This review is for delivery only!

Evo Brickoven is located on Mt. Pleasant Ave. Right off of Lincoln Drive.

I have been ordering from them for about 6 months. Every time I call, they are pleasant, and every efficient about taking my order. From start to finish,  it takes them about 60 minutes to get to my door. 

The pizza is always hot and delicious! We usually order the meat lover pizza with onions which is always good. My husband is a meat eater so we add extra meat. They always get it right  :)
My daughter is vegan, she will get the Veggie pizza special.  They even have non-dairy cheese.  Unfortunately, they charge more for the non-dairy cheese :(   Put she says it's worth it.
The one thing I love about their pizza is the crust. Maybe it's because I'm a bread lover, but the crust reminds me of a soft pretzel. I wind up eating the whole slice :(
Because their crust is so good, I would also recommend the EVO   special stromboli (steak and pepperoni).  Crispy on the outside soft and yummy on the inside. And it goes along way. Enough for a few meals.
They get 4 stars because the hot wings are just ok. They are small and dry.  I tried them more than once and they always taste the same.
I would highly recommend the pizza and stromboli at EVO"S Brickoven.
Be very careful about what you order or these guys will make you a nasty deep-dish style pizza that's pretty unappealing.
(They kind of screwed up a takeout order, too.)
When we moved into the neighborhood where Evo resides, I was wary about the unassuming little restaurant. Italian food?  Yeah, right. I'm 100% Italian, and you know what THAT means. 

Fast forward to today. We've taken food out from Evo about a dozen times, and after last night, I'm still blown away--right down to their side salad and dressing (although I miss the olives that were in it the first couple of times). 

One of my favorite mom-cooked dishes as I grew up was spaghetti Aglio e Oglio--a simple pasta dish made with garlic and oil. Sounds easy, right?  Wrong. It takes the proper ratio of ingredients and, of course, the spaghetti has to be perfect. I decided to try Evo's version. It was spot on. I've had it at least 6 times now, and each time it was better than the previous one. Before having it last evening, we detected a new flavor--one that was vaguely familiar. Halfway through our meal yesterday, and raving about how delicious it was, my husband discovered it. 

I won't reveal their secret. But if you love spaghetti, loads of garlic, and yummy olive oil (what's not to love??), you must try it. Because now with their secret ingredient, it's heaven on a plate. 

And if garlic and oil isn't your thing, try something else. Your palate will thank you. 

Bravo, Evo!!
Evo has been closed by the department of health for numerous disgusting violations. Not sure if they will open again,  but after reading the inspection report,  I will never eat there again ( mouse dropping found in food items and much more gross stuff). We ordered delivery from here a few times, thought the pizza was ok but the wings were very good. I'm totally sick to my stomach now wondering what I may have eaten, YUCK!!
Pizza was pretty good. It was a typical pizza, not anything outstanding. Delivery was on time and our pizza was hot which was great! Enjoyed it overall.
Our new go to pizza place.  The food is great and the staff is friendly. I love that they sell by the slice.  Every thing we have ordered so far,pizza, salad, burgers has been excellent.
This is a tremendous addition to the local dining scene. A family owned BYOB with excellent food and outstanding service. Do yourself a favor and make sure to check them out.
This is a little spot down the street form my house. They do a variety of items including pizza (duh), salads, burgers, even pasta. My favorite item to get is the garlic Parmesan wings. They are huge and so juicy! Also they aren't breaded which makes them keto friendly. 
A great little local spot!
I had the seafood pasta with linguini and fra diavlo (spicy) sauce and my friend had the same but with their regular red sauce. Definitely worth ordering, there is a ton of seafood as well as a large portion of pasta. The dish includes mussels, clams, shrimp, scallops, and a small lobster that sits in the center of the dish. There is an adequate amount of sauce that can be used to dip your garlic bread into which comes with the dish; it also comes with a side salad. This dish was definitely better than I was expecting; i had previously tried their pizza and wings, which is not bad either, especially the garlic parm wings, but I will say that the seafood pasta is the 5 star dish there.
I ordered a large half cheese and half pepperoni pizza along with mild buffalo wings and all of it was delicious!
Literally everything I have had this far has not disappointed. I love Wings, but these are not just wings. These are beyond delicious! 1st tried the Lemon Pepper and then Garlic Parmesan. That one will have you licking your fingers and wanting to have something else to polish off the rest on cell you've eaten your last. Today .... Mango Habenaro  .... So good!!! Ordered the bruschetta fries and strawberry milkshake to help with those wings!!!!  

This place is must if you're looking for great wings and the pizza!!!!! #Forgetaboutit
Thank you, Jesus. Finally a solid pizza place in the Mt. Airy vicinity.

Growing up in NEPA, I was lucky enough to have access to some of the best pizza places in the country. The tiny town I grew up in (no more than a mile long) had at least five pizza places, and there are at least another hundred within the next 5-10 miles. 

When my husband and I moved to Mt. Airy in 2009, we searched and searched for decent pizza but couldn't find it.  So when Evo opened, we were optimistic, and they did not let us down.

To me, this pizza is identical not to pizza I had back home, but to authentic New York pizza. It's thin, and flavorful, just the right amount of grease, and the right amount of toppings. A pretty perfect pizza. Delicious, slightly garlicky crust as well. Perfectly done.

With that said, these guys are quickly blowing up and I think they need to hire some more people. I was told the delivery wait was over an hour (on a weeknight) and when I opted for pickup, I still waited 15-20 minutes. Also (and I'm not even going to take off a star for this, because the pizza is so good), the wings. Why don't pizza places in Philadelphia deep fry their wings?? Authentic buffalo wings should be deep fried, crispy, and then tossed with a mixture of hot sauce and a little butter.  Philly just hasn't gotten the memo, apparently.

Overall, I will no doubt order a truly embarrassing amount of food from this place.  Thank you, Evo, for bringing good pizza to Mt. Airy. And on a side note, maybe try deep frying the wings first. Please Google "authentic Buffalo wings."
I love that they use minimal or no plastic/ styrofoam packaging for their delivery orders. I commend you guys for making that decision!

Very thankful to have Evo in the neighborhood. They're the best pizza delivery spot that we've found here.
Good pizza. The delivery guy was prompt and on time on a 2 inch snow day. I greatly.appreciate the service. No complaints. I had the meat lovers pizza.
I've been coming here often. Best pizza in the area. Golden crust pizza is garbage compared to Evo. Sandwiches, wings, and other food fantastic too. Employers are courteous and friendly.
Finding good pizza anymore is like finding a needle in a haystack (especially in the Mt. Airy, Chestnut Hill, and Germantown community), but now I can confidently say I've found that needle in Evo Brickoven Pizzeria is defin

I relocated to the area in 2012, and every time I've attempted to order delivery, the quality of the pizza has been disappointing.  Evo Brickoven Pizzeria is now my favorite local pizzeria.  

When I opened my box of delivery, I immediately took a picture.  The perfect pizza was finally delivered to my door step.  The crust is light with just enough crisp, the sauce is flavorful and robust, and the cheese is quality mozzarella that melts perfectly.  Topped off with Parmesan, black pepper and garlic powder, I thought i was at Lorenzo's or better yet in New York! 

I will definitely be ordering more food from Evo!
Best pizza in Mt Airy and its not even close. Thin, fresh, delicious. Clean and modern inside. Under the prior owner this place was lame, we were shocked at the improvement now. Definitely coming back.
Have yet to have a bad meal from Evos. I recommend the cheese pizza and pasta dishes. They are delicious. Very nice staff also.
I haven't eaten here in awhile... I must say the pizza was awesome and the service was great!
I had my first sicilian pizza from here and it was definitely worth the hype. Their "special" house made sauce was very yummy. The pizza crust was perfect and had a great flavor. I'm so happy to have a good quality pizza place located near me.
Updating my previous 4-star review: Bravo, Evo!

Deputy Yelper sheltering with me (a south Philly type carnivore, what can I say?) had a hankering for a Philly cheese steak. I decided to give Evo a test order, just one cheese steak. We went with the American cheese, but requested extra cheese, and in the comment section, requested fried onions and light mayo. The Grubhub application was very easy to use, including the addition of a tip for delivery (delivery charge itself is only $2.50, I think) - I requested "no contact" delivery. They projected a delivery time about more than an hour later, which was fine. About 10 minutes ahead of schedule, I got the call from the delivery person. The sandwich, carefully wrapped (I appreciated their biodegradable packaging) was by the front door, with the delivery person watching from their car to make sure I got it  okay. They got the order exactly right, and it was still warm. Fresh roll (Amoroso type roll perhaps) which is what really counts. Carnivore comfort food heaven! Thank you, Evo! Five stars.
Ordered the Da Vinci. Motz sticks. And motz fries. Everything was so good. The pizza was amazing. Crust was so good.  Highly impressed.
I'm hooked on their Margherita Pizza. It's a little pricey, but the quality is totally worth it. It is soooo  fresh. 

Also ordered a house salad which was a good portion size, but for $9 it ought to be huge!
Yay! A decent pizza shop has arrived in East Mt. Airy!!! 
I waited until after my 2nd delivery order to do this review..
First order was placed via their website using a debit card on a thursday evening around 7:45 pm. Large Steak stromboli and cheese fries. Estimated 45-60 min delivery time. Arrived around that 1 hr. Mark..cool. Delivery guy was personable. 

The steak stromboli had the perfect amount of cheese and steak, just enough green peppers and onions & and a perfect ratio of sauce. Two thumbs up! It also came with 3 marinara sauces . STILL HOT. 
The fries were OK, they were borderline cold. Probably sat too long waiting for the stromboli,who knows.Came to about $24

We loved the stromboli so much,  we ordered it again the NEXT night.  Dont judge us LOL...with the cheese fries. Order was placed by phone this time, fries weren't cold, arrived around that hr. mark. We also got the tuna on wheat wrap and chicken salad on regular wrap. Tuna lacked flavor but was fresh & generous. Chicken salad was yummy. Both came with a bag of Utz. Came to about $45-47 dollars. 

For the quality i will recommend Evo pizza to others and i plan on trying other things on their menu. Those cold fries gave it a 4. That's just evil. Haha
So I been ordering so much food from this place don't get me wrong their food it's great but over 3 times they burned my chicken parm pasta platter and today I call and complaint and the owner basically said she was the one who check my order and nothing wrong with my parm and then said please I'll send you your money back and we call it a day and don't call back and neber order there she don't care if I spend trillion dollars when I order I did raise my voice and curse her out cause as a chef my self why would you turn any costumer away and tell em some bs like that you as a costumer and if you read my review please look at the pictures and be the judge
The pizza was delicious and the spaghetti aioli was tasting and the garlic had my work place break room smelling scrumptious. I know whoever came during or afterwards was disappointed in their meal because the food just engulfed your senses. You could imagine what it tasted like. Oh BOY!!! I wasn't disappointed and neither were the people I brought it for. 
The service was expedited and the delivery man even went back when I told him I asked for a different beverage. When I called to remind them they forgot the plates to serve the gentleman who took the order said and I forgot the crushed peppers. I was impressed because most people hate to acknowledge a mistake. We thoroughly enjoyed our meal. Thanks for great first time but not the last time experience!!!!
My sons just ordered from Evo tonight and normally we are pleased with their food. HOWEVER, tonight we ordered a cheesesteak and it will definitely be our last time. What they gave us is a baby cheesesteak. Needless to  say my teenagers are overwhelmingly disappointed.


UPDATE: I called and they credited my kiddo's account. That was awesome of them to credit my kid's account, and I instantly have happy teenagers  I'll let you know how the next one turns out.
I've driven pass this place several times and figured I should give it a try. I decided to place an order for delivery though rather than physically going to the restaurant. I wasn't in the mood for pizza, but saw that Evo had several other options on their menu. My final selection was a slice of carrot cake and the mega fries. 

It took about an hour to get delivered, which was long in my opinion. However, this was the estimated arrival time I was given so it was expected. When my order arrived to me, the delivery man took my mega fries out of an insulated delivery bag which kept my fries warm (WOO HOO!) My carrot cake was in a separate brown paper bag. I was definitely pleased with the serving size of the fries. They were a lot bigger than I expected. Before even opening them I can feel how heavy they were. 

The mega fries are a bed of fries topped with cheddar cheese sauce, mozzarella cheese and bacon pieces! They were heavenly. The size of the cake slice was exactly what I expected. The perfect amount! It had golden raisins instead of regular raisins which was a nice change. Since my first time trying it was such a great experience, I plan on ordering from here again. Next time I plan to go in person though and try their pizza and pepperoni stromboli!!
I just moved to the area and I was craving pizza one night and this stop happened to be 3 mins away. I'm so happy I found it and gave it shot because some of the comments where starting to put me off but I'm glad I went and tried it. 
The pizza was really good ,I ordered half margarita and half plain , and the wings "THE WINGS" were to die for. Definitely will come back. I picked up so I'm not sure how delivery works, and staff was super friendly and the price really for so much food. 

Tho I will say that they put a lot of cheese in their pizza, alottt of it. I guess that's their "thing"? A if you are more of a sauce person, like my boyfriend, you might want to ask for less cheese. But def will be coming back!
Praise, Jesus! Been waiting 10 years to get some quality pizza in Mt.Airy. Love the Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak too. Still need to try 90% of the menu... But 2 for 2. Liked them both. 


EVO
Pizza and crust are pretty tasty. The definitely brush the dough with olive oil. The wings are above average as well. Inside the place is clean and well maintained. You can definitely tell this place is family run and owned.
THE #1 BEST STROMBOLI OF ALL TIME! AND IT WAS HUGE! MADE THREE MEALS OUT OF IT! wow for reals excuse the all caps but holy crap this was amazing. Got the steak, pepperoni and mushroom Stromboli and it blew me away. Would order again and again and again for the rest of my life!
Man, was this ever fantastic. I ordered on a whim because their yelp rating, and obviously now I'm here making it even higher. Delivery was spot on (wanted it for 7:30 and at 7:24 they were at the door). We had the pomodoro pizza. It was super saucy(the girlfriend loves that) and just the right mix of cheese. I will say though that the delivery guy crushed down the box some, which if this was a normal pie could have been an issue.

We also had the garlic parm wings. May be up there as some of the best wings. Not over fried, may even be baked, not sure. They should re heat well in the oven. 

An antipasto salad was also ordered, but that will be for lunch the next day. It looked amazing though. My ONLY gripe is there was like 4 pieces of celery for a 20 piece wing order. Luckily the blue cheese was terrible (I guess that is another gripe) and tasted like store brand non chunky. That won't bring down by score though. Will be ordering again!
Tried this place for the first time and will not be wasting my money here again. Spent almost $20 on a margherita pizza, and it seems like they were running out of cheese? There was barely any on the thing. I feel like I spent $20 for a cheap supermarket tomato pie and someone put some sad, cheap mozzarella on top to try to put some lipstick on a pig. Super disappointed, especially for pizza that's pretty expensive. Also, we live 4 minutes from the shop, ordered delivery, and it arrived on the cold side of lukewarm. I literally never write reviews, but this pizza was so disappointing I felt I had to.
I decided to try this pizza place due to the awesome reviews and I was not disappointed. 

I ordered the Sicilian pepperoni pizza. The sauce was sooo flavorful and it was the perfect amount on the pizza. So many places cake on the sauce when it's not even any good! Evo's crust had just the right amount of crisp. It wasn't soggy and floppy. The whole damn pizza was yummy & this is where I'll be ordering my pizza from now on. None of the pizza places in the Gtown/Mt. Airy area touch Evo's pizza!

I also want to mention the décor is beautiful and cozy.
Had pasta from Evo tonight.

OMG.

What can I say?  It just keeps getting better and better.

If you're only getting the pizza from Evo--and that's definitely a good call--you are missing out on some AWESOME eats.

Next time? 

Try the PASTA!  

Mmm... pastahhh...
Cute little restaurant, but the day we went, they were super-busy. I guess that explains why, when we ordered a pizza that specifically did not have green peppers listed as one of the items, the pizza we received had green peppers on it. My friend hates green peppers.  To their credit, they gave us a whole other pizza without green peppers for free when we complained. Still, I wasn't really that impressed with the pizza.
Delivery: If only I could give zero stars.  We ordered at 5:15.  The window for delivery was 6:40-6:50.  Fine, we figured as much on New Year's Day.  At 6:55, I called Evo and asked where my food was.  I was given a half ass excuse "we got a lot of orders at the same time" and that my order was in the car out for delivery.  Okay, fine, it's in A car.  35 minutes passes from my phone call to Evo.  It is 7:25 and my food finally shows up.  
Food:  I ordered the Chicken cheese steak wrap with fries.  The fries were cold and gross after sitting in a car for probably an hour.  The wrap was tasteless, barely had cheese, and was also cold.  My husband ordered the Texas burger.  It was mildly warm, definitely not hot, and was not very satisfying after a VERY long wait.
Good quality and clean. Worth it if u have a taste for quality pizza. They need beef pepperoni tho
We ordered three pizzas at 6p on a Friday night. A young man had them at my door at 7p. Great response time for a weekend when it was freezing out. Here's the funny part. One of the pizzas we ordered was all the meats. It wasn't in the order. Instead was a pizza that was 2/3 plain, 1/3 chicken and spinach. We were a little disappointed but far hungrier to care. About five minutes later the doorbell rang and it was the same gentleman with the correct pizza. 

Make a mistake? No big deal. Make a mistake and correct it without me having to call? Stellar. Glad to have a good traditional slice nearby finally.
Still the best Pizza  in Mt.Airy but the quality of the pizza is beginning to decline. When they first opened it was some of the best pizza in the city; about a year later its just not the same for some reason and I think it comes down to the crust. 

The pizza used to maintain its shape and form when you picked it up. Now it just falls limp and half the cheese slides off like every other place in the neighborhood. 

Great pastas & service but the pizza is not the same as when they opened. Here's to hoping they can get back on track.
The staff working here is incredibly friendly and helpful. We placed an order for pick up and somehow part of our order didn't make it home with us after we picked up our food. I called the restaurant and they immediately recognized my number and said they were about to call and let me know they still had some of our food. Within five minutes the delivery driver was at our house with our missing salad. On top of all that, the pizza was delicious and the salad huge and fresh. We will be making this our regular pizza joint from now on!
I ordered a variety of 10 different pizzas for delivery for an event and they were all delicious!  BBQ chicken and tomato ricotta were probably my favorite, but they were all yummy.  The only reason they are not getting 5 stars is because I ordered the pizzas to be delivered at 6:30 and they came at 5:45, before any of my guests had arrived.
I'm a first timer and I must say, Evo you did not disappoint me at all! I ordered the meat lover pizza and they're cheesesteak Stromboli! All I will say is you are the best and you have a new customer for life
Best sauce ever!  We sampled the pizza... ahhh.  Eggplant parm with spaghetti marinara... yum.  Love this family run local place with 5th generation recipes!
Excellent authentic Italian food. Never disappointed. All of their food is delicious and the bruschetta fries are AWESOME!  One of the best places I have found on Yelp. True fan!
Closest to NY pizza I've had in Philadelphia so far. I am a fan. The veggie toppings are fresh, not canned, which makes a huge difference to me.
Ordered delivery- took about 1.5 hours.

Ordered penne with vodka sauce. It's just penne in some thin, not creamy, tomato sauce filled with bacon. Mostly bacon. It's bacon pasta. Pretty terrible. 

Panini is super dry.

don't bother ordering from here.
It is a very good local takeout place. However, it is not worth a special trip outside of the Mount Airy neighborhood. Even if you are coming from Germantown or Chestnut Hill, I would still recommend finding another place closer to you.

The staff is very friendly. They prepare several takeout orders every hour, and they also have pizza by the slice for those wanting to eat in.

The pizza itself is very solid. Closer to New York style, but with the addition of cornmeal (or some kind of corn flour) on the bottom to give it a slight crunch.
I'm impressed with the quality of their foods.
I've ordered the Pasta dish that had their Homemade sauce, fresh garlic, and parley. I like fresh ingredients in my dishes.
I like the decor and atmosphere which is inviting.  
I'm a Happy customer and I approve this message :)
I've lived in this in the this area long time and this is the best pizza I've ever gotten. They deliver it promptly usually within 35 or 40 minutes. I often ask for it with extra oregano extra grated cheese extra hot pepper flakes and these always arrive with the pizza. They are very generous with cheese
I'm updating this review for awesome customer service! Ordered a pizza without cheese (put in the comments section that I was dairy free), 5 minutes later I get a call offering me non dairy cheese options for my pie! So nice. Delivery via grubhub is always on time as well which I appreciate.
Me and wifey been living in the area for way too long to not have a good pizza shop. Evo may be it.   Their slices are good and huge. But their slice selection in-store leaves much to be desired. Wife had the stromboli and she gave no complaints. Definitely coming back for more.
Very yummy gluten free pizza, and it came with a separate pizza cutter to prevent cross contamination- much appreciated! The quality of cheese was also very good. They understood my order (I've had issues in the past where I hand write gluten free and for some reason the restaurant doesn't understand). The coppa strawberries & caramel was also delicious and totally hit the spot on a warm day! Delivery was faster than anticipated.
I'm hooked on their Margherita Pizza. It's a little pricey, but the quality is totally worth it. It is soooo  fresh. 

Also ordered a house salad which was a good portion size, but for $9 it ought to be huge!
Evo is our go to for pizza. Everyone loves the plain cheese. Added bonus: their fries are phenomenal. And they have good salad choices if you're not in the mood for pizza.
This is our go-to pizza delivery spot in Mt. Airy. Just ordered 8 pies for my son's birthday party and got compliments from all the parents. High quality, consistent, and speedy delivery. Definitely outshines the other pizza delivery options in the neighborhood. Haven't explored their non-pizza menu options other than salads, which are fine, but not particularly special. Interested in trying the wings, as I've heard good things.
I had an antipasto pizza, it's excellent. High quality ingredients and the crust is great. This is my new favorite pizza place.
This place has the best lemon pepper wings possibly in all of philly! Pizza is underrated and the crust is fantastic!
My co-workers and I ordered delivery from Evo Brickoven Pizza while on a retreat in the Mt. Airy area, and it was pretty disappointing.

The four of us shared two salads and one pizza. We got the Greek Salad without anchovies and the Avocado Spinach Salad without bacon. The avocado and hard-boiled egg on the Avocado Spinach Salad were definitely not fresh. The salads each came with a slice of garlic bread, which was so stale and bland to the point where none of us could eat them (and this is a group of people who all hold a philosophy of finishing everything on your plate). We all shared the Margherita Pizza, which was actually pretty tasty, but the cheese was scarce.

In summary, the pizza was good and the rest was not.
Pizza delivered on time and was delicious!  Delivery person was so incredibly polite and helpful.  Thank you for a great experience!
So, listen what had HAPPENED was, me and my roommate always order from here without an issue but tonight...OH TONIGHT was a downright DISGRACE!! We ordered through Grub Hub and our food arrived on time, and living on the third floor of our building we came down as soon as we got the first call. Instead, he decided to call us again and complain that we made him wait 15 minutes when we were down there in approximately 3 minutes. Also, not to mention, it's snowy and icy out on the sidewalks. So bitches gotta move a lil slow. BUT ANYWAYS, we let it go and got upstairs to eat our food. Everything was cold (like, ice ice baby cold), and the food was poorly prepared. There was barely any meat in either of our sandwiches, they threw everything in the bag, and there was fuzz in the middle of my roommates cheesesteak. So, we decided our asses were gonna contact Grub Hub, so Salapia (homie from Grub Hub) or whatever her name was, ah, nice lady nice lady, well she contacted the restaurant. The restaurant told us they can't refund our food and that we made the driver wait and that the manager made the food so it was "good". Like nah, homies. I'd rather deal with the rapture comin' April 18th. Whatever. In conclusion, our bitch asses are getting Zesto's next time.
EVO you have done it again with the veggie burger, the buffalo wings and pizza top with roasted tomatoes spinach grilled chicken, other seasons that pop on your tongue and tickle throat. Milkshake was the BOMB!
Check them out folks....
I only got the buffalo wings and lord they're good!! I hat big fat hormone pumped wings and these were normal sized and really fresh. The sauce is amazing classic buffalo sauce flavor with a lil heat. They are still crispy even though they are covered in sauce. They hit the spot. Delivery was fast my new go to spot I cannot wait to try the pizza
I love that such a trendy place is in the neighborhood. Wish there were more like it. I've only ordered boxes to go from here but every time I stop in to pick up, the sit down diners look very content. And their giant plates of pasta look delicious and beautiful. I don't think you'll be disappointed if you give them a try.
EVO is the best pizza for miles around. Family owned and operated. I hear the pizza chefs speaking Italian whenever I'm there. Fresh ingredients, no canned or convenience products used. Before they came here Mt Airy was a pizza wasteland with only imitators selling inferior food. Never, ever going anywhere else
We moved to the neighborhood a few months ago and often order takeout.  The food has been great every time as well as the service, and the inside is very nice.  There is a homey authentic feeling to the restaurant and the food.  My personal favorites so far are the mild wings and the garlic knots, but everything has been great, thank you Evo!
Go to pizza place in Germantown! A little expensive but worth the price! The wings are some of the best in philly (lemon pepper and garlic butter)
Wow! Love the flavor of this pizza! I like that they also season the crust! I'm not a fan of crust usually but this pizza has me eating it all!
Great menu! We've ordered from here a few times and never had a bad meal. The Alfredo pizza is delicious, salads are always fresh and prices are reasonable! Happy to have such a great place in our neighborhood.
Good pizza! I had an extra large cheese pizza delivered; it came earlier than the listed ETA and was huge.
If I could give this place a 10 I would. I like my pizza a certain way which is please don't burn the cheese. The sauce that is used on the pizza taste so good like a traditional spaghetti sauce. They are really nice when you call to place a order. My husband found this place on Yelp after looking up good pizza and he's right this place is def a winner I diamond in the cut
I must say I use to enjoy Evo but the last 3 times I ordered pizza they were very salty I couldn't eat it . That was very disappointing did you guys change some of your ingredients. Unless it gets better I will not be ordering anymore
So happy these guys are around. The pizza near my house had gotten so bad that I started making my own dough. Now i don't have to. I have Evo. Our favorite order is a medium cheese pizza and a large Greek salad. Great stuff! And fast with the delivery.
Delicious pizza and friendly folks. I really like their salads too. This place is close by and I appreciate their food.
Pizza was good. I respect their boundaries during the pandemic. I was totally confused by their pick up procedure though. The inside of the place looks a mess but the pizza tastes fresh. They do deliver but the wait is far too long. I don't mind being patient and ordering before I actually get really hungry. 
Anyway the seasoned crusty is really tasty and the sauce they use tastes homemade. So it's a good choice if you're not in a rush to eat.
We moved to the neighborhood a few months ago and often order takeout.  The food has been great every time as well as the service, and the inside is very nice.  There is a homey authentic feeling to the restaurant and the food.  My personal favorites so far are the mild wings and the garlic knots, but everything has been great, thank you Evo! Update : Their homemade chocolate chunk cookie last night was equally amazing!
This is only 4 stars, as I'm basing it only on plain slice purchases. The basic pizza is very good, so this is an excellent East Mt. Airy option for pizza. The menu includes many other items that I have yet to check out. The staff is really friendly, making a very welcoming atmosphere. They even have not just 1, but 2, signs up thanking their patrons for making their start-up so successful. Very positive vibe, which is so rare with small pizza places like this. Also, they self-describe as BYOB. We'll be back! Or will place a delivery order!
Updating my previous 4-star review: Bravo, Evo!

Have recently ordered pizzas for delivery - Mediterranean and Margherita pizzas. Please see photos. A good, honest, basic pizza, but delivered piping hot. The online order earliest available delivery time was perhaps just a way to manage expectations - the order arrived 45 minutes early! I'm not complaining.

Previous order was the result of a Deputy Yelper sheltering with me (a south Philly type carnivore, what can I say?), and she had a hankering for a Philly cheese steak. I decided to give Evo a test order, just one cheese steak. We went with the American cheese, but requested extra cheese, and in the comment section, requested fried onions and light mayo. The Grubhub application was very easy to use, including the addition of a tip for delivery (delivery charge itself is only $2.50, I think) - I requested "no contact" delivery. They projected a delivery time about more than an hour later, which was fine. About 10 minutes ahead of schedule, I got the call from the delivery person. The sandwich, carefully wrapped (I appreciated their biodegradable packaging) was by the front door, with the delivery person watching from their car to make sure I got it  okay. They got the order exactly right, and it was still warm. Fresh roll (Amoroso type roll perhaps) which is what really counts. Carnivore comfort food heaven! Thank you, Evo! Five stars.
Ordered 4 desserts which were (better than homemade)
Absolutely delicious..tiramisu ...chocolate cake ..carrot cake... and  especially the gelato served in a fantastic gelato glass which is reusable.. the glass is also fantastic for serving ice cold champagne.. I've collected 3 glasses so far.. one more and I'll have a lovely set.
Best pizza in NW Philly. Truth out. Consistent. Crunchy tasty crust. I especially like the mushroom pizza made fresh shrooms.
Evo has been my go to for pizza since moving from NY. Today I ordered and the pizza was burnt and cold. Took about an hour and a half to be delivered
This place cancelled my Seamless order without a word of explanation and it's going to take me 5-10 business days to even get a refund. Their food is good, but I'm not ordering from them again.
