I've been here twice, both by accident. And both times I've left feeling like my spaceship landed on a planet that didn't want me there. Boo hoo. Not interested in being stared at like people were worried I was going to steal their purse or try to hold them down and give them a tattoo, I just left after one beer (at least my drink was good). 

If Bill M and Marcello D like it so much, I will give an extra star, because I trust those dudes. The ones I met at Fado those two fateful nights, though...not so much.
Fado for dinner and trivia on a week night is 4-star worthy. Fado for going out on the weekend is at most 2-stars. Leaving my overall review a solid 3-stars. Why, you might ask? Let's dive in...

I've been to Fado for their weekly trivia at 8 PM on Wednesday nights. They offer a few special beer prices that start at 7:30 and run until trivia ends. I recommend making a reservation to ensure you get a table because this trivia spot is popular and packed, and it seems that every guest is there for trivia. My most recent visit was last week. We made our reservation about two weeks in advance, not because we felt that we needed to, but we decided that was the week that worked best for our group and wanted to be proactive.

Masks are required when you enter the space. There is usually a hostess greeting guests and directing you to a section of tables reserved with pieces of paper that have your reservation name on them. We easily found ours, conveniently located right next to the trivia host table. 

We ordered rounds of drinks and put in food orders. I recommend coming earlier, because the kitchen can be slow once all the trivia participants are there and seated. We made our reservation for 7 PM, while most trivia goers arrive at 7:30 (most likely for the drink specials) and our food still took a really long time. One of our dishes took about 30 minutes longer than the rest, and it was just chicken fingers with fries. Our server made a mistake and entered them incorrectly the first time, so I guess that explains the delay but it seemed as though they may have gotten forgotten twice. 

The food is good, we really enjoyed the wings. I also really liked the fried goat cheese and the honey sauce it came with. A bit on the pricer side for what you get, but not crazy expensive. 

When it comes to going out here, I just don't anymore. I've had friends get their wallets stolen out of their pant pockets. Cell phones disappear. Most recently, a friend started a tab and when they asked to close it the bartender said they "lost" his credit card. How is this possible? They offered a consolation free round... not quite the best solution. It's very alarming that an establishment would not hold itself accountable to find a credit card, it seems like it's taking advantage of the drunken customers. 

Overall, a nice place to stop for food if you're in the area but not by any means a culinary highlight. I'd avoid it at all costs on the weekends after 9 PM.
Let me morph into the cranky version of Tony Bourdain for this one . . . ok.

Wanna meet meatheads from two continents?  Enjoy waiting 15 minutes for beers as you get jostled by random drunken louts?  Like overhearing inane arguments between couples whose combined IQ struggles to break into the triple digits?  Come to Fado on a Saturday night!

Maybe if you're a desperate soccer fan or you're going at a slow time, Fado is worthwhile.  If it's the weekend, however, this place is just like every other massive Irish Pub establishment in Philly . . . big, loud, and stupid.  Ugggh.
This is more of, well an update since I don't see anyone else mentioning this. For all you quizzo lovers, Fado now has pub trivia on Wednesdays at 8 pm and you probably get out around 11 pm or so.

And yes, you will see the beer sponsors and specials change (I've seen two changes happening). BUT sometimes you can get some cool sponsor prizes. Like the time my friends were in the big bad Quizzo showdown and amongst ourselves, after the call out prizes, we scored a cooler, a jersey, a jacket, and something else I can't remember. Too bad none of those belong to me lol. I have no idea if they'll do this showdown again or have such crazy awesome prizes, but regularly the prizes during call outs are hilarious and/or useful. Rory is a hilarious host. Come up with a clever team name and earn some extra points (if you are a member of the team that constantly used Jett Travolta in Saturday Night Seizure and other variants week through week, we need to talk).

The boxty quesadillas are a bit cheesy, but what quesadilla isn't cheesy these days? I still pine over the lost buffalo chicken sandwich due to the menu change way back (and if it's on the menu and I glaringly missed it, my bad for mentioning this!) And if I can't choose, I get fish 'n chips or the Guinness BBQ Chicken sandwich.

This place is hilarious to watch people get drunk. And a must-be place to watch futbol games as well as I hear down the grapevine. I did check this place out on the weekend, albeit it was only for a little while, but weekday or weekend, I still like Fado.

Mmmm I want some boxty fries now.
Disclaimer: I have never been here, other than for soccer screenings.

If Soccer is a religion then  Fado's is my temple to practice my religion. I have lost count on the number of Saturday and Sunday mornings that I have spent at this place, maybe being cheered for or being cussed at.  I even remember the first time I called them to confirm if they are open for the early 7AM games and I got ridiculed at for doubting their resolve. 

Other than the English premier league games, and the union games, they also sport Rugby screenings, the Scottish league games on the different nooks and cranny of the bar. And due to it's layout, most supporters get divided to maintain harmony during the games. They have one jumbo projector in the main bar area for the marquee games of the day, that's where all the action is. The folks that hang around are a mix of locals and expats all gathered to support their favorite teams, most of them regulars, so u kind of get to share stories or maybe even learn some chants to get u riled up.


Fado's popularity has grown leaps and bounds now that it is the official Philadelphia Union club, with even Fan buses to and fro to the new swanky stadium. The service here is impressive considering the fact that it can get really wild during the games. Molly, Shane,Marie, Jamie and the rest of the gang ensure that even though u might choke from the excitement or horror of the games, u can rest assured that there is a pint of your favorite beverage beside u. Even during the World cup with hardly place to move a limb my drinks always found a way to me, it is miraculous. Talking bout the world cup, tip of the hat for the Bloc party that simply rocked.

I have never ordered the food per say but I am in love with the fries and the curried ketchup to go along with it. They also have a couple of ciders, strongbow on draft and bottled magners, if u are not feeling the mood for a crisp Guinness at 7 in the morning. I hear they have DJ nights on the weekends and it does get pretty wild. 
 
All in all there is no other place I would rather be on the early hours of the weekend, sipping on my favorite libation and sharing the joy of football.
When you're an American obsessed with the British Premier League, breakfast and drinking and soccer become very closely related, because the matches are aired in the morning. Fado gets the job done on all three fronts. I have plenty of praise, and my criticisms are all pretty muted.

Full disclosure: this review is written from the perspective of a football fan who first crossed Fado's threshold in search of a decent venue to view the morning matches. I was very happy with what I found, but I'm less inclined to discuss the nightlife scene, cause I rarely end up at Fado for that.

More full disclosure: I'm a Liverpool supporter and there's always a good crowd of fellow Koppites in Fado. Lots of Spurs, United and Chelsea too. I don't imagine you'd get any aggro if you showed up in another kit - but I've never had to worry about it. Might have to be taken into consideration if your situation is different. Technically, it's a Celtic supporters bar, but it's mostly prem fans watching on the weekends. Maybe if you walked in wearing Rangers gear you'd get some stick. But let's be real, this is Philly, no one is going to punch you over soccer. Hockey, on the other hand... :)

Positives:

The staff is great. Friendly even at 7am. Knowledgeable about what matches are on, which is HUGE. And - this is the best part - they stream matches that aren't aired on any of the major networks, and are happy to put yours on if it isn't already. There are usually enough nooks and crannies with their own TVs for you and your squad to post up and watch your team, even if you're the only ones interested.

We stopped in on New Year's day last year, at the height of Mummers madness, and still got great service. It was crowded and we had to stand around for a few minutes until a table opened up. But when it did, the waiter brought out a couple extra chairs to accommodate our group even though it made the thoroughfare a little more cluttered. Solid move.

Breakfast is yummy. It's sort of an American gourmet twist on Irish pub fare. That means boxties and black pudding alongside the omelette and potatoes. But everything is thoughtfully plated, not just slopped onto the dish, and the grease level is much lower than you'd get at the neighborhood diner. Portions are big. I recommend the smoked salmon bagel or the Irish breakfast sampler. If you don't know what the black pudding is - don't ask. Just eat it, yank.

Prices are high compared to greasy spoon places, but not through-the-roof. 

It's very accessible. Right next to a SEPTA/PATCO stop, and on the weekends there's plenty of parking on 15th or Walnut. I've never seen it super-crowded and never had to wait for a table, except on the last day of the season.

Negatives:

People day it doesn't have a "genuine" Irish feel. I guess they're right. Doesn't really bug me. I came looking for a football bar, and that's what I found. I've yet to find a better one in Philly. Until I do, I'll put up with the Hoolihan's vibe at Fado.

Others gripe about the beer selection. Again, probably a valid concern. I don't see a lot of microbrews or obscure selections. But they have the British market covered pretty well (Newky Brown!). My buddy always gets black-and-tan's, and swears they make a good one at Fado. So no complaints from us.

Apparently the nighttime crowd gets a little douchey. Call me old fashioned, but in center city Philly (or center city anywhere), "a little douchey" is the best-case scenario.  I've been here a few times at night, and the vibe was way more chill than most places I end up at - but my favorite bar is Silk City, so to me, anything short of pure mayhem registers as "chill".

All in all, Fado is dope! Me and my hooligan crew will continue to show up hungover as balls on Saturday mornings for football and a little hair of the dog :).
I'm still going with the old A-OK for Fado. It's not a place that would become a destination on a regular night out, but when I revisited last week for Marcello's Flyers Faithful event, I had a good time. The bathrooms are still kind of scrummy and haven't been updated since my previous visit, but the rest of the place is all right. The sound system was impressively loud. Maybe a little too much, but I guess it was better to be a tad too loud than not loud enough considering we were all playing a game. 

Our server stopped by regularly and split checks without even being asked, which was appreciated. I munched on fried pickles and sipped diet coke so I don't have much to say about the food, although I did like their version of fried dill chips. This bar holds a definite spot in my past but I'm okay with a return visit from time to time.
I am a frequent patron of Fado. In fact, I think I've been to Fado more than any other bar in my entire life. It would be a lengthy review to detail all the reasons I love this place, and I hadn't even thought to review it until I had the pleasure of ordering dinner the other night. I will occasionally get appetizers, but I most often enjoy a pint of Guinness or Strongbow, or a tasty layered combination of the two, the Black Velvet.

For dinner, I ordered the lamb dip sandwich. It came on a soft, slightly crusty French bread, and was served with a savory au jus, just salty enough to make my mouth water for more. The lamb was tender and well seasoned, and the dish came with steak fries (I believe in the UK, they call them chips?!) which were just crispy enough to make them a perfect pair to the sandwich. I was impressed. Other great things to try: pub sliders (mini versions of my lamb dip), homemade potato crisps (delectable), flatbread bruschetta (I think that's what it's called- tomato, basil and balsamic reduction- amazing). I've been told the burgers are decent as well - not the best in Philly, but pretty darn good.

Coupled with the attentive (always attentive) service (I mean your glass is rarely empty, until you say it should be), the upbeat music, the warm atmosphere, and the unexpected game of Quizzo that began at 8 (Wednesday nights!), I had yet another fabulous night at Fado. If you go, and you're a fan, I would recommend connecting with them on facebook - they've got great special events, contests and parties. I know the crowd can get a little frat-i-fied on weekend nights, but for happy hour or a meal, this place is the leprechaun's pot-o-gold. I promise you a good time. And if you don't have a good time, you can track me down and tell me yourself. You can probably find me at Fado.
Im a bit biased towards fado because its literally where most of our company parties happen...but at the same time its not their fault that the food and drinks are pretty darn good. 

This review will be soley based on the giant viking pretzel and ginger whiskey beer i tried. 

First of all, this pretzel is HUGE!! I mean "share with 4-5 ppl huge. And i can EAT! 
The pretzel is sort of hard on some of the outside parts but sooooooooo soft and fluffy on the inside. I literally don't know how they make it like that. It comes paired with a fondue-style chesse dipping sauce that has a hint of tomato and cilantro. Its incredible.
 I could pour that sauce on some cereal and it would be good (not really). 

The ginger beer and whiskey shot....like WHY HAVEN'T I DONE THAT AT HOME YET?? Well i know why...cause i would be a hot mess everyday, but back to the review. 
The combo of sweet ginger beer with the whiskey shot poured in creates a strong but not overbearing flavor that pairs so well with the pretzel....ho mai gawd. 

And it taste even better during happy-hour haaaa...
Try it...But your pretzel experience will never be the same.
Tonight my friend came here and tried to tell the manager that people who are born female but identify as male can use the men's bathroom. The manager yelled at her and told that fado doesn't believe that and told her she was drunk for believing that. He yelled at her and told the bouncer to pick her up and kick her out. The bouncer picked her up and threw her to the ground because Fado doesn't believe in that. Honestly it's disgusting for people who believe in gender rights to go here. Please don't ever come here because the manager, even in 2016, doesn't think all people have equal rights.
I think if you come here during the not packed time, you're going to enjoy yourself.

I stopped in recently for happy hour on a Friday and I was pleasantly surprised.  When my friend suggested Fado, I sort of groaned thinking back to the one other time I had been here at 10:30 on a Saturday and it was "party mode".  Not the case this time.

We sat outside and drank our pints of Guinness.  The service was prompt and I was able to just sit back and enjoy the conversation.  We sampled their wings (not very spicy but nicely cooked) and their boxtie chips with hummus.  I enjoyed the boxtie with hummus more than the wings.

I've heard that Fado opens up special hours to show international soccer matches.  I think that's a cool feature and maybe one day I'll let someone drag me to one of them.

Also, special note, I stopped in here one other time for a beer and to kill some time before going to a byo.  Seeing that I had a bottle of white wine with me, the bartender offered to refrigerate it while I enjoyed my beer and beat the heat.  That was a very considerate move on his part.
Wow, what a way to end the night.

My fiancé and I headed to Fado for drinks and some dinner on a whim; our first two choices were packed, and we hadn't been to Fado in forever. I'm not sure we'll be going back in... oh, forever.

Dinner and drinks were great - we had seats at the bar, and the bartenders were great, especially when the hoards of people were trying to encroach on our dining space. The evening took a VERY sour turn when we had hit the 3.5 hour mark of eating and drinking, and the bouncers came over and insisted that my fiancé, me, and the girl next to us give up our chairs because it was "too crowded". I asked the giant who approached me to give us five minutes so my fiancé could finish his beer as we had already cashed out, and he started pulling my chair out from under me. My fiancé stood up to defend me, and they took his chair too. The adorable young lady in the crowd next to us had her chair confiscated as well. Just the three of us. No one else. While we had consumed several beverages during our 3.5 hour visit, the man and I were nowhere near intoxicated, belligerent, or disrespectful - until JUST the three of us at the HUGE bar were ordered out of our seats "to make more room." In a room that size, what good are THREE SEATS going to do???? You couldn't have made more room when there was a guy ordering a beer who spread his arms in front of me so wide that I had to reach over him to get my beer? You couldn't make more room when I had a gaggle of silly little girls spilling beer on me early on? No, you had to make room as I was getting ready to leave.

As we were walking out, these huge "men" were resting against the walls, asking for IDs... not clearing out the rest of the chairs from the bar area, as they had said they were going to do. When I said something about them standing around and not clearing the rest of the bar area to make room, they laughed at me.

Thank you to the bounces for ruining an otherwise fabulous night. We'll be sure to go back and leave FAR before that ridiculousness ruins another date night for us.

Four stars for the food, five for the bartenders, ZERO for the bouncers who need to get lives and realize that professionals who spend well over $100 in a sitting deserve a little respect and the right to sit on their well-earned bar stools.
The staff at Fado is really friendly.  Especially during the day.   Weekend mornings are great for watching soccer.  Great drink specials and fabulous brunch specials.  

Weekend nights can be a bit suburban and fratty what with the Patco train right in front of the bar.  The weeknight activities more than make up for it though.  They've got the best quizzo in Philadelphia as rated by Philadelphia Style Magazine. 

Overall this is a good place to go for a quiet drink most of the week, but you probably want to avoid it on Friday and Saturday nights.  Unless you like dancing, and people who wish they were cool enough for Continental.
I must say I was pretty wowed by this place!  Was in Philly for a conference the other day, and Fado is where we decided to go for lunch.  We were so glad that we did.  It was a rainy Wednesday right around noon and it was pretty empty, so we received a lot of attention.  Our waitress was super sweet and very patient with us as we perused the menu for a while.

Anyway, the house salad  (mixed greens, cucumber, red onion, marinated tomatoes, dried cranberries, pickled beets & carrots, toasted almond & asiago cheese with red wine vinaigrette) was seriously one of the best I've ever had and the corned beef boxty rollups with horseradish sauce topped with a really nice slaw were the bomb (they were on the specials list but should be on the menu in my opinion!)!!!  

My two coworkers both had bacon cheeseburgers which were huge and looked delicious... They really enjoyed them.

I don't get to Philly as often as I'd like but I will most definitely keep this place on the list.  I saw so many things I want to try, so I just might have to make a point of going back soon!
My gf and I booked a dinner reservation several weeks ago. We had never been here and were seeing a show so we booked our reservation. Later, turns out it's the same day and time as the Eagles playoff game. The day before we were due to arrive, I get a voicemail from Jessica stating "we have to cancel your reservation due to the sporting event. It won't be conducive to a nice dinner. If you want, call us back and we will help you find another place to eat."  

This was very disturbing. I understand the atmosphere but don't assume I don't want to be a part of that. Yes we made reservations before the game was announced but have the decency to call and ask if it's still ok. Give me the option. Don't just cancel my reservation and leave me scrambling around last minute. I was pissed. I called Jessica back, displayed my anger and opted to keep our reservation. 

Was it loud and packed, yes. But we enjoyed the game and the atmosphere. We got there early and had drinks. Sat and had a delicious meal. Our server was awesome. 

In the end, I will not return. I was a chef and worked in food services most of my adult life, just recently retiring from food service and would NEVER do what Jessica did. You call and explain the situation to the guest and give the guest the option. For that reason I will not go back. There are to many places to spend my money.
The typical "Irish pub" scene with a mix of an older crowd and a college aged crowd. The food isn't half bad and I actually enjoy their take on nachos by using potato chips instead of tortilla chips. Typical bar food with some irish classics thrown in and they have a large selection of beers on tap. Good place to go to for a few beers but I wouldn't plan on spending an entire evening here.
i went here last night for my cousin's 12st birthday. she got a Cherry Coke though. ANYWAY... it was her brother's suggestion to go there b/c he loves it so much. i hate the atmosphere of "irish pubs" like this. they're big and dark and have a lot of stuff everywhere and play crappy music too loudly. that aside, this place seemed like a nice place for average people doing average things after an average work day. the staff was SUPER nice and attentive. they were friendly without seeming fake. the selection of food was good, though i didnt order anything. i did nibble on some yummy potatoe wedges and steamed veggies that came on the side of my cousin's dish. both were good and hot and fresh. i dont drink so i didnt even bother looking at the beer selection. this isnt a place i would go back to bc its not my style, but i can see why other people like it for sure.
This place is like stepping in to Ireland...right down to the accent of the bartenders!! A must-visit on you pub tour of the city!!!
I'm pretty sure this place is connected to a restaurant group in Boston. ...one that I happen to like most of the restaurants that belong to it. The staff is helpful and friendly. The food is pretty standard Irish-American fare. My burger was delicious. The fries just eh...perhaps simply not my style.

We went on a Sunday night, so it wasn't too crowded. I would like to apologize to anyone in there that night, some members of our group were a little on the loud and obnoxious side.

It took a little while for the food to come out and staff was a little scarce...but some members of our group discussed whether we thought that was standard for the night or if they were avoiding us; I'm leaning towards the latter.

Why three stars? Good food and atmosphere, but pretty standard and nothing out of the ordinary or particularly special.
Fado used to be our default bar.  What caused its demotion is the fact that we were charged for four extra Yuenglings plus other drinks at our last visit--the one time our group comprised visibly drunk individuals seemingly lacking in judgment.  We fought it, but the bartender sporting a ponytail (never caught his name), who also happened to be very condescending to all my friends, refused to re-evaluate the check.  In a rush, we had to leave, but not with having our bill corrected.

We will never be back again.  There are plenty of other Irish pubs in Philly who will treat you with some modicum of respect.
No Irish pub in the U.S. is going to be nearly as good as one actually in Ireland, but I like Fado the best out of any Irish pub in Philly (or the U.S. in general, so far).  I'm very Irish and have been to Ireland, so I hope you take my word for it.  The food is good, the drinks are great, the servers are friendly, the decor is very Irish pub-like (dark wood, brass, leather...).  I like the tucked away booths for chilling, and I like the bar stools for socializing.  This is also a good place to catch some soccer on TV.  I can't wait to go back here.
I really enjoy Fado, the decor is very traditional looking, but the crowd is mostly 20 and 30 somethings.

Very good very and scotch selections, of course this being an Irish Bar they slightly over price Jameson.

On the weekends this place becomes a night club and if you are siting at the bar after 10 you will probably be asked to stand up. 

Great place, to meet cool people.
We had the pleasure of FADO for brunch a couple of Sundays ago. I at first thought the menu was limiting, but how many ways can you make eggs, really! So I had the Hang Over Special. It was an Egg, Cheese, Bacon and Ham sandwich on a bagel with potatoes. It was great! My friend had the corned beef meal which I think he enjoyed as well. One for my friends from High School works there and she regaled her latest exploits while we sipped coffee. It was intimate until we arrived. Then the crowds came in slightly after we arrived. Not a bad space! Great for a party! I'm a fan of FADO! Oh, did I mention they play only Irish artists' music!
My buddy and I caught up with his friends for a night of pub quiz at Fado's.  Its a pretty big bar and surprisingly, well attended for a pub quiz.  Good selection of beer (although I am easy to please if they have Stella) and a good collection of cute blondes and brunette girls.

I also enjoyed the big screen TVs that had the phils game on...what more can you ask for?
A nice, basic Irish (real Irish owners & bartenders - and Irish music playing) pub with Irish and American pub grub.  I like it better than Tir Na Nog.  We had cute little "mini burgers" and a chicken quesedilla made with Boxty (really - the potato boxty like in Ireland) instead of a tortilla.

I would go back!
We needed a place close to the Kimmel Center and decided to give Fado a try for dinner.  The place itself has a nice feel with a gigantic wrap around bar almost the size of the place. There was a fairly big crowd by the time we left.

They have great selection of beer and a fairly good-sized menu.  The food, however, was not all that good.  The Avocado RLT (a play on a BLT) had little to no flavor.  The Shepherds Pie was also on the bland side.

So with 2 beers, before tip, the bill came to around $40.  Might stop in again for a drink but would definitely eat somewhere else.
I had a ridiculously good time at Fado. At one point, I was even posing as a Japanese tourist (one who was obviously not Japanese, at least to other Asians and anyone who knows better).

Fado was part of a bar crawl I was part of. Our party stayed here longer than the crawl called for, thanks to the venue's large size and also thanks to our generous bartender Steph, who kept us under her thrall by pouring us many, many Irish car bombs. I might have had two shots, but I distinctly remember finishing my tour (at Fado, anyway) with a nigh-HORRIBLE shot of Irish whiskey.
My friend and I stopped at Fado last night after shopping and frolicking in Center City.  We got a table outside and sat down to look at the menu and people-watch.  Our waitress, Molly, was the sweetest!  She gave us great entree recommendations, too. I ordered the bacon cheeseburger and opted for a side salad instead of fries.  Molly suggested the citrus lime vinegarette - YUM!  My salad and burger were tasty.  My friend and I sat for hours, and just generally had a great time.  I'd go back.
Had a good time in here, because we were able to avoid the packed front bar and meander our way to a small section in the back where our friends had set up shop at a few high top tables. From here, we enjoyed spectacular service from a very talented server named Pete, who kept the Guinness pints coming, and served us the best pork belly I've ever had at 11:30 on a Friday night.

The crowd up front is something to avoid. Beyond that, I'd say I'm a fan for sure.
I usually do not write reviews, though I feel like both the nature and response to my situation renders comment for the lack of professionalism and general hostility I experienced. Yesterday, I was a patron to Fado during the world cup event- an event that is heavily promoted as fostering a welcoming environment and community. I had no problems prior to ordering my meal, which was supposed to be an Irish breakfast sandwich (which I clearly verbalized and pointed to the menu to confirm my selection given the noise level). I did not receive my order, but in fact, received the Irish breakfast. Though similar in name, the two dishes share little else in common and the error was apparent as soon as it arrived if for nothing else than the conspicuous ingredients that I went out of my way to avoid due to dietary restrictions. 

When I expressed to the bartender that I received the incorrect order, he said 'I didn't put the order in' rather than offering a solution or to talk to the correct person. The employee who originally placed my order came to the bar and apologized, but only supplemented one of the missing items instead of simply replacing the incorrect order with what I ordered (normal procedure in other food establishments). If the employees have a difficult time distinguishing between the Irish breakfast sandwich and Irish breakfast menu items, then they should not be working there or they should at minimum try to rectify the situation that was a result of their mistake. I communicated to staff members calmly and politely with no expectations other than to receive the meal that I would soon pay for. 
When I thought things couldn't get more unprofessional for a food establishment, the bartender removed my plate of food without asking me if I was finished.  I noticed that I was charged for the higher priced incorrect order and when I told the bartender, he was extremely hesitant to correct the charge and rude in his actions and communication. His response was "well, did you eat everything".  Seriously? The service was appalling during the morning world cup event that is advertised as a quality event, so I can only imagine how horrible the service would be during normal business hours.  Very disappointed!
Awesome pub quiz, I mean seriously, the music round and the fact that there are a lot of rounds sold me.  Though I am sad that they've been lacking in telling the teams their scores after each round and maybe only 2-3 times per game, but it's understandable since the crowd is big.  The food here is pretty good as well. Have yet to check this place out on the weekend though.
decent bar... they definitely need to follow some sort of capacity rule bc it was entirely to crowded.... I like a place where people actually dance and don't just stand around on the dancefloor...the music was decent.. nothing super special mainly top 40... I'm ok with that....I feel like I may have gotten the wrong idea being this is an "irish" bar and I went in on a weekend after erin express.. so maybe they don't let 5 million people in a place meant for 200...... however it seems like you could have a really good time here.. I'd come back.. but only after peeking in to see how many people I'll have to push out the way to get to the dancefloor
Was here for New Years Eve and got about 20-30 glasses of champagne dumped on me by a waitress. She dropped the tray of glasses all over me and my clothes, and I stood there soaked in champagne as she proceeded to walk away and not acknowledge the situation. When I confronted a bartender in order to speak to the manager, the bartender said "what do you want?" in a condescending fashion. He insisted the manager was not there, but after being persistent and almost jumping across the bar to slap the stupid look off his face, he finally got the manager. She gave me 2 free drinks and that was it...they refused to give me back my money for my prepaid tickets, and did not agree to pay to get my suit dry cleaned. I will never go here again because the customer service SUCKED.
My last visit to Fado on 5/14/12 was extremely unpleasant. 

Jody, the bartender, was great, but the manager was a complete asshole. When my group asked him to put the Rangers/ Devils Eastern Conference Final hockey game on a bar TV, I was told that the bar has a strict policy towards only showing the games of Philadelphia teams. Since the Sixers and Phillies games were over and the bar was nearly empty, I didn't see the issue with accommodating a patron's request. Don't they show international soccer matches on the weekend?

Rather than tuning into the game, the manager turned the televisions off and suggested that we try socializing with the other patrons! Some nerve! Seeing no one but two drunk couples to my right, this did not seem like a very appealing option. Our interaction with the manager got my entire group angry and prompted us to immediately leave the bar. 

When considering that the entire back section of Fado was taped off due to a police investigation into a theft at the bar, I was really turned off. There are far other Irish pubs in Philadelphia where I can get a $6 Guinness and not have to deal with arrogant, condescending mangers. 

Go to Moriarty's. They have better food and less expensive drinks.
Rude bouncers. I would never come back. They take your money and hustle you out. Really rude. Will never return.
Good food and great place to have a pint and watch a Soccer game.

However I have 2 minor issues. 
The staff although friendly seems a little indifferent. They seem to take their time to serve you. Not necessarily a bad thing but just a little weird.

Very few choices for vegetarians. They probably have one item on their menu. Some of my friends are vegetarian and we had a tough time ordering for them

I recommend the Bangers and Mash and/or the Boxties, Good stuff.
I've been here three times now in 3 different situations and each time Fado has exceeded my expectations. 

My first experience here was meeting a friend here on a Saturday night. The dance floor was in full swing while it was still possible to order drinks at the bar relatively easily. The night grew fuzzy but we all had fun drinking and dancing. 

The second time I had to suggest a Sunday lunch spot and chose this for the simple fact that it's right by the train and I knew where it was. I had a bagel breakfast sandwich with potatoes which was hit the hungover spot to perfection. The bartender was very nice and chatted me up while I waited for my date. 

Third visit was earthquake day after a job interview; I was stranded in the city til the trains to NJ started running again. I stopped in around 3pm and the place was packed due to everyone waiting on patco. I hadn't yet had lunch and they make their drinks strong here! I had a captain and diet double tall and felt a buzz halfway through. Definitely no watered down drinks here!

Based on these 3 visits I'll definitely make a 4th!
Came for one of the Copa Americana games that was going on in Philly- USA vs Paraguay, and they gave out so much swag!! (See pic)! Fish tacos were delicious, spicy, and crunchy from the fish and veggies. Great prices, around $9, but hh is weekdays 4-7 so didn't catch it that Saturday. Place was packed that night and they have plenty of TVs of all sizes for your viewing pleasure. Could be a bit cleaner though. Friendly/fast-ish service. All in all 5/5!!
Had a great time there this past Saturday night...fun dj and dancing( surprisingly).  I had only ever been there for happy hour before and it was a fun change of pace.  Centrally located in Center City and right around the corner from Little Pete's diner!
Ahhh Fado.  If you live in Philly you probably have a love hate relationship with this place.  Love the nights when it is low key and you get a solid corner with friends.  Love the nights during the winter when you sit by the fire with a giant ale.  You may even love the nights you spend way too long there and it turns into a dance party.  The hate comes from the fact that it is the place that everyone suggests going first...there are only so many times I can go to Fado, Time, or Irish Pub.

That said, the hate doesn't outweigh the love.
I don't really like this place but can't seem to avoid it. It is a chain which is insulting but is popular with friends of mine from Ireland (figure that out). The bartenders aren't bad but they're Irish so they spend more time hitting on girls then pouring your pint of Guinness. Not too expensive. I've never been thrown out so that's a plus. It's a good place to watch soccer except for when they try to charge a cover for a game at 7:30 in the morning. Of course it is sometimes worth it to start pounding beers at 7:30 in the morning. Side note: McGlinchey's pub down the street still allows indoor smoking.
Fado is a good Happy Hour back up plan, when your first stop turned out to suck.

Wednesdays are fun, since they have Quizzo starting at 8pm.  There is decent bar food  and a nice selection of beer.  On a weeknight, you're likely to see suits and residents in scrubs.  

A fun place to take an alcoholiday.
You can't go wrong with heading to Fado's for a night out in town.

This is by far my favorite pub in Center City because not only do you have the option to dance like its 1999. But you can also have the privilege to select a wide array of beers, and they have one of my favorite Irish specialities: Magners. 

Last time I was there, me and my friend met a few Irish guys, and the next thing I knew I was pulling out my Michael Jackson moves, while creating a thriller experience for bystanders. 

Needless to say, I always have a blast.
The food hear is very good. I love going to this place. The decor is old school with book shelf's packed with leather bond books, wood paneling and stained glass windows . their are many options for seating.  I lover their CHICKEN TENDERS. Their SHEPHERD'S PIE is yummy. This place is not to price.  If you are going to a show at the a=Academy of Music or the Kimmel Center this is a close place to go. The staff is very nice.  Open until 2 except for Sunday when they close at 12pm.
For years, my friends and I went to Kildares Irish pub to do Quizzo on Tuesday nights. It remained the highlight of my week for a good 6 or 7 years. Sadly, we all eventually grew up, popped out kids and generally just lost the time and energy to keep attending. We all kept busy with our lives and had the memories of that wonderful time to recall during bad days.

This past week, I attended the Flyers Pub Quiz, to support Ed Snyders Youth Hockey presented By Flyers Faithful and hosted by Fado Irish Pub. Let me just take a minute to give a shout out to Yelps own Marcello D, for putting together an amazing and successful event. Turns out, amongst the many great decisions Marcello made, choosing Fado as the venue was one of the best. 

It definitely gave me warm flashbacks of my Irish Pub Quizzo days. Sipping Guiness while debating a trivia answer has a certain spot in my heart and Fado delivered in spades.  I only tried the wings and pickle chips, but was pleasantly envious of some of the other foods, that I saw nearby. A return trip is inevidible, as well a more fleshed out review of what Fado has to offer.

Until then, I will bask in the glow from my great time at Fado, with great company and good food, and even though my team stumbled over a few rounds, I was doing what I love and for a good cause at that.
Regretfully, we chose to eat at your establishment last night before attending a show at the local theatre. We had a group of ten and we made reservations. The service was extremely poor. We were handed two menus for ten to share, no napkins or silver ware until requested. Our drinks sat empty for several minutes and our food didn't arrive for about an hour after ordering.  When our meals finally arrived, we had to rush to eat to make our show. We made reservations at 5:15pm for a 7:30pm show. This should have been ample time to have a nice comfortable meal. Its a shame that a center city establishment located in the theatre district directly down the street from the biggest theatre in Philadelphia couldn't accomodate a party of ten with prior made reservations. Extremely disappointed.
Yeah, it's a chain restaurant but they have some killer lunch and happy hour specials which makes this spot a common meet-up spot for my husband and myself when I meet him in Center City for lunch or after work. 

Their Guinness is some of the best poured in the city. The little nook and crannies and dark wood really do remind me of a real Irish pub. 

Get their fish and chips and you will not be disappointed!
Salmon bites are my FAV actually it's the only thing I order really. That and cider bear or Long Island which for a center city joint they make them really well. TV's everywhere...cool people...great spot to catch soccer game. Everyone is into it...good times
This place sucks. As a vegan, there were hardly an options for me and the staff were not very accommodating. Also, the atmosphere is really terrible. This place is full of douchey suburbanites. I'd recommend Good Dog down the street and stay far away from this joint.
Some friends and I stopped by Fadó for lunch on a Sunday. It was empty so we had our pick of tables (there were nine of us) and the restaurant, after a bit of confusion, finally seated all of us comfortably. 

My friend and I ordered the lunch portion of fish and chips ($10) to share after giving serious thought to the Shepherd's Pie. The fish came out great - not very greasy with just enough flaky crust. My friend pointed out that the batter-to-fish ratio was excellent, and it was! The chips were also cooked well. (I'm glad I had a good fish and chips experience after my crappy meal at The Bard's a few weeks ago, blegh.) 

Another friend ordered the chicken quesadilla, which I got to taste, and for an Irish pub, Fadó did not disappoint. Everyone else's meals looked delicious (a few Shepherd's Pies, some soup & sandwich special combos) so I'll be back! 

Bonus: Fadó participates in Center City SIPS and offers Quizzo on Wednesday nights at 8 p.m.!
Dropped by to have a beer. Read the reviews and the negative ones I just don't understand. Great pub! Period. I ordered the Quesedillas based on a review. Holy Moly! Awesome!  Kudos to the chef that came up with the potato pancakes instead of a tortilla ...  Major good!  Staff is very nice. Friendly. You get treated they way you should get treated when you're a polite customer.  I'll be coming back, for sure.  Recommended this for everyone that wants to sit and have cold beer and some really really good food.
Came here with a group last night and my 26 year old friend from New Mexico had his valid license and they wouldn't take it. They took his ID to the back and came out with some booklet and said it didn't match the one they had. Get up to par with your carding services, you're a pub.
Popped into this convenient location next to the 15th & Locust PATCO stop after a show at the Academy of Music. It was loud and full of Eagles fans, so pretty busy, but we were able to get seated pretty quickly to the back of the restaurant.

PROS:  We loved the little "snugs" (what the Irish call the small booths) - just like in some of the older pubs in Ireland.

The wings were meaty and crispy, but they but the hot sauce and ranch (?) dressing in tiny cups that make dipping in them impossible. Ended up pouring them over the wings, which made for a messy meal.

CONS: Server failed to remember that we told her we were sharing the dishes, so she didn't get us extra plates.

Seeing those pop-up room fresheners on the top of shelves above us was kind of weird.

The shepherd's pie was a fail. While the mashed potatoes were tasty, the meaty layer underneath was extremely salty.

Service was OK - after our food was served, we didn't get checked on if we needed more drinks. I get it, the place was busy but still, trying to find and flag down our server was useless.
Fado is definitely one of the best football (OK, soccer) bars in the city. This review is purely of the experience of getting up early on a Saturday, getting in between 7:15am and noon, and watching some footy on the telly. 

We got to Fado at around 9:30am on a Saturday, at the end of the day's first English Premier League game but before the second started. The teams playing were relatively minor, but the bar was fairly bustling. I would estimate that there were about 40 people there, which was awesome. Part of the thing that makes this a great place to watch soccer is that there are lots of passionate fans here to watch with. There are about 10 TVs or so spread throughout the bar, including a huge projection screen. At one point, there was literally a different game on every TV, including some games that are very difficult to get feeds for (like an English Championship League game and a Scottish Premier League game). They are also very accommodating with what they will show. A couple came in and asked for them to turn on an AC Milan and they found it for them, which was nice. All in all, a great place to watch some games. 

We ordered some breakfast too, which was really fantastic. I got the "Irish-style salmon and cream cheese bagel." I'm not sure what made it Irish, but it was delicious. The interesting thing was that no one ingredient on the plate was particularly fancy; they just balanced it perfectly. It was a small everything bagel (think frozen bagel) with just a light smear of cream cheese, a layer of very fresh lox, topped with capers, onions, and freshly cracked black pepper. It came with a lemon wedge, which really served to brighten it up. On the side was a perfectly dressed salad with their house poppy dressing. My wife got the corned beef hash, which was topped with two sunny side eggs. I didn't try it, but she was raving about it. So A+ for breakfast. 

The beer selection is decent. At this hour, it's pretty standard to order a Guinness, I think (and they have some pretty serious nitro taps for the "perfect Guinness pour"), but as the day wears on, you might try something different. I recommend the Orkney Skullsplitter, which comes from Scotland's beautiful Orkney Islands. 

The service is not bad either. There was only one bartender, but she did a good job of keeping up with the whole bar. She was pretty pleasant too. 

I will definitely be back here to watch more games.
I used to love this place.  In fact, I always told my friends and family how awesome this pub was.  Last night, we went out to celebrate a very special occasion.  We waited to get seated but no one greeted us.  We stood there while three bartenders stared back at us.  Maybe they were busy?  Probably....so I walked up to the bar to ask for help with seating.  Nope....still no acknowledgment or assistance.  We felt awkward....I got the feeling they didn't want to serve us because we looked "different" than the other folks already at the place.  After about 15 minutes of patiently waiting to be greeted....we left.  What a shame and a disappointment for one of my favorite places to go.  Never again....shame on you.
Went here on a Sunday, it wasn't busy. We were promptly seated, water, and menus. I ordered a delicious fish sandwich for dinner and had an awesome ice cream brownie dessert. I loved the decor, atmosphere and the layout of the restaurant. I compared it to being at a theme restaurant in Epcot. The experience was great.
I have only been here for the nightlife. One the weekends there is always a line to get into a very very crowded space. People are drunk and trying to grind on each other so because everyone is squished together be ready to feel real intimate with people. 

It is basically a college house party with glass cups instead of solo cups. 

I have been a few times... I wait on line with my friends, get one drink, use the bathroom, and then leave... every time.

Happy hours and early evenings are probably very different. Maybe one of these days I will try that and update this review.
*** Closer to a 3.5 - but a bump up for nostalgia's sake ***

As with most cities, Quizzo is a popular thing at most bars early in the week. Fado Irish Pub is no different. The GF and I know it from our grad school days where we spent the weekend nights dancing away amidst the crowd.

But being working stiffs now, along with some friends, we decided to stop on over for Happy Hour and stayed even longer for some Quizzo. 

Maple Manhattan [$9]
Tap 357 maple rye whiskey, sweet vermouth, bitters

I went with the maple Manhattan, an even sweeter version of this classic fern-bar standby that went down smooth. Appreciated the appropriate rock as well.

Strongbow Cider [$6.75]

The GF went with the cider, which was crisp, dry, but had enough sweet and tart flavor to go down easy for the GF.

Moscow Mule [$10]
Russian Standard vodka, Crabbies alcoholic ginger beer, fresh lime juice 

We also tried the Moscow Mule which seems to be getting popular once again - along the same vein as the Manhattan. This sweet tipple was tempered by the ginger beer and the tartness of the lime.

Slow Roasted Pork Belly [$7.95]
Magners cider reduction

This was on offer as a special during Quizzo, and while these were sizable hunks of pork belly, they were a bit too tough for my liking. I didn't seem to get as much of the slow-roasted action I was expecting. The cider reduction was a nice element to the dish though, along with the bite of the green onion.

Pretzel Cup [$6.95]
Three fresh baked pretzel sticks, Harp lager cheese sauce, specialty mustard

For a city known for its pretzels, Fado's iteration is great - buttery and salty, maintaining a crisp crust on its exterior, with a softness within. The cheese sauce was accompanied by a specialty mustard that had some kick with horseradish notes. 

Topped Chips [$6.95]
Harp Lager cheese, bacon

There were a variety of topped chips on offer, including chicken curry, chimichurri, pulled lamb, or peppercorn for a dollar supplement. While they weren't crispy, they were certainly creamy and topped with a well-seasoned cheese sauce and some hearty chips of bacon.

Fish & Chips [$6.95 Quizzo Special / $9.95 Half Order Entree]
Lightly battered haddock, thick or thin cut chips, tartar sauce, house-made slaw  

For Quizzo, Fado had a $6.95 special for the half order fish and chips. The haddock's batter had a nice crisp and was fairly light, with the fish maintaining its flaky meatiness. The accompanying cole slaw had a creamy mayo-base and the thick-cut chips were well-seasoned.

Fado Gooey Double Cheese Burger [$11.95]
Two house-made gourmet patties, cheddar, pretzel roll, fries

I went with the cheesy burger, which had a unique flavor - not unlike the seasoning for a Salisbury steak. I actually enjoyed it, encapsulated in a pretzel roll. The crisp fries were creamy within and were perfect pub fare. 

Fado's also beefing up its cocktail program, in addition to an already strong beer and draft line-up. So in addition to having good pub grub and a bumpin' weekend crowd, what else do you need from an Irish pub?
I went here today for brunch and while the meal did the job, I wasn't impressed. It was just okay. To be clear, the experience wasn't bad, but we came here on recommendation, so I guess I expected the food to be better. I know it's just a pub, but when someone recommends a restaurant, I always go in with super high expectations...but then again, it all depends on who recommends...meh..butttttttt anyhow lol, I had the French toast, a side of bangers & the bottomless mimosas(which turned out to be only 3 glasses b/c we arrived at 2:15p :-(. ) The bangers were great. I could eat those everyday! ..although it was my first time trying them, so I don't have anything to compare them to other than typical breakfast sausage. The French toast however, fell very short. It had a little crispiness to it, which I enjoyed, and was topped with sliced strawberries and bananas and a strawberry rhubarb Jameson syrup. But, the flavor of it just didn't wow me. 
I also tried a bleu cheese lamb slider that my friend ordered. The flavor there was lacking too. Like everything else, it was okay, but underwhelming.

Service was pretty good. Our server was very attentive.

I probably won't make the trip downtown again to come here, unless it just so happens to be the most convenient place at that time.
This is a good Irish pub. The woodwork inside is great and the staff is very attentive. The drinks are well priced and so is the food. The food is also very good. The one drawl back is that there is not a lot of bar seating and the bar searing is broken up into a few sections, taking away from seating as well. Also be careful, on Friday and Saturday nights they clear out the bar seats around 10pm (regardless if you're still sitting at the bar or not) because it turns into a club scene. I'm disappointed this Irish pub sells out at night to the hip hop club scene.
Once again, this place has impressed me all the way up to 5 stars! 

I rolled up here with a group of 15-20 people (seriously, Indians cannot roll in crews less than 10) on Saturday around 5. We first sat at a large bench and the server with long blonde hair and glasses (she's great!) asked if we were expecting more people and suggested a new spot. It was the corner back little room. That was nice of her! Then another server asked if we wanted separate tabs. What?! That's an option with this many of us? Sweet! Totally calm, she walked around and asked every person for ID, a card, and their first name for her to log in an organized manner. Every time someone new came later on, she found them and did the same. Then she began with the orders. I have no idea how, but she was great about remembering who's beer belonged to whom. Even as people left early, she would hand them the bill and they were settled. Many of us only ordered one drink! Almost everywhere I know would undoubtedly scuff that we would put the place through all this pain just for everyone to order one drink, and put them on different cards. Nope, not Fado!

I was blown out of the water. Bravo.  Wish I got the server's name.. she was shorter, short dark hair.
Another great meal at Fado's. My family was impressed. We turned dinner into tapas style eating, sharing the Bavarian pretzel, Irish pasties, pear & bleu cheese salad, wings, salmon bites and fish and chips. Service and food was fantastic! My niece said their gin & tonics were superb. It gets packed after 6pm on a Friday. Luckily we had 5:30 reservations.
I was rather disappointed with this Fado. The one in Chinatown in DC is spectacular and one of my most favorite stateside pubs. The Fado in Philly I found lacking, especially in their customer service. Their entire wait staff were just hanging out at the bar the whole time we were there and it would have been nice to have been waited on more. We needed drink refills and it took our waitress almost 20 mins to come over to refill. My shepherds pie was also pretty tasteless, which was unfortunate since we waited over a half hour for our food and there was only one other couple seated in the entire place waiting for their food as well. If you're going to have that many people hired for the time before the dinner rush, make sure they're actually doing something and not just sitting at the bar. The music selection was also terrible. Flo Rida's song whistle in an Irish pub? Seriously? Awkward.
ahh, what to say about Fado. Ever see that Vegas commercial with the girls pretending they were someone else when they're out meeting people? Yeah, that's what happens when my girlfriends and I find ourselves at Fado. We always tell ourselves in the beginning of the night that we WILL NOT end up at Fado but a few redbulls and vods always lead us there for some reason! I think it's the fact that they do play fun, mindless 80's and 90's music. The crowd is so random and there's never a dull moment, you'll have the creepy 40 yr old with his soccer jersey on come over and try to dance with you or you'll be in the middle of the dance floor and find yourself wondering if it's Penn's International club night as you see the smart kids with their blazers and glasses on trying to grind on the dance floor. It's quite entertaining. It gets very crowded in there  but If you've already had a few drinks and want to be entertained with 80's music and the frats, the geeks and the oldheads all at once, I suggest Fado!
Wow, how did I never review Fado before?  I've been here a lot of times...  Usually, people I know want to go to another bar close by, but the lines are extremely long to get in.  When the line starts at Fado, I'd rather just go to Fado.  While I write this, I am looking at two Guinness signs I have on my wall...   I wanna be at Fado.  

I have drunkenly eaten here, but I don't remember what I got.  I always get great drinks here and they pour it right.  We came here after an event, but before the Eagles conference title game.  There was a nice crowd of people in green, but for the Eagles, not St. Patrick's day.  I never have a problem getting a drink here.
Good beer, good friends, how can that go wrong? We came here after dinner and although early (about 10 pm) it was difficult to find a place to sit, but not so packed that we couldn't find a place to stand. Luckily, that place was by the bar. The beers are good. After 11 or midnight (I lost track of time), some tables were cleared and thus, a dance floor was created! Good music! Awesome.
I have gone out here many times just for the bar, and haven't eaten at Fado until just last week.  I was pleasantly surprised with my meal.  Though none of the entrees jumped out at us my friends and I decided to split some of the small plates and appetizers.  
It was happy hour so we got lucky.  The drink specials are pretty good, $5 glasses of wine are always fine by me.  The small plates are $5 at happy hour as well.  I love a good fish taco, and theirs stack up, a red pepper aoli adding the perfect amount of kick.  The "chip" selection, actually fries, which shouldn't be confusing but was to us, too much wine already, was great and the different dipping sauces were a good twist on normal fries.  The wings are good, but the portion was small.  We were split on the quesadilla as its made with the potato boxty, I'm not a huge fan of the texture, but my friends loved it so its definitely a matter of taste. 
The service was phenomenal, Maria was so sweet, and knowledgeable about the menu.  We were in a slight rush because we were seeing a show and told her, and everything came out promptly! She even came by to tell us it was last call for happy hour to make sure we didn't want one more, even though out wine glasses were full, a huge plus in my book, and one we definitely took her up on.
Okay, I'll admit, I have an extremely hard time walking past an authentic Irish Bar. It's like a gravitational pull... Just one tho! 

Place was cool with a good vibe. Guinness poured correctly. Didn't eat tho. 

Two star reduction for how staff handled a super impaired woman who fell off her bar stool, smacking her head on a thick metal table base, knocking her out cold. Told the gals behind the bar they might want to act on that and get medical help; they didn't. I rushed over to help, and then other customers and what looked like a security guard eventually attended to her. Shouldn't let folks get that wasted.

------------------
Update
Owner reached out and explained further about the incident. Seems rather legit. Bump up to 5 stars.
This place has been around for a long time. I'd never gone in until last Summer, when my wife and I went to see Lyle Lovett at he Kimmell Center. My expectations were pretty low, in fact, but I was surprised at the quality of the food and the service. My fish and chips were just what I wanted; perfectly battered and fried, with big tasty chips and malt vinegar for the side. Cole slaw was also superb; fresh and well seasoned. My wife's burger was similarly high quality.
 I guess we answered our own question of how this place has managed to stay open for so long (at least 15 years now.)
Ignore the fact that it's a chain - in Philly Fado is a homey spot with a rowdy crowd, friendly servers, warm decor and a tried and true food menu.  It's been an old standby for years.  The possible problem with Fado is that it has been inconsistent from the kitchen over the years.  There have been whole years I have hated the place (I remember once a friend opened a shepherds pie to find it empty) - but there again other times some of my favorite food has come from there as well (when they to bangers and mash right... it's simply divine) - and lately it has been great.

Get there early for the lunch rush with a friend and beg for the fireside seats.

All that said - I want to go on record and say that I consider them five stars for Brunch.  Their all day Irish Breakfast is the perfect pairing with their bloody mary - which comes with more worcheshire than the average - giving the drink an almost steak-like appeal.  Meat eaters - enjoy.
Fado is a great place to start the night when you are with a small group.  It is an Irish Pub the way an Irish pub should be done.  Great atmosphere, friendly bartenders and servers, and plenty of alcoves (you use this word?) to tuck your small group into for some privacy.  A number of Irish beers on tap and a good selection of Irish whiskey.  

I have ordered food in the past and it was less impressive than the bar itself.  The food was overpriced and not too flavorful.  Lately, my routine when I am in this area is to get dinner elsewhere and stop here for the first round.
Great place to go with an older Family member coming into town for one night who is willing to pay for your fresh out of college meal.

I have a really tough time with Center City restaurants on Friday and Saturday nights, because places like Fado end up being a "trendy singles night' and that was never my style (warning for those that dig these types of one-nighters, Irish Bar + tons of Drunks trying to score personality points = Puke Fest 2008).  

The menu lacks personality and I feel the main attitude is "just buy more alcohol and we will taste better".

Definitely go during a weekday, because the Friday/Saturday crowd gets really jovial real quick and pay attention to the Soccer Schedule sign posted outside,because that is a good indication of Hooligan's a-foot and some serious "Bash Brother" action.  Go to misconduct across the street if you find yourself in that uncompromising situation.
This place is pretty popular with the after-work crowd. Good happy hour drinks special and the food is good.

I like how Fado has these smaller cubicle-like spaces where you could get a little cosier with your group of friends. So its ok if those noisy guys at the bar get on your nerves, Fado's big enough and you can escape from them.
best place in the city (i think) to watch any and all sports. the man united games always get paaacked and even at 8am on a sunday morning you can count on people for an awesome morning. They have good food and a good selection of beers. It's pretty big too so there is always room.
I cannot say I've been to many "Irish" pubs in the US, but I've been to a few in the UK. Because of this I'm basing my review on my personal experience there as well as observations from the many dozens of times I've walked past.
During my time in Philly I lived literally 1 minute from Fado, walking past in the day time it looked rather quaint. People seemed to be enjoying sitting outside munching on their food. Now I should have tried going during the daytime, because I ended up going in the evening.
My first attempt going here was with my girlfriend (whom had been and enjoyed it before) was not overly exciting. It was very empty. A few people at a few tables. We decided to abort.
Our second attempt was more promising than the first attempt... until closer examination. It was packed, the usual Friday night crowd from what I was told. Essentially that translated to obnoxious, drunk, confrontational student crowd. Especially from the guys. Now while I don't like to do reviews based on the crowd as it is such a wild variable, but when you go to a pub/bar in the evening, the crowd makes the establishment. The girls seemed to be acting fairly decently, but the males were dancing aggressively, knocking into girls, essentially acting only in their own interests. Even upon being asked politely to mind ones space (something a decent person does in a packed establishment) I was told to *insert impolite insult*. At which point I had enough and we decided to leave.  Hopefully that is not every Friday.
Fado probably doesn't care about what the crowd is like on days like Friday nights, but the establishment itself is nice, convenient and visually welcoming. If my experiences were nicer I would probably have frequented it a few nights a month. 
All this in disregard, if I ever return to Philadelphia I would like to patron Fado during the day and enjoy it as a proper pub setting, and I suggest you do the same.
I love to come into Fado on a Friday/Sat night.. either for a sports game or just to hang. I love that you can feel like you're at a bar but also can dance if you go into the right area. This past weekend I was here Friday night and the DJ was awesome. Always a good time if you get here before the crowds! :)
The only food that you should order here is the kind that you drink.

Most of the time I am there is to catch a soccer match.

Their food is, at best, average.  

However, I must say they have one of the best Chicken Tenders in town.  Unlikely most places where they are made dry, hard, thin and dull, the ones you get at Fado are crispy, juicy and tender.  If you don't think they are awesome, I will fight you.

I am basically there every weekend.

The End.
I must admit that I go to Fado for all the wrong reasons. The primary appeal of this place seems to be to watch sports games, particularly European sports. It's one of the few Irish pubs that I've ever visited that seems to usually be filled with actual Irish and European people.

But I generally go at lunch time, and for the actual food, which is a cut above general pub fare. Though it is pricey, it's worth it. This afternoon I visited with my husband and an out of town friend for lunch. The three of us were served by Andrew, a kind of hippy/nerd hybrid who had a great sense of humor and provided above average service.

Our total bill for the three of us came to a little over $60 with tip. That included a burger, a cheesesteak, a salad, 3 drinks, some quesadillas and a bowl of soup. Everything was excellent and they always find a way to prepare "normal" food with a twist. (For example, their quesadillas are prepared with potato pancakes instead of tortillas.)

If you're up for some quick, delicious food in the daytime, I would definitely recommend Fado. I can't speak for the nighttime fare, however, and that seems to be what people go for the most.
This is in no way a reflection of the food, but after being accused of stealing, and not even being given an, "I'm sorry", I don't think I'll ever be returning to this bar. My friend and I were accused of walking out on a check, only to return less than 24 hours later for breakfast. I am unsure why our waiter thought I would ever steal, or return to the place I had stolen from. I even pulled up the charge on my online banking to prove to him I paid the bill, but he didn't even take the moment to look at it. I frequently stop here for lunch, or to catch a soccer game, but I'd rather find another place to watch and eat, than to be accused of being dishonest. I'll continue to visit other Fado locations, but not this one.
I'm rating this restaurant a 1 star not based upon my service but what I saw from another server taking advantage of a very drunk patron at the bar. I was sitting at the bar enjoying my time with friends when I noticed a very drunk girl at the bar slurring her words and being very confused. In about 10 minutes, a server approached her and acted flirtatious and then asked for her number, even taking her phone and punching in his own number. This was very unprofessional and I knew he was still working because he went to a table and took their order. The bartenders even noticed and shook their head at him. This makes me very disappointed in the craft of your staff. People get drunk at a bar, but they should never be taken advantage of by a server.
This place is really nice. I was a Wednesday "pub quiz" regular for a long time. My friend Rory hosts their quizzo and does an amazing job at it. He even won best of philly in a recent year. He does about 8 rounds, including a music round, category round and picture round. It starts at 9 pm so be prepared to be there for a couple hours and I'd suggest getting there at 8:15-8:230 to guarantee you get a table. They have cheap pitcher specials during quizzo, it used to be sam adams, not sure if it still is. They also have really good food. Everything I have eaten there has been delicious. You also get really good prizes for coming in first-third place in quizzo ($$ off your bill from the night!) 

4 friends and I went to their halloween quizzo a couple years ago and won best costume dressed up as the breakfast club. We won $500. I will upload the group picture to my yelp pictures so you can all see, if you'd like. 

The bar overall, is very, very nice. It is large, with tons of seating, a large bar, and lots of tvs to watch sports on.  I think it is a beautiful bar with dark wood throughout. 

I've only been on the weekends a couple times but it has always been really crowded so we've never stayed long. If you get there early enough to get a table, you'd be set for the night though.
Extremely RACIST. For a bar that's well known to love
Soccer and celebrate different cultures, they're extremely offensive towards Asians. Never have My friend and I been so offended to be called a "terrorist" and "Chinese" in such a derogatory way. 

My friend and I stepped out to make a phone call to find someone since the inside was too loud to hear anything and the bouncer TIM wouldn't let us back in. He had seen us walk out the door, but insisted they were over capacity even when we had JUST STEPPED OUT. He refused to let us in and said to the both of us "you're a terrorist and you're Chinese". It was because of his ignorant attitude towards Indian- and Chinese-Americans he refused to let us back in.
Hands down the best Irish pub in Philadelphia. No bar In Philadelphia is an authentic Irish pub, but this place definitely comes the closest. everything from the Guinness on tap, to the dark wood and leather decor is there. And the place is as big and cavernous as the larger scale Ireland bars. Its a good place to either be one in a large crowd (it does get crowded) or chill in one of it's many ample sized corner rooms with a group of your finest friends. it is very accommodating for both scenarios.
The service here is top notch and the food goes well beyond the usual bar food expectations. Fado also has a really good quizzo night that is worth checking out. It is also the best place to go for checking out every game in the world cup. even if you don't particularly like football (not calling it soccer) you will instantly be glued because of how lively the atmosphere of the bar becomes.
This place is decent, in the classical American 'faux Irish' kind of way. The food is great and the selection of beer is good. I went here a few times to watch the football and really enjoyed it. It's nice, if a tiny bit 'trying too hard' if you know what I mean? I expect I'll go again, many times.
Great happy hour deals! My friends and I ordered all of the happy hour appetizers for a light meal. The cheesy potato wedges with bacon and scallions were great, as was the pita and hummus. The fish tacos were good overall, but the use of plain hot sauce on top was a bit odd. We all loved the hot pretzel with both cheese and mustard on the side.
If ever you're a drunken mess stumbling and struggling to a bar for that final shot of Goldschlagger and Rumplemintz, and you're looking for a bartender who won't judge you for a combination that will undoubtedly put you into the abyss of forgetful inebriation, Fado is the perfect pub for your last rite...before goodnite.
I've been here a few times with friends after work and it's consistently been good to me.

Fado (when I've been there) provides a nice place to converse with your friends. It's not too loud. The beer selection is solid and the food always looks/smells fantastic, I've yet to order anything.

Although the beer selection is good, it's quite limited. I am, however, impressed that they have beer-specific glassware for just about every beer they carry.

Another sad point is that they don't have any drink specials. I've been there a few times and they have happy hour food specials but did not tell us about any drink specials, so I am led to believe that there are none, so drinks can get fairly pricey.

The atmosphere is nice and the servers that I've had have been attentive and quick. I'll definitely return here. I was not blown away by the beer selection or price, but the atmosphere and the ability to go to a pub, have a few good beers and talk without having to worry about loud music or loud people are what will bring me back.
Pretty solid spot to go for a drink or a bite to eat.  Weekends the place is super crowded with a lot of young people.  It's a decent time, but I prefer more room to breathe.  I really like the food and atmosphere here though.  Accomplishes the Irish pub feel for sure.  Lots of soccer fans or football or whatever you want to call it.  Again, not my thing, but kind of cool there's a spot for those who do like it.  

If you're going to eat I can give you some suggestions.   The cheese dip and wedges are incredible.  I'm nearly certain the wedges are potato but they just look like pita triangles basically.  They're amazing with the cheese dip.  Also, the quesadilla is made with these same wedges and that really makes it special.  I enjoyed the pulled lamb french dip as well.  Great lamb flavor.  Not too much going on, just a simple sandwich.  The best thing to get is on the dessert menu.  If you are craving something sweet then the black and tan brownie with Guinness ice cream is your dessert!  I know it sounds odd, but the flavors are no where near overwhelming and if they were, I would not order it.  Love the mixture of warm and cold.  Definitely in my top five of all desserts in Philly.  Its amazing.  Looking forward to visiting again.  Cool little pub.
simply put, grab a table outside, enjoy a $5.45 pint of guiness, and enjoy the people-watching.
I used to love Fado, frequented it and brought friends there often. However, I will never return. On Halloween 2014 I was pick pocketed and my iPhone was stolen. I crawled all over the dance for looking for my phone with no help from the bouncers or management. I came to find out that there was a vast number of us young girls that had been pick pocketed and our phones stolen. When we brought this to the attention of the management they told us to call the police and that they would not even consider having the DJ make an announcement. My boyfriend and I are loyal customers, if we feel at home at a bar we make it a priority. Fado had been one of our favorite bars. I have brought friends from  out of town to this establishment and preached to them how great it was. However, tonight myself and multiple other girls were disrespected by the management. If you value what you contain in your purse or pocket, do not venture into Fado. The management does not care about its customers or their safety. It is a rachet mess, best of luck to them.
It's not so bad really, when it's a quiet night and you're in center city and want to get a drink and watch the game, it's easy to get to and really alright.

It's fine, I could go into the soliloquy that Louis CK said about "the rug" but I'm not sure it would pass the filters.

The draft list is poor for philly, the crowd can get a little um... how to say... it can turn in to people you really would never want to talk to, interact with, catch out of the corner of your eye sort of group.

The setup of the bar is a little confusing and has odd crooks and crannies that make sight lines poor, which is kinda disorienting, but all in all... I mean yeah...
Came here for he first time this past weekend and enjoyed everything. We had the cheese dip and wedges as the app which was soooo good. For entree I had some chicken bowl and my boyfriend had the reube. Mine was nothing special but I didn't expect it to be coming from an Irish pub. The Reuben on the other had was stuffed and thoroughly enjoyed
Parking: There is a garage nearby. For about  2 hours we paid $20 on a Sunday. There is street parking, but good luck locating an empty spot!

Ambience: We were seated quickly. There wasn't much crowd for brunch time- just a few people at the bar. The lighting inside the restaurant isn't the greatest, which made it difficult to see. 

Food: The corned beef sandwich was delicious! It came with a Chicken Tortilla soup in a small bowl that was mediocre at best. The price was very reasonable for the meal. My sister ordered a side plate of Bangers. According to her they were just as good as the ones she had in Ireland. 

Service: Our waitress was friendly and checked-in often. She made sure to keep filling the Bottomless Bloody Marys, which made everyone happy!

If you are in the mood for Irish food make sure to give Fado a try.
Food is decent. Bar is great. 

I would advise heading there for happy hour, they have some solid deals.
Went for brunch and supper and don't have too much to say. The menu has good Irish food and the service was good except for a bartender which seemed unhappy with me (and anyone who knows me knows that I usually just accept incorrect orders and mistakes without saying a thing). The atmosphere is perfect though and they have a great beer selection.
way too expensive but offers a nice dark atmosphere for drinking.
Food
I've been here for pretty much every meal... because it's really close to my apartment.

A bit overpriced for regular food, but it's decent.

The happy hour portions are kinda small and the drink specials are not that cheap

The smoked salmon boxty thingies are really good.

Outdoor seating is good for people watching.

Their brunch is surprisingly good, and great for when you're hungover (because it's pretty dark and the food is heavy).  

Hangover Sandwich is great.

Bar
This place actually turns into a crazy grindfest on Friday and Saturday nights. which is awesome. They will play every song you ever memorized all the words to, and every song that comes on you're like YES I LOVE THIS SONG. and by that I mean, a lot of 90s music.

Every single guy at this bar WILL be wearing a collared shirt. just fyi.
Generic philly irsh pub, with the typical beer selection. This place gets packed on the weekends. It can be really hard to get a drink in there. Its a wierd crowd, mostly mid-20's, with a high ratio of d-bags. 

Fado seems to be an active pickup joint considering I was grinded by a bachlorette party on the way to the bathroom, and my finance was groped by another woman in the ladies room! 

Not a good place for an after-dinner beer , but a good option for large groups looking to act like morons.
Fun place to go out to on a Friday or Saturday night. Food is pretty good though a little expensive for what you get. Overall, if you like soccer, Guinness, or a fun night out, Fado is a solid place to go.
We had to wait a few minutes for a table, we were visiting on Saturday during March Madness in 2015, but the service was very good and out food was phenomenal. I ordered the steak boxty and it was delicious. I paired my entree with a a Crabbie's cocktail of ginger beer and Jameson whiskey. Would definitely re-visit next time I am in Philadelphia.
