I really cannot stand Fairmount Pizza. I have given them enough chances and even though it is very close to my apartment, I will wait longer to get delivery elsewhere.

I have had the pizza several times, it is too greasy and bland for me. Too much cheese, the crust sucks, and they use those nasty canned mushrooms that no human being should ever have to eat outside of a bomb shelter.

I also had the worst cheesesteak of my life here. The meat tasted like it had been cooled and reheated multiple times. It was chewy and had hardly any cheese on it. And they forgot the onions. City View's steaks are masterpieces compared to Fairmount Pizza.
It's been a long long while since I took a gamble on this place again. I came with a friend over the summer and just ordered a slice. It was unremarkable and dry. Yes, I said dry. I don't know how that's possible when the problem is usually the opposite. I decided not to remark on it since my star rating was already the lowest it could be. 

I gave them a third and unfortunately final try. I got a chicken cheese steak and a turkey hoagie because I couldn't decide which I wanted more. Both were bad. The cheese steak was cut in large chunks of meat not finely chopped like most places do and the taste was not great either. The turkey on the hoagie was not good as well. Check my pic of the thick layer of fat on the slices of meat. No one wants to bite into that. Only gave an extra star for the friendly customer service at the window.
While waiting for my slice of pizza, the cashier sneezed in her hands and did not wash her hands.  She proceeded to open up a new pack of cups without washing her hands.  I said something to her and she got a tissue and wiped her hands, no soap and water.  I told the manager and he talked their language and laughed about it I'm assuming because I did not understand the language.  Anyhow they lost a faithful customer.  I know it won't hurt the business but some things are just not arguable.  The cashier should have washed her hands, she deals with food and this review would've been avoided.
One of my best friends lives around the corner from here and the majority of my meals here have not been sober meals. Late night cheesesteaks and slices after far too many whiskeys at a nearby bar or mid-morning egg sandwiches trying to thwart a hangover the next day - they're open late at night and they open early in the morning. Yum! For those reasons, Fairmount gets 5 stars! 

But  I had a sober slice the other day. I know, I know, what am I doing sober on the east coast - particularly in Philly?? But sometimes it happens. My friend even commented that she's never seen the pizza that greasy. But it was still good. And cheap. And convenient. Kind of like Philly itself. And much better than any slice you'll find in San Francisco, I'll tell you that much for free.
I have dreams about their Barbeque Chicken Pizza. 5 stars based solely on that.

Honestly I could care less about anything else they serve there. It's probably the only reason I go there so much. 

They're also open late when you have mad night munchies and you never have to wait long.
My first and last time getting a cheesesteak from this place it was so dry, legit a couple of thin slices of cheese on the bread (not mixed in with the meat) and not enough meat even on the roll.  I'm highly disappointed that I would ever be served a cheesesteak in philly of all places that's this underwhelming.  Please if your looking for a good steak do not order it from here you will be extremely disappointed by what you just spent 13 dollars on.
I wish I could give it 3.5 stars... they don't deserve the 4 (Becase of the bread), but a 3 is just too low. 

We ordered to go. Which I will say, their togo ordering online is not only easy, but super cool! It comes with a minute to minute information on where your food is. I have never had anything like it! We knew when the pizza was done, when the car left... its genius!

The bread that came with the salad was gross... it was basically stale raw bread. The salad was good and fresh, not your typical "Hosue salad". We got the margareita pizza which was awesome. The crust was my favorite, as well as the sauce. It tasted homemade, and the crust was thick, bubbly and crisp. MMmmmMMM.
Horrible, horrible, horrible customer service! I've purchased food from here before but it was usually via an online app. Today, I decided to stop in since I was driving by. I'll never spend money here again. You don't come in people's neighborhood and treat them like ish...I don't care what your preconceived notions are. I saw others being treated unfairly and I just happened to have nasty attitudes come my way after asking about a menu item. 

I'll shout that from the roof tops! Plenty of other places to go that not supporting this business will be more than easy! Go some place else!
These people really need to get a real pizza oven. As much as I despise conveyor-belt pizza, though, theirs isn't the most offensive I've had. They put on too much cheese, which makes a pool of grease form in the center of the pie. Gross. And the crust really sucks, even more so than most Philly pizzerias'. Did I mention that Philly pizza sucks? However, their saving grace is their turkey breast hoagie. They make it with cutlets of breast instead of lunch meat, and it's pretty delicious. Now that I've discovered Luigi's Pizza Fresca, though, and the Museum Market for hoagies, I will never order from Fairmount again. Hallelujah.
No pizza should be delivered, ANYwhere like this... most ESPECIALLY  during a pandemic!!! Was just trying to, continue, supporting a business I know.  SO sad...
Wish I could tell you why this place is always jumping but alas, I can't find ANYTHING.  Oh wait, location.  That's it.  

They're located a few blocks from where I work so I've ordered a handful of times.  Breakfast is terrible.  Runny scramby eggs one time, burnt the next, homefries that are barely cooked, every time.  Pizza is abysmal, but finding good pizza in Philly is a crapshoot.  Subs/steaks are OK, but I have to recommend City View sammiches over Fairmount.  

Someone should teach these guys how to cook.  It's a waste of prime real estate.
I was a little upset with Fairmount tonight. Because I placed an ordered over the phone for dinner and My Husband went to pick te food up. When he came home the fries was cold and the turkey burgers was hot. So I called back to let them know and the lady that answer the phone at like she had an attitude. They made some more but We had to go back and pick them up. Why don't they bring them to Us or give Us a credit. We put them in a Ziploc large bag to take them back. The tast of the turkey burger wasn't the best. I won't be ordering a turkey burger Deluxe anymore. And this was my first time ordering that. I always order pizza or the wings and that's what I'm sticking to.
They have amazingly tasty pizza! Located on the corner of Fairmount and 20th street - I highly recommend anyone in the area craving a delicious slice (or an entire pie) to visit this place. It's remained open during the pandemic - they are following guidelines and only offer window service to pick up orders.
Unfortunately, I have to give my second visit a 3 star again. My bf and I were coming home from the airport late at night and this was the only pizza spot that was still open. We had no other option. 

We ordered a small pepperoni and Greek Salad. The total was $27, which is a bit ridiculous for the size, quantity and quality. The pizza was again a hard no. My bf wanted me to leave a 2 star for this review, but I am only leaving a 3 because the salad was very nice and refreshing. I chose the house made vinaigrette which was tasty. This place is too pricey for greasy (possibly frozen) pizza. Again, it was open late at night and we were hungry so we stopped here.
There's a dirty side to me. You see, while my preferential foods involve thinly sliced serrano ham, liquified olives and marinated Mozzarella rounds speckled with dried peppers, I do occasionally enjoy a fat slice of pizza oozing with the slimiest, drippiest, greasiest cheese amalgamation.

Fairmount Pizza and Grill seemed to have just the right fix for my late night "I want bacon on French Fries with gravy and cheese" craving...but something just didn't mesh...or not mesh properly. For as much fat and cream laden on that pile of white fries, I shouldn't have expected any crispiness...but there wasn't any salt flavoring either. And...after all, what is fat without sodium?

The pizza was fine - the crust rather decadent for those of us heathens who indulge in fat, doughy crusts and slightly undercooked centers. (No, but srsly, this was a good thing.) But the dripping cheese, again, lacked a salty edge. It seemed to slide right off the pizza, leaving food-goes with nothing but a lightly sauced soggy piece of dough.
Once in a blue moon I have a taste for something from Fairmount like a pizza, and a caesar salad or and a chicken cheesesteak. The last time I had a chicken cheesesteak it had a bone in it. I called Fairmount Pizza talk to the manager he told me that the chicken don't have bones in it. I had a bone and it almost broke my tooth. And all the manager did was apologize so I had to throw the chicken steak away because I was going out of town and I couldn't take a back. The next time I brought a small cheese pizza and the pizza was so greasy that I could've grease my whole head.  So I took a paper towel and dab it to take the grease off the pizza. Today my husband ordered from Fairmount again and I ordered the grilled chicken caesar salad. And I forgot the romaine lettuce was a recall and the person that took the order didn't let my husband know so I had iceberg lettuce that tastes watered down and they put little sprinkle of  parmesan cheese and the croutons had no taste and the chicken tenders was hard to cut. I used to like their food. Don't know if they change the cook or cut back on their product. But they need to get it together and I know I'm not the only one that it has problems with this restaurant. I'm going to leave them alone for a while and try other restaurants in the neighborhood. Or I might try another one of their locations.
I ordered a pizza and a sandwich off GrubHub. Called the restaurant after an hour and a half of waiting. The lady said it was delivered and it wasn't. She said they called my phone which was not true because I have my phone and there's no calls. when I asked her to tell her delivery boy to prove he called my number to her she said you're gonna have to call GrubHub and hung up instead of resolving the issue. The moral is they robbed me of $34 and didn't care to get to the bottom of the issue I've ordered from them many times I will never order from them again.
I've had countless meals from this place, and they have all been mind-blowing. I'm not talking about decent, cheap, corner store pizza. I mean mind-blowing. 

Not sure what they put in their food (probably crack), but it's unusually good, very fresh, and always HUGE portions of it. 

I'd recommend the pizza of course, the gyro platter, the grilled salmon salad, and the chicken parm pasta (you could eat this for three whole meals with the amount of food in it).
When I came here with my friend Darien, my impression of this place was already made. It was a bit crowded, so I automatically assumed the pizza and wings here were great! My friend ordered 30 winds (Mild, hot and medium). Then with a bit money left over, we bought 2 Fiesta pizzas. 

 We first ate the Fiesta pizza. Although the veggies weren't fresh, the overall taste of the pizza was delicious. The red sauce was hinted with sweetness, with a kick of jalapeño peppers and other such toppings. After we got our wings, we couldn't say much about it. The wings are typical, in a light oily buffalo sauce. But the meat was juicy, well made. 
30 Wings and 2 gourmet pizzas for 27 bucks. Extra cost for the multi sauce order.

 The environment isn't so great, like most pizzerias. But that wasn't important, if you want to grab something fast to eat, this place would defenitly be worth the grub.
I honestly believe that my family has personally played a huge role in the business of this establishment for the past twenty years, therefore I'm giving it five stars. 

Fairmount Pizza is just plain great. It definitely surpasses other local pizza joints in quality of food and menu options. Their bread is phenomenal, even their rolls and pressed-sandwiches. 

I don't eat much red-meat, so I always opt for chicken or turkey and they're both very good here. No gristles, no grease. Their turkey is homemade turkey, not that air-packaged, Oscar Meyer stuff that poses as lunch meat. I love their turkey and honey mustard panini. 

Their salads are enormous, with generous portions of high-quality feta and meats. Their breakfast is great, too. 

Made-to-order personal pizzas or large pizzas are always better than grabbing yourself a slice (in my opinion). Their crust is carb-worthy, the only establishment where I can't give my crust to my dog because I'm too selfish. Sorry, Charlie. 

Their wings are surprisingly great, and so are their cheese-fries (mmhm, it's that good Philly whiz!) and if you order them together, you're having yourself a party. 

Thank you, Fairmount Pizza, for always being there for me when I needed you the most.
SOME ONE NEEDS TO TELL THIS PLACE TO BUY THEIR CHICKEN FROM A NEW COMPANY!! EW EW EW! I always like to give a restaurant benefit of the doubt when it comes to a bad dish.... but this is my third (different) chicken dish that has been GROSS! There is so much fat and ligaments left in their "chicken" that I wind up spitting out every 5th bite. This disgusting fact has ruined yet another meal from this restaurant :/ I hope they can fix this problem because other aspects of their dishes have been good. My only other suggestion is that you look into a recipe for tzatziki for your gyros as the current sauce tastes like mayonnaise
My preferred neighborhood pizza joint. The various topping pies, wraps (nod to the chicken fajita), and buffalo wings are all above average.

I'm also a fan of the convenience of ordering ahead through the Yelp24 app. Insider tip: you receive 10% off your first order when placed through Fairmount's actual website (easier to do from a web browser vs. mobile device). Skip the line and save a couple bills.
There is not much to write home about here. If you are looking for a hangover cure, and just want some greasy junk-food (which...let's be honest, isn't the worst thing,) then this spot is for you.

Fairly priced. Good portions of food. 

There is nothing about this place that makes you feel like they go above and beyond. Just a simple transaction. Great spot for local neighborhood and last minute food decisions. 

They have a chipotle chicken wrap, which was good, but again, very messy.  The pizza is standard. They have lots of options with different toppings, so nice spot if you want to try something new or multiple things.
Pizza is okay just another neighborhood place. Like Pete's and Luigi's. I dont really choose one over the other. The cheesesteaks are solid like the other places. 

The stromobli is pretty good. I'll give them that.
Fairmount Pizza easily one of the best pizza spots in NP. Especially on this side of Broad. The workers are cool. Get the fiesta pizza. It's bomb!
Cheap and greasy! And always so nice when I call to order. Any alterations to my order that I want, they provide. The delivery is an extra $1.

I love their pizzas (BBQ chicken and then I add pineapple) and the salads are pretty good (remember to ask for darker greens and they'll give em).

One of my secret joys is the flute quesadillas.
chicken cheesesteaks with grilled onions and extra ketchup!

SLOBBER!
This neighborhood pizza joint has turned into one of my frequents if I am taking a walk up there. 

I get one and only one thing here which is pretty damn good - the slice of their Fiesta pizza which consists of chicken, tomato, peppers. onion and your regular stuff ? 

Nothing crazy going on here, your regular pizza spot with normal customer service and a good take-out or delivery spot.
My expectations were not high. I was prepared for greasy slop. So imagine my surprise when the big ol' slice of bbq chicken had a delightfully crunchy crust, a generous helping of chicken and a good proportion of bbq sauce to cheese. The plain piece did not fare as well, but it was eaten second and the crispy crust may have suffered. 

The clientele make for good peoplewatching, and though their ordering/pickup system is a little disorganized, the slices came up fast and hot.

Way to have a pretty good slice of pizza, Fairmount. I may have dificulty deciding whether to come here or Luigis in the future...
I'm really into this pizza joint. 

I'm willing to say it's one of the best in Philadelphia. 

You walk in, there's pizza under the glass. You can grab a slice or order a whole pie. I've only ever had the pizza and mozz sticks so I can't attest to anything else on the menu, but my mouth is legit watering thinking about it/ writing this post. 

The staff seems friendly. I've never had a problem. You can get delivery if you live in the area, just check out their website for delivery options. 
* they even save your login info for future pizza reorders. 

It's not fancy but you're welcome to dine in. They offer all the great additional toppings for that slice your about to get ie. Parm, chili flakes, garlic, salt, pepper.... you know the classics. 

you should try this place out. Plus added bonus for warmer months there's ice cream right next door.
Very good pizza, probably one of the best in the area. Always delivers in a timely manner. I think I would give a 5 star if the pizza was excellent and prices were better. But for the area, definitely a step above most and in line with area prices. Good place to order from for sure. And I like that they set up a donation to a good cause.
Ordered our team meeting. Food delivered. Driver accused me of not paying for my food over the phone prior to him delvering. Driver hestiant to call. After a discussion driver called store and was assured that I paid over the phone. Driver was asked about our free soda. Driver stated I didnt order enough for free soda when clearly my receipt showed. I called the store. Store accused me of not having chicken instead of salmon when I can clearly see and smell chicken. I was instructed to send food back with driver. Driver arrived again still no free soda even though driver was tipped very well. Store called me back an additional time to accuse me again of not sending food back or receiving wrong order. 
I dont know who owns this place but they are ridiculous never again.
I don't know why this place is always packed, the pizza is NOT good. It's decent, but with better options around (Angelinos, Pizza Vetri) I recommend treating yourself to something a little better. The fries have no flavor and needed to be in the fryer a little longer.
Fine place for a quick slice but wouldn't order "dinner" from there. 

This place is good for a slice, especially after a long night of drinking. We wanted a nice night in and ordered a whole pie from there last night and it was extremely greasy and soggy. We also ordered a Stromboli which was basically a thin pizza crust with watery cheese on the inside.
I've been here a few times now, and it's been mediocre. This last time was probably the worst. I ordered a panini with fries at 5:59. It took them until 6:25 to make it. That's right. I waited almost a half an hour for a hot sandwich and fries. I watched one-by-one as people who ordered after me got their orders.The woman at the counter never made eye contact with me and seemed to not even care that I was the only one standing there after the crowd had disappeared. When I asked about my order, she barely looked at me or looked for my order and just said it wasn't ready.

Finally the cook in the back asked me what I ordered and it came about 5 minutes later. I guess this is par for the course for them, because I didn't even get an apology for that long wait.  To make matters worse, the panini wasn't all that great and I cringed at even paying $9 for the meal when I could have grilled some chicken and thrown some cheese and gauc on it at home. The fries maybe made up for it, but nothing can make up for their poor customer service. I go to Philly Flaves a lot, but I think I'll skip on Fairmount if I'm ever in the area again.
I stopped by Fairmount pizza on a whim and was pleasantly surprised. The menu was quite extensive, but their specialty is clearly pizza. I love the glass case they have by the ordering area displaying the slices available. I selected my slice and watched as it was popped into the oven. Someone walked in a few minutes later and ordered the same kind of slice. A confused worker erroneously gave that man my slice, but I wasn't too worried about it, despite being very hungry. The pizza was simply delicious. It had a New York style crust - it was thin and somewhat crispy. I will definitely stop in again.
We ordered 3 salads , ( we had been ordering from this place every day ) .
One salad had   a sharp, hard  black plastic piece in the food , the other had someone else pasta ( as I mentioned in a salad , nothing to do with pasta !) the last salad the  chicken was bad and had a disgusting flavor, I have to strongly believe it was expired chicken!   
We will never order from here again!!
I love the pizza here.  I got a tomato pie which wasn't too bad.  It was a bit too spicy for me but their other pizzas are really good.  My hubby loves their white pizza--very aromatic with garlic.  Quick delivery.
I'm not sold on Fairmount Pizza. A lot of people I know will rave about this place, but I just don't see the draw.

I've gotten pizza from here a few times and each time it's been a pretty limp and greasy slice. I mean, it gets the job done, but it certainly isn't anything to go telling home about.

The best thing about this place is its convenient location if you are in the Fairmount area and want to grab something cheap. That being said, I think it should open past 11pm because I am sure that they could get a lot of good business from the drunks of fairmount late night. Just a thought!
Please don't get food from here.  These people don't know how to run a business.  My girlfriend and I ordered 3 slices of pizza thinking hey lets support a local spot during covid.  Big mistake.  They get the order wrong and instead of delivering the correct order that THEY messed up the manager demands another $2.25 for delivery.  So they mess up the order and then nickle and dime OVER 2 dollars to fix the mistake that they created.  The manager here is an absolute idiot and has no idea how to run a business.  Never coming back here again.  And hey @Manager its three slices of pizza guy its not rocket science u fool.  Maybe its time to finally get that GED??
Do you have another option? Are you sure? Have you tried cooking something? Positive? Gopuff is still open, I'm just saying.
this place is horrible they dont speak or understand english and will mess your order up and take youur money !
Totally average.  Not clean, not dirty.
Not good, not bad.
Not tasty, not yucky.

Just 
Plain
MEH.
My friend and I discovered this gem at random. We were tourists so he ordered a cheesesteak and I a chicken cheesesteak. We both found our meals quite tasty and gave us a taste of Philadelphia. The place was quite busy yet we still found a table. The only issue is that I ordered a diet soda and the cashier rung it up as a diet Snapple and I had to ask multiple times to correct it.
This is honestly the worst pizza I've ever had. I ordered delivery and the pizza came with all of the cheese slid off to one side and the crust was so soggy you can't even pick up a piece. I called the store and they wanted me to drive to them and bring the pizza back, what's the point of delivery then? The fries and garlic knots arrived cold and inedible. Order dominos I will literally never order food from here ever again and will actively work to make sure everyone I know is never subjected to the worst pizza place known to man, aka Fairmount Pizza.

It should be federally illegal for this place to exist.
2.5 stars.

I ordered pizza here tonight and it was a mixed experience. On the one hand, I liked being able to get slices of different flavored pizza.  The BBQ sauce on the BBQ chicken pizza was pretty good. The chicken itself had some spices without being overly obnoxious. The Buffalo chicken slice tasted somewhat like the wings of the same name, though not quite as tangy as I expected. Both pieces of pizza were pretty greasy, which I wasn't thrilled about. The cheese wasn't anything to write home about, but it wasn't bad either. 
    I was able to get a fountain drink instead of getting ripped off paying out the ass for a 20oz bottle of soda like most of the other establishments charge around here. 

This was an OK place in all. I might go back if I was really hungry and I didn't feel like going to Pete's or City View. 

Oh yeah, my mom isn't greasy.
Overall, it's a decent place. the service leaves something to be desired. I've walked in there numerous times, and had my order forgotten about. The staff's attitude is terribly. 

The pizza is good, but with offerings like the Illuminaire up the street, you can do better.
Bad service today ..they gave me a cold pizza after waiting 15min for fries a pizza.. I bit tbe pizza and told the worker it was cold and she said she can reheat it.. How can you reheat a pizza a bit?? And then she told me I would need to go to counter to get it..after standing at count waiting for food. Smh not happy here today very disappointed
Visiting from out of state and wanted an authentic cheese steak came with friends and was told just to try their pizza and found out why they literally placed slices of cheese on the bread and toasted it in the oven and then dumped what looked like Steak Ums on top and the side of fries were over cooked. So disappointed, however my friends swore by the pizza being the most delicious pizza ever so that the only reason this review isn't a one star. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY JUST ORDER THE PIZZA NOTHING ELSE.
Get the fiesta pizza. Trust me. It is spicy and delicious. Even during Lent I'll order without the chicken.
.
Friendly, organized staff and quick service make this a gem in Fairmount. No frills pizzeria with plenty of types of pre-made pies to choose from. Fountain sodas as well as canned sodas to choose from. Reasonably priced.
We are loyal Fairmount pizza delivery orderers. We order nearly every Friday night with the same items and it is consistently the quality we expect and love. However, last night the pizza dough was all wrong and the cheese was different too. 

I feel like our food order was outsourced to someone who didn't know what they were doing.
I ate a tuna grinder from this place the other night a proceeded to get violently ill--just saying... Maybe it has something to do with that nasty white slime the oozes onto the sidewalk from the alley behind the establishment.  No idea why I ate there...
I've only had two things at fairmount pizza but everytime it is consistently good.

Buffalo chicken cheese steak: 
This hoagie is amazing. Fairmount nailed the sauce with a good amount of spice and generous on the blue cheese. It is always served fresh and hot. During exam season, I crave this bad boy.

Pizza is the best in the area. this doesn't mean its the best pizza ever but the fairmount area seems to be slacking in this area. 

Fairmount pizza is great and i definitely enjoy eating their food. 

My only gripe is that the sitting area is not the cleanest. This doesn't bother me much since I usually take my food to go, but they could improve on.
Great Pizza!!!!  This place has a large variety of pizza toppings and great prices.  It is quick (probably better for take out or pick up, inside seating is limited), and delicious.  They not only have pizza though, they have breakfast, lunch, and dinner foods as well.  

I would highly suggest trying one of their pizza slices with yummy toppings at a great price!
We have ordered from here an embarrassing number of times. Never had anything really sub par and I think we've tried just about everything on the menus. We're big fans of the veggie grinder, their pizza with roasted rd pepper topping gyro platter, salads. Good, dependable fast deliver rain or shine.
Pizza was freshly made with great ingredients, I especially liked their stuffed steak pizza, which I went back for two days in a row. I had pizza fries for the first time here, and I loved those, lots of cheese and great tasting pepperoni's. I'd recommend this place to anyone.
Great pizza, much better than just a run-of-the-mill Philly pizza place.  But what is the staff's deal?!?!  I've never seen a more unhappy-looking group of people at a work establishment, and the counter girls are some of the meanest, downright unpleasant people I've experienced.  Nowadays I will only order delivery so as to avoid all these curmudgeons
They have stepped their pizza game up. 
Their fiesta chicken is banging! 
The prices are very fair, the delivery is super fast. I'm not a big fan of the burritos but all around I recommend  Fairmount pizza
Tried to order pizza from them on the night after a snowstorm. I knew delivery would be a while because of the roads and I was prepared for that. I placed my order and they told me that it would be about an hour. I called about an hour and 10 minutes after placing my order to check on the status of it to find out THAT THEY NEVER EVEN PLACED MY F-ING ORDER! 

I asked them how long it would be to place it again and they said 45-1hour. Are you kidding me?! You'd think if you messed up my order by not putting it in that they would maybe quickly fire it up before some of the other orders? Guess not. 

I'll never try and order from here again.
A friend picked up some pizza for us from here and we all liked it a lot. The pizza was just what I want for drinking with beer. Good standard pizza.
If you're looking for some pizza (not thin crust like you'd get at a place like Stella in old city), and this place will deliver to you, I would seriously recommend it.  Get a sausage with green peppers and onion, or a pepperoni.  They do the classics really well here.  The sauce, cheese, crust are all top notch.  

I only give it 4 stars because I tried the cheesesteak once, and it wasn't great.
Wow what a rude girl that answered the phone. She should be fired. The only reason I stayed on the phone with that rude person  was because it's 10 pm on a snow day. Only option. But probably never again.
I went here last night with my boyfriend and we got a pizza pie half pepperoni and half White II and it was so good! The crust was a little burnt but still good pizza. Very garlicky on the white pie which I loved! I will go here again!
Tried their pizza and cheestake. It's OK, nothing about it that makes it different from your typical pizza spot.
Why does the pizza suck so bad in Philly?? I go to Fairmount pizza every now and then, even though I already know what I'm gonna get. Medicore pizza. It's not the worst I've had and CERTAINLY not the BEST. But it's edible. Especially their BBQ chicken pizza.... and they're pretty nice in there too. So, I'll be back!
I have only had a few things on the menu, but all of which had the same trend.  Average to slightly above average.  The BBQ Chicken and the Stuffed Chicken slice are the only 2 items which you get your money's worth from.  The hoagie is generic and the Chicken Piccata is very oily.  It is convenient so I go there, but it is not worth traveling across the city to get to.  The desserts are not made there, but are also not bad.  If you live in Fairmount, it is worth a try.
I've had a few things from here, but once I tried the BBQ chicken pizza, I've never ordered anything else. It's unbelievably tasty: sweet, tangy, salty, just delish. 

I've also had some pasta dishes, and the breakfast sandwich. All decent and cheap. 

Stick with the pizza. I've had great experiences with delivery, pick up, and eating in.
I haven't had their pizza so this review is for cheesesteaks only.

Here's the thing: Their cheesesteaks aren't bad at all. They're pretty average, not spectacular, but nothing really to complain about. Good enough for drunk food or even a convenient lunch if you live nearby.

One thing that's cool is if you order online they have a ton of options for you to choose from if you'd like, such as "ketchup on roll" or "cheese on top" or "cut into 3 pieces", etc.

Here's the bad news: Don't bother. Every time I have gotten delivery or carry-out from this place they have totally screwed up our orders (about 3-4 times now).

Just the other day we had a very simple order:
- 1 cheesesteak with American cheese, extra meat, ketchup and grilled onions
- 1 cheesesteak with provolone cheese, grilled onions, pickles, and hot peppers

Pretty simple, right?

What arrived:
- 1 cheesesteak with American cheese, (missing extra meat) , (missing ketchup) and grilled onions
- 1 cheesesteak with provolone cheese, grilled onions, (extra meat that should have been on the other cheesesteak), (missing pickles), and (missing hot peppers)

Is it really that hard? Is it? And every time my roommate gets carry-out from this place he asks for no onions and they've put onions on it almost every time.

Get it together, Fairmount Pizza and Grill. Because it seems like you just don't give a sh*t.
I had not gone to Fairmount Pizza in a couple of years but decided to go for a cheeseburger as I was close by and really had a taste for one. It was the worse. It was tough and chewy. I kept spitting out pieces that I could not chew. Horrible. I will never buy anything from them again. I paid $6.24 for the worse cheeseburger.
It's way more than just a pizza place. The menu is massive. But yeah, they do have some of the best pizza around, especially that Buffalo Chicken one everyone's talking about. 

My top 5 ordered from here are: Buffalo Chix Pizza, BBQ Chix Pizza (add Onions), White Pizza #1 (really garlicky), Wings (well done), Fettuccini Alfredo w/Chicken and Broc (add garlic bread or extra garlic knot). 

I feel I should also mention their dough. The crust is nice and thick and bready. It's so wonderful. They sell it too if you want to make pizza at home or in a big dutch oven while camping with friends like I did this past spring. Best campfire meal ever!

Their online ordering system is convenient and fast, and the delivery is generally quick unless it's a busy night.

The only thing really missing for us gluttons is dessert. They have some cheesecake type stuff buried under "breakfast" in their online menu, but it's not very good. I really think they should remedy this by teaming up with Philly Flavors, which is next door, and delivering water-ice, ice cream, milkshakes, etc. Or I could just get off my lazy arse and walk the couple of blocks over there to both places.
This review is for the gyro platter. That was some good grub.  It comes with fries, greek salad and of course the gyro.  What else can I say? it certainly met my expectations.  So next time I'm in the hood I'll try the pizza, sucks to be 3000 miles away.
There was a time when I'd give Fairmount Pizza 4 stars but lately I just haven't been feeling it. I guess some might say we've lost the magic.

I would never get anything there other than the pizza and they don't have many options for that even. The veggie pizza is straight up gross so I always go with mushroom - it's pretty good when it's fresh. The clientele are pretty funny and when they're not entertaining enough you can always watch CNN on one of their TVs. 

Great for a quick slice, especially late at night.
Their pizza = greatness. I don't like pizza with a lot of marinara because usually that ish ain't good. So less is better. This place does it perfect (for me) with the cheese to marinara ratio. Anything else though is a no go.
Service is awful. I ordered by phone at 8:32 AM, and they said the food would be ready in 15-20 minutes. I got there at 8:50, not done. No big deal. I then had to wait another 15 minutes, when the girl at the counter had to ask the cook to prep it. If things were really busy, I can understand the wait, but I was one of 3 people in the place, and I didn't see any massive orders waiting to go out. I got a breakfast sandwich and home fries.

The last time I was here, I had a similar wait time during a busy period, but my food had already been finished and ready to go behind the counter. The guy working the register was literally standing behind the counter staring at me while my food was ready to go for a solid 15 minutes. I had to ask another girl if they had my order anywhere.

As convenient as this place is, and as good as the pizza is (the other items are pretty meh), I doubt I'll ever order here again.
First time being in philly and had to get me a philly cheese steak! I can honestly say it was so delicious and a big enough size for the price! Never had a sandwich like this before. I also had their pizza the day before and it was so so fresh the cheese was just melting. So bomb, great service fast as well !
The veggie pizza was so good. It was not greasy at all. The service was very quick and easy. But it was game day and it was moving very fast. I also had a house salad I didn't care for because it was so much iceberg lettuce. 

My cousin had the chicken ceaser salad. It's very small. I had to go back and add another slice of the veggie pizza! My only regret is I didn't order a whole pizza. When I am back in Philly I will visit again.
Some of the best pepperoni pizza I have ever had.The crust was very crunchy, just the way I like it. Nothing was burnt and that was very rare. I loved it!
Great slice and friendly service! Fast too! I've had lots of slices in this area and this one might be the best
Three words:  Barbecue. Chicken. Pizza.

If you haven't had it, run--go now.  Get yourself a slice and catch up with the rest of us bbq chicken pizza lovers.  This pizza gets 5 stars on its own.

Fairmount pizza as a whole is great... open late, convenient, lots of awesome choices.  A classic go-to spot post happy hour(s) and after Fairmount's bar crawls (reindeer romp/bunny hop). 

This place really is the best in the neighborhood--although that's not saying much considering there are very few decent pizza places in the hood.
I usually order buffalo chicken pizza from here and the pizza isn't fancy but it's  edible. This time I ordered half Buffalo and half BBQ. My order was delivered on time but when I opened the box, the pizza looked like it had been dropped or tilted and most of the toppings were piled in a corner of the box creating a massive buildup of grease and mess. I called to request a new order and to show my dissatisfaction. They did not offer to give me my money back but they did send me another pizza 40 minutes later provided I give back the ruined pizza which I had no problem doing. This pizza turned out to be smaller than my original order. I just settled for it but I won't order from here again based on how they treated the situation. They simply didn't care.
Cheap and Greasy for sure. This place is a block from my apartment so I've eaten here out of laziness many times. The Buffalo Chicken Pizza is a guilty pleasure, but I usually pay for it afterwards. Don't go out of your way to eat here.
I've been here a couple times and only ordered a chicken cheese steak and pizza in the past.  Both were very good.  What will make me come back in the future is their customer service.  The people at the counter have always been so pleasant and friendly, which goes a long way for me.  I was so surprised the last time I went there when I saw one of those booths outside of the entry way to keep customers warm during their waits - how thoughtful.  I also appreciated the sign on their door requesting customers to be mindful of the neighborhood and throw trash in the trash cans - how conscientious!
They hv the best pizza slices. They're a great size for the price and the service is pretty good. I also like their chicken & Caesar salads, breakfast & turkey burgers. This is my go to spot if I want something quick & good!
$25 for a cheesesteak with barely any meat and 10 hot wings lol This was probably the worst cheesesteak I've ever had smh it was literally all bread. You'd have to pay for extra meat to make it the size of a regular cheesesteak. The wings were good but why on earth do they give you so little blue cheese? Let me guess so you can buy more. You shouldn't have to pay for bare minimum requirements
We have lived in the Fairmont area for a little over a year now and I've eaten from here multiple times. We have never had anything but exceptional food from this pizza spot. The flavors are immense. We even had a huge party at our house and had them cater and they made us the most delicious chicken parm and meatball platters. My father who is a foodie, was blown away by the flavor, stating that it had rivaled some of the top Italian restaurants he's eaten at in New York. Honestly, try their meatballs! You won't find flavor or fresher basil anywhere in the city like here. Their pizzas are also not greasy, large, delivered quickly by nice drivers as well. Such a pleasure to have such a great local pizza shop in town. Keep up the great work guys
Worst place ever. I ordered at 9:45pm. They close at 11pm. I called at 10:50 to see where my chicken cheese steak was and they said 5mins away. They charged my card. I called at 11pm and it just rang.
My experience with Fairmount has been fair. But while I was eating my breakfast sandwich there was a piece of tape in it and I was done half of the sandwich by the time I found it. But before that situation, the sandwich was pretty good.
They've really gouged their prices since the pandemic started.  I got 15 wings for $27 today and the wings are small and not even that good.  Their pizza is below average.  They increased the cost of their Italian dinners while getting rid of the salad that used to be included.  I understand that the cost of some things did go up during the pandemic, but for less money you can go to a place with good wings like McCrossen's or get cheaper wings at another pizza place.  It's just really a convenient location and the people that work there are nice, but I'm not paying these crazy prices for bad food anymore.
I was excited to try this place after a couple recommendations, but it was possibly the worst pizza I've ever had. I ordered online on a Tuesday and it took over an hour to get delivered. It was 20 min over the delivery time. I got the Hawaiian pizza, and though it looked good, the pizza was raw! It was so undercooked that it was hard to chew. Just awful! 
Not worth the money and not worth another try.
There's always a long line here that I feel like I have to give this spot one more chance. Ordered a slice of pepperoni and cheese. My bf and I agreed that it tasted like pizza you would get from a bowling alley. The cheese pizza was stiff and thin with no flavor. It definitely needed some sauce. Very chewy because of the stiffness. The pepperoni was also disappointing w/pepperoni slices falling one by one. Maybe I'll try bbq chicken pizza or something different. Pepperoni and cheese sadly gets a 3/5 from me
fast friendly service. they have really good pizza. i dont get to go here that often bcuz its not so close to where i live so its a bit of a treat to get some good pizza for a change. they always have a great selection of slices as well. ive had salads, strombolis and a couple other items from their menu. never had a bad meal. their staff is friendly and attentive. id recommend this place to anyone without hesitation.
Love ordering from here and that they're willing to deliver to us all the way in Old City. Yummy! All we have ordered has been awesome. Can't wait to have them again soon and start making it our weekend go to for pizza, wings and more.
It's not gourmet pizza by any stretch, but it's classic and, for me, definitively Philadelphian. I lived in Francisville for a few years and this was my go-to pizza place. I love the BBQ chicken and buffalo chicken pizzas. I like the options and the food, overall. I think it's necessary in its locale, and while the food is never mind-blowing, it's consistent and hits the spot.

They are very friendly and easy to relate to as well.

Three stars for takeout, and but take two off if you are getting delivery. (They are slow, inconsistent, and  my pizza was lukewarm when I got it.) But for takeout, they are spot on.
How have a never written a review for here? I have these people on speed dial. I order delivery here like once a week, which I'm embarrassed to admit. I go right through their website. It's very easy. I'm sure they recognize my number and my address lol. 

My go-to's depending on my mood - chicken caesar salad, mozz fries, chicken cheese steak, personal pizza, chicken caesar wrap. I've had it all and I love it all! Highly recommend.
I have never had bad food from here.  Basic italian shop fare...great for easy weekend bites.  Stop by for a quick slice or call ahead for an order- because they are always busy!  Sail in with your order confirmation number and sail out.  Easy, Easy.   A great neighborhood place.
I've Been A Frequent And Satisfied Customer Since I Moved Down The Street From Fairmount in 2005, The Food Was ALWAYS Fresh, Delicious And Made With Care!! Recently The Pizza, Stromboli, And Especially The Steak/Cheesesteak/Pizza Steak Have Been Very, Very Disappointing; The Pizza Dough Doesn't Seem To Be Cooked Through, The Stromboli Is Tasteless And The Rolls That The Use Recently Are Hard And Stale...The Meat Falls Through The Roll!! The Salads Are On Point BUT For The Money And The "Fairmount" Brand Ordering The Last Few Months Has Been A Real Disappointment!! Tonight I Ordered My LAST Cheesesteak!! I Realize The Pandemic Has Caused Issues With A Lot Of Restaurants But For The Quality To Go Down And Prices Up, Some Things Need Improvement!! I'll Miss You Fairmount!!
Rude staff. 3 employees ignored my guests and I. We asked for information about food and they kept saying we can't hear you. Refused to allow a child under 5 the ability to use their restroom. Would have given ZERO stars but Yelp doesn't allow for it. Visiting from California and was so disappointed with this staff on 06/15/21.
For the mega fries I got, the price was a bit high, considering the quality and size. Everything seems like you're paying more for the same thing you'd get at an average pizza spot. Haven't tried anything but the mega fries and dessert yet, but would still try the pizza and see what they do in that department!
I'm not sure why there are negative reviews! The food always comes hot and fast. They never mess it up. Their buffalo chicken and bbq chicken pizza are some of my favorites. I also love the boneless Buffalo chicken wings and Italian hoagie. The delivery driver tonight gave us a free soda. And not to mention- their Caesar salad and ranch dressings are the bomb. Give them a try!
