Let's get the scoring over with first:
Food 5/5 - Please see the below story...
Service 5/5 - John our waiter was a doll!

Have you ever experienced the Romanian Steak at Famous  4th Street Deli? 

It's not a corned beef special for sure! It's a giant platter of perfectly sliced beef cooked medium rare and smothered in onions and mushrooms. The dish includes  two giant sides and can easily feed a family a four. If you go there, and want to order another course, start with something light and expect plenty of leftovers b/c there will be for sure! 

We started with pea soup and we should have said cup not bowl because there was enough for four people. Yes! All of the portions at Famous are huge and everything we ordered was delicious I just wish we!d chosen a garden salad instead of soup. We also ordered dessert which was completely unnecessary but go big or go home :)
Mom n me out on the town - another adventure of two hep chicks! Tuesday evening edition...

My mother was born a week before Christmas more than 80++ years ago this eve. I asked her, what do you want for your birthday dinner and she was very specific- a corned beef & pastrami special from Famous on 4th. My mother has been through a lot during the last seven years so her dr would probably have had me arrested if she knew i took her to Famous for corned beef & pastrami, but birthday ladies should be able to have what ever they want and mom rarely goes off the dietary rails... Famous sandwiches are around a lb+/serving so we shared one. For around $22 we received two giant halves on extra thick slices of rye bread (no seeds).  We chose extra cole slaw and thousand island dressing as our side. Since we were already in heart attack city, we began our meal with the chopped liver app.

Service 6/5
The gentleman who waited on us has worked for Famous for over 34 years and is as thin, handsome  and sweet as the day he started there and we love him. He's so nice and though it's been a few years since our last visit, he remembered us. My mom is a the kind of lady everyone remembers, but you can tell that he's the kind of service professional who remembers everyone who has ever graced the doors of that grand ol eatery.

Food - savory 5/5
chopped liver app 5/5
This app consisted of at least 9 oz of chopped liver on a platter with two giant slices of sweet white onion and equally beautiful slices of tomato on three Romain leaves. A very nice presentation of very fresh chopped. Liver. Perhaps it's an acquired taste but we both thought it was delicious!

Corned beef & pastrami special Sammy with one side 5/5
What can i say that hasn't been said about the corn beef and pastrami at Famous? Okay so it was a little saltier than I remembered and waited for mom to offer forth her usual comments about why is food always too salty in restaurants? This time I said I agree it's salty but then she added, well it's supposed to be :)

Rice pudding with golden raisin 3/5
This giant portion could easily serve six folks would have received 5 stars but the rice was way undercooked. I mean it was not raw but still way too hard. It could have used another 10 minutes in the steamer or double boiler. It was a disappointing end but not a disappointing evening because dinner with my mother is always a special treat.
I was passing by Philly and I had to try the famous Famous 4th Street Delicatessen. I ordered their famous Hot Pastrami sandwich and it was HUGE. The most amazing Pastrami sandwich of my life. Juicy, flavorful, and loaded in between two pieces of bread. 

The sandwich definitely isn't cheap, Regular size $18.50 and Zaftig size $ 22.25, but the serving sizes are enormous, so you can definitely split with someone else if you'd like. 

Believe the hype, their sandwiches are truly out of this world.
Absolutely my favorite classic Jewish deli outside of NY. Famous gives me flashbacks of my childhood and is just so comforting each and every visit. 

You start your meal with perhaps what is one of my favorite parts of traditional Jewish deli dining...the pickles!!! Nothing beats a bow of mixed Jewish pickles! They are so delicious here! Crunchy and crispy! Garlicky and dill. 

Then the menu comes. Oy, that menu! So many delicious options:

Towering smoked meat sammys that are oh so hard to finish without removing at least some of the meat. You can ask for extra pieces of rye and split!

Huge whitefish and lox platters with pretty darn delicious crispy bagels, served with all the proper accompaniments. The whitefish isn't too mayonnaise-y and the smoked salmon is just salty enough. 

Matzoh balls as big as my children's heads! The soup comes with carrots, celery, bow tie noodles and chicken. Vegheads, simply ask for it without. Never an issue. Oh, and we can't forget the mushroom barley soup too! Such difficult decisions here!

Perfectly fried potato pancakes, knishes of all kinds, kugel piled high and creamy coleslaw. Even their simple thick crinkle cut fries are great! You can't go wrong with anything really. 

Your choice of Dr. Browns...Cream, Birch, cherry, oh my!  Diet too. I'm pretty sure it's a law to drink one while here. I'm not a big soda drinker, but Dr. Browns and deli fare just go hand in hand. 

*While they are a Jewish deli, they are not kosher. They serve shrimp salads and you can surely order some melted Swiss or provolone atop your hot corned beef or pastrami. 

I can't finish this review without mentioning the desserts. Oy gevalt! I gain 5 lbs just walking past the bakery counter! You won't believe the sizes of these layers cakes, whoopie pies, hamantaschen, eclairs and black and white cookies! While they serve almost every sweet you can imagine, they're most 'famously' (pun intended) known for their cookies! (The separate entrance for pick up is just past the main entrance on 4th) There isn't a person alive who wouldn't love these. Chocolate chip, chocolate walnut or oatmeal raisin. A tray or box of these makes an awesome thing to serve to a party or to bring to someone! They're roughy $1.50 each when sold individually. They actually give every person in your party a complimentary chocolate chip cookie for dessert! 

Famous is also aesthetically a classic deli. That unmistakable black and white checkered flooring with walls covered newspaper articles, awards and photos of the fam which make you feel like you're a part of it. I will personally prefer a table in the back room by the bright, big windows. People watching in the South Street/Queen Village District  is always fun! 

Weekend brunch and Jewish holidays are going to be the most crowded, but I have never ever had to wait longer than 5 minutes even during those times. 

Old school meter parking on 4th. Kiosks which take cards along the circle on Bainbridge. There's also a new bike rental rack out front. 

Oh, and the prices are a tad higher, but not really when taking portion size into account. Order smart, everything is oversized here!
As related to Philly Deli's, yea this is the Prime.

Prices are as huge as the sandwiches but their "Hook" is to give ya a HUGE portion and you take home the left overs. In essence, you pay and receive double the Portion.

The quality is good, the service is part of the fun. 

Very good food, and delicious Left Overs.

Next time we will try non-sandwich items. 

I don't think there is another Deli on Philly which does it like Famous which is a shame because it not like Famous reinvented the wheel here. Just think Philly just isn't a Deli type of city.
Fantastic classic Jewish deli that is a must go when in the neighborhood! The food is really phenomenal and the portions are GIGANTIC (you will probably be walking out with a doggie bag).

The staff is very friendly and service is great. It doesn't take long for them to seat you, take your order, and bring you your food. 

As you wait for your order, they'll bring you a plate of pickles which I really, really enjoy. 

My absolute favorite dish to get at Famous 4th is the ever so famous matzo ball soup! The matzo ball is huge - we're talking the size of my fist! As delicious as it is, it's impossible for me to finish in one sitting. I always leave with leftovers which I'm happy to dive into later that evening or the next day.

Another highlight of mine is hitting up the bakery after my meal. They have so many cakes, pies, and cookies to offer - it's a dream come true for anyone with a sweet tooth! I have enjoyed their black and white cookies, the lemon coconut cake, and the red velvet cake, but my favorite is definitely the chocolate peanut butter cake. It is sweet, it is decadent, and it is huge. My first time at Famous 4th, I made the rookie mistake of ordering one for myself, only to realize I wasn't getting a standard sized slice, I was practically getting the entire cake. People, be aware, one order will serve an army! If you don't have room for a big, heavy dessert off the menu, do know that you'll get a free chocolate chip cookie to take home at the end of your meal! :)

Prices seem high when you're looking through the menu, but you'll realize you're really getting bang for your buck when you get your food. 

Famous 4th will continue to be my favorite place to stop at when craving some matzo ball soup. I also can't wait to keep trying new things from their extensive dessert selection (that is, if I can stray away from that chocolate peanut butter cake...)
Every culture has its comfort food, and the Famous 4th Street Deli does it well for the Jewish culture. I don't care what ethnicity you are, nothing tastes better than steaming hot chicken noodle soup when you're coming down with a cold or you need to warm up on a bitter winter day.  

After a few minutes, a small dish of tart pickles and amazingly good coleslaw will be placed in front of you. HOLY MATZO, that coleslaw is so so good. I could eat a gallon of that alone. I just ordered the chicken noodle soup to get my cold bones warmed up. It was the prefect anti-dote to my winter blues. I slurped my way through the entire bowl. If I had been alone, I probably would've licked the bowl clean. There's no shame in that, right?
There were not lying when they said large portions! Oh-my-wow! I ordered a sandwich, soup and a slice of cake. The sandwich is the size of my head! It is going to take me days to eat all of this. The cannoli cake - I honestly had to cut it up into chunks and freeze it. It will probably take me a month to eat this entire slice! I honestly think it is overkill. The slices are so big, a single person like me can only take one. What if I wanted to try different slices or other desserts? I am not overly thrilled by the portion sizes here. I could do without the gluton. I'm sure the sizes are their justification for higher prices. They give you so much food that it only makes sense to charge what they charge. 

The quality of the food is great. I have no complaints in that department. I broke my sandwich up in several proportions and ate them open faced to reduce the amount of carbs from the bread. I enjoyed each bite of my broken down meal . I also ordered some smoked whitefish by the lb. and I look forward to enjoying it on pita crackers as a snack.
DO NOT EAT HERE!  TOTALLY DISGUSTING AND AWFUL SERVICE. NO STARS!!!  I would have given this place zero stars if that were an option.  I can't comment on the food since, because of the unbelievably awful experience that we had, we didn't even get that far here.  Came here with my family of 6.  After being seated, we were eventually brought some bread and butter.  I took a piece of bread and was starting to butter it when a few big drops of water dropped onto my bread and plate.  At first I thought the person next to me splashed me with their water glass but then I looked up to see that there was a large, not clean-looking air conditioner/condensor attached to the ceiling above me that had a whole bunch of droplets forming on it.  It was clearly going to keep dripping on me if I continued to sit there.  When our waiter came back, I said, "Would it be possible to change tables?  This thing above me is dripping onto my plate."  He immediately just turned to look at someone standing beyond our table and gave her a very annoyed "smile" and raised his hands up.  Then turned back to us and in an extremely exasperated tone said "Well, it's just water from the condensor..I don't know what to tell you."  At that point, the woman behind us (who turned out to be the manager) said (in an extremely annoyed tone) something along the lines of "There is no other table that can accomodate you so there is no other option.  It is just water from the condensor and other people have been sitting there all day."  I said, "So, you're saying that I should just sit here and let it drip on me?"  She said (still in an extremely hostile tone) "Well, other people have sat there and I don't know what else to tell you."  At this point I was totally in shock - I understand if you really didn't have anywhere else to seat us (which they did - they would have just needed to move tables around), but I could not believe that the response was so immediately rude and annoyed.  There was ABSOLUTELY NO APOLOGY for water dripping on my plate, no attempt to accomodate us in anyway at all...just the message of "deal with it".  At this point, another person in my party said "well, that is a terrible response."  To that, the "manager" said "I can hear you.  I told you the situation.  I don't know what else you want." in the tone that a five-year old would use.  I then said, "Yes, we know you can hear us.  It is pretty ridiculous that you are responding like this and telling me that the only option is to just sit here." Basically, she and I went back and forth for a few rounds in the same vein - she just kept saying that other people had sat there and she wouldn't do anything about it and I kept trying to express that it is not okay to sit somewhere and have pooled water from a condensor drip into your food.  Not sure what kind of idiot wouldn't know that you shouldn't expect a customer to pay an exorbitant $18 for a sandwich and have it dripped on with water that could contain bacteria and other infectious diseases that love to grow in just this situation (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legionellosis).  I asked for the manager and she, Emily, said that she was the manager and that her parents owned the restaurant.  At some point, I just cut off the conversation and said that we were leaving.  The ridiculous waiter actually tried to bring us the bill for the order of fries we had placed earlier, which had literally just arrived and no one had eaten at all.  The fact that they thought the whole situation was ok is a clear indication that the people at this restaurant (including the management) do not have any concept of cleanliness and health standards.  I'd hate to see what the kitchen looks like!!!  Further, this is not a cheap place, they should have much higher sanitation and customer service standards.  Ultimately, I am much more digusted with the customer service than the dripping water.  
 
I can only think that something awful happened to this woman earlier in the day or that people have walked out several times because of this issue because she responded to me immediately with hostility and defensiveness - all in response to an initial question of "Would it be okay if we changed tables...".  Obviously, I would never ever go back to this place and would advise everyone against it.  Really poor customer service and it is unclean.  DON'T GO HERE!!!! There are so so so many other great options in the area!
WARNING!  DO NOT EAT HERE IF YOU HAVE ANY REGARD FOR YOUR OWN HEALTH!

I noticed the ongoing yelp review theme that this restaurant has terrible customer service and stupidly disregarded it because I was asked to dine there.  DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE, DO NOT SET FOOT INTO THIS PLACE.  I have since learned that this ongoing theme of poor customer service continues into the extreme of violating food safety.  Read my experience and keep in mind that what happens in the dining area of a restaurant is the best face the kitchen has to offer.  If things are bad in the dining room, they are likely worse in the kitchen.  I can only imagine what is happening back there.
My dining group was seated and given menus as well as bread, pickles and coleslaw.  As my dining companion was buttering her bread while reading her menu, she felt water dripping on her.  Not only on her, but also hit her plate that had food on it.  We noticed that there was large air conditioning unit above us that had several drops of water accumulating and very slowly dripping.  Suddenly we understood why upon being seated we had found a live bug on my napkin and a dead bug on the table, these bugs are living in the air conditioning unit and falling out onto the table.  We mentioned it to our waiter who to made a knowing grimace and turned the problem over to a female employee standing nearby.  This employee (I think her name was Emily) immediately started talking, obviously having seen us notice the problem and mention it to the waiter.  She informed us, in an irritating and defiant tone, that it is just "condenser water" from the air conditioning unit and there were absolutely no other places to seat a table of 6 or larger than under this dripping unit.  Keep in mind that this is a large restaurant space and we were being made to feel bad that we brought a table of six people to eat at their establishment; as though we were inconveniencing them with our business.  We were seriously taken aback at her abrasive rudeness.  It was apparent that she has encountered this problem frequently and taken a hard stance on doing nothing about it.  She informed us that this restaurant has an ongoing policy of seating customers below this air conditioning unit with full knowledge that the water from inside will drip down onto customers and their food.  She succinctly informed us that we either deal with it, agree to break up our party and eat at separate tables, or accept that there is no other table to accommodate a six person table (i.e. - leave).  To emphasize the supreme power in her statement, she informed us that she is a manager, her parents own the restaurant and there was no one else we could speak to about the issue.  We looked away aghast at not only the poor customer service but the health issues that we were being asked to accept.  Worse than the fact that she asked us to sit there and let the water drip onto our food, is the fact that she pronounced this is ongoing policy at the restaurant!  What she tried to innocuously describe as "condenser water" is in fact stagnant pooled water from inside a cold air conditioning unit, an ideal environment for many types of terribly harmful bacteria.

There are many types of bacteria that could be multiplying in that air conditioning unit and spread by allowing, in this case demanding, customers to ingest this water.  One example is Legionella which leads to Legionnaires' disease.  Legionella and Legionnaires' disease have a famous history in our very own city of Philadelphia.  In 1976, an outbreak was caused by the air conditioning system at Philadelphia's Bellevue-Stratford Hotel. Legionella is known to breed quickly in air conditioning systems.

Obviously we left without ordering.  They even had the audacity to quickly print out a check while they saw us rising from our seats and run over to place it on the table.  We were not going to pay them for untouched soda and fries, nor pay them to treat us like dirt.  

Terrible customer service.  Horrible "management".  No regard for food safety and customer health.  This restaurant should be shut down!!!
It's CHCKN SP SZN until the weather breaks so naturally I had to stop here the other night for a fixin'.

Walked in to order takeout and waited about 15 minutes for the food, which wasn't bad, but I'd definitely call ahead.  Not a great place to wait as I stood awkwardly by the fountain soda machines, however, it's worth noting this place is impeccably clean for being all white everything.  Very old timey and charming.  Really takes you back to another place and time.  Front desk cashier who took my order was very friendly and it took everything in my power to not buy the array of fresh desserts, meats, etc. in the glass cases.  Their black and white cookies are MASSIVE - I kid you not, they're the size of a small dinner plate.

Ordered: one large "famous" chicken noodle soup that feeds 2 (complete with matzah and whole bunch of other good good), 5 potato pancakes with apple sauce and sour cream, 4 of their "famous" cookies to go (1 oatmeal raisin, 1 sugar/sprinkles, 1 plain ch. chip, 1 ch. chip with walnut), and 2 cans soda.  I think the total came to about $38, which is kinda steep but well worth the price tag.

First and foremost, I gotta make a shout-out to those fantastic meat dumplings that were in the soup.  They stole the show!  I want just those, steaming on a platter.  Congrats and thanks to the whole team.

The soup as a whole was also great: flavorful, not dry chicken, hearty broth, onions, some rice/wheat jawn.  I could've used a little more carrots. But this, along with that plump side of matzah ball, was everything I needed and more this cold and flu season.

The potato pancakes were SO good: crispy and oily and salty and wonderful dipped in that sour cream and that tasty homemade apple sauce.  I wish I got the order of 10.

Tried to save half the cookies for the next day but we ended up eating all 4.  I was surprised they gave them to me warm out of the oven, so bonus points there.  They were nice and plump and SO good but my favorite was that oatmeal raisin.  The sugar was cloyingly sweet but I'm a sucker for rainbow sprinkles.

Despite living here for 13 years, I had only ever eaten breakfast here in 2007 and I was too hungover to enjoy it.  Overall,  well worth the visit and one of the few "tourist traps" that's not actually a trap.
It doesn't get any better than this, packed like very happy sardines in a bustling urban deli about to confront a two foot stack of warm, lean pastrami, creamy slaw and a chaser of Dr. Browns black cherry. 

Nothing here is going to calm your cardiologist but once in while some actual deli is the only meal that works. These random moments of sublime happiness make life worth savoring. When things calm down, just go.
Every meal at Famous 4th feels like Thanksgiving dinner. I definitely suggest coming with someone who is familiar with the menu or versed in Jewish vittles to decipher the knishes, reubens, and bialys. And also to quell any fears about dollar values attached to menu items. If you're not used to family style, now's the time to pick partners - most of the menu items are team events. 

Famous 4th really pulls the nostalgia factor and its ambience oozes old-school diner. Sepia photographs line black and white tiled walls, and antique cash registers stand watch over aproned wait staff. 

I went in craving hot deli meats, but the first thing I laid eyes on were actually deli cases of desserts. Giant cookies for only $1.45?? Hell yes. The rest of the actual counter space is deli heaven - heaps upon heaps of various fresh, smoked, and cooked meat. If I lived in Philly, a dangerously easy shortcut to bring to any potluck. And just before you line up to get seated is the biggest teaser of all. The shelf where plates loaded with a gravity-defying amount of food wait to be carried to eager diners. 

Our party of 3 arrived during off hours and the diner was still pretty crowded, but we were seated right away. We were brought a bowl of complimentary coleslaw and pickles to munch on while perusing the menu. We finally settled on the Famous Chicken Soup, Pastrami & Eggs (omelette style) with Potato Pancake and Onion Bagel, and a Rueben Deli Knish. 

Surprisingly, the soup was brought out in short order and we got to work on the giant tureen of soup. I'm not sure I would have ordered the soup without a native explaining what it actually consisted of. It's loaded with pieces of chicken, ground beef dumplings, matzo, onions, and grains. The dumplings were definitely my favorite component. I'm a big soup fan, but the rest of the soup was less brothy than I was hoping for. Still, that didn't stop us from consuming the whole thing. One order of this soup is enough to get a family halfway full.

The [meat] + eggs dishes on the Breakfast Anytime menu can be ordered any way you like - fried, scrambled, over easy, etc. Our omelette came packed with a 2:1 hot pastrami to egg ratio in true Famous 4th fashion. The Rueben Deli Knish was deli-kniscious (sorry, I tried), and somehow, the only survivor of our food rampage. 

The service here is prompt and not in your face - just what you'd hope for at a popular spot for locals and tourists. While I have no Eastern European roots (that I know of), Famous 4th still manages to evoke a sense of home and hearth. I was appalled that we had forgotten to order a giant cookie with our meal. But I need not have worried because we were each given a fresh mini cookie with our check. A simple but sweet show of hospitality, and a gold star in my book!
Was in Philly the other day craving a pastrami sandwich.  Knowing Katz is about an hour and a half away I had to search for something closer. So I go on yelp and seen Famous 4th St Deli. And to my surprise this pastrami was up there with my favorite pastrami sandwiches.  It was packed with that salty pastrami punch as soon as you bit into the sandwich. They leave the fat which ads so much flavor and juiciness. The meat was so tender, melt in your mouth deliciousness!  I visit Philly several times a year and now I know where to go to get a great pastrami sandwich.  I would rather a pastrami sandwich over some of the fake cheese steak places they have in Philly.  Lol. Oh yeah ask for extra bread because they pack it with meat. You could easily make 3-4 sandwiches. 

 Thanks for a great pastrami experience.  One of the best pastrami sandwiches I ever had.
Evidentally working on the premise that outlandishly large portions are the key to success, along the way in its long history, Famous has somehow forgotten that food also has to be delicious.  A tongue on rye, a staple that defines a Jewish deli, brought a sandwich that was three inches high with a pile of thickly sliced and dry tongue (of all meats, you don't want thick tongue) between overly thick not tender rye.  A grossly huge slab of chocolate cake was not moist and if not from a box tasted it.  I don't think I have to delve further into the menu to know that something is amiss.  You can say that it was an anomoly, but that's the point, genuine Jewish delis don't deliver bad experiences, especially when you order from the soul of the menu. If anything they are about predictability.   If you want to fill, really fill your stomach with not much thought to how good this type of food can taste, Famous is for you. Really feel bad about not being one of its super fans since Famous in Philly is, well, so famous.  Feels a little like I just lobbed a rocket propelled grenade at the Statue of Liberty, but hey, if the Tacconelli pizza myth can begin to crack after all these years so can this.
I am a member of a profound and prodigious club called the B.E.C., or Big Eaters Club.  There are two ways to gain entry into our debauched society.  The first is to go out with three established members of the B.E.C. to a restaurant with an approved, sizable menu, and with the group, order and devour all the restaurant has to offer.  The second is to completely finish a Zaftig at the Famous Fourth Street Deli.  The first option is easier.

Ezekial F., one passionate member of the B.E.C., first introduced this behemoth of a sandwich to us by bringing an unfinished half of with a scale that dictated its weight: 1.6 pounds.  Half.  1.6 pounds.  Half.  Fitting both slices of bread, with all that meat, between your teeth is akin to trying to fit a bowling ball inside a zip-lock bag.  

The corned beef is surprisingly tender, and generally falls apart with the slightest application of force.  This is particularly important, because towards the end of your meal, if you make it that far, your jaws lack the energy and strength to chew.  The one thing that keeps you going is the high quality of all the ingredients.  

The most die-hard of B.E.Cers will follow this monstrosity with dessert.  Each slice of Checkerboard Cake is as big War and Peace in 14 font.  And the eclairs are as big as my Danskos.  My wife, the founding member of the B.D.E.C. (D for dessert) will split the two of them with me.  The ensuing walk home is spent in a unique balance of comatose, pain and pride.  And then we don't eat for three days.
Visited this place in July 2017 while on vacation in Philly. I've never been to a quintessential Jewish deli and this one was highly rated.

Area had plenty of parking, and no wait. We were seated immediately.  After perusing the menu, I suggested to the hubby that we share a pastrami sandwich, matzo ball soup, and some fries.  He said I was mad, and it's wouldn't be enough food for either of us.  I conceded and said, how about we share a large pastrami.  He agreed... And immediately regretted it!  The large pastrami had so much meat it was as tall as his head when each half was stacked on each other!  The pastrami was perfectly seasoned, moist, delicious.  Hubby said he hates me now since I ruined his idea of pastrami FOREVER!  I can live with that!

We later returned here for a small pastrami sandwich, a couple days before we returned home.  Hubby wished we had time to get a sandwich for the plane ride home.
As other reviewers have said, terrible customer service. Came with a friend today. There was a misunderstanding with our order (of no fault of our own). When we asked to change it the waitress gave us an attitude. We asked to speak with the manager instead (apparently the owner's daughter). She 
 raised her voice at us and lectured us about how we ordered improperly. Frankly that lady (who I believe is the owner's daughter) was unhinged. Should never speak to customers that way. So unprofessional. First time in my life I got up and left a restaurant mid-meal. We won't be coming here anymore.
*cries because I miss it*

On a trip to Philly, this is a must. Your girl LOVES delicatessens. Something about the vibe I get from them. 

We were walked in and was greeted right away. We came early in the day so it was not crowded. My best friend heard about this place for their desserts and i ... have a sweet tooth. I ended up getting one of the best red velvet cakes that I had. It was moist. The icing is always the best part and it was not too sweet. Can I also say that it was HUGE?! I took it home and it took me two days to finish it! 

When back in the area, I am def coming back for MORE.
Update: this sandwich has ruined my Saturday night. I have been vomiting the past 3 hours due to the acid reflux this sandwich has caused. The reason why they can get away from stacking their products so high is because they use the lowest, fattest grade meat possible.

I got the corned beef Reuben with my husband for lunch. It's $23 and it comes with one side. 

First off.... I totally forgot that I tried their cookies from the Reading terminal a couple of months ago. I hated them. I probably wouldn't of went here if I put two and two together. 

This sandwich immediately gave my heartburn. I'm talking within 5 to 10 minutes after taking a couple of bites. My tongue is raw from all the salt. 

It's a mess. There's absolutely zero reason why a sandwich should be this big. The bread to meat ratio is wack. If someone found a decent way to eat this, by all means... fill me in. It's hard to call this a sandwich when it's really just a plate full of meat. The overwhelming flavor of salt is just way too much to take in. I should of gotten a cheesesteak from Jim's. For the amount you receive, $23 is a fair price. I would order a couple of slices of extra bread to go with your sandwich. You could easily feed a family of 4. 

The truly sad part is their side. You get this massive sandwich but you get a side that's literally in a sauce cup. I have had bigger sides of ranch come with my food compared to this potato salad. 

So here you have this "reuben" that is jam packed with salt and you got this flavorless mini potato salad. How the heck does someone mess up potato salad? 

I need to be vigilant and stay away from anything that has this place name on it.
I've been here twice. Both times the service was meh (with the exception of one guy who wasn't taking care of me but was nicer than the person who was). Once was because I heard they had amazing chicken noodle soup and my boyfriend was sick. I asked if it was at all possible to get it without noodles, understanding that maybe it wasn't. The girl snapped at me, "Getting it without noodles won't make it cheaper!" I mean...ok. I wasn't trying to not pay for the soup... Then tasted the soup, it was crazy bland.

2nd time I got a sandwich and the girl acted like I was interrupting her in the middle of the best date of her life. Cool, I'm just spending $20 for a sandwich, but yeah, be a jerk. Sorry you had to stop texting to get someone else to throw it in the box. Also, thanks for including the pickle I specifically said I didn't want. After all that the sandwich wasn't great either (bread was good, though). 

Not impressed; won't be back.
Tourist trap, pure and simple. Maybe they think rudeness is some attempt at New York authenticity. It isn't!!! When it was revamped by Brooklynites, it started off swell.I can't believe the same owners still run it. Was a regular customer, but NO MORE! One anecdote: we bought some deli to take out...asked for mustard...they said they only had small containers for 75 cents. Then I spotted little packets under register...they said they only give those for sandwiches, not deli...WHAT A-HOLES!
Incredibly unprofessional and frankly humiliating experience at this restaurant. Waitress brought me the wrong menu item so I asked politely if it could be changed (this would have been a very simple fix). Instead, I was given a lecture about how I ordered incorrectly, which I did not. I politely asked to speak to the manager but she only heightened the situation.  The manager doubled down saying that I ordered incorrectly. I asked her to bring a menu but she refused because this would clearly prove that I did not in fact order incorrectly. Instead of apologizing and fixing the order (again, this would not have been a burdensome task), she raised her voice in front of restaurant patrons and continued to illogically and stubbornly rant that I ordered incorrectly. I then asked if I could speak with the owner at which point she pompously shouted that her father owned the restaurant (I don't know why that's important). The restaurant manager is arrogant, entitled and extremely unprofessional and should be nowhere near a paying customer. Rather than fix an easily correctible mistake, she tried to wrongly place blame on me, and in the process embarrassed herself and lost a long-time customer.
I went here with a friend who wanted a "sandwich with mayonaise." She got that and so much more. The menu was intimidating at first. "Why is a turkey sandwich $15?" we wondered. But we were going to find out.

We ordered a couple of sandwiches, each with a side and got some fries to split. They brought us some bread to start with and mammoth drink glasses. The bread tasted fresh and homemade, if not homemade, then acquired from a bakery that morning. We munched through that while waiting for our meals, and immediately regretted that decision as we saw our sandwiches make their way across the dining room with our waiter hiding somewhere behind them.

The sandwiches were at least 5-7 inches tall, cut in half so you could see the full impact of the meat stacked high. I got the roast beef au jus and my friend got the breaded chicken cutlet. Both were a bit tough to eat, the sandwiches being bigger than our mouths, but we made it work. The meat was flavorful and tender, and made for quite a damn fine creation. We each only ate half. Our sides were nice - potato pancakes and chips. Fried and delicious. And the French fries were piled high to the sky just like everything else and we barely made a dent, though they were wonderful as well.

Though I loved everything about this meal, it was priced a little steep for a lunch date. I would maybe come back and split a sandwich and fries with someone instead. That's my plan to maximize the awesomeness quotient.

The cutest thing was, when the waiter brought the check, he brought two fresh baked chocolate chip cookies in a little wax paper bag for us! I fell in love, if I wasn't already.
I should of just stayed with the German chocolate cake I always get (it earns five stars alone) but today I went with the black and white cookies.  Big disappointment.  So dry and hard I really thought they were stale.  I even called (I never do this!) to say they were and they should check them.  

When a customer complains you DON'T argue with them.  It doesn't change that I didn't like the product and is just good service sense.  You apologize at least (she never did).  I don't even care about offering money  back or giving something else instead.  Just validate that I came in and spent money on something that, to me, tasted horrible and  had a bad experience with.  That can really increase the chances of that person coming back to try something else.
I knew the sandwiches here were huge but I didn't realize just how huge until I ordered a chicken salad sandwich with cheese for delivery. It was packed with delicious chicken salad on a thick wheat toast. It was very difficult to eat. I ended up only eating half, with a side of macaroni salad. I only saved the chicken salad on the 2nd half. I ate it the next day, and it was a full sandwich on regular bread. It was better that way. I just could not really enjoy the sandwich when it was so thick with so much bread. In a city like Philly, with so many good sandwiches and hoagies, this will certainly NOT be my go-to sandwich spot.

For dessert I ordered the Devil Dog. Devil Dogs are my favorite childhood dessert so I was curious to try their take on it. Although it's one devil dog it is huge. I split it into 3 pieces, eating one piece per meal. It was awesome! The cream filling was delectable. It was sandwiched between two tasty chocolate cake toppings. I was in heaven eating it and would order it every single time I ordered from here.
Well it says it in the name folks this place is famous and for a reason!

Think ginormous sandwiches made by quite possibily the best Jewish Delicatessen I have ever come across and I have been eating some dam good Jewish deli meats from when I was a wee lad in grade school.

You really can't go wrong on anything you choose here and they give you a small free chocolate cookie for dessert!

If I lived closer I would probably come here at least once a month but this is the kind of food you have to work out on a weekly if not daily basis to work off the calories you will be endulging on!

If you live in Philadelphia and have not been here shame on you, get here ASAP!!

As always people SYOY!!!
Not bad. Been here twice now. My GF SWEARS by this place and loves it, but this is about how I feel, not her :)

I feel the portions are a bit obnoxious. I myself am a fat@#$ and can eat with the best of them. Let me be clear, NO HUMAN BEING CAN EAT 5 POUNDS (LITERALLY) OF CORNED BEEF HASH! Not even the guy from Man vs Food could eat some of the portions they bring out. I want breakfast guys, not a weeks worth of leftovers. while I'm ALL about getting my fair share of portions, they just go overboard. Giving you Hulk Hogan sized dishes (or a Kirstie Alley appetizer) does not make you the "go to" place for food. Taste is ok but not out of this world. I just want a decent sized meal at a decent price. I feel this is complete overkill and it forces me to pay much more than other really good brunch spots. I was also very annoyed I had to get my syrup in a Smuckers cup. I just feel for $20 french toast I would get better syrup, and maybe in a canister.

Bottom line; HUGE portions, average service and high prices. If you're EXTREMELY hungry then give it a go otherwise, there's dozens of other places I would recommend.
Totally worth the hype!! We took a day trip to Philly and wanted to stop for some lunch.  The Yelp reviews were great, so we decided to give it a shot.  There was already a long line waiting to be seated around 11:30AM on a Sunday. This was definitely to be expected.  Fortunately,  there was a lot of eye (food) candy on display and cake samples to keep me distracted for a while.  As we were seated,  everything we saw on other's tables looked amazing - from the french fries,  to the matzo ball, to the stacked sandwiches. Everything was super-sized.

Our table decided to go with the beef brisket sandwich and the Far Rockaway (brisket stacked on turkey). Between the four of us (and we can eat), we couldn't finish everything. The sandwiches were packed with meat and the brisket was very moist and flavorful. I Iliterally wanted to to try everything at the restaurant. I don't think you can really go wrong with any choice you make there!
Total bummer! Going here 40+ yrs. Always very nostalgic design/atmosphere, but meats/soups/fish/salads were just average deli until new owner bought it 10-12 yrs ago, transformed everything about the place, especially the food and made it one of the finest jewish deli's south of NYC. 

Really bad experience today - the counter take-out staff used to be exceptional, now they're below average. Here's why: 
- Ordered lb. of cole slaw, but didn't get it. Fortunately checked the bag and noticed before leaving.
- Ordered Choc. Chip Walnut cookies, but got home and they were plain.
- Ordered 6 half sour pickles and 6 full sour pickles, but got home and saw it was 3 and 9.
-  No itemized receipt provided. Was told they never give itemized receipt unless requested. Not true. I go there 4-5 times a year for takeout, and am always provided itemized receipt. It's just their way of preventing the customer form reviewing how high their prices are.
- They were rude and lied to the manager about what happened to cover their ass. 

If they're acting that way to one person, than they're likely doing it to others too.
Haven't been here since pre-pandemic but this is one of my favorite places when I want a good pastrami sandwich!  Always fresh and always awesome!  Their potato pancakes and fries are so good!  Cookies-yum!  Now I want to go there today!
Aside from the fact that you are constantly bombarded with political propaganda and your latest campaigner forcibly shaking hands and kissing babies, Famous is a pretty cool place to grab a bit to eat. 

The portions are way over proportional for those watching their waistline, but for $12 a sandwich I WANT to come out feeling like Jabba the Hut! The deli meats are enough for this "I hate eating animals when I don't have to" type's mouth to start watering and the fish is the freshest "sandwich style" fish I've had in the area. The oils are so rich you'll be washing them off of you for hours to come.

I'm also not much of a sweets person, but the cookies are some of the richest around. But ever since the what I have dubbed the "Tom Knox" incident where his paid goons and he decided to raid the joint on a Saturday morning and tried for force us to shake his hand I get a little aggravated when all those campaigners try to make MY lunch a photo op for the Inquirer. Seriously, can I eat in peace?
I had been here once before and thought the food was quite good (if not a bit pricey) but after my most recent experience with Famous 4th Street Deli, I wouldn't eat here again.

Three weeks ago, I called to see if they could host an engagement party for me and 25 of my family members.  Nothing fancy, I just wanted 25 seats reserved in the same area of the restaurant (at an off-peak hour).  I was told, "No problem - just call back two weeks before and we'll set it up."  

Well, I called back today and have never been met with ruder service.  First I was told that there is no reservation policy.  Fine, I get it, the person who talked to me the first time made a mistake.  But I'm in a bit of a jam here because of her mistake - I didn't make a reservation anywhere else b/c of this and now I'm stuck trying to make a reservation for 26 people two weeks out.  So I ask to speak with the manager.

Instead of the manager, I'm given the most vile and rude owner I've ever spoken with.  Without even hearing my story, he gets on the phone and tells me (in a nasty voice) that "Nobody ever told you that we would do this for you because we don't take reservations."  He wouldn't even hear my story or my pleas that I am put in a super-terrible position now because of the mistake his employee made.  He told me several more times that no one ever told me this and then hung up the phone on me.

Good restaurants are not only about good food, but they are about good service and supporting nice local businesses.  You will never get my business again.
Hamentashen.  You may not be able to pronounce it and you may never have heard of it, but you must eat it.  You afraid to try new things?  Not my problem.  Do it.

The hamentash is a Jewish pastry involving a triangular pie-style crust wrapped around some sort of filling(fruit, chocolate, poppy-seed, etc.).  It is delicious and I am perpetually insistent that you consume this dessert with milk.

It isn't a question.  If I pass within 5 blocks of this establishment at an hour they are open, I will purchase one for myself and at least one more for another person because I believe in sharing things that are great.  Now it is fair to say that I grew up eating these and my opinion is ridiculously biased.  

Bottom line - 4th St. Delicatessen creates the best, if not the only, poppy-seed hamentashen in Philly.  This would be a 4 star review if i didn't enjoy this dessert so much.

Now the food at 4th Street is served in portions that can only be described as masochistic.  Everything you order off of their menu is an affront to moderation.  Their corned beef hash w/ eggs is awesome and is not meant for one human being.  It isn't even meant for several human beings and I love it.   Some restaurants have food challenges where they serve you a ridiculous quantity and doubt you will finish it - well buddy at 4th Street Delicatessen they have a whole list of food challenges that they call their OUR ENTIRE MENU.

Quantity aside, the quality is always pretty good.  The recipes show discipline and high quality ingredients.  Sometimes the pickles are better than other times but whatever.  On the action-movie-satisfaction-parallel scale, this is Hard Boiled.

Fun fact: The triangular shape of hamentashen is attributed to the triangular hat worn by a villian named Haman in the story of Purim.
I have enjoyed going to Famous for the several years that I've now lived in Philadelphia, and my fiance has loved eating here for 25 years.  We have always loved bringing out of town guests here for brunch as they are always impressed by the food.  

We brought three out of town guests here last week, and our group could not be accommodated at a single table, which is completely understandable.  In an effort to be able to converse openly in our group, two of our friends turned their seats inward to sit at the end of the table . . . which is apparently not allowed, again completely understandable.  What was not understandable, however, was when the owner came to our table and yelled at us in front of the entire restaurant.   He berated us in a way that was very much embarrassing, and did so after not once asking us politely to move our seats.  Had we been asked to move politely, we clearly would have had no problem doing so.  We left the restaurant, having very quickly lost our appetites (although we did head to cochon for brunch, which was fabulous).  It was the most disappointed I have ever been in in a restaurant.
Wow!  Excellent!  Brought us both back to our childhood holiday dinners, aka our grand mother's cooking, as well as to our earliest memories of great Jewish delis.

Believe it or not, great traditional food can can trigger all those fond memories. This deli is a treasure trove of those food memories and experience.  Haven't had matzoh ball or kreplach soup like theirs since my single digit age and I'm in my 50s now.

The tongue in sweet sauce was outrageous.  First bite and I had to stop to savior the memories.
The noodle kuggel was excellent, and perfect in the sense of not burning the top.  

Their fresh rte bread is to die for.

We even brought home slices sable and bialys for breakfast.  Fabulous at to start a lazy day Sunday.
So grateful to find real Jewish food nearby our new away from NYC home.
Customer Beware: Owner is rude and does not appreciate your patronage.

We love the food at this establishment but I think it's time the owner sells it to someone who actually cares about the community.  We went today around 10am to celebrate Father's Day.  My father-in-law specifically requested Famous 4th Street since he lives nearby and eats there at least weekly.  We waited patiently around 15 minutes in line with a toddler in tow.  When we got to the front and expressed we needed a 5-top, the hostess quickly responded in a nasty tone telling us they just sat all their larger tables and it would be a long wait for a table that would fit us.  Rather than trying to accommodate us or allow us to have my daughter sit in my lap so we could fit at a 4-top, she advised us we should leave.

We frequently eat at Famous 4th Street and know they do not take reservations or sit incomplete parties.  I questioned the hostess as to why they sat a 3-top at a 6-top without everyone present in the party.  The hostess lied by responding the others were in the bathroom.  I called her out and she then said they are neighbors so they were allowed to sit incomplete.  When I told her my father-in-law is a neighbor too and this is his favorite restaurant in the city, she immediately went to the owner Russ who came over and simply identified himself as the owner and told me I was not welcome in his establishment.  I had not been rude, loud or used any profanities yet they must've felt they didn't need our business.

Russ has publicly been attempting to sell the business for years (for $5 million, http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/the-insider/Famous-4th-Street-Deli-is-still-for-sale.html) and I now see why.  It's obvious that he's no longer interested in running the restaurant or keeping customers happy.

This is no way to treat a loyal customer who is also a neighbor.  My family has been going to Famous 4th Street for decades but that ended today.

On a side note: we ended up going to Barrel House nearby and it was delicious...and we were greeted with smiles, Happy Father's Day greetings by the staff, and a complimentary shot of bourbon or glass of champagne!
There's a chance that I'm a terrible patient. No, I know what you're thinking...That's hard to believe. Sure. I seem to have such a death-grip on reality; such a stoic outlook. It's a brave face. Hit me with a head cold and...I uh, don't take it well. There's always a point where I scream that nobody loves me. Seriously. I never feel that I get adequate sympathy, you see. 

Fifteen dollar soup shuts up my kvetch-hole with that whining. Not just any fifteen dollar soup, of course. Talkin to you about Famous 4th Street Deli's Famous Chichen Soup. That's what all this nonsense has been leading up to. It's worth it.

I feel a little better, I feel loved again. It's a lotta souping. It's enough soup for like four people, or my husband and me. It's a good soup full of chickeny goodness and this enormous matzo ball, and kasha and rice and noodles...and kreplach! I really like those little dumplings. I kinda hoard them in the soup. I might take more than my share. 

Between you and me and these here internetz, I DO think that the soup could stand a little seasoning...I guess that's what those salt shakers are for. And a couple of times it's been luke warm... oh why... but anyway, on its best days, this soup fixes me right up, and that's me point.

I enjoy Famous 4th Street. Rye bread, corned beef and pastrami...pickles... I'm pretty happy. I usually go corned beef. Earlier in life I was more pastrami. Now I'm more corned beef?  I dunno, I switched it up. Their smoked turkey is very interesting to me too. It's real real turkey and it's smokey and it's seems to have been crusted in this intense pastrami-spiced rub. I'm amazed by people who order "zaftig." Amazed. 

Oh, another thing. I thought to myself, "A knish for $5.50?"  I grew up in New York. I grew up on 99 cent knishes. I was skeptical. Oh you know who has the greatest knish? The answer is: Famous 4th Street Deli. I'd never seen a round knish before....and the crust was was kinda lighter and flakier...and the potatoes inside were perfectly seasoned and savory. You get it, it was a helluva knish.

Have I mentioned that I am a fan of hash? OH I have? Corned beef hash? NO? Well that's what I'm talking about. Breakfast, come on! Corned beef hash from 4th Street is enormous. Dig that smoked salmon hash with sunnyside eggs too. Ahh, the breakfast/brunch here is definitely one of those cancel-your-plans-fo-the-rest-of-the-day deals. You're headed back to the land of nod. When you wake up you'll have leftovers!

 If I'm walking down 4th it's difficult to find a reason NOT to buy a shite-load of cookies to "share," with people. I love apricot hamantaschen. I don't know if they're my favorites...or honey-almond rugelach. So I don't choose a favorite. I choose both...like every time! Not to mention the chocolate chip cookies. 

So, Famous 4th Street Deli saves my life with soup, and yet so so dangerous...
Famous 4th Street Deli takes the best of Katz and 2nd ave Deli (in NYC) and combines them into an impressive old school Jewish restaurant (and bakery/deli) that would leave anyone stuffed with delicious classic Jewish food done right. It's a proper restaurant with waitress service, nothing divey but nothing fancy either. In typical iconic restaurant fashion, walls are lined with framed photos of famous patrons. 

All their signature sandwiches are named after the locations (mostly in Brooklyn) that the family started almost a century ago. That gives them more authenticity in my book, but I found it a little suspicious that all the restaurants in NYC have long been closed. After I tasted their food all suspicions were gone. 

The downside is almost all their food is twice the price and twice the portion of anything you'd want to be ordering for a large meal. It's hard to get a reasonable portion of food at an affordable price whether it's a pastrami sandwich, a piece of cake, or so on. 

I went here twice. The first time I came I ordered the matzoh ball soup. This was far better than any matzoh ball soup I've ever tasted or even seen before. It was unique in that in addition to the giant matzoh ball in the chicken broth they also had noodles, tender pieces of chicken, and carrots. Usually matzoh ball soup it just the ball with broth and some seasoning. This soup elevated itself into a proper meal and because this soup was so good I'm basically ruined from ordering it anywhere else. It's worth mentioning that what made me aware of this place and their soup was Food Network who named it the best chicken soup in America. After your meal they bring your check with a little crunchy chocolate chip cookie. Nothing like a freebie to end your meal. If you ate everything in front of you I doubt you'll be able to eat it though. 

The second time I came for breakfast, specifically to try their corned beef hash. When I saw how expensive the corned beef hash breakfast was I cheaped out and just ordered a side of it instead. Luckily I did because I saw someones corned beef hash meal and they received a mound of hash that was approximately the size of a football. The heaping bowl of corned beef hash I got was about the size of a softball, definitely a filling meal. As with the soup I had the day prior, the corned beef hash was amazing. They definitely didn't skimp on the tender chunks of in-house made corned beef. Apparently they make it from scratch as the waitress saw that I was picking out most of the peppers and she said I could have ordered it without them. 


Who knew I'd have to travel to Philly from Brooklyn for two of the best classic Jewish meals I've ever had. I can't wait for a return trip to try the pastrami and see how it holds up against the King of pastrami, Katz.
If you guys have not been here- i HIGHLY suggest that you make your way to 4th and Bainbridge IMMEDIATELY. This place is awesome! When you first walk in, make your way towards the desserts- your eyes will be in AWE! We ordered a slice of coconut cake to go after our lunch and its not a slice- its like, HALF THE FREAKIN' CAKE! SO DELICIOUS. The sandwiches are also delicious. Piled high with meat- I swear, you could make three sandwiches out of one! The food is a little high priced, but when you see the portion- you will know why. Splitting something is highly suggested (by moi)! They give you free cabbage and pickles after you are seated! Also, another little bonus is that you get a free home made chocolate chip cookie when you leave! This place is FAMOUS! Just take a look on the wall in the dining area and you will see how many famous people have walked through the doors. One of the most delicious places I have ever been to! Its a must if you are a Philly resident. Jewish deli-----im HOOKED.
It had been many years since I've been here. I had to correct that. Because if I'm going to be knowledgeable about Jewish delis in Philly in any way, this has to be on the list. 

I went for a pastrami dog. I can never finish a whole sandwich and I wanted to at least taste the pastrami here. This was the option that wouldn't go to as much waste. 

Of course it's still huge, which is a good thing for those who can handle it. And it's $10 which is a very reasonable price here. 

Compared to local places that I love (Herschel's, Hymie's), I would say that Herschel's still had my favorite pastrami in the city. This is definitely in the mix with Hymie's as being really good. The dog had an amazing natural casing snap that I'm a fan of. Their house mustard complemented it perfectly too. 

If you want to come here and get something more reasonably priced with a great deli flavor, that's your play.

And the chocolate chip cookies at the end... absolute greatness! Worthy of the reputation.
Shame on you "Famous" deli and shame on you Russ Cowan! I brought my family for a Hanukkah celebration to your restaurant and what we received was a disgusting display of intolerance, arrogance, and one of the most offensive displays of customer service I have ever experienced in front of my family. The owner, Russ Cowan, instead of trying to accommodate my family (a whopping party of 5) actually told me if I wasn't happy I should leave his restaurant. Is that how you treated the politicians, athletes, and actors you have pictured and hanging on your walls Russ? I'll bet not. The manager who I went to first, was no better and told me that "most" people are perfectly happy being split up at two tables and then asked to share food across an open isle. All this because the restaurant is too cheap to put out plates of bread and pickles for each table. Wasn't it bad enough that our family of 5, my wife and I and our 3 children, had to be separated? Wasn't it bad enough that the waiter told us they were busy because it was Hanukkah? My wife said, yes we know, that's why we're here. I guess they believe that it's ok to mistreat the customer because they have more than enough customers. Keep it up Russ and you will discover just how mistaken you are. I will make it my mission through Yelp and everywhere else I go to spread the word and share my experience from tonight with as many people as possible. Not that you care but for the record, I will never spend another nickel in your restaurant and hopefully others will hear my story and stay away too.
So I'm a life long Philadelphian. I've been wanting to try this place for years, today was the day. Parking can be tough as it's right off of South street. When first emerging it is very bright and immaculate! This had to be the cleanest deli I've ever been in. 

As for the food it was a bit of a let down. This place has great reviews and I wanted to just be another great review. I ordered the turkey special with fries. Was told fries were extra, no biggie. The bread was extremely fresh and very thick to hold up to the enormous portion. There had to be a pound of meat on the sandwich. Unfortunately the turkey was extremely dry. I was so let down by the turkey, I expected so much more. There was also a lack of thousand island dressing. It was very very dry, to the point I had to take off half the turkey. The meat to condiment ratio was way off and a let down. Bigger portions are good but the ratio has to be correct. The fries were very good, thick cut steak fries. My other issue are the prices. They charge $18.00 for a turkey special. It better have knocked my socks off and didn't. They charge $9.00 for fries. The oatmeal cookies were nice and thick but also a bit dry. Between sandwich, fries, soda and 2 cookies I dropped almost $36.00. In my opinion it's just not worth the hype. Mediocre at best, I've had a better turkey special for $7.00..I will not return 2-3 stars
I tried to find a better sandwich. I really really tried. But if you like pastrami, there is no better sandwich than their Pastrami Ruben. If you don't like pastrami, it's because you haven't had their pastrami. Katz Deli is actually a disappointment because I've been spoiled by Famous 4th Street. I would love to try other things on the menu, but I just can't pass up that Pastrami Ruben. It's huge, but every bite is delicious. Tell me I'm wrong.
A $12 sandwich?  Seriously?

It's good and all... but $12 good?  I would rather not order a sandwich and sides big enough for 4 people. 

I don't know why this place gets so much hype.
Well this was one big disappointment. I hate to say it but it was.

I cannot judge the sandwiches. But I will judge the desserts. They are overpriced and terribly short on time to a fault.

Yesterday I went and tried some Linzer tarts. They are HUGE. Unfortunately after taking one bite the whole thing crumbled and fell apart like one big Jenga tower. I could not eat the rest of it. Then this morning I bought some cookies and the cookies while decent, hardened quickly after purchase! Ouch!

It was all pretty expensive to boot which only added insult to injury. I considered buying a sandwich but those only look pricey themselves. After my experience with the desserts, I felt it was not worth it to try these at a near $20 price point. I can hold back.
I love this place! Not so much for the ginormous portions of excellent Jewish deli food. I'm all about the bounty of baked goods. The small cookies are the least expensive, you'll regret buying just one. The black & white "cookie" is deceivingly huge with that super sweet icing - It's more of a splitzees moment. I think you die of joy if ya eat the whole thing. 
But my jawn is the shortbread cookie with raspberry filling then sprinkled with powdered sugar. It's insanely decadent. 
Nothing will disappoint you here!!
I've been coming here for almost 45years. Used to love this place well, the sold it.  The first time, it wasn't as bad but now, they've sold it again. The new owners has no sense of community or culture, just money. I ordered the over priced corned beef special Zaftag. Well, that's been replaced by the regular so don't spend the extra two dollars. More importantly, it's not the quality meat, lots of fat, rubbery, and salty. I asked for extra Cole slaw, he wanted to charge me extra, really? A little container which contains about a tablespoon of coleslaw. 

Aside from the poor customer service, lack of community and culture, the food itself is no longer worth part of my retirement money.
If you are heading here during peak times be prepared to wait, gets busy and seating is limited but TOTALLY worth it.

Literally everything is made to share,  sandwiches will feed 4 people, cakes are beyond incredible and 1 slice is enough for 5 people. My fav breakfast item is the corned beef hash and it comes out in a huge bowl, so def make sure to bring some home. 

I'm lucky my sister lives 1/2 block away so we go for dessert and for breakfast some days. This place is a staple if you are in the city or just walking around South street. Just plain great food any thing you get
Famous Chicken Soup. 

Need I say more? Sigh. Fine. 

Everything in here in fan-tastic. Famous 4th embodies "South Philly" to me. The staff is friendly and helpful. The sandwiches could last me three days, no lie. Don't let the prices turn you away, they give you waaay too much for one person to consume. 

But its that soup I keep coming back for. It is the only thing I want when I'm fighting any kind of cold. And happily, there's enough of it to last through the first few days of sickness.
Food: 4.25 Out of 5
My goodness the portions at this place weren't what I expected. I ordered one of their specialty sandwiches, someone with corn beef & pastrami because those are my favorite cuts. Also ordered a slice of the cannoli cake. Flavors delivered and the portions justified the price.

Service: 4.5 out 5
Friendly folks working the counter. We ordered to go, but still had an enjoyable experience.

Environment: 4 Out of 5
A lot of open seating, but we didn't feel comfortable dining indoors, no physical barrier separating clientsThankfully there are benches & tables across the way from the restaurant. 

Overall:4.25 Out of 5
Taking my out of the area friends and family to try this neighborhood joint!
I am a legit pastrami and corned beef newbie. This place has really set the bar. I know this place has to be the best of the best. This place is in such a cute neighborhood. I ordered the  corned beef hash, which comes with toast or a bagel AND a side. I already was like wow, "this is a lot of food". BUT BOY LET ME TELL YOU. My food came out and I'm surprised my waitress' arm didn't fall off because a MOUNTAIN OF FOOD WAS PUT BEFORE ME! I can see why this place is famous. My food was DELICIOUS! I live in San Antonio and I am just thinking about and I want to cry. Why can't I live closer! :(
Only crazy great huge zaftig sandwiches. Sure they are really expensive but I think they can feed four. They make a smaller one for wussies. I only get corned beef.  Hot, moist delicious!! The brisket can be bit dry. The turkey is good but too heathy for me at this place. Outstanding matzo ball soup. Wonderful rye bread. Get a cookie on the way out because the ones they give you at the end of your meal are not enough! It's a great place for breakfast and get the latkes. "Potato pancakes". Best bacon in the city. Thick tasty and crispy. This review has made me really hungry!
Only crazy great huge zaftig sandwiches. Sure they are really expensive but I think they can feed four. They make a smaller one for wussies. I only get corned beef.  Hot, moist delicious!! The brisket can be bit dry. The turkey is good but too heathy for me at this place. Outstanding matzo ball soup. Wonderful rye bread. Get a cookie on the way out because the ones they give you at the end of your meal are not enough! It's a great place for breakfast and get the latkes. "Potato pancakes". Best bacon in the city. Thick tasty and crispy. This review has made me really hungry!
Rude rude rude quality of service.  Whoever that brunet "counter girl" is deserves to be fired. I have such a bad taste in my mouth from her rudeness.
It was a beautiful Monday in Philly and four associates visiting from Raleigh decided to patronize 4th Street for lunch.  As it was a cold day the silly fools each ordered a soup and a whole sandwich.  Four soups and 4 sandwiches for 4 people at 4th Street for lunch.  It's a miracle they're still alive.  Read on as the story gets crazier.

If you have ever been to a Jewish Deli in NY City you know what to expect at 4th Street. Delicious ginormous everything at commensurate prices.  The sandwiches are so big that no normal person can eat one in a single sitting.  So go with someone with similar tastes and share.  There is another trick that savvy New Yorkers figured out years ago.  Ask for (buy) an extra couple pieces of bread and turn one monster sandwich into two huge sandwiches that you can almost get your mouth around.  By the way the matzo ball soup is unbelievably good.  Expect to pay $20 or maybe a little more for lunch but it will be great.

A weekend breakfast is also fantastic here but be prepared for crowds.  It pays to arrive early and they open at 8 AM.

So back to my four visiting fools.  Their day was done at 4:30 so they jumped in a car and headed to Sweet Lucy's Smokehouse for the all-you-can-eat Monday night buffet!  I can only imagine the tales being told back in Raleigh about Philadelphian's eating habits.
Some girlfriends introduced me to this epic establishment, and I made my first visit a few weeks ago for brunch. And all I can say is...

Have I been living under a rock?! 

Growing up in the suburbs outside of northeast Philly, I had a decent selection of Jewish style delis to choose from, and I've been wondering where all the yummy Jewish style delis were on the city.
This place did not disappoint. 

I was craving whitefish salad, so I got the sandwich on a bagel and cream cheese and just about any veggie they offered. It came with a side, so of course I chose the potato latkes. 
The whitefish salad was so yummy. I didn't detect any bones! Just the right texture and saltiness. 

My one friend suggested we share a challah French toast for the table. Which, by the way, is an ENTIRE challah. Good thing there were four of us. Although, we still had to take doggie bags!

I don't know what kind of batter or frying method they use for the French roast, but it's pure magic. I couldn't wait to eat it again for breakfast the following day.

I was surprised we didn't have to wait that long to get a table on Labor Day weekend. The service is quite efficient. 

They also give you cookies with the check! Bonus!

One of the top brunches I've had in Philly. Hands down. 

I can't wait to come back and introduce it to my other friends!
This review is for the dessert.

Babka: very interesting version of babka. Very dense with chocolate chips and raisins with streusel topping which fell apart. $7 for a slice which is a big slice. $20 for a loaf.  Delicious.

Rugelach: full of fillings with buttery pastry.

Apple streusel: a lot of apple fillings.

Dark chocolate cake: very big and rich in chocolate. Very delicious. One slice can be made 4 servings

All of the cake is supersize including the biggest eclairs I've ever seen.

Don't forget to grab the chocolate chip cookies too.
O M G the sandwich here was so good!!  Came across this place when i was on the hop on and off bus touring philadelphia.  At one of the stops, this place was nearby list when i was yelping.  Saw the high number of reviews and that this place averaged about 4 stars...so i figured i'd give it a try.  I was a little confused when i first walked in to the restaurant/deli store.  I saw all the meet but no restaurant or places to sit.  One of the staff asked me if I was dining in or taking out.  I told her i was dining in, and she told me to walk down to the end of the deli, and someone would seat me at the restaurant.

Another staff member greeted me at the end of the deli and took me to my seat.  When i sat down, i noticed how much of an old school vibe this place had.  Really cool!  A number of awards hanging on the wall,  and i noticed how bright the place was because of all the open windows there were.  When i looked at the menu, i was a little surprised by how much it cost for a sandwich...but when i received my sandwich...i noticed how much meat they give you!!  it was a shit ton!!!  

I ordered the pastrami sandwich with coleslaw in the sandwich...BOMB!!  the meat was so juicy and moist...melts in your mouth...like butter!! =P 
The combo of the pastrami and coleslaw in a sandwich was perfect!!  The food was so much, i only could eat half the sandwich.  I had to take the rest to go!!  When they bring you your bill, they give you a free cookie!!  that was delicious too!!

Overall the place was awesome!!  the staff was friendly and helpful.  I had questions and they answered them.  If it wasn't for the prices, i'd be in this store every day of the week while in philly!!!  whenever the next time i'm in philly, i'm definitely coming back to this place.
Absolutely loved Famous 4th Street Delicatessen.  One of my favorite things on this earth is a reuben, and they really do it right.  Tons of meat (and we didn't get the zaftig, just regular), delicious sauerkraut, and a good amount of cheese and dressing.  I tend to be the type that wants extra dressing on the side to dip, and didn't feel like I needed it here.  

When my friends and I sat down they immediately brought out fresh rye bread and butter, cole slaw and an assortment of pickles.  It was all fantastic- the cole slaw had a distinct pickle-y flavor to it, the bread was soft and flavorful, and it was all prompt and bountiful.  My boyfriend and I split the reuben with a side of potato pancakes (which is apparently the meal that Obama had when he came to eat here) and wow it was fantastic.  We can both eat a decent amount, and one sandwich split between 2 was PLENTY.  Good thing when they cost $20!  The meat is piled so high (again, not the zaftig extra meat option) that you have to do some maneuvering to get it into your mouth.  Also the potato pancakes were fantastic!  Crispy on the outside, soft inside, great onion flavor.. I only wish they were bigger! 

At the end of the meal they brought out (free!) warm chocolate chip cookies which were also phenomenal.  Our server was quick and super friendly, and at about 8:00 on a Friday night it was mostly empty inside so we were seated immediately.  They have a ton of beautiful-looking sides, smoked fishes and salads on your way in that are really difficult to walk right by.  All in all, it was fantastic and definitely in my top 5 reubens I've ever had.  Can't wait to go back!
They pretty much stuff a whole mammal into your sandwich. The four of us ordered the corned beef hash, corned beef Reuben, and the pastrami Reuben. One of us even dared to make one of the Reubens a "zaftig" which I think either translates to "double heart attack" or "beast mode".

That said, the meat is fabulous, tender and savory and cured just right (not too salty as is the case for some cured meats). The corned beef hash fed one at meal, with enough leftovers to feed all of us again 2 days later. Despite being good eaters, none of is could tackle more than half a regular sandwich.

The sides were superfluous - no one touched them. I think they expected that because they were, with the exception of the house pickles, very ordinary. The complimentary chocolate chip cookies at the end were appreciated, but probably unnecessary as well.
Why don't we have delis like this in DC? I mean seriously... this places blows anything we have in DC outta the water.  And in all honesty, short of 2nd Avenue Deli and Katz's in NYC, this place is one of the best delis I've been to.

The portions are gigantic, I'm talking Carnegie Deli big.  And for the price point, this ends up being a heck of a deal.

The pastrami and corned beef are fantastic, the white fish salad is one of my favorites, and I recently had the lox (belly, not nova), eggs and onions and it was very very tasty.  I'm not the biggest fan of the potato latkes, as they are more like fried mashed potato discs than they are potato pancakes, but whatever, that's a minor gripe.  

My friend lives at 4th and Lombard, so I always make it a point to eat here when I'm in town.... this place is the shit.
The food was ok- huge portions- not that good for the price. Schlotsky in center city is better. But ppl are nice
Really good food. Will definitely be back. It's not Katz deli but it's the best I've had local! Plus they gave us cookies to go
Nine months ago, I gave a negative review of this restaurant because I did not care for their bakery items. The backlash was amazing. I thought my head was going to be ripped off with all the messages I was receiving. So I thought when the time is right, I would go back and actually try the "real" food.

To preface this review, I take this kind of food very, very seriously. This is the food I was raised on, the food I eat on holidays and when I am sick. The food I eat when I crave a sandwich, or something hot. This kind of food is not just nourishment for me, but a reminder of who I am, and where I come from.

After looking over the menu, I decided it was best to get a Matzo ball soup and a regular pastrami sandwich on seedless rye. I was undecided between that or corned beef, but my server was more decisive. She told me to get the pastrami and that was that. Since it comes with a side, I asked for latkes, or potato pancakes (it is Chanukah after all).

With each order comes pickles and some health salad. The pickles work well, briny and not super sour. The health salad is overbrined and has a lot of onion in it. I had to pass.

Then the soup arrived. A big Matzo ball with carrots, bow tie pasta, in chicken broth. I have high expectations for this soup because it sets the table for the rest of the meal. Thankfully, the Matzo ball was perfectly cooked! The soup not too hot or too cold. The vegetables also cooked perfectly. So far, so good.

Not long after I finished the soup, my sandwich arrived. The pastrami is definitely fresh and plentiful. It is lean and tastes great. A little bit salty, but not drowning in it. The bread is perfect. Pillowy and saturates the pastrami into making it special. They also have a mustard which works well too! However, the latkes are overcooked in onion powder, and the side applesauce they give you is too chunky for my liking. Plus you only get to pick that or sour cream, not both. Picking both gets you an up-charge. I think I could have finished the whole sandwich if I really wanted to, but I swallowed my pride and decided to get a bag to take away with me.

After the meal, with your bill you are given a small complimentary chocolate chip cookie. It is good, but you have 24 hours to eat it before it turns into a rock.

For $35, it is expensive, but I got a good meal, and a slight change of heart, for this restaurant.
Our favorite deli in Philly.

We love breakfast: the potato pancakes are a guilty pleasure. Usually get the nova lox - what a treat. Great omelets - fluffy rolls of delight. Good service. Sometimes they give us free danishes while we wait for our breakfast. 

We often go for lunch, sometimes on the same day: huge sandwiches, great for leftovers. And the cookies - they give you some small ones with your check but go grab a dozen for home.
I've made a personal vow to never live more than 3 blocks away from Famous 4th Street Deli. Luckily, there's two locations.

The sandwiches here are absurdly massive. The pricing is a bit steep but considering any item on the menu could be satisfyingly consumed by 2-3 people, it's not too bad.

I'm a human garbage disposal but regardless I don't operate under the expectation that I'll be able to finish any one of their sandwiches by myself. I eat half, be stuffed, and plan to take the other half home.

As I found out, even their Famous Chicken Soup could easily feed 4-6 people a single serving. (They suggest it serves 2...)

At any rate, everything I've had here is absolutely phenomenal, their chicken soup is probably the best I've had, ever.
On a scale of gefilta to lox and bagels this place is a solid matzo ball soup. 

Word to the wise: if you come to eat at Famous 4th you better either fast for three days prior or be prepared to be absolutely gut-bomb miserable if you attempt to finish any of their options in a single sitting. Even if you win that challenge you lose because you'll be relegated to the couch in misery and with meat-sweats until your system can process through the mountain of deliciousness you will have consumed. Seriously, I'm warning you. 

Inside the place is what you'd expect. Deliciously filled display cases for both baked goods and meats/salads. The seating is also like a deli. The staff was super friendly and attentive.

Foods: you basically cannot go wrong with anything you order here. The sandwiches are stacked 4-5" worth of meat! Even a half of a sandwich is plenty. Foolishly, I opted for a large one and that explains my opening statement. Everything we had was absolutely delicious though. 

Baked goods: giant cakes, cookies, eclairs so big you could eat one over the course of a week. All amazing and delicious. This is probably one of the places where diabetes was invented.

Pricing: they are pricey but the everything is excellent and I'd say it's worth it for that. 

So, GO! But don't hurt yourself.
The perfect NY style deli! Have only ordered take out but everything was absolutely delicious and hit the spot. This is well known to be one of the best in Philly and it definitely is. 

Expect HUGE portions! The quality of the deli meat is much better than your typical corner bodega- as it should be with high prices. If you're coming for deli get the reuben! 

P.S. This place is worth the trip for the baked goods and cookies alone!
Yes, the portions are huge, so don't get more than one item per person, any item, even a side. Good, quick food, good service and parking wasn't too bad.
When I entered this restaurant I felt like I was entering the land of the giants. All of the desserts are humongous. 

On the top shelf of the cake display you will see giant six layer cake. You can buy them per slice mostly $9.75.
The cake options among others 
Chocolate peanut butter
Chocolate raspberry 
Funfetti
Chocolate 
Cannoli
German chocolate

On the middle shelf you will see cheesecake: strawberry and chocolate swirl (if I remember correctly)

On the bottom shelf you will see giant eclairs, black and white cookies, streudel. Also containers of Boston cream pies, Lemon meringue (maybe? I saw the meringue topping), and others.

On the left of the cake displays you can find cookies, a lot of varieties of rugelach and hammentaschen. The rugelach and hammentaschen are fresh and the pastries are soft. Good amount of fillings.

One  cake slice is so big that you can feed 4-6 people. The cake is moist and sweet. I got chocolate peanut butter, chocolate raspberry, and German chocolate. All of them have the same chocolate cake but the icing and the fillings between layers makes the difference. 

The coconut macaroon is as big as a soft ball. Further down to the right I saw giant knishes. 

Next time I want to try the sandwich which will be ginormous too.
I've only had breakfast here and it was very good, albeit pricey.

We came here around 10:30 on a Thursday for a vacation day late breakfast/early lunch.  It was pretty empty.  We each ordered scrambled eggs and opted for the latkas and a bagel.  They give you huge portions which probably accounts for the price.  My eggs were nicely cooked (well done, as requested) with mushrooms.  I had to stop myself from eating all of the latkas because they were awesome.  The bagel was actually quite good as well.  I opted for the multigrain with cream cheese and it was a much tastier alternative to toast.

Before leaving it was difficult to pass up the sweets so cleverly placed near the door.  We left with 4 chocolate chip cookies, a chocolate dipped coconut macaroon and some large disc like concoction with raspberry and lots of powered sugar.  The cookies did not last very long.

I really want to come back here for lunch.  I want one of those massive sandwiches that I hear stories about.
The worst deli by far. Rude servers, they acted unbelievably rude. I've never had a staff act so unprofessional to me. I will never walk into this place again. I recommend that you take your business somewhere else where you're appreciated. NO GO!
consistency is key, and that's what you'll find at fourth street. 

this has to be one of my absolute favorite restaurants of all time. sure, around breakfast, lunch, dinner, and all those "second meal" times, the place can be as crowded as a new york city subway stop, but just like the subway rush, the constant flow of people ensures that you won't wait for long.

the nova has the perfect balance of smoked flavor and salmon taste. usually a dairy loather, i love the cream cheese, which is as basic, thick, and spreadable as it is wonderful (for a change, try the chive cream cheese complete with chunks of chive!) 

and the billion layer cakes? phenomenal. a heart attack in a box if you get it to go...deeply satisfying, and enough to last a week...until your next fourth street visit.
In town for our son's wedding.   The calm before the party begins.  We escaped the hotel for breakfast.  I died and went to pastrami heaven. Not sure if we stuck to our Whole 30 diet, but our amazing waiter John brought us a no gluten pile of pastrami that melted in our mouths.  The  sable my husband  ordered was like butter, served on a bed of crispy greens.  Coffee was hot....eggs were perfectly prepared. Tomorrow they are delivering to the groom's suite at our hotel.  The rest of the wedding party will get to enjoy what we had today.  Thank you for making our wedding weekend special. OMG awesome!
WHY DID I WAIT SO LONG TO COME HERE?!!!

i've lived in the philth for 8 years, and i've never come here? ever? wtf? what was i thinking? it's almost as good as canter's back home, but with gigantor-er portions.

i got the regular-sized tuna fish sandwich, with a side of potato pancakes. freaking deliciousness!!! the child and i shared one half a sandwich at the deli, and the other half the following day, at home.

my husband actually ate an ENTIRE turkey reuben, all in one sitting. i was kind of taken aback, man...he was serious about his sammich, that's for sure.

at the end--delicious chocolate chip cookies!!
My mom & I are huge fans of Alton Brown & The Food Network. So, when he named the Chicken Noodle Soup from Famous 4th St. Deli as one of the "Top 10 Comfort Foods in America," we knew we had to try it for ourselves!

The complimentary Pickle Bowl was a great starter, and when I asked if we could have a few extra half-sour pickles, she brought us a WHOLE plateful!

The Famous Chicken Noodle Soup arrived at our table pretty much served in a TUB with a matzo ball that was larger than my 2 fists! It was also loaded with kreplach, bow-tie noodles, and kasha. Very comforting indeed.

We had to have the Pastrami on Rye to round out the experience. It was monstrous (as expected), but stays so juicy and flavorful! The rye bread was the perfect vessel for transporting the pastrami into my mouth. This sandwich was perfect and needed no other condiments.

It was already so much food, but they just love to keep feeding you! The complimentary Chocolate Chip Cookies at the end of our meal were still warm and gooey!

I'm going to be eating leftover pastrami and chicken noodle soup for DAYS, and I have NO problems with that! This is as good as it gets in Philadelphia... but does it beat out Katz Delicatessen in New York?!
I'm only a little lass who's single compartment stomach can't stretch to the full size needed for these portions.   

I feel like a mockingbird, but yes the sandwiches are big.  but TOO big.  And it's like having a Jewish New Yorker mother standing there saying "eat, you need to eat, you're too thin.  you know, if you had a man, you wouldn't have any problem ordering whatever you wanted because he'd be there to finish it."  ugh.  I hear it.

Finally found something I would actually be able to finish. 
Toasted bagel with lox spread, capers, and onions was really good.  And a chocolate dipped macaroon, which was really good but not the best (I just had the best one ever in NY which has a macaroon monopoply on my palate).  

The cake looked awesome but too big for me.  The meats looked awesome but too big for me.  I love me some Challah bread but the french toast was too big for me.

my meal was really good but a little frustrating cause I wanted to try so much other stuff and not be left with more than half of it.  They should do half sizes but I'm sure they hear that all the time.  I'll try to find a deli for non-giants.
Good food, the best cookies around (and I know cookies), but MISERABLE customer service. My experience today was so bad that I'll never go back. Man, I'll miss those cookies but a girl has her principles. 

I went in to get a few cookies to take home. While waiting, the girl working the counter made eye contact with me several times but took care of TWO other people who arrived after me. Infuriating. They must be VIPs or something. Regardless, I'm done with the place.
ENORMOUS, portions, delicious food, perfect diner feel. I love this place. The walls have pictures of all the famous people who have eaten here, and it's just a cool, old-fashioned place. I got the corned beef Reuben which was amazing. You have to get it on rye or else what are you doing?! Some of the bakery items are huge too. The apple turnover was bigger than my head, literally. You can definitely split a regular sandwich with another person with a small side and you'll be full. If you're not full after eating here, you scare me. I would come here again and again. The perfect lazy Sunday breakfast!
I am a customer for over 35yrs. Stood outside, picked up my dog, opened the door, stood in the doorway and asked young lady at register if she could take my order, while I waited OUTSIDE. She screamed "get out, we don't do that". As I was not inside, I held the door open and asked if she would walk outside (all of 10ft.) & take my order? Again her response was: "We don't do that". I closed the door and waited for an opportunity to speak to the Owner. Shortly thereafter at my request, he came outside. The Owner had more of an attitude than his employee. When I pointed out one of  his employee's just came  outside to assist a customer,  his response was to raise his voice & yell: "Do me a favor. Please don't tell me how to run my business". He repeated that then abruptly turned around & walked inside. Give this some thought if you have a service dog or think the Owner appreciates your business.
This place has been here for years. As soon as I walked in I found myself salivating over all of the delicious meats and baked goods. My family and I order a bagel and lox, signature pastrami sandwich with a side coleslaw salad and fried potato cake. Wow these sandwiches are huge. Expect to eat it with 2 hands or a fork and knife. The meat is tender and seasoned so well. Very thin cuts all stacked together. The hot pastrami with their signature sauce is heaven! No wonder everyone gets this darn thing its so freakin good. The bagel itself was no joke either. I counted 4 layers of lox in the bagel. This place can be pricey, but if you consider what you pay for its well worth the price for its value. For what we ordered it was perfect for 4. Expect everything you order to be shared. We all really loved this spot and will definitely be coming back
I had the chance to stop in for a late lunch around 3pm on a week day.  When I walked in there wasn't anyone at the counter so my order was taken immediately.  The sandwich I chose was the Franklin Avenue: Corned Beef, Pastrami, Swiss, Cole Slaw & Russian dressing.  One of the highlights of this sandwich is that the meat was warm.  Obviously its a huge sandwich ($22.50) so I got three meals out of it.   The only negative part of my meal was the pickle.  I think it was the worst tasking food item I have ever had.  I'm not knocking a star off because I came for the sandwich and it was the best I've had.  I will be back. *400th Review
Make sure to spend some time at the deli counter, checking out the delicious, and huge, offerings.

I must be honest and say I have never actually sat down here and dined.  I use them exclusively for their take out deli counter.  That said I have never had a meal I didn't like.
I have been going to this place for years. The corned beef Reuben is soooooooo big and sooooooo good! You could split it with someone...or just eat the rest later ;) 

Pickles and slaw are delicious and the German chocolate cake is my fav
Large portions of excellent food in a real old time NYC deli atmosphere but in Philly.  Both the pastrami and the chopped liver were extremely tasty.  The sandwiches are definitely for two.  

This is probably a high 4 like around 4.5 stars.
I have lived in the city 10 years within walking distance to Famous Deli- We have been there many times- The owner alone is a good reason not to return. He is the rudest person ever and it has rubbed off on his employees too. After hearing they were sited for health reason on TV we didn't return for years . I recently ordered a Passover dinner. The brisket was so dry and full of gristle.  For $25 per pound it should have melted in your mouth. When I called to tell them, they hung up on me.  Hymies is $17 per pound and always fantastic. Next time I will make the trip. I usually go to Hymies but I decided to try Famous again- Never will I go back. I learned the hard way.
WOW is all I can say... Went there this morning for the first time... We have lived in Philly for five years now and I am quite embarrassed that we have not been here sooner!! I ordered the Challah French Toast and they literally brought a LOAF of challah eggy goodness to the table.. I ate two of the pieces and brought the rest home for later.  SOOOOO GOOOOOOD!!! My husband got a ham n cheese omelet and it had to have been like 10 eggs.. SO MUCH FOOD!!! We now know for the next time to split something!  
It is  a cool place to bring out of town guests too!  The bakery/deli side looks amazing; however we did not try any of the goodies.  My husband said he wants an eclair cake for his birthday next year! LOOKS AMAZING!!! YUM YUM YUM
Wow, probably the largest sandwich I have ever had in my life! No wonder it costs almost $20! 

Ordered the pastrami sandwich and there was so much meat! It was actually a little too much meat in proportion to the veggies and bread. Plan on only being able to eat only one half of one of these sandwiches in one sitting. 

The meat itself wasn't anything spectacular, but maybe that was due to the overabundance. After a few bites, you get tired/bored of eating a big chunk of meat with not enough of the other ingredients.
4th Street Deli is one of those places that I love the idea of more than I actually love. Jewish food is a big part of my childhood, so I have a fondness for many of the items on the menu, but having now been a vegetarian for many years, my options on the 4th Street menu are limited, to say the least. And, okay, it's fine that meat plays a big part in traditionally Jewish food, and that I have personally decided not to eat meat. I can handle that. I wouldn't go to Fogo de Chao or whatever and be mad at their menu. Okay. BUT the few items on the menu that I can eat are priced outrageously. I solemnly swear NEVER to pay $10 for an egg salad sandwich, even if it weighs 20lbs, which it very well may. 

Also, I know that a common complaint is the orange juice... $3 or $4 for a shot of orange juice is just unethical. 

So, to be more constructive, I would have to recommend to 4th Street that they tone it down a little with the over sized portions. Because even though you can eat that Ruben for 6 days, you cannot eat a Greek salad for 6 days, so giving me 6 servings of it at once is wasteful and unnecessary. 

Yes, I like the food and the cookies, but next time I want to spend $20 or breakfast, I'll go somewhere where half of it will be spent on alcohol.
Most amazing and lunch I had in Philly. Their pastrami and reuben sandwiches are delicious. Loved the toasted rye and generous portion of delicious juicy meat. The right amount of dressing, cheese and sauerkraut. Half the regular sandwich made me very full and happy.

The crispy seasoned potato pancakes and pickle is the perfect sides. And their chocolate chip cookies they give you to takeaway was also very goood. 

I would definitely stop by here for lunch when in Philly! Very cool to see all the photos on the wall of the famous people who ate here.
If you are ever jonesing for the quintessential jewish deli in Philadelphia, then this place should be your "go to" place. Yes it is a little expensive for sandwhiches, however, my goodness gracious, they are H-U-G-E! (that's what she said?). I recently got a hot corn beef special (hot corn beef, cole slaw, and russian dressing on rye bread) and it really hit the spot. I am a pretty good sized dude (as evidenced by my profile pic) and this ended up being two meals for me, it was just that big. I have been here a couple other times to get the breakfast options and the portions are also insane as well. Everything is really really tasty. You will not leave this place hungry. 

I would highly, highly recommend any of the big sandwiches at they are all really high quality. 

The only downside is that it is pricey (but well worth it)!
Finally, a decade after leaving Los Angeles, I've found a Deli that not only compares to Canters, it's actually better!

Don't let the menu prices scare you away - it's more than worth it in quality and quantity!

First you start with Coleslaw, Pickles, Salted Rye Bread and an Onion Role.
Then comes your sandwich, with a choice of side from a few different salads or potato pancakes.  The size of these sandwhiches are HUGE - enough for two meals, easily!
Lastly, comes the fresh baked Chocholate Chip Cookie for dessert (included).

All of high quality and very tasty!
Such a disappointment. My husband went in to pick up a holiday order and he returned to the car and when we looked in the bag realized is was the wrong order - sandwiches and fries not a Yom Kippur order. I went back in to pick up the correct order and Unfortunately, they blamed my husband for not telling them it was a holiday order. Isn't that your job to ask?? They were basically attacking me instead of just giving me the correct order. They continued to argue at me for their mistake. Bottom line - They made an assumption - A black man could not possibly be picking up a Yom Kippur order. What's more upsetting is they were blaming him.   it was so disappointing all the way around. What is the excuses for ?? Just correct the mistake and give me the correct order- why blame a customer for your mistake and ask for confirmation from all your employees in front of everyone in the store. This would have never occurred if I went in, because I'm white. Just educate yourself and your employees - Jews come in all shades don't make assumptions and when we call you out to educate , just listen, apologize for the inconvenience and move on. Sadly, the owners daughter, Emily hung up on us. #strongertogether
So good! The portions are massive. I had an omelette which comes with a choice of side and a bagel. The omelette are enough for 3 people. They have amazing bakery selection. They even give you a free chocolate chip cookie at the end of your meal. The atmosphere is a old school deli which brings you back in time. I cannot wait to try more. Everything was delicious!
An excellent, authentic kosher deli, in the heart of Philadelphia! 

Founded in 1923, this place exemplifies what's great about a Jewish deli.   It's a corner store, many tables, spaced close together, all in bright white.  Nostalgic pictures and old mechanical cash registers attest to the longevity of the establishment.  And busy - the hustle and bustle of the staff and patrons in line for tables and take out add to the vibe. 

Upon seating and drink orders taken, bowls of pickles and slaw are served.   One bowl of kosher dill, the other half sour (my favorite).  The slaw iuis sweet pickled.  Authentic and delicious - both. 

Food is excellent!  The corned beef is served on rye (of course) - piled too high to each as a sandwich.  Paired with deli mustard, this is the must-have.  The meat is lean, a little more thinly sliced than you would find in Katz's in NY, but still perfectly tender, moist, salty and delicious.  A minor ding is that this isn't NY rye - it's a little thicker and mushier, but still great. 

The corned beef reuben is of similar size, but topped with melted cheese, saurkraut, cole slaw and russian dressing on toasted rye.  Same piled-high sandwich, gotta tackle it with a fork.   

Others at the table tried a bagel with lox, a tuna salad sandwich and a potato knish.   All of the sandwiches are silly thick, all of the ingredients fresh.   The knish is plate-sized with a flaky shell stuffed with creamy, garlicky mashed potatoes. 

Wash the whole thing down with Dr. Brown's Cream Soda and you have yourself a legitimate Jewish deli meal.   It ain't cheap ($19 for the sandwich, even though it's big enough to split).  Still - for the experience and the quality of the food - worth it.   Recommended!
I hinted at my love of Famous in my not-so-glowing write-up on Zeke's. I hadn't been here in awhile so I was happy to pop by for lunch on the go, as a little reminder about what I liked so much in the first place. First, portions are gigantic and, if you don't have a huge appetite, are to be ordered with the intent to share or save for another meal. (Disclaimer: On my first visit, I attempted to dream the impossible dream and finish a corned beef sandwich on my own. Big mistake. Don't be a hero.) I don't know who's polishing off the supersize sandwiches, short of having a death wish. Famous is known for its chocolate chip cookies but the jelly cookies, which are the size of a Frisbee, are yummy. Same goes for the chocolate eclair, which a friend brought home one day and asked me what I thought was in the container. I weighed it with one arm and guessed that it was a chicken parm sandwich. How wrong.
Passover is only a few weeks away, but I was craving matzo balls. Badly.

I pass the 4th Street Deli on a daily basis. I've always wondered what it would be like to be on the inside of the window seats with plates piled high with pickles and gratuitous amounts of corned beef. I stopped eating red meat a year and a half ago and I do miss eating corned beef.  #jewishgirlproblems

Sunday morning came and went thanks to Daylight Savings and it was suddenly 1pm. Zack H and I walked the block to the Deli and Zack shook his head. Not waiting in this line, huh? I told him to give it 10 minutes and we'll assess the situation then. 15 minutes later, we were seated. Not by the window, unfortunately. By the bathrooms.

It was busy and we waited a bit to order. Zack got an egg and cheese sandwich with a side of hashbrowns which he loved, but my big ol' bowl of matzo ball soup was seriously disappointing.

Lukewarm, flavorless soup with a giant, dry matzo ball (steaming hot, clearly microwaved) plopped in the middle surrounded by overcooked bowtie noodles and a few pieces of chicken. College Inn chicken broth would have been better. 

The table next to us ordered a gigantic bowl of lentil soup, french fries, and a whole sandwich per person. I couldn't stop staring- the scene was gluttonous at best. 

I guess I'll never know if the corned beef is any good.
We sat at the same booth that Obama sat in, how lucky were we! Hahah, we had such a fun time here. We, of course, heard a lot about eating here so we had to try it. The pastrami sandwich was HUUUUGE and I have absolutely no idea how my husband was able to eat it. The proportions were almost absurdly large, but the item was pricey so I understand why. We also had a mushroom soup (which was just 'okay') and the grilled cheese with bacon was savory and cheesy, just the way I love it! We also had the knish and potato pancakes, so naturally by the end our pants were fitting a little too-tight. The waiter was attentive and funny, the food was great, but the prices were a little up-there so we probably will not return unless if it were a special occasion.
The Famous 4th Street deli is a FRESSER'S PARADISE ! Massive quantities of food usually disgust me.. unless it's real good!! This place is REAL GOOD!!! and serves massive platters that are real good... All that great "throwback" food that us of the sametic persuasion grew up with and either loved or "dealt with" is served, right here.. in truly grand style. So far.. this is the only "real" Jewish Deli that I have found in the city. You get your Dr Brown's,kugel, knishes..real LOX..amazing pastrami & chopped liver, whitefish, .. whatever you crave, on a huge tasty piece of rye or pumpernickel (or.. white toast for the non-believers). This is a throwback from another culinary time. 

The bakery is amazing, as has been opined here by so many others. What I love to do is bring out-of-towners here for a meal, one of my most memorable was bringing a dear friend from Pittsburgh, along with his son.. (there are no real Jewish deli's left in "Da Burgh") He was amazed and appreciative.. saying that it was a much better selection than one of our wonderful "haute cuisine" places that we are so lucky to have here in Philly.. Besides the food.. I personally love to let my eyes wander the pictures on the walls and it's also a fun place to "people watch". But you must be warned.. this is the type of place that should have a bowl of Zocor by the register, rather than the usual mints and/or toothpicks.

Oh yeah.. I forgot..my son says that the french fries are "unreal"!!
