After visiting for brunch this past weekend, it's really challenging to give Fare any less than 5 stars.  Fare is an upscale restaurant in the Fairmount district of Philly, just across from the Eastern State Penitentiary (which is a museum from a former jail that was closed in the early 70s). After learning that Fare closed at 3pm for brunch, we rushed over to see if they would still seat us about 2:50pm - there was no one else in the restaurant at the time (they close from 3-4:30pm to switch and prepare the kitchen from brunch to dinner service).  

With smiles, they welcomed us as long as we agreed to order somewhat quickly. That was only the beginning.  

Our server, Danielle, truly exceeded our expectations.  She offered exceptional service, while not being overly attentive.  The appetizers and food we ordered were amazing (from the Pikilia of Spreads starter, to the Gyro Platter, the Eggs Benedict, and both the Mixed Greens and Greek Salads with Chicken (and mediterranean spices)). Even the cocktails were delicious and on point.  

When one of us couldn't finish our meal, the restaurant offered to hold on to our to-go bag so we could pick it up after we visited the Penitentiary across the street.  

Fare really has it together and I would definitely return anytime I'm in Philly.
I'm not trying to slam Fare by giving it a two-star restaurant review. All I could say is that there's a number of words I can use to describe the service we received here, but I'll limit it to one word: unpleasant.
We had a reservation for an early brunch after the back on my feet race. We were wondering about the veggie and meat omelets of the day; veggie ( spinach, mushroom and pepper jack cheese) and the meat (bacon, caramelized onion and cheddar). We asked if we can the omelette can be tweaked to our liking. My friend wanted the veggie omelet with Turkey bacon instead of mushroom and our server reluctantly took her order. I asked if I could get the meat omelet with mushroom, he said now you are pushing it. He repeated: the veggie omelet of the day has spinach, mushroom and pepper jack cheese, and the meat omelet of the day has bacon, caramelized onion and cheddar. We can't accommodated your request otherwise it won't be our omelets of the day, it will be more of make your own omelet, he added with a tone. 
Anyway, I didn't want to argue so I ordered the meat omelet with Turkey bacon hoping it will save the day. Well, it was not iconic. Also my Bloody Mary was more of Bloody water. 
 

Two Yelps
My friend and I had a reservation here for brunch this past Saturday, and when we walked in at 11:00 we quickly realized that we didn't need the reservation. This restaurant was almost completely empty, and seeing this made me get very nervous, very quickly. Basically every place around my neighborhood has an hour wait for brunch, so coming into this establishment and seeing no wait made me worry about the quality of the food.

My worries quickly went away upon seeing the menu and receiving my "Fare" Mary cocktail. It was served with plenty of accouterments - olives, bacon, celery, and lemon. The bacon was crispy and a little sweet, and the olives were so delicious I wanted a whole bowl put in front of me. The Bloody Mary itself was also good - nice and spicy without being overwhelming.

The food was also amazing. I got the chorizo breakfast burrito. The burrito came stuffed with chorizo, sweet potatoes, spinach, egg, and FLAVOR. It was so, so good. It also came with a side salad and even that was tasty.

My friend got the caramel and banana French toast, and upon stealing a bite I immediately went into shock at how good it was. The French toast looked completely normal, but it was like there was a little bit of a sweet, crispy caramelization inside the bread.

I hate frequenting places more than once, but I will have to make an exception to bring my husband here. The food was just too damn good.
First of all, let me start off by saying I haven't been here in awhile. The current reviews seem to imply this place has gotten better. If that is true, this is pretty much a phoenix rising sort of culinary tale.  When I ate there on several occasions about a year ago, this was one of the very worst restaurants in Philly . 

The only reason I am not giving it a one star review is because of the hope --HOPE-- that Fare has finally gotten it's game together. When I went, the wines were spoiled, the cocktails horrid, and food flavorless. It was insanely bad, almost funny bad.  

here's to hoping the place has gotten better!
Came in on a Friday night and was seated promptly in their cozy out doors area, I'm a sucker for al fresco dining and would opt for it at any given opportunity. The al fresco seating was great and roomy. 

We ordered a calamari, tuna tartare, and a seafood pasta. They also gave us complimentary bread and hummus. The bread and hummus was good but a little bland and maybe they can toast the bread next time. The calamari was light and airy albeit also bit bland in my opinion. The tuna tartare was good no complaints there. The seafood pasta was also good and had plenty of seafood. 

The service was attentive and prompt. I really only had minor qualms about this place but nothing about it blew me away. I found the food good and service just as good. I would love to give it more stars. I can't even pinpoint what can be done to go from good to excellent but just as a whole I found it as an ok experience with nothing particularly compelling. I would like to try it again and hopefully raise the review.
First tried Fare for dinner during Art Museum Restaurant Week. I made a reservation on OpenTable, and Fare called to confirm my reservation. The interior is much smaller than I had expected it to be, but despite the size, it was not overly loud nor were the tables closely packed together.

For Restaurant week, we were to choose three courses (1 app, 1 main, 1 dessert), and the choices were from their usual menu (which they also provided in case we wanted to order anything from it). I ordered the flatbread, flank steak and "brownie with homemade ice cream". My guest ordered the calamari, crab cakes, and the brownie as well. We also split a bottle of Malbec, which was on a list of five bottles offered Sun-Thurs for $25. 

Our waters were refilled often and our food did come out to us quickly. However, I'm between giving three and four stars because the food was good, but nothing special. Everything tasted fine, the servers were polite, and we had no issues... I guess I just expected more, and was not very impressed. I don't think I would return for dinner due to the pricing for what you receive, although I may return to try their brunch. 

As another reviewer cleverly and accurately wrote, bottom line, Fare is just fair.
My boyfriend and I went here after a museum day and penitatary day. We were starved. Usually you'd expect restaurants nearby tourist traps to be mediocre but we were wrong. The food was amazing. The staff were friendly and prompt , the prices weren't cheap but not bad for the quality.

We had the SW Flatbread, the crab cakes (freaking awesome) and he had the salmon (also freaking awesome). We had the custard for dessert which almost tasted like cheesecake.

I was truly impressed.  I'd come back in a heartbeat.
Fare is an attractive restaurant in the heart of the Art Museum District in the Fairmount neighborhood of Philadelphia.  They also have a large outdoor eating area during the warmer months to the side of the restaurant.   The food here is advertised as both locavore and sustainable ... and you can often add tasty to those adjectives.  I especially enjoyed the bacon, cheddar, and apple flatbread appetizer.  A main course consisted of a decent grilled chicken sandwich served on a ciabatta roll with a large serving of homefries.  A homemade and excellent coconut rum raisin sorbet completed the meal.  Service was friendly.

Why then only 3 stars when the food was prob worth an additional star?  Well this was an Art Museum Area restaurant week lunch and I was totally surprised to find out it had a base price of 25 dollars.  Say what?  25 dollars for a restaurant week lunch special?  That's the highest price ever in Philadelphia.  Center City restaurants are $20 for special restaurant week lunches and some of the other restaurant weeks taking place in neighborhoods and locales in and around Philadelphia even have a lot of their special lunch menus pegged at 15 dollars.  I never expected 25 dollars.  Of course they had no price listed on the Art Museum Restaurant Week or the Fare websites.  I should have asked but didn't think to because I just expected it would be either 15 or 20 dollars ... in line with all the other Restaurant Weeks that take place in the Delaware Valley.  Anyway it's disappointing and it annoyed a couple of my friends when I told them the price as they had informed me about this particular Restaurant Week when they heard I was going to be in the Art Museum area around lunchtime.  I was also testing this restaurant out for a dinner party I'm part of later this month following a visit to the Philadelphia Museum of Art but we def won't be going to Fare at this point.  However, do read again the first paragraph of my review and you can see I am still able to say a couple of good things about the food and service.
Fare is easily in the top 3 new restaurants I've been to this year and I never saw it coming. It's nice to be surprised.

Words like organic, local, and sustainable get thrown around a lot these days. Too frequently in a concern to be granola friendly, restaurants forget another  important  word:  "delicious". 

Fare does amazing organic with aplomb (and without the dreadlocks). The space is well appointed and chic without being cold. 

Even better, their staff is invested in the concept - knowledgeable beyond the rote citation from most servers. We talked about everything from sourcing to flavor profiles to technique. 

Our wide tasting menu, recommended by Fare's gracious owners and staff, had plenty of highlights:

- Farmhouse Flatbread - Get this immediately. Go now. Green Apple and Vermont Cheddar and House Bacon drizzled with Maple syrup. I could not stop.

- Bison Sliders - Best Bison I've had east of Colorado, amazing herbal notes, lovingly seasoned and seared.

- Gazpacho - Unbelievable nuance and depth. Sumptuous is not too strong a word - and we are talking about cold soup here.

- Crab Cakes - Very solid, but not "Baltimore" Solid. Still better than most outside the Chesapeake

- Grilled Octopus - Well balanced, not overpowered - allowing the meat to speak clearly. Perfectly fork tender.

- Zuchini Fries - Paper thin, airy, deep fried. The real secret is the zing they get from powdered Red Wine Vinegar. Scintillating.

Yknow what? Stop Reading.

Go Now - Surprise yourself.
My friend and I came to Fare for brunch on a Saturday morning and had a great meal. They have extensive outdoor seating, and it was a gorgeous spring morning!

I got the Eggs Benedict (poached eggs and hollandaise) which came on a potato pancake instead of an English muffin, which was delicious! I got a side salad instead of potatoes since there was already a potato pancake as part of the eggs. My only complaint is that the portion size was a little small for the price ($14.50).

I am excited to come back soon and try some of the small plates and flatbreads off the dinner menu!
Amazing outdoor seating! It stays warm, possibly a bit crowded but all the waiters/waitresses are wearing shields and masks and the cleanup between guests appears thourough. 

The food is good and the drinks are always delicious
I've only been to Fare twice. Once for dinner and again for lunch. But both times I really enjoyed it.

They have solid options for vegans. Their drinks menu is unique. And their seating area outside is great if the weather permits. And if you're indoors, they do a great job selecting songs for the background music they play.  I also like that it's a well lit restaurant.
The food at fare is fairly fantastic. The leeks and fennel over creamy goat cheese combine three of the best foods known to humanity and allow you to experience something so amazing that you just might opt out of an entree and order another round. 

Paired with the Water of Life drink, you're on your way to ensuring centenarian status. It's rare that a cucumber laden beverage would impress a Jack-and-Coke fiend, but this sprightly beverage is as refreshing as bathing in the Irish Springs.
SERVICE WAS AWFUL! I called ahead to ask if they had gluten free options because my parents were visiting from out of town and my mother has celiac disease. Whoever answered the phone said that they did. We arrived, the place was empty, our waiter greeted us awkwardly, he seemed more concerned about looking buff then doing his job. We looked over the menu and saw not one meal options that was gluten free, when we called our server over to ask he immediately seemed annoyed. He was excellent at rolling his eyes and walking away.  He suggested to pick a pasta dish and just swap out the pasta for rice. So that is what my mother did, she picked a pasta with a white cream sauce that the server recommended . The server brought out our food and said -while laughing- " it sort of came out like a paella." IT WAS A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT DISH THEN THE ONE HE HAD SUGGESTED! The rice tasted like raw cumin , it was just bad. It was piled into a past bowl, the seafood was cold, and clearly old and rubbery. There are a ton of yummy places in Fairmont, don't waste your time or money going to Fare seriously.
My wife and I have walked past Fare since it opened, (we live in the neighborhood), never went in until tonight. Had one of our best dinners in years. Beer was great, neat little list of drafts. Had the ceviche and watermelon salad and two seafood whole wheat pasta dishes. All the food to us was five star, the pasta, excellent including all fresh seafood included in the dish. Finished off with fig ricotta whipped desert, again excellent.  

Our waitress was great, just cool and normal and very attentive. What a place that we have walked past a zillion times, won't do that again!

Really want to try their weekend brunch which we hear is awesome.
Went here for my birthday dinner and was delighted with the food and service at Fare. We had a large table and were able to make reservations on OpenTable. We had a small child with us (age 3) and were unsure of whether it'd be a good place to take her. While this isn't a kid's place, they were super accommodating in both food and seating (they have high chairs) and I'd feel comfortable bringing my child here to eat again. Our server was so nice and very patient, as there were so many delicious looking options to choose from and we had a lot of questions. Some of the stand out appetizers included the tuna tartare and mushroom flatbread. Entrees were also a big hit. I opted for the halibut special which was cooked to perfection while others in our party enjoyed the salmon, skirt steak, seafood pasta and scallops. The ambiance was warm and rustic, yet modern. Full service bar which served me quite possibly one the best cosmos I have ever had and had some inventive cocktails. I did miss the option to order a simple sauvignon blanc though. All in all, would definitely return when I'm in town again for either drinks, brunch or dinner.
There once was a restaurant named Fare.
Organically made food was their flare. 
The confit duck tasted dry. 
We wanted to cry. 
Next time I think we'll go elsewhere.
I live in the neighborhood but am hardly ever drawn to go here.  It is hit or miss from 2-star to 4-star depending on the night.  

My last visit involved a chewy as hell octopus salad, ridiculously slow service, and a flavorless steak.  I wish I knew what other people saw in this place as it is near my house and I wish it were better.
In the immortal words of Howard Jones, things can only get better. I went to Fare on it's second night. Hardly fair the review it harshly since they are were so receptive to feedback. 

Super friendly staff and attentive. 

Food was somewhat on the low sodium side. Great for the hypertensive but I think some of the dishes could have used more pizazz.

Prices seem reasonable considering the food is organic, fresh and the portions ample. Would have liked to see the farms and food sources on the menu...unless I missed it somewhere.

I liked the yellow + blue malbec...and the free fizzy water! No bottled water here. Hooray for their efforts in serving food and beverage that is organic, local, sustainable, and well, practical! Still or sparkling tap water just makes sense!

We enjoyed the 'braised leeks and fennel, nicoise olives, goat cheese' and the 'lentils, potatoes, peas, raisins in red wine tomato sauce'. Both were hearty but the former needed more pizazz (herbs? salt?) and they both needed more crostini (of which they happily accommodated). 

We shared the whole-y mackerel (sorry, couldn't resist).  I'm thankful my husband has the skills and the balls to filet his own fish because I alone would have needed server assistance.  I thought it was cute that our server gave us an early warning that the whole fish would, in fact have a head on it. Yes, for those of you weak in the stomach or who care to avoid knowing that your food had a face, your whole mackerel will come with head, tail and bones attached. And it will be delicious and cooked perfectly. Well, ours was. Would definitely get it again. 

Also enjoyed the sweet potato semifreddo with oranges. Interesting textures and flavor combo that I didn't expect for Spring. 

Ambiance is modern and clean. Lots of eco-friendliness going on. Boy, do they have guts in putting such plush (recycled) carpeting in a restaurant, if you ask me!

A great addition to the conscious consumer's list of decent places to grab a healthy and fresh meal or a good glass of organic wine in Center City.
Fare has only gotten better since it opened a year or so ago. The first couple of times I went to Fare, I thought the quality of the food was average, decently priced and nothing that special with plates that were on the small side. Their drink menu has always been reasonably priced with excellent drinks, especially the martinis. I went to Fare Friday night with 4 girlfriends for Fairmount Restaurant Week. For $30, we each got an appetizer, entree and dessert. The portions were much larger than I remember. And maybe we just ordered different items than a year ago, but everything we had was a nice portion. Four out of five of us had the flatbreads as appetizers and they were large enough to be a meal. I was full after just the appetizer. I wish I would have saved half to take home but my veggie flatbread was so good that I devoured the entire thing. The Bluefish special was delicious. I also tried my friend's salmon and it was also very good. I had this lemon shortbread thing for dessert and it was delicious. I also tried the vegan cheesecake and I don't understand how you can make a vegan dessert taste so good.

The ambiance is wonderful. It is a great date place but also a great place to go with a few friends. Service was very good. We did have a Friday reservation for 8pm and had to wait 15 minutes so the manager (who is ridiculously handsome and nice) brought us complimentary cocktails while we waited. It rained unexpectedly and they usually have outside seating so we think that is why there was a short wait but the manager and staff were all very attentive.

My favorite things about Fare are the martinis and flatbreads. Even non-martini drinkers like the Very Clean Martini. A year ago, I didn't care to come back. But after my experience on Friday, I hope to meet friends again there in the near future for another great dining experience. This now may be my favorite restaurant in Fairmount.
I like the siting arrangements at Fare. Sitting outside in the alley way seems nice on a good weather day. The restaurant has a diverse range of food options. Food can be a hit or miss. One time we got fish taco and there were big pieces of bones in it. And fish didn't seem fresh. I came here a few times for live music Wednesdays as well as happy hour and dinner. Service was good most of the time . Some times, service can be slow and food we ordered never came. Normally, when I'm with good company I don't mind waiting. I'm giving the restaurant 3 stars for overall service and food taste.
The ambiance was nice at this restaurant. We were able to sit outside, but not feel like we were on the sidewalk, because of their side terrace setup. 
The crab cakes were delicately fried with avocado inside (!), and the Asian sauce on top was a very good touch. The string beans were fresh but not crunchy or bitter. And the pickled beets were plentiful and tasty as well. A very good meal, if a tad expensive at $30.
The service here is not good at all, they dont seem to care to accommodate you pretty much take it or leave it attitude. If you're going to have that kind of service Im expecting the food to atleast be a 5 star..but that wasnt the case at all. It was dry, over cooked, and way too salty. I would skip this place overall, theres too many good resteraunts with great food & service on that strip!
The food wasn't awful, but not worth the price and the ambiance/service did nothing to redeem it. The service was awful- our waitress was just the worst. She tried to embarrass my friend because he asked for bacon instead of ham on his eggs Benedict. Strange choice? Yes. What he wanted? Yes. That's all that should matter. I will say: the fries were bomb.
I was drawn here due to my diet restrictions (no meat/dairy) and I'll definitely come back. The menu had plenty of vegan options and where they didn't, they were willing to take requests to make other dishes work. The waitress was very helpful and patient with my overload of questions.

I ordered the carrot cakes with edamame hummus and my date ordered the crab cakes with bok choy. While the crab cakes were "the best (my date) ever had", my carrot cakes were very delicious and a fantastic change of pace, being on a restrictive diet (and consuming the same preparations everywhere else).

I would confidently recommend this to others. I came for the menu, and I'll definitely be back for the taste.
Nice people.  Good service.  Tasty food.

They sat us at 10:45pm, when the kitchen clearly could have closed up shop instead of serving us.  But, the gave us a full on dining experience with no "can't wait to get home" attitude from anyone.  

They brought hummus to the table that was just really chunky, bad stuff and I was worried about what was in store for the meal.  But I had the pork osso buco and thought it was very good.  Polenta was creamy, asparagus done perfectly, the osso buco sauce was savory sweet goodness without being too sickeningly rich.  The meat was fall-off-the-bone tender, not too fatty, and had a good flavor.  My husband had the stripped bass.  They made the sauce for him upon request to suit his dairy allergy with no attitude or fuss.  He said it was a really tasty dish and he'd have it again.

I had the fall fruit cobbler for dessert.  There was nothing wrong with it, but I could have easily made better apple cobbler myself.  It was missing a sauciness from the apples, kind of off.

Happy to have finally tried this place as it is right down the street from us and we will be back again.
On my first visit to Philadelphia, I had brunch at Fare. Friends who live their raved about the food and it did not disappoint. I'll definitely be stopping back through on my next visit. Uploaded some pics to my blog http://www.livin2live.com/2014/06/visitphilly/. 

Enjoy!
I am VERY happy to say that Fare has redeemed itself many times over.  They have worked out their service issues and have developed a cocktail menu that makes me melt.  Let's take a second to talk about their very clean martini.....BEST.MARTINI.EVER, and it's only 2 ingredients.  I don't know if the magical ingredient is fairy dust or a little bitta love from the bartenders, but it never fails to be delish!  Way to go Fare; I am a super fan :)
Dined at Fare last night with another couple. Food, service, atmosphere were all top notch. The menu is excellent, and the server's recommendations were just right. Prices for food & wine (they have a nice bar too) are very reasonable, given the very high quality of ingredients. This is the most Celiac-friendly restaurant I've been to in the state of PA, so if you have a gluten intolerance, I highly recommend FARE. The three people who dined with me all felt their food was excellent. This is my new favorite restaurant in Philly.
Horrible experience. We sat at the bar and the female brunette bartender was absolutely rude, inconsiderate, and unfriendly.  She made it seem like we were requesting so much just by asking for water, menus, ketchup, etc.  She never asked if we wanted refills, how our food was, or if we would like our check.  The passive aggressive behavior was unacceptable and she does not deserve a job in the service industry. I though the food was decent and had a previous good experience here, but I will definitely not be returning and will be telling others not to go here as well.  Service can ruin your entire experience!
I can't say much about the food as we never got to try it. We waited forever for our server to even take a drink order. Ten minutes later, I had to walk over to the server area and remind her that we ordered a drink. She was far too busy moving back and forth between the outside tables to attend to us. She seemed quite irritated that I did this and tossed my husband his drink (after yet another trip outside first!) 

She rolled her eyes.  We left and asked a local for a suggestion where we ended up at Jack's Firehouse. Way better!
Yes, you hear "local, seasonal, organic" buzzwords a lot. But having eaten all over Philadelphia I can say that few restaurants execute on this as well as Fare does. I'm genuinely look forward to checking out what the chefs at Fare have put together for their latest menu. 

A couple great tips: 

1) Call these guys for your next birthday party, bridal shower, baby shower, graduation dinner, or engagement party. We worked with the manager, John Czarick, to create a personalized food and drink menu for a 25-person birthday party in their outdoor space (check it out - truly a great outside spot to eat in Phily). The food was great and we had top notch service every step of the way. You can count on them. 

2) Check out their happy hour. It's a great, inexpensive way to check out some of their best menu items (the Farmhouse Flatbread is a personal favorite) and to get to know the bartenders.

Definitely check Fare out.
We had dinner here last night, and I am already plotting to return. We had my son along with us, who has a number of food allergies, so I called ahead to see if they could accommodate. I believe I spoke of the owner who answered affirmatively. Once we arrived, I saw that the menu had markings of DF, V, GF, etc, and was further assured that we were in great hands. 
My husband ordered the Greek salad and fish tacos. Both were fresh and delicious. He shared some salad with me, the feta was so yummy, and dressing too, that I may have had more than he intended to share. 
I started with the "water of life" cocktail, I believe that was the name. It had a pineapple infused rum, coconut water, and a few other flavors. I loved it and will order again on my return. I don't drink often, so when I do indulge, I want something really refreshing and more, and this definitely fit the bill. I had the avocado crab cake entree. If you are thinking of ordering this, don't debate, just pull the trigger, you won't be disappointed. I had it with the Brussels sprouts and beets as sides. So good! Nothing is overly seasoned because there isn't much need with high quality ingredients. My son had a grilled burger and the sweet potatoes, simple, and also delicious. He was a happy camper, as were we. 
Since this was the last evening of our mini vacation in Philadelphia, I ordered the lava cake to finish. What can I say? Chocolate delight, what could be bad? Absolutely nothing. Staff was friendly and accommodating too! Go to the Fare, enjoy!!
Fare has a calming effect on me after a long week of work.  This is a great, relaxed happy hour spot and is conveniently close to home!  Now that they have a nice selection of tap beers, this has been added to our rotation.  The beer list is well thought out and always has a nice array of styles.  

The food is consistently good here as well.  We like the fish tacos and the flatbreads, but ordering them other than during happy hour would burn the wallet for what you get.  Surprisingly, they have a fairly strong brunch menu.  The pancakes (any variety) are excellent.  

My only gripes are that the hostesses can be hit-or-miss and the restaurant has a bit of an identity crisis.  They added a lot of reclaimed wood to the bar area to warm up the space, which was successful, but the rest of the place still feels a bit confused.  Great outdoor space here as well.
Nice brunch spot! The brioche french toast is AMAZING and it came with bananas, strawberries, and blueberries which I saw as a bonus. I didn't get a cocktail but my friends' drinks looked really good...they don't kid around with the bloody marys. This place was also shockingly empty for a Saturday morning. There's nice outdoor seating, and street parking was easy to find.
One star with a large asterisk.

The asterisk is on account of the owner. We met him as we were getting ready to leave. He seemed like a genuinely good guy who cared about the restaurant and his customers. He was going around the place, table to table asking people for feedback. He informed us that they are having a very hard time because they were not prepared for the high volume of customers coming in, so they didn't have adequate time to train the staff and get into a rhythm like he would have preferred.

This is hardly a good excuse, because quite frankly, it wasn't that crowded, and telling someone you aren't prepared rarely sits well, but I respect that he had the gaul to offer it; therefor, I plan on going back in about a month or two because it has potential and it's always nice to see new places succeed in the area. Hopefully they get their act together.  

So on to the review...

Went to Fare last night with my girlfriend, and the entire operation was completely disorganized. The entire experience can be summed up with one word...waiting. 

We walked in and the hostess told us there were tables by the bar we could sit at as they had a lot of reservations that were going to be coming in, which was fine with us. We took our seats, and waited...and waited. After an awkwardly long wait, where we watched Fare's staff members running all around a random girl walked past our table and placed menus on our table and kept walking. 

Then we waited...and waited....and waited. 

A separate woman eventually came over after about 15 minutes and took our drink and food orders. She was nice enough I guess, but she left after taking our orders and not once for the remainder of our meal did she ask if either of us would like another drink. 

Then my girlfriends meal came out. 

And I waited, and waited and waited and counted 10 minutes. 

She ate the majority of what was served to her because I told her it was pointless to let it go cold while waiting for mine. After she was nearly done her meal my food came out with absolutely no apology or explanation.

Additionally, the girl who brought our food was seperate from the girl who gave us menus and the girl who took our order.

How many people does it take to wait on a table in a relatively small and uncrowded establishment on a Wednesday night? Weird.

The food was ok but I'm not even sure. I was so mad by the time it came out I wasn't even paying attention. The side of potatoes that came with my meal was barely cooked. For what it's worth, my girlfriend had the caramelized onion soup with grilled cheese, which she loved.

But when we were both finished, it was back to the waiting game. We waited forever for our check, and then once we paid, as expected, we waited again for our change. 

So like I said, I'll give them another chance, and hopefully they get it together because it has potential, but they have a LONG way to go in terms of service.
Love the flatbread - believe it or not all of their flatbreads can be substituted with gluten free bread, which is awesome for people who have an allergy.  

All around great service and terrific food.
Fare, you're making me sad.  

We've been back two more times since our first experience only last month.  It is disturbing to see a different menu and menu format every time I come in.  Other than the inconsistency of seeing the same dishes described and listed in a different manner each time, the most upsetting change is the removal of the house wines.  The waitress said they were incorporated into the wine list, but they no longer offer the Cabernet Sauvignon and the cheapest glasses are now $6 instead of the $5.50 (There isn't a reasonably priced Cab on the list).  Gone are the bullet points on the menus, too, which I had appreciated in my last review.  

The service was still good, the tables somewhat reasonably spaced, and the food is great.  I still think this place could benefit from dimming their overhead lights, but the ambiance isn't bad.  

I can appreciate a constantly changing menu, but the dishes are still the same for the most part, just listed differently each and every time.  Among all the format changes, I've only seen one addition to the menu as far as vegetarian options go, but I have yet to try the new seitan dish.  The vegetarian onion soup is quite good although difficult to eat.  The same goes for the beet salad with goat ricotta, but I still love it.  I would not recommend ordering either of those dishes while on a date or at a dinner with clients.

I still support their local, organic, & sustainable initiatives, and their food is still great, but Fare could benefit from some consistency.
I'm so glad that Fare never closed its doors during the pandemic. This Fairmount gem has been a great way to safely get out and socially distance. They have a nice outdoor setup and patio area - covered, but very well ventilated. On top of that, they do have heating so even on cold days you're able to enjoy Fare favorites!

During the warmer seasons, we loved getting the Mussels and Clams, which was covered in a buttery sauce with crab meat and ham pieces. It is delicious, and we must have got it every time we went. Unfortunately, they are out of season now, so we haven't been able to get any. But I am very much looking forward to the warmer seasons when the mussels and clams will be back in season! 

Their starters are also great - the calamari is my favorite by far. I love the sheer quantity of food they provide and also the taste is wonderful! They have other options too, like octopus and fries, etc. You really can't go wrong. 

Finally, they have the option to do a fully cooked fish with sides, which is great for a date night. It's easy to share, and they have varieties every week that you can try out. Absolutely great!!

I will always come back to Fare. It is my go-to in Fairmount, and I don't see that changing any time soon!
I took our puppies and rode our bikes to Fare for Sunday Brunch! We were lucky enough to be able to get a great table outside, which provided a great place for people watch!  

The eggs benedict with Nova Salmon was delicious! The portion was huge and the everything bagel was a nice twist to an old classic!  The salad that accompanied was simple and very flavorful!  My husband had the eggs any style with bacon and potatoes, everything was really fresh and tasty.
The chipotle bloody mary was a great finishing touch to a great meal!

We debated about sitting there all day until the dinner service, those avocado crab cakes were calling my name!! However, the real world kicked in and we had errands to run.  We will be splitting our brunches between here and Rembrandts!
I wanted to love Easter brunch at Fare, but I wasn't impressed.  The menu sounded great, and the veggie omelet of the day (shitake, snap pea, and romano (??)) was just what I had in mind.  I ordered it with no cheese and egg whites (hey, I like to eat healthy).  They got the order correct, but it came out dripping in oil and undercooked.  When I say dripping in oil, I mean it had a shiny oily glaze all over, and I only tasted olive oil when biting into the egg.  Even worse, after a few bites I noticed a clear, runny goo inside... yep, uncooked egg white.  Not appetizing.  The mushrooms and snap peas were good, but I was about done with the omelet after that.  

At 2pm there weren't too many patrons left, so I can't blame the poorly cooked omelet on an overwhelmed chef.

Side were good - sweet potatoes, greens and tasty toast.  My parents' meals were satisfactory, but nothing to write home about. 

I'll probably give Fare another go for dinner sometime, but brunch was disappointing.
So today was my first time eating at this restaurant and we done outside during a rainshower. To start, I was not thrilled by the prices to startbut still decided to patronize. I got fish tacos ( $21)and they were just ok. My fish was dry and under salted and weirdly it came with fries and a green salad. It took us about 15 minutes to put in our drink order amt they were weak as hell.  There was also the issue of the cocktails they have advertised (pick-up only in plastic cups was not displayed or explained prior to)at $9.99 but came out to  $14 each on the bill. Our server made it right after i brought it up but the manager was kind of a dick about the mix up and i felt he was condescending. I abhor spending my hard earned money somewhere where i don't feel valued at and i will think twice about going back here after this. To be honest the food was solid not at all life changing for the price.
Terrible experience at FARE this evening. Took my sweet rescue and sat outside as we have before. Only 2 other parties present. At least a dozen open tables. Soon two women arrive and sit next to me. My sweet boy approaches to say hello. Did nothing but stand there looking at them, absolutely no physical contact or bad behavior by this gentle boy. One woman glares at me asking if he's my dog. DUH. So sorry I say and pull him back. Many minutes later I see my boy moving to the table to try again to say hello. She flies out of her chair and stomps in the side door, returns and quickly moves toward us. Became alarmed due to her sudden movements and clearly angry demeanor, felt she might physically assault me. I jumped from my chair in worry. She got in my face, called me a bitch and began her rant. I told her that he just wanted to say hi to her and that perhaps she move to one of the MANY open tables. My dog was cowering in fear. Then the manager comes out and tells me that if my dog doesn't stop harassing her I will have to leave. Who's harassing who here? I ask him what FARE'S policy is re a customer verbally assaulting another customer and if FARE is okay with a customer being called a bitch. Go talk to her I say, and I said it loud enough for other patrons to hear. Oh, he didn't like it and didn't want to hear that. He repeated himself and walked away. So very upsetting that I left. Grateful for the kind words from the servers. So if you see a 60-ish blond woman with glasses BEWARE. 
Will never return to FARE.
Been here a few times, and on average, the food is delicious.  They have plenty of outside seating for COVID (but their inside is lovely too!). The drinks, especially brunch drinks, are delicious.  They are taking precautions for covid.  
2 times, pre covid, they ran out of food (a lot of things were out) which is why they get 4 stars.  
overall, great local spot.
Great neighborhood spot with welcoming atmosphere and wonderful food. We celebrated my engagement here with a large party and they were attentive and accommodating. We come here whenever we are craving pizza because the mushroom flatbread is out of this world. Also love the moscow mules. There is an outdoor patio space which is a great find in the city!
I came here for some of their bar bites before heading out for dinner for a night. 1 drink turned into 3, if that says anything about the place. It has an edgy, fresh, young and hip vibe. It feels like a place that you want to be seen at. 

We got the fish tacos and the apple bacon flatbread. Both were light and refreshing, with loads of flavor... Almost too much flavor for my sensitive tastebuds but that's a good thing. The bar bite menu is fantastic. I would highly recommend  trying some while drinking. 

Our waitress had great beer recommendations and even let me try some beer before ordering it to make sure I liked it. We met some interesting folk that were at the bar and intruded to our table while slipping pieces of papers about their cell phone wanting to meet ours. Yes it may have been the most bizarre experience ever. 

They had a great terrace and small garden area for outdoor seating, that was decorated quaint and elegant. It has a beautiful stone fireplace, cozy couches and beautiful wooden tables. If only it weren't snowing and freezing so we could enjoy it!  I truly fell in love with both the atmosphere and the food!
After a blistering day spent at the Penitentiary winter tour, my man and I headed here a few weeks ago to grab a bite. An adorable little bistro in a great neighborhood. 

I ordered the beet salad, which was absolutely delicious, very fresh and tangy. 

For a main course, I ordered the vegetable cakes. I'm not a vegetarian, but do enjoy de-toxing from the meat every now and then. I do have to say, it was rather bland, which let's be honest, sometimes veggies can be. Just wasn't super impressed with the flavors and again, kind of laid there. 

Everything else was delightful....waitress was attentive, space was warm and cozy. Would definitely give it another try, but possibly go for the gold and order something that used to have a pulse.
This place was chosen by a family member for a family get-together. We were unfortunate enough to get there while they were still serving their brunch menu. Apparently their kitchen closes completely from 3 p.m. to 4 p.m. I decided to go with their veggie omelette which had spinach artichokes and a few other ingredients but it was a very small and bland. Some of the other dishes that were ordered seem to be more filling and very tasty according to my party. There was no salt and pepper on the tables at all. Staff was very friendly and attentive no complaints there. I guess my biggest complaint would be the lack of flavor in my food. Their burritos and truffle fries look very good and no one that had them had any complaints. Prices were average I suppose but I just wish the food tasted better. I guess it's an okay spot to dine if you're in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way.
Let me tell you how you can screw up in life:
1. Get hooked on heroin.
2. Run over an orphan while you are drunk driving.
3. Get an orphan drunk and then peer pressure him into running over an additional orphan while driving.
4. Eat dinner at Fare and fail to order the avocado crabcakes.
Fare is a really solid neighborhood restaurant. They have a great happy hour. Really enjoy their flatbreads and $5 wine!

I have also been for brunch multiple times. Their eggs benedict is really good! It is over a fried potato cake (similar to a thick latka). For my last visit, I tried the vegetable omelette and was disappointed. The vegetables were skimpy and there was barely any feta cheese. I've never ordered a brunch drink. They're pretty pricey. I also have never seen it crowded for brunch. Personally, I think they would do more business if they offered brunch drink specials and maybe lowered their prices slightly. Although I know organic/sustainable food can be expensive. 

The service good. I don't like how they process your card at the table and wait there while you are entering your tip into the machine. It's awkward and you have to enter it in manually if you don't want to leave a suggested tip which starts at 20%. It's digital and not an iPad. 

Overall, I highly recommend Fare for happy hour. I also would return for brunch but not overly excited about it.
I have lived in Fairmount for nearly three years and have been to Fare several times.  Sadly, this is the time they chose to disappoint when I was there with an out of town friend.  The food was good but the service was poorly lacking in common sense.  Instead of waiting until we were finished our after brunch coffee on the patio, they chose to move the tables around the room making it so noisy we could not hear each other.  After asking twice to kindly stop until we were done, they continued and even were sweeping the floor next to us.  

This would have been understandable if they were expecting a large crowd or setting up for an event but alas, the staff was simply being rude.  I will certainly think twice before returning for brunch or any meal not at the bar.
It takes a lot for an evening to be perfect.
I met a close old friend at Fare for dinner based on the recommendation of another friend. 
The music in the background was just the type I like.

We started with a bottle of New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc and it was just the way I want it - crisp and flowery.

With the wine we ordered the scallop ceviche that was soooo good, really unique, apparently made in coconut milk and jalapeño . The scallops were fresh, the toast were well prepared and I was happy.

We later moved to soft shell crab with brown rice and lobster...an outstanding dish.

My friend had a tile fish that was also made to perfection.

I fish a lot myself and eat in many great seafood restaurants around the world . I can tell you that this was an outstanding seafood restaurant.

We finished with the blueberry pie...my favorite dessert and the best I ever had.

Service was both professional and nice and people around us looked very happy

What a great place.

Highly highly recommend.
Very disappointed with the service at this establishment. My friend and I had dinner 3/24/16 around 6pm. We ordered our food around 6:10, we noticed a family, who entered after us, received their food before us. When we questioned the waitress about the wait time for our food, her response; "the food will be brought out when it's ready". Additionally, server called my friend and I "girls" throughout the visit, while addressing the other patrons as "Ms/Mr". The other tables water glasses were continuously filled, I had to ask three times to have my glass refilled with water. We felt treatment was borderline racist. My friend and I are both college graduates with PhD's, we are more than knowledgable regarding subpar and unacceptable treatment.
You had me at free sparkling water.  YUM is all I can say about  Fare.  I am a vegetarian but went with four other meat-eaters; there was PLENTY for me to order off the menu which is a nice change of pace for a restaurant not specifically vegetarian.  We ordered a ton of food so we covered most of the menu!  Among our favorite starters were the lentils, potatoes, peas, raisins in red wine tomato sauce; mussels with carrot broth (my personal favorite, along with the next); braised leeks and fennel, nicoise olives, goat cheese.  The appetizers were so delicious we were thoroughly looking forward to the entrees!  They did not disappoint.

Each entrée was as amazing as the next.  We each ordered our own but ended up playing musical plates because each meal was so delicious.  Each time someone tried something new there would inevitably be a "wow" soon thereafter!  Needless to say we had to order dessert.

The presentation was lovely throughout, the flavors were interesting and well done.  We are all going to be repeat customers!  The ambiance is comfortable; not overly fancy, not super causal but rather a nice medium.  Two thumbs up from this gal!
My wife and I have been here a number of times before and always enjoyed our experience.  We dined on an unusually warm February night a few weeks ago so they had full restaurant with lots of guests sitting outside on a nice Friday night.  
Having worked in this industry previously for over 15 years I'm very forgiving when it comes to certain things. This is not one of them.  
I tried to order the crab cakes.  They were out.....at 8pm.  Instead I got the flank steak and so did my wife.  We both ordered them medium.  They came out hockey put black and beyond well done.  
We were hungry and instead of complain and wait 20 mins to get fixed we ate them and immediately regretted it.  They were awful!  
Upon leaving a new table was sat beside us.  When the waitress went over she rolled off about 5 things they were out of.....at 9pm on a Friday!  
We probably won't go back.  They were obviously not prepared for the night and the experience we had showed it.
Absolutely loved this place! The food and decor were certainly 5 star. We ordered they fish tacos, truffle fries and humnus platter and it was delicious! And service was great. We are definitely coming back for more!
Even dessert tasted light and healthy. Not sure if I can buy in to this healthy eating!

Seriously, nice ambiance and attentive service. We enjoyed our meals, but certainly short of  "amazing". Also, pricier than the $$ rated here on yelp though perhaps if you came here for the flatbread that rating will fit.

There are a lot of restaurants in this neighborhood so I'd like to try some others before deciding on a return visit.
Fine dining comes to Fairmount. I must admit, I was somewhat expecting a super pretentious place given the culinary point of view of this place: all organic, local, blah blah blah. I appreciate that stuff but I generally associate it with experiences like the first episode of Portlandia... "the chicken's name was Colin, here are his papers". 

With that being said, I couldn't have been more off-base. We sat outside and enjoyed a lovely Friday evening meal that was all vegetarian. And a word about that: with the exception of Belgian Cafe and Mugshots, there is no vegetarian food in the neighborhood. But I digress...

The plates we had were awesome: the cashew cheese, pink peppercorn salad; the baby artichokes; and the bbq seitan. 

Nut cheeses are awesome. The cashew cheese at Fare is a perfect example. It was slightly salty, very creamy, and perfectly seasoned with crushed pink peppercorns. It came with sprouts and oranges. Delicious.

The artichokes were nice because they were savory and slightly garlicy with whole cloves of roasted garlic. A nice balance to the sweet salad.

Finally, the seitan was insanely good. How do you get burnt ends like on a beef brisket on wheat gluten? Well they figured it out. It was so good! and the spicy sauce was a nice touch, I just wish there was more of it. 

Washed down with a half liter of Argentinian white wine was great. And that wine held up to the spicy bbq and the garlic in the artichokes.

Good addition to a neighborhood that already holds its own in the restaurant landscape.
Wow, farmhouse flatbread was ridiculously tasteful. Also had the softshells special and it was so good.  So many choices on the beer and wine list, but would love to see a beer or two on draft.
The service was good, but I'm sure there are better restaurants in Philadelphia. I was excited to try Fare, as it had over 4 stars on Yelp and touted local organic food.

The room is nice and we had a great table. But the coffee was bitter and actually pretty bad. Our meals (I was there with my wife and 2 teenage children) were okay, but the food was not great and some of the choices made by the kitchen were questionable - for example, my omelet with apple, cheddar and bacon sounded good, but I was expecting cooked apple chunks. Instead the omelet was made with cold apple slices, which completely threw off the balance. 

I wish we had experienced the food that everyone raves about, but as it is we won't be returning to Fare any time soon.
Found after a day at the Philly Art Museum . Menu was amazing , started with scallop ceviche and the tuna tartare . Then the most delicate beet salad lightly dressed . For our main we had the Crab cake and seafood pasta . Both were succulent and seasoned to perfection . We finished with a flan that even being totally stuffed was worth every bit. If you are in Philly this is a must ! I will be back .
Good food pretty good variety menu . My favorite thing about this place is their outdoor courtyard which is very nice at night w/ the heated lamps & fireplace its a pretty cool place to visit even in the winter. In addition they are an excellent gluten free option
This is a great spot ... Great service and good organic food ... The Bronzino is the best in the city....
Simply amazing. Tuna roll was cooked perfectly. Pork Osso Bucco was fantastic. It fell off the bone and was very savory. The bison Burger was great. FYI, it's served open faced, so don't expect a typical Burger, but it was very tasty. Everything felt healthy since this is an organic food restaurant. Oh, and the vegan cheesecake (that my lactose intolerant girlfriend can eat) was very yummy. I didn't even know you could make cheesecake without cheese!
Was here not to long ago with my husband and another couple. When we arrived we were seated right away. We ordered a bottle of red wine and we also got individual drinks. My girlfriend and I both ordered a moscow mule. It was honestly one of the best moscow mules I've ever drank! When a drink is done right I'm always excited for what is yet to come. For appetizers we shared the tuna tartare and the octopus. It was my second time trying octopus. My first experience wasn't so great, but Fare completely changed that for me. It was SO, so good. The tuna tartare was good as well, but I wasn't a huge fan of the chips they provided. For my entree my girlfriend and I both got the Avocado Crab Cakes. OHMYGOD, so incredible. It came with a sweet chili sauce and it went so perfectly with the meal. 

The vibe of the restaurant is very pleasant. It's decently sized, but kind of small. Not too small where you are sitting on top of each other though. I would love to try Fare for brunch on day and I'm sure I definitely will!
This place is awesome! My wife and I just finished dinner here. The truffle fries are loaded with parmesan cheese and served with a chipolte mayo that is out of this world. The crab cakes are served with a sweet-and-spicey chili sauce that leaves you begging for more. The seafood pasta has more shellfish than the Chesapeake Bay.  If you're ever in the Fairmount area of Philadelphia, you have to check this place out.
Food serviceable, service awful. I would expect a higher level of interest/engagement from a counterperson at Taco Bell.
Good clean "Fare"! Came here for Sunday brunch starting at 9am (which is a rarity in the city). Service, food, portions and price point was all a plus. Fare is a great place for those who are eating "clean".

Ordered: "Fare Bloody Mary" made with pepper vodka and garnished with sweet bacon, eggs any style (def more than 2 eggs) with sweet potato and sausage, breakfast burrito (stuffed with scramble eggs, chorizo, sweet potato, light cheese, cooked spinach) with jalapeño salsa and spring salad. The breakfast burrito was def enough to share. Next time we will just get that and add one pancake on the side. The eggs any style for $8 was very generous, my bf couldn't even finish the eggs (he usually complains about restaurants with small portions). What's brunch without a bloody Mary? It was delish, the pepper vodka added the perfect kick and the sweet bacon garish rounded out the drink very well.

Service: all the servers there were very attentive. They filled our water glasses before they were empty. Checked on our table at the right times. Good friendly service for a Sunday morning.

Overall: we will be back! Looking forward to trying their dinner.

Side Note: I am in love/obsessd with their stemware and dishes made by Degrenne.
When I moved into the neighborhood I went to Fare and was not a fan.  However, a friend convinced me to go back and what a difference! Courtney was our bartender and she changed my mind about the place entirely. The service was friendly and attentive plus she knows how to make a proper drink. As a result I came back again,  she remembered my name and, more importantly, how I like my drink! The rest of the staff was great as well. This is now my go to for a neighborhood cocktail. (4 stars only because I have not tried the food yet)
This isn't for service. Our waitress was polite, prompt, and professional. It was a packed Friday night, but she still managed to get everything to us quickly and was great about refills and making sure our table of four was taken care of.

The food, though sounding delicious on the menu, left a bit to be desired. The grilled octopus that first came out was overly chewy. But the second one was great! Perfectly charred and drizzled in olive oil and hint of truffle salt. The avocado crab cakes are supposed to have, well, avocado in them. I'm sure it was mixed in there somewhere, but the sweet syrup added onto the crab cake kind of overpowered any hint of avocado. 

The tuna tartare was on point! Great little wafer crisps that came with it. And a nice avocado purse at the bottom of the tuna heap.
Hovering between 3 and 4*. TLDR: Flatbeads and bison burger were good; the fish tacos should be renamed slaw tacos (at least on this particular visit). 

------------------------------------

The sister stopped by to visit us in Philly, so we rounded up the troops to grab some grub in the Fairmount area. I was told that Fare had bacon Bloody Mary's round the clock, regardless of whether they were serving brunch. And sure enough that's true.

But alas, they were somehow out of them when we stopped by. Not sure how that happens, but they did have food at least! There's a modern farmhouse-vibe of a bar to the left and to the right, there's plenty of seating for dining. 

Farmhouse Flatbread [$12]
Bacon, sharp cheddar, Granny Smith 

We got the farmhouse flatbread to start. Sweet and savory elements were featured here. The crisp Granny Smith apples imparted some tart sweetness that was accented by the honey. This was balanced by the heft of the bacon and the sharpness of the cheddar. The crisp flatbread lent some nice texture to each bite. 

Short Rib Flatbread [$12]
Port reduction, fig gorgonzola 

Not to be outdone, the short rib flatbread came with a foundation of savory short ribs, with a nice port reduction. The sweet figs were balanced by the funk of the gorgonzola and the peppery arugula, which was nicely seasoned. 

Greek Salad [$11] with Chicken [+ $4]
Tomatoes, cucumbers, red onion, olives, feta, red wine vinegar, EVOO

While a bit of a small portion, all the standard flavors were there - the sharpness of the feta along with a melange of tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, and olives dressed in red wine vinegar and olive oil. The grilled chicken was moist and some lightly grilled bread accompanied the salad.

Fish Tacos [$13]
Citrus slaw, black beans, brown rice

The fish tacos should have been renamed slaw tacos because clearly, the fish was not the star here as it only made a small appearance. The slaw had a nice citrusy brightness, but again - where was the fish? The stewed beans were nicely seasoned and some rice was studded with bits of carrot. Definitely a lighter option. 
 
Bison Burger [$19]
Spinach & feta bison burger, opened faced, lemon herb yogurt  

I opted for the bison burger, which was served open faced. It was surprisingly moist and had traditional Greek flavors, with the herbs accented by the lemon-herb yogurt. The pickles were great and really shined - the slight sweetness balancing out the sour. The accompanying potatoes were nicely spiced and were creamy rather than crisp. The green beans had great snap, with a spritz of lemon providing some brightness.

Truffle Fries [$8]
Truffle oil, Parmesan cheese, chipotle aioli, salt

We also got a side of the truffle fries, which were perfectly crisp and had hints of truffle oil and salty Parmesan. It came with a pat of chipotle aioli.

Overall, Fare is a decent option in the Fairmount area. Do try the flatbread and while the fish tacos were lacking, there aren't many places in Philly that can cook or even offer a decent bison burger.
This is something of a mixed review. The atmosphere in the restaurant was perfect, great place for conversation, great service. We got the Mediterranean platter, and it was delicious, especially the baba ganoush. We also got the gingered beet salad. Beets were so-so, and there was not the slightest taste of ginger. My wife and I got the specials - red snapper with orange beurre blanc, and pappardelle with crab. The snapper was good, but it came with spinach and cauliflower/chick peas. The vegetables were not well matched with the fish. The pappardelle was a disappointment; very little crab, lots of bacon. My wife's dish came with a lot of crushed pepper. They ended up taking the pappardelle of the check.
Went with a part of four on Saturday at noon, not exactly brunch not exactly lunch 

The decor of this place is pretty tacky, while the menu and website has a rustic feel, the furniture and wall pieces are trying to look new york-ish, but failing miserably, and fall somewhere in between a faux-nice place, and just a mess. 

The staff: well, this is where the problems begin. All of the staff seem to have a stuck up disposition about them; again, you are not in new york. 

We got a table at 12:30 but took forever to have someone acknowledge that we were at a table, and thirsty, and hungry. 

after flagging one waitress down, she seemed appalled that we would ask HER to help us, and not our waitress

when we finally ordered, and got a salmon flatbread as a starter, the waitress then came back and informed us that it was no longer available, but we could get a cinnamon bun... ummm, no thank you.


and then we waited......

and waited....

(oh, and thank you for serving me my 'fare mary' with a piece of bacon on top of it.. i don't eat meat) 

finally one in our party got a the breakfast omelet, and another got the baked bananas (with plain yogurt on it... meh) [besides the fact that it should have came out before everything else, about 40 minutes earlier) , but the rest of us sat around waiting for our food

so then we got 2 more plates, but the person who got baked bananas also got an eggs florentine which still didnt come out

i got the fish tacos: dry, no flavored, served on a plate with beans and rice.. i don't recommend it

the breakfast burrito: forgettable,

eggs florentine: not bad, the salad dry and disposable

the best part of the meal was the tuna melt, served open face with guacamole (i was a doubter, but actually great combo!)

ultimately, we were still pretty hungry, had spent way too much time, and what was supposed to be a nice saturday (birthday) brunch, was something we would all rather forget.

no, i will not be coming back. 

get it together fare. get your sassy waitresses in order, and tell that one girl to not wear ugly gold space boots. 

get someone to work the front of house, to pick up my credit card when i just want to leave. someone to check in on us when we are waiting for our food, and to assure us that it is coming.
I have been to Fare twice now, once for dinner and then again today for brunch and found both times to be totally meh. Not bad by any means, but just meh. My boyfriend put it really well when he said that Fare is like a track home of restaurants. There are some good elements, but overall, it's just not somewhere I want to be. The bar space is decorated really well and has potential, as well as the wall decorated with birch trees. But, the rest of the space is disjointed and has no comfortable appeal at all. On top of that, the music was awful and unfitting. 

The place was packed today when I headed over with two others after finishing a 15K. It was full of runners wearing their medals, and was busier than I have ever seen it while walking by during brunch hours. We snagged the last tall table available in the bar, and received very 2-star service the entire time. Granted, they didn't seem used to having a full house, but it was almost 10 minutes before they took our drink order. The food that sounded so enticing on the menu was good, but not great. I split the tofu scramble and the breakfast burrito with my boyfriend. The scramble was good, but could have used more spices, although the tempeh bacon was a nice touch. The burrito could have been killer, but it was on a wheat tortilla (boo!), and was swimming in its own juices, making it super soggy! It had some good ingredients, but didn't leave me with any wow factor. My boyfriend ordered the breakfast home fries and received a basket of french fries instead. We were never checked on to see how our meals were. A different person than our original server dropped off a check and then no one returned to our table for 20 whole minutes. It was laughable the amount of times we tried to wave at someone or stare them down, only to be ignored. I was hoping brunch here would be really good and we would want to come back and enjoy the dog-friendly patio when it warms up. However, I doubt that will be happening.
I've now been to Fare five times, two dinners and two lunches, once just drinks. They've done a great job with both the atmosphere inside and out, especially outside with the new fireplace and wall designs!

The menu is unique! Three meals out of the four were fantastic except last night. They don't offer a regular burger on the menu but offered one as a 'special' last night...definitely not a good choice (ordered med-rare received med-well, burger weirdly thick and small in diameter) so stick to the menu and you won't be disappointed.

Why only three stars? Kitchen speed; it's ridiculously slow! The waitstaff is great though! All four times we waited way too long for the simple meals ordered. (This is why I ate the burger because I was wildly hungry at that point.) The last three visits had very few tables eating so it's not as though the kitchen was over loaded. Once I can let slide, twice maybe, but third and fourth time?? That's not a fluke; it's their speed.

So, all in all, I will go back for the great food, but only when I don't have plans after.
This review will only have questions, not answers. 

When will I be able to have faith that a server has accurately taken my burger order? How will I know if the cook screwed it up or if xe never received the right instruction? And when it's wrong, do I inadvertently insult the waiter, the cook, the entire establishment by mentioning the error, thus pointing out that my simple request was unable to be fulfilled? How can I live with myself if after a few bites of my meal I realize it was not properly prepared, prompting a debilitating inner conflict of "say something and wait longer, waste food, ruin everything, or suffer through an overcooked meat-wad in stoic, tasteless, silence"? What can be done in a world where we have lost so much faith in the ability of our fellow xan that simply relaying preferred burger temperature begets doubt, panic, cynicism, and finally, despair?

These questions have no answers. They only lead to more questions.

The octopus was really good, I obviously should have gotten the halibut special, the Pearl Driver drink or whatever it was called was delicious, the attitudes of the servers were great.
Food was average.  Had a grass fed steak, which was a special, didn't taste like grass fed and came out over cooked.  Service was less than average.  A good place if you are doing something around eastern state penitentiary, but not a place I would return to.
Awesome place!

Went there for the first time on Wednesday this week. For a Wednesday, it was very much alive. However, we were able to get a table for five with no problem at all. The ambiance is very cheerful and the service was pretty good too.
 
Everything we ordered tasted fresh and was DELICIOUS!!! The pricing was also very pleasing, for the five of us we spent less than $200 and left the place stuffed.

Highly recommend trying this place if you're in Philly. Can't wait to go there again!
A friend  and I were immediately seated for lunch. Service started out great, and continued to be excellent service throughout our meal. We both ordered the fish tacos, my food of choice at the moment...no disappointment here! The fish was excellent, very well prepared...and a hearty portion. The taco shells had a surprisingly delicious taste, not at all bland. The sauce and fresh veggies in the taco complimented the taste, nothing over powering. Generous portions of rice and beans completed the meal. Thank you Fare! I will return soon.
The food is pretty good, but service was really strange. At brunch, my friend ordered the same waffle, but I have a nut allergy so I asked for mine without the walnuts. My waffle came out with berries on top, his did not. He asked for berries and about 15-20 longgg minutes later, the server brought out a little dish of sliced melons. So weird.

Not my first choice for brunch in the area, but I would go back.
We had a lovely time at Fare, which was our first stop in Philly. The bartender service was really great, and I got to taste a lovely rose before purchasing a glass that possibly could have been too sweet. I had one of the lovely fish specials where the fish came served whole, but had been deboned. It was very tasty. It came with rice and steamed green beans, and a lemony, almost horseradish tasting sauce. I also tasted the steak, which was delicious. I was going to go with the vegetarian option, but at the caution of the server, decided against it. I was really glad for what I did get because it was so tasty. We had a server in training that was also helping us, and she was trying, but you could tell she was new and a little awkward, but I have no doubt she will improve. They are also very accommodating for us gluten free folks.
Service was great, but unfortunately the food was not good. Paid $22 before tax for two avocado crab cakes that were about the size of a golf ball. They were paired with a sweet chili sauce that did not compliment or enhance the flavor. The potatoes that came with it tasted like they had been sitting under a lamp for a while. The brussel sprouts were very good, though.
Ok, I'm giving them three stars only because not everything was off the mark.  My wife's fish taco were good but my burger missed the mark.  Sounded good on the menu, who wouldn't want pastrami on their burger.  Trouble was the pastrami was cut thick and I couldn't bite nor cut through it....Very disappointing. Also the fries were limp, the is one of my pet peeves, I love fries and when they are not done right...very sad. 

Also, the bread they brought to the table before the meal was burnt, cold and soggy.  Whoever let that leave the kitchen is not helping your restaurant.  The chef would be better off skipping the bread if he/she can't get a simple thing like this right.
As I'm not opposed to eating any meal by myself, I took the opportunity to try Fare for brunch on a beautiful Saturday morning. The outdoor seating area is delightful and quite spacious for downtown Philly. My puggle and I sat comfortably on a bench (her underneath on the floor) and were immediately served our own water (hers in a doggy bowl). We enjoyed a relaxed brunch with well balanced  & free flowing coffee and a friendly (and cute) server. The eggs florentine was tasty and the perfect size. They seem to chose healthier options here like wheat toast and sweet potatoes which I love. We will definitely return possibly for wine because I LOVE wine!
I will try and be fare in my review...This is another organic/locally grown themed restaurant. We used to live in the neighborhood but as soon as we moved across town several great spots opened up here. We sat outside in their alley which has heaters and features a mural and soon a wood fireplace. The food was on point. We ordered crab cakes, sea bass, and chicken entrées with a lobster flatbread appetizer. The food was excellent. We ordered cocktails as well which were pricey but strong. Our food was a little slower than tables around us but the service never lagged. Now this isn't really a go to pub (due to the prices of the meals) however it is a great date out or if you are from out of town and want something really special. 

I suspect their lunch menu is a little lighter and easier on the wallet. We will be sure to check that out soon. Oh, there is a bar so drinks only us always an option.
My first dining experience was great. My meal was excellent. Didn't care for my cocktail. Went back for brunch and was not disappointed until I made a cocktail request that was followed by a condescending tone by the bar tender for daring to ask for an egg white. Given Fare is supposed to have high quality foods, this should be far less of a risk than the plethora of conventional egg whites I've had in cocktails over the years. I'll have to explore more places and perhaps venture further from home to more accommodating places.
We had family coming to town for brunch so my husband and I had our usual dilema...where will we go?? After weighing the options- new spots, old favorites, staying local or heading across town- we decided on Fare. What a great decision! 

We were able to easily make an Opentable reservation. Although when we arrive we were even more easily able to get a good spot in the little outdoor courtyard. It was so cute out there! So I always knew they had a courtyard from passing by but I had no idea that the wall had such a cute decor and the tables had little cushioned benches on one side. 

We started with the hummus plate for the table and a mimosa for myself and my husband. The drinks came out almost immediately after ordering and the hummus plate came out pretty quickly thereafter. The  hummus plate was the perfect size for our party of three people and it came with carrots, celery and pita for dipping. In the hummus, there was roasted red pepper and olives, which all sat on a bed of lettuce. The dish was pretty tasty but I wasn't in love with how the pepper came out. There was one long piece that we needed to divide amongst the group- unless I'm missing the point and it was just there for decoration. A lot of the hummus also got stuck to lettuce, which made it difficult to scoop up. All in all, it was very enjoyable and we appreciated the abundance of carrots/celery- versus a pita heavy dish. 

As an omlette lover I was curious about their veggie and meat ommlettes of the day. Neither piqued my interest so I went with the Breakfast Burrito. As much as I love Breakfast Burritos, I usually try to avoid them as they can just be fattening food wrapped in huge carb. I truly didn't feel it was the case with this breakfast burrito! To start, it was wrapped with a whole wheat wrap. The egg was only in a very thin layer next to the wrap, which I appreciated. The burrito itself was stuffed with spinach, roasted sweet potato, ground chorizo and a light touch of cheddar. By no means was this the typical "heart attack on a plate" breakfast burrito I am used to. I really enjoyed the huge role that the spinach and sweet potato played in this dish. It came with a side salad, which was a nice touch and complimented the burrito well. The salad was mostly greens with a small amount of cherry tomatoes and some celery.   Hubby ordered the Brioche French Toast and I barely heard a peep out of him once the food arrived...that's the sound of pure enjoyment when we dine. 

Our waitress was friendly and fairly attentive. There were several other severs helping with water and food delivery. There were several times the table could have used a water refill but the courtyard was probably at 75% occupancy by the time we finished our meal. 

And there we have it...another restaurant to add to the "favorites" list when selecting a spot for brunch.
This was my first time here, and I couldn't be more thrilled. A reservation that I had made at another restaurant was dropped due to overbooking. As it was Mother's Day I was in a panic to find someplace nice to eat brunch with my mother. The staff here went above and beyond to accommodate me and not only make room for us but set a place for us outside so we could enjoy the weather. They were attentive and the food was spectacular
This is the real deal. Food is simple, fresh, good for you AND it tastes GREAT. We arrived there famished after walking for a couple hours through dubious parts of town. We ordered the fish tacos and the veggie omelet. They were so good that we decided to go for desert. A blueberry tart and citrusi all-vegan cheescake. These people really know what they are doing! Both were delicious. Besides the food, the place is really nice,  loved the simple decor with tasteless touches, and service was prompt and friendly. In sum, I'd be there every week if I lived in Philly!
We were a bit rushed for another appointment so we just had entrees, but our meals were very tasty.  We had the duck confit and avocado crab cakes.

The duck is definitely recommended and well made.  The crab cakes overall were good, but I didn't get the avocado... it didn't add anything (either taste-wise or texture-wise) to the crab cakes and it probably could have done without them.

I'd come back to try a full meal here.
The food here was great! Great place for a nice date night. I had the flank steak that was cooked perfectly and my lady friend got the crab cakes. I highly recommend the crab cakes! While the steak was delicious, the crab cakes were easily the best I've had! The staff was also incredibly friendly too! I definitely recommend eating here at least once if you ever come to Philly.
Great place for quick bites and happy hour. Only sat at the bar so I can't speak for table service. The clean martini had very few ingredients but was smooth and tasty. The forbidden romance is made with St Germaine but ends up tasting pretty similar to a glass of Rose. Fish tacos were made with Mahi Mahi and were delicious. The sliders were just okay. Buns were toasted to perfection however the meat was under seasoned. Will return for more small plates and drinks.
We decided to eat here while visiting Eastern State Penitentiary. The food was pricey but looked good and the decor seemed pleasant. At first things looked down as we had arrived in between lunch and dinner; all they had was bar appetizers and mixed drinks. The hostess was kind enough to let us sit there for an hour, eating an appetizer, while dinner was prepared. Sure, it was a bit awkward being the only people in the establishment while the staff had their dinner pep-talk about 30 feet away, but we were hungry and the dinner menu looked so good.

By the time dinner started, we were ready for more food. The appetizer was very tasty but not very filling, plus we'd both had some good mixed drinks. Once the food started coming out, I can say it was well worth the wait. I had the bison which had a strong gamey taste that went well with the feta and spinach. We also had some truffle fries which were nicely done, with just enough chipotle spice for flavor and a slight burn. Our entire dining experience, although long, was well worth the price we paid.

If you're not into organic, fresh foods, with full natural flavor, I don't recommend here. We loved it, though, and will definitely be back in the future!
Loved it!  The "house" salad was  chock full of the freshest ingredients.  We recommend the crabcake.  Not as impressed with the mussels.  The service was friendly and efficient.  The manager spent plenty of time providing the history of the restaurant - very enjoyable conversation.  Looking forward to our next visit!
This was our first visit to the restaurant. We went on a Thursday night at 6:30. It wasn't crowded at all.

We're vegetarians, so that colors our perception.  They had several vegetarian options on the menu. We ordered the beet salad and the roasted leeks to start, and the BBQ seitan and the wild mushroom cakes for entrees.

In a word, underwhelming. We really wanted to like the place, but there were just a lot of missteps with the food. They have to be a little more assertive with the seasoning, because everything came out bland. They also didn't seem to understand how to make the seitan tasty. Specifically, the polenta was flavorless, like cream of wheat. The BBQ seitan should have been grilled or at least fried to give it some texture.

Some elements were very good. We really liked the white bean hummus with crostini that they served as an amuse bouche. The mushroom dish came with an excellent savory carrot cake and edamame hummus.

The service was friendly but mediocre. The host was a bored young person who seemed like a family member dragooned into working. Our server was friendly but not especially professional. it's not a very expensive place but for a $14 entree I think you can get better service. 

The decor was just weird. For a place that positions itself as a natural food restaurant, the inside was like a Kubrick movie. There is a tree motif on the wall, but the trees are gray, and the light fixtures all stark white, while there is a 70s-era crimson rug on the floor, with faux-wood tables.

The dessert options sounded uninspiring and seemed to revolve around a surplus of coconut, so we passed.  There were a few other interesting menu options that  that would make us want to return at some point. But not anytime soon.
My friend and I ordered the following:  braised leeks with fennel goat cheese, olives and crostini, gingered beet salad with arugula, goat cheese and walnut chutney. For main courses we got the chicken meatballs with kale and fingerling potatoes and the BBQ seitan with polenta and broccoli rabe. The braised leeks were a winner - though it was undersalted. Once we salted it, it was fantastic.  Gingered beet salad was OK, though it was also underseasoned (salt and pepper).  The BBQ seitan was disappointing, I won't order it again.  First, it looked unappetizing (both seitan and polenta were plopped onto my plate). Second, the seitan was too soft for my liking. I think it should be grilled or pan fried until it's brown and firm. The BBQ sauce was great but they lost me on the seitan itself. My broccoli rabe was a little wet (too much oil?) and undersalted but the other seasoning was great. The polenta was salted appropriately but the appearance could use a little help. Maybe a polenta cake or slice would have been more visually appealing. I didn't taste the chicken meatballs but my friend seemed to enjoy it. I did taste the kale in the dish and it was really flavorful.  

The service from our bartender and waitstaff was very attentive and entertaining (they definitely had distinct personalities and were not shy about showing them.) Portion sizes were definitely shareable.

I'll go back again just for the leeks and to experiment more with the small plates (and the chocolate cake that  a guy at the bar was eating joyfully) but I think their vegetarian entrees need a little work. There was only one other choice (mushroom cakes with edamame humus and carrot cake with asparagus salsa.  Maybe the meat eaters will have a better experience.
warning: hummus is positively loaded with garlic.

the farmhouse flatbread was delicious and cooked perfectly, even though i dislike bacon. it was a good starter. my ceasar salad was very good too, and my friend enjoyed her beet salad. overall not a bad experience. the space is warm and inviting, and i can see why people love this place. some of the other menu items sounded delicious but were a bit out of my price range.
Fare is a great place to go when you want an amazing cocktail and little something to eat and don't want to break the bank. They currently have a Manhattan on the menu that has bacon infused bourbon in it and it is safe to say I'm in love. All the entrees they offer are amazing. Not one flop of an item. I tend to sit at the bar and love watching the bar tenders skillfully and charmingly make cocktails while engaging all their customers. I know they have outdoor seating and a patio but I have never sat there. Fare is a great spot to begin a night out!
I really love the design and concept of this place (interior, exterior, and logo), and the menu descriptions looked very enticing, but I felt the food did not live up to the vibe given off by the external appearance, menu descriptions, and pricing. For the price point, I would expect a bit more care and complexity in flavors. We had the Crispy Tuna Roll, Scallop Ceviche, and Southwest Burrito, and were not blown away by any of these selections. 

The Crispy Tuna Roll was interesting: encrusted seared tuna, sliced and served over some type of vinaigrette and embellished by some micro greens. For $14 and its small size, I felt like there needed to be more flavor and complexity in the dish. I felt the same way about the Scallop Ceviche, which is listed as accompanied with cilantro, jalapeño, onion, cucumber, coconut milk - except I could only taste the coconut milk. The dish could have used some citrus flavoring (I thought that was a central aspect of ceviches) and a pinch of salt and pepper. 

The Southwest Burrito tasted OK. It was essentially a breakfast burrito with pulled pork, eggs, black beans, cheddar, and green chili. I didn't mind it, but given its price of $13, I definitely was not wowed by it. I could have gotten the same burrito elsewhere in town for half the price, especially if eggs and beans are used as fillers. I wonder if the upcharge was because they cut it in half and placed it on a white plate. Overall, I did not lose any sleep over this experience (only a bit more money than I should have spent), but I would not be rushing back to experience it again.
Stopped there for dinner and sat at the bar. We had the octopus, mushroom flatbread, an arugula salad, and sautéed green beans. Everything was great. Had a few drinks- the bartender was efficient and friendly. We'll definitely return.
