DISGUSTING HEALTH REPORT FROM THE CITY OF PHILADELPHIA | http://www.phila.gov/health/foodprotection/foodsafetyreports.html

I used to love this place, but please read the health department's review of this restaurant before you eat here. HOLY WOW. They found "pink slime" in the ice machine, rat and mice droppings near all the food as well as dead cockroaches. I really wish this wasn't true, but this is their most recent health report that came out a couple of months ago. Given that this is a SUSHI restaurant, you'd think they'd have incredibly high standards given they're serving RAW food. 

Use caution when eating at this restaurant. I can't emphasize enough that I used to absolutely love eating here, but I can't set foot in there knowing this is what was happening behind closed kitchen doors. 

~~

1) "pink slime observed on the interior of the ice machine bin."

2) "Flies observed in basement food storage area. Rat droppings observed on floor in basement food storage area. Mouse droppings observed on floor in basement food storage area. Dead roaches observed on floor in basement food storage area."

3) "Food equipment in kitchen area is not clean to sight and touch."
I came to Fat Salmon this past Sunday with my bf at 6:30 pm with a reservation I made via OpenTable. 

When our uber dropped us off, we walked right past the restaurant. For those that have been to FS many times/live in Philly, you probably already know the area well enough to know where it's located. Anyways, once we walked into the restaurant and were seated, I was blown away by the menu. Pictures for every item? Count me in! This was extremely helpful for someone like me who doesn't venture far from the basic avocado + sweet potato rolls (since I'm vegetarian). The pictures on each item really helped me venture out of my comfort zone. 

For an appetizer, I ordered a miso soup and Vegetable Gyoza to share with my bf. First off, the miso soup? DELISH. I would say this was the best tasting miso soup I've had in my entire life. The vegetable gyoza was tasty as well, but nothing out of the ordinary. For my entrée, I ordered a sushi roll called 'Sweet Meadow' which had avocados, cucumber, cream cheese, and spicy mayo all INSIDE. Wowowowowowowow. My mouth is watering at the thought. 100% recommend for vegetarians. My bf got a chicken based sushi roll and he loved his as well, however, he requested our waitress multiple times to bring out spicy mayo, and by the time she remembered to bring it out, I was on my last sushi roll (my boyfriend waited to eat until he got his spicy mayo). Although the lack of quick service didn't ruin our meal, I would still give it a 4.5 stars. Can't wait to be back!
If you're reading this review 
And you happen to work at Fat Salmon 
I need your help. 

Only you can change my life in an immeasurable way, at least a way that I could not express pointedly in words. 

Please hear my plea... take it under advisement, and then if you want to spread the love as I'm trying to do here... please reach out. I would be forever in your debt. 

And if it's something that you don't feel comfortable talking about online and you'd rather meet in person... just let me know. I will drive up from DC where I live so we can talk in person. 

OK... deep breath. 

How... 
How do you... 
ok *puts hands in praying fashion* 
 
How do you get your lettuce in your avocado salad so crisp, cold, and fresh?

Like... is it that it's washed in a special solution and then refrigerated for some time? Is it a special type of lettuce that's just known for it's fresh crispness? Do you put it in some sort of blast chiller for 1 minute before serving? Does it have something to do with the cold plate? 

I know the intro is a bit dramatic lol, but honestly I NEED to know how I can make salads with the insanely perfectly chilled, unbelievably crisp lettuce. 

I have been to one other restaurant in my life (coincidentally a Japanese Restaurant) that had such a crispy, cold, fresh, delicious consistency in their lettuce. That restaurant is Niwano Hana in Rockville MD. I don't usually go there, as I find that the sushi doesn't really measure up to a lot of other places in the area, but their lettuce is like yours. Unbelievable. 

Ok... my life is in your hands... I hope it's not too much to ask. 

Service here was AMAZING. 
My waitress was on her A+ game 
The rolls I ordered were quite good. 
Chef knows what they're doing. 
Agedashi tofu with the marinated shiitakes on top *Chefs kiss* - what a nice touch. 
I mean... I found this restaurant in a Yelp Collection when I was in Philly. I think the collection name was "Places that you'll get in line to dine at" or something like that. 

Luckily, I came when Fat Salmon opened at 4pm... cause I eat like someone twice my age haha, and there was no line to get in at all.  

I would unabashedly recommended Fat Salmon to anyone who was looking for bomb a$$ sushi in Philly. One thing I'll say... parking is expensive in the garages nearby. But that's something that I noticed throughout Philly. 

MY LORD Philly. Calm down with your bloody parking fees. 

Philly garages be like... It's 17 dollars for the first 16 minutes, and anything from 18 minutes to 6 hours will be 39 dollars. 

Philly garages be like... please get what you want and LEAVE. I don't think I've ever paid so much in parking fees in a 2 day span. I was on some much needed PTO, so I just chalked up the extra fees to being off and trying to enjoy myself. But even I couldn't help but balking again... and again and again. I feel bad for these types of businesses with little to no reasonable parking, I hope Philly can get a handle on these insane parking fees for these small local amazing businesses. 

Oh, back to the salad. 

Also, that carrot ginger dressing you served the salad with is one of the best dressings I've ever had. I would not be foolish enough to task for the recipe - I know that's asking too much. But if you could just share with me about the lettuce, I'd be forever in your debt.
4 stars and 440 reviews? Really? My review will deviate from the mean signicantly.

My friends and I arrived Fat Salmon at 6:00pm on a Wednesday night. Despite not having a reservation, we were able to get seated right away. Together, we ordered the chirashi, sushi for 1, and spicy roll combo. We were promptly served salad and miso soup after ordering. But for the next hour, we watched jealously as patrons seated after us were served their meals first.

When we finally received our entrees, it became evident that the jealousy we felt was unnecessary. The tuna did not taste right, the fluke was mushy, and the sushi rice was soft and underseasoned. Fat Salmon is clearly no haven for sushi purists. Maybe we should have ordered the more elaborate specialty rolls. Added toppings and sauces would have masked the horror beneath. 

If all you care about is ambiance, head over to Fat Salmon for your next dinner date. If service and quality matter to you, I strongly recommend going elsewhere.
I'll keep this simple and straight to the point.

1. The variety of fish from (Sashimi for 1)  is very limited
2. Service is way too slow. Took about 40 mins to get my order
3. Way too pretentious
My favorite sushi spot in town. the decor is bright and cheery, but the lights are dim, creating a great sushi atmosphere. as others have said, it's a tight fit most of the time. 

the reasons i love this place start with its location. it happens to be just around the corner from my apartment. but that's not all. they have a good selection of vegetarian sushi options, which works well for weirdos like me that like sushi but don't eat fish. the wait staff are friendly and helpful, and the chefs will make stuff not on the menu if you ask nicely (not common among locals). 

the prices are about average for a decent sushi place, though the vegetarian tempura is a little pricey, but i can't resist. it's my favorite. they put a spicy mayo on it that is just the right amount of zing for me. 

the menu has a huge variety of "fusion" options in addition to standard sushi fare. they've even added a vegetarian option to the fusion menu, which i like to think was the result of my continuous efforts to get them to expand their veggie options.

In short, if you're in the neighborhood and like sushi, eat here.
I'm a sushi fanatic; I could eat it morning, noon, and night.  I do demand, however, that it be perfect in taste, color, variety, and presentation. I'm not quite ready to give Fat Salmon the kudos that other Yelpers have given it.  I didn't feel that their sushi was the epitome of what good sushi is, but maybe I'm being a bit harsh.

I started with the negimaki.  The beef should have been the most tender cut; there was more al-dente-ness than I'm use to with this dish.  The dish did come dressed with a variety of sauteed vegetables, even a few potatoes.  You would have to accept that this is American-style Japanese food, however, because it's a bit unusual to serve it that way.

I washed that down with a Hitachino Red Rice Ale.  It was $10 bucks for a 12 oz. bottle....expensive!  At least it was truly imported from Japan and not an Asahi or Sapporo from Molson in Canada or a Kirin Ichiban from the people at Budweiser.  This is a general pet peeve of mind, by the way.

For my main dish I had the Sushi Deluxe. The choice of fish was described in the menu as 'Tekka Maki & 11pcs Nigiri (Chef's Choice)'.  It was all basically the same fish; at least, it tasted that way.  The waitress went down the nicely stacked line of negori - "salmon, white tune, hamachi, maguro, etc., etc., etc."  The whole time I was thinking to myself, "Where is the variety?".  At most sushi joints, there's tamago,  ikura, a cooked shrimp, some unagi in the mix, but not this place.  At $23 bucks, I wasn't happy that I may have to order my favorite from the Ala Carte menu. I'm with Joelle B.... I, too, didn't feel there was an assortment of fresh (fish) selections.  Variety should be the name of the game.  Why have 'gari' (picked ginger) to clean the palate when the fish looks similar and taste basically the same.

I was personally disappointed in Fat Salmon.
I ordered to-go an avocado roll and a vegetable tempura roll for lunch today.  I was given an avocado roll with completely spoiled and brown avocado.  Not only that, each brown piece was covered with a thin slice of fresh avocado.  I guess so I didn't notice it.  Not only did they give me a roll with spoiled avocado, they knew it and TRIED TO COVER IT UP.  When I called to get a refund, I was told they couldn't give me one.  Here is a link to a picture if it works, so you know I'm telling the truth.  You can notice the thin slices of avocado they used to cover up the spoiled food they tried to trick me into eating.  http://i83.photobucket.com/albums/j302/Kitty782/photo3.jpg.  It would be one thing if they didn't notice, but they clearly noticed and tried to cover it up and serve it to me anyway.  Disgusting.  I won't be going back here.
I went here on Sunday of 4th of July weekend. The place was pretty empty, yet we were told that we had to sit at the sushi bar, because they had no available tables. There were 3 of us, so it was a little awkward. I was very skeptical that the place would really fill up on Sunday, July 3rd, but we went with it. After we ordered, our server offered us a table, saying that someone missed their reservation. That was nice. 

We ordered seaweed salad and avocado salad to start. I love the ginger dressing that always comes on avocado salad, and I also love seaweed salad. Both were very good, especially the seaweed salad.

We ordered 6 rolls for 3 people, and even with the salads - were a little worried it might not be enough. Ha! We got : spicy tuna, alaska, eel and cucumber, dragon roll, yellowtail and scallion, and a fancy one called miss sake bomb (or something).  The rolls were very well presented and even though they were only 6 pieces each, each piece was very large! All 3 of us loved different rolls - so that means they were all very tasty. The Miss Sake Bomb wasn't as good as we were expecting - the cooked salmon on top threw me off, but it was still tasty.

Plus: My friend asked for gluten free soy sauce, and was told that they didn't carry it. The server felt bad though, so she apparently went and found a bottle (not sure how) so that my friend could have soy sauce!  

5 stars because it's the best sushi I've had in Philly, I think. Not saying it's the best, but I loved it.
If you're looking for salmon -- you won't find it here!

My friends and I came here to get a more "highend" experience with some delicious sushi. The interior of the restaurant screamed fancy and classy, with dimmed lighting and candles on the table. However, it was really stuffy inside and felt like there was no air movement or ventilation. My boyfriend had a hard time breathing in the restaurant, and even had to go out a few times outside to get some fresh air!

We were really hoping this restaurant had salmon (hence its name), but there were barely any rolls with salmon in it. We ended up getting the sushi and sashimi combination along with some other rolls. We also tried a tempura appetizer with shrimp and other assorted vegetables! Overall, the sushi did not taste bad, but seemed pretty...average? for the high price. For the salmon sashimi that my boyfriend ate, he said it tasted really bad and was even sour! We werent sure if it was because the sashimi was bad, or if it had turned bad from the candles on the table.

Overall for the cost and quality of the sushi, I do not think it was worth it and will not be back. There are definitely so many more restaurants in Philly!
I arrived at Fat Salmon with some co-workers just as they were opening for lunch. We'd heard great things about this place and were happy to finally check it out.  The atmosphere was really nice.  I liked the soft blue tinted lights and the modern white tables.  We were seated after a few minutes.  There are quite a few lunch specials to choose from ranging between $8 - $14.  They all come with miso soup or your typical American Japanese restaurant ginger salad.  

     The waitress came over to take our drink order.  One person in my party ordered seltzer with lime.  It took a while for the waitress to come back, but when she finally did, she told us that didn't have seltzer, but Perrier.  My friend said that was fine. She disappeared for a while.  We were ready to order and wondering when she'd come back.  Finally she comes back with the drinks and said that they were still cutting the lime in the kitchen.  Really?  It takes that long to slice a lime wedge?  We weren't off to the best start, but whatever.  We were hungry.   Finally, we ordered.   I decided on the nigiri set with the salad.  We ordered the vegetable tempura appetizer to share.  

     The appetizer came out along with the lime slice.  It was a pretty good amount of veggies and included broccoli, sweet potato, and bell peppers.  The taste was fine, but it was just lukewarm.  Tempura is so much better when it's fresh out of the oil.  The other strange thing was the dipping sauce that accompanied it.  It was not the usual dashi stock, but instead what tasted like a rice vinegar, soy, and shichimi togarashi (red pepper spice mix usually served with udon noodle soup).  It wasn't bad, but just not what I'd serve with tempura.  Also the container was too shallow to dip it in.  Ten minutes later, when we only had one piece of tempura left, the waitress comes by and sets down a bowl of sauce on the table.  We ask, "What's that?"  She says, "Oh the sauce for that is supposed to be this, but you don't have to use it," and walks away.  A little strange, and a little too late.  

     Then the main course arrives.  It looked really good.  I ate a piece of nigiri and was turned off by the temperature.  It tasted okay, but the whole piece was warm.  I don't like my sushi cold, but it should be room temperature, not warm like it's been cooked.  I think the sushi chef didn't fan the rice, and got in a hurry and used it before it cooled completely. The warm rice ended up heating the fish.  Also, the rice itself was falling apart and it was hard to pick up the pieces.  This also was most likely a result of improper cooling.  I've never had that kind of problem before anywhere.  What a disappointment.  The fish itself was not nearly as good as Sagami in Jersey, or even remotely close to what I've had in Japan.  I also tasted one of my co-workers rolls, and it was very bland.   

      I'm glad I went for lunch and not dinner because at least I walked away disappointed without a huge bill.  With lots of other places to go in Philly, Fat Salmon would not be at the top of my list for high quality sushi even though their dining room looks lovely.
Love Fat Salmon. Been here a couple of times for date night and every time is a great experience. Went around 6pm both nights so no waiting but around the time we leave at 7:30p-8pm, there's a line of people waiting for tables. 

Sushi is fresh and there are a lot of options for the traditional roll or if you want something funky and different. Last week, we have the fried dumplings which were very flavorful and the veggie tempura which was a very large portion. Then we had a few specialty rolls. I really enjoyed the Fat Futo roll with all the different types of fish (salmon, tuna, yellowtail) in one roll and the M&M roll which had marinated beef in it. Everything was so delicious that even though we were full, we continued to eat so that's a good sign that the food was good but bad idea for us because we ended up in a food coma afterwards.

With a full stomach, we still saved a little room for dessert. We picked the vanilla fried ice cream and that was also a large portion, enough to feed 4-5 people comfortably even though it was just the two of us. The tempura skin was a bit thick and not as crispy as what I would have liked but it's fried ice cream, so it was yummy either way.
EDIT: Thought the food was very fresh, but ended up getting food poisoning. Regardless, the sashimi tasted great and the waitstaff was amazing!!!

------------

Was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant.  
Came here on a Tuesday night around 8PM. Upon entering, the whole restaurant is covered in a blue hue and the ambiance of the restaurant is very bougie. Our waiter was extremely nice and very accommodating. 

My coworker and I ordered the sashimi for 2 and two sides of rice. The sashimi platter comes with miso soup and salad for 2. WE switched out the regular salad for seaweed salad for an additional $3 each. 

The miso soup has a lot of seaweed in it and tastes very good. Similarly the seaweed salad has a lot of seaweed for $6. 
The sashimi is surprisingly fresh and the tuna does not have even a hint of fishyness to it. The rice is very plain and is literally...just rice-- which is to be expected. However, we asked for sushi vinegar which will instantly spice up your bowl of rice (basically becomes the rice they use in sushi and chirashi bowls).

All in all, this restaurant was really good. The selection on the menu is very typical of any sushi restaurant, but the actually food is definitely fresher than average.
One of my favorite places for sushi in Philadelphia!

Fat Salmon is delicious and they have tons of specialty rolls that you will have never had before. The menu also has pictures to give you an idea of what you're ordering.

I went this Friday around 9:15pm and it wasn't that crowded. Oddly enough, they said it would be a wait but I could sit at the sushi bar for less of a wait. 2 minutes later, we got sat at the sushi bar, but there were a few tables that were empty all night so I'm kind of curious why I couldn't get a table.

As for the food, I got the edamame which was simple, but came out after my beef fried gyoza. Seemed weird on timing but I love their gyoza. It was hot, perfectly crisp and lots of flavor. The dipping sauce was delicious as well. For the sushi, I got the spicy tuna roll which was good and the rolling fire, with the topping on the side! This roll is DELICIOUS but dangerously hot and spicy. Overall, great ambiance and romantic setting. Be sure to stop by here and stop for ice cream and Sweet Charlies for dessert that's next door.
My review from last year is no longer enough. Shinju might be my favorite place to go, in the city. It is quiet and friendly.  

While the service can sometimes feel a little slow, it's in actuality just un-rushed.  The sushi is delightful (assuming you like fusion rolls) and always presented well. 

There are some places that breed hostility.  You know, those restaurants you frequent when you're fighting with your significant other.  Shinju is the exact opposite of those. I have never had a bad experience or a bad time, here. I don't think it's possible to be unhappy in this tiny byo.
Review Summary: Ambience: 4/5     Food: 5/5     Service: 3/5

Yes it's true, the wait for food and seating can be long and this place is definitely a little pricier than some other sushi restaurants in town but oh, how I love it. 

When I do come here, I usually get their special rolls, which have all been so delicious. I especially like the Rolling Fire because of its extra spicy kick. I don't get the nigiri/sashimi very often, mostly because my poor wallet can't take the hit, but I once tried the mackerel and it was the best I've tasted in Philadelphia. Finish your meal off with a tasty plate of fried ice cream (this dish always makes me feel like a delighted child, but they've tweaked the ice cream just enough to kick things up a notch) and voila!

Come to the Fat Salmon. You won't regret it.
Based on Caitlin C.'s yelp review, I went here to get some excellent sushi for a great price... and it was amazing.

The restaurant is very intimate and the decor has a lot of spirit.  It isn't trying to say trendy and it isn't traditional.  It really speaks to the spirit of its own character without bowing to what a sushi place should or shouldn't be.

So many choices for sushi!  There were special platters, featured sushi dishes, and of course a la carte options as well.

The presentation and quality of taste is amazing.  There are also a great variety of appetizers to choose from as well.  I had a hard time deciding what I was going to get, but in the end I decided on Tekka maki, a special sushi dish, and the Gyoza beef dumplings which I shard with my friend.

As mentioned in the other review, this is a BYOB, so just bring what you want and they'll give you glasses as soon as they have found you a table.

For dessert, they have three ice creams: Mocha, Green Tea, and Red Bean.  I opted for the red bean and my friend chose the green tea.  Red bean is definitely the way to go.  The green tea was, well, it tasted like frozen unsweetened green tea.  Its verisimilitude to the drink was uncanny.  So, my recommendation is to stick with the other two more sweet ice creams if you are looking for a dessert treat.

Get reservations as there often will not be an open table between prime dining hours.

Tip: This place is right down the street from the Walnut Street Theater.  I would definitely eat here before a show!
My favorite sashimi place around this area used to be Sagami. However, my last experience there was tainted after I was deliberately told by our server to order food from the kitchen and not the sushi menu unless, I wanted to wait an additional 2 hours. No thanks. 

I was in need of finding another sashimi place, since I don't trust most Philly sushi restaurants for purely raw fish. I came here after many recommendations, and this place definitely lived up to the hype. 

For about $50, we ordered the sashimi platter for 2. Every slice was perfectly cut and fresh. I am super picky about sashimi quality, as my brother is an avid fisherman, and this place definitely impressed.
1. Variety
2. Fresh
3. Trendy ambience

Consumed: (In order of preference)
Lost Rainbow
Dancing Vampire
Miss Sake Bomb
Spicy Tuna Crunch
Shrimp Tempura
Alaskan Roll

I love sushi and hailing from Seattle, where there's always fresh seafood, this place is comparable! The sushi was very fresh and I really liked the variety of choices. The Lost Rainbow was my favorite. The texture and flavor was top notch. Dancing Vampire came closely second with the crunchiness and kick of chili flavor. Mmmm, I'm really inspired to embark on a sushi making adventure.  

Also, their rolls come out in sixes, go in a group of 3 or 6--perfect for sampling.
Whoa!!!!! I had a delicious dinner last night at Fat Salmon and i need to talk about it. Lol.

**This review is written from a vegetarians perspective** While I usually get down with fish I wanted to dinner with my vegetarian gf. (omg, I'm such a giver) Veggie rolls usually include cucumber, asparagus, pickled stuff, carrots if they are feeling crazy!  So when i saw that FS offered 4 specialty vegetarian rolls we were both bout it bout it. 

Starting it off a $38 bottle of wine that was delicious accompanied with an order of veggie gyoza. Yum. We ordered 3 rolls to share.  Sweet meadow, Kimchee ya, and Old school. Usually I'd order 5-6 rolls to share but our waiter discouraged us from over ordering.  (good look) These rolls were substantial and oh so savory!  We agreed that our favorite was the Sweet Meadow!  I don't love eggplant but it had a very similar profile to eel. I should have ordered 3-33 additional rolls. The Old School was full of squash, shiitake, fried onions, cucumber, avocado with a spicy sauce. Good lord, this was wonderful roll.  Next visit, I'll just order 3-33 of these rolls as well.  The kimchee roll was flavorful and while we enjoyed it, it didn't blow our minds as the first ones had done. 

Service was great, ambiance was very nice and we left talking about how great those rolls were.

I will definitely return and shall share this wonderful experience with my vegetarian friends. The menu is full of options for everyone! 5 stars deserved!
Moved away from philadelphia 4 years ago, but recently on an east coast tour came back to fat salmon (previously known as Shinju) because this is hands-down our favorite sushi place ever.

This is coming from someone who lives in LA two miles away from Little Tokyo. 

This place is a cannot-miss for anyone living in Philly. It's BYOB. Very reasonably priced. And their spicy tuna with crunch and fancy salmon roll.. there is nothing to compare to that. 

The old shinju was really romantic for a date-night. The new fat salmon is a little bit more modern appearing, but also seems well-lit.
Absolutely delicious and fresh sushi!  I like pretty much all of their rolls, and sushi is definitely something that individuals have strong preferences for, so rather than list off all the items I get, my suggestion is to just go with your gut.  If it looks great, order it! It will be amazing, and you will be happy you used your instincts!

My favorite thing to do is come with a small group of about 3-4 and order a bunch of stuff to share.  You cannot go wrong with this method!  

I highly recommend getting started with the seaweed salad and the crispy rice appetizer (this can also be made vegetarian if you would like), then move on to the sushi/sashimi.  For the grand finale of your meal, enjoy some dessert!  I personally like the tempura ice cream!
Fat Salmon is a solid choice for delivery sushi! 

PROS: 
* Rolls are HUGE, seriously. Almost too big to eat one piece in one bite. The two of us ordered 4 rolls and there was a lot left over. 
* Fish is fresh & delicious. 
* Lots of options for modifications, from having a different wrap or rice to including add'l ingredients. 
* Price is on point! 
* HUGE selection... but you do need to know what you want (the Caviar menu is very sparse, does not include descriptions, and often just uses the Japanese (?) name (for example, what is enkai?). 

CONS: 
* NOT a ton of ginger & wasabi included... we always end up adding on add'l (for $1 each). 
* Only 4 shumai in an order (typically there are 6-8 from other places). 
* Delivery was a bit slow.
yum yum yum.  
so i made the trek halfway across town for some sushi tonight (after reading the rave reviews here on yelp!).
so it's my own fault for not reading the reviews as thoroughly that i did not notice that it was byo.  i will correct that mistake next time.
in any case, it was damn tasty.  there are your standard sushi fare...and then there's the quite fab funky rolls.  i had the locust (tempura tuna and crab and avocado and and and....) and the lady vampire (yes, i ordered it purely for the name).  and it lived up to its yelp hype.
oh, and they make one kick ass agedashi tofu.  i seriously judge places based on how authentic their tofu is...and this place is quite hardcore.
so next time, there will be sake and sushi for me.  rock.
Decent sushi - I'm not sure why it has such high reviews  I was looking forward to coming here and was disappointed in general. The prices a great but I just wasn't in love with my roll- it don't think it was worth the walk over but I would be willing to give it a second try- maybe I just didn't order the right thing!
Majority of rolls are very, very creative - not typical straightforward plain boring sushi (though they have that too, if you're into that).  

My last two visits were disappointing, I finally figured out why: most of the more creative rolls also feature some type of cooked meat/seafood/fish, or something tempura-ed.  Not showcasing a lot of raw fish.  Also, almost every roll is doused in some type of sauce (spicy, eel, etc.) which detracts from the actual contents of the roll.  Again, not a bad thing, just not MY thing.

My first date with the boyfriend was at Shinju, now Fat Salmon.  It will always have a special place in my heart, but it just isn't the same.  Womp womp.
Although I am not a fan of the name change (Shinju was so much cooler), they got everything else right.  First FS kept everything good about about the old spot (namely the fresh and innovative sushi) and fixed the things that were holding it back from sushi greatness, namely:
- More tables translates into shorter lines
- More space; tables are further apart (you can still talk to your neighbors, you just don't have to anymore)
- More sushi chefs = less time waiting (and drooling over your neighbors food)

Bottom line: This is the best sushi for your $$$ in Philly!
Absolutely delicious!  We were a large group, party of 8. I made the reservation on yelp and it was perfect. It's a small place so a reservation is suggested. We were there on a Tuesday and it was still very busy. Everything was amazing and the price was just right. Huge sushi rolls were around $12 and bottles of wine for $36. We got the grilled octopus and edamame to start. And few of my friends had the avocado salad. We had a a few vampire rolls, spider roll and a couple other speciality rolls and a grilled chicken dish. 

For 8 of us with wine and a ton of food it was about $40 per person. I thought that was fantastic for the amazing food and amazing service. Our waiter was spencer, but the entire staff was very nice and helpful. I do not live in PA, but when I come back, I will definitely go to fat salmon!
Fat Salmon is so great!  It looks too hip to skip if you were to glance in from the outside, but it has a really approachable, friendly, casual environment inside.

The sushi?  Phenomenal.  My new favorite.  My dining partner got some interesting curried dish.  I'm not sure what it was, but he loved it.  I usually have to somewhat drag him to sushi but this place has solid non sushi options, too!  They have an interesting selection of saki and japanese beers if you want to drink.

The service here was great.  We saw a waitress chase a guy down Walnut Street who left is leftovers on the table.  That's devotion.

Would I come back?  Duh.  All the time.  AND they do take out for sushi on the go !
This is a hidden BYOB gem that I am trying to tell all my I-think-I-know-it-all-Philly-foodie friends about. And now I am telling you.

Let's start with their motto: "Till the fat salmon sings." This sushi joint is funny, creative and colorful. The walls are painted yellow, green and orange, but don't worry - it is dimly lit at night for date dinners as well. Although it is probably only 400 square feet, Shinju has a little Tiki Bar (aka: sushi bar covered in palm reeds) and about 10 tables. The walls are lined with a graphic artist's portrayal of dancing, cartoon-like sushi pieces. 

Anything you get here is going to be delectable. And I don't know what everyone's Genji deal is . . . this is a lot better!

To make your choice a lot easier, I have created a menu for you and your loved ones.

Caitlin's Menu:
Beef Gyoza (Japanese dumpling) to start
Rock & Roll (tuna, salmon, cucumber inside; tempura crunch outside)
M & M (marinated beef inside)
Spicy Tuna Crunch (tuna, tempura crunch, cucumber, tobiko)
Green Tea Ice Cream

At this point of the meal you are converted.
When I go out for sushi, I tend to have to make do with an avocado roll and leave it at that. I couldn't believe my eyes when I sat down at Fat Salmon and saw EIGHT different veggie rolls on the menu. Are you kidding me, is this real life?! And then my jaw hit the floor when I saw six kinds of vegetarian nigiri. Have I died and gone to the big veg sushi bar in the sky?

It took all my will power not to order everything, so I settled on two rolls: shiitake and midori. They were kind of skimpy and not total flavor bombs, but they filled me up and were way better than some standard veggie rolls I've had in the past. I was impressed when they brought out a bottle of tamari for another customer, very cool. The place is pretty trendy, great if you want to break out your cute heels and not feel over done, but perhaps a little much for the casual afternoon sector. The service was slow but pleasant - it took us close to an hour for lunch, but we weren't in a hurry.

I will definitely be back to try every single roll and nigiri! I feel spoiled silly by all the options and can't wait to dive face first in it all.
My fiancé and I decided to celebrate our engagement with some Philadelphia Fat Salmon. We didn't have a reservation but were told if a seat at the bar opened up we could take it. We were lucky enough that one opened right away but I'd definitely recommend getting a reservation just in case. 
We tried a few appetizers my favorite being the udon noodle soup. It was easily shareable and very tasty. I'm going to have to explore the noodle soup game from now on in the hopes that I can find another bowl I like as much as this one. We also ordered a flight of Sake which came with some funky flavors. Not my drink of choice but it was fun to try.
The sushi rolls are HUGE! Literally, one slice of a roll at Fat Salmon is the size of two or three rolls anywhere else. They are beautifully presented and appropriately priced. This is definitely a place to try if you are into sushi.
My group of four ended up at Fat Salmon for dinner last Saturday night. We didn't have a reservation and we wanted to dine around 6:30/7. All tables for four had already been reserved for the evening, but we were seated at the sushi bar almost immediately. 

I wasn't involved in the dinner planning for the evening, but needless to say I wasn't thrilled to be eating dinner at a sushi bar. I was probably looking for just about anything to go wrong with the evening, but the night went fairly well, and I enjoyed my Fat Salmon experience. 

The server did a good job working with us, despite the facts that our backs were turned towards her whenever she approached. At the beginning of the evening, she did ask us if we wanted to see menus. I thought the question to be rather silly, but otherwise she did a good job. 

To start, my husband and I split the edamame. The bowl was deceiving large and we had a really nice portion of edamame. It was salted, but not overly salted. All pieces were plump, juicy and most contained about 3 beans. 

Since I got a sushi entrée, my dinner came with soup and salad. The salad was probably one of the best Japanese house salads I've ever eaten. It consisted of peppers, carrots, cucumbers, tomatoes and the plentiful pour of the best ginger dressing I've ever had. The miso soup was very flavorful and had nice chunks of tofu and seaweed. 

For my entrée, I decided to go with the handroll combo. It contained yellow tail, spicy tuna crunchy and unakyu pieces. This was actually my first time having handrolls but I thought they were great. They were wrapped in tasty seaweed and filled with rice and fish. I'd certainly get them again. 

I thought the prices to be a little above the Philly market average and was disappointed that Fat Salmon wasn't BYOB. It was nice that they offered a house reasonably priced house wine option for $6 a glass. 

I personally wasn't a fan of the chairs at the sushi bar. They were very hard and I found I had to arch my back oddly to sit comfortably, and crane my neck to chat with the rest of my party. I glanced around and the chairs were the same at each table. Take that for what you will. 

As far as the sushi bar is concerned, when sitting down you could see part of the bar at eye level. Unfortunately, you were just looking at fish wrapped up, versus the sushi chefs in action. It wasn't most ascetically pleasing sushi bar experience I've ever had.

Despite my reluctantly to eat at a sushi bar on a Saturday night, which I can only blame myself and my group for, I cannot find fault in my meal at Fat Salmon. It was enjoyable and I'm glad I ended up there.
I had wanted to try Fat Salmon for quite some time and yesterday I got a chance to have lunch there.  For $13.50 they were offering a special holiday lunch.  You got a choice of soup or salad (I had the iceberg salad with tasty ginger dressing), and either 2 maki, 1 maki and 1 cooked item or 2 cooked items.

I chose 2 of the specialty maki which normally are $7.50 - 9.50 on their own - so this lunch was a good value.  Ask for sauces on the side - alot of the special rolls are loaded up with semi-spicy mayo and tempura crunch.

The regular lunch menu is also a great price point. Dinner prices are a little high but not crazy.

Cool, icy-blue decor made it feel like Christmas.

Service was quick and efficient.

I can't wait to go back. I will try the sashimi and then render a TRUE verdict.
For now though, I still stand that DOMA is the best sushi spot goin' in Philly these days.  (Save for Morimoto which is cost prohibitive.)
I dined here one cold winter afternoon.  After dashing in and out of the New Year's Mummers parade, my girlfriend and I were wandering the streets hungry and we stumbled upon Shinju Sushi.   It is such a cute little restaurant.  It's BYOB.  The vibe is casual and romantic with definite mood lighting going on.  I would not suggest you come here with a group, or even with more than another person.  The place just doesn't have that many tables.  I think the whole restaurant can seat like 20 people, but for a date, planned or unplanned, this was the perfect spot.

The quality of this place is no secret to the locals, almost every seat in the place was taken as we walked in.   The waitress told us that it would be a 30 minute wait for a table.  No matter we decided, as we saw one of the like 3 or 4 seats at the sushi bar was open.  Luckily, my girlfriend and I have tiny butts.  We both scooched onto the stool, wrapped one arm around each other and ordered our sushi like some two headed monster I guess.

We got an appetizer of age tofu (fried tofu with dashi in a light soy broth) and a miso soup.  We then ordered a few standard rolls (eel, salmon) and a special roll ( I should have written it down but you know the names never make much sense anyway).  The amount of fish in our rolls was pretty good, the quality was good, and for a great price.  The total bill came to under $30.

By no means is this a must visit place, there are actually plenty of good sushi options around philly.  However, I think shinju will become my local sushi spot.  Vic is all the way on the other side of town for me.  Bring your next date here, it's a good place for an intimate dinner.  Plus girls like sushi restaurants.  The place is small and full, but didn't feel crowded or loud.  If you're good friends you can just share a seat at the bar.
The sushi is beyond excellent! The variety are good too. The rolls were melt in your mouth yummy:) I ate way more than I should. I was so fully that I had to go home and take a  nap afterwards. The place is very modern upscale. The staff was great, seated us fast, checked on us often, and brought our drinks to the table right away. 
My only small issue was the parking. was less than ideal but okay for good food and good service I will have to accept that.
for some reason, i didn't have a good impression of this place when it was shinju and located farther away. maybe the walk made me grouchy? because my most recent experience at fat salmon was pretty damn good. 

although it relocated, fat salmon is still in a rather quiet part of town, which has its pros and cons depending on what you prefer. despite this, it was still packed at 8pm on a thursday night -- good thing we had made reservations.

fat salmon is no longer a byob, but this plays in my favor. i love eating sushi with warm sake, which is difficult at best to coordinate when you have to bring your own sake. their house sake is good, but not heated up nearly enough, so be sure to drink it fast or else it'll cool by the time you're only halfway through your meal.

prices are decent in the context of the sushi world. you can't really expect to pay $2 for nigiri and get fresh, good quality fish. so, suffice to say, you get what you pay for here.


*just another stunning example of why japanese people are so amazing as we pay tribute to their incredible resilience in the wake of such tragedy.
I ordered the spicy pork Japanese bbq lunch box.  The flavors were pretty muddled and not much else in the box made up for it.  The tuna roll was bland and too soft.  The gyoza were ok.  I had heard great things about this restaurant but Im not really sure why people like it so much.  If you cant make a good tuna roll then I am not sure you can make any sushi right.
If you like fresh sushi, awesome prices, a sweet dinning environment, byo's, and service with a smile I suggest you drop everything and run to Shinju. Holy Sashimi Batman! It was that good. My lady and I were having a birthday plan fail as it rained all day and night yesterday and the Phillies game was rained out. With all that suck going on she had the bright idea of checking the Yelp for good sushi. Well Yelp, you did it again. On your recommendation we set out to have an epic birthday sushi experience. 

We started with some piping hot edamame and then ordered 4 rolls. I don't remember what any of them were called except for the Miss Sake Bomb which was eel. They were all delicious, fresh, and beautifully presented. The food came out a tad on the slow side, but that was fine as we had the edamame to snack on while we waited. Our server was super friendly and everyone in the place was all smiles. This place is small so I am glad we made reservations. It was a packed house on a Monday night. As I looked around all I saw were happy faces. It seems everyone else was really digging their experience at Shinju. I'll go back again and again. I'll bring friends and family. I loved it. It was a great birthday dinner.

Cheers Shinju sushi. Cheers.
I was super bummed to hear that Shinju Sushi had closed its doors, but then I was super excited to hear that it was reincarnated as Fat Salmon. The new digs alleviate Shinju's greatest shortcoming: That it was miserably cramped and small. 

This venue is much more open, and includes a couple of offset areas so larger parties can get a bit of privacy. I sat in one of these, under a strange metal awning, which was nice and cozy and afforded a level of intimacy unimaginable in the previous location.

The main dining area are much more chic than Shinju's, with the main attraction being the textured West wall bathed in blue light.

Unfortunately, Fat Salmon does retain one shortcoming of Shinju's: The service. There was a big fuss about how many glasses we needed and who was drinking what, and then the beer and wine glasses were the same. It also took forever for our rolls to arrive. Hopefully these are just some new location kinks that will be worked out soon enough.

Even more unfortunately, it looks like Fat Salmon may be losing one of its greatest perks; that's right, there was a big orange "Notice of Public Hearing" sign in the window, meaning they are looking to get a liquor license. It would break my heart (and my wallet) if Fat Salmon ceased to be a BYOB.

Finally, a note or two on the sushi. The rolls are quite creative, and the fish is quite fresh. There is very little to complain about here, except maybe that it seems like a ton of the rolls have eel sauce on them. I'm sure that same fact makes another customer very happy, though.

BOTTOM LINE: Fat Salmon is the more comfortable and chic reincarnation of its predecessor, Shinju. It does away with one of Shinju's shortcomings (smallness) but retains another (service). However, the price can't be beat: I paid $21--tip included--for some edamame, one-and-a-half rolls, and an order of yellowtail nigiri. Plus $8 for the sixer of Coors Light* I picked up on the way. Overall, a highly recommended BYOB sushi bar.

*PROTIP: If you are looking to get some beer on your way, skip Pac-A-Deli... They don't have any Asian beer, which is why I was stuck tapping the Rockies (not that that's a bad thing).
Whatever Fat salmon is...it is defiantly NOT Japanese! 

Take away the swanky lighting, the modern decor, and you are left with sushi that is reminiscent of any food court sushi at your local shopping mall.  

Start with the sushi bar that is so high, you can not see your chef, and he can not see you.  Any proud Japanese sushi chef will want to interact with you and see your expression when you bite into his masterpiece.   

It is so hard to find authentic sushi when traveling, and yelp is certainly no help. 

If you like a roll factory then Fat Salmon is for you.
First of all, let me first start off by saying when it comes to Japanese food and Korean food, I'm particularly harsh. I'm a big food snob...what can I say. With that said, this place is just okay. If I could sum up this place (most sushi places in Philadelphia, for that matter), they have a variety of maki's--but not much else.

People who are looking for good, fresh sashimi and nigiri experience will be disappointed here. People who are looking for different twists in maki's will be satisfied. Also this place would be good for people who are not so thrilled with the idea of raw fish, since they have a lot of maki's with "crab sticks" (the imitation crab meat made from cooked fish). So while I *might* come back here for spicy tuna roll, I would go somewhere else for the rest.
I love sushi.  I have been to many sushi spots all over the country.  I consider myself an experienced sushi reviewer.   I love Fat Salmon.

In regards to the food- the quality, quantity, and presentation are absolutely impeccable.  They have a wide variety of rolls -- both regular and the specialty gourmet rolls.  The specialty rolls are unique in their combinations but the regular rolls do not disappoint either.  Everything is fantastic here! 

In addition to rolls, they also have a wide selection of saki -- hot and cold.

The interior of the venue is very chic.  It is on the darker side in terms of lighting and tea light candles are present on the tables.  This makes for a cozy and intimate setting that I find preferable for dates.  I have also come here in group and I find this place equally suitable for casual dinners and meetups.  It fits everything really and I have seen this place accommodate large groups.  Where whatever you want.  LBDs, jeans, khakis, shorts...they all work here.

When it comes to sushi.  I HIGHLY recommend this spot.  I put the place on the same level of quality as my other favorite spot, Umai Umai.  This is definitely worth the trip down.

I wish I had more pictures.  I anxiously devoured everything and forgot to take photos
If you're looking for high-quality/great tasting sushi at an affordable price...Fat Salmon will give you a foodgasm every single time. No joke.

Foodgasm (Urban Dictionary)- "Eyes rolling back in head and moaning while possibly shouting "this is so freaking good!"and taste so overwhelming you have to take breaks between bites to keep from shutting your system down."

 Anytime I have visitors from out of town, I take them here and order the following:

- Old School
- Rolling Fire
- Spicy Salmon Naked Gyoza
- Seaweed Salad

Just prep yourself to handle all that spicy goodness ;P
Sushi are a go, and Philly got dozens of major sleek sushi restaurants, Fat Salmon is one of them. So go on, you like-minded yelpers, enjoy Dancing vampire or the White Forest and happy slurping.
An order of sashimi & sushi( $29.50) is just little bites of heaven. Perfectly textured, fresh and very filling- can you ask for more?
Ice cream for dessert? Yaaaaaaaaaaawn. Try something a little different, like Tempura Ice Cream ($6.00). It will make your dessert a whole lot more pleasant. 

Four and Half Yelps.
Looking for good sushi in Philly? Go to fat salmon. I did not see any fat salmon swimming here, but the sushi is good. 
I called ahead to order take out and my order was ready within 20 min.
The inside of the restaurant is modern, and very blue. You almost feel like you are a fat salmon swimming in the ocean!
I had the sushi and sashimi for 1, as well as the dragon roll. The sushi was delicious, the rice was cooked to perfection, the fish was very fresh. You get both miso soup and salad as well.
I would definitely come back here for good sushi.
I stopped by here for a weekday lunch and enjoyed my experience. We came on a Tuesday around noon and were immediately seated with menus. However, for the remainder of our time there, the service was on the slower side. It seemed like those who came after received their food and checks before us. 

For food, I opted for the $14.50 lunch special that included miso soup or salad and two rolls. As someone that's new the meat eating world, I was excited by their vegetarian options. I tried the veggie tempura roll and the lipstick trace both of which were excellent. The lipstick trace had great flavor and the tempura roll an excellent crunch! The miso soup was kind of bland. Overall, a great place to try sushi, especially if you are vegetarian!
food: amazing
service: terrible


everyone loved the sushi, it really is great, there are so many interesting rolls to pick from. BUT it took about 1.5 hours to get our sushi (on a week night), and our waitress was MIA the whole time. she asked us about our check and us paying before we even got our food, and then we never saw her again. another server dropped the check, which had the gratuity included. just kind of ridiculous.
Shinju Sushi is now Fat Salmon on Walnut between 7th and 8th. Yelp needs to update! Same great sushi. Very creative, very fresh. But now they are in a larger space, with very cool decor. Just opened today. Service is excellent. Prices relatively modest as well. I got two special rolls and the tab was about $17. I suspect I will now be spending a lot of time here. The space was previously a Japanese restaurant that was truly mediocre. This is a VAST improvement. Sadly, it will likely crush the nice Chinese restaurant a few doors down that added a Japanese sushi bar to try to fill the sushi void in the neighborhood. They just can't compete with Fat Salmon. It will be like a Sumo wrestler body slamming Twiggy... (anybody even remember Twiggy?)
I have been waiting to write this review for a very long time. This is perhaps my favorite restaurant in the city however, I can only recommend this place to others with a few caveats. 

I am a frequenter of Fat Salmon 3-4x weekly. It has become a part of my routine to drive 20+ minutes for lunch specials or after work take out. On any occasion, Fat Salmon is my absolute first choice. I have come to know their vast menu very well and can speak for most of the rolls and sashimi offered. 

The ambiance:

The layout of FS is simply beautiful. The while tables and glowing blue backdrop are tastefully indicative of the delicate Japanese culture. Small windows are placed carefully along the sushi bar where diners can peak into the chef's table as well as the assortment of fish. As others have noted, the table dining is quite small and often times I am distracted by the conversations of others. The tables in the back of the restaurant are much more cozy and intimate. 

The food: 

I cannot say anything less than stellar reviews for each and every time I've visited. The absolute best quality fish and presentation that Philadelphia has to offer. Every roll is absolutely done right. There are so many options to choose from and you won't go wrong with any of them. The menu is priced right and visually appealing. There are pictures of each specialty roll with simple descriptors. A few of my favorite rolls include fancy sushi, rolling fire, volcano, dancing vampire, alaskan, spicy tuna, salmon tempura, and sea breeze. The sashimi for one or two is a great deal and there is no shortage of quantity or quality. You'll usually have an array of salmon, white fish, tuna, white tuna, yellowtail, scallop, etc The sashimi is melt in your mouth "I can't believe it's not butter" kind of good. Simple, beautiful, delicious and nothing less. 

The service: 

The downfall of Fat Salmon. The revolving door of hostesses at the front is really a hassle on the customer. I order the same special at least three times weekly for exactly one year now, though it is consistently missing an item (e.g. forgotten salad, forgotten sauces, etc.) You would think this would be a routine process when a customer orders the same exact order consistently. I am charged various prices for the same order, ranging between a $2 difference. Furthermore some time in the summer, I was notified of a change in policy when I arrived to pick up my order. After bringing my order back for missing sauces on a few occasions, I was "penalized" when they told me they are now charging $1 for sauces on the "to go" orders. On top of that, the sauce containers are approx 1"X1" or 2"x2" and vary depending on the day. You never really know what you are going to get. 

The wait time during the lunch hour is typically 45 minutes which requires some planning well ahead of time. When I arrive to the pick up counter the orders are kept in open air on a desk behind the sushi counter. I often find that the fish is on the "warmer" side which makes me wonder about the possibilities of bacteria accruing from being kept out in the open. I can't imagine visiting any restaurant more frequently than I do FS. I cannot imagine recommending FS to more people than I have already. There is no consistency, no loyalty or appreciation for regular customers. This is my biggest qualm about FS. 

I will continue to support and promote this restaurant because their quality and quantity is phenomenal. I do hope the reviews of myself and others will be used to improve the service and continue bringing smiles to the faces of the sushi lovers of Philadelphia.

Thank you for all of the wonderful memories and happy bellies that are a consequence of your dedication to Japanese food.
Good menu, service and fresh seafood are the reasons I frequent this establishment.  Great for lunch or dinner, the food always has been served quickly and on point.  Having other selections than raw fish are great, but definitly secondary for me.  Place has good value and the interior is clean and intimate, most of the time.
I wasn't a sushi fiend, until I had fat salmon. I have been to this restaurant so many times, it's probably an unhealthy addiction. I once went 3x in one week. 

You can't beat this high quality sushi at such an affordable price. I love ordering a few specialty rolls to share with friends... I'm pretty sure I've tried them all. My most memorable ones are the old school roll and the roll with Pico de gallo (I forget the name)... ugh so good. Honestly, everything on that menu is fantastic in every way. I even had sashimi for the first time and it was amazing!

My only complaint is that food takes awhile to come out so make sure you order right away (take a look at the menu before you get there) and get an appetizer so you have something to nibble on on the meantime. 

Make sure you make reservations.. you can even do it online! Oh also, I personally like ordering drinks when I'm out, but don't even bother doing that here.. save the extra money on some more sushi rolls or just enjoy a small bill!
I've been here twice, and twice I have been treated to some of the best sashimi ever.

Even though I have never really been a fan of Philly, i would reside there just to be able to access fat salmon at a whim. 
The service is quite good and the décor very trendy modern. The second time going to Fat Salmon, my girlfriend, her sister and I got caught in a heavy downpour and were soaked upon entry. The host (possibly manager) was very nice and handed us some towel to dry off with as they were preparing our table.

I don't want to get into too much detail about the experience as my girlfriend has already talked about it, but I'll just iterate, that it is utterly delicious. We have ordered the Sushi & Sashimi for 2 both times we were there and both times the fish was outstanding, thick (or fat, if you prefer), tender, flavourful and melt in your mouth. I just don't know how they do it. If only every sushi restaurant was so good.
Visiting Philly, looking for great sushi, tried Fat Salmon based on reviews. Solid choice. Great value. (If they charged more I would lower rating.)

They have a lot of house specials. So if you are looking for something new and different, this is a good place to experiment. 

The fish was fresh and good. Solid place. 
Service was a little slow and very helpful/cheery. 

The spicy edamame was addictive. Little messy to eat, and addictive.  Sweet and spicy sauce.

For fun: they  presented my son's order in a boat. His first one. He was so excited. (Thx u!).
The best sushi I've had in my life! (And I've been to Japan!)

I'm vegetarian, and usually sushi options are limited to avocado rolls/cucumber rolls, etc, which I still love, but this place was so innovative with the options, I was blown away. There were definitely at least 10 cool, interesting, vegetarian sushi options. 

The salad/soup is good too and the wine is a decent price! 

It is a really nice restaurant too with a cool, trendy feel. It gets loud though, so wouldn't recommend if you are trying to get to know someone. Fun for a girls night out! 

Get reservations though!
Very solid sushi place with unique specialty rolls next to Washington Square! This place was bustling on a Friday at noon! We didn't have to wait to get a table, but the service was a touch slow. Decor was modern and elegant. 

The crispy rice appetizer was fantastic. You get to choose salmon, tuna, or potato to add to it. The crunch was perfect. From the rolls, we got the Mr. Shiro, the lost rainbow, and the Hako sushi, which were all fantastic. My favorite was the lost rainbow - I loved the spicy kick and crunch! You can't go wrong with any of their rolls. I felt that 3 rolls for 2 people was the perfect amount; the rolls are somewhat pricy and they can add up, but it was definitely worth it!
Lovely ambience! Great food! Good service! 
Been here twice and both the times it was a great experience. Everything is so flavorful and well presented. I enjoyed each and every dish ordered. Shrimp steamed shumai, miso soup, naked gyoza (crispy chips with tuna on top), dancing vampire (with sweet and spicy chilli sauce), lava (spicy mayo sauce creamy) and dragonfly (shrimp tempura) - All of them were too good. 
Don't have much dessert options besides ice-cream so was a little disappointing. Have good speciality rolls for Vegetarians as well. 
Reservation recommended.
I took my girlfriend here for a dinner to congratulate her for passing her board exams. She loves sushi and is very meticulous when determining if the sushi is amazing. This place passed with flying colors. I thought this was some of the best sushi in town and my girlfriend agreed. We had 4-5 different rolls. Tempura Shrimp, Scallop rolls, and two of their specialty rolls; one of them being a mexican roll. The mexican roll had pressed pico de gallo on the rice with salmon inside the roll. This was by far the best roll. It tasted like a little piece of mexico in your mouth. Absolutely phenomenal. 

Beside the food being awesome. The ambiance is quite swanky, it seriously feels like you're swimming and eating fresh fish. 

Oh yeah and did I mention this place is super cost effective.
I wanted some sushi during the few days I was in Philly so came here because of the favorable location close to all the historical attractions and good reviews. 

With a name like Fat Salmon, I would have expected them to have some... Fatty salmon or tuna. No such luck, so I ordered two rolls, the lost rainbow and the dancing vampire. 

The lost rainbow was lost indeed. It was stuffed with a crab roll with some thin slices of white tuna and salmon on top, along with some roe. The fish was very fresh but cut much too thin and was overpowered by the rest of the roll. The dancing vampire was the same. Couldn't taste anything except for the spicy paste they used to coat the fish. Again, there was a dismal amount of fish in the actual roll. 

I agree with a previous reviewer that said this place should be called crab sticks. Nearly every special roll on the menu contained crab sticks. 

Redeeming factor is the interior is super pretty. Blue lighting, cools wave-like pattern on walls... Ambiance would be great for a date. Wish they had food to match!
Vegetarian alert! Best sushi I've ever had in my entire life. My boyfriend of 5 years said that this was hands down the best meal  he has had in our 5 years and let me just say... we've hit up some amazing places

Hands down without a doubt would come back every single time.
For its price range, this might be the best sushi place in Philly if you're not looking for a Morimoto-esque experience but also attempting to avoid eating sushi at a Chinese takeout. It sits right between those two experiences. Other than that I would say Fuji Mountain aint too bad but that's in the 20s, streetwise. 

I remember this place when it was a hole in the wall next to Jefferson and was mostly a takeout sushi restaurant. Boy has my little baby grown up. It's now an pseudo-elegant dining experience in which you can just have a casual work lunch. Keep up the good work, don't go all Morimoto or Buddakan on us. :-)
I've been wanting to go to Fat Salmon for over a year now and it seemed as if every time I tried to make a reservation the restaurant was booked! That's a great sign over all but terrible for desire to give it a try. I was finally able to get a table on Saturday and it was amazing! The overall decor is modern and  the restaurant was very clean! The food was outstanding! At first glance the menu is very overwhelming but after taking some time to go through all of it you find some serious gems. We ordered the dragonfly roll and some other roll, that I can't remember but I believe that the name was spina or spena. We also ordered one of their regular rolls and everything was just so yummy and the presentation was beautiful! The house wine is also good and the service was top notch. Fat Salmon is definitely one of the best sushi places in the city!
Went there for lunch today, since I was craving sushi and was around the corner.  Had the salmon lunch special (two pieces of sashimi, two pieces of nagiri, and one Alaska roll).  Food was OK, but service was way sub par.  

Although they had several two top tables available (they were at maybe 40% capacity and it was already 1pm) I was directed to the empty sushi bar and sat at the very dreary end.  I was dressed normally and did shower today :) I was alone and really not in the mood to argue.  It took about 10 minutes for someone to approach me and pour me some water (there were plenty of waitstaff running around to notice that I was not served anything to drink yet), and I was never asked if I wanted something else to drink (I did actually want a green tea but given the lackluster service the desire to order anything else died).  Then, I noticed that the soy sauce little dish had speckles in it, so I asked for a new one.  The response was "oh these are just stains" like that was supposed to make me feel better??  The waiter did give me a clean "looking" one.

Food came out and it was OK, not bad but nothing special to be honest. Glass this was not pricey or I would have been even more let down.   I was left hungry and unsatiated, but didn't want to continue supporting this establishment with my hard earned money.

As I was leaving, a solo came in, and of course, was sat at a two top without so much as being directed to the still empty bar!  

Would I come back here again, not on my own volition.  Unfortunately, I was left feeling uninvited and unsatisfied.  Not the end of the world or horribly overt treatment, but extremely lack luster and uncaring.  I continue to say, that in Philadelphia really needs more than one good sushi place (I think Royal Izakaya has NYC/LA level sushi), and this is unfortunately not one of them.

Hope you guys from the restaurant are reading this and can treat the next customer better.
I've been to Morimoto, Haru, Vics...all of which were very different and wonderful, but Fat Salmon, yes formerly known as Shinju is CHEAP and ranks up there with the top guns of Sushi in Philadelphia. 

I have been there 3 times since it has opened (BYOB until April I was told) and have tried about 16 of the rolls...(I realize I sound like a fatty) but my favorites were:
1. Fancy Sushi - really awesome roll, haven't had anything like it anywhere else. Basically a piece of salmon sashimi wrapped around sushi rice with spicy salmon on top laying on a bed of crunchies.
2. Salmon Yaki - I don't usually go for any cooked fish in my rolls, but this really was awesome with the eel sauce.
3. Spicy Scallop - always order it when I see it, definitely up to par here.

Rolls that looked awesome but really were not:
1. BCT - bacon and cream cheese, hard to go wrong here but not really what I hoping it would be....not enough BACON!
2. Rolling Fire - I was told this was too hot to handle for most people. They really got me excited. It was not hot. 

It's fresh and also does take out. I would make a reservation if I could. Every time I am there they are holding 4 or 5 tables in a 15 table place for people who eventually are suppose to come in. It's silly.
Birthday dinner!  Boyfriend treated me to a very nice sashimi platter dinner here.  Right off the bat I love the name of the place, and the atmosphere is very sleek and dark with blue neon lighting.

We got a sashimi platter for two that came with miso soup and small salad.  The side salad they served here was bigger than the those at most places and had more of the sauce on it - I was pleased.  And the sashimi platter was excellent - the fish was very fresh and decently sized and, well, delicious.  It is hard to describe sashimi really because it is so simple.

I did not like the appetizer we got, which was fried tofu in spicy scallop sauce.  The sauce was ick and the dish was generally really hard to eat.  The tofu became gooey and stretchy in my chopsticks and I kept dropping it, splashing it in the sauce after I had just made an effort to wipe the sauce off.

Besides the appetizer, the main meal and the ambiance were excellent.  Service was prompt and friendly and the prices weren't outrageous.  One BIG note though, others are reporting on here it is BYOB.  It is NOT BYOB, I repeat, NOT.  The waiter told us that they changed that policy so if you are planning on drinking your own drinks, skip it.  Luckily, we had forgotten to stop at the liquor store while running late for our reservations and ended up just drinking some Kirins.

I had a great time here and would definitely go back!
My favorite since it was tiny Shinju.  Creative rolls, always fantastic.  Miss that it's not byob anymore, but I'll deal.
Came here on my birthday and I became a fan.

Great little cozy location.
Shinju is known for their "fusion" style sushi and they definitely took the award for that!
The rolls were smaller and a bit pricier then what im used to @ Mizu or Raw. But every bite makes up for it! I love how each dish comes with illustrations! hah

The bad:
too dark, byob, and one time they ran out of rice so my party had to wait one hour!
I've only eaten inside once, but I've grabbed sushi to go a bunch of times. The sushi is excellent, as is the decor. My only complaint is the very relaxed service. Sometimes take out is ready 20 min after stated time.
Fat salmon is my favorite go to! I order from Caviar all the time and it comes wrapped so well and thoughtfully (maybe a bit tooo much plastic wrap haha). I always order sweet shrimp, sushi combination, and whatever else I'm feeling: yellowtail nigiri, gyoza, shuimai etc. 

Sweet shrimp: my absolute favorite! Such big fresh pieces. Comes with crispy fried heads too which I used to not eat but after trying it, I love it. They're so yummy and crunchy. 

Sashimi sushi combination- salmon, tuna, yellowtail, and usually a white fish idk what it's called but really good too. Big pieces. Comes with both miso soup and salad (even tho it says choose 1, I always get both!)  

Gyoza/Shiu Mai - I've tried but they're ok in my opinion, nothing special but satisfactory. 

Fat salmon is my absolute favorite go to sushi spot. I've ordered a lot of times now and the quality and freshness has always been consistently high standards. Can't stop raving about this spot!
I did lunch with a friend at the new incarnation of Shinju that is Fat Salmon yesterday, and was impressed with how this restaurant has grown.  It is a true testament to the management and excellent food to be so successful with a small establishment in the current economy.  The head chef, menu and much of the staff remain largely identical to Shinju.  It seems like more specialty rolls appear on the new menu, but my old favorites were there as well.  They have increased their prices slightly, but not as much as I feared when I first heard about the move.

Our meal consisted of naked gyoza with spicy tuna, sleeping volcano and rolling fire rolls, and a few pieces of nigiri and sashimi.  The food was all excellent.  I am impressed when a sushi place not only offers brown rice as an option, but gets the texture right to work perfectly in sushi.

I am surprised to read complaints about the service.  I have always found them to be friendly and efficient.  Sometimes the food takes a little while, but when it arrives, the complexity of the preparation and presentation makes it obvious why.  This is not a restaurant for hurrying.

The decor is a complete turnaround from the humble dark wood that I so loved at Shinju.  The new space is much more sleek and fancy, typical of what you would expect from a high-end sushi restaurant.  This, combined with the liquor license application in the window, makes me believe that high-end sushi restaurant is where they are headed.  This is not a bad thing in itself, but the city already has a couple of those.  I will probably always feel a little nostalgic for the tiny, unassuming neighborhood  place that you would hardly even notice walking by.
I love fat salmon, if you are like me, a person that love specialty rolls, then this is the place to go. Most sushi places in philly charges an arm and a leg for specialty rolls, but this place is reasonable. Their sashimi is average.

Personal favorites:

1) Dancing Vampire
2) Mr Shiro
3) Hako

Service is decent.
Came to Fat Salmon for dinner a couple of nights after our mediocre and expensive dinner at Double Knot. So, I wanted something more affordable, less pretentious, but still tasty. It was hard to narrow it down via Yelp, but we ended up at Fat Salmon due to proximity. 

I was surprised at Fat Salmon's ambience - seems like a good date spot with all the modern acrylic and lighting + light electronic music pleasantly pulsing in the background. Great choice of tunes, btw. 

I had some sashimi - yellowtail, scallop & tuna - no complaints. I also had a salmon skin cut roll which was also tasty. Then, I ordered a rice-less spicy tuna roll - surprisingly good! I like that they can make any roll with cucumber. 

We sat at the sushi bar and it was..different that you can't really see the Chefs, but not an experience deal breaker. 

Would definitely be back if I'm in town. 

37/365
After walking by Shinju Sushi on numerous occasions, we finally decided to give it a try.  It's BYOB- always a plus in my book.  We arrived right at 5pm, during a brief rain shower so the restaurant was empty.  The orange and green walls created a chill atmosphere.  We started things off with some miso soup- delicious.  Then we ordered some sashimi- for my boyfriend it was his first proper piece of tuna sashimi (see my review of maki house for more on his first disasterous experience).  The fish was excellent! extremely fresh melt-in-your-mouth sashimi.  I ordered the salmon sashimi- loved it.  We the had two rolls- Lost Rainbow and Locust.  The presentation was excellent, both were tasty, original, and a nice deviation from the standard- rainbow roll/dragon roll.  Service was excellent. will definately be back- this week.
I'd heard a lot of great things about this restaurant from friends, yelpers, etc.  In September / October my coworker and I grabbed a quick lunch while we waited to have our engagement rings cleaned over on jeweler's row.  I remember the sushi being ok, not mind-blowing, but not horrible. (The only reason that I am giving the second star.)

So, when my cousin from Jersey said he was in town and wanted to grab lunch near my office today, Fat Salmon it was.  MAJOR MISTAKE OF THE DAY.  Our first clue should have been the flightiness of the hostess.  She literally took forever+ minutes to seat us, which is entirely unacceptable for a weekday lunch, especially when there were several tables available.  We eventually decided to seat ourselves at the bar area.  After perusing the menu, we were both sorta disappointed at the abundance of "crab stick" on the menu... (ain't nobody got no time for crab stick)!  We then waited forever +2 minutes for the waitress to take our order.  Forever+10 minutes later our food finally came and we were neither under or overwhelmed.  

The worst part of the lunch was the end... The waitress finally brought our card to us and b/c she took forever +20 minutes to fetch it, another waitress came over to pick it up and offered her apologies.  At that point, our original waitress returned to our table and dropped off the credit card of a patron from another table - an identity thief's dream!
Can someone explain this Shinju vs. Fat Salmon business? Which is it? And why 'Fat Salmon'? I agree with Kathryn, though. Shinju sounds much nicer.

The sushi is really good. I can appreciate an interesting, creative roll despite the fact that it isn't the traditional way to serve sushi. We ordered four of them, whose names I can't remember for the life of me. I do remember, however, that they were so good. 

Be warned, the portions are strange. Some rolls come with 6 pieces, some with 5 and some with 4. My only grievance is that if I'm paying $10+ for a roll, I want 6 pieces. Of course, my favorite one only had 4.

Also, they have tempura ice cream! Get this to share, though. I made the mistake of ordering one for my self. THIS portion is quite large.
Fat Salmon is pretty much the only sushi place that could make you roll out like a Fat Salmon. 

If you're craving sashimi or sushi even, don't come here. The tamago and roe sushi were only okay...but if you're looking for adventure and rolls as crazy, delicious and colorful as Carnival, scurry on over to a booth at Fat Salmon. 

The Rolling Fire takes the spice of Sichuan fare and blends it with the delicacy of Japanese cuisine. It's spicy enough to nix the wasabi and just eat plain. It's moist enough to forget the soy sauce before plummeting a very large cylinder into your mouth. The spicy scallop is expertly melded with crab stick in an aioli unlike any other - it's sirracha, yes, but there's chili oil too. The fried scallions on top make for an artful presentation. Inside, you'll enjoy shrimp tempura and an alleged cucumber...but you probably won't notice the cucumber other than its crunch. The cooling powers of that watery melon are defeated by the spice of the roll. 

The Dancing Vampire was okay, but by the time I got to taste it, my papillae had their expectations risen too high by the Rolling Fire. While I would contend that I should go back and try the Dancing Vampire again with a clean palate, this would mean abandoning the Rolling Fire, which is really just silly and an abomination against the Fat Salmon.
best sushi place in Philly.  The atmosphere is futuristic-y with neon blue accent lights and modern white furniture, but the real winner is the Mr. Shiro roll (and I'm guessing by the other reviews, the rolls with the chili sauce).

Service was great and the prices were super affordable for the quality of the fish.  Everything was delicious- definitely recommend the Mr. Shiro and Hako, and the steamed shrimp shumai to start.  Can pass on the Spicy Tuna Crunch though, the specialty rolls are the way to go here.

Definitely recommend for a casual bite or first date!
This is one of the few sushi places I have been to since I moved from Hawaii that compares to the spots on island.  

The place is very tiny, so I tend to make reservations when I go, although they are usually only needed on the weekend.  It is a BYOB, but  I'm a student so I don't mind paying a third of the price to by a six pack of Ichiban from around the corner.   

The rolls are fantastic, with many fusion rolls that are as fun to decide over with your date as they are to eat (although I agree with Lori that they are too fragile for the undextrous.  They are a little pricey, but there has ever been an uttered regret from my table come check time.  The sashimi and edamame are usual additions to the meal, as well.

All in all, go in a patient mood (the service runs a little slow and the chefs take their time perfecting your roll) and you won't be disappointed.
Feed me sashimi and I'm happy.

Feed me sashimi here and I'll be very happy.

Fresh, fresh fish.  Fun, big Maki rolls, interesting (but relatively safe) combinations and super affordable house sake (hot, please!). Beautiful plating.  Prices reasonable. White and dimly lit spaceship interior.

Feel comfortable ordering conservatively as portions on the whole, are generous.

Don't make reservations online via their website (system's faulty) and call instead.
Yummy sushi! Delicious sashimi ! I would definitely come back to this place again. Service was excellent as well.
This is my favorite sushi restaurant in the city ! 

I have been here quiet a few times and I am pleased each time. I always order miso soup and sashimi for two. The miso soup is good but I am still searching for THE ONE. Sashimi for two is way more than enough, you actually dont have to order any rolls, but their rolls are so good ! I have been trying 2-3 different rolls each time I come here and they were all pretty tasty. Sushi are well presented , I think they have really talented chefs. 

The decor here is cool, it's great for a date night . Waiters are nice and professional.
After reading so many overwhelmingly positive reviews on Yelp, I decided to give Fat Salmon a try on a Friday night with my boyfriend.

The atmosphere was cool, the service was friendly and helpful and the place was packed to the brim--though it should be noted that it's a BYO and we saw 2 separate parties bringing in cases of Bug Light!  Rock on! 

The three stars, however reflect the fact that the sushi itself was not all that impressive.  For the price, it's not bad, but by no means is it the best sushi in the city--or really even noteworthy.

The rolls are very creative (the white forest is topped with pico de gallo salsa--yum) but the execution is somewhat sloppy--and the quality of the ingredients doesn't seem to be exceptionally fresh.  But maybe we went on an off night? 

Overall, I'd say--Fat Salmon gets props for price, service and creativity.
I've finally decided to write my review after my second visit. I'm in love with this place. It definitely tops my last favorite sushi place. The quality is so good here. The one thing the restaurant lacks is service. Each time I've been here it takes a while for food to come out and you have to ask the wait staff for water every single time you need it. However, they are very kind and the restaurant can get busy.

The FOOD though...I haven't tried one thing that I didn't like yet. My favorite is how big the sashimi slices are in the sashimi appetizer. I also highly recommend the fat salmon roll! If I could, I would come here every night and try every roll.
It's hard to believe that even with my love for sushi, I have somehow managed to never come here. I really don't know why because this place knows their sushi. 
First, it's an awesome, like absolutely awesome spot for vegetarians. Some of the best veggie sushi roll options I've seen in Philly! They 
Second, the rest of their rolls are pretty amazing as well. We have everything from tempura eggplant rolls, smoked salmon, spicy tuna, and more. 
I literally saved zero room for dessert and I'm not sorry about it because the sushi itself was spectacular. I can't wait to come back!
The best sushi I have ever had! Recently stopped by late at night for a quick sushi fix and I am so happy I found this place! I ordered the Fat Futo Roll (tuna, salmon, yellow tail, crab stick, cucumber, avocado, masago, and mountain burdock) and the Alaskan Roll (avocado, salmon, cucumber). The sushi was unbelievably fresh with well-seasoned sushi rice and juicy raw salmon. Even the smallest dishes are up to par at a 10/10 as the ginger on the side was crunchy and flavorful! Can't wait to come back here again!
I heard great things about this place before I came and it met my expectations. This place has great sushi and wine that goes along with that. This place is also good for those people who want cooked fish. The atmosphere is great with the bluish walls and dim lights. A great place to relax with a few people. I went with 6 people (a bigger group than that normally would fit there). With the sushi and wine, the bill can come out a bit, but my company, the quality, and atmosphere there was worth it.

The deep fried tofu is a must get appetizer and so far, I've liked everything I had on the special roll list.
I am giving 5 stars to a place that *almost* had crappy service. But i'm not a freakin' monster and the food was that perfect. The hostess was clearly super new  to hosting (like fresh out of sophomore year of college) and the manager was obviously trying to teach her without completely holding her hand. It appeared to be rocket science for her to let us know how long the wait would be and I was basically putting words into her mouth ("like, fifteen minutes? fifteen minutes, right? i think you want to tell me fifteen minutes TOPS is the wait"). 
Almost-husband and I got four rolls listed in order of who I'm crushing on from most to least: 
tied for number 1:
#1 Mr. Shiro: eel tempura, cucumber, crunchy inside and broiled white tuna with tomato on top. Time it took to eat the whole roll: 3 short frenzied minutes.
#1 Tofuholic: Asparagus, Yam, Gourd Tempura w/Spicy sauce and Soy sauce & Mayo Marinated Tofu, Asparagus, Scallion, Cucumber,Tomato on top. Time it took to eat the roll: 10 minutes of me savoring every beautiful bite.
#4: M & M: Marinated Beef, Cucumber, Oshinko and on top Spicy Crab Stick w/Scallion
#3: Dancing Vampire (cucumber and asparagus in the inside, tuna and salmon in chili sauce on top)

They were ALL great and if they kept on bringing me rolls I wouldn't stop eating. Which only happens to me when the sushi is really freakin' good. Usually all the raw fish kinda tops me out after a bit, but not here. No sireeeee. And I was happy that they had an awesome amount of vegetarian options. And lots of rolls without avocado (overshare: I'm newly allergic and it makes me puke immediately, so sad). 

Also, this place is in a sorta in-between neighborhood for going out-- like not a lot of people milling about, but inside of the restaurant was really trendy. Dark with neon blue lighting and all white mod furniture. But luckily I'm in a relationship where I now have "let myself go" and am okay wearing sneakers in a trendy restaurant without feeling psychotically self-conscious. Everyone else looked great so I felt like one screw-up is okay. But I promise to put myself together soon, baby.

Side bar, they have a full bar, no longer a BYOB... however they're lacking in a cocktail menu. If they had some fun cocktails it would be FABULOUS. But I had a carafe of plum sake and let all my worries go.
I made a last minute reservation through yelp and I was quickly accommodated. I love sushi so im super picky when it comes to it. I enjoyed all the rolls I ordered. The portions were big and I shared it with my sister. They also have a huge selection of drinks. I definitely recommend this place!
Stopped in solo for a quick snack. Had a pickled plum roll. It was good, but there could have been more pickled plum in it and less cucumber. I asked for spicy sauce on the side and was given a generous amount with no extra charge which I appreciate greatly.

The restaurant is small, intimate, quiet, clean and cozy-feeling, although I was privy to my neighbors' conversation a bit too much due to the close proximity, I think it was because it was midday and there were only the two of us in there. The service was fast, attentive and polite. I would come back again from the look of all the yummy maki, if I knew they did veggie-substitutions, since there were only a handful of veggie rolls on the menu, but I was too daydreamy to ask that day. 

Overall, a positive experience! I give kudos. :)
Been here twice and have enjoyed it very much both times. Service is excellent, I love the ambiance, and the sushi is delicious. Reasonable prices too, unlike other sushi places I've found in the city.
Fat Salmon is delicious. I've eaten here three times and the sushi and sashimi has been consistently fresh, delicious and of high quality! That alone is enough to keep me going back, since that's typically my go-to order at a sushi joint. This restaurant is appropriately named, because my favorite is actually their salmon - always a great cut of the fish and just perfect. The staff has been very pleasant and attentive for each of my visits; prices are good; and the atmosphere fun and comfortable. Overall, I think it's a great place to meet up with a friend to catch up over some delicious sushi. The BYOB is also a plus! 

The only con for me is actually the maki, despite all the positive reviews for the rolls. I will give them that some of their specialty rolls are unique, but so far they have been very hit or miss for me. I've only enjoyed maybe half of the specialty rolls I've tried, and most of the ones I did like were kinda just okay. There have been rolls that we did not even bother to finish or take home with us. I know sushi places these days like to get creative with their rolls, but sometimes it goes a little far. And then of the ones that were not interesting/crazy-sounding combinations, they were plain and nothing special. I guess it comes down to personal preference.
My previous review was for Shinju..so i am updating it to reflect Fat Salmon! The bright blue LED lights is the first thing you notice even before walking in. What a change - so trendy! I went with my girlfriend and even though we were surrounded by couples on dates we still felt totally comfortable. They have an amaaazing selection of specialty rolls - even vegetarian ones. And the roll itself was...fat. Def didn't skimp on anything. So super yummy, I'll def go back.
It was a lovely night coming here from the ambiance to the service to the food! I forgot if my friend and I came here on a Friday or Saturday night, but there was about a 20 min wait. They made it very convenient by taking down our number and calling us when the table is ready. After putting our name down, we went to the nearby park for a walk since it was a nice evening. 

When we finally got seated, we were greeted by a very friendly and energetic server! It was great. It really makes the experience better. 

Looking into the menu, they serve a variety of sushi rolls and sushi and some Japanese appetizers, such as fried tofu, salads, and gyoza, but they definitely focus more on sushi. Many of the rolls are very elaborate with a lot of ingredients and fun combinations different from your usual Japanese sushi restaurant! Of course, they also have the basic rolls, like California and salmon! 

Alcohol drinks were also served, so I had a beer! Overall, it was a delicious night!
This business was formerly Shinju on Locust Street. I reviewed it under Shinju, which is now closed. Same chef, same great, artistic sushi. Highly recommended! And now in a much more comfortable, stylish setting...
Another Philly Favorite! Sushi is always on point, service is quick and friendly. I think it's beer and wine only. But you just can't go wrong. 

It is a bit hard to find as the outside is not lit well and there's not a bright sign. But once you are inside you'll be happy that you came. 

Make reservations. It's VERY small. And if your party size increases, you might be SOL.. there are limited 4+ tables.
Fat Salmon has delicious sushi roll options, especially with their specialty roll, and I absolutely love that they have great vegetarian options! I booked a reservation on Fat Salmon the week of since we wanted to dine here on a Friday night and the place is a bit small. Upon getting seated, the tables were a bit close together, and a bit difficult to figure out how to put our winter jackets on the seats without feeling squished. However, service here was nice. The waitress was very kind, patient, and offered great recommendations. For my vegetarian choices, I got the Midori, Gaji-Ya, and Old School. The Midori is rather simple, but I find that simple is best. It's a bunch of different veggies, and you could just appreciate the different veggies (some are pickled!). The Old School and Gaji-Ya were also great, though the Old School was slightly better than Gaji-Ya. 

Parking here is difficult - entirely street parking.
I have been to this place twice now and will never go back. Really wanted to like this place since I love sushi and this opened around the corner from my apartment. Nice design, bright lighting.
TERRIBLE service both times. And sushi is just ok.
First visit waited forever after ordering. They were very busy.   Sat at sushi bar.  Sushi chefs have NO interaction with customers here. They hardly notice you are there. Roll and sushimi were fresh but nothing special.
The other night  it was late and I wanted something light.  Figured I would give it another try. Not too busy; probably only half full...about 25 people. I sat at sushi bar for almost 20 minutes without even a glass of water. Three wait staff were maybe 10 feet away and talked the whole time without looking in my direction. Walked out hungry. Will never return. I will go to Morimoto or Raw when I want Japanese.
Excellent Service & Delicious Sushi!  We booked this spot for dinner in Philly and it was great.  The ambiance is super nice and the food was excellent.  We finally found a Sake that we absolutely love.  The vegetable dumplings as an app were great and not too heavy.  The sushi rolls are very unique, my favorite was the roll with shrimp, pico, and sour cream (yes...pico and sour cream on sushi, and it was delicious!).  Definitely a great date night spot and would come back for sure next time we visit.
I've been wanting to try this place for a while now and I have to say it's one of the best sushi places I've been to! Their signature rolls are really unique (and I appreciate how on the menu, it tells you exactly which ingredients are in the roll and on top). The dragonfly signature roll was really good and the rolling fire was pretty unique (it had scallops scattered across the top). For apps, the shumai and seaweed salad were really good. And overall it wasn't as pricey as I was expecting (compared to other sushi places I've been to). Really cool ambiance inside and I want to say they're reservation only (not positive though).
Fat Salmon is the PERFECT place to get some amazing sushi. My friends and I were so happy with the food, service, and atmosphere. 

We asked the waitress for the most popular options and ordered the Dancing Vampire, Rolling Fire, Blossom, and Unakyu. My absolute favorite were the Dancing Vampire (made with cucumber and asparagus crunchy with tuna & salmon on top) and Rolling Fire rolls (shrimp tempura with broiled spicy scallop sauce on top). I loved the shrimp tempura in the Rolling Fire roll, and the sauce that topped it was the perfect addition to the dish. These two options were definitely the spicier ones, but not too spicy. Even my friend who usually opts out of spicy foods loved these rolls! They also had a nice sweet and spicy taste with every bite. 

Fat Salmon is the perfect place to take all sushi lovers! I know for sure I'll be back to try the other rolls!
