Federal Donuts in Philadelphia is a great little gem in the city. My boyfriend and I were here on Black Friday; it was one of the few places in the area that was open. We stopped here during a road trip when I needed a caffeine fix. I ended up getting a small coffee and a churro donut, which was one of the best donuts I've ever had. The donut was so soft and the flavor was perfect (tasted just like a real churro!). 

What was even better was the customer service at this location. I talked to the girl who took my order and she offered to give me hot water for my boyfriend's travel cup of tea since we'd been driving for a while and there wasn't another place close by where we could get tea. The girl behind the counter was friendly and chatted with me about the store and the area.

Overall, going here was a pleasant experience and they have great donuts and coffee. Five stars!
Delicious donuts, fried chicken, and breakfast sandwiches. What's not to love?? Fed Donuts is a staple of Philadelphia. For anyone new to the concept, consider yourself lucky that there are now so many locations throughout the city, compared to the original location in Pennsport, where the parking situation was the complete opposite of great. 

It's really pretty simple. You got your hot, fresh donuts, fancy donuts and their latest addition: the breakfast sandwich with egg, cheese, bacon, and cherry pepper relish on a potato roll. So simple, yet so delicious. 
Come after 11am for the fried chicken (which I hear is the bee's knees).  

For anyone coming from out of town, I highly recommend this location due to the ease of the parking lot and close proximity to the Ben Franklin Bridge and I-95. 

Fed Donuts didn't re-invent the wheel, but they took a simple concept and made it exceptional. And for that, you get my love. Looking forward to getting my hands on that chicken one of these days...
I rarely eat donuts as my parents had a donut store growing up and I've had enough for an entire lifetime. Even here, I couldn't get myself to eat whole one, but it was definitely a unique one that was pretty enjoyable.

Now.. the fried chicken sandwich... AMAZING. It is the absolute best chicken sandwich that I have ever had. I'm drooling right now just thinking about it.

There is honestly not too much that I look forward to when I visit Philly, but this is definitely at the top of my list. Can't wait to come back to try all the other fried chicken recipes!
The best buttermilk ranch Fried Chicken ever!

Federal Donuts has some of the best fried chicken I've ever had.  It is definitely the best Fried chicken / donut shop I've ever visited.  I can't get over how the breast meat is always so juicy and cooked perfectly each time I've visited.  This cooked to order fried chicken is consistently is spot on.  This is the only fried chicken joint where I actually reach for the normally drier breast piece first.  The buttermilk ranch flavor is my favorite perhaps because I'm not sure it's done better elsewhere.

Now the donuts are equally awesome.  The plain donut that comes with each order of fried chicken is so unassuming are first glance but oh so moist.  Each time I visit I try a different flavor and none have disappointed.  If you visit right before closing you might be able to snag a few that will be destined for trash otherwise.

I'm surprised I haven't reviewed this Federal Donuts post since I've visited countless times.  One big con, they close at 7pm and they are prompt.
Let's start off with when you first enter the building your nostrils are filled with goodness. You smell the sweet aroma of the donuts. On this visit we tried four different flavors. Za'atar, sweet soy garlic, honey ginger, and chili garlic. They all were very good but my least favorite was the chili garlic. The honey donut the chicken comes with is Amazing! Its soft and sweet I can eat a dozen of them alone. I didn't get a fancy donut this round maybe next time. I just wish it was a boneless chicken option other than the chicken sandwich. I prefer chicken without the bone. Wings were small but very crunchy. I'll be back soon!! 

The chili garlic flavor was ok it just needed a sweetness to it in my opinion. A bit spicy 

Za'atar was definitely my favorite it was full of flavor 

Sweet soy garlic was my second fav had a sweet tart taste that I loved. Reminded me of the sauce used for dumplings. 

Honey ginger was good too & it wasn't too much ginger which I was expecting (it was my hunnis fav)
I'm glad folks from Philly and the surrounding area are calling this place out for being overpriced and over-hyped so that I don't have to look too much like a regional hater, but Federal Donuts continued the trend of our last visit of places that failed to meet our expectations. Luckily none of the food was bad (the service however was terrible), but really nothing stood out as good enough to justify the markup their charging for the experience. We had tried to go to the Pennsport location first, but they closed just as we arrived (3PM closing time seems odd, no?), so we wound up here, and maybe that location is better or something.

Due to their proximity, we wind up with a lot of Philly natives down in DC, and as a result there's this constant bickering about cities, so when 2 different fried chicken and donut places opened up in DC a few years ago there were of course cries of "idea theft" from Federal Donut lovers. Well, I can say with a good bit of certainty, that not being from either town (although I do now reside in DC), both operations in DC (Astro and GBD) are a far superior product than what we had from this Federal Donuts. The creative donuts are more creative, and made better, and the chicken is fried better. Whether or not they "stole" the idea of combining 2 of the country's most beloved items is absurd, I'm sure many of us did that in our dorm rooms, but ultimately all that matters is the end product, and Federal Donuts falls short in that regard for me.

As for the donuts, we tried the blackberry walnut, marshmallow squared, and chocolate glazed, along with one of their "fresh" made basic donuts, since Suzy isn't really into the fancy flavors. The cake consistency of each of the fancy donuts was well done, but they all just tasted kind of plain. I believe they just use the same cake batter for almost everything and then simply dip it in whatever the flavor is, rather than baking the flavor into the mix. This results in somewhat of a Dunkin Donuts feel to the product, at a much higher premium. The guy doing the fresh donuts was having a good bit of trouble actually making a circle, so Suzy had to keep going back repeatedly to check for her donut (we were literally the only non-employees in the building at the time). Coupled with the fact that he seemed to have a good bit of difficulty answering any questions she had about the menu items, this left us even less impressed with the staff than the actual food.

The fried chicken was somewhat better than the donuts in terms of execution. We chose one dry option and one glazed, and I'm fairly certain I wound up consuming the lion's share of it all (no surprise to anyone who knows my background). The za'atar seasoning was nice and heavy on the chicken, adding lots of flavor, but the chicken itself was a bit too dry. The chili garlic was somewhat excessive, I would prefer to not need an entire roll of paper towels to make through an order of 6 wings. It was hard to get a feel for the chicken itself when you're having to scrape off giant chunks of sauce. It just felt sloppily composed, or just lazily executed. It was nice they include a basic donut with each order, to give you something to balance the flavors, but would have been even nicer if it mentioned that on the menu so that we could have adjusted our donut order accordingly.

I don't recall exactly what our total for a few donuts and a dozen wings (and maybe a soda and a water) was, but it was somewhere between $30-40, which is fairly ridiculous considering the simple approach to everything. If they were huge yeast donuts (like at Doughnut Plant, VooDoo, or GBD) then maybe I could understand, but these donuts lack that level of effort. To top it off their register has one of those annoying "tip screens" that you have to go through before signing for your credit card purchase. You basically have the same job as someone at KFC, and expect a tip for it, on top of your already overpriced product. Get out of here with that nonsense.
Who knew fried chicken and donuts are a thing? 

My sister inlaw has been raving about this place forever. Her and her gf's actually plan trips to eat here. It was good and I am lucky to have tried it but I don't see myself craving to return. 

I tried every flavor of chicken. They were all tastey. My favorite was the soy garlic. Each chicken order is served with a plain donut. Shockingly, the donut actually complimented the fried chicken. Yeah, I know, I thought a bite of a donught while eating chicken would be difficult to swallow together but it all went down smooth and tastey. 

I tried several of the dessert donuts: strawberry lavender, pastelito, crumb cake, irish potato and triple chocolate. They were all yummy and the triple chocolate was my favorite but I honestly don't see what all the hype is about... they're donuts. 

I gave 5 stars because everything was delicious and the staff was very accommodating and patient.
Good chicken sandwiches and good donuts. I liked the hot donuts more than I thought I would.
I know my review will be an outlier, but it is free from the hype bias that surrounds Federal Donuts. Even in Philly, a publicist can work miracles. And the publicist for Federal Donuts has earned his or her money. 

Look. The donuts are good. They are uniquely flavored. But they are also so sweet, that it's often hard to taste the flavoring. They just end up tasting sweet. I realize donuts are meant to be sweet, but too much mutes any flavorings. 

And at $2.50 apiece for a small donut, it better be a really remarkable and memorable donut, but unfortunately the donuts at Federal Donuts are ones you'll immediately forget.
Wow. I've bought these doughnuts for years but never actually eaten them myself. Incredible.
Chicken and Donuts who would of known!!!  Right!!  Wellllll Philly is not  a close drive so anytime I plan a trip to Philly it's either a cheesesteak or Federal Donuts!  If you haven't tried it, please go and do it.

My favorites:
Dry Rub Chicken Wings: 
Buttermilk Ranch  and Coconut Curry 

Donuts:
Hands down the Strawberry Lavendar Hot and Fresh sugar donut AND the honey donut which comes with the chicken.

They have coffee (hot, cold brew, Vietnamese) anD they recently added French fries and they are tasty!

I love this place!  So freakin delicious!!!
It's mostly all hype. 
plain and simple. 

You'll find Better Donuts @ the Bristol Amish Market as well as Yum Yum's on Street Rd. 

Not bad but not worth all the attention and hype this place receives. IMO
Best donuts I've had yet! The place itself has a functional and playful vibe about it and the donuts are AMAZING. We took half a dozen home and they remained fresh for DAYS. excited to try all the flavors!
So normally I'm a huge fan of Federal donuts and I've been here countless times. This was my first trip to this location. I prefer their donuts to others because I prefer a cake like donut, that's just what these are. My review today is solely based on the new breakfast sandwich. 

I loved the idea of this new addition and it could have been and should have been perfect. The bacon was thick and crispy. The cheery pepper jam was where it's at. It was fantastic! Literally made the sandwich. I don't think there could have been a better cheese option, the cooper sharp was perfect. The martins potato bun was fresh and always delicious. The god damn egg ruined it! It was terrible!! How hard is it to make a fresh egg? It's probably cheaper and would have made the mediocre sandwich perfect. Why? Why is such a crappy pre cooked egg? For those who haven't had it. The egg is very similar to what's on a Wawa breakfast sandwich. So bummed and such a major disappointment. $6.00 for this sandwich is not worth it, even with the free coffee. Put a real egg on it and I'll pay that all day long. Rant over... 3 stars
I thought Federal Donuts would be a cool spot to check out for a donut breakfast. We got the Cookies and Cream and Strawberry Lavender. 

Unaware their Hot and Fresh donuts were actually not glazed, I was unpleasantly surprised to find out our donuts were literally the same but with different sprinkles on top. The Cookies and Cream was sweeter than the Strawberry, but both were meh. The donut tasted more like a cake pastry than an actual donut. 

Getting the glazed would probably have been a better bang for your buck. They also really tax each donut. But at least we got to see a cop drop by for probably a donut.
Review for donuts, not chicken.

Bottom line: overpriced and over-hyped.

I got a dozen fancy donuts for a work thing. There was chocolate mint, pumpkin spice latte, chocolate cake, chocolate glazed, and two others that I am not quite sure what they were. I personally tried the mint chocolate and the pumpkin spice, and was only marginally impressed. Honestly I prefer several other Dunkin Donuts flavors above what I tried from Federal donuts today.

$25 for 12 donuts and a cup of coffee is a bit extreme, especially when the donuts weren't that impressive or large. I'd go back to try the fried chicken, but when I pass by this joint I will no longer feel an urge to stop in.
I don't get this place as regards donuts...I don't get it...I don't get it!  I made my third (and last) donut purchase from Federal Donuts recently at this location on the edge of Northern Liberties.  btw - There is ample parking here which is a plus for people wishing to patronize this establishment.  The donuts listed on the board they didn't have (which is kind of strange to have them written on an overhead board and you spend time trying to decide which ones you want only to find out when you go to order that they currently only have different flavors. Change the board!)

Anyway, I then decided to only order one and I ordered a Grapefruit Glazed donut.  It cost $2.70 with tax.  I guess it had a grapefruit flavor to it ... the burnt glaze was mostly what I tasted.  It was heavy...cake-like. I understand - that's their style of donuts. I prefer lighter. And e.g. at Beilers in the Reading Market which I personally think are much, much tastier - donuts cost a half to a third of the price.  I don't know if this place is just overhyped or there are many people who really love them and don't mind spending $2.70 on a donut.  Whatever!
I will very much go out of my way to stop at federal donuts when I'm in the Philadelphia area. It's been a while since I've had the fried chicken, but the donuts are always to die for. The "fancy" donuts are my go to as they are always experimenting with new flavors. Of course you have the standard C&C, Cinnamon Brown Sugar, and Strawberry Lavender. 

I'm a huge sweets guy, and donuts are my one true weakness. I can't stress this enough. These donuts are spectacular. Especially when warm.
First time here...and the cashier told me about the variety of fancy donuts they offered with flavors ranging from keylime-pecan marple....I ended up trying out a "hot and fresh" donut with the flavor of strawberry lavender. 

The donut took about 3mins to make, and she dusted the donut into the flavor and there it is I now have my first hot and fresh donut from Federal Donuts....Just took my first bite and it was Delissshh...never had a hot donut, but was dying to try this place out since I've heard nothing but positive things about the brand and the company itself..

Everything was great here, cashier was very helpful, music was cool, tables were clean and there was convenient parking :) love it! I will definitely be back-next time I'll try the chicken sandwich 

Eating a regular donut will never be the same-thanks to Federal Donuts
one of the best donuts around this area. i always try to make a pit stop if i'm in the area, and i dont even live anywhere close to philly! 

the best is when its HOT HOT HOT right off the conveyor belt! i always grab a 1/2 dozen of the normal donuts (2 of each kind: strawberry, cookies n cream, cinnamon sugar) for around $7 ish bucks. 

i've had their "specialty" donuts too, and they're LEGIT too!!! 

PROTIP: ask them in advance to put it in the box or else it'll come all jumbled up in the bag, and then the grease leaks through the bag
PROTIP: if you use the bag, make sure you ask for a plastic bag to put around it so the grease doesnt leak through in your car

highly highly recommended donuts! chicken is not bad, but i'd rather spend my $$ on the donuts!
Come on -- this place is delicious! 

I love love love their freshly fried donuts that come out hot and ready to eat. Their fancy donuts are really fun and after you have one you'll want 10 more. 

Their fried chicken is the bomb. I would get the shabazzi style. If the chicken sandwhich is an option do not hesitate to order. It is amazing and is well balanced with flavors. 

FedNuts owns the hummus bar across the street which is also amazing, so maybe get some chicken and hummus with a donut for dessert :)
I LOVE federal donuts. I always make it a point to stop by whenever I'm visiting Philly. The fancy donuts are delicious, but I think their hot and fresh donuts are way better. They shine in their simplicity.

Their fried chicken is also awesome. I've tried the zatar, buttermilk ranch, and honey garlic, the honey garlic being my favorite, but you really can't go wrong with any of them. Like other reviewers have mentioned, their fried chicken is hot and juicy in the middle and super crunchy on the outside. Eat these immediately. 

FYI, they don't start serving the fried chicken until 11:00am.
All those cereal commercials are lying to you. A balanced breakfast doesn't consist of milk, OJ, cereal, and a banana. If you want a balanced breakfast, you should hop in line for fried chicken, a glazed donut, and coffee from FedNuts.  

I'm not much of a sweet breakfast person, but the donuts are great here. The chicken is wonderful, no matter how you have it dressed - wet or dry, they're all good. And when you're eating chicken and donuts for breakfast you're probably going to need something to get you moving afterwards; the coffee.

Oh, and don't try to convince someone to come with you that needs an explanation on why those two foods are served together. Those people don't deserve it.
Federal Donuts offer dense, cake-like donuts that range from being richly flavored to subtly sweet. For this trip, my boyfriend and I got the following:

Strawberry Shortcake -- At first smell, you get a strong sense of strawberry jam from the icing glaze. Much of its strawberry taste comes from the glaze, though the bread itself also holds a lighter taste of strawberries.

Grapefruit Brulee -- Of the three, this one had the strongest taste. The glaze was immensely tarty (enough so that we both made sour faces within a few seconds of chewing). However, that initial tartiness soon dissipates within ~ 10 seconds. 

Lemon Ricotta -- This one was by far my favorite. The taste was very light and sweet (ironic since one would associate lemon with being more of a tart taste). The donut batter was not as cake-like as the others, which complimented its delicate taste. 

At the end of the day, however, these donuts are very pricey -- $2.50 for each of their specialty ones ($1.50 for the regulars). For such specialty flavored donuts, you could also look at Beiler's (in Reading Terminal Market) -- they're individual donuts are less than $1.00 and they have more of a variety to choose from!
Great chicken but I get it plain. They screwed up my order today and gave me wings with ranch . On top of it two orders. I was very unhappy for $20 . Yuck. The ice coffee usually is outstanding but not today. I was kind of bummed. The donuts abet good are very expensive. I like them plain . Some of the Flavors are just silly. Still it's one of my favorite places. This location always seems to have issues.
I have been here on multiple occasions. I've gotten a half dozen of the fancy donuts. Aside from the cost ($13), I was impressed. The donut itself was dense and more cake like, than fluffy. I particularly liked the sweet potato pie donut. I have also tried their fried chicken sandwhich on two occaions. I was told that their fried chicken wasn't very good so I had to see for myself. I felt it was a bit overpriced considering the portion size but it is very good and  I definately enjoyed the sandwhich. In fact, right now I am craving one. It is definately not the best fried chicken I have had but it certainly isn't bad. The fried chicken breast wasn't overly greasey and the spicy rooster sauce with the pickles had just the right amount of tang.

On my most recent visit, I tried one of their hot fresh donuts with cinnamon and sugar.  I actually thought it was better than their fancy donuts. It was a great basic donut, I had no complaints.
Perfect combination of sweet and savory. The chicken is delicious and the donuts are mouthwatering, or the other way around.  I especially love the chicken sandwich. 

This place is slowly becoming a Philly staple and I'm loving that it's expanding and popping up in places like the Citizens Park and Spruce Street Harbor.
My love affair with Federal Donuts is officially over. And i drive 30 min from the suburbs just to come here. 
First the woman cut me off before i could get my requests even out of my mouth. They were sold out of every donut except for glazed. If this is a donut place, why cant you make more? 

They are already way over priced. I asked can i have half of  the chicken in the buttermilk ranch and half dry. Before i was done asking, she was cutting me off telling me what kind of chicken cuts they were-which was not my question. Then she told me the buttermilk ranch was really good and i should try it. That wasnt my question. Ive been to this location and the other one plenty of times. She told me no, it all had to be one flavor. I asked could i have some of the powder in a separate container, she told me no, because it wouldn't stick to the chicken if it wasnt hot. I was trying different options but she just was not having it. 

How hard is it to put powder in a container. Or put two pieces of chicken in the powder instead of 4 pieces?! 

No way will I spend $9.25 for a half a chicken again.
After seeing Federal Donuts pop up on multiple respected food sites listed in Philly's ten must eat places for their fried chicken, I decided to make the trip.  As with many of the other local places these sites rave about, don't believe the hype. 

I ordered a plain half chicken and tried the chile-garlic and honey ginger glazes on the side.  I'm glad I got them on the side.  Each glaze had it's own set of issues, and actually tasted quite foul.  The pieces of chicken were very small, one was way overcooked, and there was zero seasoning in the batter.  It came with a plain doughnut that was cold and soggy, and three dime sized pickles packed neatly in a condiment container.  Terrible value for that amount of chicken, and I don't particularly care for donuts at lunch.  The fact that it was completely empty at lunch hour is very telling.  Despite the emptiness, they felt the need to entertain us with dance music at ear splitting levels.

I'm going to give this place two stars, just because I've had worse.  It also seemed clean inside, even though the decor was kind of blah. They need to lower the prices, fix the seasoning/glazes, and add a side option other than that donut.  If they do that, maybe I'll give it another shot someday.  I have a feeling things will stay exactly same.  I get the feeling FD thinks they're the s--t, and little old me is definitely not going to convince them otherwise.
Earlier today I decided to try out Federal for the 1st time.  I order via Caviar.
I opted for the chicken sandwich and a half dozen donuts.  When the order arrived, it was missing the sandwich but I was starving so scarfed down 2 donuts.  They did redeliver my sandwich later on and included 6 more donuts.

When I first bit into the donut, I was blown away but there a few factors to take into consideration; for starters, I was starving AND the donuts were hot hot hot.
I don't think I have ever had a donut that hot from the fryer.  

I put the donuts aside when the sandwich arrived so I could at least get some protein in.  I have to say, the sandwich was pretty darn good.  The chicken was juicy, the roll was soft, and the sauce was spicy but not too overbearing for those of us who don't like spice.

A few hours later, I went to grab another donut that was still warm and it just didn't hit the spot the same way which leads me to believe it was more of a dire hunger "good" and hot off the presses "good" instead of a DAMNNN that was one hell of a donut.

While I will definitely order the chicken sandwich again, I'm not sure that I would add any donuts to the mix.
This is another "stumble upon". While traveling up to Temple U. 
How lucky for me. This North Philly location is beautiful and they have off street parking. 
The donuts are great but a tad expensive.
 C' mon $20 for a dozen????
The chicken is noteworthy for the city. 
Its nothing short of incredible. So good I bought an entire chicken. It was plump, juicy and i got 4 meals. 
Its worth the drive from the burbs just for the chicken but when i return i will leave with donuts for sure.
Consistently good donuts, hot and fresh are the way to go but some of their fancy donuts hit the spot too. The best fried chicken sandwich in Philly and a really great breakfast sandwich too
If you're looking for a good freshly made donut that's light yet tasty, this is the place for you. While the specialty donuts aren't bad, there's something to be said about having a fresh hot donut that's literally made to order. I got a half dozen of the cinnamon sugar donut and had to practice self control to prevent myself from polishing the box. The donut was PERFECT (not heavy and not too sweet)!
First time having their chicken sandwich and it was delish. I have heard rave reviews, which I can understand but I wouldn't go as far as to say it's my favorite sandwich in this city. Also love their cookies and cream donut-- seriously so delicious. It somehow taste like cookies and cream but looks like a basic cinnamon donut with some black specs... definitely will be back
OK~ I get it donuts are great, nice to be able to get a parking. Service is friendly and place is cool. But 2.50 for a donut?? $20 for a dozen! At least offer a free cup of coffee with that dozen.  I hear the chicken is awesome but I was in such shock after my donut tab I had to go sit down and re-group. Next time I'll get chicken but definitely skip the donut$.
I had only tried the specialty donuts previously, but promised I'd come back for the chicken. Luckily hubby was craving Fried Chicken, and after a search on Yelp, I stumbled on Federal Donuts (how dare I not think of it sooner!) I like this location because it has a convenient parking lot for quick pick up dinner after work. The staff were extremely friendly and explained that a half meant 3 pieces: leg, thigh, and breast and you could order one flavor for each half which is typically perfect for one person. I asked for the most popular flavors, which were buttermilk ranch and soy garlic, and decided to get a half of each. You also get a lemon creme donut with each half. We weren't able to eat the chicken right away, but even few hours later, the chicken was delicious! We both enjoyed the soy garlic better, but the buttermilk ranch was still good. I completely understand why Federal Donuts received the Best of Philly award for their Fried Chicken for 2014! Unfortunately, it can get pretty pricey for $9.25 (not including tax) for half portion of fried chicken. Otherwise, we may have made it a weekly meal!
Great service here on a Sunday morning. I had the hibiscus donut and my husband had a chocolate glazed donut. Glazed donuts were heavenly sweet but delicious. I saw some bad reviews for their coffee, but I enjoyed it.
This place is amazing!  They make the donuts fresh with each order.  In fact, I had to wait 10 minutes for them to cool down before I could eat them.  This location is clean and never super busy.  Its a really great addition to the neighborhood and people with cars are sure to appreciate the parking lot.  Best donuts in Philly and the Delaware Valley.
I am now a believer of "the hype" with Federal Donuts!

I had to wait for a little while for my order (made to order; fresh). While waiting, there was a good amount of customers patiently waiting in line to order. At that moment, I knew, it's going to be D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S!

I wanted to try both donuts and fried chicken -- so I did! This combination is worth all the calories (HUNTY)! Mmm...mmm...mmm! If you love chicken wings (fried crispy; just right) and/or donuts -- Federal Donuts will not disappoint. I had honey ginger wings & fries - yum! The combo came with a drink and a honey donut (it was great; melted in my mouth). Also, tried the old fashioned donut that was just as good! Real donuts. Dunkin Donuts could never!

Five stars!
Very good donuts! Not nearly as heavy as some donuts. Love the vanilla spice, eclair!! The lavender has been a fav of my dad's since we found it! Still havent had the chicken, but I'm usually thinking about donuts in the early am not chicken! 

They have free on site parking so it's easy in and out!
Don't understand the hype... doughnuts were far from amazing. I would have enjoyed a doughnut from Dunkin Donuts better-- and at least also had a decent cup of coffee. 
 
Save your money...make a trip into Manhattan and find a Doughnut Plant. Then reconsider how this place could have such high ratings.
Meh. Expensive and fattening, although nothing tastes good enough to crave. I stopped in for a few donuts with a friend. We tried two of the fresh hot donuts as well as two specialty donuts. Both hot flavors we sampled (vanilla spice and cinnamon brown sugar) tasted the same, and they were too dense and greasy. Disappointment. The fancy donuts were so heavy I couldn't have more than one bite of a chocolate cake, and it didn't taste as fresh as I was expecting it to taste.

I'm not Homer Simpson, but I crave a donut once in a while. Call this blasphemous, but I'd more likely go to Dunkin to grab a donut- a third of the price, tastes fine to me.

Saving grace? The coffee's good, and my coworkers rave about the chicken. I haven't tried the chicken yet, but before I totally write FD off, I'll be back to try it.
I never had federal doubts before, seen they just put up this new location and decided to give it a try and I was not disappointed. 

As soon as I walked in I notice how clean it was, I could of ate off the floor no lie. The service was awesome. I walked up to the counter told they guy I never had federal  before and the dude started explaining things like I was at a gallery lol.  

I couldn't stay for them to cook some actual  food so I got 2 donuts.  At 2 dollars a pop it's definitely  the most expensive  donut  I've ever had.  Decide to go for the chocolate glaze and blackberry walnut. The donuts are amazing to compare these to anything else should be a crime. Chocolate glaze tasted so fresh I though I was eating home made chocolate cake.  The blackberry walnut so just as amazing never tasted anything like it. Will definitely be returning in the near future.
For someone who isn't a fan of donuts to enjoy the ones here is a compliment in my book. I mostly went for the chicken which was juicy, really crunchy and with a seasoning similar to Doritos cool ranch on the ones I got, it was absolutely amazing. I'd recommend to anyone looking for Donuts or Chicken 100%
If you love donuts, no doubt you've heard of Federal Donuts. It's the most popular donut in Philadelphia and often finds itself on every type of donut list, local and national. It's so popular that they now have several locations throughout the city.

This location is in Poplar and near the Edgar Allen Poe house. It has a fun 1970s feel to it with umbrella tables in front and a diner feel inside. It almost feels like a Sonic rather than a donut shop. 

They sell donuts (obviously). They have classic ones and more fancy ones like S'mores. I always go with the old fashioned chocolate donut for $2.75. If you stop in for lunch, they make a good fried chicken.

If you pride yourself in donuts, head over to Federal Donuts!
I like the new location because it's big, has plenty of seating where you're not in the way of the line, and a parking lot that makes it a convenient stop for an after-work treat on the way home from the office. 

The donuts are still warm and amazing, but I wasn't as blown away by the fried chicken. I tried the buttermilk ranch dry rub and the chili garlic glaze. The buttermilk ranch left something to be desired. Upon first bite you can taste the ranch, but it quickly becomes bland and flavorless. The chili garlic was very good, though, and I'll be back to try the other flavors.
Can I start off with saying I don't really like doughnuts? I know. Everyone thinks I'm nuts, but idk. That oily dough ball just isn't my jam. Until you turn it into a crumbly cake. And top it with crumbles. And icing. And peach jam. The cobbler. Dah peach cobblah ladies and gents. It was great. But super sweet, as I like things. So I'm sure not for everyone. I've had a couple doughnuts here now, and I must say I've enjoyed them all, although I didn't get a pancake vibe from the blueberry pancake. For the record I've only been here for my Saturday doughnut and coffee bike rides. Got to have that balance (no bike pun intended). My only gripe is their iced coffee is really acidic compared to others I've had. I've had this issue at both locations I've been to, so clearly there's something they're doing that I'm not a big fan of. Either way, this Saturday I'll be back. ‍
Honestly, I don't understand all the hype about this place. We went there around 2pm, so there wasn't that much variety of donuts, which I understand. We got one of each kind of donut that was left(4 donuts), and out of all of them, only one was good(ish). The donuts are soft on the inside like mushy cake, not like how most donuts taste like. The fried chicken was nothing special, either. We got the honey soy glazed, buttermilk ranch, and z'atar flavors, and while the chicken on the inside was quite tender, and the outside was crunchy, the flavoring was just off and fake-tasting. Someone in our group even said that Popeyes chicken tastes better. My expectations for this place were pretty high, considering all of the good reviews, and this place did not at all meet my expectations.
I wish I could review the chicken and the donuts separately, because they are two different worlds.

I almost think that I must be having different donuts then everyone else here because honestly, these are disgusting. But I've tried them twice (at this location; never been to the others), and they were the same both times. When you squeeze them, grease oozes out; the bag is coated in a layer of I don't know what. I gave one to my wife and, after a single bite, she refused to continue.

It's a shame because the flavors have potential; they're nothing incredibly creative but still better than your run-of-the-mill donut place. But ugh these things are bad. 1 star. At best.

And like I said - the chicken was a different story. The chicken itself was moist and flavorful while the skin was crispy and comes with a variety of spices. I'm a fan! I'd give it 4/5 stars, just getting dinged on some consistency issues (the odd piece is dried out). The worst part about the chicken, though, is that it comes with a free donut. Which is bad enough that I think twice about going by to order the chicken!

In sum: donuts=gross, chicken=amazing.
I had several donuts and each was really good. The strawberry lavender was fresh and hot and not overly sweet, while it tasted more of strawberry than lavender it was nice light donut. The Chocolate 3  was super moist and as the name implies super chocolatey while managing not to be overly sweet. My favorite was the Chocolate Oatmeal. It was again moist, not overly sweet and had a richness that made this one my favorite by far. The service was fast and friendly and this location has ample parking.
Got a 6 pack of doughnuts on our way out of Philly. The simpler doughnuts are made fresh to order and coated in different flavored sugars. Make sure to taste those while they are hot! So good! We tried the cookies and cream and strawberry lavender.

We also got some pre-made frosted specialty ones - blood orange, carrot cake, blueberry muffin and guava. The guava was my favorite - tangy and sweet. Blueberry was good too. Carrot cake and blood orange were a little disappointing - not as strong on the flavors. 

We also enjoyed the Vietnamese coffee - needed more cream but nicely sweetened and strong flavor. Store wasn't busy early in the morning on Sunday.
I tried some take out from here previously and had to go back for more! I tried their sandwich this time and it is by far the best chicken sandwich I have yet to have and pairs perfectly with their donuts!
This is the best location yet.  Parking alone makes this one a winner over the others.  The wait time for hots is much shorter than original location.  Same awesome and delicious hots with varying flavors on rotation.
Came strictly for the Fried Chicken, but ended up ordering some Donuts too. Why not?

We chose Za'atar & Chili Garlic Glazed Chicken.
It was Crispy, Crunchy, Juicy and Lip-Smacking Good!

We had the Strawberry Lavender, Churro & Strawberry Cheesecake Donuts as well.

I say... come for the Chicken!!
Some of the best and most popular donuts in  Philly! You can't go wrong with either the freshly dipped sugar ones or the specialty flavored ones.

I live closer to the Sansom Street location but I prefer this Nolibs one (when I'm already in the car) because there is a generous amount of parking and the specialty donuts do not run out as fast. I've gone to the Sansom Street store towards the end of the day several times only to find out that there were out of the specialty donuts for the day :(

Haven't explored the chicken options yet, but I'm sure I will since the donuts just keep bringing me back. The coffee is average at best.
Food is just as good as the other fednuts stores, but what stands out this time is the space itself! It is very large and enough tables for you to actually stay and eat your fried chicken and donuts. 

The coffee is delicious, iced or hot. The fancy donuts get a nice display case, so you can see the actual donut you were ordering. I didn't have the fried chicken yet at this one, but I saw a nice little sign saying they offered wings! I will definitely be back for that because the fried chicken at the original store is pretty damn great!
Pleasantly surprised by this spot. From the outside, it looks a little sketchy - "donuts, coffee, chicken" Haha. BUT, great donuts and even better iced coffee. Donuts are more on the cakey/dense side so don't expect anything like Dunkin'. I tried the Mississippi Mud with a Vietnamese Iced Coffee. Delicious. Perfect balance of sweetness. 

Clean location and friendly staff. If you're in the area or visiting the Edgar Allan Poe House, it's worth stopping by to grab a donut after.
I'm not a huge fan of the donuts here, but the wings are the best. They serve the whole wing here (wing, drum, and the tips), and it's fried and seasoned perfectly. Extremely crispy on the outside and very tender on the inside. My favorite seasoning is the buttermilk ranch. It reminds me of sour cream and onion chips (which is my favorite flavor of chips).

The reason why I'm not a big fan of the donuts is because I feel that they are way too sweet. It's like eating a bag of sugar. My teeth hurt just thinking about it.

Overall: great spot for lunch or a quick little appetizer and I will surely be back
I had Korean fried chicken and the cinnamon sugar donut. So yummy. But I accidently flicked some of the chili garlic sauce in my right eye when I was tearing up my chicken. That stinged so bad.
But everything tasted delicious.
I'm actually not sure why I waited so long to review this place. I've had countless fancies here and they were and are always fresh and delicious. The staff is friendly, the place is clean and they're always coming out with new fun flavors as well as bringing back oldies.
This is the place I take out of town guest visiting. They love the concept of it. The chicken is tasty and the donuts are good as well! I've only ever had the donuts that comes standard with the chicken. Although there are many different interesting flavor options as well. They can sell out of popular items quickly, especially on weekends, so I suggest heading their earlier rather than later! Good coffee too!
2 donuts , small and a large coffee  for $9 ? Beiler's Donuts at Reading terminal market have better and cheaper donuts .
The chicken is fantastic and every doughnut I have ever had has been warm and fresh. Customer service is great, even when they are packed. Everyone is friendly and wants to serve you as quickly and politely as possible. I have never had a problem and always look forward to going back.
Review for donuts only. Must go back for the chicken. 

We found this new location of federal donuts  on yelp on our way back up to NYC and were so excited. We picked up three fancy donuts to go: chocolate coconut, blueberry marscapone and cherry. Amazing!! They weren't too sweet and the flavors were really good. The cakey donut itself is moist and soft. I wish I'd bought more. 

Go early because they sell out. In fact, we were lucky enough to grab the last blueberry and coconut ones. 

Will definitely be back for more donuts and to try the fried chicken.
Located in an interesting spot of the city- west no libs?  East fairmount?  no clue.  but either way, we found it after stumbling upon it one day and it just happened to be cheat day so why not!  Of course we went only for the donuts (Maybe we'll try the other fare another day) but all in all a good experience.  The place looked clean and neat, simple (in a good way) and they were very quick to attend to us and answer any questions behind the counter.  I got the chocolate cake with glaze and my boyfriend got the original donut (right out of the fryer it seemed).  Price was average (obviously more than say DD) but when we bit into each donut we were surprised.  We never thought a donut could taste so real and good.  My choc cake donut was definitely exactly that- a cake-like donut.  It was delicious as long as you like choco cake.  My bf's donut was warm, sweet, soft and moist (though I HATE the word moist, I will use it just this once). 

YUM YUM YUM! Good job Fed Donuts!
I just went for the first time and this place is AMAZING!!! I tried the chicken sandwich and it was incredible. Hot, crispy, juicy, tender and flavorful all at once. I can't wait to try one of the donuts. I might go back tomorrow...
Federal Donuts has opened a new location in North Philly. This location actually has parking! There is also plenty of seating. And of course, the donuts and chicken that you've come to expect from Federal Donuts. My favorite donuts would have to be the Sea Salt Chocolate and the Blackberry Walnut.

I also like that they had the grand opening for this store on National Donut Day!
Nice light batter donuts and crunchy fried chicken. 

Our trip here was not planned but it was worth the stop. Having heard everyone always talking about Federal Donuts, we figured we'd try them. 

A staff member gave us the run through of the menu and options we could choose: fried regular or cake-batter "fancy" donuts, and fried chicken tenders or wings. (We did not expect the chicken!)

We opted for 2 fried chicken sandwiches. They come on potato rolls with a ranch rub, spicy mayo-like sauce, American cheese (hold for me!) and pickles (hold for Alex). These double fried tenders were as promised: moist inside and crunchy outside. I would have loved more sauce. 

Now, for the donuts. We couldnt choose so naturally we got 3 to try: two fancy (churro and tres leches) and one fresh (strawberry lavender). The strawberry reminded me of fruity pebbles; not much lavender, but the donuts itself was light. Churro was my favorite but could have used more of the (caramel or dulce de leche?) glaze. Alex says the tres leches was good but needed (more) condensed milk.

Next time: we'll ask for more sauce on the sandwiches and see if they have a heart-stopper: chicken inside a donut as a sandwich!
Loved tge Hot fresh donuts the strawberry lavender YASSSSS...the Fancy loved the key lime and blueberry was reallt good
LOVE the donuts. Absolutely HATE the coffee. Would still visit again for donuts lol
I order their classic 3 piece zataar fried chicken every few months. But, I've noticed that the sizes of chicken pieces are smaller for the last few orders. The prices are still the same. It's disappointing. I hope it's just the bathes of Chicken they are getting and not their cost cutting strategy. Looks like Andy's and love and honey are getting my biz....
Feeding my Federal Donuts addiction I went over to the new N 7th St location. I had been going to the 2 St location for a long time and was used to it there. I will now be at the N 7th St location since there is parking and actual tables. Now that Federal Donuts is serving their chicken sandwiches everywhere its just amazing. We got a few of the chicken sandwiches, an order of wings, and a few donuts my absolute favorite was the strawberry shortcake, I need to get to this location early so that I can get the chocolate eclair donut though. All in all, keep up the good work and I will be back!
How could you find something negative to say about this place?? Warm fresh made to order donuts. You can't go wrong here. I've had their"fancy" donuts and not a huge fan as they are just like regular donuts. But the warm fresh ones are incredible. Highly recommend for a treat!
I love federal donuts! And this place def makes them well! Why 3 stars? This location has SLOW service. Not because they're understaffed, not because they're busy, but because there is no oversight of the employees. While one worker was making donuts, refilling items, and taking orders, the other girl was chatting it up and flirting with one single customer. We were first in line when we entered, yet had to wait 25 minutes for our donuts because one worker was trying to get those digits while on the job. I would hate if she were my co-worker, and the other worker was obviously unhappy doing the job of 2 people.
This place is love at first sight. Since the first time I've been, every time I travel to, near, or through Philly, I make whoever I'm traveling with me stop at Federal Donuts. Always only praises, never any complaints.

All flavors of friend chicken are good, though I prefer the dry seasonings. Chicken sandwiches are AMAZING. Love the fresh sugar coated donuts--strawberry lavender is my favorite.

Expand to DC please!!!
[This review originally appeared on fare-game.net]

When fried chicken masters Federal Donuts announced their grand opening of their newest West Poplar location was set for June 7th, complete with Grand Opening Party, I must admit I was a little bummed. I am a bit of a fanatic for their chicken (their donuts are excellent as well but I'm actually not a huge fan of donuts in general) and have been following the transformation of this newest spot as it just so happens to be ACROSS THE STREET from my apartment complex.

But we will be out of town this Saturday for their 1 day only specials (Hot Donut Ice Cream Bomb as a collaboration with Little Babys, and Fried Chicken Donut Sandwiches) and I will miss out. I have had my fingers crossed for a soft opening and yesterday my husband noticed staff inside and lights on. Fried Chicken was coming.

And today was a glorious day as Fednuts opened their doors and starting slinging birds and tasty donuts. I went directly after work, only pausing momentarily at home to check in with my new kitten. By the time I got there, (4pmish), they were already out of all Fancies.  The new flavors sound delectable including a Salted Tahina and Blackberry Walnut. The Hot Fresh Donuts are where it's at in my opinion, and I got a Lemon Cream Hot Fresh in addition to the Honey Lemon donuts that come with each order of chicken.

I got 2 chicken halves: my go-to Buttermilk Ranch Dry Spiced and the Sweet Soy Garlic glazed. The chicken was juicy and tasty as always and I really really loved the Sweet Soy Garlic Glazed. But I'm looking forward to trying them all eventually. I need to finally try the wings as well; they usually in short supply and sell out very quickly at the Sansom St location so I'm hoping to go early on Friday. 

The new space is HUGE compared to the other locations; a whole lot more seating and they have a few parking spots too. Love the huge windows that go hand in hand with the clean bright decor. This is a great addition to our neighborhood and now my only problem will be trying not to eat there everyday! Welcome FedNuts!
I went there with great expectations of good ' fried chicken' . 
I ordered the chicken with Chilli Lime glaze. What I got was 'soggy' chicken dowsed in a Chilli lime sauce. It was disgusting. It was NOT fried chicken, it was soggy chicken.
The staff there was good enough to offer me another variety of fried chicken. I truly appreciated their efforts to understand my disappointment. 
I did however like their donut. 
I will go back there for their donuts but NOT for their Fried Chicken.
The fried chicken that was offered to me after I complained was not that great. KFC is better than this place.
Always a fan of Federal Donuts. This place has a decent amount of parking compared to the other locations too! 

However, one time when I ordered something like 6 boxes, they forgot an ENTIRE BOX of donuts. Now I check every single thing they make before I leave out the door but they give me this dirty look for not trusting them.
Chicken and donuts are great. The coffee is always way too hot. I get burned every time :/
This place should be called Federal Cakes, not donuts. The donuts were cold and honestly pretty stale. They are good (minus the staleness) but are essentially pieces of cake not donuts. 

Beiler's Donuts is a better option!
Federal Donuts, overall, is BOMB. I live right next door and have been here more times than I can count. I've tried countless donuts, breakfast sandwiches, coffee drinks, chicken sandwiches, French fries...you name it, I've had it. Prices are reasonable, everything is fresh and delicious, and they use only the best ingredients. My favorite donut to date is the "Pastelito" with guava glaze - YUM. I was a bit disappointed by the breakfast sandwich (what is that egg thing?) and the chicken can be dry sometimes, but I have had mostly good experiences here. Check it out!
The cashier was really friendly and helpful. The place is spotless clean.

I ordered 2 pcs of ranch chicken , a honey donut, and strawberry donut. The chicken was a little salty but very juicy and the skin was crispy. Both donuts were hot and tasted great. 

You can also watch the make your donuts as you wait.
This place has the best donuts  omg im so in love  i will highly recommend this place for a quick lunch .
While at Philly, my friends and I stopped by here for donuts. There was a short line when we arrived and it moved quickly. My friends and I each ordered different donuts to try so in the end we were able to try all of the different types of flavored powdered sugar and one "fancy" donut. The donuts which could be coated with powdered sugar were made fresh so it's nice and warm when one receives it. They were also known for their chicken, so one of my friends ordered a chicken sandwich.
Zero complaints here - Federal Donuts is BOMB. I live right next door and have been here more times than I can count. I've tried countless donuts, coffee drinks, chicken sandwiches, French fries...you name it, I've had it. Prices are reasonable, everything is fresh and delicious, and they use only the best ingredients. My favorite donut to date is the "Pastelito" with guava glaze - YUM. Check it
The warm cinnamon sugar donuts are the best thing ever. Do not miss out if you are in the neighborhood. The coffee is great. Cold donuts are really unique. Will come back soon!
Federal Donuts has the BEST hot donuts. My absolute favorite is the cinnamon brown sugar. Vanilla spice is a close second. I am not really a big fan of the strawberry. 
I have only tried the grapefruit brulee of the specialty donuts. It was not what I was expecting. I was very heavy on the grapefruit and lacking on the brulee flavor. I will be sticking to the hot donuts/ highly recommending them.
I was running late.and needed my.morning coffee fix! Ive driven past this store before but didn't stop because of the busy intersection.  So, I finally got a chance to stop. I walked in to the wonderful smell fresh donuts but opted out of purchasing one. I needed coffee bad! The staff was friendly and the store minimal but cute decor. As I waited anxiously for my fix, I did some.peiple watching. There was a customer with a dog in the store !!! A major turn off for me especially when there's food being handles. My coffee was weak and overpriced. $2.75 for 16oz.
Visited back in June and looked up reviews for donuts. So glad I tried it out!! Got the chicken and donuts for the bridal party, it came with their regular donut. I also got one of their other fancy donuts, don't remember which, except if had chocolate on it. Man, bomb.com. The bridal party enjoyed it too, and there happen to be a regular donut left so I tried. OMG!! Their donuts are delicious but their original donut was even way better than I expected!! I wish I was able to take some home on my flight before I left! We need you guys in Houston. Y'all shit on all these other fancy donut shops here.
Good donuts, Great Chicken!

I've ordered a variety of their donuts here, and they always surprise me with their rich and balanced flavors. They offer "regular" and "specialty" donuts, with the specialty being the more expensive of the two. Both are fantastic, but my heart lies with their regular donuts, as they are perfect cakes with just the right amount of flavor, and are always warm! So delicious! Their specialty donuts are always fun, and ever-changing, you can even look up what flavors they are offering on their website which is always updated.

The chicken was the surprise that I didn't know I needed. I always opt for the glazed chili garlic flavor because it is so good I've never felt the need to switch it up! It also comes with a donut so its a great balanced meal ;)

The prices are good and the staff is always personable, this place is always a good casual go-to for lunch!
How do you describe the complexity yet simplicity of a fried dough with flavors so vibrant you never want to look at another dunkin' donut donut, ever again? 

This place is awesome for 3 reasons: 
1) The donuts (duh) 
2) The spot itself 
3) Fried chicken 

1. The donuts come in a variety of flavors but their 3 freshly baked options are: strawberry lavender, cinnamon brown, and glazed. All three are my go to donuts simply because they give off this light touch that makes me feel real good about myself when I consume them. 

2. This location specifically is a great spot to bring a group of friends, people who are visiting Philly,
or to come alone and study (Temple students!) There's enough space and it isn't as crowded as some of the other spots. 

3. You don't really think a spot titled FEDERAL DONUTS screams fried chicken, do you? But this spot serves fried chick and it's HECK good. So give it a try! 

All around, a great wonderful spot and I think it's still better than Beilers, don't @ me
Fried chicken and donuts are not for the weak! So yummy!! Wish there was one in Sacramento!
Good donuts but very expensive, only tried the chicken didn't care for the ranch seasoning, maybe I'll come and try the chicken sandwich spent $27 on I don't what ‍
A short while back I stopped in for a chicken sandwich.  Two actually.  Long story short, the chicken breast was way too big for the bun, the sandwich was slathered in mayo so that holding the sandwich was a mess and the number of pickles were about 4 too many.  The place itself was also a mess. If I wanted a sandwich w half a ton of mayo I would have requested it.
My friend brought me here during a layover at PHL. We wandered in early and had some delicious coffee and a donut - and the donuts - amazing. Not like most donuts, I'm just not a fan.

My only regret was it was too early to try their fried chicken, because za'atar fried chicken is an intriguing concept.

I'll look forward to trying that next time, and they've definitely earned a next time.
Place seems over rated and not that great. I was really looking forward to these "fancy donuts".  What a bust.  The coffee was sour, had to throw it out. The donuts were just okay.  They didn't seem fresh, just lacking.  The buttermilk batter fried chicken was alright, a tad salty, but the donut that came with it was good.  It was definitely not worth the price for that kind of quality.  So disappointed.
Service was so so.
Maybe the other locations are better?
Love this place. The chicken, donuts and coffee are all delicious.
My only complaint is that they always run out of specialty donuts by mid morning! Make more of them!!!
The first thing I noticed about this place is no visa or master card logo in the window. Which made me wonder if it was cash only. Fortunately, if your like me, and only carry credit cards you can still buy fresh donuts. I like that they don't clutter their big windows with unnecessary decals. This place reminds of a 60's burger joint; from the counter tops to the made-to-order food. They take your order by hand, but ring you up using an ipad. I ordered a half dozen donuts: two of each kind. All this to say that I only paid $6 for a half dozen?? Not too shabby! So take it from me...this is a good place and you should check it out.  *da dun dun*
Taste is probably 3.5 stars. Went because the family has never had them. Lose half a star for $27 a dozen and when the consensus of 5 people was, ok, but not great, and certainly not worth the price or hype.
Quick day trip to Philly from DC resulted in stopping over at Federal Donuts for donuts to go. I was in an out of the store quick. The donuts held up the drive home and the next day. The flavors of these donuts were spot on. Not too cakey or overly sweet, just right. Definitely recommend federal donuts if you're in a mood for a donut or something sweet. I've found some donuts in DC to be too heavy or cakey and federal donuts has won me over.
