I stopped by FedNuts at around 3pm yesterday for a quick late lunch after getting into Philly on the train.  I wasn't planning to stop by, per se, but since I didn't have any cash on me, I couldn't hit the food cart I wanted to try.  I decided to try FedNuts instead since it was located between the train station and the location of my meeting and I have a soft spot for fried chicken and donuts.

Given that most of the chicken comes by the half or whole bird, I decided to go with the chicken sandwich ($6.75), which consisted of a chicken breast, spicy sauce, and pickles, reminiscent of a Chick-Fil-A sandwich.  It was a bit greasy, but was quite delicious, easily beating its fast food cousin.  The chicken was crisp on the outside and moist on the inside, as good fried chicken should be.  The spicy sauce added a nice kick, and the tartness of the pickles cut the richness of the rest of the sandwich nicely.

Since all of the fancy donuts were out at the time of my visit, I also ordered a strawberry lavender hot and fresh donut ($2.50).  True to its name, the donut was served hot out of the fryer, and the smell was quite intoxicating, so I didn't delay to nosh on it immediately while waiting for my sandwich and while walking to my destination.  The donut was a bit different than what I expected--rather than being glazed, it's coated with a sugary mixture incorporating strawberries and lavender seed.  While I enjoyed it, I'm not sure that it's worth 2.5 times the price of a donut at Beiler's, which has the best donuts I've ever put in my mouth, bar none.

Overall, I enjoyed my tasty and reasonably-priced (albeit unhealthy...) lunch from FedNuts.  Though there were only two employees working at the time of my visit, they were friendly and efficient--my order came out in about 5 min.  Though I'd return to try the chicken (which I understand comes with different rubs, etc., for regular orders), I'll stick to Beiler's to satisfy my donut cravings when in Philly.
The best way to win over an audience in a public speaking gig? Arrive bearing gifts. And if the audience is composed of college kids, arrive bearing edible gifts. 

I called Federal Donuts the morning of my talk and arranged to pick up four dozen hot donuts in assorted flavors at 1:15pm. I arrived right on time and there was a sheet with my order, but it wasn't ready. In fact, they hadn't even started. I tried to play it cool but, inside, I was already a mess of nerves and this added to the stress. 

Luckily, said donuts didn't take all that long to prepare, and I could tell the staff was hustling to get my order complete as quickly as possible. They even threw in a small box of fancies to set things right, which was a nice gesture. 

A student followed up with me after the lecture and mentioned that everyone loved the donuts. I wouldn't know since I left the room faster than a scared rabbit the moment I finished speaking, but I was glad to hear it. 

I still need to try their fried chicken!
My friend mentioned we had to try this place we stopped by early Sunday morning. 
Walking in, it smelled amazing we decided to go with a dozen donuts cheaper than getting them individually. 
Blubbery, Sweet Potato & Lavender were our choices.
Mine I had the Lavender doughnut this ones hot .. wow this was delicious nice taste not overly sweet nice & warm so good.
The Blubbery was great as well I happened to save this one for the next day & it didn't disappoint very good. Very good sweet potato nice touch with the marshmallows. 
Location wise small with group table seating nothing to be said on the decor since it's not much plain inside. 
Service was good, quick prices are reasonable this was a good choice to try very good fresh dough nuts.
I can't say enough great things about Federal Donuts! I believe this location just opened for which I am ETERNALLY GRATEFUL (and a bit shamed off my diet)...

The service is exactly as personal and attentive as their other location downtown, and the space is open and airy. The donuts are precisely what you've come to expect and love about Federal Donuts. My favorite of all time is the chocolate sea salt which is always melt-in-your-mouth chocodeliciousness (so good you have to make up words to describe!) with a bit of contrast added by the finely grated sea salt in just the right proportion. 

Their main thing is comfort food, and being a vegetarian I cannot speak on the five different flavored fried chicken dishes, but they look delish for those that enjoy meat products. All said, for diet-heathens like myself this place is the ultimate hangover cure serving up the world's best donuts (and fried chicken for some) plus killer coffee! I wish I could take the entire restaurant back to NYC with me!
tl;dr a trendy take on Southern comfort food, this fast-casual chain offers innovative donut flavors and blends Middle Eastern influences into their fried chicken

Mike Solomonov has long been among the elite of Israeli cooking, and his fast-casual concept Federal Donuts doesn't disappoint. This University City outpost offers all of the pleasures of Fed Nuts without the crowds at the Center City location. The modern interior is decked out with a wooden bar top winding up to the checkout counter at the back. The bright lights and the whitewashed walls accentuated the red and blue accents create an inviting atmosphere,  The aromas of both chicken and donuts blend together to get your mouth watering before you even order. You can order any of their Hot Fresh Donuts (available in Cinnamon Brown Sugar, Strawberry-Lavender, or Cookies & Cream sugar flavors), or try out one of their innovative Specialty Donuts (my very favorite was the bright orange, nostalgically tart Guava Poppy).

Despite donuts being in Federal Donuts' name, don't sleep on it's fried chicken. $10 will net you a "half-chicken" -- a breast, a thigh, and a drumstick, with your choice of seasoning. My favorite seasoning is the Coconut Curry, but their Sweet Soy glaze is also on point. If that weren't enough, each order of fried chicken comes with a complimentary honey-glazed donut. The fried chicken is made-to-order, so expect it to be piping hot when your name is called. 

During my last visit, everything was as good as I've come to remember. The cashier was friendly, greeting me before I even made it to the front of the line. After ordering, I scoped out the last unoccupied barstool and waiting for my name to be called. Despite the many patrons, my basket of deliciousness was prepared within 10 minutes of ordering.

Fed Nuts has mastered the delicate balance of fried chicken, delivering up juicy meat and perfectly crispy skin covered with a generous helping of seasoning. The curry had a robust flavor and a lingering spice, leaving my lips tingling after each bite. I was surprised that the chicken breast was a strip rather than a bone-in breast, but I still enjoyed it. The honey donut, meanwhile, was denser than the normal donut, the equivalent of a brownie to cake. My only gripe was that the donut was cold, rather than being freshly fried. Nonetheless, each bite oozed with a distinct honey flavor. 

Fed Nuts is one of my go-to joints in University City, and I look forward to going back soon.
Before I tell you about the deelish donuts up in hea, lemme tell you about what I heard this dude sayin, whilst in line,

"Of course I'm not happy! Look at me, I'm a big fat slob. I've got bigger titties than you do. I've got more chins than a Chinese phonebook.  I've not seen my willie in two years, which is long enough to declare it legally dead.  I can't stop eating. I eat because I'm unhappy, and I'm unhappy because I eat.  It's a vicious cycle.  Now, if you'll excuse me, there's someone I'd like to get in touch with and forgive."

Anyway, the chocolate donuts will make you shake and shiver. 

Add the strong coffee they gotz, and its a full day for moi.
Ok, so FD has been popular on the Yelp-sphere for quite some now and I was really excited (like for real) to finally stop into one of their locations. Because I was a newbie I ordered both chicken and donuts. Let's start with the bad news first. Now, the chicken wasn't bad, but are the wings tempura fried? That threw me a little bit, but the honey ginger sauce made up for it. It actually tasted like real ginger. My gripe isn't really with the wings, but that price?!? Almost $10 for 5 puny wings and a donut?! Nah pleighboy. I can't justify that price when I know I can get 5 large wings for $4 at a Colombian spot in North Philly. 

The donuts are a different story. Those things are pretty great. I had the apple pie donut and it definitely reminded me of the real thing. 

As good as the donuts are, I'm not that much of a donut lover to trek all the way from the Northeast to get some. And for the chicken? As good as it was, not worth $10 for 5 little wings. Sowwy.
I get it! 

I've been hearing so much about federal donuts for almost half a year. Finally I decided to go and try it out. 

When I got there I was received  by a snobbish girl and very little options of donuts. I wanted something with Boston cream. She rolled her eyes and said "the favor is on the icing"  lol !! Well, that wasn't the question I've asked but it was to early to argue. 

I went for a pumpkin donut and a chocolate one. As soon as I had the first bite... I got it! The flavor was heavenly sweet and the dough was firm but with a little bit of moisture to make it perfect! I'm so glad their donuts are 2,50 a piece! If not, I think I  would literally  eat a bucket of them! 

I forgave them for not having cream filled ones and I understood what was all the fuzz about. 

I would have giving five stars if it wasn't for the people working behind the counter.
Good: OMG, I think I may have found what is my donut type. CAKE DONUTS!! This location of federal donuts is in University City and a hit among students. I walked in on a very very rainy late afternoon (lucky me) and found the place to by empty.  The store still had some specialty donuts left for sale, which told me that it was indeed a slow day ;). What I picked:

- 2 speciality/ fancy donuts- Lemon Meringue and Apple Pie ($2.50) each 

-1/2 dozen of the hot fresh donuts (2 each of Vanilla Spice, Strawberry Lavender and Cinnamon Brown Sugar) ($6.00 for 1/2 dozen) or $1.50 each. These donuts are fried to order right in front of you. Seriously!

- 1/2 order of fried chicken with Dry Za'atar spice
- 1/2 order of the fried chicken with Buttermilk Ranch 

I waited a few hours to reach home in JC before trying out my FD haul, and I was not disappointed. The fancy donuts were good, but if people don't get a chance to try them, don't be disappointed since the hot fresh donuts are just as good. We have tried donuts from Beiler's bakery in Reading Terminal Market and I can say I am not a fan of cream fillings or toppings or glazes. The cake donuts from FD is my new love and I think I will not go back to eating regular donuts again.

Bad: :( why don't they have a location in NJ. Wahhhh!!!!!! But on the others and, am glad they don't have a location, or I would have to buy a whole new wardrobe after eating these beautiful babies. I think FD staff forgot to add the strawberry lavender donuts in my bag and instead I got 4 of the vanilla spice and 2 of the cinnamon sugar donuts. But no worries. Will have to trek to FD to get the strawberry lavender soon :)

Ugly: c'mon! How can anyone say anything bad about this place, unless they couldn't get a hand on these donuts. :D

Pro-tip. buttermilk ranch chicken and Za'atar are the most popular chicken flavors.
I used to live next to Doughnut Plant in LES. The downside of living next to such a delicious doughnut shop is that I started to develop impossibly high standards for doughnuts.  During our weekend trips to Philly, I fell in love with Beiler's at the Reading Market, however once I tried Federal Donuts I was hooked. 

The first time I tried Federal Donuts, I ordered the 3 piece fried chicken and it came with a honey donut. I thought the chicken was just average, but I was obsessed with the small honey donut. It was perfection, nice and soft, just a hint of sweetness and it practically melted in my mouth. Unfortunately, at the time, all of the fancy donuts were already sold out. I vowed to come back and try the other Donuts. 

Since that fateful first time, I've been back numerous times to try the different donut flavors. My absolute favorites have been Guava Poppy, Strawberry Cheesecake, Blueberry Pancake and the special edition Stardust flavor to honor David Bowie.  Not only are the donuts delicious, they are also beautiful to look at, almost like a piece of art! 

Even though I didn't love the fried chicken here, I do really like the Fried Chicken Sandwich. Those lil guys are fried to perfection and the spicy sauce takes the sandwich to another level. It's not big, perfect size as a snack. Or as the starter dish for your donuts :)

Hopefully these guys will decide to open up a store in NYC, I am sure they will do extremely well here!
Definitely noticed while eating the donuts a smell of fried chicken. Mind you, I took them home so it couldn't have been the smell of the establishment (they make fried chicken as well).

I went to check the place out as it was highly recommended by one of my friends and the service was great but I was not pleased that my donuts smelled like chicken.

I will not give this place another try, as for the price, the quality isn't adequate. I hope they change this for their future customers.
I just cannot get enough of their buttermilk ranch nor Za'atar fried chicken. And that beautiful hot cake sugar donut that comes with the crack chicken. Gets me, every.single.time.
Cons:
Purchased a half dozen unglazed donuts. They tasted and smelled as if they had been prepared in the same oil as chicken. And while the donuts were hot and soft, this was completely off-putting; the smell was very hard to ignore. Went at around 5 on a Saturday, perhaps It was a fluke or something they do just before closing but I will definitely not return because of this. 

Pros:
Service was fast and the people behind the counter were nice.
This place unleashes my inner fatty to the max!

Casual no frills donuts and fried chicken.  That's all they got and that's all they need to have a line that will be out the door on a Sunday morning/afternoon.

I would come here more so for donuts than for their chicken.
Come early if you want their specialty donuts that they only make a limited amount of each day.
Fresh donuts are made and flavored in combo with sugar mixture.  They are so fluffy and sooooo delish!!!

For chicken we ordered wings with sweet soy garlic. This is one of their "wet seasonings".  It was pretty salty for our taste, but flavorful.
Our friend got the half chicken with dry seasoning buttermilk ranch and that was overwhelming.  The seasoning is "dry" and makes your mouth super dry.  There's a lot of flavor going on and on top of that, really salty.  It's worth trying but I would recommend ordering a half portion and splitting it.
All orders come with a donut (lemon?) and pickle slices. (love the pickles here!)

They have outdoor seating and will bring your food out to you so no need to wait inside.
They also have Dr. Brown's sodas which is so rare to find in places.  Black cherry, root beer, cream soda... they're all so good!
Regular Order:
- 2 Cinnamon Sugar Donuts 
- Small Coffee

Environment: 
- Federal Donuts offers an open environment that is conducive to conversation. However, it does not have much seating, so it is best to grab-and-go. 

Costumer Service: 
- Federal Donuts offers exemplary costumer service. The employees are personable, prompt, and form relationships with their costumers. 

Price to Portion:
- The Federal donut price to portion ratio is good. Though it is not as cheap as other donut places, it offers a fair price for the quality it offers. 

Suggestions: 
    1.  I would suggest that more simple donut and chicken flavors be offered. Though elaborate flavors tend to temporarily attract costumers, at the end of the day, most people are looking for a simple, high quality donut. 
    2.  Though the coffee is good, I would suggest making higher-quality coffee that would compliment the quality of the donuts.
Fresh hot donuts?  Yes please.  Made to order fresh and hot, the bag is steaming, and smells wonderful.  It's a classic old fashioned donut dressed up with flavors like "strawberry lavender".  I enjoyed my donut selection fresh and warm.  I believe these donuts are best enjoyed seconds after they are put in your hand.  A definite must try.
I love Federal Donuts. The concept is so innovative to me! Now, what I don't like is my donuts smelling like rancid fried chicken oil. I saw a couple of reviews about it and smelled my donut to see if it were true because I hadn't noticed the two other times I got a donut from here. Either they're recycling fried chicken oil from days before or not cleaning the fryer properly because there is no reason for this to happen since donuts (or their fancy ones at least) are fried before the chicken--both of these scenarios are infinitely gross. 

So disappointed. Seriously though, smell your donut and complain to the store so that they can fix this fowl mistake ASAP so that we can fall in love with Federal Donuts all over again....
Taking donuts to a completely new level. The flavors are super unique and mouthwatering, and the toppings/icing/glaze don't look nearly as artificial and processed as your typical donuts (e.g. Krispy Kreme, Dunkin'). I highly recommend getting the donuts direcly from the store rather than catered - though the catered donuts are still good, nothing beats the warm and delicious experience of a warm and freshly made donut. The donuts are on the pricier side ($2.50 for the special donuts and $1.50 for the normal, sugared cake donuts), but definitely worth it for a once-in-a-while indulgence.

I went to Federal earlier this week and ordered the Blueberry Marscapone, Old Fashioned Glazed, Strawberry Shortcake donuts, all of which had flavors that were very true to their names - each donut tasted noticeably distinct from each other. For me, they were all sweet (primarily from the glaze and icing rather than from the donut itself) but not sickeningly sweet like the more processed donuts from other mainstream donut stores. There isn't really a less-sweet option though, since all of the donuts that I've seen are heavily glazed, iced, or sugared. My sister, who adores sweets more than anyone else I know, absolutely loved the donuts here.

I haven't had the chicken (since I'm vegetarian), but as for the other items on the menu, I found the coffee to be really good. It was very strong but in a nice and not-too-bitter way, which was great (I'm definitely not a coffee connoisseur though, so take my opinion with a grain of salt). There's only the option of putting whole milk or half & half in coffee, which is a little limiting - I'd hope that they would have skim milk eventually!

So yes, donuts and coffee are overall fantastic here. I would highly recommend stopping by if you have a strong sweet tooth like me!
I don't know why I gave this such a low rating before... I definitely take it back! I love Federal Donuts and I try to grab some most times that I'm in the city. The best donuts here are the ones served hot and they always taste fresh. I would recommend going for the hot and fresh varieties rather than the "fancy" varieties...though the names do look appealing, they aren't served hot like the others, and the price is higher. I'm not a huge fan of cakey donuts in general, but I must say I have a hard time passing these ones up.
In Philly's area? This is a spot you have to try out if your trying different things in Philadelphia! 

A donut shop sells chicken? Isn't that something new, but I have to say their fried chicken is sooo good! It is served to you so warm and it is never served cold. Not only is it served warm the chicken tastes fresh and if your trying the chicken out you should try out their chicken sandwich as well! 

But let's get to the donuts that they sell here! They have the fancy and then and hot fresh donuts. The fancy donuts are flavored donuts that are not as sweet as they may look like and all the flavors are so good that I recommend that you try each one of them if you stop by here. There are a variety of flavors but if you do want to try different ones I would say you should stop by earlier in the day because when they sell out for the day they don't make more for that day. For the hot fresh donuts they are coated with different flavored sugar on the outside of an old fashioned donut. This may sound sweet but it is also something that I have never tried until I've came to Philly! This is a chill spot and they also have water out that you could drink for free with your meal or donut!
While tasty, this spot wasn't quite up to my expectations. I'm not a big fan of cake donuts, and these were simply so so. The fried chicken doused in a soy garlic glaze was moist, but as a Southerner I have pretty darn high standards for the fried bird. The star of the menu is hands down the sandwich - a fried breast sprinkled with ranch seasoning, topped with pickles, cheese & rooster sauce (spicy mayo) on a buttery potato bun and accompanied by a honey donut. The sandwich was sensational. So glad we got the tip from a local. If not for the sandwich, this place would solidly be a 3 in my book.
I actually really like the food here, but as I sit here right now, I am reflecting staff actively lied to me and my friend for reasons unknown. When we asked for 2 chicken sandwiches (my favorite menu item) We were told it would take an hour until they could make more which I was understanding of. However, when the next customers came in (quite literally seconds later), they ordered and received chicken sandwiches. I don't really understand what happened here. I love the food here but that behavior is really unacceptable from the staff. I will be in touch with the management.

Update 4/7: after emailing management 2 times, tweeting, and featuring my qualm in my Yelp! Review management did respond and explained over the phone that seconds after I ordered and before the people directly behind me in line ordered that chicken breasts for the sandwiches arrived and that the staff handled it poorly by not asking if we wanted to change our orders. The owner graciously offered to comp our next meal there.
I have mixed reviews about this place. This particular time I did not have a good experience. When I ordered one of the hot made to order donuts, it accidentally rolled onto the floor. That's no big deal I'm sure they can make another one but I did not see them through it away. In fact I saw them pointing to it on the counter a few minutes later and then one of them reluctantly decided to throw it away. The fact is someone actually consider keeping it is disgusting. I immediately asked for a refund and the young person who took care of that did not bother to refund the tax. I will not be coming back.
The amount of Federal Donuts that I have eaten recently is out of control. Not that I am complaining about this..Every time I organize a student event at Penn, I order Federal Donuts for it. A dozen "Hot & Fresh" donuts are only $11! Then when there are some left over, I take them home and eat them for the next few days.

My favorite donuts are the cinnamon Hot & Fresh donuts. When you bite into the warm dough coated in cinnamon, it is just wonderful. I thought I would like the chocolate peanut butter donuts the best, but strangely they weren't as great. The third type of Hot & Fresh donut is orange flavored, which I don't really care for. I have also tried a bunch of different "Fancy" donuts, which are good, but I prefer the cinnamon Hot & Fresh donuts. 

This new West Philly location is super clean and bright. (I have been to other Federal donuts that I cannot say the same about.) The staff is always friendly.

I definitely recommend Federal Donuts! I mean, how can you go wrong with donuts and friend chicken?? Well, besides in terms of cardiac health...
While I'm not a fan of the majority of their fancies (I'm in the minority, I know), I do love their hot donuts and chicken. This location wins extra points for more spacious seating compared to the tiny stools and folding desks at Center City and South Philly locations.
I've literally driven here from Baltimore to get some good donuts. And we have some good spots in Baltimore (B. Doughnut I still love you) but this place is next level. First of all, this is a great location. Right across from Penn Law, and in a beautiful building inside and out. The old-school feel makes it that much cooler when you walk in.

The donuts are made to order, and come out steaming hot and fresh, to the point where you have to wait for them to cool down. Amazing. We got a half dozen donuts, including the cookies and cream, chocolate^3, cinnamon, strawberry lavender, and blueberry. Every donut was delicious. DELICIOUS. Seriously. Soft and full of flavor, despite not having filling (which I had no issue with). We got some more to go. 

The chicken is really what sets this place apart. I know people have had issues with the chicken, but I think it was perfect. They make them fresh, and they're not overly fried or breaded, just the perfect amount of cooking. Not oily either! I was pleased.

The donuts are about average price for the "luxury donut" brands out there (in our area, District Donut/B. Doughnut/ Diablo Donut/ Sugar Shack/ etc.) 

This is a must-visit place for us every time we go to Philly. Can't wait to go back!
Close to a 5 in their category because who else out there is doing fried chicken and donuts? And doing them at this level? The donuts are absurd. We tried 9 types. Our favorite being the old fashioned served hot. They look similar to the ones Homer would eat on an episode of The Simpsons. They have a paper thin extra crunchy exterior, inside they are light, fluffy, and buttery yet somehow doughy and dense. Other donuts made to order and served hot and fresh were cinnamon brown sugar and vanilla spice. Both excellent. We ordered all 6 specialty donuts available which were apple pie, old fashioned glazed, milk and coffee(my favorite of the specialty donuts), Lemon meringue(2nd favorite), chocolate eclair, and something called the mighty Quinn. All were good and amongst our group we all had our favorites. The specialty donuts were not served hot but are still 100 percent worth a try. On to the chicken. The chicken had great crunch and was extraordinarily moist. We tried 3 of the 6 types they offer(they have 3 dry spiced and 3 wet sauced versions). We got the Za'atar, buttermilk ranch which were both dry rubs and chili garlic which was wet. Za'atar was an herby Mediterranean like spice seasoned chicken that was my favorite. The Buttermilk ranch was good but probably my least favorite. The chili garlic was great and even though it was a wet sauce it didn't affect the crunchiness of the chicken much. The spiciness was spot on, spicy but not overpowering. Our service went above and beyond what you'd expect from counter service. Decor was minimal and the place is small, but I like the communal seating.
I TEND NOT TO EAT TOO MANY SUGARY THINGS, BUT PHILLY HAS THEIR SWEETS ON POINT. BE CAREFUL WHEN YOU VISIT.

When you're visiting Philly, you should definitely check out Federal Donuts and try a $2.75 fresh, soft, delicious, Strawberry Lavender yeast donut. Or maybe try more than just one if you love donuts. Or maybe order a half dozen and try all the flavors. Or maybe order a full dozen??? You could also try some fried chicken, that's probably good too (I plan to try some next time!). Just be sure to go though, okay?
Staff - 5
Donuts - 4
Chicken - 1

I wanted to like this place. I was chit chatting with the lady up front about the menu, she explained everything so well, then we realized we were from the same area (not Philly), etc. etc. It was off to a good start. I didn't have any intentions of trying the chicken and I wish I never had unfortunately. I was on the way to the airport and didn't really have time or the desire to eat that heavy beforehand. She made a good point though - since I'm not in Philly all too often I might was well take it to go and try it later. Sure thing. I got 6 chilli garlic flavored wings. They put the sauce on the side so that the wings wouldn't get too soggy later on. I tasted one before I left... some people (not me) really like their chicken fried extra hard. If you like that kind of thing, this place is for you. For me, I could barely tear through the meat and it was gross! Ugh. Not at all what I was hoping for. The sauce was nice but at that point, I wished the sauce was on the wings so that it WOULD make them more soggy so I could eat it later. Anyway, I took it to go but sadly just threw the other 5 wings away when I got to my destination. SMH. What a waste.

The donuts on the other hand were tasty. I ordered 1 warm cinnamon brown sugar donut while I was waiting. I ate it warm and was satisfied. To my surprise, there was another plain donut in the bag with my wings. I ate that one too. ;-) I couldn't make out the flavor of it... it looked "normal" but it was extremely moist and just melted at each bite. Too bad I didn't just have the donuts because this could have been a 4 star review but the wings were terrible.
I ate at this donut shop about a year ago. It has dwelled on me to write a review about this place as the donuts are fantastic, the prices aren't too bad, and the employees are extremely friendly and helpful. My crew of three ordered many donuts and some fried chicken. Everything was great!
Yes....because donuts.*

Because incredible, flavorful chicken.

Because big cups of free water.

Because friendly staff who knows all about the menu. 

Because easy check out.

Because coffee. Because simple syrup and real cream at the bar.

Because cool air conditioning and comfy seats.

Because you can't go without planning your next trip back.

*(Donuts today included flavors like blueberry marscapone, sea salt chocolate, lemon poppy seed, dark chocolate coconut, salted tahina and glazed chocolate. Only my limited stomach size prevented me from trying them all. But don't worry, we took one of each home!)
I love this place. 

First, the people who work here are some of the nicest people I've ever encountered in a restaurant setting. 

Second, the food is so good! The donuts are made fresh to order and are always perfect. These are cake donuts, not yeast (like you'd find at Beilers or others), and usually I don't prefer cake donuts, but since these are always straight out of the fryer, they're as close to perfect as you could want. 

Also, the fried chicken sandwich is phenomenal. When I first heard that, out there, there's a donut shop that serves both donuts and fried chicken, I thought, "What??" But it is absolutely appropriate. It's a deep fried chicken breast served on a Hawaiian-type roll with pickles, spicy sauce, buttermilk ranch seasoning, and American cheese. 

Finally, the coffee here is great. It's a kind of brighter blend of coffee, more acidic than most, which I like. It goes really well with the sweet donuts.
1. Free donuts during finals
2. Fancy schmacy donuts 
3. Flavorful chicken

What kind of place gives out free donuts to students during finals week?! FEDERAL DONUTS! I condone such behavior. I approve very much. It's a genius marketing strategy and it satiates lots of sweet tooths. Seriously, I think this investment generates lots of positive vibes towards their business and in the long run definitely generates a lot more revenue considering the cost of producing a donut is minimal. 

Consumed :
Grapefruit donut
Strawberry lavender donut
Vanilla spice donut 
A variety of chicken (chili was my favorite) 

I like the textures of the donuts here and it's not overwhelmingly sweet. The chicken isn't my favorite, but it's not bad. I would say the chili flavor one is the best. The others don't stand out too much to me, but that's just cuz I have high standards for chicken. Federal donuts is good place to visit on campus once in a while!
Federal Donuts is a cute shop that has somehow found the harmony between fried chicken and donuts. They currently have limited seating in store, but you can order online for delivery or takeout. 

I got their Breakfast Sandwich ($6) which is egg, bacon, cheese, and cherry pepper relish on a potato roll and I loved it! It wasn't greasy whatsoever and I liked how clean the flavors were and you can taste the freshness of the bread. I'm excited to try their fried chicken next!

For their fancy donuts, the flavors are regularly switched out and it's one for $2.75, a half dozen for $15, and a dozen for $25. The donuts are on the pricier side considering they aren't that big. Their speciality is cake donuts with unique flavor combinations, and today I tried the Passionfruit Tehina, Blood Orange Pistachio, and Chocolate Cherry Crumble. I love how unique the taste of their flavor combinations are, and paired with a fresh, hot donut, it surely doesn't disappoint.

TLDR: Come to Federal's to satisfy both your sweet and salty cravings, and try their uniquely flavored cake donuts!
First of all, I didn't know this was here. As a West Philly resident, I am pleased that there is a Federal Donuts location closer to my end of town. 

As for the food? What can I say? I have been to Federal Donuts in South Philly on multiple occasions and never do they disappoint. I wasn't sure about spending $2.50 for a donut, but I chanced it and bought the Butter Pecan and it was everything and more. I ordered 5 wings with my sister and we shared them. They were surprisingly not wingdings but medium sized actual wings glazed with Honey Ginger sauce. I would definitely recommend trying them.

Finally, they slid in an extra donut with my wings order and the cashier was super friendly (very smiley--which, let's be real, you don't see everyday at food establishments). An added plus: there was free drinking water on the side! I know it's not going to happen, but I firmly believe more fast food eateries should do this, because very often I just want something to wash down my food with and don't want to pay the inflated price for bottled water or get the stink face when asking for a cup. This picky Yelper will definitely come back here!
The donuts were spectacular here. We sampled the chocolate, cinnamon and brown sugar, and caramel macchiato. Of those, the cinnamon and brown sugar was the best. It was heavenly and reminded me of my mom's homemade donuts. The biggest downside here is price. For 2 coffees and 1/2 dozen donuts, we spent $25. That is an exorbitant price, and I wouldn't come back here.
Great addition to the samson restaurant row. although i work across the street at the law school, i finally got to try this location last week. i wanted to try some fancy donuts but they ran out, that's ok... i figured that would be the case.. it was 3:30pm. The place was pretty spacious with some bar seating compared to Federal location. 

I ended up ordering the cinnamon sugar, chocolate pb, and orange dream. I only tried the cinnamon when it was warm/hot. it was fluffy and pretty good. 

After reading the reviews regarding them allegedly frying donuts with the same fried chicken oil, i'm glad i had no hint/taste of that in my donut. The other two donuts i don't know how they tasted as i gave them to my gf. no comments from her yet.

**edit 

Just tried the orange dream today. For some reason I expected orange flavored donut... Like the cake part...and not simply the sugar... It's basically the cinnamon sugar donut with what i suspect is crush drink mix powder. It's actually so light I barely tasted "orange". Left a little disappointed but it was good none the less.

Oh... Be warned. !! I also asked if they sold or made the regular donut they give when you order the fried chicken like at the original spot... They don't.
My personal issue is... when I think of donuts. I think light fluffy airy sweet yeasty.  I have never been a fan of cake type donuts.  Because usually they are dry and choke worthy.   So I am going to say that I was disappointed upon walking in and finding only the variety of donuts.  Of course if I had of done the proper research I would have enough to know that, that's what they do.  

I walked in and was happily greeted, by the young lady behind the counter.  I wanted a snack for the back to Baltimore, after our New years celebration in Philly. This place has been book marked for a minute now and was excited  to finally try it. 

I ordered off of the hot & fresh menu- Cinnamon Brown Sugar and my hubby I cant remember what I got him, but it was super basic like glazed or vanilla........because he likes simplicity.

 Anyway... if you dont know by now, cinnamon brown sugar come fresh and hot.  So there's that. Hot and fresh donuts always scores big with the people. 

So by the time I was ready to dig into my snack for the road. It was about an hour later. But my donut was still .... kinda warm. But I will say it was not the usual dry chokey type cake of donut. I would go back for that. mmm I imagine it would be wonderful with a hot chocolate. 

Moving to my hubby, when he decided to crack his road treat open. It wasn't cooked all the way through.  That was cool, since I don't there was any pastry cream  in this donut. ... anywho this is where the 3 stars comes into play. 

$4.34 for 2 donuts 

The environment was clean and welcoming, but also minimalistic.
Amazing doughnuts, but you already knew that. Most recently, I had:

+ fried chicken sandwich 
+ Hot Fresh (Cinnamon Brown Sugar)
+ Hot Fresh (Strawberry Lavender)
+ An assortment of 6 Fancy donuts - Blueberry Pancake, Pastelito, & Churro

Simply the best!!
This FedNuts location is so cute with the red, white, and blue awning with outdoor seating. There's plenty of parking on Sansom Street as well.

I woke up with a donut craving and obviously had to cure it. I had a cinnamon brown sugar donut and a blackberry walnut  donut. Hubs had a chocolate peanut butter donut and a chocolate sea salt donut. My favorite is still the hot donut.. The cinnamon brown sugar hit the spot. Wash it all down with a cold brew coffee and start your day!
People say FedDo's fried chicken is hit or miss, but it's always been a hit for me! I've tried za'atar, coconut curry, buttermilk ranch and sweet soy garlic, and my favorite is za'atar. Something about the coconut curry and buttermilk ranch taste a little artificial. The chicken is served hot out of the fryer and has never been overcooked/dry like it has been for others, but I will say that it's pretty overpriced for what you get (even though a half order fills me up). Donuts are pretty good though. I've had the grapefruit brulee, vanilla spice, chocolate peanut butter and cinnamon brown sugar, but I actually like the honey donut that comes with the fried chicken more than any of these hot fresh or fancy donuts. Good food, decent service. I don't loooove it but I do find myself craving it sometimes! 

There's not a lot of seating here, so get it to go and eat it at Moravian Food Court on 34th and Walnut if it's busy!
Archive was excellent despite being swamped, since they just opened. We're out of wings but I got the moussa (middle eastern falafel-type spices) half chicken for the same price. Only took a few minutes and was as delicious as I had expected. This is the best development since I started working at Penn.
This hype train has been running full steam for quite some time now. So, needless to say, when I learned they had a new location near Penn's campus, where I work, I said to myself, "I want to go to there." And, go to there I did.

My wife and I set up a lunch date and met at the newest Federal Donuts location. It's a small spot and other than a picture of a chicken, there is nothing else, like a name, telling you are in the right place. They have a small amount of seating. The line was packed with college students thirsting for the popular Federal Donuts stuff. I could tell by the chatter that many were first timers like us.

We got a crumberry and a marshmallow donut. Both were real tasty. Moist and full of flavor. Certainly better than the average donut. We were off to a good start.

For the chicken, we got the Buttermilk Ranch flavor. It was a nice bonus that it also came with a donut, but it was one of their plainer donuts and nothing special. The size of the chicken pieces was a bit odd. Not sure how they cut it up, but nothing to be alarmed by, or is it? El gato!!! Kidding, probably not.

The chicken was cooked well. It could have been a little crispier for my taste. The meat was nice and juicy. But the seasoning was "woah wait a minute" powerful. As the salt rushed through my veins, I swear I heard "Who Let the Dog's Out" in the background.

If not for the seasoning fail, not to mention the hype train that came to a major halt, I might have rated this higher. But get drunk enough, like I imagine many of the Federal Do-NUTS purveyors do, than maybe your taste will be numb to the over powering salt.

I might be back for a donut, but I will take a pass on the chicken.
I heard so many things about Federal Donuts and had to know what the fuss was all about. Well now I know. It's because the donuts and chicken here are to die for. I was surprised to see everything made to order, sizzling hot, and extra scrumptious. 

I haven't tasted donuts this good in a long time and definitely will be back to eat some more.
The unique donut selection is a wonderful way to start any morning -- but don't forget to try one of the made fresh hot donuts - cinnamon sugar was perfect!!
FRIED CHICKEN. SO GOOD. 

As usual with FedNuts, the dry rubs are definitely the way to go. The Furikake is light and Japanese-tasting, while the Moussa is a spicier Middle Eastern/Indian-ish flavor.

Also, the cookies and cream fancy donut is legit. 

The fact that this new location is so convenient for me is bad news for both my wallet and my health.
I stopped by Federal on a cold day and enjoyed a warm doughnut, cooked to perfection.  It was made to order an topped with cinnamon sugar.  It was dense and delicious!  There is a menu of donuts made to order or you can have a "fancy" donut in flavors like Apple Pie and Strawberry Daiquiri. 

The barista was very friendly.  She gave me a free coffee just for being a new customer.  

The atmosphere is clean, modern, and unique to the brand.  They also have a fried chicken menu, which is also made to order.  I look forward to trying more!
So after beer and mussels at Monk's, we decided to trek on over to FD. It was late on a Sunday afternoon- we weren't expecting their full line up to be available. As we guessed, they weren't. All of the fancy donuts they offer were as good as gone. That's ok- we expected that.

We decided to order to two of their fry to order, sugared donuts- the vanilla and the cinnamon. Both were awesome. Like, seriously awesome. They were warm, but not piping hot- the exterior had a touch of chew but the inside was like velvet. No lie.

We hope to be back and try some of their more eccentric offerings but we have little faith that will happen. We rarely wake up before 7 a.m. and from the sounds of it from the workers- we have no shot. :(
The few times I have been here, the donuts were always made fresh, like put in the fryer fresh when I ordered them.  It takes a few minutes for them to cook and top them but when you get them it's a totally unique expierence.  They are not warm, they are hot!!!

The texture, taste and everything is instantly better.  I have never had such freshly made donuts.

The downside is when they cool off they are basically the same donut you can get anywhere.

Would most certainly recommend a (hot)fresh donut here over any other local place I have been to.
Who doesn't like freshly made donuts?  If your only experience with donuts is at your typical donut shop like Dunkin', then you have to give this place a try. Their flavored, "just made" donuts are awesome. I had the Strawberry Lavender and thought it was delicious!

The staff was also super nice and polite. I will definitely be back here next time I visit Philadelphia.
Seems like I'm addicted already... I first tried Federal Donuts for lunch yesterday, wanted to come back to pick up a donut for dinner, but they were sold out so I ended up walking here again today. All worth it!

There's a reason FD is named for their donuts and not their chicken. I got a taste of the sea salt chocolate fancy donut yesterday and could not wait to come back! Today, I tried four fancy (cold but cool flavors) donuts: sea salt chocolate (again, but so worth it), crumberry, cookies and cream, and sticky bun. The sea salt chocolate is still my favorite with the sprinkles of sea salt balancing out the light milk chocolate. There was a punch of sweetness 5 seconds into the crumberry, but after that, it was delightful. I'm not a huge cookies and cream person, but my friends quite liked it. I would say the sticky bun was another top contender, but that's also because I like brown sugar and cinnamon.

The fried chicken is pretty good here, but not worth coming back weekly for. Perhaps the best fried chicken on campus, but that's not saying much (or maybe I have too high standards?). Moussa is a fragrant Middle Eastern spice that kinda goes well with fried chicken. The sweet soy garlic is a great glazing, but the breading is barely there... or does it even exist? It tastes healthier than the fried chicken I have back home in Carolina for better or worse, but FD is more expensive and stingier. They cut the breast into two pieces, and then you get a drumstick and a wing to make up your half chicken. They also add in a donut to your half chicken box, which is a nice touch!

There's only about 10-12 seats in FD, and I hope they make more room soon. There's also room to stand, facing the wall. Luckily the weather has been nice to us recently, so I've been eating in the courtyard at the intersection of 36th and Sansom. The service is nice enough, but could be faster. The lines would certainly move faster if they had more detailed description of their menu for those less familiar with the menu.

I would highly recommend you come for lunch or earlier. They often seem to sold out by late afternoon/dinnertime, especially on weekends. I see myself returning in the mornings for my donut fix!
I was in Philly last summer for a concert and I'm just
Now getting around to posting some pics and a review. Fun weekend, all I really did was eat. I hopped on yelp obviously to find some spots that were highly praised. Federal Donuts popped up not only on yelp but on a few different platforms and had consistently high marks. Donuts are like my Kryptonite. I mean does it get any better than fried buttery carbs covered in sugar? I rarely eat them because I feel like each donut I eat I add a waist size. However, I sat down at Federal wearing size 30 shorts and I'm pretty sure by the time I left I was at least a size 36. I had 3 donuts all which were amazing. Fresh out of the fryer so they were hot, airy, and light. They have some Awesome flavor combinations. I had a fried chicken sandwich too which was like a classic chick fil a sandwich on steroids. The batter was crisp, chicken tender, sauce tangy, bread was soft. Good contrast of flavors and textures. I don't drink but I remember from my drinking days that this would make for a solid hangover cure. The restaurant itself is small, modern, and clean. Quick service, order at a counter. I would go back next time I'm in Philly.
This review is for order ahead catering. Federal donuts has become a Philly staple. Their hot and fresh donuts are tasty, fancy donuts are fun and exciting, and coffee is solid. Definitely a favorite among my coworkers, so we often opt to order ahead for a breakfast meeting. It's easy to submit a request online and someone gets back to you pretty quickly. You can even request to pay ahead of time and for your coffee to come with all the fixings (milk, sugar, cups, etc).

When your order contains boxes of coffee, make sure to call morning of pickup to remind them/confirm your order! The first couple times I didn't do this, the coffee was forgotten. Since it's time consuming to fill up each box, I've been stuck waiting and late for my meeting. Since I've started calling ahead, there haven't been any issues. Overall a great spot in U City with nice, helpful staff and yummy treats!
The staff are nice and the donuts are sooooo good! They're to die for. So warm and soft, with good flavor and an amazing smell. It tastes fresh and practically melts in your mouth.
I love federal donuts and this location doesn't disappoint! The line moved fairly quickly for a Saturday morning. I loved the orange dream fresh hot donut; however, I prefer the vanilla lavender at the center city location.

There's much more room/seating here as compared to the rittenhouse/center city location which is great!
Donuts are fantastic and so is the coffee! Got butter pecan and the brown sugar donut. Want to Come back and try the chicken one day.
This fried chicken though. We got a half order of moussa and the soy glaze--I preferred the latter, although the moussa was also tasty. Neither the menu nor the employees told us that each half order of chicken comes with a plain donut, so make sure you take those into account before ordering more donuts (not that extra donuts were a bad thing!). There's also outdoor seating now that the weather is nicer, right along all the other cute eateries on Sansom.
I've heard so many good things about this place that I wanted to definitely give it a try! The donuts were amazingly delicious and there were so many different flavors. The donuts had a nice dough-y and moist feel as you bite into them. I really enjoyed the blueberry mascarpone and marshmallow marshmallow ones and would definitely recommend those.
What is it about the Solomonov enterprises?  How does he motivate the staff to consistently deliver a great customer experience?  The donuts and the chicken are great but what gets to me is that the folks who work there CARE.  They are proud of their product and they share the enthusiasm with customers.  I don't live in Philly but I am a frequent visitor.  I never come to town without going to one of the Solomonov places.
Received old fashioned glaze donuts. They were just okay. These donuts were soft and fresh but they were quite greasy!! The glaze was sweet and fitting for this cake-like donut. My nephew wanted a strawberry lavender donut which he ate while it was ever-so-slightly sour from the strawberry sugar. The prices were quite pricey in comparison to very similar bakeries. The service was friendly and the time of ordering and receiving was fast. However, I hope to stumble upon an authentic bakery that makes delicious donuts! This place is ehh...
Although I'm not a donut fan, I had a huge craving . My Husband stopped by around 8am & brought home some donuts to satisfy my craving. 
Federal Donuts did not disappoint! Heard so much about this place that I was hesitant on how good it could be. It was amazing!! 
We got the cinnamon and brown sugar, blueberry mascarpone, chocolate sea salt and salted tahina. 
The cinnamon and brown sugar was my favorite. Hot and the perfect blend of cinnamon sugar and salt. 
-Blueberry Mascarpone was very good too. Definitely on the sweeter side. 
- Salted Tahina was different, very unique. I liked it, didn't quite know how to describe it.
- Chocolate Sea Salt was okay, nothing exceptional.

Can't wait to eat more donuts( I'm not even a donut fan) and try their fried chicken!!
Fried chicken was okay, I suppose.  Chicken was overcooked & more dry than I'd like, so I can't really recommend the chicken here.

The honey donut that came with the chicken was nothing special. (It's not the hot & fresh kind.)
After brunch today I decided with a friend to indulge in some sweets. We found that there was a Federal Donut right in the area, and decided to go swing on by. We waked completely past the place the first go around the block, but we chalked that up to us being blind.

Inside, the worker was very unfriendly and short with us when we were asking questions about the fancy donuts. We ended up getting a plain glazed donut and a vanilla/chocolate iced one. I can't speak to the plain, but my donut was tasty. It could have been more fresh, but it was 1:00 in the afternoon.

In all, if your in the area on craving something sweet, swing by but definitely don't go out of your way.
I was really looking forward to trying federal donuts after hearing so much about how great they are. The donuts here are just ok. I didn't find them to be as good as what I can find back in NYC. 

Yes, they are made fresh and come served to you hot. They do melt in your mouth with each bite but in terms of taste they fell short. They have special donut flavors that change daily and they run our pretty quick. We were able to get in just before they closed and ordered a strawberry donut and an oreo donut. The strawberry donut had this really strong artificial flavor  that I really did not enjoy and it was covered in so much sugar. It was not good and one bite was all I could take of that one. The Oreo donut was a bite better. It had a good vanilla glaze with chunks of crumbled cookie so in a way the oreo cookie itself made the donut taste better. 

Overall, I think one experience here is enough for me.
I was here recently and I can't wait to return again. I'm not sure which genius of a person decided to make a fried chicken and donuts place but I am a little scared because they must have been invading my dreams. I am a huge fan of donuts, even ones that are not that good which is why I was so happy when I heard this place was opening in U City. For donuts you have the option of either fresh hot donuts or specialty ones that they have already made. Word to the wise try both and go early. Both because they are delicious and early because when a flavor is gone for the day it is gone for the day. The fried chicken is great as well. You can get it plain or with some sauces or spices. Try a couple because they are all delicious. Oh and a plain donut comes with each order of chicken. And the cuts of chicken are a little different, and better, than what you get at the colonel.

The location is good, right on restaurant row in U City. The place itself is a bit small inside with counter seating but worth the slight crampedness because it is delicious.

I will be returning
I was shopping in the area and came in with baby girl to handle our sugar fix. She got a chocolate one that tasted like a box cake with chocolate icing (good thing). I got the fresh out the fryer cinnamon sugar which I would order over and over again. I'm happy I don't live near because they were too good.
I'm a little bit embarrassed to say that over the past 24 hours I've been back from Spring Break (Federal Donuts opened during break), I stopped by this place three times. 

I absolutely love donuts, and when it comes to these delicious doughs of circle, I've usually gone with Dunkin or Wawa donuts, but those don't compare to what Federal Donuts offers. 

Why is Federal Donust awesome? It's meant for food lovers who appreciate the combination of donuts + coffee + fried chicken. When I can avoid making separate trips to Wishbone/Crown Fried Chicken and Starbucks/Dunkin/Wawa, I'm happy! This place makes me happy!

Check out this new branch, it's worth a stop. Food is a bit expensive (and I'm also not used to tipping for donuts, coffee, or fried chicken), but give it a try before you blow it off. There are some awesome fancy donuts, and their hot donuts are great too. Likewise, try the fried chicken, it's definitely not the usual that you expect!
This place was oh so delicious! This was definitely a spot that I've had on my yelp list to check out for quite some time and I was glad it was near my workplace. 

 So I arrived at federal donuts and it's a small cute donut shop. I like that it offered a place where you can sit in and eat. When I arrived it was pretty crowded. I checked out the menu which was simple, it's basically fried chicken and donuts! If you want to try both their fried chicken and donuts you have the option to either get the 3 piece or 6 piece.  I decided to get the 3 piece chicken and that came with a honey donut all for 9.25 and I also got the chilli garlic sauce on the chicken however you have the option to get their special sauces on the side

The chicken was very unique but delicious, it was crispy, spicy and crunchy even their chicken breast was moist and flavorful and not all dry like typical chicken breast can be. The donut was warm and, honestly it taste like a donut pancake!  I was not expecting that at all, I thought it was gonna be cakey and dry cause it looked like a cake donut, but nope once I bit into it I noticed it was crisp on the outside and buttery on the inside.

Overall the staff was friendly and the service was fast. This is definitely your upscale KFC or Popeyes joint!!
I own a Federal Donuts t-shirt (the light blue one with the two dudes on a canoe). Their shirts are pretty quirky. Their service is always on point and everybody is so friendly. The fried chicken is pretty expensive though. It's a really interesting combination getting the half chicken with a donut on the side. Love the freshly warmed donuts, especially the cinnamon brown sugar one. Yummy.
Fried Chicken Swag.

The Good: Light, fluffy, melt-in-your mouth doughnuts! Their fried chicken is tender and juicy. The golden skin is lightly breaded, not doing the sidestroke in grease like most fried chicken. The staff here is friendly and helpful, too.

The Bad: The honey doughnuts aren't always hot, and they have a hint of tartness I find strangely off-putting. The chicken rubs are tasty, but they seem like somewhat of an afterthought -- I suggest sticking to plain. Minor nitpicks with an otherwise wonderful establishment!
Everyone one talking about the donuts and chicken is to die for.  The donuts melt in your mouth. But I haven't had the chicken the donuts are delicious but their overprice.
Was smaller than I had expected, drove up from Baltimore to see what it was all about and I love a good Donut and some Fried Chicken.. The chicken was really tasty but very small at the same time. Them Donuts were SCRUMPTIOUS! That Lavender one YESSS Ma'am  and the Butter Pecan was just as good, had a great day in the Overbearing heat!
Some of the best donuts I've ever had, and they always have non-traditional flavors if that's your thing. Today had tres leches, blueberry pancake, milk & cookies, strawberry cheesecake, and churro. Two flavors were sold out and I had the blueberry pancake and strawberry cheesecake flavors, neither of which were my first choice. 

They were both incredible, with the dough really standing out and the icing complimenting it very nicely. Combined with coffee, the donuts here remain one of my favorite desserts. One problem I had with the store is that the tables are sticky, and sometimes covered with a sparse layer of crumbs. Other than that, it's a small, cute store with a friendly staff and quality donuts. 

Highly recommend.
Oh, also take note that there's no wifi and so working here isn't really ideal.
Best donuts I've ever had in my life. Freshly fried upon order, and dipped in your choice of flavor. I think their specialty fancy donuts are not actually worth it because they are not made to order. Service is mediocre, as everyone else here claims.
The best fried chicken ever!!! The skin is so crunch, and the meat is tender, flavorful and juicy. My favorite was honey garlic and ranch. I'll drive to Philly next time just for the chicken!!!
One sentence description of the fresh donuts: batter cooked in oil, kind of covered in a flavor of your choice, then covered, no, drowned, in a truckload of sugar.

In one word, disgusting.

I came a couple days back and got one of the strawberry lavender, cinnamon, and cookies and cream.

To say I was disappointed would be an understatement. I promise all you who haven't tried their donuts before, do not get it. It seriously tastes like sugar and bread. There's so much sugar that it overwhelms any other possible flavor. I cant believe no one talks about how terrible these donuts are. 

If my warning does not scare you away, i guess the most reasonable one to try would be the cinnamon and brown sugar. The cinnamon taste is pretty strong so compared to the other donuts that don't seem to have much flavor (besides the sweetness of the donuts), it tastes like a churro drowned in sugar. 

I heard their chicken (and sandwich) is good so maybe i'll go back to try those. Nevertheless, you will not see me go back for their donuts.

A total disappointment.
There are two ways to my heart; fried chicken and donuts. In theory Federal Donuts and I are a match made in heaven. People RAVE about this place. I've been to both the University City and Center City locations several times. I pre-ordered 3 dozen donuts online for pick up at the UCity location for a new student function. (You have to do this if you're ordering more than a dozen.) I wanted to give everyone a taste of Philly and move away from the standard DD order. I must say that the pre-order worked seamlessly. I ordered two dozen fancy donuts and one dozen of the mixed "hot fresh" two days before my event. My order was on time when I picked up and there were no leftovers. The donuts are dense and cake-like rather than fluffy and full of air like DD. They are a tad bit expensive, but if you're trying to make an impression, this will do it. 

When I order the chicken, I usually opt for the buttermilk ranch dry seasoning. It's made to order and is normally deliciously crisp and flavorful. It was once served to me pink, but that was in the early days and they correct their error. The only bone I have to pick with Federal Donuts is the fact that they give you a free donut with your chicken purchase. I've inquired about purchasing this flavorful donut sans chicken and was told they don't sell it on it's own. Only with the chicken. Why? Give me one good reason? 

As for the chicken wings (and fancy donuts I'm told) they have X amount available for the day and once it's gone it's gone. I took ECON 101 and 102 in college. I understand the thought of a shrinking supply will increase demand. But it's hella annoying in my opinion. You're making good food, no need to be weird about it. If you keep running out, buy more. Give the people what they want! If you get there too late you're SOL. If they start to put the customers first, maybe my heart will mend. But for not, this is a love-hate relationship. I love your food, but hate your business model's attitude.
I used to to go the one near Rittenhouse a few years ago and got super excited when I saw one near U Penn.  I was shocked to learn that they still had fried chicken at 6 pm (they used to run out by 1 at Rittenhouse).  I excitedly sat down and tore into my chicken and donuts, only to be heavily disappointed by the dry almost stale chicken and the cold donut.  Will not be returning.  I'm afraid they expanded too fast because this store did not offer any of the things I loved about the original stores
The donuts and fried chicken is delicious but the location by UPenn was very dirty and smells like mold . Ruins the experience
Ahhh federal donuts.. My heart melts when I think of those scrumptious, delectable warm donuts lathered in  cinnamon, strawberry lavender or vanilla spice  dust! On top of this you surprise me with the ever changing fancy donuts which change year round and seasonally!  I will miss some of those limited offers such as the chocolate malt, salted caramel and pumpkin spice.  The chicken isn't all that special but hey the place is called federal donuts, you go there for the donuts! Get there early so you have your choice of everything they have to offer for the day and enjoy yourself some delicious donuts that will leave you smiling.
I have been to another location and the ladies there were pretty awesome. This location? Eh not so much. Nearly every one I was with got sick. The donuts tasted weird. My wife said chicken and I said rancid grease or burnt grease. We both had the brown sugar one considering there were only like 4 or 5 options.....


She returned to the inside to ask for a refund because the donuts did not taste to well. The employee promptly told her that they dont give refunds and that was all. No apologies and maybe offer her to try a different flavor or remake a new one. This wasnt cool at all. Considering that 1 donut is nearly 3 bucks and you could get a dozen for 6 bucks at Dunkin Donuts which has so many more options and flavors you would think that customer service would be better.

Maybe thats to much to ask? I dont know.
Fantastically delicious donuts. We have tried several different flavors and they don't disappoint. This is a great stop for dessert after dinner at one of the restaurants on that street. Not much sitting space but you can just get the donuts to go!!!
Federal donuts was on my bucket list before leaving Philadelphia- unfortunately I moved away before I ever got to try it. I'm now regretting not going earlier!

We picked up 18 donuts for a bridal shower on Saturday morning- while I was picking that up, I also grabbed a coffee and milk donut and a coffee for myself. The coffee was percolater and pretty typical, but that donut - oh my god that donut. It might be the best donut I've ever eaten! 

The rest of the party also liked the donuts-we also got strawberry lavender, chocolate eclair, and cinnamon brown sugar. Everyone still agreed that the coffee and milk donuts were the best! I'll be making a stop at Federal donuts frequently when I'm back in Philly.
Since I was in the UPenn area and looking to try something new, I ordered half a dozen "fancy donuts". This rang up to $13. For future reference, it's $2.75 each and $24 for a dozen.

The flavors were: Irish potato, pink marshmallow, cookies & cream, PB malt, pastelito, and chocolate^3. I was a bit disappointed, since none were amazing in taste. In my opinion, I've had better, less expensive donuts.
Always love coming here for their specialty doughnuts and the fried chicken sandwiches.  The location is prime and I can always find street parking near by.  Service is quick and, even when the lines are long, the food is always expedited in good time, hot and fresh.  One of my guilty pleasures for sure.
The hot and fresh donuts were really yummy, so soft and delicious. But the specialty donuts were meh, they were too dense. We got there too early and didn't get to try the chicken. A little annoying since it is supposed to be a donut and chicken shop. The cashier was also pretty rude about the fact that we were too early for the chicken.
These are my favorite doughnuts in the city- I love the variety of the fancy doughnuts, and it's great to have hot, fresh ones as well. My main complaint about Federal Doughnuts is that they are not that reliable for catering. They are a campus favorite, so I have ordered from them for a few departments events, and sometimes when I go to pick up the order they have no record of it (even though I received confirmation emails). If they updated this system they would get more stars!
After much hoopla, Federal Donuts finally comes to University City! Their donuts are like nothing I've had before. The dough itself is sweet and has the consistency of a well-made cake. They have unique flavors like "sticky bun" and my favorite, the "chocolate sea-salt". Go early in the morning because once the "fancy donuts" are out, that's it for the day! I probably have federal donuts 2x/week now that they're in University City.

The fried chicken is unfortunately pretty underwhelming. The two times I've actually given them a shot, they were wayyy too salty and over-seasoned.

I wouldn't say the staff is the greatest- they're sometimes pretty apathetic to your presence, but hey, I go for the donuts.
Review for the donuts & service only.
Original flavors are always delicious, with dense texture and rich flavors. Their seasonal flavors are worth the try to, such as  pumpkin spice latte and Lavender flavors. The staff always gave me great impressions and had positive attitude. 
Though, when the business was slow, no staff would clean and wipe the tables after customers leave. I understand that no waiting service is provided and customers are supposed to clean after themselves, BUT some people didn't. Maybe they were raised in the jungle. REGARDLESS, it is still the Business' responsibility to take care of their premise.
The donuts are creative and they do deliver in flavor. They run out of the fancy blinds pretty early but they have the hot and fresh ones. The fried chicken has a pretty crunchy breading you can choose the type of seasoning or sauces. There are some seats but it gets crowded fast. Service is pretty efficient.
Very charming spot on campus.

The fried chicken here is not bad, but nothing special. I really did enjoy my honey donut, so if future me is reading this: get a dozen of these next time to bring back to new york.

They happened to be sold out of chicken sandwiches by the time I got here. It seems that chicken is only ready at 11, and I got here at 3, so that means it sold out within 4 hours? I suppose this happens, but it would be nice if they considered this eventuality so they didn't run out so early.
Donuts taste like your biting into a saturated sponge of oil, with a nasty hint of whatever flavor. Fried chicken was excruciatingly hot and oil dripped out when broken apart. Ya Comfort food but this was the most unsatisfying, disappointing donut and fried chicken I've ever had. I have no idea why people enjoy this.
This was a nice place to try out for the first time for a quick breakfast treat. I tried the pumpkin spice donut and the strawberry lavender donut. Wasn't a big fan of the strawberry lavender because I was expecting it to be glazed and not doused with tons of sugar, but the pumpkin spice latte one however......I could eat 4 of those on my own. Too bad we got there around 9 am and the fried chicken sandwich wasn't going to be available until 11:30, otherwise I would've jumped on that too.
Tried several donuts today, was very disappointed.  Maybe their chicken is better, but their donuts were not impressive at all.  Thicker and more cake like, which is good, but still nothing compared to some other donuts available in Philly.
I got a half a dozen donuts. They are good donuts but nothing exceptional. The server was very polite and great, however! Cute little spot with some seating.
Federal Donuts has consistently, for years, provided a tasty, plump chicken sandwich and stellar fancy donuts to bring into the office. The chicken is fried perfectly, with a zingy orange sauce, crunchy from the pickles, and a water station to wash it all down here! The seating area is very small so takeout is probably ideal, but I sat outside for lunch and gobbled down my sandwich pretty quickly. The half pieces of chicken and donuts are all pretty good as well, the only setback being the price for what they give you, but you are paying for consistency and flavor. Not the best deal, but good when you crave something sweet and heavy like donuts and chicken!
Best, fresh doughnuts around with the customer service to match thanks to CJ and Barrett.
First time back in philly since grad school. Got off the train at 30th and decided to get a quick bite. Although there are only three options left. They made the donut fresh. Taste still the same as before. Love it.
I wanted a donut.  I got a donut.  It was delicious.

Friendly atmosphere, easily accessible area, quick and painless menu, unique flavors

I initially thought the single donut price was a bit on the high side (probably because I'm subconsciously comparing to 7-11 and Dunkin), but changed my mind shortly after my first bite. 

All in all, it's exactly what I wanted.  Return trips are inevitable.
Had high expectations for this place especially when they said it was KOREAN fried chicken in the store but was overall really disappointed with the chicken and donuts :( the menu is kind of confusing to order from but there are many combos and deals, one including a free donut. It wasnt one of their special donuts so maybe that's why it was a little strange but it was just very...un-donut like. More cakey but like a greasy cake and it actually hurt my stomach a lot. The fried chicken itself was also just ok. Overall just feeling underwhelmed by this place
