It took some time, but I finally made it in to FedNuts today. And while I didn't partake in the donuts or chicken (both of which were tempting and delicious-looking), I did have a large cup of smooth coffee while enjoying conversation with the revolving door of industry peeps and neighborhood loyalists.

Felicia and Blake make the ordering process look seamless, even as the small space filled with eager chicken-lovin' hopefuls right before noon. Arrive well before that to enjoy counter seating and some of the non-fancy donuts, which are only available early in the day. Next time, that chicken is mine.
I can't think of a single place in Philly that I was more eager to try than Federal Donuts.

Don't believe me?  When one of the other customers immediately pegged me as a non-regular and asked where I was from and what I was doing there, I told her that I had just flown 3000 miles for a FedNuts donut.  And she knew I wasn't entirely joking.

FedNuts may be a little hole-in-the-wall in a far-flung corner of town, but it's worth visiting no matter how far you have to travel to get there.  

Why?  Because these are THE MOST DELICIOUS DONUTS IN THE ENTIRE UNITED STATES.

Hyperbole much?  I don't think so.

I tasted the Indian cinnamon, Apollonia spice, and vanilla lavender donuts.  Each one had a texture and flavor that was no less than sublime.  Unlike your run-of-the-mill yeasty ("doughy") donuts, these are cake-based donuts, which are much fluffier and more delicate.  They were doused in exotic combinations of sweet and savory spices that were unlike anything I've ever had before.

Are donuts not enough?  Let me also add the FedNuts serves up THE MOST DELICIOUS FRIED CHICKEN IN THE ENTIRE UNITED STATES.

Still no hyperbole here, by the way.

To turn donuts into a meal, I was able to enjoy them with a sampler plate of their specialty fried chicken: two piece of Harissa spice fried chicken, and two pieces of chile/garlic-glazed fried chicken.  They were cooked exquisitely, with a perfectly crisped outside, a juicy interior, lots of punchy flavor, and not a speck of unwanted grease.  The homemade pickles were an excellent complement.

Have I convinced you to come here yet?  

No?  

Well, here's another motivation: I personally guarantee that Blake F. will give you a hug when you enter.  If that doesn't make you want to visit FedNuts, I don't know what will.
Wait, I haven't written about Federal Donuts yet?

That's a crime.

I guess I was too busy eating up their delicious donuts, and most recently, their most-amazing fried chicken. Truth be told, I was a big supporter long before this place ever opened. I'm a big fattycakes and I'm down with whatever food that will proportionally kick my lifespan down a few notches for how good it sounds. That, and an admiration of the most spectacular Felicia whose smile is known to make hearts skip beats. We also can't forget Mike Solo, one of the best chefs that our city has to offer (Zahav is still one of my favorite restaurants), and the Bodhi Coffee folks.

Despite my bias, being a fan of all the respective robot cats that form this sensational restaurant Voltron I can objectively admit that this place blows my mind. I admire the creativity in each one of their products. I will stand by every item I've taken a bite out of. I will even defend the sometimes absurd wait times or unavailability of products at unexpectedly early hours.

It's that good.

The donuts are dense, delicious. I've only had the pomegranate nutella tehina, key lime and indian cinnamon, all of which rocked. The pomnutehina is perhaps my favorite, followed closely by by the indian cinnamon.

Last weekend my girlfriend and I arrived at 11:20-something in order to get a ticket to buy fried chicken at 11:45. We didn't actually walk out of there until 12:00 or so. That's at least a 40min wait for some fried chicken. Worth it? Hell yeah it was. They even came with some plain honey donuts, which were dense and delicious as the others.

We had the harissa and chile-garlic fried chicken. Some of the best fried chicken I've ever had? Yes. Perhaps the best in the city? Could be.

Anyhow, lucky for me (unlucky for my waistband) I live within walking distance. I'm a fan, to say the least.
Federal Donuts, where the donuts and chicken are hot and the staff is hotter.

All of the forces of chaos combined, have kept me from trying out the best new eatery in Philly but recently, they became confused on the way to my house and I was able to slip through, like just about any Running Back through the Eagles soft defense.

I had heard the horror stories, of how the clamoring masses have stacked body upon body, in their attempts at getting themselves a shiny donut or chicken part. I'm not good in crowds so I tried to time my arrival accordingly(around 10:30am). SUBURBAN COMMUTER NOTE: I parked on the far side of Washington, thinking there would be no space available, but upon my trek over, noticed ample spots, just a block away.

Upon my arrival, there was already a small group present. Those last vestiges of the morning rush combined with the early chicken go getters and I , in my arrogance, considered myself an equal member of both camps. I immediately took in the familiar and inviting faces of Blake and Felicia. They were busy but I couldn't help but think that they considered this their " down time". 

Here's the part of every one of my reviews, where I make an ass of myself. I was invited to take a seat at the counter. When I got there, there was counter space but no seat. I stood (happily) and watched the goings on. After a few minutes, Felicia came out to gently explain to me that the stools pull out and she" pulled out my stool " (sorry). You'd think someone who grew up with transformers would have figured it out, but ill blame the fact that I had been up since 4am.

Once properly seated, I was able to enjoy the best coffee and donuts the city (world) has to offer. I advise anyone to skip their usual cream and sugar and experience the flavor of that coffee raw. really good stuff. Granted, I was a little late to get the donuts fresh from the fryer, but damn, were they still the best I'd had and as a baker, Ive eaten cake donuts right out of the fryer before.

I may have missed the hot donuts but my arrival meant I was one of the first to get a golden ticket for chicken. I was also lucky enough to have an eating companion there, who offered a mix and match scenario with the chicken so I was able to try both the Chili Garlic and the other (whose name I forget but it was the dry rub one). Both rocked my world and were just as good leftover later that night.

In my time at FD, I witnessed a staff that was  amazing. Blake was a fountain of donutcoffeechicken information, Felicia was the perfect "face" of the Front of the house and the BOH staff were a grim lesson in startling efficiency and ingenuity. The magic that they work in that small space was impressive. Unfortunately, there was a computer malfunction, that threatened to bring down the store's mojo. Skynet is truly taking over. Yet I watched these heroes, power through the hurdle like pros as the patient masses accepted the situation with quiet reverence, knowing that they have a good thing going here and to complain would kill it.

I will cop to being a personal friend to a few of the staff here, but that should take nothing away from my great experience. There's a simplicity to Federal Donuts that will keep this endeavor afloat for as long as it wants to be. I propose to all national sports coverage, that henceforth, you can quit the cloying shots of louts making cheesesteaks in your cutaway shots and get a camera in FD, to show the real working class spirit of Philadelphia and foods that are actually appetizing. If only they could fit a camera in there....
Dear hipster-chicken: It's not hard hard to actually have more than 3 chickens to serve to people.  I'm starting to think you don't actually have chicken but pay people to line up outside and talk about how awesome it is.  If you do actually have chicken you must be seeking clientele that have nothing better to do than wait outside for hours to get a ticket to get mediocre chicken.  Then you can spend the rest of the afternoon drinking PBR.  

If you only serve chicken for 15 minutes from 11:30-11:45 before you run out, at least have the decency to take down your chicken sign, and start serving gin in spaghetti cans the rest of the time.
Who would have imagined this concept could be so good? James Beard award winner Mike Solo and foodie/Yelper Felicia D, that's who. 

Though I haven't been able to try the fried chicken yet, this opening morning's coffee and donuts were exceptional. With 10 varieties of "fresh" or "fancy" donuts, you'll have to choose wisely. Fresh sugar glazed 'nuts are fried to order in flavors like chili-lime and Indian cinnamon. 

I chose the fancy nutella tehina donut, topped with pomegranate glaze and sesame seeds. One of the most interesting combinations of flavors I've had: there's barely a hint of nutella, as the fruity pom juice dominates, followed by the slightly nutty taste of sesame paste.

Federal Donuts (or FedNuts, as the kids are calling it) is a corner spot on S. 2nd street, just past the Mummers museum. The bright blue awnings will draw you into this cozy space, with its sunny wooden counters and swirly glass coffee contraptions (which look to me like props from a scientist's lair, but it makes a damn good brew). 

There isn't much space to hang out inside, but service is friendly and quick, manned this morning by the lovely Felicia D herself. Would love to see a cafe table or two in the spring, and a more mobile/user-friendly website once things get rolling.


EDIT: Finally got a chance to try all the donut varieties, since my boss brought in a dozen this morning. The Indian Cinnamon is by far the best of the bunch, with a warm, spiced flavor. What is that extra spice? Cardamom? Delicious. Many of the filled cake varieties err on cloying at times, but I'm a sugar/dessert lover. The key lime, with graham cracker crumb toppings, is my favorite "fancy flavor" after the Pomegranate Tehina. If you're not a big sweets person, stick to the fresh-fried and maybe ask them to dust with less sugar...just not when there's a line.
They need to make this place bigger.

I arrived on day 3 of the opening week of federal.  As I parked on 2nd and walked over, I could see a line at 6:55AM.  This my friends, is devotion.

In the shop, which is quite little, the staff was working frantically to keep up with the amount of people craving coffee and sugar.  When I finally got to the front, I got my dozen, bid them farewell and off I went.

The smell of donuts filled my car on the way to work and my mind ran as to what I would be experiencing.

I tried a taste of all 4 varieties and they are delicious.  These are not your run of the mill, light, airy donuts.  They are cakey, cooked properly and delectable.  Some have fillings, some have glazes.  They are addictive.

Coffee is killer too.  From what I've heard, it's a custom blend from PT's so it looks like you can only get it here.

Forget camping for the iPhone, camp for Federal Donuts.
Mike Solo,the people behind Bodhi Coffee, and Felicia D. joining forces to make this place possible? The Queen of Awesomeness holding it down at the cash register and welcoming you as you enter? Hell with people like this behind it FD could peddle snake oil and it would still seem like a revelation!

But fortunately for all mankind FD peddles something so much better than snake oil. We're talking a custom blended coffee from PT's out of Topeka (thanks for the info Blake!). Combine it with fried chicken recipes that The Colonel couldn't even dream about, and add in fancy donuts made by ROBOTS; and you have yourself the new trifecta of glory!

Like many, many people I knew the bulk of this months beforehand (and had even planned to camp out for the opening at one point. Fail!). But upon reading tweet after Facebook post about product selling out as fast as lightening, I figured that it would be best to wait a bit so I could truly savor the moment.

It finally came today and the queen was as awesome as ever when I entered. Since it was one of moments where I was tempted to order one of everything I opted to just go for a 1/2 dozen of the fancy donuts so I could try one of each and have a bit leftover. And pending tomorrows breakfast (or the aftermath of this review if I can't hold back temptation) it just might have been the best worst decision ever.

Between the glaze, the freshness, and the un-overbearing filling inside each bite is sheer perfection. And there's no Dunkin necessary because each bite is pure flavor country. Both the Key Lime and the Blood Orange yielded the necessary fruit flavor, while the Chocolate Raspberry was the perfect taste of decadence. But the Nutella-Tehina Pomegranate was the clear winner for offering the perfect combination of each flavor sensation.

Believe the hype, because after just a couple of weeks Federal Donuts has more than earned its spot towards greatness!
FedNuts is the anti-New Year's resolution.
It is pure gluttonous indulgence. 
The stuff diabetes-affiliated bliss and fat kid dreams are made of.

Fried chicken and donuts are the new peas and carrots (if peas and carrots were outrageously delicious and lower in fiber content). The donuts they serve here have delightfully exotic flavors like Indian cinnamon and pomegranate poppyseed. They are aromatic, tender, and make Krispy Kreme look like a soggy sack of afterbirth. The chicken, served starting at 11:45am, is divine and completely unique in this city. It is twice fried Korean style (see: Café Soho), but seasoned with a whole 'nother register of crazy spices. This place is pure genius. Come early. (and tip Blake and Felicia handsomely!)

Word to the wise: Before you scurry out the door, with your frontside doused in drool, pop in a breath mint and swipe on some deodorant. It gets crowded in here, and you *will* exchange a grope or two with some friendly strangers/soulmates.
At a donut shop where the focus is on innovative ingredients, it's surprising that my favorite was the simple honey almond. I sampled all nine donuts on the menu. After one bite of each, I had a sugar high for hours. The honey drenched donut was by far the best tasting of the bunch. A distant second was the hot and fresh Indian spiced donut. As far as I know, Philly doesn't have any real donut shops that serve them fresh out of the fryer. 

The demand for this place has made for long lines and early sell outs. If you manage to get there in time, I'd suggest ordering a couple of the honey almond donuts and a hot coffee, which is also delightfully rich and not at all acidic.
Philadelphia is such a City of Assholes.  AssholeFest.   Paradise O'Assholes.  I've never seen such a concentration of loud, rude, angry, foul-smelling, poorly-dressed shit-eaters in my entire life.  

When you've lived here long enough, you actually stop noticing it  - even BECOMING it - until you visit another city, and everyone there seems as if they're 3/5ths into a serious narcotic high: friendly, happy, talkative, relaxed.  When you visit that other city, people might say "HI!" to you on the street or at a bar, and it makes you feel suspicious - but then you realize: you've become a Philadelphia asshole.

I was recently browsing WIKIPEDIA.COM and learned that the French invented the term "déclassé" when they first visited the original settlement of Philadelphia in 1524.  I learned that we put the "phil" in "philistine".  Worse yet, I learned that many years ago corruption was almost eradicated from the collective human consciousness, but we Philadelphians kept it alive during this time much like the Arabs kept the Greek classics alive during the Middle Ages.  

This shittyness all seems to fade away when you visit Federal Donuts.  It's like walking into an alternate reality where Good Things actually happen in Philadelphia, and everyone is super elated about it.  For that brief moment when you first bite into a hot Indian cinnamon donut, we actually live in a first-rate city, with first-rate sports teams, first-rate city planning, and first-rate career opportunities.  For a split second, everyone is suddenly very attractive and has an interesting and articulate worldview.   You even think that, at long last, you might not run the risk of getting your ass kicked or your throat slashed if you walk home alone in the middle of the night. 

Every customer of Federal Donuts is happy beyond reason.   Adorable, rosy-cheeked citizens cup steaming envelopes of hot donuts in their hands and hold them to their noses, smiling like they just won the lottery.   At lunchtime as the line winds out the door for fried chicken, truck drivers hold hands with be-mohawked feminists who hold hands with Mummers who hold hands with hipsters who hold hands with the guys who used to beat them up in highschool - and they sing.

Everyone knows that the donuts and fried chicken are fucking delicious, but I give Federal Donuts five stars and tons of credit purely for the fact that they've created an oasis of joy and civility in this otherwise bleak tundra of disappointment, violence, and despair.
I finally had the chance to experience this amazing establishment. Timing is everything when it comes to coming here. Early in the morning when they open (sometimes) or an hour before they close is the best time to avoid the lines... the weekends good luck. 

 I agree with Steve M. on this , fried chicken and donuts , oh mama could there even be a better combination than this?  I'll wait for a comparison ... ( Jeopardy theme song being played in the back) What is NOTHING compares to Federal Donuts in the donut realm.. nothing.  You are correct Nando, now lets see what you wagered, everything.. you are the champion . 

Now that I have wiped the tears of joy from my eyes, my sense of smell is in donut heaven with everything being made fresh it was time to order. I went with the  butter milk ranch fried chicken, an order of a 4 piece please instead of an 8 piece. I wasn't going to be greedy here, I do  want those donuts also, I could always get an 8 piece and bring it home for  the wifey and I. Who am I kidding if it even makes it that far, that 8 might turn into 1 by the time I get to the Walt Whitman. 

Buttermilk ranch or the Glazed Chile -Garlic  for the win people, for the WIN! This is a twice fried over chicken which makes this delicious, they fry it first , then once you order they fry it again with whatever you choose. Every bite I had taken I could taste the ranch seasoning with nothing but delicious juicy chicken. Licking my fingers from the residue of that buttermilk ranch.

 I also enjoyed the glazed chile-garlic, Oh momma !  This perfectly spiced, not overbearing  where you can't enjoy it , nothing but perfect. I have just gone into cave man mode and started stuffing my face with this. Residue left over in my beard and upper lip is there serving a purpose which is. 

1) The drive home where I can lick my upper lip to remind me of heaven. 

2) As I kiss my wife I can make her jealous as she tastes and smell the residue of either buttermilk ranch, or the chile garlic on my upper lip and sides of my mouth . Sometime a beard is good, certain parts can be considered a flavor savor, not so sexy or appealing on women though . .

What makes this an even better treat is they give you a complementary donut with your order, a delicious honey glazed. I am seeing a pattern here with the word "Delicious" 3 syllables 1 word could easily describe everything. De-Li-Cious.. Delicious. While I was enjoying every bite of perfection in front of me,  I was washing it down with some Dr. Browns cream soda.  Also they give a complimentary side of Japanese style pickles (I think it was) which were damn tasty 

Now here we go , this is the moment of truth, the donuts, their hot fresh donuts. AMAZING cake style donuts, that is deep fried for you right there. They do make specialty donuts also , but once they sell for the day I believe Porky Pig said it best "That's all folks " until the following morning.  I had the pleasure to try  the Chocolate peanut butter donut, along with the Indian Cinnamon, Apollonia spice and Vanilla lavender. 

Words can not be expressed , just sounds of pure bliss...  small moans or enjoyment with every bite of  mmmhh oh my god this is  hot and fresh and mmm. I don't think there is an adjective to describe this other than .. right still can't think of one, just eat one and you will see. I will bet you moan a little.
 
Rebecca is money behind the counter with the orders she was receiving. While I was wiping my mouth after annihilating this perfect blend of fried chicken and donuts , Rebecca made me an extra donut for free  for my travels. A  POMEGRANATE NUTELLA !! MY OH, OH MY! (In a George Takei voice)  This was fabulous , and I do have an infatuation with Nutella. 

Great meal, great  service, I will be coming back more just to try more different flavors of fried chicken. Now what are you waiting for.. be gone and feast upon chicken and donuts.

Side note. They will be opening up a Fednut in the ballpark this season. Phillies.. donuts... fried chicken, that is a homerun right there. 

Donut rankings in my opinion:
#1 Federal Donuts  (King )
# 2 Suzy Jo              (Queen)
# 3 I don't care for, go and fight it out
2 dollars?
2 fucking dollars for a donut this good?

Sorry Federal Donuts, I know what kinda scam you are running. There's no way you can be making a profit by selling such high quality foodstuff at such a bottom-market price. I see your business model - You place sedative in the donuts and harvest organs from your hapless customers. Limited seating room means more room in the back for your surgical operatory.

Coffee. Donuts. Chicken. Fresh human spare parts. - This is the sign in the back alley behind your restaurant, and features a red silhouette of a pancreas rather than one of a rooster.

Oh man these donuts are addictive, too? Nice. I suppose you won't be satisfied with just one of my kidneys. You want the other one, too. Sure, I'll go back. I won't hold it against you because these damn donuts are so damn good.

I loved the Indian cinnamon and Vanilla Lavendar donuts. I also loved the nutella-tahina-pomegranite. The chocolate raspberry wasn't as good as the others, but it still annihilated 99% of all (Non-Federal)donuts I've ever had.

Pros: My favorite donuts. Good coffee.
Cons: Limited seating room and they harvest your organs.

I can't wait to go back and try the chicken.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Shoot 'Em Up but every character is the Predator.
I'd heard the hype. Seen the NY Times article. Nevertheless I was skeptical. Mainly because most people have at best, two reference points for donuts, Dunkin Donuts or Krispy Kreme. Neither of which really makes truly great donuts.  So after waiting for the crowds to die down a little, I traveled over to see for myself last Saturday.

It's a small shop that blends into the surrounding neighborhood. Inside there are a couple of seats at the counter and a wide window well that two people could sit in. I ordered my donuts. I went with the Indian Cinnamon, the caramel banana, the pina colada, and the halva pistachio. The ladies behind the counter worked as fast as they could given the decent sized collection of people waiting for orders and bopping in. My order was processed quickly, and I got my coffee right after I ordered it. The coffee was one of the only things that was a disappointment besides the lack of seating.

 Since there was no room to sit, much less stand I took my donuts and coffee out to a park just off of Federal between 3rd and 4th St.
The donuts were truly transcendant.  Each donut was a symphony of flavors on my tongue.

The Indian Cinnamon-Very light on the cinnamon, coated with sugar. Hot, fresh, and so moist that it pinched in half when I started to eat it.

The caramel banana-A delicious meld of flavors with something added to the banana chips that made them more tasty than I"d imagined.

The pina colada-The donut I though I'd enjoy the least. However it tasted like the Rach 3 and Beethoven's 9th all rolled up. A complex mix of flavors that together was truly amazing. And unlike the current generations, I don't use that term lightly.

The halva and pistachio-the final movement. More subtle flavors that nevertheless worked well. I'd never had halva before, but I liked it.

Believe the hype. Believe the NY Times article. Federal Donuts makes some of the best donuts I've had.
I totally get the cult of Federal Donuts; the lovechild of Zahav and Percy Street BBQ.  

The old corner shop is in a warren of narrow old streets in Pennsport, and the space itself has a tiny charm that could easily be a time warp to the 18th Century.  Standing in line or waiting for an order creates a sense that time has slowed down, and even the dust in the sunbeams may have danced for our forefathers. The combination of Korean style double fried chicken and deep dive dough balls is a natural fit for preparation, but I am not yet comfortable eating both at the same seating. The double dose of fats challenges my guilt. 

When we arrived mid-Saturday afternoon, all of the fancies were gone, but the 3 daily offerings were available.  Folks were gnawing on their chicken bones at the counter, blissful in their enjoyment.  We ordered a half doz mix of Vanilla Spice, Maple Brown Sugar and Strawberry Lavender to take with us on the drive home.  They were individually bagged while hot, and placed in a larger paper bag, and ultimately triple bagged in a plastic take out carrier.  

Opening the package, the heat and moisture has made the paper sacks damp, but still held in plenty of the essence of the dough wheels. We tried a Vanilla Spice.  It was covered in sugar and cinnamon, cake-like, and uber sweet. The bite and chew was pleasant, but there was no crispness due to the water vapors.  Very tasty.  A very good donut.  Over the next day, the rest were devoured, and although the taste varied with content, the general experience was the same.  A nice round piece of cake with a hole in the middle. 

Federal Donuts deserves another house call earlier in the day when the fancies are in stock, and again for a unique fried chicken experience, which seems as varied as the sweet fat tires. 
After those ingestions, an update will be in order. 

Until then, the consumed donuts themselves were not life altering, but were certain A-Okay!
There are a few indisputable facts about me.  I am not a fan of fried chicken.  I do not like donuts.  Hipsters make me itch.  So, what the hell was I doing at the long-awaited opening of Federal Donuts?  Standing on the sidewalk in front of the coffee/chicken/donut eatery this morning, I wondered the same thing.  I normally don't patronize restaurants on opening day as inaugural menus and service are usually as successful as the maiden voyage of the Titanic, but like most of the city, I was seduced by the hype.  After all, Federal Donuts has been the highly anticipated darling of Philly food editors for quite some time-with City Paper, Foobooz, and uwishunu keeping the buzz alive with numerous write-ups.
 
In my extreme naïveté, I thought my 11 AM arrival would give all the ironically cool hipsters time to get their coffee and donuts and get back to whatever hipsters do.  I was right-sort of.  I avoided the huge swell of people that one of the owners told me hit at 7 AM, but my fashionably late arrival was the culprit behind me not getting my hands on any of the fancy donuts.  Anticipating demand, the FedDo crew doubled their initial batch and, even though people were banned from ordering by the dozen, they sold out by 8:30.  A quick-thinking Michael Solomonov (of Percy St. Barbecue and Zahav fame and co-owner of Federal Donuts) ran out to get ingredients for another batch which-surprise-sold out as soon as they came out of the fryer.
 
Undeterred, I decided to stick it out.  Forty-five minutes of waiting in the tiny space and I was rewarded with a sticky box that was near collapse from the dripping honey glaze of what turned out to be a pretty amazing meal.  (You'd be well-advised to shamelessly lick your fingers should this happen to you-completely worth it.)  The Korean style fried chicken had a beautifully crispy skin with deep nooks and crannies that caught the rivulets of sweet glaze and made it addictively good, but a serving of pickled veggies was unimpressive.  If, like me, you encounter a donut sell-out (of which I suspect there will be many), order the honey ginger chicken because it's the only bird that comes with a donut.  The donut, painted with a thinned-out honey mixture, was akin to a beignet which I considered a small miracle because I hate dense, cakey donuts.  Korean fried chicken and donuts may be the new Southern chicken and biscuits and guess what?  It works.
 
It may be too early to call, but I predict Federal Donuts will be a game changer-it's that good.  Chicken joints and donut chains should be nervous-very nervous.

**UPDATE: I was informed by a sharp, hawk-eyed Federal Donuts employee that every chicken order comes with a donut.  I stand corrected.**
I mean this in the most positive and reverent way when I say that some day at my funeral, the words that will be spoken in hushed tones by everyone, will be ," spicy peanut chocolate donut".
Federal Donuts, you do not need another glowing 5 star review but what the heck, I am going to give it to you anyways.  You see, I recently went to a "friendsgiving" where in place of turkey, Federal Donuts chicken was served in all of its glorious flavor options.  As always, it was knock your socks off phenomenal.  Actual turkey thanksgiving would be ashamed of itself.

Your donuts are awesome (even my dog eats them when I stupidly leave them on the table and turn my head for just one second).  Your chicken is awesome.  Your coffee is awesome. Your staff is awesome. 

So happy holidays to you, Federal Donuts.  You are worth every lb. I gain each time I indulge in your heavenly fried wonderfulness.
This review is about the fried chicken. The donuts were really good, but I don't really review donut places.

These situations infuriate me, I almost gave it two stars before realizing I was indulging irrational negativity toward how badly this place had been overrated, and by whom. 

The people crowding into this tiny little space and standing in line forever to get fried chicken at a place that made only fried chicken and donuts were clearly in love with the bullshit gestalt of all that. They were going to love the chicken no matter what.

But the chicken wasn't that good. We ordered a wet one and a dry one. On the dry one, the skin was nice and crisp, but it was way over-seasoned, and the meat was almost dry. On the wet one, the wet sauce had turned the crispy skin into unpalatable mush. It was also almost dry. The chicken itself was not flavorful, and not especially tender.

That's it, mediocre chicken, even if you were checking out Modest Mouse in tiny venues fifteen years ago, the chicken is still not that good. Get over yourself.

Never trust a fried chicken place filled only with white people.

Yeah, but anyway, like I said, the donuts were fine.
Forget chicken and waffles, you can get chicken and donuts. Chicken with different spices and flavors but you will have to wait until after 10am or was it 11am. We were here really early and it was a waiting game. So we wait with coffee in one hand and a few donuts in the other. No really, a few donuts because eating just one would be stupid. The creativity and presentation of these donuts are amazing. I liked the grapefruit donut in the way it looked and  tasted it Citrus-y and sweet and not as tart as you would imagine a grapefruit would have been. Many donuts to choose from and different glazes but the grapefruit one stood out the most to me which is why I remember it so vividly.

Went to this place last year in July as it was on Carrie's bookmarks.I doubt it was the fried chicken with many different flavors to choose from was the reason for our visit. Besides the GPS directions being called out, all we get is Federal Donuts. Who knew anything about fried chicken besides the locals who come here all the time. There's only four seats so take your food outside. There's a long red bench to share but you don't have to share your donuts. Forget about trying to find parking. You can always park in front of the fire hydrant like this lady did. She walked in like a boss, ordered, waited, grabbed her order, walked out, hopped in her car and left. Just make sure you carpool, one hops out and one waits in the car or circle the blocks. Just share your chicken so you can have more donuts. 

Happy National Donuts Day!! #NationalDonutsDay
10/29/2011
Things Ettya F. wished she liked but she really doesn't:
1. Spaghetti 
2. Coconut milk
3. Donuts

10/30/2011
Location: Federal Donuts

Situation: Ordered 4 donuts on a promise they were amazing. A fellow yelper wouldn't lie to me. Shared said donuts. 

Outcome: Oh-Ehm-Gee-Zee. Hot donuts. FOB Donuts. So freaking delicious. They don't really taste like donuts. There's none of that wierd greasy aftertaste that so often accompanies the DDs. There's none of that deflate in your mouth after you bite down that KK seems to tout as some sort of wierd signature even in thier "cakes".

The hot donuts are cakey and taste fresh-from-the-oven more than fresh-from-the-fryer. They're small so you can eat more. They are covered in flavored sugars - Vanilla Lavendar and Indian Cinnamon are perfect for warming your tummy on a damn cold winter morning. 

You'll probably get sugar on your face. Get someone (or your pet dog) to kiss it off.
The bun in my oven has been a demanding fellow.  For the last three months, he has wanted a donut.  I went to the local DD and order a French Crueller- it proved to be a cruel event- dry and stale- I spit it out.

When I heard that FD had opened, I felt like the angels were singing, and this was the end of my quest.

Of course, I could not just give in so easily to Bun's request- don't want a spoiled brat.  So, I added a trip to Home Depot since it is a hike across town.

Parking was a challenge.   People seemed to ignore the hydrants.  I parked a block away and was greeted by a wall of donut scent a few doors down.  It added fuel to the fire of Bun's hunger.   Business was brisk at 7:05 am.  The staff was bright eyed and sweet.

I had told people about my early morning adventure and was ready to bring home extras.

I ordered one each of the sugared donuts.  If you stand to the left, you can see the machine pooping out the dough into the hot oil.  As they come off the conveyor belt, the donut makers dip them into the sugar AS ORDERED.  So, you really get a fresh product.   I took the warm bag out to the car and took one out- it was still very hot.   WOW.  Melted in my mouth .  Bun approved the lavendar sugar- he is a metro sexual foodie, I think.

When I got home, I cut a quarter of the chocolate cherry donut off.  The chocolate crust was such a great foil for the tender donut.  The filling was so perfect.  Just enough piped throughout the dough.  Really great.

Bun is requesting the fried chicken.  Maybe I have to head to Ikea....
Got there at 1130 and had to wait until 12 to get chicken. It was very expensive and came out half cooked. Over hyped.
I now know that Federal Donuts is the absolute bees' knees for locals who swear by their outstanding donut creations.  However, I did not know this fact until right before our planned weekend getaway to Philly, when a foodie friend of ours (who also happens to be an editor at a swanky food mag), posted a message about feening to return to Philly just for Federal Donuts' Pomegranate-Nutella treat.  And what do you know, this gal loves Nutella!!!  Call it then, serendipitous that I made it a point to come to this S 2nd street location to explore the reasons why this place came with such high recommendation(s).

What I like about Federal Donuts far outweigh what I don't like about it.  So I'll start with a few negatives.  

THE NOT-SO-GOOD:
The shop is situated on a somewhat seedy stretch of neighborhood.  It's nice that it's right on the corner of the street, and in a low-key, residential area, but at the same time, I'd probably feel a cold sweat running through my body if I had to walk around these parts at night.  Naturally then, you should try your best to come here early before it gets dark, or before the shop gets hounded with customers.  Because even in a relatively remote location, Federal Donuts packs in their devotees quite early in the day and you can certainly expect crowds to swell until they run out of donuts (and fried chicken) to sell.  We thought we had come early enough (shortly before noon), but we were mistaken.  I must have waited on line for 30-40 mins to order two donuts and some wings.  And the donut that I came here for (pomegranate-nutella) was all SOLD OUT by the time we ordered.  Pooey.  

Another downside, is their strange ordering system.  It's a bit confusing if you've never gone here and have no idea what the drill is, but apparently, there's a two-part process if you want to get donuts and wings.  It's not as seamless as you'd wish, and I'm not exactly sure if this system they've drummed up actually helps the line go by faster, or if it is causing a lot of stalling and waiting.  To me, it seemed inefficient.

THE VERY GOOD:
Believe the hype.  These donuts are amazing!  Texture wise, they are ever so gently crisp on the outside, yet incredibly soft and cake-y on the inside.  And you simply can't beat the inventive and fun variety they have on offer.  You have a choice between their "FANCY" donuts (Creamsicle . Chocolate Covered Banana . Mandarin-Coffee . Strawberry-Rhubarb Pie . Pomegranate-Nutella . Mango-ChileHot), or their "HOT FRESH" donuts (Appollonia . Indian Cinnamon . Vanilla-Lavender).  They are nice enough to cut up some samples of the hot donuts while you wait in line to place your order.  The donuts are favorably priced (there's a premium for the Fancy donuts, of course).

Fancy pricing:
$2 each $12 half dozen $20 dozen

Hot Fresh pricing:
$1.25 each $6 half dozen $11 dozen

Another main draw to Federal Donuts is their FRIED CHICKEN.  I would have to say THIS was the utter surprise of our trip to Federal Donuts and stole the show for me and the bf, as we were not expecting to have such tasty wings from a donut shop in Philly.  They were out of this world, from another dimension of deliciousness and would easily best some of the finest Korean Fried Chicken you'd find in New York.  

We had an order of 6 wings, wet glazed with honey-ginger.  Since there was no space to devour our wings at the shop, we decided to eat them in the car (keeping things classy is what we do), while they were still nice and hot.  Let me tell you, these wings were phenomenal... so tender, flavorful, and juicy.  It was no surprise to me that boxes upon boxes of their fried chicken were flying out of the Federal Donut kitchen.  An added treat is the fact that you have OPTIONS, and can choose amongst six different flavors (4 dry seasonings, and 2 wet glaze flavors).  Btw, you can't mix.

To top off all this goodness, the folks at FD manning the operation, are all so nice and patient, and quite friendly.  

The popularity of this place is no doubt gaining more and more momentum and will hopefully lead to further expansion, and quite possibly an empire....?!  Let's hope by the sheer Federal Donut fan volition, the craze spreads to New York!!!
You cant get here too early. Donuts start at 7am. So far they have sold out no later than 10am. Chicken starts at noon. Sold out by 12:45

If you like donuts and / or fried chicken, then this is your place.  That's all they serve, and if you are only going to serve two things you had better do it well.  And Federal Donuts does them both exceptionally well.  

On their second day, the donuts were sold out by 10 am. The menu lists nine varieties.  At 12:45, I was lucky to get a leftover honey donut.  I was also lucky to get the last half of a chicken, sold simply as a half chicken or whole chicken.  

The chicken is moist and tender and crispy without a hint of greasiness.  It is fried and  then served coated in you choice of three dry spices (za'atar, buttermilk ranch or harissa) or two glazes (chili-garlic or honey-ginger).

Simply put, this is the best fried chicken I have ever eaten.  So good it could make you cry, mainly when you think about all of the time spent eating greasy, bland fried chicken.

The restaurant is small with limited counter seating.  They are clearly geared for take out.  And for $8, a box of half a chicken is a good lunch price point.  And the food way better than you'd expect for an $8 lunch.

Just to emphasize how well this place is run, after selling out of chicken at 12:45, the owner and his team continued to line the counter with whatever pieces of chicken were left, and gave whole pieces away to anyone that stopped in.  This focus on the customer and a nice thank you for stopping in is a sure path to success.  Great start, Federal Donuts - I wish you much success.
The first two times we visited Federal Donuts, they ran out of fancy donuts. Had the hot donuts instead and they were good, but not amazing. On our third visit (Saturday around 11am) we were finally able to get our hands on some fancy donuts and they lived up to the hype! Had the chocolate glaze, blueberry pancake, strawberry cheesecake, pecan something, churro, and tres leches donuts. They were delicious. I thought Dough and Doughnut Plant in NYC were amazing, but they have since been demoted. These are my new favorite donuts. Only thing to keep in mind is the texture is more cake-y, which I still loved but the hubby prefers airy donuts so was not as impressed with them as I was...More for me!
*Fried Chicken Sandwich Review*

Federal Donut food truck was at Spruce St Harbor (pop up festival). They only sold chicken sandwiches. I ordered a fried chicken sandwich (boneless fried chicken with ranch seasoning, cheese, spicy sauce, pickles, & soft roll). The chicken sandwich was Deeeeeeelicious!!!!!! Federal Donut chicken was fried to a nice crisp. The sauce wasn't too spicy. Every component of the sandwich really stood out. Chick Fil A has some competition. The price point was a bit steep. This chicken sandwich definitely lived up to the hype! I will update my review after trying donuts here. If you see Federal Donut, definitely check out their famous chicken sandwich.
Came back on a Sunday for the chicken. We got here around 11:15 and thank God we did because it was starting to get crowded. It was exactly when they started taking orders for chicken. We did wings; half chili and half garlic. I'm a fan of bold flavors so I liked the chili the best, but both wings were really good. The place was definitely busy but the line was moving, thanks to the excellent service. You also get a side of these interesting pickle-like veggies, which I really liked because I'm a sucker for pickled anything. Also I really liked their coffee and this is someone who is usually very sensitive to coffee. A few side notes:

-You really need to get there early (11:15am-ish) to get your chicken by a decent time. If you get here too late, forget about the wait time, be concerned if there are any chicken left. Which leads me to the second point...
-This place knows what its doing since they set a specific amount of donuts and chicken to make a day. Instead of pumping out items all day long, they have a set limit and when they run out, they run out. 

So the question is, do you need them more than they need you? The crowded room of customers from open to close says "Yes."
So much hype...

...and so much success! Federal Donuts is an experience. Philly and Twitter are on fire with it and as I discovered this morning, with good reason. The line out the door at 7. The cashier so friendly and seamlessly processing multiple orders demanding infinite combinations of coffee and donuts before sunrise on a Saturday. The counters made of recycled surfboards. Beneath them, fold-out stools cleverly tucked away. I've seen complaints of limited seating. It is, but not as bad as its been made out to be. There are seven to ten fold-out stools and a very spartan concrete bench in the window.

The donuts are great but lets start with what's epic: the coffee! Wow! It has this unforgettable sweet delicious flavor. I decided against interfering with it by adding milk or sugar. 

As for the donuts, let's start with the fresh:

They take a little while. I didn't mind as I sipped my coffee and enjoyed watching people mixing real donut batter, a sight far too rare in America circa 2011. I started with a vanilla-lavender. Great combination of sweet flavors. The Appollonia and Indian Cinamon are OK but I would rather just have a plain donut out of the fryer. I will probably ask for one next time. Perhaps this will be the start of the Federal Donuts secret menu. 

As for the fancy:

They are stacked in racks behind the counter just like cupcakes at Magnolia Bakery in New York. If you are in a hurry, I would just order them as they are ready to go. The best of the bunch is the honey almond. Its just a bit wet and has perfect sweetness and taste. The key lime is another top notch winner. The filling is great and the graham cracker crumbs on top are the perfect finish. The nutella-tehina-pomegranate was my third favorite. Just like with the key lime, the filling is great. The orange blossom pistachio is good and I would probably kvell over it, but it is hard to impress after bites of the others. When I tasted the coconut pineapple, I wished they stuck to just coconut. The most meh of the bunch was the chocolate raspberry. It looks beautiful but I was hoping for a chocolate cake instead of a chocolate coating. I'm sure its multiple times better than a Dunkin Donut but it was a low point at Federal Donuts. 

One day I will try the chicken. For now I hope they open at 5:30 so I can get some and still be at work but 7:30. Opening a second location on Easton Road in Glenside would also be appreciated.
So happy this place exists. 
Fried chicken, hot donuts, and coffee? Straight and to the point-- who could ask for more?
What a wonderful intro to my weekend in Philly! My friend and I stopped into Federal Donuts for breakfast to feast on flavors that I didn't know donuts could own. Lavender vanilla...banana salted caramel- you get the picture. We sat at the counter, ate, and listened to motown. Beautiful start to the morning!

And then. Just when things couldn't get any better, it was time for fried chicken. We placed a half order of za'atar rubbed fried chicken-- the spices and crispy chicken skin were just plain heavenly. I wish I could remember the other flavor options-- all of them sounded delightful! Can't wait to return on my next visit to Philly.
you catch a teasing whiff as you cross the street
a woman outside whispers to you as you head for the door "grab a free sample...if they have any"
you turn the knob, swing open the door and are doubly-greeted by the smiling faces of felicia and blake 
that wonderful aroma rushes you head-on (hello, pavlov) 

i was impressed by how 'tight' it is here - quite the model of efficiency...i swore i saw extra arms on those girls as they not only greeted customers by name and chatted, but poured coffee, served donuts, and prepped for the chicken-frenzy sure to come

we sat ourselves down (thanks to jim h for the tip) and were treated to fresh hot appolonia spice and vanilla lavender donuts (mmmmmmmm donuts)  
those alone, which we enjoyed with a cup of really great coffee, would have made the trip worthwhile...but no, we were on a mission to.get.chicken.

za'atar, harissa, chile garlic, honey ginger...how to choose?? yes, one of each to go please...buttermilk ranch, we'll get to you another time
once the chicken was ready, blake suggested trying some while it was fresh and hot - so glad we listened - we built a wall of chicken boxes, hunkered down and shared a piece of each flavor...i would be hard-pressed to say which i loved best - the chicken is phenomonal; crispy and juicy and so, so flavorful...
ps it is even great cold...loved the pickles too - thanks blake : )

we also took a box of fancy 'nuts home to share - (choc spicy pnut, lemon poppy, white choc rasp, key lime, pom nutella tehina, apple walnut...next time, i am coming for you blood orange) - as proof to our fellow suburbanites that the umbilical cord does indeed stretch as far as pennsport
all right, friends.

here's what you gotta do: 

1. dress in as little clothes as possible (to minimize excessive sweating during your trek down to the pennsport corner of the city) 
2. enter at the big rooster sign
3. give a nice big smile and say "one CHILI MANGO donut, please"
4. you'll want to sit down for this
5. carefully extricate creamy orange sprinkled donut from its casing to avoid losing any precious mango-laden morsels
6. FIRST BITE: savor each moment of the sweet fried goodness enveloped in rich mango puree & sprinkled with precisely the right punch of chili spice
7. order 5 more (this step will come naturally)
8. bask in epic food coma
9. rinse and repeat? (for this i recommend the loose leaf green tea. it's bangin' [although i do wish it came iced in this abominable heat]:HINT HINT:)
While Lauren H and I were sitting in the front seat of her car in South Philly, steaming up the windows and making obscene noises as we downed our half-dozen donuts and entire fried chicken, we pondered how Federal Donuts came to be. My favorite theory is that the restaurant began with the sign outside the door, which simply reads:

coffee
donuts 
chicken 

I imagined Michael Solomonov and friends coming across this vintage-looking sign somewhere. Later that night, after a lot of drinks, someone turns to Chef Solomonov. "Yo, dude, you know what you should do? You should totally open a restaurant inspired by that sign. You would serve three things: coffee, donuts, and chicken." And he would reply, "man, I could totally make that work." Then one of his friends turns to him. "OK, Mike, you think you're all that? Let's put your restaurant on a street corner where nobody ever freaking goes. You get no foot traffic. People are gonna have to work to come eat your chicken." And Michael Solomonov gives him a boozy handshake and goes "Yo, man, it's on."

... and several months later we all learn that yes, he really is that good.
First, the process: Arrived at 11:20, had coffee and a donut, got first number at 11:45, got my chicken at 11:55. Service was friendly. 

They only serve 80 chickens a day starting at noon. Suposedly their limiting factor is how many chickens they can brine overnight, but this problem could be served by just getting kosher chicken, which is already brined. I suspect that they have just realized that the fake scarcity increases the value of the product. 

Now, the food.

Donuts:  If you like cake donuts, the simple $1.25 ones are better than most, especially when hot. However, they lack the snappy texture of a truly great cake donut and the fancy $2 donuts compound thje problem with heavy glazes and fillings. The coffee was first rate

Chicken: First of all, this chicken is actually overbrined. A bonus of overbrining your chicken is that you can cook it fall-off-the-bone tender without drying it out. The downside is that it can begin to take on the texture of lunchmeat. This was right on the edge. Being Korean style, this chicken is not breaded with a secret blend of 11 herbs and spices. It's more like Buffalo wings which at most might be dusted with flour. Cooked fresh to order in hot oil, there is not a hint of grease clinging to the bird. 

I had mine tossed with Za'atar seasoning blend, which could have used some salt. And something about the dry spices just tasted like...dry spices. It didn't meld. I suspect the glazes work better.

Bottom Line: I've had better Korean fried chicken and I prefer American fried chicken anyway. However, this  chicken is unique in Philly and they do a good job with it. I might go back to try the glaze.
I've absolutely had it with this place. I live right around the corner from Federal Donuts and while their products are A+, 100%, top shelf donuts - chicken - coffee, THE SERVICE IS AWFUL!!!!! It's like if Verizon, AT&T, and Comcast decided to make donuts and wanted to treat customers even more like schmucks than they already do.but it's not that they're being jerks...it's that they are totally and utterly incompetent.  

They pack you into this sardine can they call a shop and sort you out by a numbers system which really means 30 people are stuffed into a 15 person room with hot coffee in their hands and bumping into one another. Not to mention the time you're waiting is always way too long. It's like a good 15 minutes of standing there waiting before ordering and then who knows how long after that. 

THEY RUN OUT all the time. If anything they think it's awesome to "SELL OUT". How about not selling out...how about actually providing the products you sell? CRAZY RIGHT?!?!?  Not to mention the hours are total crap...so not only do they run out of food but they close early. They can't even keep the amount of food for the small amount of hours they're open. Figure out how much you sell and supply it.

"Can I get a chocolate covered banana donut?"
"No, we ran out. Actually we only have  Oatmeal raisin and S'mores"
"There's six types of donuts on the menu and you only have two? It's only 11:50am!!"

And forget about chicken. It's awesome, which is even more frustrating because you better be ready to schedule your entire morning around it. Everyone waits and waits and waits while trays upon trays of chicken sit behind the counter. They only have one line/cashier so they call a number for chicken then see if anyone just wants donuts....
why not try two cashiers/lines?
why not take orders over the phone so people can just pick it up?
why not actually have enough product on site or another site to go to when you run out?
why not treat people with respect and courtesy? 
Maybe these aren't the solutions but try SOMETHING!

I was actually told that they ran out of "fancy" donuts...so I ordered a two hot ones and then a worker walks up to the cashier and told him to stop taking orders. STOP TAKING ORDERS? You're a donut shop with 20 people inside and you're not taking donut orders? I left and didn't go back for a good two months. I wanted to give it another go and AGAIN, they ran out of fancy donuts and the numbers for the chicken were in the high twenties with low numbers being called. So forget about chicken if you have anything else planned. It's never been so hard to get a business's product. 

Federal Donuts needs to pay less attention to they're sarcastic facebook posts and more on treating customers with respect. They're not rude locals slinging cheesesteaks with an attitude justified from years of dealing with obnoxious city folk, they're little hipster kids that should be grateful for the business. What happened to the days when businesses actually appreciated their customers?

I gave them one star because no matter how good their food is, it's not even close to the effort that needs to be put in and I live around the corner.

Federal Donuts....PLEASE STOP MAKING IT SO HARD TO BUY YOUR FOOD! Especially when your donuts are $2 a pop as it is.
I just wanted to get this visit over and done with. After reading all of the "God destroyed all other donuts after having a Federal donuts" reviews, I was sure that this place was over hyped... Well... Maybe I took my prior to visiting description a little too far... These are hands down the best donuts that I've had to date... I was looking forward to being disappointed that I waited til I got home to try them. I didn't want anyone to hear me cursing about wasting my $2 per donut money on just flour, yeast, and some watered down sugar icing.... Anyway, my favorite was the caramel banana. I don't think that I've ever taken the time before to identify every ingredient that I tasted in a donut. This was one awesome donut. Soft and pillow-like. The only thing missing was the banana peel and the caramel wrapper. I guess my favorite Amish fried donuts have been kicked down to #2...
Get the nutella-tehina-pomegranate and coconut pineapple. Between those two, most of my favorite flavors were included. The nutella was definitely an interesting combo with the pomegranate but it almost tasted like a trail mix flavored donut: nutty yet sweet and refreshing. And the coconut?  Well you all know my obsession with all things piña colada.  If you like coconut cake, you will like this donut. It was very crowded but the donuts were worth the wait and trek. Will return to try the fried chicken.
I wanted to give it to five stars. Believe me. However, I just am a little disappointed that the doughnuts were significantly smaller than I expected. I know cake doughnuts are a whole different ball-game from yeast doughnuts but...I did expect a little more. This is strictly on the doughnuts, I didn't get any chicken so another review could lift it to five.

All the wishy-wash aside, I am so happy I made it to Federal Donuts this morning. I ordered the Indian Cinnamon and the Orange-glazed Pistachio and found both to be just perfect. Not too sweet or fattening, just right. I am thankful that it is only a three minute bike ride down Washington Avenue from my spot in the Italian Market.

I really like the space that they found as it is in the middle of a very residential neighborhood, and who knows what could follow Federal Donuts as the next establishment in the steadily gentrifying section of South Philly (Pennsport). I also loved that Aloe Blacc was playing in the background, nice touch guys.

For those who want to take a walk around, definitely stop by Grindcore House on 4th & Dickinson, not too far away from Federal Donuts for vegan fare and great coffee as well. There are two parks in walking distance: Jefferson and Dickinson Squares, respectively.

Can't wait to try the house blend (amazing that they have one already!) or the cold brewed coffee, and of course the fried chicken! I am coming back next week and hopefully they will have some chicken left around dinner time next Tuesday. Dr. Brown's too? Gotta give them props for catering to the Jewish deli lovers too.

Last note: for those biking, be aware that there is NO PLACE to lock your bike up in the immediate vicinity, so we just had to leave them unlocked in plain sight. Something to keep in mind...!
Federal Donuts, let's be honest, you had me at "we only make fried chicken and donuts."  You had me.  I've had the donuts already, and they were delicious.  But today I went for lunch, and wow... wow that chicken.

I went with some work buddies and we each got a half chicken of fried perfection in a basket, which comes with a honey glazed donut on the side.  The chicken is also butchered into perfect pieces (split breast, thigh, drumstick) so you're not dodging huge chunks of bone while devouring this delicious stuff with your hands.

Buttermilk Ranch: Holy geez.  This is the best dry fried chicken I've had in Philadelphia.  Crispy and juicy and incredibly flavorful, covered in a flavor-punch of ranch powder... incredible.

Chili Garlic:  Absolutely delicious.  Just the right amount of spicy chili soaking into every piece.  This would be great on wings, to further improve the sauce-and-skin to chicken ratio.

Honey Ginger: Anywhere else this would be an incredible dish... but the bar was set so high by the other flavors above that I have to put it in third place.  Still delicous.

Honey donut: a perfect side item, somehow.  Moist and perfect, just like the rest of the donuts in this shop.

Bonus:  Yelp Elite behind the counter!  (What up Blake F?)  It's always good to see an Elitist out in the real world!  Went to add each other... and apparently we're already Yelp friends!  Small world!  And terrific friendly service!
We've gone to Federal Donuts a couple times now and I can see us going back again and again for just a taste of something sweet in the morning. I don't know how long they even stay open, but the one time we tried to visit after work, they had completely sold out of everything. I'm sure they'll get it together as time rolls on and they have a better idea of volume.

Now, to the delicious, cakey donuts. I got a half dozen ($6 for 6 of the hot sugared donuts) to take to work- Indian Cinnamon, Appolonia Spice, and Vanilla Lavendar. Not surprsingly, they taste like hot sugared donuts (note the category they fall under, people). For fancier donuts, they have twice as many options and so far they do not disappoint. We've had the Chocolate Raspberry, Key Lime, and Pomegranate Nutella Tehina and they were spot-on. You may not taste every flavor they boast, but they are delicious nonetheless. 

Other fancy choices are Coconut Pineapple, Orange Blossom Pistachio and Honey Almond. As for the fried chicken, am I sick for wanting that for breakfast? I suppose so. I also suppose I'll have to venture out after work in hopes that they haven't sold out yet! I feel kinda sorry for the folks who live nearby. Not only do they have these delicious donuts (i.e. serious temptation) to contend with, but the smell of fried chicken lingers in the air as far as a two-block radius. Now that would require some serious withholding on our household's part!

Special Note: There's three seats in the whole place. Service is fast and friendly. Prices are reasonable.
re: Felicia

Implying that the customer should correct the issues of a business is absurd. You should have known what you were getting yourself into and be well prepare before you opened. Your customers don't owe you anything....especially not 50K or 1.5mil. And being a smart ass when a customer does review is especially intuitive of your whole operation. Opening a restaurant is a risk because you have to cater to the public...you've instead taken the risk out by trying to have the public cater to you. Which annoys people. You don't have to have run a successful donut shop or be Fred the Baker to figure that out.

And I called you hipsters (or at least the ones I saw, hipsters) because you fit the definition. I'm sort of confused to why hipsters can't be working stiffs as well...
There are very few places that live up to the massive hype surrounding them.  Federal Donuts joins that small list of places where the food matches its expectations.  This small corner-sized store owned by Michael Solomonov (Zahav, Percy St BBQ, Bodhi Coffee), is the latest addition to a series of local eateries that challenges the restaurant empires built by Stephen Starr and Jose Garces.

We went on a Sunday morning around 1230.  There were no lines, and there was plenty of the famous chicken available.  The BF and I split a vanilla lavender donut and a pomegranate nutella donut.  I got a half order of the Harissa Chicken, and he opted for the Chili Garlic.  We also got coffee, therefore trying each of the menu's three featured items: donuts, chicken, and coffee.  A small wait after we got our food and we sat down at one of the five counter seats inside.

The donuts are perfect: moist and cake like without being too heavy.  They're also sweet but not too sugary.  The chicken is also outstanding.  The outside is crisp and flavorful without being too crunchy, and the chicken on the inside is warm and juicy, with all of the flavor sealed in.  The coffee is also pretty terrific, but plays second fiddle to the donuts and chicken.

If you can go when there's not a serious line, it makes the experience all the more enjoyable.  The staff is super friendly and genuine; interested in making you feel comfortable and delivering to you a quality product.  The food is fantastic and it's a great neighborhood spot.  I would definitely come back to try all the donut flavors next time.
These guys should really consider changing their name to Federal Yeah, We're Out of That.

NEVER been here when they actually have donuts. Could you imagine walking into Wawa and they're out of coffee or walking into Dominoes and they're "out of pizza"? Well, this is no different. I shouldn't walk into a donut shop and be constantly told they're out of donuts.

Maybe I'll go back in a few months when they (if ever) get their act together and actually have donuts. Till then a donut shop that never seems to have donuts - gets 1 star, sorry.
I have a problem.

I've only been to Federal Donuts ONCE yet have already had THREE separate whimsical reveries concerning these exquisite "holes-in-one".

Oh, shit.

The "hot donuts" may, in fact, be habit-forming - made to order & handed to you warm, soft and with that perfect melt-in-your-mouth consistency. The aroma alone is enough to put you into a state of prolonged food coma.

I eagerly devoured crystal-covered vanilla lavender and indian spice rings of heaven. Both were absolutely divine (although I liked the vanilla lavender just a PINCH better).

The "fancy donuts" (which are pre-made yet still out of this world), are flawlessly decorated and presented in various exotic flavors including chocolate spicy peanut, passionfruit poppy, apple-cinnamon walnut, grapefruit brown sugar, caramel-banana etc etc. I sampled the grapefruit brown sugar which had a very unique flavor - much fruitier than I expected. I also tasted the more "traditional" apple-cinnamon-walnut variety which was the consummate combination of sweet and fruity & generously topped with apple crumbles.

These alongside my freshly-brewed cup of green tea made for quite the breakfast of champions.

I can hardly wait to venture back to try the newly-added chicken wings option (the 5PM weekend timeslot will finally make this possible!).

A solid 5 stars from this girl.
Donuts and fried chicken. This is one of my favorites places ever.

Not only do they serve two of the finest foods known to man, but they happen to be so incredibly good, and the service is also outstanding.

My only problem here is that they sell out of everything too quickly. Make sure you get here earlier in the day to avoid disappointment (or don't, so that I won't be disappointed).

This time I was here, by about 1:30, they only had 2 out of 6 of their Fancy Donut flavors left. This was actually a good thing though, as I probably never would have ordered these flavors, and they were both excellent. We tried the Blackberry Anise and the Mango Coconut. At $2 each, these are an absolute steal.

Even cheaper, and just as delicious, are the Fresh Donuts, which are available in 3 different rotating flavors. These are only $1.25 each, and they fry them fresh on the spot for you, so you get them piping hot. There are few foods better than a fresh, hot donut, so you must make sure to try at least one of these. We tried the Vanilla Lavender on this visit, and it was really great.

As if that weren't enough, they also make some outstanding fried chicken. You can get a half chicken ($9) or a whole chicken ($17), which consists of breasts, thighs and drumsticks, or you can get wings ($9 for half a dozen). You can also choose from a ton of rotating dry or glazed preparations as well, which have all been great so far in my few visits. I've tried the Buttermilk Ranch and Za'atar here, both dry toppings, and both great. Like everything else, it all tasted so fresh. The chicken was incredibly juicy and tasty.

As if that weren't enough, they also give you a free, simple Honey Glazed donut with every order of fried chicken.

The service here is great. Every single worker is super friendly and is very helpful with suggestions. They are very talkative and frequently chat with customers, as the few seats in the small place are lined up at the counter.

I've been to more than my fair share of this new thing of Fried Chicken & Donut restaurants, and this one is by far the best. I  will keep on returning also because of the great variety. I came a year ago, and the entire selection of donuts was completely different. Any time I'm in Philly now, this is a must.
Screw going to the Rocky Statue, if you want the true "Philadelphia" experience, go to Federal Donuts on a weekend around 11:30 and happily wait for your number to be called to order fried chicken so good, it would make Ben Franklin blush. 

I have never been in such a good mood waiting for my food to be prepared. Mind you, helping yourself to a hot donut while you wait for fried heaven helps the situation. But honestly, the wait is quite reasonable, especially for the happiness that your taste buds are about to experience. 

I ordered two half orders of za'atar and coconut curry and split them with my boyfriend. Although both were fantastic, we both agreed that the coconut curry oh so slightly edged out the za'atar. I've been told though that harissa is the end all and be all of fried chicken. (Unfortunately, they didn't have any that day. Sad face)

I've been here before for donuts only and I know people rave about the fancy donuts, but I think the fresh hot donuts are the way to go. I have never had such crave-worthy donuts in my life.

As a side note, I walked my bag of fried chicken a good mile and a half before I got to dig in, and it was still one of the most splendid things I've ever eaten. Oh, and the honey donut that comes with it was delicious as well.
This place isn't bad--I'd probably give it 2.5 stars if I could--but it's definitely not worth making the internet explode, as it seems to be doing.

Feel free to assault my unsophisticated palette if you wish (I'm kind of whatever about a lot of food trends--e.g., truffle fries), but despite all the bells and whistles, these donuts really just taste like you're putting a handful of sugar in your mouth and swallowing it. Skip the "fancy" donuts because they're soggy and way too sweet. The fresh donuts from the other side of the menu are better and cheaper. Maybe they'll iron things out after they're open a little longer, but I doubt I'll bother going back to check. If you liked cupcakes or bacon-peanut butter cookies 2-3 years ago, you'll probably flip out over this place. Maybe I'm old school, but for my $$, I'd rather have 1/2 dozen sour cream donuts from Jack's in Laurel Springs. Or the cream-filled donuts at Frangelli's where they actually pump the cream into the donuts after you buy them. Those places were there before Michael Solomonov was born and will continue to be there long after Federal Donuts stops trending on Twitter.
Federal Donuts for dummies:
-Step 1: go to the counter and ask for a number; do not just stand there like an idiot (like I did)
-Step 2: when your number is called, give your name and your order
- Donuts: fancy (the ones that sell out quickly) and hot (made to order, deceptively simple looking donuts available with a variety of spices - seem to be available all day)
- Chicken: dry and glazed varieties
- Seating: don't plan on dining in - there are only a handful of seats around the counter

We got there around 12:30 on Friday and the place was packed.  The ordering process was easy & went smoothly once we got the hang of it. Two of us split a half chicken with chili-garlic glaze.  The chicken was juicy and tender and the seasoning was tasty.  Note: the glazed is VERY messy.  We were lucky enough to grab seats at the counter. Wet naps would have been helpful. The chicken comes with a honey donut (good but nothing special) and Japanese pickles.  We also split an Indian Cinnamon hot donut and then immediately each ordered another one to eat.  The donuts are so warm and fragrant and taste as good as they smell. 

I'm still on a chicken & donuts high hours later.  I'll be back to sample the different chicken & donut varieties.
I am loving their donuts & fried chicken! It's a must try. This is the second location I've visited. Fried chicken is not served until 11am so plan accordingly. Nice neighborhood to walk around if u get there too early like I did. This time I tried the Za'atar fried chicken and it was wonderful! It taste so much better than it looks. It's now my second favorite to the Chili-Garlic fried chicken. I also recommend the hot strawberry lavender donut and of course the regular honey donut that comes with the fried chicken.
It's 7am on a Saturday - there's also a mix of sleet/rain/snow falling from the sky.  To start my weekend off right I took a 2.5 mi run... straight to Federal Donuts.  Yep, through cold, wet, conditions & it was totally worth it.

Doubled up on each flavor of fancy & added in some hot & fresh for good measure.  Best birthday cake ever - and the first donut that I actually like (sorry DD & KK).

Bonus points for the raddest staff ever.
Having lived in cities that define themselves by their d-nuts (Portland, LA - proud to be Dunkin' Free) and now Philly with their Feds, I have become an expert in the field of Expectation Management. What is said about the cities "Best Donuts" might just be a mouthful of overtly sugary wreckage. 

Federal keeps it consistent. The same block of dough for every doughnut. You decide whether this is boring or not. I will tell you that they have nailed this dough. It's what cake doughnuts should be - a slightly airy crumb bite that gives you the false impression you could eat 6 and still not be full. The coatings and icings get all the jazzing up, which is fun. Adventurous flavors like watermelon cucumber lime and strawberry ginger icing or sugar coatings - lavender sugar? Yes!

While I wouldn't break my neck or stand in line for more than 10 minutes for some Federal Donuts, I could eat one every other day and be very happy (and without rotting teef). they are delicious and are best in class for cake doughnuts. 

Good stuff on the d'nuts Philly. I like your style.
It's creepy when stores or restaurants open that are exactly what you've been hoping for.  

Had 4 kinds, all were so good here's a poem:

Philly was in quite a rut
it lacked a place with good donuts
with with federal involved
this problem was solved
but now we'll have double-wide butts
The maple bacon donut was good, but where's the bacon? I was expecting a nice piece (or crumbles maybe?) of some thick sliced bacon on the top, but it was MIA. It did taste of bacon though... witch craft. 

We got a recommendation to arrive well before the 11:45am chicken cut off to get a seat, eat donuts and wait it out for the chicken, but the place filled up fast around 11am when we arrived. Also, what looks like ample seating on the website is in reality six seats at the bar and two other small built-in benches. 

Lack of seating aside, you'll definitely get service with a smile: get ready for free samples, chatting with your kids, dancing at the register, etc. I probably would have really admired this personal vibe in the usually not-so-personal city of brotherly love, but in the cramped quarters with a mounting line it didn't strike me as efficient. Turns out we didn't wait for the chicken.

Tip: You can't place an order for chicken until 11:45am on the dot (even if you're there early), and at that point they said it takes about 5-10 minutes to fry some up especially for you.
I'm a sucker for donuts, especially hot ones and the nuts @ the Fed sure fit the bill. 

I walked into this itty bitty place FILLED with people just WAITING for chicken haha.. luckily at noon I was still able to get some fresh hot donuts. SCORE!

THOSE DONUTS WERE DELICIOUS! I'm usually not into cakey donuts, more a yeasty girl myself, however these donuts proved to me that cakey donuts can still be light, airy, and amazing fluffy! nice, Nice and NICE!

no grease like after taste that can typically come with the cakey nut, and that made me giddy! I tried the vanilla and lavender donuts. ( wait I may be wrong but one of those donuts was lavender, perhaps the other was cinnamon) either way they both were worth GFO.. aka getting fat over :D

the staff definitely works hard and the finished product proves it.

I'm definitely a fan of being able to see EVERYTHING that's going on within the kitchen. 

Way to go Fed donuts, it's unfortunate that you are quite so far away, but I'm sure my pants are very thankful because I am very capable of developing a donut addiction.
I used to hold Federal Donuts in fairly high esteem but that all changed when I went in last weekend to find that their "fancy" flavors pretty much suck ass now. I see I'm not the first person to complain about this. Chocolate, honey-dipped, and PLAIN GLAZED are boring as hell and certainly not worth $2.50 apiece. I got a chocolate peanut butter which wasn't that great either. For some reason their chocolate donuts are never very good. My favorite flavors in the past have been things like blackberry anise and green tea but those were nowhere to be found. And yeah, the girl at the register said people were complaining that they didn't have those fucking boring flavors. Well you can't please everyone, but they've always sold out of their fancy donuts anyway so I don't see the problem. 

Who were the people supposedly complaining about the flavors? Probably a bunch of basic, grouchy Pennsporters. Must we cater to the taste of simpletons? The hot donuts are already plain enough.
Really yummy, unique donuts.  Definitely the best I have ever had in Philly - maybe ever had anywhere. Tried the Appollonia and the Chocolate-Sea Salt.  Washed down with a cup of the most delicious coffee!  Perfect breakfast.

Next time I have to try the chicken!  I was sorely tempted this time, but it seemed like a bit much for breakfast. 

Also, go earlier rather than later.  It was so ridiculously crowded.  Not that I don't know the reason why... I'd go every day if my waistline could handle it.
The hype is here but I don't get it. The honey almond is mediocre at best.
Over oily tasting and not sweet enough. Highly overpriced and small as well. Since when did donuts price out at $2 for a small one? WTF. 
Didn't taste the quality and just glad I didn't fall for the hype of the chicken. I'll grab a Frangelli's instead.
I've been dying to try Federal Donuts since they first opened their flagship location. So a few weekends back when we happened to be in the neighborhood, we finally had our chance! 

We walked into the small storefront and were greeted by a warm smile behind the counter. We settled on a half order of the buttermilk ranch chicken and six chili garlic style wings (which we were told were excellent choices btw.) The lovely lady behind the counter told us she'd cut us a break and just charge us for the whole chicken instead of two halves to save a buck. 

Then of course, we needed to decide on donuts. Lots of their specialty donuts were sold-out so we stuck with the classics. I ordered the Indian Cinnamon and Bry went with the Apollonia Spice, then as if our day couldn't get any better, the sweet lady behind the counter told us she would throw in the Vanilla Lavendar for free, just so we could try it! Bam! They just earned themselves a lifelong customer. The inside of the store is minimalist and charming, there are about six seats at the counter so if there is an open spot, snatch it up quick!

The buttermilk ranch was my absolute favorite. I loved the flavor and crispiness of the outside and the chicken was crazy moist on the inside. I've had dreams about it every night since I first got my hands on it. 

Please note: and we were newbies so we had no idea, with every order of chicken you get a tasty honey lemon donut to go along (pictured below.) It's really the perfect compliment to the chicken -- a little savory and a little sweet. If I had known that we might not have ordered three other donuts, but heck, you live and you learn.
Two weeks later, and they are now making enough donuts so that you can enjoy them while waiting for your chicken at lunch. Don't let the lunch lines scare you.  Take a number to get served in the chicken line - it moves quickly
I'm eating these donuts right now, and with every bite I can't stop myself from saying "Oh.  My God."  We (my boo and I) pre-ordered 9 fancies and a 1/2 honey-ginger chicken to celebrate Superbowl Sunday.  Pre-ordering is KEY as we went in at 1pm and they had run out of fancies at 9am!  We pre-gamed our fancy donuts & chicken with some hot donuts - 1 of each kind:  Lavender-Honey, Indian Cinnamon, and Appolianaro (or something that sounds Apollo-y).  These 3 kinds were the sugar-coated, sparkle in your mouth type.  They all tasted similar, but the Apollo one was a darker, stronger cinnamon, the Indian Cinnamon reminded me of fall festivals, and the Lavender Honey had a nice clean taste, but you had to look for it.

Now the fancies that we're currently binge-ing on are freaking amazing.  I'm not one to order a dozen donuts every Sunday...I'm no donut seeker...but I'd seek these.  Every single one is so unique from any donut I've ever had and they're unique from each other.  The balsamic-raspberry is in my top 3...it's not artificially sweet and the balsamic cuts the sweetness with a nice tang...the "halva pistachio" holds on to the flavor of the nut and would be my #2, #3 would be a tie between the pina colada and the grapefruit with brown sugar.  We also got the caramel-banana and the smore's donuts which were definitely good but those fruity flavors aren't found in your everyday donut and the flavor keeps standing out no matter how many donuts I eat.  I keep eating more.  I'm still eating.  

We blew through the 1/2 chicken pretty quickly (the donuts are still lingering on the counter) and I'm not a fried chicken seeker either.  The glazed version wasn't sticky but thin & savory/sweet and the chicken inside the crispy coating kept the sweetness of the glaze.  After this chicken I loooooooooove fried chicken.  Well, maybe only Federal's.

I have to credit the boo for finding and ordering from this place.  He said donuts & fried chicken and I thought "you're fat and crazy"...but now I'm actually enjoying football...well I'm enjoying being fat and crazy.
What a let down! This place came highly recommended when a buddy found out I was going to Philly. I MADE SURE I fit it in and went on my last day, right before going to the airport.

We walked in and it was not what I expected. It looked like a dive bar for donuts. "Eh, maybe that's just how Philly donut shops are." I thought. The young lady behind the counter looked a hot mess. Like she stumbled out of bed, put her hair up and ran to work before she was late for her shift. I had been to a lot of other places in Philly where young, hip waiters and servers had cool tattoos and dressed casual...but this one...she looked disheveled to say the least.

So we go to order..."Sorry we are out of that one." ..."Nope, we are out of that one." 
Then she says "Let me just tell you what we have left....." No explanation of the flavors...she just rattled them off. No "Your first time? Let me tell you a bit about us...." 

The only had 3 flavors and of those there was only one Banana Cream left. I get it, the donuts fly out early morning. That's fine. But to only have 3 flavors left at 11AM?!

I did a sticky bun - Not really impressed. It was dry, and wasn't too tasty. My wife got the Banana Cream. It was better, and between the two of us we finished that one off.

Maybe the customer service made the donuts less desirable. When you start off feeling like the staff doesn't care I think it drastically damages the experience.
I was really excited to have donuts here as many people have recommended this place. 

The donut shops I am used to have about 50 varieties this donut shop only had about 10. However, the two that I chose were delicious. 

I had a chocolate eclair and a cinnamon sugar donut. The cinnamon sugar donut was just like a churro and it came out fresh and hot. I wish I would have been able to have their chicken and donuts but maybe next time.
I'd like to propose a change of name.

MAN TON DONUTS. 

As in "MAN, I'd like a TON o' these DONUTS"

(Or, since I'll probably be ordering 'em from Blake, "MA'AM, I'd like a TON o' these DONUTS.")

Yeah, that's the ticket.
It is currently 11am. We just scarfed down half a dozen donuts.

Got in line to find out that we may have been too late, but we were the lucky two to get the last hot sugared donuts today. Vanilla Lavender for him and Apollonia Spice for me. Thumbs up!

We also picked up some fancy donuts while they were still available: Coconut Pineapple, Pomegranate Nutella Tehina, Orange Blossom Pistachio, and Chocolate Raspberry. They were all pretty good in their own right, but I think the hot sugared are much better (maybe because they are hot). The "fancy" donuts are definitely "fancy."

Coffee is okay, staff are very friendly. Quick service but beware of the line! The earlier you get there, the better your chances of getting donuts (sells out around 10-11am) and fried chicken (sells out before 1pm)!
Un-be-liev-able!! Everyone yelped that they sell out of their fancies early.  I'm a night owl so for me to get up at 9 am (the crack of dawn), and drive a half hour, it better be like crack good. Well WTF?! 3 out of 6 "fancies" were plain glazed, chocolate glazed, and honey dipped. Does that sound FANCY to you?? Everyone was raving about the chocolate sea salt and cherry pie, but NOOOO - discontinued!! Um, I can get plain n chocolate glazed at any donut shop!

 When I asked the girl at the counter why they have 3 unfancy fancies she got snarky and said, "they're actually popular and requested"! Oh is that why there's not one friggin review raving about their glazed donut?? Btw they've gone up to $2.50 each. Nope not worth getting up for!! Save your trip for when menu changes.
I was pretty impressed. Sadly, they were out of chocolate banana so we tried the s'mores fancy donut, which at $2 was tasty enough but nothing spectacular. Maybe I should've tried one of the weirder flavors, like razzbery[sic] balsamic or halva pistachio. Or the plainer donuts, like lavender vanilla.

However, the chicken was quite good, particularly the dry-rub za'atar. I think the dry-rubs are the way to go, because they really showcase the perfectly-crisp crunchiness of the fried chicken. The chicken breast was juicy and not dry at all, which was great. The chile garlic was tasty too, but it seemed like they were trying to copy Korean fried chicken places and failed to execute it quite as well. The chile was a bit overwhelming in terms of flavor (spice level was fine though), and the fried outer shell didn't hold up quite so well to the glazed coating. They came with a tiny container of Japanese-tasting pickles, and honey-glazed donuts that were not-too-sweet and perfect with the chicken (think chicken and waffles). 

Overall though, I was bit surprised about the value we got from this place. I expected to spend a lot of money for not a whole lot of food, but the portion sizes were pretty decent for the price, and the chicken came out hot, fresh, and tasty.
After reading the glowing reviews here on Yelp, I was eager to try Federal Donuts. The place was clean and the service was friendly. I got one of  nearly each type of donut.
I was visiting my Mom that day, so I brought them over and split each one in half so I could try each flavor. Other than the Pina Colada and Pistachio-Halvah (the fancier $2 ones) I couldn't taste a substantial difference between the other 3. To read the reviews here, I expected more than what I got. Maybe my expectations were too high, but I just don't see what all the hype is about. It's just a friggin donut! I could go to any good bakery and find better. And for the price they charge, I really don't see the value.  The fancy ones weren't worth $2. All said, a big let down. 
The little skeptic in my head makes me wonder if this is just a case of good  (Yelp?) promotion by the owners. Most of the reviews on this site have been pretty accurate. In this case, there was a big disconnect between hype and reality. If you're creaming your jeans over these donuts, you need to get out more.
***This was really a 2 and 3 star experience. In the realm of fancy doughnut shops its a 3/5 but in the realm of doughnut shops as a whole it's a 2/5 when you factor in taste, price, wait, etc. 

I came here on a visit back home from Brooklyn. I've had my fair share of fancy doughnut places in NY like Dough and the Doughnut Plant but have never been really impressed so my expectations coming in weren't high. People usually over hype them and I finally taste them for myself with the "meh" reaction. 

Federal Donuts has a good variety, small store and friendly staff. The prices are hefty and I feel like I pay the same amount in hipster Brooklyn. Just take the free honey doughnut that comes with the chicken unless you're coming for just fancy doughnuts. The free one is hot, quality, light and fluffy. Great for $0.00! 

My family and I got buttermilk ranch 4 piece chicken and honey ginger 4 piece chicken ($16...-__-) and Indian cinnamon, Apollonia, blueberry mascarpone, double chocolate, lemon poppyseed and an extra honey doughnut because I like honey. I wanted mixed chicken flavors but they have to do a whole batch of each flavor since it's made to order. So prepare to buy a lot of chicken at a premium if you're visiting town and can't just come back next week for a different flavor. 

The chicken was a bit under cooked and had some of the feather tips still attached so it can be cooked and cleaned better. The flavors were fine. The honey ginger is way better and could be stronger but that's because I love ginger so I expected more kick.  

I didn't really like the doughnut base for the blueberry and cinnamon. I liked the toppings but the actual doughnut tasted a bit burnt/wheat? Not sure but the actual dough flavor wasn't great to me. My friend and my mom liked it though so its a matter of personal preference. I liked all the toppings though and loved the lemon poppyseed and honey. 

The pickles are awesome and I would buy just those. Zesty and flavorful and fresh. 

Would I come back? Maybe to try the harissa chicken or some super crazy doughnut combination but I wouldn't go out of my way. I would be happy with warm crispy creme and popeyes for cheaper.
I was not a fan of this. 

The donuts was dense and it wasnt too flavorful. But again, I'm not a fan of donuts and I prefer to have my donuts airy. 

Great service though.
This is the tough part.  
Do I love the chicken and donuts? Yes.  
Do I love the workers? Yes.  Do I love that I have been coming here since the beginning and the size of the donuts have changed SIGNIFICANTLY in the past 6 months? NO.  
Come on people - we are paying a fortune per delicious donut and although the price is still high, the donuts themselves are about 1/3 of the size that they used to be.  My rating for everything else would be 5 stars if the donuts hadn't experienced shrinkage.  Perhaps we could rectify this?
Yelp readers this place never gets old, Yelper Matt H has no idea what he is talking about. I'm not a liberal but I will gladly eat their donuts! 

I've come here a few times and it's been a great experience every time. The first time I came we were trying to get there before they closed and literally arrived right before they locked the door. Not only did they let us in, they gave us extra donuts! 

This time around my wife and I stopped by on our way to Easter dinner at a friends place. Nothing says let me in/I love/ happy Easter like a box of Federal Donuts. A few of the people at dinner had never experienced FD glory. Let's just say they started with a half, took another half, then took a full donut. I'm pretty sure they fell in love. :-) 

This place is great, I didn't even tell you how good the chicken is. I'll probably be back in a few weeks...
I'd been to Federal Donuts for, well, donuts. Those who know me know that if I could never have another donut for the rest of my life, I'd be fine. I just don't love donuts. But my husband, a donut enthusiast, was not overwhelmed by them back then. 

This time we decided to go back and give the chicken a try. We got a donut as well, just in case we caught them on a bad day on our previous visit. 

The donut was just fine; husband would eat them again but they aren't his favorite. But the Vietnamese iced coffee was delicious. I'd return for that alone. 

However, the chicken was the real reason I'll be back. Husband's chicken sandwich was good. But the 3-piece fried chicken with coconut curry spices was excellent. Crispy, juicy, tender, and not at all greasy. I took one piece home for a later 2nd meal. 

Henceforth, I shall refer to this place as Federal Fried Chicken, as that is why I go there.
The morning began early with a long run followed by left-over cake from Wit & Wisdom (plus some terrible hotel coffee) prior to the drive from Baltimore to Philadelphia - a drive made in record time thus landing me in the City of Brotherly Love at 7:10am, a mere ten minutes after Michael Solomonov's oft-raved Federal Donuts opened its doors.  Always a fan of breakfasts and baked goods, particularly from a chef who went out of his way to stop by my table to chat when I ordered (er, 'devoured like a viking') the pork shoulder at Zahav, Federal Donuts had been on my 'to visit' list for a while and although my eating plans for the day were substantial I knew walking in the door that I had co-diners throughout the day with whom I'd happily be able to share.

A small space to be sure and not yet busy on a Tuesday morning parking was a cinch and with two bakers plus a young clerk I asked what was best with a typical response, "everything," and sizing up the donuts and realizing them to be small I went with the theme ordering a half-dozen fancy options and one of the made to order hot sugared donuts plus a cup of Federal Blend coffee plus a plastic knife with which to divide the selections.

Making my way to the street and sipping the vibrant coffee with earthy cinnamon tones throughout I started first with the hot "Vanilla Lavender" selection and was instantly quite impressed as the exterior was a bit crunchy while the interior was soft and dense, the floral notes understated while mellow vanilla notes came to the fore.  Moving next to the daily selections of $2 fancies it was a mixed bag (or box) with the same high quality textures as the hot donuts but the flavors far more bold - and sometimes a bit strange.

Starting with the selections I expected to work nicely, Creamsicle, Strawberry Rhubarb Pie, and Chocolate Banana each choice was a pleasant blend of flavors with the same cake body simply wrapped in a different glaze - a fan of cake donuts over yeasted 'raised/glazed' things were off to a good start.  Moving next to the more aggressive flavors, Chili Mango and Pomegranate Nutella both proved to be quite bold and interesting - the former with a bit of heat and the later somewhat akin to a peanut butter and strawberry jelly sandwich in flavor.  Far less successful, the Mandarin Coffee was simply not my style - far too much acid with the smoky coffee notes providing little balance.  Overall a really interesting spot with a good vibe and prices far less than many 'designer' donut shops I unfortunately never did make it back for the fried chicken.....though I guess there is always next time.
If you do anything here...you have to... GET HERE EARLY!! 

The point of coming to Federal Donuts is 
A. Donuts 
B. Fried chicken 

Since I don't eat chicken that mean it's donuts. And when it comes to donuts I want the fancy ones. My mouth was watering with the days flavors, lemon meringue, churro, chocolate eclair, butter pecan and guava poppy seed.  My friend and I had a couple cups of coffee before we even left the house and another pit stop for iced coffee before arriving. We were caffeinated enough as is. They have their own coffee brand at this joint too. What they don't have which is a huge pet peeve with me is a b-a-t-h-r-o-o-m!?! How can one serve coffee and food and not have facilities. Alright, I'm done with my rant. 

When we walked in and I ran over some people to be informed the door lead to the basement and not a bathroom, I embarrassingly crawled over said people and back to the front. The place seats maybe like 6 people around the counter a couple people on a bench in the back and a couple more on the outside bench. I noticed there was one last Lemon Meringue. I have a weakness for lemon desserts. But just like that the person in front of us ordered the last one and away it went. So like I said come early so your donut dreams aren't crushed. We were still able to get some fancy donuts like guava poppyseed and butter pecan but everything else was sold out. They had their fried donuts, cinnamon brown sugar, strawberry and lavender and vanilla spice. We got a half dozen, half fancy and half freshly fried. 

We sat on the outside bench and the heat from the fried donuts melted our fancy donuts a little. The guava poppyseed was glistening! I had my first bite and it was just like guava! The taste was extremely fresh and bright! Sometimes cake donuts can get heavy or dry but these still had some fluffiness to them. And I had a bite of my friend's butter pecan and it wasn't too sweet. Everything was well balanced and also not to heavy or dense. 

I will be back but it might be just as the door is unlocked and Federal Donuts is open for business. 

I also heard there were David Lynch donuts here and that the cherry pie donut was too die for. I adore Twin Peaks and if they happen to be around when I'm back in town, I will surely be here right off the NY bus!
I had the fried chicken.  It was worth the trip in snow-tober.

I started with Za'Atar and I was really happy I did.  It was super crispy and lots of awesome salt and herb flavor.  The donut that comes as a side is the perfect contrast to the chicken.  

I have to go back for the glazed varieties.

Seriously awesome.
I really want to love this place, and have tried- I swear it.  The people who work there are great, really nice, and friendly, they seem to know almost everyone by name.
BUT
Is this the emporer's new chicken?  So  much hype led up to the opening of FD, and I was pretty excited about the place, but four tries in, and I just don't get what the fuss is about the chicken.
I feel like the 2 women in the old joke complaining about the food at a Catskills resort- one says 'the food here is is terrible' and her friend replies 'yes, and the portions are so small'... 
Pieces are small, and often dry, never juicy as great fried chicken should be.  Last time I got it, it wasn't even crispy.  I have tried three flavors and I like the flavor of the ranch, but not enough to pay $9.00 for 4 tiny pieces.  I am sorry, but I think I am giving up on FD for chicken and continuing my search for truly great fried chicken.
We stopped by Federal Donuts on Monday on our way out of town and just made it in before closing time. If I had known they closed at 3 I would have definitely visited earlier. 

These donuts are delightful! I got one of the few remaining fancy donuts of the day (blackberry anise omfg i could eat this all day) and one freshly fried vanilla lavender donuts. I couldn't pick a favorite. A hot, fresh donut has few comparisons. But the blackberry glaze on the fancy donut was out of this world. 

I also got a sticky bun donut "to-go" which ended up meaning just to-go-walk-to-the-car. It was tasty but nowhere near as good as the other two.

Next time I'm in town I'll definitely be stopping by (and maybe check out the other location on Sansom Street). I'm also intrigued by their chicken.....Obviously I need to make another trip.
Heard great things about Federal Donuts for quite some time now, so I finally had the chance to try them out this weekend. Sadly I was only able to get here around lunch time, so they only had a few of the 'Fancy Donuts' available. I was able to try their Chocolate Sea Salt, Pumpkin Spice Latte, and the three 'Hot Donuts': Apollonia, Indian Cinnamon, and Vanilla Lavender. I highly recommend the Indian Cinnamon and the Chocolate Sea Salt. The Pumpkin Spice Latte held up to its name, although I don't think it's as good as the Chocolate Sea Salt. The Vanilla-Lavender was very subtle which I liked and the Apollonia to me was just your normal sugar donut. Unbeknownst to me, all of their donuts are cake donuts and not yeast based. I'm more a yeast based donut lover but these were just as excellent. The donuts were not greasy, not too sweet, and the cake texture was moist.

I wasn't really interested in getting the fried chicken at the time, but by the looks of the trays, there was still plenty to keep them open to 3pm.
If there was ever a place that exceeds its hype, this is it. We drove over at 5pm on the nose after a snowy icy storm made for a quiet Saturday in the city. Despite our promptness we were not the first ones there. People, this chicken is serious business.

E and I got 2 half orders to try different flavors - one za'atar and one honey-ginger. We also scored a full dozen fancy donuts, two of each flavor they had that night. Our companions got a half order of buttermilk and another za'atar. Within about 8 minutes we had our chicken in hand and were out the door. Then we sat through what felt like the longest, most deliciously perfumed car ride of my life.

I am currently still breathing a little heavy from my intense food coma after eating 3 pieces of chicken and 2 donuts. The honey-glazed donut that comes with the chicken is phenomenal and I love their fruit variations. The za'atar was my fave chicken but they were both delicious and impossibly moist.

Two half orders of chicken and a dozen donuts came to $38, so it's not exactly cheap but since I eat fried chicken about once a year I don't mind paying for the good stuff.
Finally made it to Federal Donuts in time to get a precious number and order a half chicken. Went with a colleague so we each ordered a flavor, (Za'atar and harissa). Along with that I got a chocolate raspberry fancy donut, and a pomegranate donut. 

The chicken is incredibly crispy, and the flavors pack a punch. The meat inside remains juicy, but definitely cooked. Definitely some of the best fried chicken I have had.  A half chicken is cut up into four pieces but they way they cut it up you really do not recognize the pieces other than the drumstick.  Along with the chicken you also get a honey donut, as wel as some delicious Asian style pickles.

Price is not cheap, but quality never is. I would definitely go back and try some of the other flavors like honey and garlic as wel as the fresh donuts.

Bravo Michael and company.
Federal Donuts is a real BAMF, the rare kind where it packs a wallop and you go home and think that your insides might never recover again.

After hearing for weeks about the mad hype of FD, coworkers and I deliberately planned a lunch excursion to try and score us some good lunch.  A forty-block drive and some sweaty palms later, we managed to score a few boxes of chicken, bags of donuts, and several smiles from the counter staff.  (They probably see this insanity all the time.)

Talk about kids in a candy store -- we were gleefully bouncing up and down on the drive back to work.  An hour later, work productivity went completely down the toilet.  Blame it on the amazingly crispy skin, the tenderness of the chicken, or the honey-glazed donut and Japanese pickles that accompany the lunch.  The za'atar chicken sent us out of work mode and into a serious food coma for the rest of the afternoon.

And don't even get me started on the donuts.  I'm pretty sure these donuts would send half my office into happy seizures during staff meetings.  As crazy as donuts like pomegranate-nutella-tehina and dulce de leche + blood orange sound... oh man, Federal Donuts know what they're doing, and they aren't shy about it either.

Utterly worth the long drive... and many others to come!
I went to Federal Donuts on the first day they were open. I wasn't quite sure what to expect. The fresh donuts were incredible, with a dusting of sugar not overwhelming the deliciously crumbly cake donut. The fancy filled donuts are a whole 'nother level, with creative frostings and fillings unlike you have seen at a chain. Neither the donuts nor the coffee survived my drive to work. 

I loved the space, just a small corner shop with lots of light, and a few clever fold-out stools at the counter. That first morning crowd gave me hope that they'd found a good business model. Little did I know that it was the calm before the storm.

I'd been back several times for donuts, and never being disappointed, except to find that the perfect honey donut I'd had that first day was now being reserved for the afternoon's fried chicken orders. Getting a taste of that chicken would prove a challenge. There's a very narrow window with which you can obtain it.

I finally did yesterday. I got there at the prescribed 11:45, and found the tiny space packed with people. I got to the counter and got my number: 43. The wait was somewhat torturous, nearly an hour outside, with the tantalising smell of the fryer emerging from the exhaust, and people digging in to their chicken on sidewalks and tailgates just outside.

My turn came and I ordered a half in honey ginger. Heading home with it, it took a great deal of willpower not to tear the box to shreds for 5 minutes. And then I regretted not doing so. The chicken was amazing, moist and crisp and sweetened perfectly by the glaze. It was expertly tender, with the meat pulling readily from the bone. The honey donut made for a nice compliment to the chicken, but the side of pickles didn't really do it for me, just something off about the flavor.

While I wish them the best, hopefully the current furor abates somewhat. Selling out in the early afternoon helps build buzz, but it's frustrating to have to deal with the crowd and wait for the food. I'm not big on crowds so I waited outside, that's going to become increasingly difficult with the cold weather. Or if the demand stays strong, I have to wonder when a second location might be in the cards.

But really, if you're reading this in the morning, just run there now. Get the last of the donuts, or be first in line for the chicken. You won't regret it.
Wifey and I visited this place on the way to an Eagles game last year, expecting to have some GREAT donuts, and GOOD chicken.  I was intrigued by the concept of a place that specializes in DONUTS and CHICKEN....not really two items you generally would put together, but certainly two of many peoples, myself included, favorites!  

This place ended up offering the exact opposite in my opinion; GREAT chicken, and GOOD donuts.  We got a half order of the Buttermilk Ranch seasoned "twice fried korean style" chicken, and I swear...I'm not like a chicken connoisseur or anything, and I haven't traveled the world 'round looking for the best chicken, but in my 30 years of life on this planet, it was the BEST I've ever tasted.  Perfect crispiness on the outside, just the right amount of seasoning without being too much, and the actual chicken itself was nice and hot, and flavorful.  Incredible!!

The donuts we got were a Sticky Bun, Chocolate Sea Salt and Cookies & Cream.  My fav was the Cookies & Cream, the Sea Salt was damn good, and the Sticky Bun was really good too.  These are the "Fancy Donuts" and you better just HOPE they have them left, you gotta get there at the right time (I forget the time exactly, but read other reviews to get a sense), otherwise you're SOL and are stuck with whatever they got left.  The donuts were really good, soft enough and a good texture.  MUCH better than places like Dunkin Donuts (though i'm fond of them...) but not quite as good as a place like Duck Donuts (if you've ever made it to the FAMOUS OBX spots, you're missing out on life).

Service was very friendly despite being very busy, which as much as I love philly, i'm unaccustomed to (ever been to Pats/Genos? YEA - opposite of this), and it was a very pleasant surprise to have very nice people behind the counter.

Parking was easy enough, there's about 6-8 spots right out front in a little "lot" and street/curb parking.  Despite a picture somewhere else from someone, it is NOT "sketch" at all.

Great place overall, and we'll definitely be coming back!!
This place is getting a lot of love, and I can see why.  I applaud what they are trying to do.  But I'm going to be a little tough on them.  But just a little.  

Being a Delco guy, coming here means a 20 minute ride, and a minor struggle to find parking.  So this review will be based on whether it is worth it for a guy like me to make the trip.  I will admit that I made a special trip here on a day off just to try this place based on all the Yelp love.  Yes, you Philly peeps influence us Delco Yelpers on our trips into town.  

I won't go into too many details on the serving experience.  I'll save details for the food.  But the people at the counter were very nice, and even cut up some donuts for sampling since it wasn't busy.  So kudos to them.  

But the issue is I showed up at noon, and from what I understand it's a much different experience then.  So I did not get to sample the hot donuts everyone raves about.  But I did try several of the fancy donuts and the chicken.  I think that's enough to give a fair review.  Now the play by play on the grub...

The chicken is decent, but not great.  The dry seasoning helps it taste better.  I suspect it might be better if you get it glazed.  For 9 bucks, they don't really give you a half chicken.  For instance, my order did not include a wing.  Half chickens include the wing, right?  I got a leg, a small thigh, and a breast cut into two pieces.  So I consider that a bit of a short change.  Bottom line is that although it isn't bad, I wouldn't give up KFC for it.  The honey glazed donut they give you is more fun to eat than a biscuit though.  

The rundown of what I sampled of the fancy donuts goes like this..,.

Chocolate-spicy peanut... it didn't work for me.  And the main reason it didn't work is that it's not completely chocolate.  It's one of the plain donuts with a chocolate coating and the spicy peanut just doesn't work as the topping.  This one was a letdown.  I say if you call it chocolate, the cake part should be chocolate as well.  Sorry guys... fail.  

Grapefruit-brown sugar... this was a little more interesting.  Tangy and sweet.  Not their best in my mind.  But definitely worth the bites.  

Caramel-banana... now we're getting somewhere.  This one hit the mark.  But at the same time, I didn't consider it memorable.  

Apple-walnut... this was the winner!  This is the donut I will consider driving into town for.  The apple taste was just perfect on this one.  Win!

So unfortunately, the verdict on whether or not a Delco person should make the 20 minute trip into town just for this place is "not so much".  But, if you happen to be in the area at the time it is open, it's worth a swing over there.  For a few interesting donuts and a good cup of coffee, it is a winner. 

But while we are at it here, I'm certain that I would have rated this place more favorably if I could have tried the hot donuts.  This whole thing about only serving them until 11, and then serving something different after that is a problem to me.  It's two different experiences, and one is not as good as the other from what I can tell.  I consider this tactic more annoying and pretentious than anything.  But that's just me.  Thankfully, I know where Krispy Kreme is located.
Fried chicken and donuts? Who would've thought that such a combination was good. Been hearing about this spot from my friends in Philly for years, but I finally had the opportunity to try for myself during my summer 2016 excursions. Good God Almighty the churro donut was amazing, so good I had to get a second one to go.  I also had a fried chicken sandwich here that was so good it made chic fil a look pitiable by comparison. 

The staff was friendly and helpful with all of my questions and definately guided me in the right direction with my food selections.  Don't let the fact that it's a hole in the wall detur you, this has GOT to be one of your stops if you ever find yourself in Philedelphia.
Never, ever, ever, ever in my entire life did I ever think I'd say this but....



I love fried chicken (and it's all due to Federal Donuts)



Have had their donuts before but I was intrigued by their fried chicken offerings.  I am usually not a fan of fried chicken because I don't really like meat on a bone or super greasy stuff.

But Federal Donuts chicken is perfection.  Super juicy and full of meat (not too much bone), not fatty AT ALL, nice crunch on the outside, the seasonings (I got the Buttermilk Ranch) were so tasty, and the chicken was not overally greasy (I would say it was barely greasy at all).  Plus you get a donut to eat as dessert- score!

As for portion size, I shared a half with my husband.  I probably could have eaten a half by myself but I'm not a huge eater.  I would suggest getting a half chicken per person.  

As many of the other reviewers have said-- get there early!  We arrived at the strike of 12 noon and there was already a line.  Get there at 1145 am when they open!  And stake out one of the limited seats at the bar and watch the guys cook the chicken.

Great place-- definitely not a place to go everyday but definitely a go-to if you are craving some awesome fried chicken.
They freshly make the donuts when you order! Nice and hot when you get them! We came here 30 minutes before closing so all the specialty donuts were sold out. Tip: Come here before noon! The friendly worker there said that they sell out of the specialty donuts by noon! Wowww, must be that good! Anyway, the service is great, the donuts are delicious! A must when you are coming to this area! It was so nice to give us complimentary honey donuts (typically served with their fried chicken) since they were closing. They also gave us an extra vanilla lavender donut even though we only ordered one! So nice! Really made our Philly trip worth it!

They have limited seating. It's more of a to go type place. FYI
Stopped by this weekend with my boyfriend for our long-awaited chicken. Holy mother of spice rub. 

The Harissa is my favorite, a spicy, warm blend of chili and peppers. The dry rub lends impeccable flavor to a crisp, salty crust. The chicken was exceptionally cooked, moist, and greasy in a good way. 

My boyfriend's order of glazed chili garlic was reminiscent of Korean fried chicken, ala Cafe Soho. A crisp outer shell, anointed with hot/sweet glaze with visible chili flakes and a less-heavy feel than some similar Korean-fried styles. But I still preferred the dry rub.

We arrived around 11:20 a.m. on Saturday, waited patiently with other customers milling about, made chit chat with neighbors and other poultry-hungry strangers. Felicia passes out numbers about 15 minutes before noon. We were 37. It doesn't appear the clamoring masses will slow any time soon. Best to plan your visit ahead.
1.  Go to FedNuts.  
2.  Watch the donut robot squeeze out delicious fried goodness.  
3.  Enjoy the iced coffee as you watch it slow-drip down a column worthy of any mad-chemist.  
4.  Bite into the comfort of a warm donut.  
5.  Contrast with the spicey, steamy and moist chicken and its crispy shell.  Don't forget to lick fingers.

Enjoy Food-gasm.
Staff was super friendly and the donuts were actually as good as they were hyped up to be! My hot and fancy donut melted in my mouth.  I bought a dozen to bring to work and we greedily sampled them all.  Chocolate-raspberry, pistachio-orange blossom, key lime, and nutella-tehina-pomegranate were all fun to eat, flavorful, and satisfying.  

Ideally, there would be more seating, but I'm sure they have reasons for keeping it limited.  

I'm jealous of residents in that area. They get to smell sugary goodness in the morning and fried deliciousness in the afternoon.
There's something heavenly about Saturday mornings that involve a corner doughnut shop. A place where you can perch on a countertop stool, drink fresh coffee, and sample a half dozen off-the-griddle doughnuts. 

Sauntering in before the morning rush, we were able to indulge in this simple, blissful experience. Each doughnut tasted better than the previous one (but you have to try the blueberry pancake and strawberry lavender). Yes, you may leave on a cloud of sugar, but it's worth the treat.
I had extremely high hopes for this place but alas it did not meet them.  I can only speak for the donuts and those did not impress me.  

With the warm donuts, I could not discern a difference between the two I tried, although they were different colors.  The "fancy" donuts were not particularly interesting to me.  The consistency was ok and the flavors were not very prominent.  I tried each flavor; the caramel banana was the best.  The donuts here are better than chains but not nearly as delicious as I had hoped.

Ultimately, to me, this is not a donut destination.  I think I have been thoroughly  spoiled by the awesomeness that is Donut Plant in NYC.  Take the train, go there.  I still want to try the fried chicken!
The fried chicken really is one of the best I've had in the city. My friend and I got in line after hearing the raves about their Korean fried chicken. We got the Za'atar seasoning per an employee's recommendation and it was phenomenal. Obsessed with the Japanese pickles and honey donut that they come with. It's the perfectly flavored meal. Worth every penny! I'm craving just writing this review. 

Though upon another visit, my only gripe is that the fancy donuts are not really my cup of tea. The flavors are so creative and I want to appreciate them but I'm not the biggest fan. I'd choose Frangelli's or Suzy Jo's over Federal (plus they're cheaper).
Gourmet donuts and fried chicken. I needn't say more. Well ok, if you insist, I'll say a *little* bit more...

Get there after 11:30 am, which will be perfect timing for the last of their gourmet donuts and put in one of the first orders for their fried chicken. They start taking fried chicken orders at 11:45, and your second course will come out right on time after you finish your dessert course. Hard to say which course would categorize as the entree though.... the airy, surprisingly flavorful cake donuts? or the crispy, smack-in-your-face flavorful fried chicken? Both will fill you up.

Judging on Federal Donuts' popularity, I mistakenly thought that service would be pretentious, but the one girl holding down the fort at the counter was helpful in explaining the menu, patient when we were indecisive (although, let's admit, we just got all the flavors), and made us chuckle by calling out our order with "Team Ryan!!".

5 stars for creativity and good execution and being unpretentious at the same time.
Very good interesting doughnuts at this local chain. Be aware (since it is easy to miss!) that some flavors are made to order while others are not. I (accidentally) opted for two premade ones: a peanut butter malt and a pastelito (guava and cream cheese) one. The pastelito was a little too sour for me, although it did a nice job of cutting through the sweetness. The peanut butter malt one was simultaneously rich and tender and I adored it. The don't serve chicken until 11am, so I didn't get to try that. Next time, I'll have to try the chicken and the hot doughnuts!
Usually I try to put a little more creativity into these reviews, but all that is going through my mind is how mind-blowingly delicious the Harissa Chicken is.  

Like most people, the first time I visited Federal Donuts I left empty handed.  The online buzz surrounding the grand opening resulted in a depletion of donuts by 9am and chickens by 12:15pm.  However, I had more luck the last three times I have visited.

The donuts are all great, especially the fresh, hot options (my wife says the Vanilla Lavender is the best...hard to argue).  But the chickens are, soundly, the best I have ever eaten.  The chile-garlic glazed was the perfect balance of sweet and spicy and perfectly tender.  Its reign as the best chicken I had ever tasted lasted for about four minutes, when I tasted the Harissa.  Slightly smokey with just the right amount of spice, and the crispiest skin!  Perfection!

Fringe benefit: when you order a chicken, they serve it broken down in to parts so you do not have to tear at it like a savage.
I revisited FedNuts last week to try their 6-piece chicken wings, and for what feels like the zillionth time, they failed to disappoint.  A patron asked the gentleman serving the food and working the register what "type" he liked best, as an assortment of dry seasonings and wet glazes are available for your chicken, though you can also order them "naked."  He responded, "They're all phenomenal, but Chile Garlic is my favorite."  That was all the persuasion I needed to reorder my favorite glaze.  As I waited for my number to be called, the two cooks in the kitchen looked up at me, on separate occasions, and smiled.  There's something really nice, almost indescribable even, about individuals working in a lightning fast-paced environment but still taking a second to greet the customer.  Likewise, the cashier made quick side conversation with me when I asked for something additional to my order though he was clearly swamped.  Such friendly folks here!!  When I got my order, I raced home, spread the contents on my coffee table, and basked in the aroma of Chile Garlic.  As usual, the wings were impossibly juicy and tender, the skin crisp despite a wet glaze, and the glaze itself - as good as it gets.  Note: Chile Garlic implies both spice and garlic breath.  Each chicken wing was actually a combination of the V-shaped wing and the drumstick-like portion you usually get in an order of wings but still connected.  In other words, each FedNut wing is really a combo of 2 wings still unseparated - and when you order 6, you're getting 12.  Beautiful.  I think you should all run, or rent a jet, and get yourselves to Federal Donuts a.s.a.p.  This place never disappoints.
I had heard of this place for some time but never ventured out to taste. So I finally caved and boy was it worth it. I have to say that my favorite location is the one on 2nd St. I tried a couple of donuts and they were really good. My favorite was the carmel banana. To be honest they are all petty yummy.

The best thing they serve here is the fried chicken. It's so good. They serve half and while chicken as well as wings. Be sure to get there early if you want wings. They only make a certain amount each day but if they run out you can always settle for a half chicken. It's golden crisp on the outside and so moist inside. They always have a couple of different flavors. I'm partial to the coconut-curry and the chili garlic. Every time I have gone the chicken has been spot on. Can't go wrong here.
I have been looking forward to the opening of FD for a long time!  I live nearby, and fried chicken is about my favorite food.
Finally went today, and was one of the lucky people who got chicken!
The buttermilk chicken was very good- super-crispy and I can't wait to try the other flavors.
Loved the Japanese pickles, and the donut was a nice finish.
My main issue- and it is a pretty big one- I ordered half a chicken.  To me that means 1 each of a breast, thigh, wing and leg, and I always save the thigh for last.  When I got home I had two legs, and two breast pieces, no wing and no thigh!!  WHAT???
And what's with the prices going up ($1 for a half and $2 for a whole) 4 days after opening???

I am definitely going back- the chicken is great!  But my advice to all is check the box before you leave.
Federal Donuts does 3 things: donuts, coffee, chicken. If a business only does 3 things, they better be on point and pretty much perfect.
So going down Federal Donuts' list.... 

Check, check, check. Mission accomplished.

Your next breakfast mission: get a little bit everything. The menu changes up so get whatever strikes your fancy. If you're getting donuts, coffee is required with the donuts. I couldn't care less if you're a tea person. Coffee is required. 

Your next mission impossible: Chicken is available after 11am, so keep begging the morning crew until the bosses hear about all the gluttons that want chicken sandwiches for breakfast. Cuz who wants fried chicken for breakfast? ME!!! Who else? Eeeeeeverybody. Even the vegetarians that don't know better.
