I lived in Philadelphia when Fergie's opened and I have fond memories of this place. I've played many rounds of Quizzo here, had many pints with friends, and even took my boss to dinner. I usually went for dishes like burgers or fish and chips, and they never disappointed.

I returned during the Eagles victory parade and I was happy to see that Fergie's hadn't changed. Still no TV's! They still had Yards on tap, one of my favorites and which is unavailable where I live. A friendly patron bought my friend and me a round (I was playing the "flew in from California" card a lot that day) and we even got a picture with Fergie himself.

We weren't hungry, but I saw some items on the menu that I don't remember from the 90's like the seitan steak sandwich and other vegetarian and vegan items. Good job, Fergie's!

Check out their website: "A traditional Irish Pub serving pub fare and local beers to satisfy any taste." If this sounds like your kind of place, then you should check out Fergie's.
So, it's around 6:00 on a Saturday evening, I'm leaving Finn McCool's for the subway and a visit to my oldest younger brother's new house in south philly as the cap for what has been an absolutely fantastically fun, beer and rain-soaked day with another of my brothers, and what do I see? no, not shorter sentences-- a sandwich board advertising a live band in Fergie's! Oh, who would have thought this day could get any better? Needless, to say we dipped in and it did! I saw the sign above the door as we sat down and remembered that Bebe's had moved here, too! Talk about Joy of joys and instant hunger pangs!

I ordered the mac and cheese, bro ordered a pulled pork sandwich and side of fries. Regretfully, at this point in our day my belly was so full of beer that I couldn't handle the unbelievably creamy cheesiness of the traditional, though absolutely phenomenal, mac and cheese so my brother ended up eating it. Fortunately, I got to devour his fries instead (my second favorite appetizer/side after mac and cheese) and they ranked right up there with the best of them. In fact, i might have to go back tomorrow night and see if they were as thickly handcut, salty and crunchy and filled with explosive potatoey lava as i remember... Service was friendly and very prompt and, beng so early on a Saturday night, the bar was not quite full. Food came out extremely quickly, and not just for us, either.

Ultimately, Fergies is Fergies-- great beers, good food, good times had by all. Fergies with Bebe's BBQ? great beers, outstanding food, better times had by all. Fergies with Bebe's BBQ *and* a cool bunch of people gathered around a big table drinking beers and playing irish music with pennywhistles, fiddles, mandolins, and even a concertina-- incredibly awesome ...

p.s. in fact, it's probably only that the band lacked a bodhran that kept me from giving them that elusive 5th star...
Fergie's is a great Irish pub that I only end up at every once in a while, but every time I do, I'm happy. Recently, I went for a meet-the-brewer event. The subject brew was Allagash, and every style I tried tasted super fresh and went down like water. 

Now that the kitchen is being run by Mark Coates of Bebe's BBQ, I'm anxious to go back for dinner one night. I was lucky enough to sample a few bites of brisket, and the smoke flavor was off the charts. I can't wait to return with a full appetite and unleash my inner carnivore.
This is a good, old fashioned, what you see is what you get pub. No fancy gimmicks a la Stephen Starr, no hipster heaven like Silk City, and no dive bar like the Glinch. Fergie's is a place you'd feel equally comfortable bringing your spouse, best friend or family member. Hell, you could probably come here on a work outing (provided your co-workers enjoyed drinking good beer and chomping on delicious food).

Once again I have found a place where I can order my beloved Framboise...mix it with Hoegarten on tap to make a Dirty Ho, the best drink ever!

I was here on a recent Saturday night, and had the pleasure of overhearing some real doozies (including a "girls night out" group ordering a truckload of lemon drops), but one stood out as my favorite. I will leave you with it:

Confused, offended looking woman to bored looking guy: "It smells like BEER in here!"

...And scene...
Fergie's is one of the few bars in this city where I would take my parents. Now, that isn't a bad thing, because it's also a good place for a plethroa of scenarios whether it's your first date with someone, or you're just looking for a nice place to chill out and relax (or maybe get completely tanked, but remember, be good about that. I might have my parents there with me and they don't need to see that) with your friends and that's why, even though I rarely venture out of W. Philly these days, it's up there as one of my favorite center city bars.

In lieu of Chrissy R's post about the establishment not having a television, this is one of my favorite features about the bar. I find it very distracting when there is nothing but flashing media all around me. Sometimes you just want to go to a place where you can really just talk with whomever you're hanging with and some of my best (albeit tipsy) conversations have taken place over the tables at Fergie's. If you want a sport's bar, there are dozens of them all over the city. Fergie's is just an all around great place to eat and drink and talk. 

The bar itself isn't tiny, but it's not a place where you're going to find a huge DJ night booked (although, I have witnessed a few drunk people clumsily dance in front of the jukebox.) Essentially, it's exactly what it calls itself, a "pub."

I'm always happy to be able to walk into a bar that has a great mixed crowd. You run into all sorts at Fergies; preps, hipsters, office drones (well, they're not so droney once they get a few drinks in them), college students, senior citizens bopping their head along to the great jukebox selection...really, I always have fun people watching here.
I've been here a few times before and sat in the downstairs area. The food is decent pub food, the prices are reasonable, but the service is terrible. In a small establishment, there is no excuse for your waiter to never check on you- they can see you from behind the bar counter.

The ultimate reason I will be frequenting this place much less is my latest experience with Thursday night Quizo. The quizo itself was fine, a decent host, but the service was horrendous. It took our waitress about an hour to get around to us, we ordered a few drinks and an appetizer. She suddenly became much more attentive as we got closer to the end of the quizo, when she informed us that it was a $10 minimum per person, and we were only halfway there. with one round left. We ordered an obligatory pitcher, which none of us actually wanted (we had each already had a drink and had to work the next morning). The most frustrating part was not that this rule existed, but that we were not made aware of it until near the end of our visit.
The best part about the stain on my shirt from last night's west side pulled pork sam-itch was that I could taste the sauce again this morning. Thanks to Fergie's, Bebe's BBQ, ever elusive for me when I tried to taste it back on 9th street, has finally found a welcoming home in my belly. The pork was tender and juicy, while still possessing a touch of that crispiness I crave, plus a potent smokey flavor (in a great way). The only thing that could have made this sandwich a tad better for me would have been a thicker and spicier sauce. Regardless, I am now quite eager to come back and try the east side version. 

We popped into this very cool spot for a bite to eat after the Philly Scavenger hunt this past Saturday (cough, we won the hunt, cough, cough), only to be pleasantly surprised to find a group of musicians jammin' away with some folk music, squeeze box and all; it felt like one of those old time Ireland pubs you see in the movies. Very relaxed and friendly atmosphere, as always, and the food was tasty as ever. I actually think the mac and cheese I had last night may well be the best I've had anywhere in a very long time; it comes with a generous amount of cheddar cheese, with a good helping in shell form on top (no bread crumbs here). The Fergie fries are also top notch; hand cut and perfectly salty. 

Oddly enough, my favorite part about Fergie's isn't actually anything found inside, rather, look outside to the adjacent parking lot where you will find a giant face mural on the side of the building. I have spent many an hour admiring that interesting piece of artwork, so I recommend you at least give it a peek, then maybe stop inside for a bevie or two. Of course, if you're in the bar drinking, you really ought to give the food a shot. If you do all that, you will definitely not go home disappointed
"Can I ask why we're getting southern food at an Irish pub?"

Your confusion, like my roommate's, can be excused if you don't know the back story of how Fergie got its southern twang. After the cork was put in Bebe's in the Italian market, the flow of Mark Coates' Carolina-meets-Memphis take on barbecue was shut off. Rather than cut off Philly from some of the best BBQ in a BBQ-starved town, Dixie had to fall in love with Irish Eyes.

The result is the West Carolina BBQ pork getting a new lease on life and remaining excellent. The meat is tender and the sauce doesn't compromise flavor for the sake of heat. It is a little spicy so if that's not your thing, go Puff Daddy and Notorious BIG style and get the Eastern version.

The service is great, and yes, they have fried pickles. Only thing: Am I in a fantastic dive bar or an Irish pub? Classic, dark, pub wood meets an odd orange and black ceiling with two bucks presiding over the patrons. Thankfully the clash of cultures works famously with the food.
The drinks can be on the pricey side, but the atmosphere and staff are always top notch. Fergie's also has really good food.
but I like Fergie's for a lot of the events it has going on. It has one of the best open mic nights in he city, and I have seen a lot of incredible Philly musicians play it. It also has a good number of free concerts going on. the sound isn't always the best, but it's what you would expect for a free bar show. I've even seen a Fringe Festival play on the upper floor before.
and Fergie is a real  nice guy and always fun to talk to. I wish his Philly Weekly column would make  a come back.
In a city as large as Philadelphia, we are blessed with variety.

We have tons of grocery stores and outlets, so we don't need Walmart.  We have Reading Terminal Market, Pho Ha, and Parc, so we don't need Max & Erma's.  And we have Fergie's, McGillin's, and Stateside, so we don't need Buffalo Wild Wings.

Fergie's food isn't worth 5 stars, you aren't likely to see the Who's Who? of Philadelphia there on any given night, they never have dollar-draft specials, and the patrons don't give a shit about your spikey hair or undersized t-shirt.

So, why 5 stars?

Show me another place downtown where I can drink beer and listen to legitimate and fantastic Irish music -- live -- every Saturday, and I'll delete this review.
I miss Fergie!  His pub was my staple stomping ground when I lived in Philly.  This is no fly-by-night bar, it's been tempered through the years with great folks, amazing food, and an owner who has the uncanny ability of remembering your name even if you've only been by once.

The pub itself is warm and inviting (legend has it that the dark wood panels on the walls are from an Irish ship).  This is where to go if you want to make friends in Philly.  Period.  And they have Quizzo (I still have a quizzo t-shirt from the time I won a tie-breaker by knowing what "fiat lux" was).  Gooood times.
I seem to always end up at Fergie's Pub not really intending to go there in the first place.  It's usually after having a ludicrous amount of sweet and tangy margaritas from El Vez next door that we end up at Fergie's.  Actually, I ended up there on my birthday last year too.  

They always have awesome bartenders there, my birthday is a little foggy, but I do remember them buying me shots.  Which was, um, awesome!  Drinks all together are not too expensive there either, $3.75 for a pint of Lager and $5.00 for some deece vodka shots.  

I've never had the food here but whenever I look over there are always some people thoroughly enjoying their burgers and nachos.  I should check it out next time.  

Last Monday I was there and they had Open Mic night upstairs.  Very loud experimental music going on.  Um, that with lotsa margarita jammin' throughyour veins could seriously cause an aneurysm.  I much prefer the downstairs area where you can sit, chat and catch up with old friends.
Fergie's is one of many Irish pubs in town. I once tried to put together my own Irish Pub crawl, making me realize just how many Philly has. Fergie's is definitely on the more upscale side of Philadelphia's Irish pub scene. 

Their draft and bottle list is way more sophisticated than Guinness alone. Not just that, but they care about the Philly craft beer scene, and craft beer scene in general. I was lucky enough to hear Sam Calagione of Dogfish Head speak there a few months back. 

As far as food goes, think of pub food with a gourmet twist.  They have the classics like wings and burgers, but then add a little something-something. My grilled cheese with bacon on ciabatta hit the spot for sure the other night. 

Fergie's is definitely a standout from my local Irish pub needs.
Don't complain about the lack of televisions, just go somewhere else to watch the Phils beat up on the Mets. The bartenders on excellent as are the regulars (many of them authentic auld side boys) This a conversation bar and a great place to meet people. Open mic monday nights is one of the best in the city. Drinks are a bit pricey but worth it. Fergie is the bearded, shabby dressed man who always looks like he's in a rush. Be good or be gone.
This is one of the best places to go for Quizzo, which is held upstairs at Fergie's Pub every Tuesday and Thursday at 9 pm. If you want to come here for Quizzo, I'd recommend you get here and try to secure a table by 8:30, because the place can fill up very quickly. Most teams are made up of 4-6 people, and range from young to slightly middle aged. It's a ton of fun and should be experienced with a small group of friends. Simply put, it's a good pub that's inviting and full of nice people.
Ok, let's set something straight. I am Irish, a little. My husband, he is Irish..a LOT....like a whole lot... 

Back when we first started dating we dug Fergies for the fish and chips and access to some different, moderately priced beers that were a change from the basic lagers we would get while we were out. The atmosphere was always a bit prep, which I grew out of once I hit 23yrs as it was a mere fashion statement of my late adolescence (Abercrombie and Polo anyone? Yea, I did that once.), but the open mic night was very reminiscent of something I would sneak into during my teenage years. I'm a child of the alternative 90's, what can I say? Bars with kid strumming guitars always give me good vibes. Makes me think of what college should have been like. 

As I got older and matured I was happy that Fergies for the most part stayed the same. The nights with the live music, especially the traditional band,  are something I always try to get visiting friends to see and the fact that they are without television is a HUGE factor in luring me in some nights...let's face it, I can't do the huge crowd of lawyers and frat boys in McGillians all the time so it is nice to have somewhere quiet just around the corner. 

The decor is rustic and dark, everything old, fine handcrafted wood. Minimal lighting, a little bit of art, and a mixture of the old salts and happening young fashionistas make it suitable for anyone. It's a place you can bring business, friends, parents, out of towners, and still feel comfortable. The food is always great, although I wish their shepherd's pie was lamb rather than beef. Always make sure you check the specials before ordering because there is always something out of the ordinary that makes you taste buds do little happy dances on your tongue. 

I was upset in seeing that they took Harp off of the tap at my last visit  (when I go out I tend to only order draft beers....lack of waste and the fresher taste..hey that rhymed) and I refuse on paying nearly $6 for a bottle of the beer. Instead they are replacing the normal taps with  little things like local brews, which I love - don't get me wrong- but when I go to an Irish bar I want Irish food and Irish beer...beer that is NOT Guiness! I can get Guiness anywhere and it sucks.

Aside from that there really is no reason to give it a shot. If you keep your drinking to a minimum you can eat and grab one or two for about $20 but once you start downing those $6 drafts forget it.
I could tell you they have awesome food... but I don't like to lie (that much).
I could say their service is top-notch... but alas it isn't.
I could claim its cooler than the dive bar look its going for... but it isn't.

Don't get me wrong, you could probably have a good time at Fergie's. After reading other reviews, I might even be back myself to give Quizzo a shot.  Still, don't plan your night around Fergie's - if it happens, it happens.
Fergie has one of the best pubs in the city. There are many beers on tap in this cozy dive bar. And even thou it is a dive bar, the food is outstanding. Their veggie burger and Vegan Steak Sandwich are both very good.

They have live performances in this bar upstairs. Their Live Band Karaoke is a must see. This is amazing fun and it's always great when Fergie himself takes the stage. They also have an outdoor spot when the weather is nice.
What is the quickest way into my heart you ask? Playing some good ole Irish music (oh and talking with a brogue doesn't hurt either).  During my visit there were three guys in the back playing some tunes that made me want to get up and step dance.  

Fergie's is your typical divey Irish pub and I loved it for everything it was and wasn't.  The bartender was friendly and on top of her game as far as keeping us happy with food and drink.  The fried pickles were yummy (my first time) and the nachos with pulled pork were bomb, but kind of gave me indigestion afterward which kind of sucked (could have also been a combination of all the booze I had also consumed in the last 24 hours as well).

This is a no BS kind of place if you just want to have some fun without any pretension.
This is a pretty solid all-around bar with a friendly open mic night on Mondays. They have beer and whiskey and some pretty decent pierogies. You won't spend an arm and a leg on a night out here and, try as I might, I can't find any weaknesses to this place. I really am trying to find something I hate here, something to rage on or dislike. I'm searching the angry, contemptuous parts of myself in an attempt to nitpick. 

Oh yeah, I don't like how I have to pass by a bunch of stacked chairs on the way to the upstairs bathroom. For a moment, I thought I was going to bump into them and knock one or more chairs over. Yeah, take that, Fergie's.
Fergie's has quizzo at 8pm on Tuesdays. Our group of 6 arrived at 7pm so we could get a table, and grabbed beers while we waited. There was a private event happening upstairs until 8pm, so we had to stay downstairs until it was over. A big crowd of people were gathering at the bottom of the stairs, and right at 8pm they started letting people up. People were pouring in from outside and it was a mad race for tables. By the time we got upstairs through the crowds, there were no tables left. After waiting one hour for quizzo, we had to leave and go somewhere else. They need a better system for this, or not have events that end at 8pm when their quizzo starts at 8.
Great bar to stop in if you're in the neighborhood! Came around 5ish on a Saturday night right before the crowds and was able to grab a table. The bar was full already but there aware a few tables up for grabs. Looks like there were people also going upstairs but I didn't scope it out myself.

Bar with food.. cozy spot to chill and warm up from the Philly winters. Their food menu looked great! We didn't order a meal but the food coming out smelled and looked amazing. Heard they have brunch here too which I'll have to come back and check out eventually. We did order some fries just to munch on something with our beers. It came with this cheese sauce that was yummy!

Service was great! Not sure about all the poor reviews with service, but if you come to a bar in Philly on a busy night, you would expect there to be a longer wait. Oh well.. we had no problem with service!!
I would say this is hands down the worst bar I have ever been to. I didn't eat any food, so I can't comment on that, and the draft selection was average. The service was so beyond atrocious, however, that I will never go back. We, a group of 6, arrived at 8 PM for the quizzo that started at 9. All of the tables were taken already, and many by just one person sitting there to hold the table for their friends, which doesn't really seem fair. Most restaurants won't seat a table of 6 with only one person actually present. Anyway, the waitress suggests to us that we take chairs from the hallway and sit at the piano, so we do. Within one minute of sitting there another waitress comes over and complains to us about how we are in her way and need to push ourselves in more, which was not physically possible. She then proceeded to be obviously irritated with us for being there, despite the fact that we were told to sit there by the other waitress. She literally stepped on my feet no less than 5 times, never apologized once. I was moving them back as far as I could to keep them out of her way, I understand the place was packed and she was trying to do her job, but there was no more space for me to move either. I understand accidentally bumping into a customers feet once or twice but it almost felt like she was doing it on purpose. My friend sitting next to me also had her chair shoved by the other waitress when she passed by, again no apology. The 2 of us decided to leave and asked if we could have the check for our 2 beers since the rest of the group was staying, and spent at least a solid minute explaining to the waitress that we were leaving, which two beers we had and could we please pay for these. Of course the check comes out for the whole groups drinks, including those who were planning on staying. We left $35 for the $33 check (which in my opinion was a more than generous tip for being physically trampled for 20 minutes). The waitress actually asked my friends for more money to cover the bill when we left, what a joke. I will never go back again.
This is only a review for the quizzo: I like it, but it's not my cup of tea i suppose. Perhaps I should bring out my edition of "Trivial Pursuit" and brush up? This quizzo is more or less knowledge-based than pop culture-based. And not to mention that upstairs gets REALLY crowded for such a small space for quizzo nights, so be there on time!!
I was really excited for this visit to Fergies because I'd heard many good reviews from friends. I guess it was an off night for the server but it was a pretty bad experience for me. First off, the beers are way overpriced. I'd rather go to another bar and pay half their prices for the same beer. Anyways, we decide to have a couple and order some food. About 25 minutes goes by and I ask the waitress where my food is. She completely forgot to order it for us. She said our next drinks would be on her. The food was so-so but I ate it because I was hungry. When we were paying our bill at last call, we asked her about that "free" drink. It was too late for her to order us anything so she went back and poured us shots of straight well vodka. Gross. I could do without Fergies again.
On a Center City Sips Wednesday, we wanted to drink in Center Silly. Silly rabbit.

We walked into--then promptly walked out of--a few bars with throngs of drunken businesspeople and gussied up girls falling all over each other to get a watered down beverage for $4. Then we ended up at Fergies.

What I like about Fergie's is that it's  WYSIWYG. It doesn't pretend to be anything other than what it is--an honest-to-god Irish pub with moderately-priced alcohol, decent pub food, and a crowd of regular people.

It has a great beer selection, some board games and events upstairs (big Quizzo hangout) and it has a dark, dungeonly feel, so if you're ever on a date with someone you're slightly embarrassed to be seen with, you can drink here and go totally unnoticed.
A down and out good pub. There aren't many left that pull it off like Fergie's. Lets begin with the fact that there is no television. i love it. people have to actually interact! imagine that! Add to that the classiness of the bartenders. I was there the other night after a large meal and was feeling that if i put anything else but water in my stomach i would throw up. Gentleman had a single beer and i sipped water at the bar for an hour, and we were left completely alone. No comments, no eye rolling, just a good solid bartender who kept my water filled. They are correct in calling themselves a pub because it is not a bar. There is a friendly atmosphere and a down home feeling that make me wish Fergie's was in west Philly so that it could be my corner pub.
Went here for quizzo on Thursday. It was very well attended - finding parking and a seat was a challenge! Pulled pork nachos were very tasty, though I asked for no jalepenos and they were still present. A white Russian helped cool my burning mouth. This bar's quizzo is very challenging. My friend and I enjoyed ourselves and will probably return.
First I need to get this out of the way: People tend to make a big deal about Fergie's not having televisions.  It is because he got in trouble showing some boxing match without the proper licensing and said "fuck it" and got rid of them.  Grace Tavern another of his bars for example has televisions ;).  It was no posey marketing scheme people make it out to be.  

I love Fergie's so much.  Great  pub grub and a super friendly staff most of the time.  I hadn't been for ages and I went back for the second yelp meetup and it was like an old friend.  Even though Fergie-claus was no where to be found.
Second attempt at 9pm Thursday quizzo, and again it was a bust! We arrived around 8:30, but it was too late. Quizzo is only offered in their upstairs bar area which is utilized to maximize patronage, but clearly fills up quickly. I was a little irritated, because two tables had enough space to accommodate our group, but the patrons sitting there were "saving" the seats. I'm not sure if the pub can do more to moderate this, but I found it annoying. 

Nevertheless, our group snagged a table downstairs and ordered some drinks and food. This time I gave the Pierogies of the day ($6) a try - bacon and apple. They were DELICIOUS! I was a little disappointed in the portion size, but it was one of the cheapest food items on the menu, and they were so very tasty. My friends ordered the vegetarian cheesesteak and the hot roast beef sandwich. They were both satiated, and said great things about the food! I can say, I was pretty jealous - both sandwiches LOOKED delicious, as well!

Hopefully the third time is a charm with quizzo. Next time I'll make a note to arrive earlier.
Fergie's is awesome. 

It isnt the fancy hip spot. It doesnt have foie gras on the menu. There's no dance floor on the second floor. 

There's only awesome food, fantastic beers & great people in a comfortable environment. 

I hadnt been to Fergies in a few years when I came back a few weeks ago. I forgot how much I love it there. They serve brunch now! And with Philly Fair Trade Roasters coffee?! Oh yeah! My wife got the Breakfast Burrito, while I got the pepper & egg sandwich with Sly Fox Beer cheese. Unreal, a real true Philly classic!

If youre in Center City Philly and need a cozy, chill spot, Fergies is the go-to!
I don't like Irish-themed bars.

However, with Fergies, it'll probably just be like a pub you'd step into in Ireland.  That means there aren't any gigantic, pretentious green shamrocks plastered everywhere and signs trying to convince you that you're in the most authentic Irish pub possible.  There are no televisions so the focus is with you, your drink, and your mates.  I'm not sure why every other "Irish" pub is basically a sports bar that decorated for the 17th of March.

I usually come for quizzo on Thursday.  You can place first and second to win money off your tab (50$ and 25$ respectively), which is so clutch if you're smart.  You'd definitely want to win that, because $4 for Yuengling and Yards PPA is a bit much.  Also, the small draft list never rotates and there usually aren't any drink specials.  Some friends told me beer is quite expensive in Dublin, I guess there is true authenticity here.
Stopped by for a quick beer between sessions of pouring wine at the Philly Wine Festival.  
They have informal and live Irish music Saturdays between 4 and 7, no cover. 
Perhaps more importantly, they offer cask conditioned beer!  I had a Noddinghead Grog, which was delicious but hard to quantify, somewhere between a mild and amber, it was quite dark and malty with a pronounced sweetness.  Friendly and patient wait staff, too.
when my friend said 'irish pub' for dinner, i had a certain something in mind. visually it's got all the accoutrements of every 'irish pub' from dublin to dubai, it's got the guinness, it's got drunk folks, ok. the menu on the other hand is very unexpected, all kinds of unirishy stuff like SALADS and SPRING ROLLS?!?!? i stuck with the shepherds pie, i needed nourishment after my long day of travel.
One of  my favorite little bars that has been there forever and never changes.  Solid food, good brews, good service, and the original (and hardest) Quizzo in town!
Meh....

You got to love an Irish pub that has better specials on Miller and Coors light then it soes on actual Irish Beer... It aint too bad here though. Its a nice place with a little "old school" charm. ish.
I was here last night and the service wasn't just horrible, it was offensive. The bartender upstairs was screaming at the top of her lungs at people when they would do basic things like ask her for a beer. Last time I checked, serving beer was a regular part of being a bartender. If you hate your job, it's your problem. Don't make it everyone's problem.
Really had high hopes but it was a disappointment. Service was terrible. Waited forever for drinks when bartender wasn't busy. Saw multiple parties walk out because they were being ignored. Other Irish bars in the area are way more customer friendly!
Went there on a friday sat outside. Cocktails were alright gin and tonic for 11$. I give only 2 stars bc the staff just acted like we were annoying them the whole time.  Our waitress didnt smile or greet us when she came to the table. When we asked about any bestseller shots she sortof rolled her eyes and said" we have a full bar so..." 
Maybe I'm old fashioned but I expect service in the hospitality industry to be way better. I mean i can make a cocktail at home i pay for the experience...
As a native Dubliner, let me tell you that this is only pub in Philadelphia that feels like an Irish pub.  Great bar, pub grub and friendly people.  Always good music happening upstairs and an informal Irish music session on Saturday afternoons.
I'm a fan of Fergie's.

For the location, the prices are great, the food's tasty (even if perogies aren't super thematic), and they have kickass live music on Sunday evenings. Score on multiple fronts, there.

On the "bro to chill" scale for measuring Irish pubs, Fergie's has definitely been on the more chill side every time I've been. Which, again, is a nice change of pace from much the rest of the Gayborhood.

Duck in for a nightcap or whiskey or five.
Fergie's is a pub that simply doesn't try to do more than it should do. And, what it does, it does very well.  
Starting off with a friendly greeting from Fergie himself, we were directed away from the "coldest table in the house" toward one removed from the front door and that night's winter elements.  Good man yourself Fergie!
The menu is limited, and as a pub, it really should be. This keeps the kitchen from trying to overreach.  As a result the food that the kitchen produces is done well.  
The Fergie's burger was cooked perfectly to order, well seasoned, and garnished with cheese that had some nice bite to it, Guinness shallots, and Irish whiskey aioli.  The "brioche" bun tasted nothing like butter, which is standard for commercially made "brioche." This masterpiece was a bargain at $12.  
The fish and chips ($14) was equally well executed.  Fergie keeps it real by serving cod for his fish and chips, although the fish was most likely frozen at some point, it was not dried out or falling apart. 
Both plates came with absolutely perfectly prepared french fries.  It is not difficult to cook fries right, it's just unusual to find them done right. 
There is a fine selection of Irish whiskeys, and of course Guinness. This too, was not your average Guinness.  Many places in town will pour you a pint, but again, it is unusual to find it served at the right temperature. 
Live music can be found upstairs, with traditional on weekends. 
The atmosphere is casual and fun.  It doesn't look like any pub in Ireland that I've been to, but who cares? Everything else ought to make you glad to be there.
DISGUSTING! SUCH POOR SERVICE. Went there on vacation..ordered some drinks. I had a conversation with a fellow patron and we had a difference of opinion. She told me they if she didn't stop talking to me, she would start yelling. She told my friend that I'm an a-hole behind my back. Afterwards, the bartender, who was about 6'4 with brown hair and a mustache, told my friend, my girlfriend, and I to leave because we upset his friend. When I paid my tab I asked for my change and he gave it to me in quarters. I've never been treated so poorly in my life. This guy is a rude and disrespectful person. Avoid this place, especially if he is working.
I like this place! They have quizzo on Tuesdays at 8 PM and Thursdays at 9 PM and their food is yummy! I had the roast beef sandwich with french fries and au jus. Very good! The boyf had the Irish breakfast, which is served all day, and loved it. Also tried the wings in the house sauce, good and spicy, and the fried pickles, which were not really what I was expecting (just dredged in flour and fried, rather than battered and fried). Its a nice, chill, neighborhood pub close to my house and I'll definitely be back.
Ive been here thrice in my life.  Twice when it was early afternoon/happy hour and one for open mic Monday.  Superior ambiance and exquisite food.  Excellent selection of wines nd beers.  Id suggest this place for a dinner date on a wednesday or thursday
oh, fergie's!! in the last 3 years, i feel like we've been neglecting you so.

your food is wonderful and comforting, your bar selection myriad and lovely, your patrons entertaining!

plus, you've had some damn good bluegrass & traditional irish music there. good times, every one.

god bless the nachos.
It is not modern. 
It is not swank.  
There aren't TVs. 
There are people, laughing and talking. It feels real.

There was an Irish band that came in with fiddles, ordered some pints and just played music at their table. It was busy but easy. I felt like I was back in Ireland. I haven't had their foods, but their beers are poured proper. 

THEY TAKE CARDS. Also, the bar-tending ladies are cool and fast. 

I'll be back.
I went here a couple of nights ago for a late dinner. The place is definitely old school with a touch of divey, but in a good way and not in the disgusting smelly ass Oscar Tavern way.  Lots of dark wood on the walls, wood floors and wooden tables.  Sounds from a jukebox greeted me as I entered. The floor staff(well really one waitress) didn't seem too attentive at first, since I had to stand around for a minute or two before finally going up to a bartender and asking if they were still serving. I was directed to a table and subsequently a waitress took my order for Hoegaarden.  Aahhhh pint of wheat beer goodness. I love thee so.

 The pint came out pretty quickly, but gave me just enough time to decide. I ended up getting (insert shock and awe) a burger with carmelized onions and provolone. It was a 1/2lb pile of tastiness with well done carmelized onions.  The fries that came along with it were pretty good too, crispy yet not over cooked. They also didn't taste old, so they weren't sitting around half a night waiting for some poor sap. 

All in all I was pretty satisfied. Nice laid back atmosphere, good music(mostly, it was jukebox driven so you never know when some wingnut is going to bust out with a craptastic song), and pretty good food. I"ll probably be back next time I work late and need dinner.
Cute two story bar, with better food than a lot of the non-gastro pub bars. Veggie seitan wings are pretty great. The fun-ness of this bar is that they have a great staff and daily events like Quizo, Open Mic Nite and my new favorite thing: Live Band Karoake. A nice challenge for you above-average karoake singers. Live band is hard yo. You gotta know the music cues to your song because there's no bouncy ball letting you know the beat of the lyrics. But it totes makes you feel like a rockstar.
Oh hell yes.

I met my longtime friend here for beers last night.  She couldn't have picked a better spot.  Perfect quintessential Irish pub, an easy walk from our layover hotel.  

I also invited one of my crew members to go there with me, and we also met up with another flight attendant who happens to live in Philly, as well.  They both enjoyed the ambiance too.

My friend Bobby asked me: What kind of beer did you get?
Me:  I am not entirely sure.  I just looked for the one with the highest ABV%
Bobby: Brilliant. 

They were having a band set up as we were leaving (it was a fairly early night, as my friend came right from her job).  They also had a full buffet set up, as well!  I think they were celebrating some event, but I'm uncertain what it was.  Looked like fun, but we were on to our next venue.  This will be a stop from now on when I lay over in Philadelphia.
Nothing fancy, but a great bar for snowy day drinking.  The fries are awesome too.   Enough said.
French onion is fantastic and the service is great. Pretty small place but looking forward to trying more food when I come back.
I went to support my friends band last night. She did a fantastic job and the space upstairs is intimate and has great acoustics. I have seen a few things here, and I always like this vendor for live music or entertainment. However, the service we had last night was downright rude. We were waited on by a very pissed off waitress. It got  to the point where I asked for wings and when she snarled at me, i replied with "is that Ok? Am I allowed to do that?" She was really rude to us the entire night, every time we needed a beer, this was an inconvenience, and talking to us was clearly beneath her. All the beers me and my friend kept asking for, Yards, Sly Fox, kept getting tapped so we ended up with a Sierra Nevada on the house. That was cool of her, so I did give her 20% tip on that. However, the beers did not taste very fresh and my wings were burnt. But this may have been just a fluke of the evening, so I will be visiting Fergie's again, especially if they keep bring such good performers in.
Great selection of bottled beers, including Lambic!  Staff was friendly, jukebox had a great selection, and the vibe was good.  There were a few rowdy barely 21 types, but otherwise the patrons were mostly older (30+), chill, and there to have a few drinks and some good conversation.
Really good local bar.  Best staff ever.  I lost my keys once, and the whole staff was really helpful; bought me shots, let me use their phones, even offered me a place to stay.  What else could you ask from a neighborhood bar?
I dig Fergies. It is a real Irish pub with a decent tap list and pretty good food. Unlike many of the other bars in the area, it is usually quiet enough to actually talk to the people you are with. A definite plus. 

I love their events too. My favorite is the Thursday evening Quizzo upstairs. It is for people who are there to really do Quizzo so don't even THINK about using your phone or talking while the questions are being read. Get there early for a table. There is a $10 minimum on food.
A friend and I went here for Quizzo. We lost. However, we did have the highest score per capita. That counts for something, right?

The beer was a little pricier than it should have been ($5 lagers?) and the bartenders/servers were somewhat inattentive. 

We ordered wings which were a bargain at around 7 bucks for 10 huge (and spicy) wings.
Good pub food but our service staff were quite bitchy to be honest. Made us feel really awkward just for stepping into the place and each order we placed (just a round of beers and simple entrees) were a huge burden to her. The reviews are great it seems so I'd like to try it again sometime but not for now.... there are plenty of great places in Philly with great people that I'd rather give my service to.
This is one of my favorite pubs in Philly!  I especially enjoy the Irish band that plays on Saturday afternoons from 4-7PM.  Their beer list is always pretty decent, the food is average, but the overall atmosphere is so warm and inviting, I never want to leave!

The one thing on their menu that we always order and greatly enjoy is their Seitan wings.  We were told that they order in freshly-made Setian, and you can really tell the difference.  They are so delicious!  They pair perfectly with the beers we are generally consuming here :)    

The wait staff is always super friendly, but can be slow at times (when it appears that they are understaffed for a rush of people).  But, overall, we have never left feeling less that super happy.
Good food.  Sit downstairs and have some food and a drink.  Live music upstairs can get loud, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  Friendly neighborhood bar.
Stopped in on Saint Paddy's day for a few pints of Guinness and a bite to eat. 

I love Fergie's. Great beer, great staff, great food.  Always has been a standby for me, one of the great bars for beer lovers in the city and one of the best Irish pubs (right up there with the Bards). There tends to be a diverse crowd here, which I like, meaning I don't have to age into or age out of coming here. 

Bonus Points: Bagpipers playing on Saint Paddy's Day

More Bonus Points: Fergie himself was there the night in question and stepped outside to talk to the bouncer as soon as we were walking in. The bouncer said something along the lines of "I need to see your IDs", not impolitely, and we happily obliged. After we did and were entering the bar, I saw Fergie lean over to the bouncer and say "Make sure you say please when you ask for IDs". Fergie - kudos to you for keeping standards high!
Had a really fun night here on a recent Saturday,  It was a bit quiet when we first arrived (Labor Day weekend) but the staff were friendly and chatted away with us as we sat at the bar.  Nice pour of Guinness here.  At around $7.00 a pint it's a bit more than we're use to at our local in Denver, but that didn't stop us from enjoying. The place filled up more as the evening went on.  We met a great group of people here, saw a good band (Problem Solving) and enjoyed the cozy atmosphere.  Hope we find ourselves again here some day.
I stopped in for a couple of beers with a coworker while visiting for a conference.  We did not eat.  I was disappointed in the beer selection on draft, it was small and lacking diversity.  The service was just okay even though it was pretty empty.
Super cute old fashion pub tucked quite literally underneath some looming new development. This is a great old-school feel which clearly hasn't changed in decades. The food was solid,nice selection, and decent beers on tap. I would've preferred more wheat beer options but I'm not an IPA fan. If you are one then you will be happy. 

My husband enjoyed his grilled cheese and we got fried pickles which were very light and thin sliced the way I like them. The cheese fries with the dill ranch were amazing. Definitely fresh cut potatoes and real melted cheese, not wiz. Really good! 

I had cheesesteak eggrolls which are also surprisingly light and really tasty. Mine came with a salad that would've been great except it was topped with blue cheese. That wasn't mentioned on the menu so I'm always annoyed when that happens because I hate blue cheese and it's hard to pick off. That was my only minor annoyance but overall the staff was great and we had terrific food and beer. I love the fact that there are no TVs everywhere and no loud music. Just a nice place to hang out for a while tucked into Sansom Street.
I love having a strong team for quizzo night, and I love trying new places out because you never know what they'll ask. On the night that team Johnny Foreskin and the Pullbacks cruised into Fergies I had no idea that my brother would whip out "deltoid", or that Akshay would know the first line of Hotel California. I mean, the team was on fire. Why is this relevant? Because the winning team for a Fergie's quizzo night is $50 off the bar tab, how ironic because they also have a $10/pp minimum to stay and play. With five people on the team, a bill totaling $58 for us to order a couple pitchers of beer and some eats, and an epic win, we walked out happily satiated for $5/pp. WINNING!

So in regards to the actual bar....well, it's a great little Irish pub. Dark wood, dark kind of moody interior, intimate but still friendly. Food? Can't really say, my brother and I split an order of fried pickles that were just kind of "meh", super thin sliced so they were more like little chips, nice, but I need a little more pickle action. Brew? Well it was a lager pitcher...doesn't really need much explanation.

I don't know that it's normal to have so few teams attending a quizzo night, perhaps it was because we were there on a Tuesday night after the 4th of July. It's not super rowdy like other bars can be on quiz night, which is almost a welcomed change of pace. Will we hit it again? Maybe just maybe, rumor has it this place whips out some mean BBQ.
How many times have I walked by this place and haven't noticed it at all? Hundreds. It was not until a friend told me that Friday nights at Fergie's means live band karaoke in their upstairs bar. You heard that right. You can literally live out your dreams of being a rockstar with a real band and crowd that is intoxicated enough not to care how good you are. And I must say, the band was pretty talented and kept the crowd going. The beer selection is pretty decent (Guinness on draft, obviously) and the bartenders were fast. There is a lot of seating upstairs so if you come with a group you can most likely get a spot to sit while you cheer, sing your heart out, and sip your Guinness. Also, the decor may have not changed since the 1970s which is incredible. Fergie's, you are a gem.
Can't speak to the food here as we didn't have any and do feel compelled to mention that despite my five star review the bathroom didn't have any toilet paper and the toilet didn't flush (details details) but the reason for the five star no cover for live band karaoke! Let me repeat that - no cover for live band karaoke! That's a home run! We had a great time watching folks with amazing voices and ok voices get up on stage and belt it out - a great energy associated with a great bar!
My husband and I were waking around Philly and came upon Fergies we walked in and heard the Irish band playing. We listened to them play with a Guinness in hand. A great day and random pub I would recommend to anyone.
I've been to Fergie's several times over the years, and it's an excellent Center City spot. 

Fergie's has an excellent atmosphere, the food is good, there is a great selection, and the price is just right. The location is perfect, too - nicely tucked away from all of the hustle and bustle. 

If you're looking for a nice Irish bar, without the distraction of televisions, you should definitely give Fergie's a try. 

I think that pretty much sums things up!
Fried pickles!! But be sure you wait & eat them with the dipping sauce, oh good lord - yum.
Fergie is great, the bar is great, the food & drink are top notch. This is what a bar is all about.
There was a diverse crowd on the afternoon we stopped in, jovial & friendly. 
I really like the ambiance here and will be spending all my free time at one of Fergie's fine establishments!
The bartenders have a bad attitude, are unfriendly and at times, rude. Live polka/folk/whateveritwas music upstairs was awkwardly loud for 9:45 in a small place. Bathroom was stinky too. 

Never had the food so I can't comment, but the buffalo wings smelled great!!

Absolut and clubs were strong though, so I guess that was the only good thing.
Fergie's is definitely a solid 4-star establishment.  I'm not exactly sure how I made it for so many years without paying them a visit, but when I did, I very much enjoyed it.  In the first place, I was invited to perform at a spoken word and music showcase upstairs, though I arrived with some extra time beforehand to grab some food and a drink before performing.  There was also an Irish music open jam going on downstairs, so while some may have considered it to be part of the atmosphere, I found it to be a tad distracting.  They are, however, on top of their game with the food and drinks--wasn't in the mood for a burger so I got the grilled apple and brie sandwich with a side of fries and a hard cider.  As far as the upstairs performance space, the sound setup isn't necessarily expansive, but it is ideal for smaller acts--acoustic musicians, singer/songwriters, and spoken word performers.  Only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because the downstairs can get a tad noisy if you're there primarily to socialize with friends, but the food and drinks are great, and I would definitely return for another live performance!
Unlike the oldest bar in philadelphia, this is a great Irish Bar.  The people are friendly, the food is great and they have great beer on tap.  It is a real mellow place to hang out, great environment, great tunes playing on the speakers.  The bartender was real chatty with you and a real sweetheart.  I definitely would come back here if i was back in town.
I went here for lunch. I got the Guinness beef stew. It tasted like it was premade and they just heated it up. The service was very slow. Waited an hour to get our food. They messed up our payment also.

The beer selection is okay for a pub. They had yuengling on tap which was unordinary for a pub.

Wouldn't recommend. Probably won't be coming back.
My husband and I were so sad when Bebe's Barbeque closed, but so happy when we heard Mark Coates' moved his cooking prowess to Fergie's. We stopped in last night with a few friends and shared the fried pickles and pork nachos as apps. The nachos were amazing. I mean, pig-out, fingers-licked, delicious. The pickles were so-so. I expected deep-fried spears (like the ones Snooki eats on the Jersey Shore), but instead got dill pickle chips. They most breading and you couldn't really taste the pickle, which I wanted! I was disappointed. The bbq was great - I had the West Caroline pork, which came with slaw (I did not eat) and awesome fries. I was stuffed about half-way through, which is a shock for me. My husband had the brisket and was very happy. The prices and food quality are better than Percy Street and I love the charm of Fergie's. While we were there, one of the staff members put the old Bebe's Barbeque sign atop the doorway inside, so I hope it's an indication that BBQ at Fergie's is here to stay!
Wow. Great, great bar. I'm so mad I didn't know about this place when I was in college in Philly.

Irish pub that ISN'T cash only, love it! They also have real Irish music sessions going on all the time so you really feel like you're in a little pub in Galway. Mixed drinks were really strong, and they had a good pour on beers. I was disappointed they didn't have an Irish red on tap though. 

We split some chicken wings and they were pretty good, but I can't speak to the rest of the food. 

It was pretty hard to get the bartenders' attention to get a drink. They seemed a little unexperienced. However, I showed up with about 30 people who had some time to kill between a wedding ceremony and the reception, so I'm sure they just weren't staffed for that big a surge.
One of my favorite pubs in the city. Fergie's has tremendous food and a pretty good selection of brews. The live music, hot chilly, and classic atmosphere will keep me coming back for years to come!
We were looking for a place that served good beer and some good food and i think we found the right spot for it. 
The bartender was very nice friendly (even though we got there at a busy time on sunday night).
Beer selection wasn't huge but everyone was able to find the one we really liked. 
Food: fried pickles are awesome! I've had them at many different places and these ones are definitely on top of the list. Mussels were really good too (maybe not enough garlic to my taste... But i like them to be super garlicky so this is not the indicator). Shepherds pie - amazing. I could eat that on a regular basis . Hot roast beef - exactly what i imagine when i think of a roast beef sammich. It was juicy, tender and simply delicious. 
Great place if you are looking for drinks, great food and bar atmosphere.
Not exactly sure why...maybe its the warm atmosphere...maybe its the lack of concern the place has for trying to satisfy all and just worry about being a good place.  The food is ok.  the beer is cold.  the place is just cool.  and if you haven't met Fergie you should.  one of the very best in the city.
My four stars are just a little sentimental - my mother was born in County Roscommon and I've always had a minor affinity to all things Irish.  This place always feels so authentic - it never tries to be more than it is - it's a classic Irish pub, with good beer and better Irish whiskey. They also were voted for having one of the best jukeboxes in Philly several years running (lots of classic U2, Pixies,  Van Morrison,  etc - plus it's now updated with tons more contemporary music.) They have some of the best open mike nights I've ever seen - and Quizno one or two nights a week.  The fare is pretty much standard pub,  but be sure to try the spicy chipotle mussels - they are awesome!
I've been here a few times and have always had a good time.  Both the upstairs and downstairs have been fun to hang out in.  Defiantly has that Irish but feel, if you're into that this is the place for you.
Had my first legal drink here at around midnight right after I had turned 21.  We had thrown a party at my friends apt and this place is right next door.  That is the only reason I went, it wasn't bad but the crowd was kinda bland, pretty bored, and fairly aged.  The staff was friendly but really the only reason I've been here is that it is right next door.  I only visit Philly about every six months and I'm not very knowledgeable of the bar scene.
This place is straight up legit. It's owned by an Irishman and it welcomes you like a true Irish pub would. It's small-ish and comfy. Not too crowded or too busy. It's friendly. The staff are pleasant and attentive. The beer list and drink specials are fabulous. The prices are below average (which is a big yay). And the food offerings are solid. This was the perfect St. Patrick's Day bar. If I lived in Philly, I'd would so totally be a regular here. The vibe and atmosphere were just what I want and expect from a bar. Friendly, fun, and affordable, and no pretentiousness or overcrowding.
We went for an early st. paddy's day celebration! You don't get much better than a joke telling, blue-grass Irish band and drinking $3 tallboys of Narragansett beer! The wings smelled really good!
If I hadn't just finished a grilled cheese and mac & cheese at Prohibition Tap Room and wasn't about to go out for Indian food after Fergie's, you betcha I would've gotten some wings!
I went for the yelp event here. It was a pretty good time! Lots of stew type foods and the vegetarian wings were surprisingly tasty ( a little greasy, but what can you do, it's wings). I especially enjoyed the pot pie thing with potatoes on it--the mashed potatoes were far from bland and the meat and peas underneath it were spicy and delicious. 

They were serving cosmo cocktails and Sixpoint sponsered the beer. I didn't get around to trying the beer, but the cosmos were pretty good! Strong too.
any place that has live bag pipe players playing in the middle of the crowd, in kilts! is a place that holds a special place in my hear The staff is very friendly as well.
This is a real pub. After spending an extended period of time in the UK, and a short trip to Dublin, I fell in love with pubs. This is the closest thing I've found to a nice cozy, corner pub in the states. 

I went once for dinner. The prices are reasonable and the draft selection is medium sized, but good. I drank Yard's Philly Pale Ale, Woodchuck cider, and Hoegaarden, all great choices. I had the shepherd's pie which was very good. I was there during Philly Beer Week, and someone went around with some Guinness samplers, so that was cool. The server/bartender was very quick, and was also good at recommending beers.

The atmosphere was authentic, with cool decor and nothing obnoxious like a giant LED four-leaf-clover like some places. The jukebox has a lot of good songs, too.
 
This is not a late night spot, it kinda died down after like 10 o clock. Also it can't compare to a 'real' pub. But for a nice pub dinner and some pints, Fergie's is great. I would definately come back next time I'm in town.
Can I give it 6 stars? We went for a Philly Beer Week Dogfish Head Brunch and saw there were no vegan options on the brunch menu (there are some good vegan options on the regular menu), which was a major disappointment. However, the staff bent over backwards to accommodate me, and came over multiple times to check on us and make sure everything was okay. It was a perfect Sunday afternoon, and the service was just amazing. We've had only good experiences here, and it's a nice, relaxed  bar to hang out in.
I've been a Quizo regular (usually in the colder months), and I was COMPLETELY beside myself last night when I showed up and the Quizo host was a different person.  Pat ("Mr Quizo USA") no longer resides in Philadelphia (nor the USofA), and is, therefore, no longer the Quizo host at Fergie's, the New Deck, or New Wave.  I was pleased to hear that he still writes the Quizo questions and sends them to this new girl/quizmaster.  But.... but.... oh, I guess I'll get over it :(

Regarding Fergie's on a whole, I would never go there if I hadn't gotten hooked on Quizo.  The beers are way over-priced, and we even stopped going to Quizo for a while because the waitresses were so obnoxious.  (The ones I am referring to aren't there anymore, though).  The food is fine.  It's just like any Irish pub or whatever.  But it's all a little pricey for what it is.  

I don't like going there in the summer.  It feels wrong.  It truly feels like it should be covered in snow, year round.  Maybe it's more German than Irish.
It's an Irish Pub pretty similar to any other Irish pub in appearance, food, drink and service. I won't make it a point to go unless something special is happening there just because it otherwise seems pretty ordinary. What I appreciate about Fergie's, though, is how much the owner supports local artists/musicians/organizations.  They always have special events going on, and that's what really sets this bar apart and gives it its charm.

I've been to the upstairs part of the bar to see a really spectacular one-man play, regular events like traditional Irish music sessions and open mic nights and most recently... the 202nd birthday celebration of Edgar Allen Poe.
I came here with a large party for dinner. They were very accommodating of the larger party and provided good service. I ordered the crab cake sandwich. It had relatively little filler and was very flavorful. I was impressed by how good the crab cake was. I wouldn't call it the best crab cake sandwich in the world, but it was very good for the value and locale. I wouldn't mind coming back some time with a group for a pint and some food.
Really great place to have a good drink. Sometimes they offer also live music.  Important for me is always a friendly bartender and that is here the case. He is always available for a nice chat, even when it is a busy day. Great man.
I wandered in with a friend on a Saturday evening around 5:00 to find the most amazing jam session (with the most adorable 6 or 7 year old fiddler girl!) in progress!  The music was excellent, kept me warm from the rain.  Or maybe it was the $4 Yuengling and Yards pints?  I miss Pennsylvania. 

The second floor happened to be closed but the lower bar and space was bumping and throbbing -- happiness, good friends, warming drinks all around.  The fries are incredible -- no seriously, delicious.  The french onion soup too.  The perfect place to warm up on a chilly, rainy Philly night!
I came here last month for a second round of drinks on a Friday. I don't remember much from that night except 3 things:

1) Place was too dark, thus the 3 stars. 
2) French onion soup was very good. No complaints.
3) Limerick Wings - I can eat spicy foods, but these wings were hands-down the spiciest wings I've ever had (I could only eat 2).  However, my husband loved it and ate it all up.
This place is absolutely ATROCIOUS. I've never been disrespected so much. If anyone were to ask me about Fergie's pub I would straight up tell them not to go here. I came here on a Saturday night with a group of friends and waited patiently at the bar to order drinks and when I finally was able to get the bartender's attention I was YELLED at. The ginger bartender raised his voice at me and said "YOU CANT ORDER ONE DRINK AT A TIME". I thought it would be easier for me to get all my friends drink orders rather than have all eight of us go up to him one at a time but I guess he disagreed. SORRY I ordered too many drinks from your bar. I will be taking my business elsewhere and so should everyone else. I'd give this place ZERO stars if I could.
I was here last Saturday and sat upstairs in a party of 4.

The food was OK - two orders of chili were luke warm (really, how hard to keep chili hot?) and two sides were forgotten.
 
However, the pulled pork sandwich was delicious and the fries were pretty good too.  

Beyond this average food review was the deplorable rude server / bartender we had.  Firstly, the blackboard had a list of items on it that apparently didn't exist.  We tried to order a few of them and she would first say, we don't have that, then say - 'oh pretend like that blackboard isn't there, it hasn't been updated in like a week'.  Would have been nice (dare I say really easy) to mention that when we sat.

Also, her general rudeness was unbelievable.  There were a few huffs and puffs while either taking our order or delivering it.  We are nice patrons!  We didn't deserve that.  She complained that she was just called in that day.  I can't explain how little I care about that.

Go get a job where you don't have to interact with people, please.  I won't be back, and Fergie you can thank your staff for that.  Still amazed at how rude this woman was.....
Oh Fergie, how I want to love you.  Your laid back atmosphere, decent food, and fair prices are enticing indeed...and there ends the seduction...

I enjoy quizzo as much as the next guy, but I don't enjoy it enough to have a $10/person minimum to be able to play.  Our tabs often come to way more than that, but on the one occasional our party wasn't super hungry/thirsty we were read the riot act and compelled to order more after the game had ended.  Actually, let me clarify: our server was pretty nice about it (just doing her job), but when we asked to speak with a manager he didn't come over...from afar we saw him gesturing (and yelling?) at the server...and she conveyed his feelings to us.  

Classless.
Don't go to this geto place. It's not for the tourist.  Be aware. Of the rude bartender  and bouncer.  If your not from Philly. They won't serve you. Or tip them
More then $40.  To keep them happy.  Find another place to enjoy your evening..
Quizzo and other shenanigans.

Ok so I've been to Fergie's a few times now and it's a pretty decent place.  I sat upstairs once for quizzo which was difficult but not frustrating.  I hung out downstairs the second time for a friend's birthday celebration.  Both times I was treated respectfully and the service was very good.  I even left my card at the bar the night of quizzo and when I returned the following day, I learned that they held it for me.  Pretty awesome.

The beer selection here is not as varied as some.  This is much more of an Irish pub and I think that's ok.  In Philly presently it seems like there are lots of bars that have amazing beer selections.  I'm fine with a place that pours a Guinness properly and for a good price.

I haven't had the food here but I'm sure I'll get to it at some point.  I like what I've seen so far.

Oh, and winning at quizzo wasn't half bad either ;)
Went to Fergies last night for karaoke. As we approached, the bouncer ignored us. He literally took the time to card 4 young men who approached after from the opposite direction and let them in the bar. Then he looked at me and said to the man with me, "This is who you brought? I guess I don't have to card her." It was one of the most insulting greetings I have ever experienced. 1. No man brings me anywhere. I am not a child who needs an escort. 2. Age should never be a reason to discriminate and make someone feel unwelcome. Not cool Fergies!
