I was totally stoked to check out the Philly version of Fette Sau. Hate to say it, but I was really disappointed. The meats are smoked and not saucy; you can add your own sauce once you are at the table. We had a few different meats and they were okay but I do prefer a saucier style of BBQ. 

The real disappointment was in the sides. The sauerkraut was served cold. It was crunchy. Let me repeat: crunchy, cold, sauerkraut. Who likes that? The German potato salad was also cold. GPS is often served at room temperature which is just fine, but this was refrigerator cold and lacking in any tangy, delicious flavor. It was so weak. The only side I really enjoyed was the baked beans. 

Fette Sau doesn't come cheap, either. For that reason, I guess I can look at the bright side and be grateful that I'm not a fan.
I'm going to update my rating to three stars, because I enjoyed my lunch on Saturday. But, I still feel pretty strongly that some of the sides could be tweaked a bit for better taste. My German potato salad and sauerkraut were both served ice cold. I don't get it! German potato salad is delicious at room temp, and who eats sauerkraut cold?! To be honest, I order these sides because they aren't as heavy as some of the other options. I really wish a little more care was put into the way they are presented. 

My quarter pound of pulled pork was smokey, full of flavor and delicious! And my husband's burnt end beans were equally awesome. 

I really do like Fette Sau, but I still don't love it.
I have been waiting to try Fette Sau for a while since I saw it on the food network over a year ago. This place is.....high way robbery to say the least. 

All the meat comes by the pound. The ribs are $22 a pound. Let me remind you they have heavy bones so I paid $9 for 4 rib bones. $6 for one slice of brisket. I mean ribs are $2 a pound in most supermarkets. My total for the meat and side came to $16 and it wasn't even a full meal, I just wanted to taste it. My sister, who was more hungry, had her food totaled at $20. $20???? For casual BBQ, because despite the fancy beer glasses and real silverware they give you, this is a casual, cafeteria style eatery.  There are no servers like any other fast casual place (chipotle, panera bread, etc). 

The food was good but not spectacular. if you read my reviews a lot you may know I am serious about burgers and ribs. These ribs were sooooo not worth $22 a pound. This may be amazing BBQ to some people but not me.
This was our second stop during an afternoon crawl for my buddy's bachelor party.  We hung out next door at Frankford Hall for a bit and came here for dinner.  

They did a great job at taking care of our 20+ group of really hungry and semi-buzzed dudes.  The food was awesome!  We had brisket, hot sausage, rubs, mac 'n cheese, baked beans, potato salad and rolls.  Growlers of beer were kept flowing the whole time, it was like a Game of Thrones feast!  Winter is Coming you know...but really, fantastic food, good atmosphere and friendly staff.  We all had a great time.  

I am slowly becoming more impressed with how Fishtown is turning around for the better and it's places like this that make a big contribution to that change.  Bravo!
I wanted to like this place a lot more than I did. It does some things right but completely misses the mark on the food. 

For starters - their location is perfect. Fishtown is one of my favorite neighborhoods in Philadelphia and for good reason - breweries, restaurants, bars, music venues, and even a comedy club. We came here to celebrate my buddy's birthday with the intention of bar hopping into the night. The atmosphere is perfect when the weather is nice. We sat outside at a picnic table closest to the ordering station. There is also a windowless indoor space and a bar area. 

You place your order at the counter and pay by the pound. As far as food goes, we all agreed that it was very mediocre. The ribs were flavorful and slightly fell off the bone with a little tug. The pulled pork was a tad bit dry (then again, pulled pork usually is) but was better with a squirt of BBQ sauce. The brisket was disappointing - more on the lean vs fatty side and was much more dry than I had hoped. We tried the sauces on the table - the sweet one was good and certainly enhanced the meats but the spicy was just downright bad - overly spicy and watery with no flavor. 

The bar was super cool - nice beer selection with lots of local Philly brews as well as a wide selection of whisky. Props for the cool tap handles (which are a variety of re-purposed cutting knives). 

Skip the BBQ. Stay for a drink, enjoy the warm weather and explore the neighborhood.
Whoever owns this place is making BANK.  

Came here late on Monday.  

THE ALCOHOL: Nice bar.  huge selection of bourbons, and Beer.  Get a half gallon.
Cool ice cubes if you get a drink on the rocks.  $10 cocktail menu too.  The bar is much better than the food. 

THE FOOD: All BBQ is ale-carte aka your spending serious $$ for pork.  which costs about 99cents/lb.  

The Short Ribs- slightly fatty. not too much meat for its size because of the amount of fat- $26/lb.  

The ST Louis ribs-Not fall off the bone.  more like knaw off the bone.  semi juicy.  again $24/lb.  

Pulled Pork: very little sauce, mostly pulled meat.  not bad but not crazy good.  $16/lb.  for pulled pork? a whole pork butt costs $9.  

Potato Salad & Coleslaw- Pretty darn good.  I would only go back for there sides.  again $3 each for a small side.  

Baked beans w/burnt ends- overly sauce and minimal burn ends. $5.25 for beans.  crazy.  
Every order comes with 1 potato roll (because they want to get you full so you dont realize you just spend $60 on overpriced pork and are still hungry).  

This is what we ordered for 2 ppl and came to $64.  we were not full.  Fette Sau is very overpriced for something so cheap like Pork.  Yes its Hormone/antibiotic free but that does NOT justify $16/lb pulled pork.  

Also they dont have a regular BBQ sauce on the table.  Only sweet, spicy, and vinegar.  No "Mother sauce"!? i combined all three to make my own.  strange.

They need to make a dinner special that includes a certain number of meats and include sides with it.  Thats what you expect from a BBQ place.  

This is a very NYC style place that has not adjusted there prices for its location in Philly.  Everything is ale-carte like NYC and its priced like NYC........in philly.  

As Yelp says its "A-OK" but you will PAY.  
-John
I went with some Yelpers to grab lunch. And once I got there, I realized they serves dry-rubbed meats, which I'm not a big fan of. " I told you I didn't want to go!"  Ughhhhhhhhh

Sari?
Sari isn't here.
But I can see you...
No. You. Can't.

Let's get this straight: Perhaps it's the fact that--in addition to not getting any Bar-B-Que-- I only ordered the Mac & cheese ( Nothing would be worse than this Mac ' n cheese but the boxed one ). Double ughhhhhhh

One and Half Yelps.
Rustic and smokey, This BBQ place is going into my heavy rotation. Spacious with communal tables, Fette Sau is great for a group meat orgy. Pork as a noun not as a verb, perverts. A nice size bar which has an average selection of beers but a large selection of whiskey flights.
Tried most of the meats and a few of the sides. Everything was good and priced very reasonably. My favorites were the brisket and the burnt end beans. My least favorite was the chicken which was just fine.
I have always been loyal to Sweet Lucy's, but never fond of driving to the Northeast. Fette Sau allows me to get "porked" and not have to drive home in shame.
I have a stomach ache...BECAUSE...I ate a giant plate full of T-Rex's ribs and Porky Pig's butt.

Dayum...I thought it was all hype.  NOT.

Lots of people on line to get to the beef / pork ribs, brisket, and pulled pork...and to get sloppy on whiskey and MEAT, in this giant resto with large communal tables while various bearded hipsters clean up after large parties and dates.  

I didn't need to pour the sweet / spicy / vinegar sauces on my food...the beef / pork pieces were hella savory.

I gotta admit it ain't cheap....but you only live once.
Let's start with the food is fairly decent however the process to get anything is a little antiquated. It was very reminiscent of high school days waiting to go down the line to decline the various options. The hubby and I choose a variety of items, many of the meat selections we initially desired to order were unavailable. It boggles my mind slightly that on a Friday at 6:45 pm a lot of the options were gone. It's Friday people you should have more available on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. I hear it's a reoccurring theme there. So.....pork belly that I desperately love was unavailable, sadly I won't be able to tell you if it was good or not. UGH!!!

Here we go, the Duck was delicious, beef short ribs awesome but one was burnt, the rub used on the pork
 ribs is very good but the overall thought? just fair, the smoked sausage meh. All of the meat items were very tender. The beans were good but not necessarily my twist I prefer sweet baked beans. I liked the Vault beer but not the server at the bar he was rude.

The ambience is laid back and easy with a rustic feel. Would I go back? Yeah. Would I make a point of going? Nah!
A year ago, my daughter who lives in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, took me to Fette Sau because she knew that I loved Barbecue.  I thought it was a brilliant concept with maybe as good a barbecue product as I have had in any other restaurant in the States.  The bare bones atmosphere and self-service from a display case with various cooked meats, sold by weight, was quick and efficient, and let the customer see his food before ordering it.  So, when I heard that Stephen Starr was opening one in Philadelphia, I could not wait to try it.

I went with a friend on Thursday, the second night it was open, half expecting to experience the new opening jitters and mistakes.........but there were none.  Starr knew perfection when he saw it, and he recreated the Williamsburg layout almost exactly.  Funky and stylish at the same time, with lots of common seating, paper towels and 4 spicy sauces on the tables.  And most happily, the food was just as good in Philadelphia as it was in Williamsburg.

The Brooklyn owners were on site to oversee the opening and to fine tune the operation, but they seemingly had it all under control when the doors opened.  The staff is friendly and well trained and the general environment was somewhere between an inner city low rent restaurant and a country smoke house destination.

The smoked meats, done on a Southern Pride smoker are all perfect.  The pork ribs, beef ribs, brisket and links were cooked perfectly.  What I like is that there is only a minimal smoke flavor, so that the overwhelming smokiness does not overpower the meats, as so many barbecue places do.  I like all of the sauces, but they have a vinegar and pepper sauce that I think is unique and simple and really brings out the flavors of the meat.

The food is not cheap.  You can easily spend up to $40 or $50 a person because over-ordering is pretty easy, especially when you add the great beans and potato salad.  But the take-home leftovers are more than welcome the next morning.

And I should mention the great bar, with 8 or so fine beers on tap and shelves of top flight bourbons and ryes.  No margaritas or gimlets available here.  For $18 I had a flight of ryes which were eye opening.  A dark liquor aficionado could spend a happy day at this bar with lovely and accommodating bartenderesses.

I make Fette Sau to be the best barbecue in Philadelphia, although there are a couple other new arrivals that I have not yet checked out yet.
My older brother left Philadelphia for San Francisco in 2006 and while he'd been back several times he really hadn't experienced the restaurant renaissance we've seen over the past few years. So I thought we'd grab some grub at Fette then head to Frankfort Hall, seemed like a slam dunk.

We went on a Friday night around 7:15 and the place was only about a quarter full which was shocking. I figured we'd have to wait at least 30 minutes (since they don't take reservations). Boo and I basically got a little bit of everything they had to offer.

While the brisket was succulent and delicious, the sausage was  juicy and flavorful, and the short ribs and pulled pork were fist pumping good it was the chicken that literally made me sing "make ya woo woo woo, make ya woo woo woo" while I did a little shimmy on the bench. To be fair chicken is my favorite food but I really wasn't expecting much from it considering the pig seemed to be the main attraction. The flavor just oozed out of it and was complimented in the best way possible with the various sauces that were on the table. Honestly the first bite felt like pleasure town and I was Ron Burgundy. It had the flavor of smoke on the skin and transitioned to the natural flavor of a chicken that's been cooking in its own juices for the last three hours. 

My only beef (besides the brisket of course) was with the beer selection. It was smaller than I expected and I felt it lacked a must have.

After our meal we went next door to Frankfort Hall where my brother and I proceeded to chug our beers with full BBQ bellies, but that is a story for another day....
Finally went to Fette Sau with my fiancée. I can't tell you how long I've been waiting to try this place!

We tried one of basically everything and it was all good, but not the best. I appreciated the pulled pork and burnt end sandwiches, but it wasn't anything I haven't tasted before. The brisket pulled apart with no effort and it was decent, but needed extra flavor. I reached for every sauce on the table. With only sweet, spicy, and vinegar, nothing helped. The sauces themselves didn't add to anything except a scrunch to my face. (They tasted a little odd.) The macaroni was a bit hard, so I'm assuming it sat there a while without being mixed. The only thing I ate all of was the bowl of chili. Can't go wrong with chili, right? And why didn't we get bread? I felt like I was missing something. And the worst of it all: high price tag and I wasn't even full afterwards!

Overall, I'm giving it four stars because it was still food and nothing was entirely wrong with it. I just don't think it was worth the price for the average/mediocre taste.
I fell in love over the weekend. With a barbecue place!

After a few beers at Frankford Hall, our meat-loving group was ready to take on some real barbecue. And that we did. I digged the industrial cafeteria-like operation, and choosing your different spread of meats was easy since it's cut in front of you butcher-style, and you can determine the right-sized portion.  The selection has a nice variety of beef, chicken, pork, and ribs, priced by the pound. I chose a half-pound of the beef brisket, and roasted mushrooms as my side. The sides are either small or large, but given the size, the small was perfect for me. 

After the meat is cut, sides (and dessert or drinks) are chosen, you're off to sit at one of the large communal tables in the dining room or outside. As we sat, some got beer (served in mason jars!) and whiskey to accompany their meal. The brisket was seriously oh-my-God-freaking delicious. Tender, tasty, and I was tempted to order more. Others chimed in, and the pork belly and ribs were also clear favorites. We all got a mix of sides, and the mushrooms and baked beans won us all over. There were people to take your trays away because they know you're too full to even move. Nice.

This place is perfect for large groups, and is a great addition to the area! I highly recommend this place. Be awesome, and take your carnivore friends here. You must come hungry (and thirsty!)
WOW! Who would have thought that I would come to Philly and have BBQ?! This place is super tasty and I wish Seattle had this place!

Stephen Starr in Philadelphia is like what Tom Douglas is like in Seattle...except in Seattle, Tommy's places have turned a bit into a chain.  For being a popular restaurateur, I needed to check out what Stevie is brewing up.

Came to Philly for work, and have been super swamped being in long, all day meetings.  As a result, the other night I got out at 10pm and was hungry! Room service? No, I rather not.. I have the company card and I need something tasty. But what's open late on a Monday night that isn't bar food? 

Fette Sau literally translates to fatty sheep (in Norwegian), so I was really knowing what to expect or if this means anything at all.  From what I could find, there was nothing Norwegian about this place, or no sheep meat to be had.  Not exactly sure where the name comes from then.. an unsolved mystery!

My dinner:
-2 slices of brisket- tender! lean! no visible fat, full flavor! Size similar to thick cut bacon

-3 ribs- SO SMOKEY! Had a nice char on the outside that didn't dry out the meat, but instead added an immense amount of flavor/smoke! I really enjoyed these! Normally I like to dowse my ribs in sauce, but this one was so perfect i ate most of them just as is.

-Small BBQ beans- beans were a little underdone.  At first, I appreciated this since typical bbq beans are mushy and just become a paste.  But after a few big bites, I was over the "almost raw" feel to them.. bring back the mush! :)

-Small coleslaw- not your average slaw you'd find at a bbq joint.  This was more a pickled coleslaw that had a bright red/purple look to it due to the beats, red bell peppers, and red wine vinegar! I liked it, but after a few bites, too tart for me!

Although the hipster fellow serving me up said it wouldn't be that much, this portion was quite large for me, especially it being a late night dinner.  But once you tack on the price tag, suddenly it looks a little small to me.... $27 for all that.. or in other words, for ONLY that? It if was based on just flavor, I would say 5 stars (for the BBQ that is), but incorporate the price, and the side dishes, then" Fette Sau.. here's to lookin at you (at 3 stars)!"
After my first visit to Fette Sau I can only thank my lucky stars there are other BBQ establishments around the city of Philadelphia. After sipping on some craft beers at Bottle Bar East, I decided to snatch up some bbq to dine at home. Fetta Sau has always been in my bookmarks and conveniently located down the street. When I got home I parked myself in front of the television, with a pound of delicious looking ribs in front of me, only to get a taste of disappointment.

My friend always tells me how he doesn't like fall off the bone ribs. He tells me ribs need to have a little bite. I wonder what he would say about the ribs I had from Fette Sau. Forget off the bone, I could barely pull the meat apart. I think a pit-bull would have struggled getting the meat off the bone. 

The meat on the ribs was tough; extremely tough. When I walked into Fette Sau I noticed that the items were sitting in a heated display case. I can only guess the heat continued to dry out the ribs. I even considered the travel time but, I have picked up ribs at many places throughout Philadelphia only to come home to enjoy flavorful, warm, juicy ribs. I am not the biggest fan of dry-rub ribs but I believe these ribs at potential. It is unfortunate my ribs were pork-jerky. 
Side dishes usually highlight the quality of the entree. Unfortunately the quality was not the greatest and the burnt end baked beans only contributed to the disappointment. 

After getting my jaw worked out on some bad bbq I needed to cleanse my pallet. Thank Goodness I ordered the Bourbon Pecan Pie. If Fetta Sau was a dessert shop, I would be giving it four stars right now. The pie was good!! really good!!  unfortunately that was the only highlight from an establishment for which I had high hopes. 

I don't like writing places off for good, and there will come a time when I give Fetta Sau another chance; if I happen to be in the area. Until then, I am going to stick to my other bbq establishments.
I don't like meat. I'm not a vegetarian per se, but I just don't really dig it. I never crave a steak, I rarely ever ask for a burger, and I certainly don't go wild over BBQ spots. 5 star BBQ place?! YES! This place nails it on every level. 

To start, the service. First time "shoppers" at this meat window display, I try to order a pound of pulled pork to share with my guy, and our server said wait, no don't do that! He then took the time to tell me how much served how many people, and gave his recommendations (spot on) for what else is great there. It refreshing to have someone walk you through your first time ordering from a place that is a little confusing to order from. Also, the food came out fast, and hot. 

Oh and that food--perfectly smoky meats, great BBQ sauce accompaniments (regular, spicy, and vinegary), and the sides, OH MY GOD the baked beans! And they even have beef in them! And I loved them! This is like, against my rules. The pickles (Guss' Pickles, can't go wrong), get a lot of them. The broccoli salad was not too exciting, but was nicely vinegary to go with the hot, smokey meat.

The bar only serves American whiskeys, ryes, and bourbons. That being said, get an old fashioned and be happy. It is crafted perfectly. For $12, it's about the standard cost of an old fashioned anywhere else in the city, so I'm not complaining. The beer selection lends itself to being consumed with heaping piles of meat, and being served in a mason jar does not deter anything for me. 

The one thing that really won me out on this place though was the atmosphere. The place is gorgeous and perfectly designed. Yes, I used the word gorgeous for a place that is supposed to look like a shack. Seriously, whoever Starr has on his design team are geniuses. I noticed every little detail, from the light bulbs in the bathroom stalls, to the different non-matching chairs littering the dining room, to the heating vent grates. Seriously. The detailing making this place a grungy, low country barn is perfect. It makes me want to sit there for a while and just take it all in. Which is kinda what we did.

From one non meat lover to the next--go here. Leave happy, and confused about your feelings on BBQ.
Well, this is absolutely a great addition to the neighborhood. The feel of this place was great. It was casual with open outdoor space yet it still feel cozy. 

I went with some BBQ lovers so lucky for me, I had the opportunity to sample a lot. I think my favorite had to be the pork ribs. They were juicy on the inside with a killer crust of flavor on the outside. I totally loved these. Second, the pork belly. This was great. It was fatty and cooked perfectly but not too fatty. Third, the hot Italian sausage. Wow, I loved this one. Hot and juicy and snapped when you cut it! 

My only semi disappointment was the pulled pork. I really liked it but it wasn't the best I've ever had. That being said, I would definitely order it again, it would just come further down on my list. 

With any great BBQ place, comes lots of sauces and these sauces were also delicious. Half way through, I found my perfect blend of sauces, a little of their BBQ sauce, mixed with some sort of liquid smokey sauce. Excellent. It came out to be a perfect smokey/sweet sauce of tastiness.

Can't wait to get back!
The patio is so great! I'm also a really big fan of how all the beer comes in your choice of sizes, and there was a solid selection there. However, I think the half pint serving container was super hipster gimmicky. 

The meat itself wasn't that impressive. It wasn't bad, but just didn't stand up to some of the other great (city!) BBQ I've had. The sauces they had at the tables were pretty weak as well, especially the one labeled as "spicy." It was not very spicy, but kinda tasted like watered down dirt mixed with Tabasco. Actually pretty gross.

The sides were fine, nothing to write home about. The broccoli with lime could have used some char or some other ingredients in the dressing to add depth. The burnt end beans and the pickles were pretty good!  Mac and cheese was just fine.

Oh, I should mention that the girl checking us out was pretty bad at basic math. Before we ordered, we asked whether they'd be able to split payment for one big order at the end, and they said yes, sure. Well, we got to the end and asked the girl to split our payment in 3. She said yes, sure, grabbed a calculator, scribbled something on a piece of paper, looked at it all confused for a second, then told us "it would be about $X each." She then proceeded to charge us all different amounts, each progressively larger than the last, with the third person paying the most. Not the biggest deal (I bought him a drink to compensate), but if they had just told us they can't handle a 3-way split we would have definitely just ordered separately.

Overall, the food left all 5 in my party pretty underwhelmed. The patio was a great place to sit though! I'd recommend this place more as a spot to get a drink on a nice warm evening, than as a good BBQ joint where you should come hungry.
Smoked BBQ meats, craft beers, and a solid whiskey list are a few  of my favorite things. So when you take all of those things and deliver them in a huge indoor/outdoor urban setting with an amazing happy hour, you instantly win me over!

But the Fat Pig also goes above and beyond all of those wonderful things by picking up all of their meats from small local farms, and smoking and applying dry rub in house. All of the meats are available to eat in house or take home by the pound; and they come with delicious and simple sides like smoked deviled eggs, burnt end baked beans, and sweet potato mash. It also uses reclaimed wood, cement floors, many picnic tables, and an exposed beam ceiling to create a huge indoor/outdoor space for communal eating. 

The locally sourced meats are the main event, and you can grab beef brisket from Niman Ranch, hot sausage from Nicolosi, organic chicken from Freebird; and pulled pork, pork belly, and St. Louis style ribs from Duroc Street. all of the above meats were naturally raised; and are hormone, steroid, and growth hormone free. And they even save things like the burnt ends which are amazing in a sandwich!

The bar side instantly won me over with the old butchery blades repurposed as tap handles. And inside that bar section you can enjoy sold drafts from the likes of Flying Dog and Sly Fox (who brew the Fat Pig Pale Ale for the bar), over 100 whiskeys and bourbons from North America, a couple of solid cocktails, and a few wines by the glass. Show up during happy hour and you get some of those cocktails discounted, and half off draft beers from 5:00 - 7:00 pm. And you best believe that they pair well with the happy hour food specials!
OK so I was going to go for Korean BBQ tonight, but opted for some Good Ole American BBQ.  Its  was a Sunday night around 7:00pm.  The place was packed and I was worried we weren't going to get a seat.    No Worries though you walk in through the courtyard and into the dining room.   Where you wait in line to order your BBQ by the pound at the counter.   The wait wasn't long bout 5 minutes or so.

 The BBQ meats are  kept in the hot display case at the counter.  They were offering Brisket, Short ribs on the Bone, Pulled Pork, Sausage, Ribs, Pork Belly, & Chicken.  


I went for a 1/2 pound of brisket, 1/2 pound of pork belly, 1 sausage link, 2 short ribs, and went for a side of Baked Beans and potato Salad.   People's palettes are different from one to another. 

  I enjoy my Brisket on the fatty and juicy side and this brisket did not disappoint, so tender and juicy, just how I like it.  If you prefer a leaner cut, just ask the meat carver to get you a leaner cut of brisket.

The Short ribs were first class ultra tender and were falling off the bone.  The sausage link was alright nothing that blew me out of the water.  

The Show Stopper was the Pork Belly which was like tasting heaven.  The flavor bomb with each bite was out of this world.    The pork belly was very fatty and the rub on it amplified it to another level.

The potato salad was perfect and dressed in a tart mustard vinegar base.  The beans were tasty also with a hint of burnt ends from the brisket and the beans were AL dente.  

They did have a broccoli  salad I will have to try next time.  After you get your order you seat yourself and grab your silverware at the water station.  They use real forks and knives so this adds a little class to the dining experience.   Your food is served on sheet trays with a parchment paper lining.  I wish they labeled their BBQ sauce they have 3 sauces, Vinegar, House, and Spicy.  Vinegar I'm sure had some apple cider vinegar base to it.  House BBQ sauce was tart and tangy, Ketchup base I'm sure with some brown sugar or molasses.  The spicy sauce was a different it didn't have a good viscosity to it, very thick like a Oriental Hoisin sauce and it wasn't spicy at all.   

The service was attentive they have a bus person roaming and they come to your table to clear the table for you.  We saw our bus person like 4 times during the dinner.  

My friend was upset that the BBQ was $76.00 between the 2 of us.  He was paying so he was shocked to see such a high price for BBQ.  Note they use Black Angus Beef, Berkshire Pork, Duroc Pork, and they source out meats that are free of hormones and antibiotics.   Put into consideration it's a Steve Starr Restaurant your going to pay for quality.  BBQ is a food that should be savored once in a while.  Not every week it's too rich of a food group to do that.

I used to work in a BBQ joint as a cook & manager so the BBQ stacked up pretty good.   I had a chance to speak  to Joe C. the owner after dinner.    We talked bout the woods he uses to smoke his meats.  He uses oak which burns hard and longer and mixes in some fruit woods to balance out the smoke.  Very cool and laid back guy and he was down from Brooklyn for the week to make sure everything was on point.   

If I were to come back I would just do a slice of this and a slice of that.  The music  they were playing was modern and had a good hipster vibe to it.  The ambiance was very industrial farmhouse chic.
Awesome BBQ joint for smoked ribs and pulled pork. Funny tap handles!
Ok, I would love to give this place a solid 5 stars, because the ribs just blew me away with their fantastic-ness (and I'm from NC, aka BBQ south). But the prices are ridiculously expensive ($5.50 per a single rib - make no mistake, not a rack. Aka $11 for two pieces of rib). Yep, you read that correctly.

Maybe they have on/off days based on the mixed reviews, but my order (via delivery) tasted incredible:

+ St. Louis ribs - the ribs in particular were just divine - rich in flavor, tender and not dry at all, perfectly crisped/charred outer skin, big bones & helping of meat on each rib. The smoked taste came through prominently but didn't overwhelm the delicious rib meat. On top of that, you can see the quality and artistry that went into butchering/prepping.

+ Burnt end baked beans - super flavorful, rich/caramelized flavor with a little bit of meat. Also A+

+ Bourbon pecan pie ($4) - good old-fashioned pecan pie. Can't really go wrong.

...the caveat is the PRICE, as mentioned. Ribs come w/ some equally amazing sauce and  decent rolls, but when I received my delivery I thought they had made a mistake when I unwrapped 2 paltry ribs for $11. Nope. Likewise for the other meats here I imagine. And it's especially astonishing, given how cheap and plentiful good BBQ is outside the state, granted maybe not as tasty by a margin. 

So as much as the food here amazed me, I can't really give it 5/5. I used a coupon via the new delivery service (UberEats, use eats-dianax for $10 off) so my meal ended up being ~$11, but as much as I'd like to have a taste of those ribs/beans again, my wallet would hate me.
Best BBQ I've had in Philly! But I don't have much experience with Philly BBQ--just really good BBQ in the south. We tried the pulled pork sandwich, the brisket sandwich, mac and cheese, collard greens, and burnt end beans. 

* Pulled pork sandwich: pulled pork should be able to stand on its own with just the meat, sauce, and bun. The fancy stuff that came with this sandwich was hiding the flaws in the actual meat. The meat had too many uneven bits, which, according to my Alabama-born and bred husband, "tasted like bark." 

* Brisket sandwich: it was pretty good, but the fat to meat ratio was way too high.

* The sides: all solid. Definitely get the mac and cheese!
This has become my new favorite (and filling) happy hour.

From 5pm - 7pm Mon-Fri, you can get:
+ $4 Burnt End (brisket) Sandwich (served with 2 rolls and cole slaw)
+ $3 Deviled Eggs (3 per order)
+ $4 Smoked Chicken Legs (2 per order)
+ Half Price off beer
+ $5 Manhattans and Old Fashioneds

The burnt end sammy is my jawn. Love that it comes with cole slaw as I dig the flavor combination of topping the sandwich with the slaw and some of their vinegar based BBQ sauce.  The deviled eggs are classically prepared and delicious. Not on happy hour but my husband loves the ribs as well. 

The decor is on-point per usual Starr, and has a down home front porch (literally) feel. 

Love this place. Just took my husband for his birthday and can't wait to go back. Arby's may say it, but this place really has the meats!
HELLO HAPPY HOUR !!

DRINKS:
$5 manhattans -- which are made really well~ I prefer on the rocks. All liquor, no games over here. 1 will get you happy. 2 will get you tipsy. 3 will get you LIT
$10 jugs of beer. It's insane how much beer you can get for happy hourr

FOOD:
$4 will get you 2 barbeque chicken + slaw + 2 buns OR
$4 for the pulled pork  + 2 buns + slaw
CAN WE PAUSE FOR A SECOND AND TALK ABOUT THE SLAW? Nice and spicy, it's pretty spicy so you gotta love some spice level. But it's so well seasoned/pickled whatever they did works! It's so flavorful

Happy hour, you're such a win. I will be back, back back.. babyback?? :)
I think this was #6 on our Starr extravaganza, the whole place smells like a smoker. The decor is like what a chain restaurant would try to do and fail at. Love the drink sizes you can get. We tried the burnt ends sandwich and German tato salad, I wish we had picked up some at the hall next door to compare the two.
It seems my opinion is against the majority about Fette Sau but I just wasn't a fan of the food I had there.  I went there with some friends on a Thursday night.  It wasn't too crowded in the line for food but a good amount of people were at the bar.  

We sat ourselves at a table inside and headed up to order.  The beef brisket looked incredibly delicious and juicy so I got a slice of that (which was about 1/4 lb).  I had two slices of the pork belly and a side of the baked beans.  In total, that was about $14.  We all more or less ordered the same meats but also a side of potato salad.

I first tried the meats without any of the sauces.  It was okay.  Everything was much better with sauce although I wished the meat could stand up on its own.  I liked both the sweet and vinegar sauce.  Spicy didn't really do anything for me.  

The brisket was extremely fatty.  I'm all for fattiness but the slice I paid for was 60% fat.  Very disappointing.  The pork belly was fatty as well but not as much.  Even so, it wasn't melt in your mouth pork belly.  The baked beans were terrible for me.  It was overly sweet and tasted like beans cooked in ketchup.  The meat in the beans didn't enhance the flavors either.  The potato salad was very mustardy but was probably one of the better things we had.  The short rib was pricey and my friend gave me a piece.  Pretty good but not sure if it's worth its price.

All in all, I don't think I'd be anticipating a second visit.
Fette Sau makes some tasty BBQ.  Is it the best I've ever had?  No.  Is it the best in Philadelphia?  Personally I don't think so.  I do think it's a decent spot to grab a meal and I'll be back again.

In the warmer months, the walls open and the place becomes a very loud, social atmosphere while customers herd into the cattle shoot (ordering line) and select what they want.  They keep a glass deli counter of all of their prepared food for the day and the prices are clearly marked on the wall.  You can order by the half pound.  I chose brisket and ribs to share.  The ribs definitely won for me in that challenge.  They were very tender and had a hefty douse of smoke.  The brisket was not my favorite.  I ended up preferring their sweet sauce to their spicy.  They also offer a vinegar for all you southerners.

For sides, I typically stay with the beans and the sweet potatoes.  I'm sure they have other options but those are my go-tos.

They serve beer (9 taps) and keep a healthy selection of bourbon and whisky if you're into that sort of thing.  Prices are in line with anything else in the booming Fishtown area.

In the winter (which I recently learned), the atmosphere is quite similar except those walls are closed up and the place is quite warm.  I was concerned about it being drafty but it seems like they solved that one.

It's a decent spot to go with a group or just with one other person.  You'll leave full and your wallet will be a bit lighter but overall, it's a good experience.
I wasn't a big fan of this place tbh. I also had the runs and a bunch of stomach pain late evening after eating here for dinner. So that may be partly why I'm very iffy about here.

My friends and I shared a pound of pulled pork, half a pound of ribs, and large Mac and cheese.

I didn't like their Mac n cheese at all. Their ribs were really good. The pulled pork was decent. You wait in line to order and you seat yourself.
The brisket here is #2 in my top 3, which is a feat outside the South's BBQ culture and I commend the folks at Fette Sau for hitting the nail so squarely on the head. 

The ribs were prepared with the same rub and care on the pit as the brisket and there was no real reason to use any sauce on either.

There were three sauce offerings but I'll get to them in the next paragraph. I've visited Fette Sau all of once and haven't yet given the chicken, pulled pork, or pulled beef a shot though knowing what I do now they do look absolutely delicious in retrospect and I look forward to reviewing them next time I visit.

As for this experience, I wouldn't change a thing; however, there is one addition I would make: a mustard-based sauce. The sweet sauce and the spicy sauce work well on their own and together; however, the vinegar sauce is missing the viscosity and depth that would make it the perfect pairing with the pork ribs (at least according to my palate). Still, give it a shot. Your stomach will not be disappointed.
good for groups (you order meat on your own, pay for your alcohol separately). not having to split checks, WIN.

i had one very large black angus rib and some pork tenderloin. both were delicious and i think the 'spicy' sauce complimented the rib meat well. the spicy pickle chips were tasty (fun fact: they are vegan/vegetarian, although i'm not sure if any vegs i know would ever step foot in this establishment).

i for one was grateful to have tried this spot on a freezing cold weeknight. it took me a while to decide what to order and not having a line behind me was ideal. did not have the room in my tummy for dessert!
I think they should change the name of Fette Sau to Fatty Sow. 

At least that's how our meal turned out. Tried the pork ribs (they looked good, tasted ok, maybe a little dry, but were nothing special), the brisket (it looked juicy, but it was so fatty and even the meaty part was so marbled with fat it must've been liposuctioned from the poor pig), and pork belly (looked fatty, tasted fatty, but no surprise here). Of the meat part of our meal, we had probably two thirds fat and bone and one third meat. Not good when you are paying by the pound... As far as the three sauces go, one was vinegary (passed on that one), one was tangy and decent, and a third, which had the consistency of runny toothpaste, was nasty and tasted like a plum. Granted the burnt end baked beans were pretty good but the kraut is much better next door. We tried the key lime pie for dessert. The pie was mostly merengue and crust...there was so little key lime custard in it that it was barely noticeable and not very enjoyable. The decor (like Frankford Hall next door) is cool and hipster industrial, with a faux porch thrown and old furniture thrown in for good measure. The employees were very friendly, but to pay over $50 for a meal (I took a picture of what we ate...granted we also had two sodas and a water) that was mostly fatty, it's pretty clear that Steven Starr's pork barrel project needs some fixin.
I am from Texas... This is not good BBQ. I am sorry. I tried. I really, really tried. I wanted to love it because it is styled like all the new hipster bbq places in Texas. All my friends (Yankees) were raving about it. The reviews are great. 
But... yuck. The meat is all too fatty. Go to even a middle grade BBQ joint in Texas like the Rudy's (that is a gas station + restaurant combo chain in Texas) and the meat there is sooo much better. I had to try the brisket because that is honestly how you know if a place can BBQ... there was no good smoke ring and globs of fat. Even Rudy's will offer you fat or trimmed brisket - two different briskets that they cook - and it will have the most beautiful smoke ring around the meat.

Don't get me started on the sauces. Yuck.

If you're from anywhere south of North Carolina (their BBQ sucks, too ha) you will likely not be impressed.

Sad.
Meat lovers in paradise.

Dry rub bbq haven, that changes their offerings daily.  Some hit it out of the park, some fall flat.  The ribs (both pork and beef) and the brisket never seem to disappoint, but the pulled pork and chicken are often dry.  Meh.

It's expensive eats - charging from anywhere $19 - $22 a pound of meat - after you add in sides, and a drink or two, you're definitely at least $40 - $50 bucks in for two people.

The sides are what disappoint the most - the only decent options are the corn, mac and cheese (both seasonal), and the burnt end beans - skip the brocoli, potato salad and the rest, as they are all served cold and seriously under seasoned.  Most of the deserts can be cloyingly sweet.  The sweet and hot BBQ sauces are really good though, so if you're into saucy BBQ, make sure to give them a try.

The space, especially the outside is spacious and festive, and there's nary a wait to order or to snag a table.  Ideal for groups.
We we're going to get takeout the other night but considering you can order straight from the counter we figured we would see how it is (with the cold) and decide when we got there if we wanted to sit and eat or carry it back home. 

Well... we stayed! There are heat lamps to keep you cozy, they even have an area in the back with an awning, which helps the heat stay with you. The vibe was very enjoyable. We ate, sipped on our cocktails and played a game. All while enjoying the laughter coming from the table behind us. 

There are plenty of items to choose from the menu. I wanted every single side but decided to go with the collard greens and deviled eggs to pair with the juicy brisket. I would say they make the best deviled eggs I've ever had, with a straight face. 

The bartender was very cool, I asked about the speciality drink which was a lavender hot toddy. I love me a hot toddy in the winter, and after a thorough explanation he mentioned that he created the beverage himself. Kudos to you my friend, it was amazing. 

My advice to you, go here and try everything.
Let me preface by saying I'm not a fan of dry Memphis style BBQ where the smoke is the only thing I can taste.  If you're into that, ignore this and head up there right now cause you'll probably dig it.  Also, I didn't try the bar at all but I'm sure if you're into whiskey and good cocktails, this place would deliver.

Maybe I don't like my BBQ that expensive.  Perhaps it's the allure of "organic...no preservatives or hormones....free range" that warrants jacking up prices.  Maybe I always thought Damon's Sports Bar & Grill had the best ribs- unhealthy, full of preservatives and hormones, and slathered in BBQ sauce till it's fall off the bone.

While I'm all for fresh ingredients and a char on my meat, I was thoroughly unimpressed.  As I said, the St. Louis Style ribs weren't cooked in the style I was used to but setting personal preference aside for a moment, it wasn't tender enough to fall off the bone (I found myself gnawing quite a bit), and the "smoky" flavor really tasted like chemicals to me- overwhelmingly.  Second, the sauces were unimpressive (the sweet, tangy one was the only one I liked and I had to smother my ribs in it to redeem them).  Third, the pork 'n beans side was more like soup and didn't have the "burnt" ends the menu promised.  I found myself filling up on the dinner rolls instead.

For the whole price per pound thing, a worker suggested that a pound is enough for two people.  Luckily, the guy behind the counter cut a pound and weighed it for us before we bought it.  A pound is enough for one adult human only, unless you're getting tons of sides and samples of other meats.  We got 2 pounds to at least make a meal of it, the beans, rolls, and 2 Cokes, and it came to $60.  For 2 people with no alcohol, that's steep.

On the plus side, the ambience is very cute and outdoorsy and every worker we interacted with was helpful and very friendly.  Unfortunately, the food just didn't deliver.  Will not be back here.
I've put off trying Fette Sau long enough and it was about damn time I did.  First of all, can someone tell me how to pronounce this place and tell me the meaning of it?  OK, now that that's out of the way, I came here on Memorial Day.  I love a good ol' fashioned cookout, but I went with REAL BBQ today (mostly due to the fact that no one was having a cookout...or wasn't invited to one). 

Fette Sau has a different style to it.  It's cafeteria style here, so no servers.  Everything is priced per pound, so be careful-- it's hard to add up the price of everything and seems that you'll spend more.  On the other hand, it does provide the opportunity to sample as much as you'd like.  I tried a variety of their menu: pulled pork, brisket, ribs, and their "burnt end" sandwich.  The sandwich was a potpourri of all of their meats on one roll.  As for the sides, I had the German potato salad, broccoli salad, and baked beans.  To go with everything, they have 3 different kinds of sauce-- a spicy, sweet, and vinegar based sauce.  

Every one of the meats was amazing.  Smoked to perfection, Fette Sau gets each one of them right.  None of them were dry, but tasting them with the different kinds of sauces, made it seem like there I was sampling more than just four of their meats.  The spicy variety of their sauce wasn't very spicy, but it still had a decent kick to it.  My all time favorite is vinegar BBQ sauce.  I thought it was a little too vinegar taste, but still was pretty good.  As for the sweet sauce, I felt it was their best one and paired the best with most of them.  I was a little disappointed not to find chicken on their menu.  I don't know if they rotate different items on their menu, but it should be a staple.  

As for the sides, I'd say they were good but not great.  The broccoli salad was a little too tart for me and only had about 2 bites of it.  The German potato salad was really good, but is that the right style for BBQ?  I could be wrong on this.  Lastly, the baked beans were very good and quite possibly the best I've ever tasted. 

Fette Sau is a very good BBQ place and one of the best in Philly.  However, there were a few things that kept it from getting the coveted 5 star review.  It was cafeteria style instead of server style.  I guess this makes it unique, but when I go out, I like to be waited on.  For being a true BBQ restaurant, it lacked a few must haves.  As I said earlier, they didn't have chicken.  Let's get with it.  Chicken is extremely easy to cook, and doesn't require the long hours of the others.  Mac and Cheese.  I was appalled to see, MnC curiously omitted from the Sides section of the menu.  How can a BBQ joint not have mac and cheese?!  Lastly, the corn bread.  You heard me right-- CORNBREAD!  This is just silly.  Get your act together Stephen Starr and add these three items.
We were at Fette Sau for a going away party with a large group. The barbecue was pretty bland but we had been before for the atmosphere. But the bartender and server kept complaining at us as soon as it hit 11 o'clock. We had been there since 7:30 and had spent a lot of money and wanted to finish our drinks, but they made a big deal about cleaning up around us and even took a drink out of our friend's hand. It was rude and very unprofessional.
Beware of the pricing. Listen, this is good BBQ. The ribs--both beef and pork--are delicious. The brisket is tasty, and they have some interesting sauces, sides, and beers.

Big problem is they way they sell their food: by the pound. I lived in Texas for 7 years. Went to a lot of BBQ joints. Never saw it sold by the pound. It's a gimmick, and it's terribly misleading. Who the frig thinks, "Mmm. I'm hungry. I could really go for 3-quarters of a pound of ribs"? It should be "2 meats, 1 side" or "3 meats, 1 side."

I ordered a healthy serving of beef ribs, pork ribs, and brisket (hey, I ran a lot that day), and the bill was 33 bucks. Come on! For that price I could get an entree, appetizer, and a beer at a lot of decent restaurants.
The concept behind Fette Sau might be working for some folks, it did not for me.  Entering the cavernous premises, cold and impersonal except for the great blues music, our not very complicated order took forever (cutting the meats, weighing the meats, preparing the sides).  By the time we got our plate, most of the meats were cold and a friend was still trying to get his beers at the bar (they also must be paid for separately).
The food:  mostly just ok.  The pulled pork was for some reason immensely greasy, the flank steak sinewy, the chicken, despite its purported farm provenance, fairly tasteless.  Only the fatty ribs had a strong barbecue flavor.  As for the accompanying sauces, the one with smoked hot pepper was very good in that it spiced up the bland meats.
Sides were generally better:  really tasty, smoky baked beans (the favorite at our table), nice sour pickles (how can you go wrong with Guss' pickles), and good slaw (the broccoli was bland).  The beer selection was adequate, with local favorites and a few excellent out-of-town additions, like Sixpoint Vienna, a fine pale ale. 
The bill, as other reviewers pointed out, added up quickly, but that was not my main problem at Fette Sau.  A bigger question is does a BBQ plate have to be so complicatedly prepared (this is also an issue at Blue Belly BBQ).  I shudder to think how long we would have had to wait on a busy night (we were there Monday).
GORGEOUS BUILDING. Holy crap, Fette Sau fulfills my restored industrial dreams and then more. I want the interior designers to come to my place and fix it up. Part inside-part outside, the construction alone makes this place worth a visit. Unfortunately, the price, portions and quality of the meat here are all put a damper on the place. It could be effing amazing; instead it's just really cool with ok food. 

First, the bar. Wow. Wooden open shelving, white tile blacksplash (dreams!), stainless steel counter, excess of spirits and beer. It's eye-catching and enticing. Next to it, you will be lured by the meat station. Slabs of chicken, ribs and beef brisket. You have to buy it in pound portion -- which is just really awkward for sharing AND for single servings. You don't really know how much you're buying and before you know it, you've spent $60 on a snack for 4 people. The line is long and takes forever. So then you're stuck thinking about how annoying it is that a place that looks so cool has so many impracticalities about it. The brisket was mildly dry, ribs didn't have the kind of flavor that pops, the pork belly was fatty even for pork belly. It was all GOOD, yes, but I wouldn't go to Fette Sau for BBQ. I'd go there to drink in the ambiance and grab a beer.
I've made two trips to Fette Sau.  But the first time I was extremely inebriated, so I'm going to go ahead and focus only on my second visit.

First of all, Fette Sau is in an awesome location.  Not only is it right next to Frankford Hall and a short walk from places like Johnny Brendas and the Piazza, this spot is easily accessible from the Market Frankford Subway and the Girard Ave Streetcar.  If you choose to drive, I suggest parking at Sugar House for free and walking down.  It's approximately a 5-10 minute walk.  As far as I know, no one will mess with your car in that parking lot, but don't quote me on that.

Once you arrive, you come through an entrance that feels like you are in some back alley, Prohibition-era gin joint.  I really like the vibe in this place with the long picnic tables, and the barn-like feel that it has.  

How service works at Fette Sau is you walk up to the food counter and order your meats by the pound.  Likewise, the sides are sold a la carte, in small and large sizes.  Once they give you your food, you pay at that counter.  Drinks are sold in a similar fashion.  All tables are self-seated (no reservations are taken here)  Super casual and great for groups.  Makes it super easy to grab more food and drinks, as you desire, throughout the night. 

So the atmosphere is fun, but how's the food?  I actually really enjoyed everything we ordered.  On our visit, my husband and I shared some pulled pork and a bunch of sides:  Burnt end baked beans, german potato salad, broccoli salad, and coleslaw.  I am a huge fan of both the meat and the sauces here.  Of the sides, I would say the baked beans were my favorite.  They had these little morsels of pork mixed in and the beans were the perfect amount of sweet and salty... yum-o!  I was a big fan of the german potato salad and the coleslaw.  However, I was a bit underwhelmed by the broccoli salad even though I'm normally a huge fan of broccoli.

Beer list is pretty solid.  And they always have a cider on tap, which is great for people who may not care for beer.  They apparently also have a huge selection of whiskey, but that's not really my thing.  I would say that Fette Sau would be a great location for grabbing some beers with a group of friends- it's quiet enough to hear your friends but also lively enough that you don't feel like its a funeral.

Another note on the atmosphere:  On my last visit, we arrived around 645 on a Friday.  And it was PACKED with children.  Now I don't have children so I don't normally assess the kid-friendliness of restaurants.  But I would definitely say that Fette Sau is one of those places where it is totally cool to bring your entire family.  

And finally, the prices.  I feel like you get a really good value for your money here.  Because you order by the pound and order your sides a la carte, you can order as much or as little as you choose.  My husband and I aren't huge eaters, and our meal cost us a little over $20 (excluding drinks).  Which in my opinion is pretty good.  Beer prices seem in line with the neighborhood, but one nice thing is that they sell half pints.  I LOVE half pints.  I'm a slow drinker and my beer always ends up warm OR my husband will drink 2-3 beers in the time it takes me to drink one and then he gets drunk OR my friends threaten to leave me at the bar if I don't finish those last 6 sips of beer!!  So yeah, they have half pints which is awesome.

Visit Fette Sau with a group, on a date, with your kids.  Visit Fette Sau for a big feast, a small bite, just a few beers.  Just make sure you visit!!
I had higher hopes for this restaurant as most Starr restaurants take the cake. However though the aesthetic was pleasing, the food was lackluster.

The pro's definitely include the fact that it neighbors Frankford Hall which I love and the cocktails are strong.

However if you're looking to indulge in flavorful ribs and juicy brisket, I recommend going to Percy Street BBQ instead.
Very very average BBQ . The spicy bbq sauce had a little too much cumin for my taste and really wasn't spicy .The sweet BBQ  sauce was okay . I came here for happy hour and got the chicken legs , the burnt end sandwich and hot Italian sausage which came out to be $15 a friend told me that there really aren't too many BBQ places in Philadelphia which is why this place is so popular and why people are willing to pay the non happy hour prices . 
Bottom line if you are really craving bbq and this place is close by and someone else is paying then give this place a shot ...otherwise I'd hold out . I don't think I'll be visting this place again  besides maybe for a $5 Manhattan if I do a Philadelphia style bar crawl with friends .

Price wise .... if you are ever in LA ....Lucille's is better alternative  for the same price if you are familiar with chain bbq restaurants . ( BBQ is perfectly cooked and the sauce is on point ) 

My favorite is Phillips in Los Angeles though . Their spicy rib tip sandwich will change your life .
If you are looking to go on a meat cleanse, make this your daily stop. Fette Sau is absolutely delicious, and everything they make is a 5 star dish in my opinion. For someone who rarely eats red meat (me), I literally fantasize about this place every time I am in Northern Liberties/Fishtown. To make thing even better, they have multiple whiskeys and craft beers to choose from at the bar. The line is always long, but it will move. Plus the meat smells physically will not allow you to leave the line.

The best sides (IMO) are the broccoli, mac and cheese and baked beans. The only thing that could make this place better is cornbread (but alas, they are dedicated to the potato roll). 
Coming here with a group is a great idea because seating is casual picnic benches. Coming here after a few beers at nextdoor Frankford Hall is an even better idea. 

Make sure to wear your stretch pants!
I'm a really huge fan of the concept of Fette Sau.  Food wise it is pretty no-frills, order at the counter, walk away with huge plates of meat and sides. The atmosphere is typical Starr, totally devoted to the concept, open, with picnic table dining it really invokes a fun, backyard bbq. There is a ton of sitting room and it feels very welcoming.  
The food is some of the best BBQ I've had in the city. My Mom decided to go away with my aunts and uncles and my dad for Mother's day so I came with my brother and some cousins - it was Mother's Day so it was very slow (great food but not exactly the place Mom really wants to go for her special day I'd say). Got in the short line and ordered almost everything off the menu - we got pulled pork, pork belly, ribs and brisket.  The meats are priced per pound but you can order as much or as little as you want. There are a ton of sides too, my favorite was the broccoli salad, but they were out of mac and cheese which I suspect would have taken the lead. The BBQ is dry rub, so it is not saucy, but the tables are stocked with a variety of choices of sauce - sweet, spicy and vinegar. I tried them all and they were all perfectly tasty without overwhelming the meat. Everything was fall apart perfect and so delicious. Though the ribs and the brisket were my favorite you can't go wrong with any of them! 
A huge draw for me as well is the bar, they have one of the most extensive whiskey/bourbon lists I've seen in the city and the bartenders are very knowledgeable on the subject. If you like whiskey you should come just for the bar and cocktails ($5 old fashioned's for happy hour!).  
Lastly, a party was being set up when we were there, and the bartender was telling us that they do private parties all of the time, you can rent the one room or the entire place and they have many different options. We're considering doing my dad's 60th here now! Just a tip if you're looking for something fun but different for your next event!
Fette Sau offers some of the meatiest ribs you will find anywhere and they are juicy.  I favor dry rubbed meat instead of drowning it in sauce and Fette Sau scores well on that.  On the downside the dry rub was relatively bland.  And I didn't care for the cafeteria line approach to serving.  I especially didn't like having to line up at the bar for a beer after having waited in the food line.  I recommend sending a friend to order drinks while you are ordering food.  Lastly the food is pricey.  In the midwest my favorite rib place charges $12.95 for half a rack, two sides, and a basket of rolls and cornbread with butter and jalapeño jelly.  Two short ribs, half a rack of pork ribs, four sides, and two soft dinner rolls was $67 at Fette Sau!!  Even allowing for big city prices that is expensive for a rib joint.
Last year I was watching some food show and I saw this place and in my mind I planned a trip there sometime soon. Well fast foward to a year later and I still haven't gone. Since Brooklyn (where the original Fette Sau is) seems to a food mecca of itself its still on my very near future to take a train ride up and go on a foodie tour. I digress, back to the business at hand. This location of Fette Sau is so darn cute, I mean the decor is really awesome. Love that they used reclaimed wood, it amazes me that something that is very new looks so rustic and old. I honestly didn't feel like I was in Philadelphia. So for decor and atmosphere, they get a 10. Now onto the food...

We went early on a Saturday, no line, walked up and ordered... Since I had pretty much studied the menu online as if I were taking my last final before graduation, I already knew what I wanted and how much of it I wanted. 1/4 pound of brisket, small baked beans, and a soda. $15 later, I headed back to my seat and was ready to indulge into one of my all time favorite meal combinations. The brisket was a tad greasy but that can be attributed to the fact that it had a nice amount of fat in it, which I absolutely love! A lets talk about the bark on the brisket, HELLOOOO, the bark was the highlight... They can serve me brisket bark and I would be in heaven. Baked  Beans were a great flavor, a little too al dente for me, but they would be amazing if they were cooked a little longer, just my personal preference. Liked the food enough to spend another $50 on takeout. My guests had the pork belly and raved about it.  Busboy was really nice as well as the counter staff! Customer service was on point. While it may not be the bestest (yes I said bestest) brisket I have ever had it was certainly in my top 5. 

Plus, I think Steven Starr is an amazing restauranteur, and loved the fact that he knew enough not to mess with the original. If your into bbq go for the food if your into design go check out the simple yet rustic very well designed restaurant.
I come from the land of big hair, and have eaten off the butcher paper at the Luling City Market in central Texas, and Smitty's where the hallway you traverse to order your meat is a tunnel, black from smoke deposited over the previous 108 years of heavenly fires.  So listen to me grasshopper, when I say Fette Sau is doing something right with their meat.  

Brisket (both fat and lean) - Check
Hot Links - Check
Ribs, Chicken & Beans - Check, Check, and Check 

On this score alone many BBQ joints fail but Fette Sau has all the requirements covered PLUS a fine whiskey station with single drops of water - they know their stuff about hooch too.  (the bacon brownies were an extra special over-the-top bonus)

The meat is the star and doesn't disappoint.  Great black bark, good snap to the links, ribs that hold on to their meat when you bit them, and lovely unctuous brisket.  (whoever made the comment about the brisket being "too fatty" is a total novice, clearly doesn't know jack about brisket).  There is no need for utensils, use your fingers; there are miles of paper towels and "wetnaps" galore.

Now is it the best barbecue I've ever had, no, but it is very respectable and I would have no problem bringing any of my Texas relatives here for a really good time.  But you don't have to be a Texas ex-pat to appreciate this place.  The building and layout is fun, funky, rustic, with great music and an easygoing relaxed vibe - probably sustained by the happy patrons in meat comas.  

In fact there is a distinct risk, if after imbibing too much at the whiskey bar, of forgetting that one is in Philly and making the assumption that you are in Austin.  Anyone who needs to get thier brisket on - should run, not walk to Fette Sau, they'll take care of you.

Gentleman I give you four stars with two recommendations - 1) Work on your smoke ring, it's still a bit thin, and 2) Brew up a vat of some decent unsweetened iced tea damn it!  

Y'all have done well.
There's a lot going on at Fette Sau.  Everything's unique: the food, the ordering method, the ambiance... and all were really successful.

You walk up to what feels like a butcher shop counter, and order from a selection of amazing looking meat sitting in the window in front of you, by weight or by number of slices or number of ribs or however you like.  They weigh it out, they drop it onto a paper-lined tray... and they hand it to you.  Plates are paper, and optional.  Drinks are completely separate and handled by the bar right next to the food counter.  The beer list is great, as it would have to be in Northern Liberties/Fishtown, particularly right next to Frankfort Hall.

I'm not even sure how to describe the design of the place.  First of all it's much larger than I expected, it really opens up once you pass the entryway.  There's a courtyard that's uncovered with a handful of picnic tables (each with a personal outdoor heater, which a server offered to come by and adjust for us without us even asking, which was a very nice touch), and then behind that is what's built to look like an old shack, also full of tables, to form an indoor seating area.  The bar and food counter are both under cover as well, with big garage doors which I assume will close this area off to the winter cold when it comes.

But you don't care about that.  You're here to read about the food.  And the food was very very tasty.  The pork belly was my #1, it was juicy and crispy and melted in my mouth.  That was followed very closely by the delicious pork ribs.  The pulled pork was fantastic, and making little sandwiches from the mound of it on the perfect little buns they sell for 50c was a lot of fun.

The meats are dry when you get them, and tasty just as they are, but there's a trio of sauces on the table for you to add a sweet, smoky or vinegar-y glaze, however you like it.

Fette Sau had a lot of hype behind it, as any restaurant would when it's imported from Brooklyn by Stephen Starr.  Overall I think it lives up, and I'm excited to have it so close to where I live!  I will definitely be back for more.
I like this place. Not to be some kind of stickler or snob about barbecue restaurants but I love bbq and I know what I like.

The common thread I see with people disliking this place is the cost. For excellent BBQ you get what you pay for and the ribs here are so good that the cost is clearly worth it. The pulled pork is always super dry so I'd recommend treading very lightly into that realm. Sides seem to be hit or miss, I haven't had any issues with them as an accoutrement but if you're a greens or Mac and cheese connoisseur you may be let down. With that said, it's imperative to recognize that BBQ is an ever evolving process and if you didn't like this place or a specific aspect of it then you owe it at least one more visit before you disparage their efforts.

It must be said that the sauce selection is lackluster. The spicy isn't spicy, the sweet is generic but the vinegar is a nice added touch. I wouldn't give this place anything less that 5 stars but beware that to get a large meal you're going to spend some cash monies.
Still a solid happy hour, and most of what I said on my previous review is true except this which I felt warranted an update! 
Fette Sau still offers up $5 Manhattans and Old Fashioned and the $4 burnt end sandwich or chicken legs + slaw. However, the one major change is that now they pre-make the Old Fashioned during happy hour and dispense directly from the tap. They sometimes will make you a fresh one if you request it during happy hour, but it's at the bartenders' discretion. I personally haven't tried any of the draft pours, but my friends that have seem to think that they don't taste as good and that the alcohol content is a bit lighter. 
Outside of that, they haven't change much in the last 6 years since my last review!
Opening night. Ordered 1/4 of Pork Belly - Very tender, spot on smoked pork flavor, a  sausage link- smokey and perfectly seasoned, 1/4 rack of St. Louis style ribs, great flavor but a little dry but not bad. Sad to say they ran out of the brisket. Beer selection is very good, locals and other craft brewerys on draught. And a nice bottled selection. I ordered a Buillet Rye Old Fashioned, but the bar did not have any fruit (orange, cherries or bitters), that was a disappointment. The lovely bartender did recommend a cocktail called the Fishtown ....*something* I forget the whole name, but it was a good substitute. I'd give the place a 4 or even a 5 out of 5 star rating, but I was disappointed in the the dry rack of ribs that I ordered, running out of the brisket so early on in the evening and not having the apppropiate "basic" bar cocktail ingredients(fruit/bitters etc...).

The atmosphere was really cool, inside seating, booths, an some tables around the bar area, and a seperate dining area. Plenty of outdoor seating, Philly, unlike the Brooklyn spot, was not cramped at all. We sat outside under the heat lamps. Perfect chilly fall evening for good BBQ, beer and booze!


It was Fette Sau's official public openining so I'll let them pass for now! Service was very good and friendly, a little slow at the counter, but again they just opened. I think once they get the kinks out, they will be a real hit. Will definely be back!


NOTE: 
I checked out Bubba's Texas BBQ on their soft opening last weekend, the brisket was excellent- tender juicy smoked perfection, ribs were nicely smoked and moist and tender but not as flavorful as Fette Sau's rack...also, the Bubba's bartender Evan, had all the ingredients to make my Old Fashioned. Bubba's also has a nice selection of locals on draught and bottled beers. BT BBQ might be a smaller, local neigborhood BBQ joint, but they were very successful in providing really good BBQ and cocktails.
Went on opening day, and I was the first customer in line, but I let the guy behind me go 1st because I didn't know what I wanted! I love the overall atmosphere in the place! It didn't even feel like I was still in Philly! The food was really really good, the owner (Joe) was really nice as well! I like how they serve their meats on the sheet pans with butcher paper! Reminds me of a BBQ restaurant in Memphis! Starr was not there, they said he was going to come in later on! Also get the bacon brownie!
When I first attempted to find Fette Sau I walked right past the fairly unassuming entrance; basically an open gate directly adjacent to the South side of Frankford Hall.  But as you enter below a small, pink neon sign, you see racks of kegs and firewood to the left, a charming bricked outdoor area with picnic tables, an old-fashioned painted beer ad on the right, and straight ahead, a country shack complete with tin roof straight out of Appalachia.  The inside is beautiful; dark woods, exposed bricks and beams and yes, even a cast-iron stove!  Is this the Disney World of barbecue joints?  Yes.  But it works.

With a little googling I discovered that Fette Sau means fat sow (female pig) in German.  (Fetten is also a German word that means "to grease"!) Also, the restaurant is almost identically copied from a restaurant of the same name in Brooklyn (Barcade-style) owned by restauranteur Joe Carroll, who partnered with Stephen Starr to bring Fette Sau to Philly.  Evidently Starr wanted to do barbecue in Philly but didn't think this concept could be topped.

When you enter, the meat counter (complete with pig head) with side dishes is on the left and the bar is on the right.  It's all counter service, no table service.

Meats generally come priced per pound, but you can get 1/4 pound, 1/2 pound, etc.  It was $4 per sausage link, $10 for a half chicken and $16-$23 per pound for brisket, pulled pork, ribs, etc. Sides (potato salad, beans, mushrooms, etc.) are $3-$4.50 small, double it for a bigger portion.  Some people complained about the prices here, but my friend and I shared a pound of meat and 2 small sides.  It came to around $22 and was filling enough for both of us.  As long as you don't pack on tons of sides, prices are not unreasonable.

Brisket and pulled pork were tender and delicious.  They use a dry rub, no sauce.  The website recommends you eat it as is, without sauce, but I do prefer sauce on my barbecue.  They have 3 sauces on your table: sweet, spicy and vinegar.  One reason for not going 5 stars is I wasn't a fan of the sauces.  The sweet is good, but standard.  The spicy and vinegar are not very good.  Honestly Percy Street on South Street has better sauces.  The potato salad had mustard in it and was delicious.

The bar is extremely charming complete with tap handles made from meat cleavers, forks, etc.  They had a small but good draft list (e.g. Founders porter).  You can order beer in almost any size: 1/2 pint, pint, quart, gallon, etc.  They all come in mason jars or jugs.  Beers were priced $6-$7 for a pint size.  Some were overpriced.

Otherwise, it appears they only do whiskey.  They really do have some amazing whiskeys available here.  For a flight you can pick from 12 groupings priced $13 all the way up to $34.  In each group they present you with 3 whiskeys, a fairly small amount of each in a tasting snifter.  We tried a flight of single barrel bourbons, $22 for 3 small snifters, all delicious.  They give you an eye dropper to put some water in for your tasting.

The presentation of the whiskeys was great, but otherwise bar service was questionable, another reason for not 5 stars.  The bar was not crowded, yet it took awhile to get a beer.  The bartender then gave my change to the gentleman to my right.  Later the bartender forgot to charge us for the flight of whiskey.  Prior to leaving my moral side overcame me and she was thankful when I asked her if she wanted me to pay.

Otherwise, service was pleasant.  The folks at the meat counter were helpful in helping us decide on an appropriate amount of food.  And, despite not having table service, someone did come by multiple times to ask us how things were.

Did I mention they even had an appropriate blues soundtrack playing throughout the evening?  Bourbon, brisket + blues = impressive.  

Stephen Starr wins again.  Artfully executed as always.  A very pleasing experience, especially in decor.  Food is not unreasonably priced if you order a reasonable amount of food.  Some of the beers are a bit expensive and the whiskey is quite expensive, but it's world class bourbon so that's how things go.  Not a place I would go regularly, but I'll definitely be back sometime to share some ribs and whiskey with friends. A perfect combination, by the way.
If you decide to make your way over to Fette Sau, please take time to prepare in advance, by which I mean please do not eat for 24 hours ahead of time and then plan not to eat for another 24 hours after.

Such an original Barbecue joint with the best pork belly I have ever had. The chicken was surprisingly delicious, as was everything else.

Extensive whiskey selection and the bartenders are extremely informative.  Great spot for the summertime, with tons of picnic tables outside and conveniently located right by the Beer Garden. You'll feel like a fat kid when they finally roll you out, but it's worth it..Bacon brownie dessert and all. Yes, bacon in the brownie. I was skeptical at first, too.

Vegetarians: Beware.
Oh man, I'm really surprised I'm leaving this review. First of all, full disclosure, I ordered from Caviar so I did not eat in house. 

I got ribs, some brisket and beans/Mac and cheese on the side. 

The brisket is awesome. Tastes good, and not dry or over cooked. 

But that's it, the rest of the order went from Meh to straight up disappointing. The ribs are too peppery and dry. The beans are okay. The Mac and cheese is horrible. You can buy a box of Kraft and do way better.

I'm disappointed, the pricing is so high and the food is so low quality. Very very unfortunate. If you're looking for BBQ go to sweet Lucy's.
Just an update to my previous review, but I went here a second time and I tried the beef brisket, the ribs, the hot Italian sausage, and the spicy slaw. THESE WERE ALL AMAZING, but the beef brisket is definitely the best that I've had so far. Obviously got the mac and cheese again, and still good. See attached picture!
I'm not sure what I thought this place was every time I've passed it on Frankford Avenue for the past couple of years, but I never would've guessed BBQ joint. Don't let the fancy pink neon script fool you, this place is meant for you to get down and dirty with some sauce and some spectacular meat. 

After discovering that this place was a meat lovers heaven, we stopped by tonight during their happy hour (5-7 half price drafts and cheap small eats) and I'm very glad we snuck in the door right beforehand because the menu by itself look priceeeeeeey. We ended up getting the Smoked Deviled Eggs, the Mac and Cheese, Smoked Chicken legs, the Burnt End Sandwich and some Spicy Slaw. 

Smoked Devil Eggs- the Smokey flavor really caught me by surprise right before you finish it off completely. I was super impressed that that was even possible, but the Smokey is lent really a flavor, in my opinion more of a sensation. The yolk itself could've used a little more spices or paprika. 

Mac and Cheese- maybe a 5 out of 10. I feel like they really missed the mark on this, even though they gave you a rather large serving. Not enough bread crumbs and to much of a "cheesy" flavor that you get when you only use American. Could've possibly used some bacon to add the salt component that this side was missing.

Smoked Chicken Legs- The skin was crispy and had a great char on it, but the meat inside was still remarkably juicy. Flavor packed. 

Burn End Sandwich- amazing. Just amazing. They give you two rolls and a hunk of ends and you make the sandwiches yourself. The flavor of the meat by itself was powerful, but I added some of their "sweet" sauce found at the end of the table to bring it up to the next level. Honestly I don't even think you needed the bread, could've just eaten that stuff with a fork and some sauce. Don't waste the stomach space on it 

Spicy Slaw- would've probably been better if I added it to the burnt end sandwich. I personally prefer mayo based sales and this one has a vinegar note, which I'm personally not a fan of. In terms of spice, I think it as an enjoyable heat, but not too much whereas you needed to drink a bunch of water. 

Summary of food: if the only thing they really needed to improve on was the Mac and cheese and they specialize in smoked meats, I think they're doing just fine. 

The aesthetic itself was cool, with chicken wire light fixtures and a mismatched assortment of chairs and tables. I'm so glad i finally discovered that this place existed. Their bar has a KILLER whiskey selection and the patio seems like a great place to chill for hours.
I'm a Texan. I take my meat very seriously. Fette Sau has given me hope that I may, in fact, survive my new life as a Philadelphian. 

I came here out of complete chance - I attended a service event hosted by United By Blue (a Philly based company), and as a thank you, the volunteers were fed a buffet at Fette Sau. I wasn't sure what to expect, but shout out to UBB for getting me here. I enjoyed my experience.

The buffet was limited, but when food is free, beggars can't be choosy. There was a choice of beef and pork burnt ends or chicken legs. By the time I reached the buffet table, the chicken was gone. The beef and pork was all mixed together in a serving pan. This didn't bother me, but for my Muslim friend, she was unable to make a plate. When she approached an employee about other options, she was completely shut down. Again - the food was free, so I understand the limited options, but I also really value good customer service and felt the employee could have been a little kinder. With all that being said - the burnt ends were amazing. Juicy, tender, and full of flavor. I was super happy.

The sides were rolls, mac and cheese, and a spicy slaw. The rolls were soft, and I was pleased with the mac and cheese, but the slaw was essentially just shredded purple cabbage and peppers; I was not a huge fan.

BBQ sauce is ESSENTIAL. On the table were two bottles, one spicy, one sweet. I'm known to favor a bit of a kick, but the spicy sauce was very spicy. The sweet sauce is where it's at - not the best I've ever had, but still very good. 

There's a huge bar with a wide selection of craft beer, wine, and various whiskeys. There is also plenty of seating. It's a community style set-up, so be prepared to make new friends, as you're bound to be sharing a table. I really loved the outdoor seating area. On a beautiful spring evening, this would be a great option to grab a good drink and enjoy the air. 

I'm keen to come back and try more menu options, but I'm a little apprehensive about their pricing - it seems a bit high. Not sure this would be my top option for an expensive meal, but at least now I'm aware of a solid BBQ joint.
as a NoLibs resident, I was really excited for Fette Sau's opening.  We went New Years night for dinner.  While the food was good, it was very overpriced for what we got.  4 ribs, a side of beans, a side of mushrooms and water was $35.  Given the cafeteria style, seat yourself service,  I would have expected it to be a bit more reasonable.  That said, the ribs were juicy and not overcooked and the sides were tasty. No cornbread was disappointing for a BBQ joint though.  If the meal had been a bit cheaper, I would probably return, but for what we got and the atmosphere, Fette Sau won't be on my list again.  Bubba's BBQ right up Girard is much more reasonable and the food is just as good.
The place looks great smells great the service is pretty good... we stopped in for lunch I was excited to retry it out... when we arrived the women behind the counter said they recommend half lb of meat per person... they charge by the pound (lb) so we ordered 1 lb of the angus beef short ribs and 1lb of the pulled pork.... side of collard greens...the ribs were were pretty good but the pulled pork had so much fat almost half it was gross more then half the pulled was just fat ...$51.00+ for what we received was crazy... sorry I really wanted to live this place .
I should have taken it back but I didn't...I wouldn't recommend this place....2 stars because if the place looks cool
I like barbecue...most people do. I wouldn't say it's my favorite cuisine in the world but sometimes you just want to go back to your caveman roots and tear apart some flesh! 

That said, I lived across from Fette Sau for 4 months, literally across the street, and I always thought it was closed as the front courtyard was always empty. But finally, it dawned on me that they do have (a rather huge) interior building as well. So my bf and I stopped him after he raved about his man brunch there with his brother and father the week prior. 

We got the brisket, pulled pork, and some other juicy, meaty joy. We rounded it out with some potato salad (which was BOMB), and cole slaw (also bomb). The meat was good; the spicy sauce and vinegar definitely kicked it up a notch. We also had the bacon brownie, which was good but I wouldn't write home about it. 

So if I'm so not enthused by the food, why 4 stars? Simple--COCKTAILS!! I was not expecting a hidden BBQ joint to have my favorite drinks in Fishtown but it does! We had the Fishtown Ryatt, and whatever the one named after Columbia Ave. First, clever drink names, great homage to Fishtown. Secondly, WOW, perfectly balanced, multi-faceted bourbon cocktails! What an art form! Our bartender was less than happy to be there but gave us some good advice on an upcoming trip to New Orleans. Thirdly, love the rusty butcher knife tap handles and the killer bourbon selection!!

Allllll I can say is that I can't wait til spring and summer, because this will be the perfect place to grab a drink outside at one of their picnic tables!
Fette Sau has a great atmosphere and you can forget you're in a city.  The dry rub on the meat was really good.  The price is high due the quality of the ingredients.  I will admit that the meat was really high quality and the cheese used in the Mac and Cheese was quality cheese.  The sauces that you put on the meat throws off a lot of people because it is a different way to eat BBQ, but it was still good.  

The spicy cole slaw was tasty. It wasn't super spicy, but it had a kick to it.   It also looks very appealing because it is so colorful.

One thing I didn't get was that they serve the Mac and Cheese starting at 4pm or 5pm on a Saturday.  I came there because I was craving some good Mac and Cheese, but since I came there an hour before they were serving it, I couldn't get it right away.  So I had to eat my meal then I got Mac and Cheese to go.  I do not recommend eating this Mac and Cheese in a small space.  It's fine in the open airy restaurant, but in a car was awful.  Don't be that person that brings it back to the office.  It was tasty, but the cheese was an overpowering smell.
so i'm not that into BBQ but came for happy hour by a friend's birthday request and i was really surprised that i enjoyed this place! the happy hour deals are one of the best in the city; $5 manhattans and old fashions and sandwiches, wings and deviled eggs under $9. i wasn't the biggest fan of the burnt end's sandwiches, the meat was a little more dry than i prefer but adding some of their spicy and bbq sauces made it really flavorful. i also really enjoy the slaw here, it's perfectly tangy and spicy, i'm a fan! service was really great and it's a very casual vibe if you're in a mood to grab some good food with friends with some cheap cocktails
Sigh... I had such high expectations! Unfortunately, I don't think I will return to Fette Sau. 

When we entered the courtyard (is that what it's called?) it wasn't clear to us which door to take. There was no sign. We ended up entering through the wrong door. Take the left door and you'll end up in the line for food. 

We ordered the brisket, pork belly, beef spareribs, the potato salad and the baked beans. We asked the guy to make a meal for 2 out of it. It ended up being 4 slices of brisket, 4 slices of pork belly and 1 good-sized rib. The brisket was meh. Although cooked well, it was too fatty for my taste which says a lot cause I like fat. No fat, no flavor! It also lacked the smokey taste. The same goes for the pork belly. The rib was quite tasty actually and the meat came off the bone. I didn't like the potato salad and the baked beans. M said they were the best baked beans he ever had though! 

It's a cool place to hang around for drinks and I like the industrial look. Staff was friendly. Parking is a hassle. Overall, not impressed at all but ok place to hang out. I prefer Percy Street Bbq on South Street.
Was it tasty? Sure! Was it expensive? Sure! 

Was it worth it?

No, not really.

I've heard of better BBQ just around the corner, so I will have to check it out. The dry rub was good. The sauces that they had on the table were straight up abysmal.
I'm glad I tried Fette Sau, as I've heard several good things about it, but I don't think I'll seek this place out again. 

For a place as popular as this, I was a little irked by how inefficient the ordering process was. From what I could see, there was only one person cutting/weighing the meats so the line moved very slowly. They also ran out of some cuts of meats very early in the night - they were already out of the pork belly, shrimp, and a couple other things at 7 PM on a Saturday. 

As for the food, it was hit or miss. The beef rib was tender, melt-in-your-mouth amazing (although very fatty). The short ribs were decent, I've had better and I've had worse. I was a little disappointed by the selection of sauces though. Because the meats are smoked, you add your own sauce, but there was only 1 sweet, 1 spicy (this one had a weird aftertaste), and vinegar available as options. I definitely expected a few more sauces. 

For sides, I also sampled the mac and cheese (deliciously creamy), sweet potato (forgettable), collard greens (just okay - wish they cut the pieces smaller). The burnt end beans were good, but overly salty. 

I will say it's a cool atmosphere, especially the outdoor patio area, and in a good location right next to Frankford Hall. 

I do also want to mention that I could not believe how expensive my meal was for the amount of food I ordered. I got one large portion of the burnt end baked beans, one beef rib, and two of the regular ribs... and the total came out to $27. I was shocked. Definitely be prepared to drop some $$$.
Fette Sau is the perfect place to grab dinner before a night out of drinking at Frankford Hall, Barcade, Johnny Brenda's, or the Barbary. It's not cheap (the beef short rib, my personal favorite, runs about ~$23/pound) but it is SO worth it! You can order as much (or as little) as you want! My personal favs are the beef short rib, the pulled pork, and the beef brisket. The short rib just falls right off the bone. My only issue is that just one rib will set you back about a pound, but they do have the courtesy of shaving off some of the fat AND warning you about the weight of the short rib before you get stuck with purchasing it. They will also offer complimentary potato rolls. I tend to skip out on the sides because I want to concentrate solely on the meat but to each their own!

Pro tip: mix the sweet, spicy, and vinegar sauces together. It is actually the most incredible combination to dip the meat in.

Also, if you are with a group and are worried about seating (especially on weekends), they have a system now where instead of trying to reserve a table while your friends wait in line, they will actually seat you & your group after you pay for the food. I think it's supposed to help, but when they tried to explain it, it turned out extremely confusing. Regardless, we got seated immediately and then the meat sweats took full effect.
I am only giving Fette Sau one star for the atmosphere. My boyfriend and I walked in and were impressed and could not wait to eat and dig in but as soon as we walked up to the amusement park style roped off line to order our meals, our smiles started to turn down. We were looking at the board (which seems to be the latest corny trend in all the new places in Fishtown) and the guy behind the counter rudely said, "Are you going to order or what?" So we kind of felt rush even low no one else was in line. The female cashier kind of had an attitude, too and only smiled when she handed over our credit card slip to sign. I looked down and noticed a huge tip jar. It made me feel like I was at Dunkin Donuts but at least they are polite and do not rush you. So, with the cafeteria tray in hand, I went to the bar to get 2 glasses of wine and stood waiting for at least minutes as the bartender talked to friends. (there was only about 10 people at the bar and I was ignored by both bartenders) Meanwhile, my boyfriend had to go collect paper plates and utensils. Luckily they weren't busy, but my thought was "What if there were no open tables? Where do we go with our trays?" Then we started to eat and didn't finish anything, except for the wine. The chicken and brisket were dry so we tried adding the sauce which didn't improve the taste. So we tried our sides, potato salad, sauerkraut and baked beans and I wasn't impressed with any of them but I was especially disappointed in the baked beans. They were extremely spicy and I can not do spicy, I literally had an allergic reaction the next day, it was horrible. Maybe I am just use to my family's real German cooking. We left hungry and we both felt sick. 

I hope this place changes. I love Steven Starr, I have always enjoyed all of his other establishments but I just don't understand why his people are handling his places differently in Fishtown; why do they not have servers? We only spent $75 but when I go out for dinner, I am sorry but I do not want to get up to get another paper plate or drinks at the bar. I believe it is extremely tacky and I hope they figure it out.
What a great addition to this block with Frankford Hall and Jonny Brenda's. From what I hear, this is a pretty close copy of the Fette Sau in Brooklyn (I've never been) meaning that Steven Starr's touch in is ambiance only. Ordering meat by the pound is totally satisfying, and they seem to change up specials pretty regularly - when I went the specials were pork belly (delicious) and tongue pastrami (interesting and good, though not my favorite). I also had pulled pork and Brisket. The Brisket was so tender and the fat pretty much melted in my mouth, so good. The beans were pretty good, but not amazing.

The meats aren't drenched in BBQ sauce, mostly dry-rub and slow cookin', with sauce bottles at the table. I personally wasn't a huge fan of the sauces there, though I preferred the sweet over the spicy. The vinegar was great though, especially when mixed in the pulled pork; it won't be the last time I try that combo!

They also have a pretty solid beer selection. Don't go if afraid of hipsters (but then why be in northern liberties anyway?)
I had really high hopes for Fette Sau since it's part of the Starr restaurant group. It wasn't terrible, but not as good as it could've and should've been, especially for the price. 
I ordered every meat they had except for the chicken legs. I got macaroni and cheese, cole slaw, beans, and cornbread as sides. The brisket was very good. It was cooked well and tasty! I also really enjoyed the short ribs. My partner thought they were fatty, which they were, but that is the nature of a short rib. The beans had burnt ends in them and I was excited to try them, but ended up not caring much for them. They have a chalky texture and there was no hint of sweetness which I like in my beans. The pork ribs were not very good at all. They were chewy and fatty and not fall-off-the-bone (or even close, for that matter). The cole slaw was meh; not much going on there. The mac and cheese was bland which I really couldn't believe. The sauces were tasty, but not anything incredibly special- just mediocre. I would've liked more flavors than sweet and (mildly) spicy. The cornbread was delicious.

The cocktails and beer were terrific although the bar was an absolute cluster f#$@. The bartender went around the bar with no regard for who was ready to order or who only needed to settle their tab. When I mentioned that I was ready to settle, he turned and ran my card without even asking me. I wanted to pay cash. To his credit, it was busy, but he could've used a bit more kindness in dealing with the public. 

The decor of the place is a bit heavy on the unfinished urban/junk chic. The bathrooms are partitioned with particle board. That just screams cheap to me. The furniture is all mismatched hodge podge of garage sale leftovers that look like they were destined for the dump. It just didn't strike my fancy. 

The orange cream pie was heavenly and a perfect end to my medium dinner. 

There is an honest lack of good barbecue in Southeastern PA. It is a disappointment to me that no one seems to be able to smoke a good set of ribs or make a tasty macaroni and cheese. I will just keep on trying and hoping that someone can come along eventually. That or I'll have to make a trip South every year for my bbq fix...
Waiting to stand in line to eat is so stupid. No food is worth standing around for an hour. Why can't I sit and get a waitress?
Also this place is super loud, so I can't have a conversation while I wait because I can't hear anyone. I'll just awkwardly stand around while the food I want gets 86ed. 

When you pay there's a tip line on the receipt, example receipts to show you how to fill it out, and nasty looks when you don't tip the person running the register! (I would love to tip 20% for table service.)

You order by the pound. How much does a satisfying portion weigh? I dunno. Turns out 1/4lb of stuff is not enough. Am I going to wait another hour for a second portion? Lol.

I checked grubhub. The delivery time for this place on grubhub is 45 minutes. PRO TIP: Get a drink from the bar. Sit down at a table. Order from your phone. Enter 1208 Frankford as the delivery address. Catch the delivery person when they come pick it up for you!

I didn't taste any better than Percy St BBQ which has a lovely wait staff that will bring food right to your table!
I was so so excited to get in to some brisket. I had tried the Fette Sau in Brooklyn and was impressed by the beef cheeks. Unfortunately, I paid over $15 for 3 slices of brisket that really lacked flavor. I dream about the melty fat produced by Austin's Franklin BBQ. This was not that kind of fat.
Went here on a random Sunday mid-afternoon and it was practically empty. We ordered chicken legs, some brisket, some ribs, and a side of the mashed sweet potato. The chicken legs were personally some of the best I've ever had in my life. The brisket was pretty darn good, and the ribs we enjoyed immensely. Their sauces were a little lackluster, but I really enjoyed my time here. 

I see a lot of the reviews below lament that it's not southern enough and all I can say to that is... this is a restaurant in the Irish/German/Polish section of Philadelphia. Yeah, it might not match up to your last trip to Memphis, but I'm also not sure it's trying to.
Food:  I've lived in Austin, Texas prior to moving to DC, so I have experience with barbeque brisket (Franklins). The brisket was moist with hint of Smokey flavor, tender with the right portion of fat content. The Mac & cheese was good, a little dry, but held together well with plenty of cheese. The spicy Cole slaw was interesting, no mayo and with a little heat, a little bland for my taste, but overall the que was good.
Ambiance:
I definably felt a little out of place as a black customer. It was not that it was anti-black (as one of my servers was black), but certainly felt very pro-white in the way customers were treated. I was at the bar for close to an hour and the bartender perhaps uttered perhaps 5 words to me and two of those were questions I asked.  I noticed that white customers who approach the bar to order were greeted with a smile and light banter. There were only three other people sitting at the bar during my entire time there so the bar was not extremely busy. Now I'm originally from Philly, grew up there, and got my first degree from a local college, so I'm accustomed to the "Philly tude", but this was different.  I've traveled around the world and live in the US from coast to coast (San Diego, SF, and Austin, DC); I was so taken aback by the experience that I wrote on the receipt "There is a weird vibe going on here with black customers" and gave it to my server (who was black). Here's the kicker, I went there for takeout, but they were so behind on orders that they were only taking seated customers. "Life, .....ain't that a blip"?
Everything about this spot is a YES! Food, drinks and atmosphere. Pricey, but worth every penny. Beef ribs are to die for....(beyond tender). And smoked to perfection. Please try the broccoli salad. The beef brisket is heaven and so are the sweet potato mash. Don't walk, run
My first trip to Fette Sau was a fantastic experience.  My friend and I went for a late lunch on a Saturday.  Us being first timers, the helpful gentlemen slicing and dicing behind the counter gave us a rundown and suggestion.  My friend was treating me for a birthday present, so he decided to get a full sampling of all the meats they had to offer.  My friend got 1/3 brisket, 1/3 pulled pork, 4 pork ribs, 1 sausage link, 1 beef short rib, small burnt end baked beans, german potato salad and some rolls.  We also got some of the glass bottled sodas.

The sides were pretty good.  I LOVED the baked beans.  The german potato salad was also good, but I'm not a fan of mustard seeds in my potato salad...so I didn't wind up eating too much of this.

The sausage was excellent, nice smokey flavor and nice snap on the casing, well done.  The brisket was a little dry, but still had a nice smoke ring on it.  The brisket accompanied by their spicy bbq sauce on the table was nice.  The pulled pork was probably my second favorite thing on the tray.  It was juicy and tasty.  This with a little bit of their vinegar bbq sauce was a little slice of Carolina.  The beef short rib was very good and I'm not a beef rib fan in general.  The coup de grace was definitely the pork ribs.  St. Louis style with so much bark you think you've died and gone to Missouri.  It's THAT good.  Put a little bit (just a tiny bit) of their sweet bbq sauce on this and wound up woofing these down.  They fell off the bone and were incredible.

This place has an awesome atmosphere.  The outside picnic bench idea is genius and the inside is so big and spacious.  The staff is super friendly.  Between Fette and Percy Street they are two great options in the city for real deal BBQ.  But I think I might have found my new favorite...
I would have rated Fette Sau higher but in truth it was just okay. Granted the interior is super hip and cool but the price was rather high for standard BBQ fare. The beans were undercooked, and overall I was underwhelmed by my experience.

Changing this to three stars because they have good happy hour deals.
Looks are fabulous and great whiskey selection. That's the upside. The food: lack of sides and available side are not very good . Beans lack flavor, kraut lacks flavor, no Mac and cheese, cornbread, collards, fries. Etc, PRICE is not worth it. Very expensive. Pulled pork is decent, ribs are tough and horrible, brisket is so so, but middle is very dry, and end is very fatty. 
Overall worthing skipping for the money. It the world of bbq it is not the worst, but far from the best.
Best happy hour for BBQ lovers.
We showed up right around 6 to squeak in a quick meal before seeing a show at the Fillmore. 
The smell wafting down the street is enough to draw you in, and the low key ambiance of exposed wood and open cafeteria style seating truly lends to the laid back BBQ atmosphere.
The brisket was good, but the pulled pork was out of this world (no bbq sauce required)! No fatty pieces, all tender meat.
I enjoyed the kick to the mac and cheese as well as the smiley BBQ baked beans but the cornbread was a huge letdown.
I'm a fan of stone grown cornmeal, good old southern style cornbread, this literally tasted and had the consistency of pound cake. Too sweet, extremely dense and overall disappointing. The complimentary rolls paired perfectly with the meal and allowed a a friend to drop by last minute and scrounge up a make shift sandwich from our order.
Portions are large, vibe is great and a $5 manhattan can't be beat.
We'll definitely be back but pass on the cornbread.
First impression: Amazing decor. You get the farmhouse - industrial feels with the extremely high ceilings and long wooden tables and a huge open floor plan with nice outside seating that allows you to bring your furry best friend along which felt so welcoming. 

Food was great and the drink choices at the bar  were even better. The meat choices are priced by the pound which can get a little pricey depending on the amount of food you're getting and to feed how many so keep that in mind or be surprised in the end lol. Sides come in different sizes, I highly recommend getting small sides if it's under 4 ppl because the portions are HUGE but really just depends on how much you can eat honestly. Everything was basically self served after ordering your food and drinks. They have stations where you get your utensils, plates, stuff like that. Sauces are available at your table! 

Ribs were awesome, definitely my favorite. They were flavorful, meaty, and perfectly cooked. I loved the beef brisket as well. It was packed with flavor and perfect amount of fat and wasn't anywhere near dry. I didn't care for the bratwurst or hot sausage, it was extremely dry, hard to chew and wasn't worth the price, in my opinion. I'd skip it next time. All of the sides were tasty and I want to try more of them next time. Definitely give the cornbread muffins a go instead of the house rolls that are free, because they were so delicious.
Fette Sau was recommended by a friend as I can't find a good BBQ in Philly area. I love sweet-spicy BBQ so Salt Lick BBQ and mission BBQ are too salty for me. Fette Sau is not sit-down restaurant and it has a separate bar and counter. Customers walk to the counter to order barbecued meats including beef short rib, beef brisket, pork rib, pulled pork/sandwich, organic chicken, pork belly and beef jerky that are sold by pound.  First time I visited Fette Sau, I ordered a little of everything. After that, I only order beef brisket, beef short rib, and Italian sausage when I stop by Fette Sau. 
The moment my teeth sank into their coal-black smoked beef brisket, it is a mixed moist, meaty and savory flavor. It is so irresistible, so tasty and so perfect. What I like about their beef short rib is not fall-off-the-bone. It is not dry but a little chewy, juicy and tender.  Their hot Italian sausage is bursting with flavor and the perfect amount of heat to bright up meal. 
They also serve some sides, such as baked beans, cornbread, deviled eggs, sweet potato but none of them stands out.
I was excited to try some BBQ in Philly when my friend came to town. Alex and I used to go on road trips just to try BBQ. So of course we gave when he came to town we had to experience the local bbq spot.

The price was reasonable for bbq. Good Bbq can be expensive. Especially when you pay by weight. But the price per lb of each item was comparable to  many other bbq places.

I tried a few things to get a good sampling. Spare ribs, pulled pork, brisket. I asked the people working if there was anything else I should try. They said no, so I don't feel like I missed an important item or signature dish. Still, with everything I ordered it was pretty forgettable bbq. 

The spare ribs were very ok. They were cooked right, but the flavor on the rub was almost non existent. You got no real flavor from the bark. There was a beautiful smoke ring, but they must use a mild wood, because the smoke flavor was tame too. 

The pulled pork similarly was light on flavor. Fortunately, the pork was high quality so the meat was able to speak for itself. The. Best bites of pork, where the ones where you could get some of the bark with some of the juicy pork. Again, light on the smoke flavor.

The brisket was also very good, but light on flavor. I understand wanting the meat to shine. I can see why that would be the approach. But it lead to a very forgettable experience.

If you are going to let the meat speak for itself, you should have deep complimentary sauces. The sauces were also regrettably forgettable.

This was a very average bbq place. Not bad by any means. Not great. Better than bbq chains by a mile, but not somewhere I'd go out of my way to try.
Yummy in my tummy but pricey for my pockets!

The atmosphere, is very open and the smell of the food is enticing as you enter Fette Sau.  The ordering system is well organized but the many bbq options may be the bottleneck in ordering your food.  It is pretty easy to want a bit of everything, especially when the happy hour options are available.  Once you've made your selection be prepared for a slight surprise to of the price of what you selected.

After you grab your food you can head to the bar and order your alcoholic beverage, can also take a bit of a time on a crowded day or happy hour.  Now to head to your table, most of the time you can fins a spot right away, other times it may be difficult so there may be someone there to help you and your friends find an available table.  There is some out door seating available as well.

The food is tasty and filling so that's an absolute plus, and after eating the atmosphere is comfortable to remain for another drink.  

The upside the food is slightly better than average, the down side is the cost!!!
I've been here a couple of times and can't help but think that for the price, the BBQ could be much better. The meats are served cafeteria-style, but they are not cheap, with most options in the $18-22/lb range. That would be OK if the meats didn't also taste a bit cafeteria-style. The pork belly was actually OK, but the beef brisket, pulled pork, and ribs were super dry. I felt so thirsty after eating them, as one might feel after eating plywood. 

Our side of mac n' cheese was OK in flavor, but it was also dry and not very warm when we got it. I felt like all of the food had been sitting in the window for a while. They did not have corn bread or collard greens, which I usually get when I get BBQ. 

On top of all that, it did not help that the line moved at a snail's pace. It's understandable that a place like this would be packed on a Saturday night, but there has to be a more efficient way to deal with the crowds so that people don't have to wait over an hour in line (we got there at 7:30pm and were still in line past 8:30pm). While the staff was very pleasant and professional, I probably won't return (unless I am dragged here somehow) due to the operational issues mentioned above.
Novel BBQ joint  :)

As you enter you walk through an outdoor area of picnic tables.
There is a counter where you enter your meat selection.  The meat is then carved/served depending on the what you so desire (ribs, brisket, etc.)  There are also a number of sides such as deviled eggs and baked beans.

Ordered:
--1/2 lb ribs which was actually only 2 ribs that were charred but meaty and delicious
--Baked beans were scrumptious

Next to the food station is a standard bar.
After you select and pick up your fare you are free to choose where to sit.  

As the evening cooled off they ignited outdoor heating lamps.

There was good craft beer selection and though I don't drink whiskey they seemed to offer a good selection of flights.

This seems like a great summer place to hang out!
Let me start with I would not even give this place one star. I work in the service industry and absolutely hate writing reviews. I have never even wrote one before but I feel the need to in this situation. The service here is absolutely terrible. 

When entering the restaurant, I thought it was a really good theme and I was excited for bbq. I proceeded to sit at the bar with two of my colleagues and we were the ONLY THREE PEOPLE at the bar. After not receiving service for 10 minutes with the bartender behind the bar acting in no urgency, doing nothing productive we decided to ask if we could order drinks. He told us to wait a minute so he could walk 2 feet away and check the dishwasher!!! 
He finally came to take our order. I initially ordered a gin martini, no olive juice. Completely fine and normal. I went on to order an Irish whiskey and coke. The bartender then responded with "we are an American bar, no Irish spirits." That's completely out of line and RUDE. I ordered a water and didn't buy anything. My colleagues ordered drinks that they canceled due to the TERRIBLE HOSPITALITY. 

We then left the restaurant and on the way out told the manager what a terrible experience we had. He then said "Sorry you're having such a bad night." THATS IT!! We were not looking for a free meal or anything, just a little bit of decency from any of the staff. 

The bartender was a male with his dreads tied in a bun. The manager was a hefty male with a buzz cut style haircut. 

Most terrible restaurant experience I have ever had. Will not be back and I wouldn't go here unless you plan on waiting and getting PO'd. Wish I could have had the barbecue. Funny thing is my whole crew is service industry, out of town and ready to spend all the money. Oh well.
Stopped by Fette Sau after an intense yoga granola experience at Wanderlust :)

Holy mother of God is the brisket to DIE for. It is tender, flavorful, and deliciously over-priced. The beans were on the sweeter side with big hunks of meat. If you want a side, pick the broccoli. Crunchy, vinegary, absolute crack.
The chicken was average and kind of dry, I'll pass on it next time.

I'm going to dream about that brisket now....
Worth the wait. Came here on a Saturday night and waited in line for probably 30-40 minutes to get our food. In that waiting time I think we psyched ourselves out and when it came time to order, we may have over did it!

The food was delicious- we had ribs and pulled pork. Both were moist and well cooked. The sides were hefty! The baked beans were a chili consistency and super filling. I got a cornbread side and my only complaint was that I wish this was slightly warmer to compliment the meal. My boyfriend got the Mac n cheese which was good and had a little jalapeño kick to it. Another friend got the coffee Brussels sprouts and said they were really good. 

Overall everyone was satisfied, our bellies were full and our wallets were well suffering!!
I really enjoyed my visit last night.  Having planned my order in advance I opted for 1/2 pound each of ribs, brisket, and pork belly.  Wow.  Ribs were amazing - really didn't even require sauce.  Plenty meaty and moist.  Brisket was great too.  The pork belly was just OK.  

I also sampled each of the three available sauces - sweet, spicy, and vinegar.  The sweet was far and away the best.  It reminded me of an amped-up version of Arby's BBQ sauce (and that's not a dig at all, btw) with a surprising touch of heat at the end.  I found the vinegar to taste like, well, vinegar.  The spicy sauce was strange in that aside from the heat it didn't really taste like anything.  Not sure if that's just the way the vinegar and spicy sauces are intended to be or if they were just underseasoned.

You've got to try the baked beans.  Burnt ends, shards of pork throughout, and super flavorful.  Thick consistency, almost like chili.  The cold broccoli salad was a hit, too.

Service was friendly and laid-back.  I'd give it 5 stars if it were a bit less expensive.  Will definitely be back for more ribs, brisket, and, hopefully, the beef tongue pastrami will be available.  Did you know they have flank steak, too? :)  

A hefeweizen washed it all down nicely.  Was thinking "bacon brownie" but opted to pass on dessert.  I then waddled down Girard Avenue in a protein-induced stupor.  Surprised I was able to find my car.
Food is AMAZING!! Drinks are okay and the price is a little steep but you eat your money's worth. Glad I took the bartender's advice and got the chicken!
The ambience of the restaurant is very nice, picnic, BBQ style seating and decor. The food was very bland, tasted like it was missing something. The ribs and chicken was just dry rub and no sauce. They give you sauce but it is bland as well, all vinegar based, no hint of sweetness or heat. As a southerner this was a very poor attempt at a bbq shack.
Best BBQ in Philly. I said it.

I was eager to try Fette Sau in Fishtown after having been to flagship location in Williamsburg, Brooklyn a couple of times. This establishment has even more indoor/outdoor space, with plenty of picnic tables. My buddies and I arrived on a unseasonably warm November Saturday to a festive ambiance characteristic of communal southern cookouts.

First thing you'll notice is how Fette Sau serves up its smoked meats cafeteria style. We decided to pull out the stops and order nearly everything off the menu: half rack of ribs, half pound of brisket, half pound of pulled pork, spicy sausage, chicken legs, mac/cheese, and baked beans. This kings feast cost a not unreasonable $82. It was easily a meal for five people, but three hungry guys made a pretty good dent in the tray. 

The brisket was the consensus winner, with the sausage and ribs an admirable runner-up. You really can't go wrong ordering anything, though. It's all cooked low and slow so that the meat falls apart and melts on your tongue. I highly recommend this establishment if you're craving some smokey goodness in Philly.
First the food is great ! They also have one of the best brown liquor bars in the city. Bourbons galore! The salads are all solid. The ribs,especially the beef on the bone are off the hook and so is the coffee rubbed brisket. The burnt end beans are killer., but it's a cafeteria. Really? And the cost. For one rib , small amount of brisket and some pulled pork and a few sides it was $60. Really good very casual and expensive.
Tucked away off of Frankford Ave is this group-friendly restaurant. Self-serve, large picnic tables, small bar with friendly staff... this place is casual and fun. They weigh out the carnage on a scale and then load everything onto metal trays for you to share (or not). The table has a bunch of sauces for you to use for the meat. 
I would say the sides are kind of "eh" which is a big deal to me since eating pounds of meat alone sadly is no longer my thang. I've been to a bunch of bbq places around the city that can do both the bbq and the sides right so I'd trek to those places first. Literally we tried every side and no one was impressed with any of them. Oh well. Luckily the general vibe of this place makes it fun to come!
Great BBQ, large space, excellent service. A worthy counterpart to the original Brooklyn shop.

Worth the giant line that you may be faced with. If there is no such line, step in and get yourself some delicious meat, then high five your soul for enriching your life with such little effort.
I really wanted to love this place.

I ordered the fatty beef, 2 St Louis Style ribs, and the Mac and cheese.   I was highly underwhelmed  by the pork belly.  The ribs were a decent 3/5, nothing to write home about.   The jalapeños in the Mac and cheese were  a decent twist.   My friend had the broccoli slaw and barely ate it.  

When all was said and done I paid $28 bucks for 1/4 lb of cold pork, 2 ribs, Mac and Mexican Coke (priced at $4.50).    If you want sauce it's bottled and cold on the tables.

Again the place was relatively full so clearly some people love it, I'm just not one of them.
Yo! This place is the TRUTH! My family contemplated going out to eat but once again defaulted to take out.  This place was on a list of newer BBQ places around Philly.  We perused many menus and decided on Fette Sau.

We opted against the many family deals and put together our own.  We ordered one pound brisket,  one pound short ribs, slab St Louis ribs, large burnt ends baked beans, broccoli salad, mac and cheese, rolls, and corn bread!  My family was very satisfied. 

ALL the meats were fabulous; so fabulous we picked up a pound of each brisket and short rib on the way to a visit with my in laws  just two days later.  It was approved of there, as well.

The mac and cheese was enjoyed by the kids; not the right consistency for the adults in my family.  Baked beans, not too sweet; very tasty.   Corn bread and rolls were fresh and good.

Now, the broccoli salad NEEDS to go back to the drawing board! Not acceptable for this caliber of an establishment,  I expect better of a Starr restaurant.
