Digging Figs!

Came here for a Friday night date night. We've passed this place countless times on our runs and walks within the neighborhood and finally had a chance to pop in and try it out! 

We called ahead and they were able to make a reservation for us for 7pm. We took the short walk over - stepping into the Moroccan inspired motif.

They had us seated in the inner corner and each party was spaced out to allow for proper social distancing. 

Peering over the menu, we chose the mezze board and brie as our appetizers. We chose to split the Greek style pasta and the bread pudding for dessert with some Moroccan tea!

Everything was really delicious and ample portion wise for 2! We were definitely enjoying the developed flavors and the great service. 

Thank you a great time Figs - happy to come back for another food journey!
I have mixed feelings about this place. 

On one hand, it's a very cute place off the beaten path with very affordable brunch selections and excellent service from the sweet lady who works front-of-the-house. As someone who always tries to support small businesses, this is typically where I like to spend my money. Also, their Moroccan Eggs dish is splendid, and their coffee is also excellent. 

On the other hand, I had a very strange brunch experience here this weekend. It wasn't very busy and we were seated at a cute table by the window near the entrance. I ordered orange juice and the Crab Eggs Benedict ($11 vs. $6-7 for most other brunch items). 

When my order came, I noticed the eggs were pretty well made, and that there was some kind of gray-colored rectangular "crab cake" placed between the 2 eggs. When I took a bite from this patty, I noticed that it was almost all breading, with sparse bits of red onion, red pepper, and very few strands of crab meat inside. As I dug through the patty, I noticed that the total amount of crab did not even make up 1/15th of the patty. The patty was very moist and bready, and did not possess any particular flavor. 

When the nice lady came over to ask how we were doing, I was honest and asked about this curious patty, because the menu clearly indicated that this dish came with "Jumbo Lump" crabmeat, but there were only thin, short strands in a bready patty. The kind lady told me that she would ask the chef. 

Two minutes later, a tall, heavy-set man came up to my table holding an open can of crabmeat in one hand. He pointed to the can and said, "This IS crabmeat!" 

I agreed, proceeded to politely show him the few strands on my plate I was able to extract from the patty, and said that there was some crabmeat in my patty, but that it was mostly bread filling. 

A the time, I was thinking that he might have forgotten to take the crabmeat out of the can while making my rectangular "crab" patty. He then pointed to the filling and argued that the filling was crabmeat. 

When I told him that I could see that it was obviously not crabmeat and that it tasted like bread filling, he became upset and raised his voice, saying "I've been cooking for 28 years! And that is crabmeat!" There were 2 other parties seated in the restaurant. 

The man (who is apparently the chef-owner) went back to the open kitchen and glared at me for the rest of our meal, throwing loud comments about how crab costs $26/lb and repeatedly making comments about my race and gender. (Next time I come here, I might need to go undercover as an older Caucasian male, instead of coming in as myself, a younger Asian female. Or maybe I could come in as a Yeti.) 

Crab is widely known not to be cheap, and so I sympathize. However, I would suggest charging a bit more for the dish and include a bit more crab, or to remove it from the menu altogether. The rectangular bread patty with small bits of crab was just very difficult to eat. I've been eating for about 28 years and don't recall any instances where crab tasted like bread filling. Also, I think the chef could find canned crabmeat for much cheaper than $26/lb in the Philadelphia area. (Maybe in Chinatown? For like 99 cents a can?) He might be better off exploring a business relationship with a new distributor. 

The nice lady offered to give me another item on the menu, in response to which I picked French Toast. (She comped the eggs benedict and charged for the toast.) But by the time the French Toast arrived, I no longer had an appetite and we just paid and left.
I came to Figs to crash my girlfriend's ladies night, BYOB dinner after the middletown village fall festival's beer stole my common sense, so things like what other people ate and what was said are not readily available in my memory rolodex, but luckily everything I did and the exquisite manners I displayed while doing it are still quite fresh on my mind grapes. 

I started the meal with the baked brie & pita (walnuts on the side because of my allergy) and it was okay. What I enjoyed most about it was sopping up the leftover lavender honey with the complimentary bread when the cheese and pita were gone. 

For the main course I ordered the crispy duck breast in the apple cider honey fig demi glace with fruit bread pudding and sauteed spinach. I usually like to ask for a medium cook on my fatty fowl, but in the state I was in, and with never having tried Figs before, I opted to let the chef handle the details. Luckily our waiter was on point (service was superb all night) and asked for the temp anyway, so my disappointment was very high when the breast came just a hair under well done and with no noticeable crisp to it. Bread pudding was a good touch, and the flavor of the sauce was very nice too, but there was still a little to be desired. 

Finished off the meal with an apple cobbler a la mode that wasn't really my cup-o-tea; I found the scoop of ice cream insufficient to overcome the dryness of the pastry. Basically, the desert just rounded out the averageness of this average meal for me (the ladies felt this way also). 

As far as the atmosphere goes, it is cozy and warm (no that isn't a reference to the extremely warm restaurant temperature, even though it was pretty toasty in there), and seems perfect for a romantic date. Not a bad night at Figs, but not a great one either, so I'd be willing to give it another shot, just not eager.
You're passionate about food ( it's why we're friends). And thanks to Kana K, I finally made it to Figs, what a nice little Moroccan mom-and pop restaurant. 
Order the appetizing Moroccan eggs ( poached eggs in spicy beef & tomato sauce ). One of my favorite breakfast dishes of all time. 
Also, I got the Moroccan tea ( because no Moroccan meal would be authentic without it ). It was NOT as good as I expected.
An advice: Don't let the non-smiling staff stop you from going to Figs, and enjoy their incredibly delicious food. i.e. Good meal, questionable attitude.

Just an extra piece of information:
There's no such thing as Moroccan coffee,
... or smile- I add.

On a drama movie parallel scale, this restaurant is the Godfather! I really wish I could give Figs more stars, but I just can't.

Three and Half Yelps
I am always looking for an excuse to go to Figs. Unfortunately, it isn't exactly close to where I live or work. Figs is a cozy little BYOB near the art museum that serves delicious Moroccan food. The Baked Brie in Clay Pot is phenomenal; I can never pass this appetizer up! I usually switch around my entree, and have yet to be disappointed by my meal. Make sure to save room for dessert; the pistachio and fig ice creams are delicious. 
Some notes: it is pretty cramped in there so expect to be at a tiny table. It is also cash only, and not open on Mondays. They do serve lunch Tuesday through Friday. 
Definitely worth a try!
Why, oh why, has it taken me so long to get to Figs? I'm fairly embarrassed for myself. 

I finally decided to pay them a visit for brunch over the weekend. I still feel like I was somewhat cheating myself, as I didn't try any Moroccan fare. In any event, they left me hungry for more. Figuratively, that is. While the portions didn't look the biggest at first, trust me, they were. 

The brunch appeal for me was a the build your own omelet paired with the BYOB option. It was the same for my husband, just sub challah French toast for the omelet. Although both were fairly "easy" dishes (for them to make not for me...if I could cook that I'd probably eat out a ton less), but both were executed perfectly. My omelet featured turkey ham, goat cheese, spinach and red peppers. There was supposed to be an up-charge for the 4th ingredient, but that was omitted for the bill. Our server also saw my husband and I trading each other for white toast/French toast, and asked if we'd be interested in additional white toast. It's a little gesture, but above and beyond in my books. Our server was laid back but attentive if that makes sense. Everyone working there seemed very nice. 

The restaurant was tiny, but charming. There were eclectic pictures and hangings on the wall; even the sugar container had an eclectic touch. 

One thing to note is that it's cash only. Don't fret because there's an ATM right outside.  I thought the price points were reasonable as well. There are so many places that will gauge for an omelet or French toast, but I thought the prices here were fair. 

Upon leaving I looked at the dinner menu. I was full, but intrigued and oh so ready to come back.
If you are reading this review, then you should never whine about the ridiculous wait at any of Philly's hot brunch places ever again.  Don't do it.  Do. Not. Freaking. Do. It.  I know you love Sabrina's and Honey's and Cafe Estelle but sometimes you've got to do something different that doesn't require a big production to get some food.  Figs is what you are looking for.

Here's something you may not know about Figs - Their brunch kicks some serious ass.  Here's something else you probably do not know - their brunch is also seriously cheap.  Here's another thing you may not know - You won't have to wait some absurd amount of time to be crammed shoulder-to-shoulder with strangers who might spill coffee on you with every exaggerated hand motion(like those pour souls who end up next to me at any establishment ever!)!  

Ample space, plenty of room, high quality ingredients, great price, delicious Moroccan tea, pretty darn good orange juice and BYO what?!  

I got to sample the Moroccan eggs and the eggs benedict and both of them were very filling and very good.  I highly recommend this establishment.  Their dinner is also great and I will probably write about it at some other time.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Equilibrium.
this restaurant is the perfect dinner date place. it is cozy with just the right amount of ambient lighting, exotic music, the smells of foreign foods wafting in the air. this place is a well kept secret here in the fairmount hood. boys, take note, take your lady here and she will think you are connoisseur of exotic cuisine and you will totally woo her!

my dinner here was yum from start to finish. my greek pasta was cooked to perfection. not too greasy. fresh tomatos and herbs. light to the tongue. the mussels were fresh and steamed with the right amount of lemon and tomato seasoning. the grilled vegetables were cooked so the veggies remained crispy and they weren't burnt. the chicken was tender. the mango sorbet was the perfect ending to a lovely meal.

this little nook in the wall place is cash only and BYOB. i suggest making reservations here since it is prolly no bigger than a living room and you wouldn't want your lady to think you are some goober during your wooing process!

figs remains one of my favorite places to dine and if i am lucky one of the places where i get taken to for dining and wining(not whining).
My two friends and I started our girls' night at Figs on Friday evening.  The small byo was packing them in, including a large party of very loud college kids, armed with wine in a jug.  Since it was so crowded, the room was pretty warm, but the only source of fresh air came from the open front door.  Last time I checked, open doors are usually an invitation to bugs, and unfortunately there was no exception at Figs.  It wasn't so bad, but it could have been avoided with a simple ac wall unit.  Times are tough and all, but come on.

Other than that, the experience was good.  Our appetizers were tasty (spinach and feta phyllo triangles and a mozzarella and tomato salad with fig vinaigrette).  I really liked my dinner, a salmon and shrimp special in a roasted red pepper sauce with spinach and garlic mash, but my friends didn't seem crazy about theirs.  My completely empty plate and their slightly picked over plates was proof of this.

We were all in agreement that dessert was the best part of the meal.  We shared a chocolate mousse, baklava and an apple tart.  Each was fantastic.  

We agreed to return sometime for dessert, but unfortunately I don't think we'll be back for dinner.
eNIce little neighborhood eatery. I know it's popular for the people that live in the area, but I was SUPER underwhelmed. We started with the baked brie in a clay pot. The brfmie and honey was more like a warm candy bar, but not in the way you would want it to be. We also had the mussels that were good. I had the lamb tagine with winter vegetables, and wifey had the black pepper crusted scallops. The scallops were super peppery, and bland all at the same time. I know, weird right? The lamb tagine DESPERATELY needed seasoning. Everything needed salt! I will say the server was very attentive but watching the kitchen staff horse around and wrestle in the kitchen showed me why my food was sub par. I wouldn't go back.
This is one of those places I wouldn't go out of my way to go to, nor would I probably eat there much were it down the street.  There is nothing wrong with it, but nothing particularly worthwhile either.

The menu is loaded with sweet and creamy ingredients - almost every dish has fruit added, as well as cheese in odd places.  Yes, I get this is Moroccan food, but your dishes need some balance and diversity of flavors.  

Also, the bread pudding tasted like kugel. Not a bad kugel,but not bread pudding.  And the grape leaves on the mezza tasted canned not homemade.

The very friendly and attentive staff were the best part of the place.
Super delish omelette..  Everyone else got the Moroccan Eggs which were a HUGE hit.  I can't wait to come back and have the challah (sp?) raisin French toast.  mmmmmmmmmmmmm

Awesome place.  Definitely going back for Brunch and Dinner.
Figs serves up Mediterranean dishes in a cozy setting that feels warm and homey, yet exotic. The kitchen is open in the back and the constant flaring of the grill serves as a reminder of your food being made fresh. 

It's also BYOB so you can save a considerable amount on drinks if you plan ahead. The food was good with lots of traditional Mediterranean and somewhat Moroccan dishes, like lots of couscous. 

The appetizers were good, especially the baked brie which was gooey and tasty, though a little heavy on the lavender. The humus sampler was also good, but I felt it missed a certain pop. The entrees were similarly very solid, but lacking a slight something to really make them stand out. 

The lamb was enormous and well seasoned, I could only finish about half of it. The shrimp were probably the tastiest dish with lots of flavor and a good serving size. With the large table size and BYOB, Figs is a great place for an event or party as well.
As a three-year resident of this area, I'm embarrassed to admit that we had our first Figs experience last night.  We were told reservations are a smart idea on the weekends and I would agree.  It was busy all night, and rightfully so.

We were first impressed by the service.  It took no time for them to seat us, bring menus, and serve water.  We decided to order three apps and one entree to split.  The baked brie was delicious.  It's cheesy, a little sweet, a little savory and is perfect with the hot pita wedges.  The scallops app was my favorite plate of the night.  They were heavily peppered, cooked perfectly, and served with a light garlic cream sauce and spinach: delicious must order if you love scallops.  Our last app was the trio of Mediterranean dips.  All of them were good, but I'd recommend ordering the smoked white fish salad.

It's important to note how fast and perfectly timed the service was.  With a crowded dining room and one server, it's clear that Figs is a well-oiled machine.  Our swordfish with fig barbeque sauce came out about five minutes after we finished the last of the apps.  It's not something I would immediately single out on the menu, but our server was adamant that we try it.  It was delicious and a generous portion for the price.  To finish off our evening, we ordered the homemade brownie with pistachio ice cream.  It's tough to dress up a dessert like this, but it was perfectly done and I was craving another scoop of the ice cream on our way home.

Grab a bottle of light red, a late reservation, and head to Figs this weekend!
Stop what you are doing and move to Morocco.

Okay, fine.  I realize that is not a reasonable request, but if the food at Figs is any indication of the fare there, Morocco just got added to my short list of places I need to visit. 

But for now, I can save myself the quadruple figure flight.  Thank you, Figs.

Baked Brie in Clay Pot - Fantastic 
Seared Rare Tuna - Fantastic
Angel Hair Pasta Greek Style - Fantastic
Sesame Crusted Salmon Filet - Fantastic
Crab Stuffed Filet of Sole in a Mixed Mushroom Cream Sauce - Fantastic 
Firecracker Sea Scallops and Shrimp - Fantastic
Whole Fish of the Day - Fantastic

Sensing a pattern?  Lest you think the fine folks at Figs are paying me off, I didn't think the mussels served in the Seafood Risotto were all that great and I think you can skip the Mediterranean Tapas Plate.  

But if you ask me about their brunch?  Fantastic.

Now to continue Pricelining a flight to Marrakesh...
I came here last Friday for my girlfriend's birthday with my reputation for choosing restaurants on the line. After an ill fated trip to the Sansom Kabob house I had to have a strong showing. We walked from my house on 17th to Figs on 25th and when she saw that it was a Moroccan restaurant I got a disapproving look.

Once we were seated and she looked at the menu she knew. It was a nicely diverse yet simple Mediterranean spread that seemed like every dish would be amazing. 

Everyone seems to talk about the baked brie (which we got) but I thought the hummus pizza was the real star. It was creamy hummus with smoked salmon and capers and red onion on top (oy vey!!!). 

I got the seafood and feta angel hair which was delicious but predictable. My GF got the seafood risotto, forgetaboutit!! It was in a mascarpone cheese sauce and melted in your mouth. I can't say enough about this dish, it's top three dishes I've ever had in my life.

After we polished off our 2 bottles of wine we finished the meal off with Turkish green tea which was a sweet blend of mint and tea that settled the meal and enabled us to get birthday drunk afterwards.

I recommend everyone give this neighborhood gem a try.
I was here for dinner with a wedding party so we had a fixed menu. Overall I liked this place a lot and the atmosphere had a great homey feel.

Appetizer:
I had the baked brie in a clay pot. It looked delicious but unfortunately it was way too sweet (honey was included). I did enjoy it but if i tried to finish it I would have felt sick. Next time id probably try something else.

Dinner:
I had the indonesian seafood orzo. The shrimp and clams were pretty tasty. The scallops sorta lacked flavor unfortunately. Overall it was pretty good.

Dessert:
I had the fig ice cream. I figured you cant come to a restaurant named figs and not try something with figs. The ice cream was pretty good but not totally amazing. I dont think it was their fault, i think its just that fig ice cream can only be so good probably.
Im shocked this place isnt rated higher.  Perhaps I had a randomly good meal here, but I doubt it.

I was not expecting a ton from a place that has a 3.5 star average, but this is definitely my go to BYO from now on.

A group of 8 of us arrived at a pretty staggered pace and I was certain this would throw off/piss off the wait staff, but it did not.  We ordered some apps and the standouts were the smoked salmon and hummus (who knew) pizza.  Shockingly good.  The mussels were THE BEST mussels I have ever had.  People all across our table were vying for a chance to sop up that sauce.  I cant wait to get them again.

Entrees were all very good. My favorites were the tuna and the strip steak.  Both were so flavorful and perfectly cooked.  I am usually not a big group kinda eater because generally someone gets cold food or something that was sitting under heat lamps forever.  Everyone at our table was stoked to find that their dishes were fresh, warm and delicious.    

Definitely try the fig and pistachio ice creams.  SO GOOD!

Plus its a BYO, so if Im wrong, you still didnt kill your checking account.  Check this place out.
Although I see mostly positive reviews I didn't have that good of an experience at figs.
Our reservation was at 8....one hour and 20 minutes later and two bottle of wine drank right in the middle of the dinning room, practically at somebody else's table because it was too cold to wait outside we were finally sat. the entire time the restaurant is so smokey that my eyes are constantly tearing. I am not sure if it is always like that or this was some special exhaust problem circumstance.

the owner/ server is very pleasant, the food is...hmm not so much. I order you're typical caprese salad, my mistake because the tomatoes are not really in season but somehow i hope they still have the good ones..they do not.
but I am absolutely outraged when I see Alex's appetizer: pepper crusted sea scallops, which I imagine to be these beautiful large seared scallops, come out as 10 tiny little scallops in a pretty tasty sauce. Its not that the description was deceiving because it didn't say they would be diver scallops, but this was not what i expected either.

my dish of whole fish was pretty good, but its hard to mess up whole fish. The asparagus was very tasty.

overall, i was not impressed with this place. A friend of mine told me the food was NOT good, however i didn't believe her because of such abundance of positive reviews. well, judge for yourself i guess.
This place is BYOB and the food is good but we were actually confused by some of the items like Sashimi being offered on the menu - is it part of Moroccon food? 

The sesame crusted Salmon is really good but I am not a fan of the Lamb Shank offered here - a little too bland for me. The service is nice and the woman who served us kept checking on us from time to time.

Delicious desserts - Personally I really liked the bread pudding with vanilla ice cream but my friend thought it was average. One thing to definitely try is their Fig ice cream which (I think) you cannot find anywhere else easily and it is really delicious.
Came here for lunch today and have never felt so uncomfortable in my life. The waiter was so rude and clearly did not want us to b there. I ordered a burger and he came back slammed a menu down and said they where out. We finished our lunch quickly and went to pay when he shouted it's cash only which we where informed of as soon as we sat down. On our way out he yells at us to close the door. I'm in the restaurant business myself and have never ever come accross anything like this. Will never be back to this establishment. Not surprised the place was so empty.
Figs.

Aptly named since the fig ice cream here is really something extraordinary. A wonderfully rich fuscia-purple blend, it's speckled with presumable fig bits. It's not overly sweet, but offers an exaggerated flavor of the loved winter ficus fruit.

The baked brie with lavender honey sauce comes with pillowy pita. It's warm, cheesy and slightly sweet, without the heart attack inducing over decadence that often accompanies a too large mound of baked brie. There isn't honey oozing everywhere, and there's not enough of it to overpower the essence of natural brie. The dish is served in a shallow ceramic skillet, with just enough cheese to please and the right amount of honey to add that special zip, zing, magic.

The roasted vegetables with couscous is what it is. The dish assumes nothing more than humble fire charred veggies served over a billowing bed of tender couscous. The grain itself is interspersed with golden raisins and bits of sun dried tomato - though just enough for seasoning, and not enough to dissuade aldosterone from performing its duties.
I love the appetizers here!  In fact, when we come here, we aways order more than can be humany consumed in a singe sitting because we can't make up our minds.  The baked brie is my favorite, though; it's served with pita in a cay pot with a wonderful mesh of honey, almonds, pine nuts, spinach, and just a hint of lavender, and it is just delicious. Trust me. The peppered scallops with creamed spinach were also very good, as was the hummus and smoked samon pizza, which came with red onions (love the red onions!).  The lAmb shank entree was good but the meat was just slightly tough. The couscous was just fantastic, though; it was tender, fluffy, aromatic, and flavorful without going overboard on olive oil.  The tea was great, and the baklava was delicious with flaky pastry layers and a perfectly sweetened filling full of nuts and fruit. Service was friendly and the seating quite comfortable. It's a great place to grab a reasonably priced meal with good service and a wide range of different flavors.
I was pleasantly surprised with the dinner menu here and can highly recommend the duck (le canard for those of you going here with your French class as I did) and any dish with harissa. Bring plentiful amounts of wine and cash and you will not be disappointed. Weeknight dining will generate the most attentive service, of course.

Furthermore, they prefer if you order in English. My class learned this one the hard way.
You know when you research a place, look forward to having brunch there, and show up on a snowy Sunday only to be told (in front of a half-full dining room) "sorry, we're closed."
No eye contact, no explanation, and it was a full hour before closing according to both the posted hours and the hours listed online.
It was the kind of over-the-top rude (not to mention just plain unprofessional) that makes me NEVER, and I mean NEVER EVER try to eat at this place.
I have been to figs a few times and the food has always been excellent! Highly recommend going to this BYOB place to experience some delicious Moroccan food.

The menu offers a great variety of appetizers, salads and entrees offering different variety of seafood, chicken and lamb (definitely go for the lamb). They also have chef specials each week and they never disappoint. One of the chef entrees I ordered once was the seafood special which came with salmon, swordfish and shrimp over mashed potatoes and spinach. Absolutely flavorful and delicious! The appetizer I highly recommend is the Baked Brie - it comes with honey, toasted almonds and pita bread and it absolutely bursting with flavor. For your entree I would highly recommend the lamb, since you are in a Moroccan place might as well go for it. The lamb is cooked to perfection and the meat easily falls of the bone. The quality and quantity for the price you pay is excellent. 

The restaurant staff is extremely friendly. Don't forget it is a cash only BYOB!
Everything on the menu is so good, and reasonably priced for the large plates and the quality of the meats and vegetables.  I have gone here twice with larger groups of about 8 people and the woman taking our order did not write down a thing and got all of our orders (including appetizers and any modifications) correct. Now that is impressive!

Make sure that when you go here you bring cash since the place is cash only, but it is also BYOB so you won't be spending a fortune for a fun dinner out with friends or family.
The brunch option is delicious AND cheap. I had crab eggs benedict with fresh squeezed OJ. YUMMMMM. The poached eggs and English muffin never tasted so good. The home fries were yummy, too but it had a weird texture and color.

My cousin had build your own omelet with mushroom and cheese. That ruled as well. However, I failed to notice it until later on since I was aggressively digging into my scrumptious crab eggs benedict. 

Sat outside with my puppy - it was a wonderful Sunday brunch and I can't wait to go back for dinner sometime soon. It's a BYO - I got my malbec ready. 

P.S. It's CASH ONLY!!! Just sayin'.
Sorry to say, but this place is overrated.  At least for dinner.  From the past reviews, it would seem that brunch is far and away a better option, which I've yet to try.

I used to live a stone's throw from this BYOB, and I've had several friends on separate occasions enthuse about the food, prompting me to eat there more than a few times. Each instance has been progressively more underwhelming. Though the decor appears Moroccan in sensibility, Figs doesn't purport to feature exclusively North African cuisine. Still, the menu seems to be confused as to its culinary pedigree: baked brie, tuna sashimi, and gazpacho alongside lamb tagine (the best thing on the menu) and sesame-crusted salmon? Where's the b'stila, or chicken with preserved lemons? My last time there, it took forever to be served water and a little bread w/hummus, and strangely, no one offered to uncork our wine bottle. My eggplant lasagna appetizer was dry and overcooked, and my swordfish main was decent, but only just.

Their website claims that the owner M. Rouissiya often cooks, waits tables and chats with the clientele; I've never seen him once in all the times I've been there. (It's rumored he's a bit of a jerk in the way he treats his mostly Latino staff, anyhow.) In my opinion, the prices are not merited, given food this pedestrian. The mint tea's not even complimentary...
Good little local spot near the PMA. 

Came here for brunch a few weeks ago with a bunch of friends and the staff was very accommodation. We called the day before to make a reservation and were greeted warmly upon arrival. There's not a ton of tables in the restaurant, but it also wasn't very busy when we came (~12:30pm).

It's BYO and they have an assortment of typical brunch foods. I ordered the omelette, which came with potatoes, a small salad, and some toast. Food was good not great.

Staff was very friendly, and prices were incredible (~$10 for food + BYO...) can't beat it. Would highly recommend for a moderately tame brunch with friends, a visit with parents, or even a casual date.
Not gonna lie, kind of shook from how much I liked this place. In the midst of packing for my move out yesterday I hadn't had food allll day and come 7 pm I was ready to consume everything and anything. Luckily for me, we wanted something that we could walk to and Figs is just a ten minute walk away from me. 

We got the vegetable pizza flatbread and steamed mussels for appetizers. Wow. Just wow. The juice that the mussels came in was so ridiculously rich that I legit chugged the rest of the plate after the mussels were gone (may or may not be pictured bc that's kind of gross that I just admitted that). The flatbread was also great with its pesto, sun dried tomato and feta - my boyfriend doesn't really like eating pizza bc he's all about that healthy non carb lifestyle with lots of protein (which I obviously don't abide by lol) but he freaking loved this pizza despite its lack of meats - it was refreshing with its cucumber and the flatbread was thin and not overwhelmingly carby. 

For entrees we got the seafood risotto and the swordfish. Holy freaking shjskalakshaj. Again, I reiterate that I'm freaking shook from how much I enjoyed this place so I don't know if part of that was sheer hunger and desire to be culinarily satiated but fudgeeeee that ish was heavenly. The seafood risotto came in this amazing sauce, completely freaking drenched - I can't put my finger on it what the base of the sauce was but it was like a rich creamy almost corny taste. The shrimp, scallops and mussels were all meaty and surprisingly not the star of the shows because the sauce was the star. The swordfish was also amazing topped with this delicious I think it said bbq sauce but it was a little sweeter and the almonds added texture - the fish was so tender and all the diverse tastes made for a rich flavor profile. 

It's a quaint and small place in Fairmount, had never heard of this place but I highly recommend it. The place is BYOB. It's open kitchen so you can see the staff playing with Fire from your table. The decor is warm and homey. They close at 9 and stop taking people in at 8/8:15 though - just FYI.
The shadiest business ever! We went there for anniversary dinner and the server told us they were cash base business and they directed us to get cash from their ATM. After we got the cash, we were seated outside and the server did not show up for 30 min to even offer menus. I went inside and looked for a server (the first time ever that I had to find the server myself). She was extremely rude, shrug her shoulder and said if you are not happy then leave!! I was shocked how unprofessional she was. Obviously we left. I am deeply disappointed by their service. I would never want to support a business owner with such a poor attitude and staff.
We were a group of 10 and everything ordered was absolutely delicious. I chose this restaurant after reading reviews on Yelp, and must say I confer with others' reviews as being a wonderful place to experience.
 Dinners ordered were Pan Seared Tuna, with a yummy coconut sauce that was not cloyingly sweet, sesame encrusted salmon, filet, scallops, mussels, and desserts of mango sorbet, and fig and pistachio ice creams.
 The place is cozy and cute , with saffron colored walls and a green painted floor - a perfect neighborhood restaurant - I wished I lived in the neighborhood, but still worth a 45 minute drive from Bucks County
Cash only & BYOB. So cute, personal and DELICIOUS!

The staff are so helpful and friendly. The specials all sounded delicious - so we got three of them, even though the menu looked amazing.

No cork fee for wine - which is great! And a really quiet part of town to sit outside for dinner. Easy to get a table with no wait on a Saturday night.

The special salad was greens + strawberries + goat cheese + yogurt poppyseed dressing. It was so fresh and perfect for a summer night. The special soup was a tomato, cucumber gazpacho. It was also really light and refreshing.

The special fish was a swordfish steak with shrimp & mango salsa - SO GOOD! The flavors were perfect. Everything was fresh. Finally, we got the menu seafood risotto, which was filling and super rich. Lots of mussels. Scallops had a great flavor. 

We will definitely be back! The table next to us got the scallops app which was $9 for 5 big scallops. We HAVE to come back just for that!
Overall Experience 3.5.

Came here for a birthday party...The staff was very friendly and attentive.  We had the Lamb and the Seafood risotto.  The food was a solid 3. I gave an extra 0.5 cause it's BYOB. I had a great time.
I went here for brunch.  It was awful.  I couldn't identify anything on our plates that had actually come from inside the kitchen that morning.  Everything was either shipped in (like the croissant that looked shellacked, but was in fact the most edible thing to arrive) or looked way past its prime (like the soggy potatoes).

I feel obliged to point out that the pancakes (which none of us even ordered, but looked OK from afar) **ARRIVED WITH PREPACKAGED KRAFT SYRUP PACKETS**.  I was horrified.  Guys, if you can pay rent on the corner in Fairmount, you can buy some real effing syrup, or at least pretend.
I have never seen worse customer service. We had reserved a table for 7 for Friday night dinner but had to cancel because a friend came down with stomach flu and 2 other friends had their child fall sick. I called them at 5:30 pm because the restaurant only opened at 5 to let them know we won't be coming for our 7:30 pm reservation. In all my life of eating out, i didn't think it was a crime to cancel a reservation. I really wanted to try this place so we decided to go back the next day with a smaller party when my friend felt better. When I called to reserve a table for 5 and gave my name, the hostess yelled at me saying they lost business because I cancelled yesterday so was I sure I was going to make it today. She proceeded to ask me again 4 more times (kid you not!) after I told her we will come and to be fair, we did call to cancel the day before. We did not do a no show. She kept yelling saying they still lost business even if we called. 
As a customer, plans can change regardless of whether it's a medical emergency or not. It's ok not to go if you call the restaurant and ask them to not hold your table. I've never received a worse customer service in any business. I will definitely never take my business here.
PROBABLY MY NEW FAV BYO IN PHILLY! (plus its also really nice when the wine and spirits store is only 3 blocks away ;) ) When you're looking to get fancy and turn down theres no better play to go.

Ordered: 
Hummus (Complementary)
Most interesting hummus I've had. Makes any other hummus just seem bland. They use a nice blend of spices that really does elevate the flavor, and make it orange ;) The bread was nice as well, fresh and lightly toasted.

Crab Stuffed Sole ($21)
I got the crab stuffed sole. Ingredients were fresh. The sole was ridiculously tender, fall apart in your mouth, buttery. The stuffing was a little too mashed potatoey, but still had a really vibrant crab flavor. Haricot Verts were present as well. Mine were slightly undercooked, but still pleasent. Overall dish rating: 4/5

Seafood Risotto ($24)
The aroma from leaving the kitchen was mesmerizing. Seeing this entire plate piled high with jumbo shrimp, scallops and mussels galore, For $24 this was a steal. I almost thought I ordered the wrong thing. Everything was cooked to perfection. The freshness of the seafood combined with the creamyness and savoryness of the risotto was amazing. Would definitely recommend. Overall dish rating: 5/5

Fig Ice Cream ($6)
What they're known for. We couldnt leave without trying it. Kind of like vanilla ice cream with fig chunks. Very smooth and creamy. Good quality ice cream. Nice aftertaste that lets you know it is fresh and figgy.

Would definitely recommend you come try this place out for yourself if you're in the area . I will most certainly be back.
Generally, the Friday evening game plan involves my posse identifying a BYOB that's foreign to all of us.  When I asked around, Figs was suggested along with a glowing recommendation. 

Okay. Reservation. Friday. 7PM. Buy Bottle(s) of Wine. Boom. Done.

I will tell you that if you enjoy family style dining with a group, this is a fantastic spot.  After we popped bottles, we put in a long list of small plates as well as two main entrees to split and asked our server to stagger everything out. It's a tiny little place but does not give a crowded feel, even on a full house Friday night. Therefore, she was watching from nearby and able to successfully able to stagger out the dishes as we asked.  

We started with the Baked Brie, which was cooked and served in a clay dish with honey, almonds and lavender.  It was..interesting.  As we dug in with our pita, we all agreed that although the warm Brie was cooked perfectly, it did taste a little bit like we were eating potpourri from grandma's powder room.

Moving right along: next came the Mediterranean tapas plate.  We went with the baba ganoush (authentically amazing) feta and hummus (ditto on the amazingness factor).  Served with grilled pita, we were all scraping the platter clean. 

Next up came the steamed mussels with charmoula (a savory lemon garlic sauce with Moroccan origin) and more toasted bread. (Carb counting went out the window about 20 minutes ago at this point. Insert long swig of red wine). Yummy.

Finally, the entrees arrive. Just when we thought we have reached the climax of our dining experience, in came the curve ball. Seafood Risotto. Oh. My. God.

Mascarpone. Saffron. Scallops. Mussels. Big fat shrimp. I died and went to heaven. I'm not even being a drama queen right now. This is the real deal, people.

I feel like I am taking the spotlight off the equally tantalizing sesame crusted salmon, served over a bed of creamy roasted garlic mash and grilled asparagus. 

The entire presentation here was picture perfect (no, for real..please relay to one of my favorite Instagram #nom photos).  What made the whole thing even better was when the bill arrived and our jaws hit the tabletop (in a positive way). Unbelievably affordable for the amount of food and the exceptional flavor you experience.  

Moral of the story, if you're a baller on a budget, please come partake in this top notch Mediterranean dining experience.
Very good food. Excellent desserts. Extraordinary service. 

Tucked away in the streets by Fairmount park, this is a small, quiet little joint. When you first walk in you notice it's a petite, yet comfortable space. The decor, the food and service make you feel like you are at home. We ordered the scallops appetizer, which was cooked perfectly. For the main course I order the crab stuffed sole. Once again a perfectly cooked dish. The fish was tender and flaky and the crab meat had a nice crust on it. While the meats were cooked very well, I think they could have used a little more seasoning for my taste. For dessert we ordered the brownie with fig ice cream. The brownie is actually made of chocolate mousse and the taste will blow your mind. It was rich, creamy and perfectly sweet. The fig ice cream was amazing all by itself, but it paired so perfectly with the brownie. 

This place has some of the best service I have ever experienced. They were very quick, they provided excellent suggestions and they were simply very nice people. Definitely a great place overall and spot you certainly want to check out. 

P.S. - Cash only and it's BYOB.
Loved the food...and I am a foodie.  It actually rivalled Table 31!  Unbelievable, huh?  But truly.  The flavors in each dish were distinctive, fresh and complimentary.  And it doesn't hurt that you can bring your own wine. 
The only negatives were that this area is crowded!  And you're at the parking god's whim when finding a parking spot...walk.  I'm not kidding.  And then, the place is small.  Not a good place to go to talk about anythng personal...unless you want to room to know.
First time here and I loved it! Super cute and intimate restaurant with good food and great coffee! I came for brunch but I was actually referred here for their dinner which I heard is phenomenal. We had no issues with service and got a great seat near the windows. 

Pros: probably the best brunch pricing in Philly, no wait time at peak brunch hours (I was there from 12:30-2:00pm), well seasoned food,  good portions that are filling yet not leave you uncomfortably full

Cons: if you're into pork bacon with your breakfast, this isn't the place for you
We ate here for Restaurant week as a group of 6 - a lot of people for this little restaurant! But the apps and entrees were amazing, but our desserts left something to be desired. The creme brulee was a strange texture, and the bread pudding was dry. But all the savory food was fantastic, even the bread and spread they bring out for us while we wait.
2.5... first time here yesterday after our not so memorable visit to a nearby restaurant.

We ordered a bunch of small dishes and they were all hit or miss.  The brie appetizer was good.  It's hard to mess up an appetizer that consists 90% of melted cheese.

We also got the scallops.  For some reason the scallops themselves had a bitter aftertaste which was not appetizing.

And lastly, the mussels.  They were OK, nothing memorable, but the serving size was miniscule.  Maybe we got like 12 mussels.

Cute interior with interesting lamps and wall decor, but that was offset by the standoffish waiter (there was only one).

I don't know if it's worth a repeat visit.
Came across this quaint but busy little BYOB in my old neighborhood. I've always loved the Fairmont/Spring Garden section of Philly. Parking is and always has been a problem but sooner or later you'll find a spot. Overall appearance could be improved but then again I wasn't there to eat the decor.  Our apps included a pasta-less goat cheese lasagna and a Mediterranean sampler. Both were very good. Entrees included garlic mash and grilled asparagus to go along with my nicely grilled Bronzino fish and a Angel hair seafood dish for my guest. Both were flavorful and cooked to perfection. We were given a warm Mediterranean tea (thanks to our server) before our warm Apple cobbler with ice cream for dessert. Service was excellent which made for a lovely dinner.
Not kids friendly at all
Refused to give us high chair 
Had to leave because of their rudeness
Diasppointed, wont go there ever again
Usually a BYOB place has either wonderful food or is inexpensively priced  - - this place had mediocre food and was a bit pricey for what it was.  I found the food bland.  I was part of a party of four and tasted many things at the table.  The only thing that was notable in a good way was the eggplant lasagna.  The angel hair pasta tasted like something I easily could have made better by myself and the rock shrimp dish also left a lot to be desired. The service was efficient but not polished. The fig ice cream I ended with has had freezer burn.  I had a nice time here but it was due to good conversation with friends and not the food.
If I could give Figs no stars I would.

****Future patrons I suggest you avoid this establishment unless you wish to also be disappointed and racially profiled.

I came to Figs from out of town excited to try  there tea, coffee and dessert.As soon as we arrived to the nearly empty establishment and asked for a table for four we informed the server and (I'm guessing the owner) that we were here for dessert and coffee. She took back the menus and said that it was dinner only. However the menu posted outside did not specify. 

It was clear that we were basically denied service based on the abundance of Melanin of our group Minority's are clearly not welcome in the Mediterranean establishment.  I am sad to post negative reviews for what could have been a very delightful evening.
Figs serves up Mediterranean dishes in a cozy setting that feels warm and homey, yet exotic. The kitchen is open in the back and the constant flaring of the grill serves as a reminder of your food being made fresh. It's also BYOB so you can save a considerable amount on drinks if you plan ahead. The food was good with lots of traditional Mediterranean and somewhat Moroccan dishes, like lots of couscous. The appetizers were good, especially the baked brie which was gooey and tasty, though a little heavy on the lavender. The humus sampler was also good, but I felt it missed a certain pop. The entrees were similarly very solid, but lacking a slight something to really make them stand out. The lamb was enormous and well seasoned, I could only finish about half of it. The shrimp were probably the tastiest dish with lots of flavor and a good serving size. With the large table size and BYOB, Figs is a great place for an event or party as well.
Great food. Was very quiet when we went in on Sunday for brunch. The omelettes were really good and were big enough that I was able to take half home. It feels very authentic in here. I've never had moroccan food so I'm not sure what to expect. But I thought it was great!
Small cute place nestled in the art museum nieghborhood with a friendly staff. When we walked in the hostess kindly reminded us it was cash only and a BYOB so you could walk out if you had no cash, or run and get some wine because it was a BYOB. However as a Yelp fanatic, I was very prepared with bottle in hand and boy with cash. 

The baked brie was DELICIOUS. Honey and almonds... and it was gone. We also had the peppered scallops which were also perfectly cooked. So far, so good.

I got the swordfish with date bbq sauce and although it was tasty, the date bbq sauce was pretty much providing an ocean for the swordfish to swim in. It was just way much. The vanilla rice was a nice respite with the overwhelming bbq flavor. Boy got the braised lamb shank which I tried that was cooked deliciously well. We then shared the warm peach bread pudding which was dry and didn't taste a lick of peach. So, eh.

So needless to say, this place was good but not very consistent.
I went to Figs for a birthday dinner last year and wasn't very impressed. I went again a few days ago to grab dinner with a friend, and I am, unfortunately, still not that impressed. 

Figs is pretty pricey (and it's cash only) and entrees are hit or miss, and the wait staff aren't very attentive. When I came this past Friday I ordered the Mediterranean tapas plate and my friend ordered the Mediterranean pizza. The tapas plate was good, and apparently everything is made in house so very fresh as well. My friend didn't love her pizza but didn't hate it. Neither of us was that hungry so we just got appetizers and then had some tea and an apple cobbler. The apple cobbler was good, nothing spectacular, just a homemade apple cobbler like one your aunt might make for Thanksgiving. 

One thing that I didn't love: I finished my water within 10 minutes of being there, and it was never refilled. I kept stealing water from my friend and then 30 minutes in we were both sitting with empty water glasses. Maybe a small thing, but I'm all about checking in and water refills.

Overall, not a bad place to go, but not a top choice either.
Re: brunch. Sometimes patchy service, but, man, so good. And cheap, in comparison to your average nice brunch You can totally come for less than 10 dollars. Big fan of the egg BLT sandwich and the Morrocan Eggs. Most things come with potatoes and a little salad. I'm a fan.
Figs gets five stars because my 4-year old niece loves their pancakes. They would have otherwise received four. She always gets a half-order with strawberries. I've been here about 4-6 times but only for brunch. Everything is always delicious, including the coffee and OJ. The quiche and home fries are my fave. 

The staff are always nice, the atmosphere always relaxed and comfy. It's also walking distance from the crib. What more can a girl ask for! I will be dragging someone with me here for dinner so that I can provide an update. Stay tuned.
This place is awesome.  Absolutely great food, affordable, cool atmosphere, and BYOB!!  I definitely recommend this place!

The Baked Brie with lavender and honey appetizer was awesome.  I had seared tuna in a coconut curry sauce for dinner which was phenomenal. I forget what my wife and friends had but we all really liked our food.

If you're going on a weekend you should probably make a reservation.  The only downside I found with this place is that they only accept cash and don't have an ATM machine nearby.  But that's just a minor inconvenience that the quality of their food definitely trumps.
Came here for lunch. The place was pretty much dead, and yet the service was awful and impersonal. The food was barely edible. I don't understand the hooplah over the Brie. It was bland and sticky. I'm middle eastern and I grew up with Moroccan friends. This, my dear Yelpers, wasn't Moroccan cuisine.
Totally awesome. I went with a group of rowdy girls, probably annoying the crap out of all the other diners, as the acoustics in the place make it a little loud when it fills up. We ordered the flat bread with dippers and the famous lavender honey brie - the former was pretty standard, the latter was ah. maz. ing. It was different than I expected - a little reminiscent of gulab jamon, actually - but so yummy. I got the duck , which I decimated in about 37 seconds. The sauce was awesome, and it was served with spinach and fruit bread pudding. It was sweet and savory goodness. 

It's a little on the expensive side, but the service was prompt and friendly. I will def be back for dinner, and brunch.
Hahaha I love that Steve B. put this in his review:

"MPORTANT - The door is really hard to open and makes people look stupid when they try to get in for about 30 seconds.  Just grab the handle and throw a shoulder into it."

Very good advice. You should also know that Figs is cash only. 

Went here for dinner earlier in the month. It was good but a little expensive. The baked brie appetizer was wonderful. For entres the vegetarian options were extremely limited so I had to get the Greek-style angel hair pasta. My girlfriend had the char grilled chicken and we both enjoyed our food. The waiter was nice but not very good. He didn't notice that we only had one silverware setting until we got the entres and had to request another. Water refills were pretty much non-existent despite the restaurant being 2/3 empty. I don't think I'd go back for dinner (mainly because I'm vegetarian) although I'm interested to check out the brunch based on Yelp reviews.
My husband and I went to Figs for dinner on one of our date nights, and we had a lovely time.  It's BYOB, and the menu is quite interesting.

We had the Baked Brie Appetizer, a pot of melted brie, honey, and almond that was a bit on the sweet side but very tasty.  For dinner, my husband had the Lamb Tagine (!!!) and I had the Crispy Duck--both were delicious, and we each were convinced that ours was the best choice.  For dessert, we tried their homemade ice cream--the fig was absolutely wonderful.  

I would describe the atmosphere of the place was very romantic and intimate--not many tables and lower lighting.  The only issue we had was a small one--our waiter was sometimes difficult to flag down, and he did seem a bit on the busy side, but it never became an issue.

Overall, a good find, and I am proud of my husband for picking it.
Really wanted to like this place more. 

Pluses: we were seated right away for our reservation time. The service was courteous and prompt. The desserts were delicious (fig ice cream and creme brle). 

Minuses: the lamb, which on the menu looks amazing, came out grossly under seasoned and a bit more gamey than I like.  The portion was generous enough but it just wasn't savory enough.  For a $23 dollar entree, I was disappointed and this brought down the entire experience. 

Maybe next time Figs...
My friend and I shared the baked brie appetizer after reading the glowing reviews on Yelp. I see what all the fuss is about, it's really delicious! And a large portion for two people, although we ate every last bit of it. I also had the filet mignon. I don't normally order steak but the description on the menu sounded amazing. I'm glad I went for it because it was perfect. 

We were there pretty early for dinner and it was a weeknight, so maybe I shouldn't be so surprised by this... but we were the only ones in the restaurant for our entire meal. It just seemed odd to me. I'd like to check it out on a weekend and see if the atmosphere is any different.

Also love that it's BYOB!
Cozy, delicious little place.  Great for a Saturday date night dinner.

I couldn't decide what to order since most of the dishes sounded delicious and interesting, but I went for the tuna.  Seared rare with wilted spinach and garlic mashed potatoes in a banana coconut curry.  The tuna was perfect - very rare, melt in your mouth, and came in thick juicy strips.  The curry was quite interesting - very banana-y and coconut-y, but a little too sweet for my taste.  My husband's crispy duck was perfectly done and tender, and the clove spiced broth it came in would make a great holiday meal.

We also got the baked brie app (you can never go wrong with baked brie), and the lavender honey on it was especially fragrant and gave it something extra.  The goat cheese on the house salad was amazingly fresh too.

The kitchen seemed to close a little early... we arrived around 9:15 and were gently told to put our order in sooner rather than later since the kitchen was closing soon (they're open to 11).  But we didn't feel rushed at all, and other diners were still there when we left.

Definitely a great little byo to check out for some authentic Moroccon!
Our foursome came to Figs last Friday armed with a few bottles of liquid fun ,in search of a memorable meal. We arrived a few minutes after our reservation time due to rain and  of course the parking situation in Fairmount is awful. Wine opened and flowing freely we as a table decided to split some apps, bake brie, mussels, and scallops. After our apps orders were placed we were brought out some fresh bread and hummus. The bread was soft and chewy with a nice crust and the hummus had a great balance of chickpeas and spice. The favorite app of the table was the brie.
 It was delish , and served in a clay pot drizzled with lavender honey, the pita points that came along side were a great match up with the cheese.  The scallops and mussels were just alright and the scallops had a slight fishy odor that rubbed us all the wrong way. The mussel broth was fantastic but the mussels were not as plump and sweet as I'm used to, and at least 4 were still slightly closed never a good sign. 
Entrees came and silence quickly took over the table as we ate the lamb shank, swordfish, sole stuffed with crab and the pasta. The other diners  at the table seemed to enjoy their meals a lot my dish the swordfish could have used just a little more salt and the extra sweet date sauce drizzled on top of the already sweet rice was a little sugar over kill I think the dish could use more savory elements.
Dessert was solid the fig ice cream is as good as everyone says and the chocolate chips canoli were better than some I've had at Italian bakeries. 

I liked the dcor, music and ambiance of this place its VERY intimate and cozy (SMALL) including the entry way into the restaurant. There is an open kitchen which I usually enjoy but we sat away from it as to avoid the loud clatter of pots and pans. Overall the meal was good. I probably wouldn't rush back for dinner but the brunch menu is worth checking out.
I have only good things to say about my dinner at Figs last night! The weather was great, and we scored a table outdoors on a warm spring night on a quiet street in Fairmount.

This is a cash only BYOB. The prices are about $18-$24 an entree, but the portion size is well worth it. We split the brie appetizer, which was full of herbacious flavors and crunchy almonds, and received a white bean spread to start. For our entrees, we had the lamb shank over couscous and vegetables, and the fish special of the night. Overall, everything tasted like my grandma's home cooking, if my grandma was Moroccan (and she's not). Everything was made with love and the generous portions really made it feel like a family style meal, as opposed to overpriced fine dining fanciness.

We were too stuffed for dessert, but I really hope to come back here soon. I noticed the brunch menu was extremely reasonable, and I see reviews raving about it. Hope to try it really soon and take advantage of the outdoor seating again.
I loved Figs. I tried the dips appetizer with hummus, tzatziki and feta, everything was fresh and well seasoned. The tuna steak special with wasabi mashed potatoes was so good I stuffed myself to eat it all. The salmon was also very, very good and it was cooked perfectly. The food took a bit to come out between courses but I actually like that because it gives you time to digest and ensures you do not feel rushed. The fact that it is cash only is a minor inconvenience. The restaurant is small so it feels nice and intimate and I enjoyed the decor, think dark colors, paintings, and gold accents. I do think the prices are high for the area, and if they were even a couple of dollars lower I would come more often. BYOB is a huge plus though and certainly saves money!
Out of the select few restaurants I have been to in Fairmount, Figs may be favorite. What a hidden gem within the neighborhood. Stellar Moroccan cuisine with quality that truly makes an imprint. I always get the sesame crusted salmon, and tonight it tasted amazing. The portions are fitting and the meal is certainly filling as the side of mash potatoes and asparagus are an exquisite touch.

A great place for special occasions, Figs is never overly crowded, so getting a reservation is fairly easy. Though they really emphasize the whole reservation ordeal. Place seems old fashioned; BYOB, cash only, one waitress. 

Its atmosphere and ambience are comforting for what feels like it might be an expensive night out, but is actually quite affordable for fine dining.  I don't come to Figs often, but when I do, it's always an excellent experience.
Me and my girlfriend came here for a nice dinner last Tuesday night (9/3/19). Service was alright, food was amazing. My girlfriend forgot her purse there overnight so we came to pick it up the next day. Sadly enough her whole wallet was missing. She used that same wallet to pay for dinner so we are 100% sure someone from the staff went into her purse and stole her wallet with around $50. Its not possible that we lost the wallet ourselves since we used it to pay for that same dinner. It's really sad that we paid for dinner and tipped well only to have her money stolen. She also works in a restaurant and that cash was her tip money. We will NOT return to a place where workers steal from their own customers and will surely tell our friends about this.
Extremely tasty! This place is a culinary adventure for your taste buds. Delicious, fresh, and healthy. Just a note, it is cash only.
I returned to Figs recently for the first time in 2 years with my mom & sisters for dinner.  I was glad to see that nothing had changed.  Same cozy restaraunt with the same (delicious) menu.  I had made reservations for 7:30pm for my party of 6 on a Saturday night and we were seated promptly. 

We orderd a lot of food and I got to sample a little bit of everything.  Appetizers: the baked brie in the clay pot is a must.  The lavendaer gives it a really unique flavor.  We also got the mussels (delicious), the hummus/smoked salmon pizza (surprisingly really good, at first thought it might be an odd combo) and the tzatziki which I wasn't really a fan of (but I think I just don't liek tzatziki in general).  Entrees: I had the tuna.  It was perfectly cooked, pan seared and melted in your mouth.  That came with spinach which was really fresh, not a gritty mass of slimy overcooked stuff.  It also came with mashed potatos with banana coconut curry sauce (yum!).  I also got to sample the seafood risotto and the filet mignon which were both really good.  I tasted the swordfish which I really liked but the vanilla rice that it came with was way too sweet for my taste.

I would say the only con was that the service could have been a bit better. For example, we asked 3 times before finally getting a bucket of ice for our white wine. By the time it arrived the wine was warm.  But overall I love figs and will continue to go back. And remember, it's byob and cash only!
Went for lunch and the menu was fine.  Had the crabs benedict.  It was reasonably priced, but the crab was nothing to write home about.  Plus, portions were small -- I felt a bit hungry after and I am a fairly light eater.  Also, this place is cash only, which is a definite minus in my book.
Went here with a group of my friends, and it was not a pleasant experience. There is only one guy to serve, and he is not friendly at all, not rude though. We asked for extra bread, we were 8 people and he gave 3 pieces. Prices are very hight compared to the serving size. Another thing and probably the most important, they only accept CASH, which is so bad. They are right across Philadelphia Art Museum and don't accept cash!!??
It's a trek to get to Figs from my house in South Philly, but it's worth it! 

What I like the most: The tin roof, the build your own omelet (I go for goat cheese, tomato, and spinach), the kind and lovely server who attends the whole restaurant, the sunlight streaming in,  the bread pudding, the paintings in the bathroom.... there's a lot to like. 

I went there for my birthday this year and they put some candles in our desserts. A nice little touch.
Figs is a great Fairmount BYO. It is family run, and is operated with a small kitchen in the back. While I've had mediocre dinner experiences, their weekend brunch makes me forget about some of the cons.

Pros:
BYO
Simply the best Eggs Benedict I've ever had
Solid other brunch dishes
Not expensive
Baked Brie in a Clay Pot

Cons:
Mediocre dinner
Scallops did not taste fresh
Is usually pretty empty during the week, so you're generally eating alone

I recently moved out of the area, but will keep coming back for the Eggs Benedict. Not so much for the dinner.
Yum Yum Yum! Instead of a main course I had a slew of apps. The tapas plate was a big thumbs  up and the waitress was nice enough to bring us an extra helping of bread. My friends meal looked incredibly delish (crunchy duck) while I had the filo triangle with spinach (the best!), salmon pizza (meh), eggplant lasagna (thumbs up!) and the special salad (mango!). Needless to say, half came home with me.

It's BYOB and Cash only. It's incredibly priced-so good for so little! I can't wait to go back.

Our waitress was incredibly patient, kind and helpful. Is it time to go back  yet?
The table ordered:
brie in the clay pot
special salad with pineapple-very good

lamb
3 shrimp with angel hair
filet
2 sole stuffed with crab meat

everything was delicious.  The waiter was very helpful and attentive.
A place my family loves to go back to every few months!
I think I ordered the wrong thing because it looked and was pitiful. 

The service is super friendly and feels like a family operated business. Which also brings to light how badly trained the servers are.  They are painfully slow-- I'm hungry!
Came here again for dinner with the man friend And both of us were yet again pleased with our experience. 

I got the ginger plum salmon with grilled asparagus and mashed potatoes. While he got the date BBQ swordfish with vanilla rice and spinach. Both were really rich and well seasoned dishes that were incredibly tasty and complex. However, only complaint was that they were a but over sauced. And the sweetness made me want to squeeze a lemon over my fish. Will still be coming for dinner again though!!
Who: Man and I and 2 bottles of wine
When: Friday at 7 PM
Reservations: Nah.

I can praise compensation, especially when food makes you forget about the the under air-conditioned restaurant and its NO air-conditioned bathroom (salient and pertinent facts on a humid, 90+ degree summer evening).

Talk about compensation; the lavender brie appetizer was by far the most taste-bud inspiring thing I've tasted on an appetizer menu. It was a heavenly combination along with sliced almonds, honey, and I wished it was in a pushed pastry rather than on pita bread slices. Still, I prolonged its existence on our table and deflected the server's 3 attempts to get cleared, even as he took away my nearly done entree. Man looked enviously at my rare tuna entree, which sat upon a garlic-y spinach bed and a foundation of mashed potatoes, made an island unto itself by the banana coconut curry. THAT was also good, much better than Man's lamb shank dish, a solid but unspectacular meal whose highlights were the aromatic couscous. 

Done speaking of the highs, I want to speak of one more speakable low: the mussel appetizer. Dried and shrivel, Figs threw away their potential; the grass was proven to be greener at Monk's/Belgian Cafe. Stomach space is precious real estate, and I could have gotten another 5 dollar heavenly brie for the nearly half the price of the mussels.
We went here right before an Art After 5 event at the Art Museum and enjoyed a light dinner. It was SO hot outside, we didn't want to eat too much, so we ordered some salads and apps. I really like the baby greens with walnuts, gorgonzola and just the right amount of lemon-y vinaigrette. My partner had a salad with Romaine lettuce, shaved parmesan, and some Caesar dressing. This is one of those salads where the Romaine leaves come out whole, so it looks fancy, but it's just a bother to make it that much smaller to eat. Still tasty, though. We shared the pepper crusted scallop, which sat on this bed of yellow peppers, we think. Whatever they were, it was very good. Just enough spice to be flavorful, but not too much where I couldn't enjoy my other food. We also shared the Mediterranean tapas plate, which I asked for the baba ghanoush, hummus, and tzatiki. Their flatbread came out warm and toasted, just the way I like it. I should have done a bit of research b/c I didn't know it was CASH ONLY, luckily there was an ATM nearby. Oops! The cost is reasonable, the staff, is very pleasant, and the decor is lovely. I especially like the huge front doors and the light fixtures. I've never been to Morocco, but I feel like dining there brought me much closer.
A traditionally decorated place on an inconspicuous corner run (at least when we were there) by a sweet older woman in a headdress.  Nice.  I'm in for some solid, perhaps more refined Moroccan food here, right?

Well...sorta.

Sesame crusted salmon?  Awesome.  Perfectly cooked.  Zero complaints.  But Moroccan? Nah.  Well...sorta.  The ginger plum sauce it's on certainly is, but otherwise this seems like an old American/Pan-Asian "standard" adopted because it would sell.

This trend of "typical" dishes (crab stuffed sole, crispy duck, seafood risotto, etc) with Northern African twists seems to be the trend here.  Is that bad?  No.  Do I wish the more traditional side of things came out here more (like in the braised lamb tagine over sweet couscous and veggies)?  Sure.  But was everything we had absolutely phenomenal?  Damn straight.

Sidenote: BYO and super low pricing here.  Brie in a clay pot for under $6, a meal for two consisting of roast lamb, brie, and salmon for under $50?  So many reasons to return.
Quite disappointing. On the plus side, this is an intimate, charming quiet, BYOB restaurant in an interesting neighborhood just blocks from the Philadelphia Museum of Art. We were greeted warmly and the service had a genuine, homey feeling.  However, the menu should have been a warning:  In what part of Morocco do they serve lasagna, risotto, mashed potatoes, or cannoli?  The staff all seemed to be Middle Eastern, but apparently don't care to share their native cuisine with their clientele.  The bread they served was ice cold.  I am puzzled by the average 4 star reviews and rather annoyed to have chosen the restaurant on that basis.
Sometimes I literally dream about the sesame crusted salmon in the plum sauce, served over grilled asparagus and mashed potatoes.  I finally took the boyfriend to Figs, and he thought it was "really good" but he hasn't dreamed about it yet.  For shame.

Other things to get: brie with honey in a clay pot, duck with spinach & bread pudding, risotto.  Also their brunch is a little atypical, but still really great (fluffiest pancakes I've ever seen), BYO, and never has a wait like the other places in the 'hood.
C'mon, Figs - I know you can do so much better.

I really wanted to like this place because it's in my neighborhood, it seems to be loved by the neighborhood, I've heard from friends that the dinner is great, and the previous Yelp reviews have been very positive.  There were some really lovely regulars in the restaurant chatting with one another.  The decor is beautiful.  Our waitress was sweet.  So much potential!

So it's Sunday brunch, party of four - two of us ordered the BLT, and the other two ordered build your own omelets.  The BLT is comprised of: a large buttery croissant, wilted lettuce served under scrambled eggs, Hollandaise sauce, tomato and turkey bacon.  It's a mushy, tasteless messy sammy that you eat with a fork + knife.  And it came out to the table about room temp.  It seemed very carelessly prepared.

The build-your-own omelets were fine, unimpressive, not well seasoned...but they were hot, which was an improvement over the BLT.  The potatoes weren't bad - a tad mushy, but well seasoned.  

The coffee was overly bitter, but maybe it was a bad batch (trying hard to give them the benefit of the doubt).

HOWEVER - it's cheap as chips there, and it's a real neighborhood joint.  I'd go again to cure a bad hangover maybe - the pancakes looked tasty. It's just not the treasure that I read it was, sadly.  With such a simple menu (read: not much selection), you've got to be able to execute everything you're offering.

I think maybe they've stopped paying attention to quality, or maybe the kitchen was having a bad day.  We went somewhere else after to satisfy our craving for tasty food.
I came here for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. I was surprised at how cheap it is for how much food you get. I got a make-your-own omelette with goat cheese, tomatoes, and spinach. It was delicious. The coffee was good as well. As others have mentioned, it is cash only so keep that in mind. I'm excited to go back for dinner some time.
It's been over 10 years since I dined at Figs, and I'm surprised I didn't have memories of the delicious food.  For a laid back NYE dinner, Figs was available on short notice and they delivered.

The moroccan inspired menu featured whole fish, savory meats falling off the bone, duck, shellfish, as well as some vegetarian options.  Prices were reasonable; it's a BYOB.  I ordered the seared tuna special served on wasabi mashed potatoes.  The boo had salmon with shrimp, crab, and crawfish on top.  SO STINKING GOOD.  Having just gotten over a stomach bug, I was fully able to clean my plate.  It was the first plate I had cleaned in 3 days.  And I'm a cleaner.

The wait staff was extremely friendly and continuously assured us we'd be sitting shortly as we stood awkwardly in the vestibule.  I'd definitely return, especially with a group - can't beat a BYOB on a group dinner!

**Cash only**
What a lovely find for me, my family and my business colleagues.  Last night I had clients here from out of town. When I last saw them, I took them to Audrey Claire, which if you read my prior Yelp was a tragic mistake.  I wanted our experience to be far better yesterday, so we had manicures, lunch, massages (read other reviews about those events) followed by dinner and a trip to the Philadelphia Art Museum to hear First Person Arts storyslams. 

My research found Figs and I thought it would accommodate the various eating habits of the guests: you know, one is vegan, one is on Atkins diet, one will eat anything that doesn't eat him first, and then there is always someone with allergies or strong dislikes.  Figs was just that.  The menu contains meat, seafood, and vegetable dishes. Plus, the wait staff, a wonderful woman who is from Morocco but speaks very clear and understandable English, helped us by asking the cooks what ingredients were used in certain items and making our meals deviate from that offered on the menu -- all without any qualms.  So , I could order the spinach over couscous minus the shrimp to avoid eating animals, and my colleague could order the salmon with extra asparagus but no mashed potatoes to skip the carbs.  

The staff and the menu were accommodating, but wait, there's more.  The food was delicious.  We ate every bite, well almost every bite before leaving. We were so full that I could not finish every vegetable on the Mediterranean Vegetable platter (probably because I had a fill of the bean dip with pita (we refused wonderful offers for more pita too) and the beet and haricot verts salad.  But, the food was so good, I got up this morning and finished it for my pre-breakfast snack!

The restaurant is pretty to look at, it was quiet and perfectly lit to give you the impression you were alone even though other customers were sitting nearby.  Best of all, when we asked for a receipt to get reimbursed for business expenses, the love waitress described above hand wrote the order a second time to give us an itemized list of foods. 

So, here you have it - a restaurant two blocks from the art museum that is good for people with all sorts of eating habits, people who just wanna have fun visiting our wonderful Philadelphia sites and people who want to entertain business colleagues -- all in one lovely place.
I wanted to love this place: I came open minded, building on my earlier experience, which was fantastic - and I wanted to recapture that. Not to be.  Made reservation for 6 pm on a Saturday, for pre-theater dinner, and to continue hubby's b'day celebration. We were running 10 min late, so I specifically called to say so, and clearly inquired if the table will wait. I was just as clearly told there would be no problems. 

We arrive, as noted 10 min late, and had to wait for almost 20 min to be seated. If you were ever at this restaurant, there is no entry foyer, no hostess area where you can discreetly wait.  You are literally standing at the front door, in full view of the diners and looking over them, sending subliminal messages to "step on it. " ( and feel they are responding "I'll go when I'm good and ready"). 

By the time we did sit down, we had lees than an hour to inhale our dinner and run out, to make it to the theater. Since we stick with vegetarian choices, we thought a Moroccan restaurant will be a good dining decision. 

We decided to take an array of apps and enjoy the "tapas" style meal with a bottle of wine we brought. We ordered  salmon and hummus pizza (seemed different and exotic), eggplant & cheese lasagna sans pasta, peppered scallops, and an a combo of baba ganush, tzatziki and stuffed grape leaves.  We thought 4 apps would be filling enough. 

We mentioned our time constraint, and asked for plates to come it as they were prepared.  In he meantime, we received some sliced bread and a bean dip - which I'm 95% certain came from a can. 

Soon the pizza arrived: nothing exotic - a pita smothered with humus and slices of smoked salmon laid on top, sprinkled with chopped onion, slightly warmed up. Interesting. Then came the combo plate - only instead of tzatziki there was more hummus. We pointed out the mistake, and received a small saucer of tzatziki. All three items on the combo plate tasted like they were mass produced, and not home made. The scallops, described as seared with black pepper on top, truly appeared pale, more like poached, and looked & tasted like they were cooked barely enough to be safe to eat. We did not finish these. The "lasagna" was just a mush of ingredients. By this point in time we were so disappointed with the dinner, we just wanted to leave, and have dessert elsewhere. 

The place was too noisy (there was ~20-person party kicking off) and the open kitchen gave way to a smoky, garlicky haze to settle over the dining area.  All added up to an experience best forgotten. 

We did ask who was the chef that evening, as Fig's web site promotes its owner as the creative chef. We were told another person was the chef that (unfortunate) evening, and he probably had nothing to do with our apps. 

If you go, I suggest you focus on main dishes, which, hopefully, will have the chef's touch, as my experience says apps are pre-fabbed and not worth your time or money.
Just one more birthday dinner to top it all off...

Figs, you did not disappoint.  Small but cozy BYOB in the art museum district with a short yet diverse menu.  
 
We opted for the Mediterranean sampler appetizer with the hummus, baba ganoush, and fish salad. Hummus was excellent, others so-so. For my entre, I tried the swordfish coated in a date bbq sauce and topped with sliced almonds. Quite delicious.

For dessert, I had to try the homemade fig ice cream - what a tasty, creamy combination! 

And the survey says... unique cuisine, generous portions, cute, cozy, laid back environment. You should try it.

Oh and don't forget, this place doesn't take cards so BRING PLENTY OF CASH.
This place has the best salmon I've had in Philadelphia: cooked perfectly and seasoned just right.  as the other reviewer mentioned, the brie is a must order, and the service could not have been friendlier.  The only minor complaint is that it is a bit pricey, but it really is worth it.
Really nice moroccan/mediterranean fare near the art museum.  friend told me that even though it sounds strange i should try the brie/fig/nut/lavendar appetizer ... and she's right it was great.  whole bronzino was delicious.  nice grown-up feel without the  over-staged trendiness that plagues so many philly restaurants, where the show overwhelms the food.
byob
Perfect everytime.  Excellent food.  Great staff. Best BYO in the neighborhood!!  CASH ONLY...maybe that would be my only knock since I NEVER have cash.  Also, call for reservations.
The food at this restaurant was really disappointing, although the people were very nice and the decor was good. The best part of the meal were the appetizers, the baked brie in a honey lavender liquid and a mezze platter. The hummus was coarse and not great. 

My whole fish was fine, with a side of mashed potatoes that were a little wet. MY daughter ordered the lamb shank. It did not deliver the flavor that this dish should have. It was kind of bland. My wife had Indonesian KIng shrimp that she enjoyed and I'm glad that i did not order it because it had a very strong, unusual flavor that I did not like. 

This restaurant is listed as Moroccan, but has a range of different dishes. Just disappointing food preparation.
I have lived in the Art Museum area for years, and the one restaurant in the city that my wife and I will go to over and over again is Figs.  It has great atmosphere and great food.  All of our friends and family we have taken there have had nothing but praise for it, saying it's one of the best places they've eaten.  

Figs is a Mediterranean BYO that has a bit of a Moroccan flair.  We have had a lot of the appetizers and entrees on the menu, but I'll just concentrate on a couple to whet your appetite.  The baked brie with honey is very delightful as an appetizer, as the last reviewer noted.  Also, the tuna sashimi (called my favorite appetizer) is very fresh and delicious.  And you couldn't go wrong with any of the choices for the tapas plate (hummus, baba ganoush, etc.)  

For entrees, the shrimp with vanilla rice is absolutely fantastic - the grilled shrimp pair great with the sweet, but not overly sweet, rice.  The whole fish of the day is very enjoyable, grilled to tenderness with simply spiced roasted potatoes and asparagus, as to not compete with the delicious fish.  They have great filet and chicken dishes as well, and the crispy duck breast is a sweet change of pace.  

Make sure you call ahead for a reservation, though...on Friday and Saturday nights, you may be waiting for awhile if you don't.  The dining room is a bit small, but bigger than other BYOs I've been to in the city.  Figs has some outside seating during the nicer days of the year as well, which is nice since it's in a quaint neighborhood.  

Did I mention they have brunch too?  I haven't been, but my friends have and they say it is excellent with reasonable prices.  

If you haven't been to Figs, you just don't know what you're missing.
I live 2 blocks from the place and have been a few times; definitely recommended.  Dinner is the meal you go for.  Brunch is average at best.  The menu has very tasteful options and everyone I dined with really enjoyed their food.  I had a seafood medley bit in a curry.  Much better than I expected.  Brother had the tuna which was prepared rare and tasted fresh.  Shrimp dish was good.  Sorry, not the best review.  It was a few months back that I went but I remember being very impressed and looking forward to going back, if that helps
In short, best BYOB in fairmount. I had a special the 3rd time in... Stuffed salmon with vanilla risotto and a sour glaze. Cooked perfectly, I didn't want it to end, so I ate it very very slowly..... Drove my family crazy.
Decent Moroccan byob in the Fairmount neighborhood. I really liked the appetizers we got. Baked brie with honey and almonds and smoked salmon pizza with hummus. Both were delicious and perfect portion sizes. However, the entrees take a backseat to the apps. I had the sesame encrusted tuna in sweet and sour sauce with wasabi mashed potatoes and sauted spinach. It was good. Not great, but above mediocre. My wife had the swordfish in date BBQ sauce. Date BBQ just sounds amazing but this sauce needed more date and less BBQ. It was too heavy.
We went to Figs for our friends birthday party--reservations are recommended on the weekends. They were very accommodating for our large party (9!) in such a small space. They put a little candle in my friend's dessert, so much nicer than having 9 bored waiters at a chain restaurant come over with half-hearted birthday singing.

We ordered several of the appetizers--they were all delicious. My favorite was the beet and haricot vert salad with goat cheese. I ordered the seafood mascarpone saffron risotto. I'm usually not a fan of scallops, but these were prepared just right. 

Even though the restaurant was small, you really weren't aware of all the other diners, it was very cozy. Everyone was super satisfied with their food--we can't wait to go back and try brunch.
I was a big fan of Figs until recently. Apparently the owner went to Morocco and left Chef John in charge of the place. This chef was very nasty and inhospitable...this is in direct contrast to the warm hospitality that we have always received there...
Really not sure what the fuss is about here! I came here for brunch. There was only one other table, yet the service was horrible. The server barely grunted back when spoken to. We ordered the Brie, which was fine, but nothing to come back for. Our brunch came with "fresh" fruit which was slimy and rotten. The Cantaloupe and Honeydew melons were almost see-through. From the other reviews, it seems dinner is the best bet here, but I'm not willing to spend the money to find out.
I have been away from Philadelphia for about a year but this was my favorite restaurant in the city - I could eat here every week and never grow tired. A very small neighborhood place in the Art Museum area they serve dinner & brunch.  They do take reservations which isn't always the case with BYOs. There are two down-sides which don't bother me that much, but might hinder others - parking is a pain and it's cash only. The menu is Moroccan inspired with lamb, shrimp, coucous, great flavors and auromatic ingredients. The service has always been fantastic an acommodating to my requests. It can get a little loud if there are big parties (as there really is only room for one large party). Definitely visit this restaurant, you have my word.
