Mugshot Diner in Fishtown, Philadelphia, is a classic urban diner, open 24/7 for the people of this north of Center City community.  We stopped in after a show at Punch Line comedy club the other night. Laughing so much made us hungry. We cruised around the block for parking and found a spot on our second pass on York Street. Thank you parking angels!

We sat in a booth along the front windows, where the hostess placed two menus and a specials laminated card. Our server came along promptly, introduced himself, and told us to let him know when we were ready to order. 

At 10 it wasn't very busy. Decent music in the background. We ordered one of their burgers and eggplant parmesan on ciabatta, after our server warned us off other ideas. Gotta trust the guy. Both sandwiches were decent - the burger grilled to a juicy medium, and the eggplant tender with adequate red sauce and mozzarella. They weren't awesome, but neither was that expected for the place and price. We were satisfied with this late meal. 

Mugshot has a sister house in Mt. Holly, NJ, where I have had several good breakfasts. If you like either one, your bound to like the other.
This is a new place, so I don't expect it to be perfect, but I didn't expect it to be like this. The diner itself is very cold, therefore it made the food, and our coffee, cold very fast. My daughter ordered pancakes and they were very thin and not tasteful at all. We never got refills on our coffee and I never got my scrapple. To add on to the problems, our server, who didn't even tell us her name, came to check on us once and didn't clear anything that we were finished with and was not friendly at all. Overall we went in hoping that it would be a new breakfast spot, but the mugshot diner just didn't deliver.
Okay, dudes, let me lay it on the line. Around the corner, at Memphis Taproom, they serve AMAZING food. They have creative, skilfully cooked, locally sourced, organic, from-scratch, highly varied, kiss-the-tips-of-your-fingers fusion down-home cooking. They serve this amazing food, moreover, alongside an ever-revolving smorgasbord of craft beers. And their service is both comradely and intelligent.  

This is your direct competition. So you had better listen closely when I tell you that we spent EXACTLY THE SAME AMOUNT OF MONEY on a memorable, delectable and deeply satisfying meal for three at Memphis Taproom, including beer, that we spent on a deeply banal, beer-free meal at Mugshot. 

Please let this sink in. You are charging damn-near-Manhattan prices for freezer waffles, stale bacon (previous reviewer was right), canned vegetables and iced tea. You can't get away with that. Either significantly lower your prices or significantly raise your quality standards. Right now you've altered our cost-benefit calculations so aggressively that we're going to Memphis twice as often.
Average food in a more hipster vibe, though Fishtown has come a long way from its more humble roots just a few short years ago.

They have everything from milkshakes to breakfast to burgers and, hey, it is Philadelphia, so they ha e cheesesteaks. Service and food are ok, I guess ok in a mediocre kind of way, but diners have never been known to be culinary destination spots.

Again, it has a cool vibe and the more traditional diner feel. It is a bit more expensive, but in all honesty, I guess the world is a bit more expensive. Stop in and give them a try.
I so desperately wanted this place to be good. Unfortunately I was very disappointed. I knew it was owned by someone who owned a couple diners in Jersey and being from there I was pumped to have a Jersey diner so close to my house. So going in I was hoping for one of two things, either Jersey diner food at Jersey diner prices, or Fishtown quality food at fishtown prices. They decided to go with Jersey Diner quality food with Fishtown prices. Everything was a few dollars more expensive than it would be in Jersey but it was still the same old food. 

We started with buffalo wings. They were nothing special, like I said pretty much exactly what you'd expect at a diner. Next, the two of us spilt a Chicken Gyro and a Cheesburger, two not very complicated meals. We also ordered both with no tomatoes. So the food came out very quicly but both with tomatoes. The waitress was very apologetic and she said she put the order in that way, and she took them back. They just picked the diced tomatoes off the gyro and didn't even get them all. Again this is something that happens often and it wasn't a big deal. But the food was very very disappointing. 

The chicken on the gyro was dry, there was hardly any other toppings on it, probably because they got picked off with the tomatoes. The sauce was eh. I mean it's a gyro, its what diners are suppose to make and it was not very good. The burger wasn't very good either, again dry with no seasoning. For $10 I was hoping for a lot more, especially considering I could go a few minutes away to Frankford Hall and get one of the best burgers in the city for $11 or down to Memphis Tap for the same. 

I understand it's a new restaurant, but my hopes aren't high that it will ever become anything than typical Diner food at Philly prices, which when considering there are so many better places within 5 blocks I doubt I'll bother going there anymore until it changes.
You seen my picks of our food, and the bill, the omelets are very small for the $9.00 price tag. I asked for my omelet to be light and toast to be dark. But the came out reversed and not as hot as you would like it to be.A huge staff slow service and some poor attitude at the register ( asked why I was charged for the feta) eyes rolled tude set in. I only asked why I was being charged not that I wanted .50 back. so all and all I would rather wait 20 min. At hinge restaurant anytime over this over priced menu under knowledgable (customers make the business) staff. Too bad very close to home.
GOT FOOD POISONING HERE! Yuck!

Here's what I'm staying: HOW DO YOU SCREW UP A BURGER AND FRIES - IN AMERICA?!?

Was leaving a Christmas party down the street and saw the diner and decided why not. Well, my instincts are something I should've stuck with and went to Wawa instead.

Well silly me, I'm a foodie I should trust my instinct LOL. It looked well lit, the Decour wasn't dingy, and there was a good handful of people inside. After finally finding parking which took a while (I mean come on it's Fishtown lol) I went inside.

Staff seemed polite and friendly and if you could give zero stars I would give one star simply for them... But the experience with the food was so bad that I have to give it a one star review. 

I kept it really simple and ordered a burger and fries. Medium, with fried onions, a side of guacamole & a side of ranch. PRETTY SIMPLE RIGHT?! Nope lol. 

When the food arrived the problems were noticeable right from the start, but I was too hungry after not having a regular full meal all day to worry about it. But those three warnings should've been enough for me... Hence the one star, because there were three distinct problem with that I'm not sure what caused it:

1) part of the guacamole was brown...NO BUENO!!!
2) The ranch was a little too sour... Wasn't sure if it was just cheap or old or left out. Again - no Bueno!
3) this burger was not medium, it was a rare LOL. However even if a burger is rare and it is cooked correctly, it will be fine regardless of whether it is pink. That is a common misconception... The issue is that most people don't know how to cook a burger pink and cook it correctly with the proper heat. 

I skipped around the guacamole that was brown, stop eating the ranch, and only half of the burger. For some reason halfway through the meal I just started to dislike the food. It almost felt like I was eating bad food (grin). And my stomach was getting queasy from it. So I got it to-go and left. By the time I got home about 40 minutes later I ran to the bathroom and was hurling for 15 minutes straight - all of the food back up. The next day I was sick as a dog and had a fever and was in bed - it was terrible!

Now for the skeptics out there that may say food poisoning cannot develop that fast, well that depends on how rancid the food is. If you started eating something with extremely high amounts of mold or bacteria or the like, your body will immediately reject it. It wouldn't take time to develop. Aside from that, I had only had a few snacks throughout the day and I was completely fine when I arrived there. For something to develop that fast with an eating a meal, when I hadn't eaten in hours, it's pretty black and white what the cause was! And since there were three culprits in this meal I'm not sure which if not all caused it. 

This is just completely unacceptable. ITS A BURGER AND FRIES JEEZ! How hard is that!?  

NEVER
GOING
BACK.
it took them a while to open and living up the street its closed doors were staring us in the face daily. we wanted to hate the place before we even visited: either we wouldn't like the food and we'd have to live near the place or we would like the food and become obese due to it's easy access to our front door. 

we stayed away for about a month, before procrastinating dinner plans one sunday night made us realize, "huh we have a late night restaurant sooo close, let's try it" and we're so happy we did.

we brought a bottle of wine and they graciously opened it for us. we ordered the calamari, something we would never order at a typical diner but since it's our go to appetizer we thought we might as well give it a shot. it was soooooo tasty! not the ring calamari some diners and mid level restaurants often serve you, this was delicious, lightly breaded, lightly fried with a fair amount of tentacles, sooo yum! for our dinners we got a turkey blt wrap and a chicken gyro. the gyro was amazing, next time we'll definitely get two of those, the pitas were so soft and yummy and the chicken was very moist and flavorful!

then we had to get dessert since the dessert case is quite impressive and as i mentioned we live up the street. there are many nights when we get a sweet tooth in the middle of the night and since this is open late the desserts could really be useful to us. we settled on the two layer chocolate cake with oreo on top. the waitress asked if we wanted one or two, we said one because it was so big. we took it home and ate it wishing we had gotten two, it was that good. we can't wait to try their other desserts, which are all baked on the premises. 

the service may be kitschy but hey its a diner. give this place a (mug)shot!!
very disappointed in this place for being new and with so much else around, they will not make it very far. but as a new business i will give them a benefit of the doubt and go back,maybe they just have to work out the kinks of being new
I've been back 3 more times since I did my first review, it got worse Everytime, it's sad that I couldn't give zero stars
The food is high quality. The service is great. The prices are reasonable, and it's open for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and in the after hours. You can eat breakfast for dinner, or just hang out, drink coffee, and browse the internet. 

What more could you ask for?

It's only been open for a week, but Mugshot is now my "go to" spot.
Maybe this place is not what I am looking for in a diner. I will pay higher prices if the food warrants it, however if your prices are high, and the food is no better than a cheap diner (or worse, my Fiance's Greek Chicken Wrap was inedible, and was spit out by a three year old that eats crayons off the floor) then I will not be a regular.  The place seems to be patronized mostly by visitors from New Jersey, yet another reason this gentrifying local will avoid this place in the future. Considering how much they spent on getting the place put together, it would make good business sense to bring the quality of the food up to par with their prices.
Not bad! I'm happy they are in my neighborhood and they seem to have a steady flow of traffic. Saturday brunch brought me to Mugshots with my boyfriend. Decor is clean and eye catching and diner-y. The staff was attentive, refills were prompt and they were polite. I ordered the California Chicken wrap which grilled chicken, lettuce, tomato,guacamole and bacon.  Came with fries and it was good enough but the cook forgot the bacon. I should have said something but decided it was a sign from above to cut back on my artery-clogging indulgences.  My BF had an omelet with home fries and he liked it.  Coffee was fine, everything was generally fine.  I will go back and try some other items.
I don't really like it here but my grandma LOVES it, so I have been here a few tomes. I ordered breakfast here and reveived a huge egg white omelet stuffed with veggies and cheese, it was pretty good, home fries were awful and barely cooked-I personally do not want to bite itno raw potato. Coffee was weak and burnt tasting.

I would avoid the breakfast and stick with the lunch items, grilled chicken wrap with avocado was decent tasting and safe. I have had a turkey reuben here which was pretty tasty. Fries are under done here.

There are so many good places to eat in the city I wouldn't come back here unless my grandma drags me back.
I had that hard-as-hell to read sign staring at me for several months every time I passed by it. It's clean, new, and a nice alternative to the only other diner in the neighborhood. The first week it opened, of course I jumped at the chance to go like many others, but the mood quickly dropped from excitement to tallying how many things were going wrong. 

1. We sat for 20 minutes and had to flag down a waitress to get service. She was really sweet (I wish I remembered her name) and seemed just as frustrated at the diner's flow (or lack thereof) as we were. 

2. I ordered a chicken quesadilla, which ended up having no chicken. The waitress made the adjustment to the bill, but as you can see in my photo, it was only bare bone tortilla and cheese. For $8. Sour cream had to be requested, and I was told salsa and avocado/guac would be extra. Seriously??? I could get two or three of them at taco bell for that price, AND it would come with chicken. 

I understand that they just opened, but they REALLY need to get themselves together before we would ever consider coming back. Two saving graces - the manager did give us a pretty generous discount (~30%) on our bill because of the wait, which we added to the tip to the waitress. We really didn't wanna take it out on her, and she was really very sweet and tried to accommodate us as best as possible. 

I guess you could pass the time trying to guess all the celebrities' mugshots on the walls. Geez, Hollywood!
The food was subpar (and chicken undercooked), but it was the horrible service that stood out in my mind. "Sorry!," could be heard coming out of a waiter's mouth every five seconds.

I walked in and was greeted by three hostesses. One took me to a booth, sat me down, and them mumbled something that sounded like, "I'll be back with two waters." She came back a few minutes later with only silverware in hand, and I asked her if she could also bring a coffee with the waters. She laughed at me and said, "I'm not your waiter!," to which I replied with a scowl. She then seemed flustered and told me, "It is going to be a while, we are really busy." This is not how you treat a customer! I don't care if you are not my waiter, you can still get a drink order for me, especially when there are two other hostesses and "it is going to be a while." Rude!

Our waiter eventually came, saying, "You haven't been here long, have you?" He was nice but clearly new and very awkward. He eventually took our orders with a glazed-over look, and we got coffee and water about five minutes later (ten minutes after stepping in the door).

My party of two ordered chicken tenders and a chicken parmesan with pasta. The orders came...eventually. Everything appeared to be slowed down as I could see all of the waitstaff arguing with the line cooks. The tenders came first, and one had been cut in half so that the "chef" could see if it was finished cooking. How unsanitary! At least cook an extra piece of chicken to do this if you don't have the proper thermometers to see if you the oil and food is hot enough. I could tell the oil was not hot enough, as the chicken was greasy and undercooked. The chicken parmesan came out later, and we got it in a box after eating a few bites of this bland dish.

We went up to pay, and another customer had been complaining to the same hostesses that sat me. As I hand her my credit card to pay, she motions to draw me nearer. "I can't believe he would say that! 'This place was horrible,' he said. How can you say something like that?" I just looked at her dumfounded that she would be so unprofessional as to try to commiserate with another dissatisfied customer.

Overall, this place is worthless. I suggest going only if you are wasted after the Barbary, drunk enough to be as useless and rude as the waitstaff here.
Thank god this place finally opened. The place was packed all weekend for the grand opening but worth the wait. The sign says diner but the food is restaurant quality at a diner pace. Big ass servings...You gotta try their creme brulee french toast and fresh pastries (they apparently have their own baker in the back...score!)
Contrived attempt at a mom and pop diner. Extremely ugly contrived attempt. The food is subpar, at best. Though you'll get tons of it. At exorbitant rates. And some of the servers have nasty attitudes. 

Not a fun place to be.
I stopped in for lunch on a Saturday around 1.  When I arrived the hostess station was vacant.  A woman sitting eating a salad at the counter turned and looked at me oddly ..which I didn't understand until later when she finished eating and resumed her place at the hostess station.  Nobody welcomed me or offered to seat me.  I finally asked an employee what I was supposed to do and was told to sit at the bar if I wanted.  My waitress was fine and mostly attentive.  I placed my order and then went to the bathroom..which was very dirty.  I had to clean it first before using it.  I was in there so long cleaning, my waitress thought I had left.  My meal arrived.  My hamburger was hot and good, but not great.  It was called a Texas burger but I have no idea why.  No sauce, just some sauteed veggies on it.  It was not spicy or anything else I would associate with Texas.  My fries (which are not included in the price of the burger and were an upsale by the waitress) were barely warm (which they did replace with hot ones..but I was already done with my burger before anyone asked how everything was).  When you leave, you pay at the hostess station.  When I went and handed the woman my check, she did not say a thing to me, not "how was your meal"..nothing. Just told me what I owed.  I paid and she did say goodbye.  I was shocked they would hire someone like that to work the hostess station  She is cold and uninviting.  Doesn't seem to be happy with her job I guess.  If you are hungry and in the area, I suggest Applebees around the corner.  I work in that area and was hoping for another place to eat other than Applebees, Slacks, Wawa or Arby's..no luck here.
Weird vibes for sure. Going in I wasn't sure whether to expect a high-end diner like Darling's, or your run-of-the-mill trashy diner with decent food. Turns out it's a botched attempt at both. The place seems like it was quickly thrown together by a bunch of boneheads. The decor is dumb and cliche. The food is incredibly bland and overpriced. The menu is essentially your typical overlong diner menu, and that's OK, if the food satisfies that classic diner craving. But it doesn't really. My quesadilla was dry and on a crap tortilla. It was accompanied by two unappetizing plastic to-go cups of generic salsa and sour cream. Clearly no thought went into any of this. 

After having browsed the menu and then eaten, it feels a little bit like the owners are trying to pull the wool over your eyes. "This Fishtown crowd loves eating-out and paying top dollar!" was likely the consensus. Unfortunately, people aren't so stupid. It's a shame because a solid diner is actually something lacking in the neighborhood.

While I always see people in the restaurant, there is the unmistakeable sense of failing-restaurant-dread hanging over the place. An odd sense of desperation seems to be shared among the entire staff. Our waitress even wrote "Please come again!" on both sides of our check, which is very nice but a little sad given the context. The folks at the register asked us twice whether the service was good. And when I said "Yes" they seemed wary of believing me. It's true though - the service is decent. The food is not. Hopefully this place will have enough sense to recruit a decent chef and focus on the food.
This place opened yesterday and i live in the area so i thought i would give it a try.....first issue in an area where there are quite a few breakfast options i would have expected this establishment to be on its "A" game, however the food was dismal...

The Bad:
Food - F
i order eggs benedict and as i am a vegetarian asked for spinach, tomato and mushrooms in place of the bacon....they charged me extra for each item, even though i excluded the meat, and i didn't even get what i requested, missing the spinach.   The hollandaise sauce was disgusting, not even sure it was hollandaise sauce more like white cream poured over the eggs.  The eggs were the size of quarters, not kidding and didn't even think they could be that tiny....The english muffin was soggy and the potatoes were hard and bland..all in all a pretty poor experience. 

The Good:
Service - A
I spoke with the manager regarding the my situation and he was more than understanding and accommodating.  The waitstaff is very nice and out going.  

Future:
With at least 5 different spots in the area that have fantastic breakfast options, this restaurant will have to do much better to survive...As this is there 2nd day opening i am going to return in a few weeks to try the food again.....with that being said i am giving this diner a generous 2 out 5 until i try the food again.
Dear Mugshot Diner - 

I had high expectations and being from South Jersey I was ecstatic you were bringing a diner to my neighborhood. You have so much potential! I'm writing this review with a heavy heart.  

We went in and there was a wait -  booths were full, counter was full, things were moving. We were told that FA would be the counter and it would be 5 min. 15 min later we were given a booth.  Our server was great, friendly personable and was there for refills etc when neccesary. We ordered - nothing serious some breakfast food and a hot sandwich. After 20 min the server apologized for the wait. Ten minutes later we heard the head chef at the line start screaming at our server and the other employees. Let's be honest, when you have an open kitchen it doesn't look good when someone starts freaking out and everyone can hear it. That's why most kitchens have doors. There's a different ettiqutte to an open line, you know it and I know it.  After 30 minutes my  husband received his sandwich... I didn't get anything but an apology.  Another 10 minutes and I received the side order of pancakes. Have you ever waited 40 minutes for pancakes? Finally after another 10 minutes and it being sent back twice because it was missing the egg and then the hasbrowns I finally received my ... (drumroll) pork roll, egg and cheese. You read that correctly!  I waited just under an hour for a pork roll egg and cheese. My man at the cart makes it in 3 minutes and its half the price. Now the ever apologetic and wonderful server offered us dessert on the house and more apologies. I wasn't interested. In the end our server (without our asking) pushed to get my food removed which they did in a weird way by giving us 40% off our check It just about exactly covered the pancakes and sandwich.  I also have to mention that the table next to us of 5 was comped their entire meal and given dessert to take home for whatever mishap they encountered.  

The food that we had when we finally received it was very good for basic food. Coming from your other diners the whole experience was way below my expectation. It's a shame because you could be so great and a perfect place to grab a quick casual non gastro pub or pizza joint bite. Unfortunately you're overstaffed, being run poorly and giving away everything but the tables to quell customers dissatisfaction.  I wish you the best of luck and maybe I'll be back in a month or two once you've hopefully worked out the kinks. 

Sincerely 

Someone who wants to love you but can't
My experience was okay. But the food wasn't that good. I had a chicken Caesar wrap that was mildly over priced and the chicken was dry and it was missing the taste of Caesar dressing. It was bland and I was very disappointed. Doubt I'll ever eat here again.
Wish I could give no stars. The place is horrible. Went the 2nd week it was open. My daughter and I came in and decided to do a late brunch. Interior was nice enough. Asked the hostess if we need to wait to be seated at the bar and she said go ahead. Sat and waited for 15 mins. Waitresses and the manager were walking by us not even asking if we need water or offered us menus. One waitress asked us if we were eating, well ya, duh?!  So I went to the hostess and said we haven't been waited on yet and we have been sitting there for 15. She was like oh sorry. Really???  I haven't tried the food yet and I never will for the lack professionalism at this place. A soft opening says it all. Sadly this place isn't going to make it with the wonderful places like Memphis, Hinge, Kraftwork and Johnny Brenda's around.
I've been wanting to try Mugshot for sometime. Today we decided to stop before the shore and going to stocks bakery. It's Fishtown so parking can be an issue. Luckily we found a spot fairly easy. We arrived around 10 and it was pretty dead. 

We were sat in a booth close to the hostess. Our server was nice. She was patient with our daughter as well. I went with a porkroll and cheese on an English muffin with home fries. The wife went with an omelette with home fries and rye toast. My sandwich was good and pretty spot on. The home fries were saturated in grease. They were bad! My wife's eggs were beyond over cooked and had a gritty consistency. Worst eggs we've ever had by far. The rye toast was dry and burnt on one side, getting some butter was a task in itself. The hot tea was luke warm at best. The music in the background was just as bad as the food. Who plays gangster rap music at 10am while kids are in there. We will not be returning.
Just got home from a very boring, no taste breakfast. Vegetable omlett : tasted like the "defrosted" frozen veggies and canned mushrooms used. No fresh ingredients ! Home fries, well done with fried onions : home fries not well done and barely cooked onions put on top of potatoes. 
Besides the 20 minute wait in an uncrowded resteraunt ... I Guess It Could Have Been worse. The coffee was good. 
This place is a hit or miss ... I will not miss it .
My husband and I live within walking distance of this diner, but only got to try it for the first time today.

I was a little nervous because there are a lot of negative reviews, but I was definitely pleasantly surprised! I also didn't know what the concept was behind the name, but apparently it's a diner filled with a bunch of celebrity mugshots. It's a little weird because I don't necessarily want to be thinking about criminals while I'm eating, but whatever.

Anyway, the food was good. I got the creme brûlée French toast and was a little trepidatious since diners don't usually tend to make sweet breakfasts too well, but I really enjoyed what came out! The French toast was pretty light and not too egg-y. My husband got a basic breakfast platter. It came with two eggs, home fries, toast, and meat. 

Our server kept our water and coffee/tea mugs filled, so that's a plus.

The prices were reasonable but not like genuine diner prices. We have a friend that says you should be able to go into a diner and get eggs, meat, and toast for under $6.00. They failed that test, but for everything we ate it only cost $25.00.

I would surely return for breakfast. I'm not too sure how well they execute the rest of the things on their menu, but breakfast was a winner.
Went for basics today at 3:30 pm. Coffee, two eggs over easy, turkey sausage, and hash browns and water. My waitress was pleasant and accommodating. I sat at the counter. Great clean place! 
I did not like the the hostesses sitting at the counter and gabbing, but hey, face it,middle of the afternoon - they need a coffee break as well.
Food was good, as I said, basics, however my hash-browns were half burn and half raw. Obviously they combined  what was sitting on the grill with more new potatoes. Lazy.
Your a diner - make new hash browns per order!
The nice waitress made a new pot of coffee for me and brought me additional butter for my toast, milk for my coffee and checked on me regularly.
Great price for the food and service. I would recommend going here if in the neighborhood; however it is not a destination restaurant.
I enjoyed my meal here, and I have to say that it's nice to have the option of a 24 hour diner-style restaurant in this area. It's on the edge of a town of foodie snobs and pretentious kids, so it doesn't surprise me that it's already getting 1-star reviews, but I got a simple patty melt and fries, and I couldn't have asked much more.
I went opening night. They have a few kinks to work out with the food, but they seem to be doing everything from scratch and I am confident they will get it together soon. It was still several steps above average diner food and the prices are reasonable. 

They seem to have hired a great staff - the place was slammed and everybody was a little awkward, but still fast and friendly. 

It's a couple blocks from my house so I expect to have more to report soon. I think in a short time this place will go from good to great. My only major complaint is that they don't have chicken croquettes. This is Philadelphia! Even the Michael's octopus of mediocre diners has decent croquettes.
Sat for 15 minutes without any service.  There were 12 people in the whole place. Two waitresses watched me get up and walk out without saying a word. WTF?
Not sure how this place stays in business. The place grew progressively worse each time I ate there. It is obvious that none of the ingredients they use are fresh. All are from a can or package and have NO flavor. There are so many other places to eat in the area that unless one is a masochist, there is no need to go back.

I also found out that they have not paid their staff in months, have hired a lawyer and are doing 50K worth in cosmetic renovations. This place is joke. If I could give it zero stars, I would. Moreover, there are several liens against Mugshots according to the Philly Court dockets - Dept of Labor and Dept of Revenue.
I decided to stop by and grab a bite tonight for dinner. Ive watched this place being built for the past year. I'm not a huge diner fan but the food was way better than I expected. I ordered the chicken marsala. it came with two vegetable sides and soup or salad....all for $15!! The service was top-notch, too. My waitress was super nice and helpful. I will definitely be returning. Fishtown has another winner!
*NAME AND MANAGEMENT HAS CHANGED. NOW CALLED THE FISHTOWN DINER*

I had been there one time as the mugshot diner and had a pretty good experience. Place was packed and there was a line- clearly due to the quality and price of the food. I decided to give it another go as I heard good things about the new management and changes. 

Came on a Monday night and it was EMPTY. There was one other booth of two people. A few more people trickled in as we were dining but not at all busy. Could have been because of it being a day of the week but I'm not sure. 

They had a large section of the back of the diner blocked off because they are in the process of repainting a wall to include a mural that is dedicated to all things philly sports which you can tell will be awesome but the paint is just out in the open and there should be a rope or blockade or something because a little kid could easily run around the restaurant and get into all the paint, supplies and tarps laid out.  

I got a chicken parm sandwich with sweet potato fries. The sweet potato fries were done to perfection. HOWEVER the chicken parm was completely inedible. It tasted like I was biting into a rubber chicken - I sent it back. Waitress was EXTREMELY nice and got the menu for me to order something else. She took my plate away and unfortunately the sweet potato fries :( 

I ordered a burger and SP fries again. The fries were super undercooked and I was really sad my other ones were gone. The burger was basic and fine. Did the job. But I was still skeeved out by my chicken experience. 

After dinner when we asked for the check the waitress said she could offer my a piece of cake for my troubles but I don't really eat cake so I didn't want any. She handed us the bill and we had to pay for the chicken parm - although not eaten and more expensive than the burger.
For a super late night meal, I can imagine that this place may hit the spot; however, for a sober, late night snack, we were quite disappointed. The food itself was not anything to be excited about-- the wings were ok and so were the fries, but the rest was not very good at all. They have a HUGE menu, but the quality was perhaps jeopardized by having so many options. The people working seemed like they really didn't want to be there and I question the overall cleanliness of the joint.
For months and months I would drive by this place and wonder why they were not open yet.  Finally I noticed that they were and made plans to pay them a visit the next time I was in the neighborhood.  I work in Northern Liberties, right up the street from Darlings and as far as I am concerned the bar is set pretty low for a good diner in this part of town.

I walked in and was promptly greeted and seated.  This is an improvement already.  My server was equally quick to check in with me and take my order.  

I asked for an omelet that was not specifically listed on the menu and they happily accommodated me.  I am accustomed to the Darlings egg cake folded over the contents with absolutely no cohesion except for the half melted cheese.  I was so pleased that what I got from Mugshot was exactly what I believe a Diner omelet should be; eggs with the ingredients mixed in and then the cheese added and melted in the cooking process.  I was also pleased that my toast was served dry with real butter on the side, which is the way I like it since I can't stand the butter blend that so many places use and then call butter.

One more thing to mention in the contrast between these two places but I noticed that across the board  Mugshot was at least $1 less on each thing that I compared.

Bottom line, Mugshot is what I wish Darlings was and I would totally go there often if they were a tad more conveniently located.  Oh well.  I can still say good things about them.
I have always had breakfast(chocolate chip pancakes and waffles with scrapple) at Mugshot and when it first opened I dabbled with chicken cacciatore and picante, chili and chicken parm.  Last night was the first time I had a dinner since it opened and it was very horrible.  The chicken and pasta soup was good, nothing fancy, but the chicken croquettes-vomit!  They need to revise their ingredients if they are homemade or if they aren't they need a new brand.  One bite and my stomach turned instantly.  I am a big girl and I love food, but this I could not fathom.  They were nice to let me get a different meal and I stayed with what I knew and got the chicken parm.  The wait time was so long that I just asked for a box since my family was done eating and I didn't have a meal. The meat had lots of hard pieces in it like bone.  Not very appetizing.  
Long wait times for refills or any service and it was very empty.
I may come back for pancakes and scrapple in the future, but not any time soon.
With all of the great restaurants around the area, I can't really think of a reason to go to this diner unless you're drunk at 3 am. Otherwise, it's a really bad choice. Don't be silly you guys! Go to Memphis Taproom, Cedar Point, Interstate, Kraftwork, Johnny Brenda's, or Loco Pez! They have similar pricing, but WAY better food! Crafted by actual chefs! Also, BEER! 

I wish I didn't go in. I always was worried about their decor choices. Big red flag!

Hi mom!
I love diners, but most of them are the same old, same old. Some friends and I walked into Mugshots Diner at 4:30 am, and I was very pleasantly surprised by the menu and the food. I got a grilled chicken gyro, which was delicious. Even the fries were crispy and well cooked (usually not a diner standard). The decor was a little weird, though. I looked retro... but then it also looked contemporary.
The food here was so-so.  My reuben sandwich was okay; the pastrami was of medium quality and the breads was soggy.  My kid's burger, ordered rare, came medium-well.  My other kid gave the chicken strips a good report, but the mozzarella sticks we ordered were not cooked all the way through.  

The restaurant was well-lit and pleasant to be in.  The total bill was around $45.
Went to Mugshots tonight after many times there. Midway through our meal a cockroach walked across our table to my friends plate so I had to kill it. Once I showed the manager, he was quiet, I think surprised I was not screaming about it but there wasn't much of an apology. I won't be advising anyone or myself to go back. I think this speaks about how cleanly this place is. For being in Fishtown on a Main Street I don't mind paying more for good quality and hygienic food. Unfortunately this is not.
I have been here twice and both times were more than sub par.  I almost didn't post such a bad review as I want the neighborhood to have great restaurants to attract more people from Center City.  Unfortunately Mugshot Diner is a let down in my opinion.
Thought we give mugshot diner a shot and holy shit, the owner should have his picture up there on the wall, i cant believe how bad the food was, if your going to open a new food place,at least have good food, first i ordered a bacon cheeseburger, i thought it be pretty hard to mess up, the roll was stale,burger was burnt to a crisp and the bacon was barely cooked and on the menu it says crispy bacon, crispy bacon my ass,the only thing good was the pickle on the side, fries were soggy as hell.wife ordered a tuna melt, another easily made sandwich, bread was soggy beyond belief, its supposed to be crispy toasted rye bread, kids had mac&cheese, it was penne with some kind of watery cheese sauce on it, horrible, it amazes me.
Diners exist because they serve breakfast all day, and breakfast food is pretty difficult to screw up.  According to my diner standards, Mugshot works!
On January 2nd I woke up around 4pm after a crazy night of partying with mummers, and of course I wanted breakfast.  Mugshot was close, and I didn't have to fear for my life like I do when I go to Aramingo Diner.  
The coffee was hot and fresh, and the breakfast was delicious.  That's all I cared about in my post-inebriated state. That, and the fact that no one would judge me with yesterday's makeup smeared all over my face!
I ordered the creme brûlée French toast and it hit the spot.  The scrapple was done in perfect diner fashion.  All in all it was a reasonably priced, delicious 4pm breakfast. I will certainly return the next time I'm hung over!
This is the fourth time we've been in since they opened a week ago and I have to say that services is always up to par!  The food is great, quantity and quality of the food is above diner standards.  The staff at the diner are all very friendly and professional.  Matt is one of our favorite waiters who keeps the glass filled and makes sure you have exactly what you need to make your dining experience A+.  Definitely our favorite fishtown spot.
The service was good, but the food was not had stuffed tilapia with crabmeat and crabmeat wasn't good. The wife had turkey dinner and she didn't like it..
My experience was ehhh... The food was bland. My milkshake was watery. Menu was over priced... Service was just ok. Would prolly not go again
I'm really happy to update this review with details of a positive experience! It was late late Saturday night, 3AM late. This place was open and close to home. I knew I'd end up back here, I just didn't know when. We chose to sit at the bar because we didn't wanna wait, but then our waitress Elaina (I hope I'm getting your name right) asked if we wanted a booth and sat us at one. Already a sign that this time was gonna be better. Yeaaaaahh boiiiee!

Our orders were taken promptly and so was the food. The food was pretty good, nothing stellar, but delicious. We had mozzarella sticks, I had a burger, and the rest had waffles and sandwiches. The generous portions was a far cry from the skimpy quesadilla I had last time (I'm still a little shaken by that haha). 

Glad to say that I will be returning the next time I get that craving for diner food. Extra points for Elaina, who when I told her that she made our experience great, said that she just wants to offer customers with the same treatment that she would want for herself. I'm sold!!
Living just around the corner, I watched this diner daily during it's renovations and was eager for it's opening. Was very glad to see when it finally did open and went in for an early dinner on Friday, day 2 of it's being open. I (bravely) ordered the broiled seafood platter, mashed potatoes, broccoli, salad and lemonade, husband ordered an open face turkey sandwich.

PROS:
1) Very nice, helper, attentive, conscientious waiter whom I recognized as a server from another NE diner
2) Very extensive interesting menu, I had a hard time deciding what to get
3) Famous mugshots on the wall were entertaining
4) Service and food were presented in a timely manner
5) Broiled seafood was good, although not excellent, but I had no complaints about it
6) Salad was very good, with fresh mixed greens, not typical diner iceberg lettuce
7) Broccoli was cooked just right, it tasted fresh, not frozen, but I don't know for sure if that was the case

CONS:
1) Mashed potatoes were SO intensely instant tasting I could only stomach one bite
2) Rolls were definitely stale and of very poor quality...ever heard of Metropolitan Bakery or Le Bus?
3) Lemonade was TOO sweet
4) Hubby said open face turkey sandwich was too salty and the turkey, while not actually turkey luncheon meat, was some sort of turkey "product". He remarked that he ordered the wrong dish, that he would try something else instead the next time.
5) The graphics on the angled awning is very hard to read, a better font could have been used, the only thing I could make out was that it was indeed a diner.

So my overall experience there was good aside from the mashed potatoes and rolls. Hubby said he was willing to go again and we intend on doing so but sincerely hope we don't encounter any of the numerous problems other patrons have posted here.
This place gives me weird vibes. The staff kept coming over to our table to make sure everything was okay, which is cool I guess, but it just raised so many red flags. I ordered a breakfast but it was way overpriced and I paid 3 dollars extra for some sausage that were frozen links. I waved them around in the air jokingly to my friend who I was eating with just to show her how floppy and gross they were. I guess someone that worked there saw me because they took them off the bill. 

I don't know what's going on there really, the decor is weird and over the top. I feel like it's always empty when I walk by the place now. They need to get an actual chef to prepare a menu and hire actual experienced cooks to make the food if they're going to charge as much as they do. Also, please hire experienced servers or at least train them. 

The last thing that bothered me to no end was that I ordered a short stack of pancakes and received the syrup in packets on the side. Why would a diner that specializes in breakfast all day have syrup in packets. I had to open like 10 packets including butter before I was ready to eat my pancakes which were pretty much cold by then.
Worst chicken parm I ever had. WAY over cooked. Sauce tasted awful, pasta was mush. Despite my asking, driver didn't call on delivery. ..no doorbell and I'm half deaf. What a waste.
Making your place look like a diner, but without the charm, food, or pricing of an actual diner doesn't make you a diner any more than my husband putting on heels would make him prom queen.  Just like Darling's, it is more style than substance, but since there isn't an actual good diner option around, people go there... they would be out of business in a month if an actual working diner came around.
Go for the breakfast, avoid anything else that requires actual cooking.

Been here several times and when I go for the standard breakfast foods I'm always happy - great prices, good sized portions, friendly service. Mugshot is one of the few places to get a good waffle in the area. It's when they have to cook real meals that Mugshot fails.

Basically, avoid anything that requires cooking in an oven or broiler - lasagna, meatloaf, crab cakes, steaks, certain sides, etc. They just "toast" these items in the broiler and you'll end up with a cold, uncooked surprise at the center. This happened multiple times on several visits, and sending it back doesn't help as it shows up 30 seconds later only freshly toasted. 

They can do short order stuff fine; it's a serviceable diner. Fried foods, grilled foods, anything boiled like pasta they can do and you'll get a decent sized portion, too. Just avoid any food that requires a chef.
Not sure why people gave mugshots a bad review. I went there with my family for breakfast this morning. We had a veggie omelette, western omelette, and the creme brûlée French toast. Everything was very good including the food and service. And there was no left over food when we were done! Prices are reasonable as well. I will definitely be frequenting this place.
This was a good experience for breakfast. My omelet was cooked fine, although I didn't care for it. That wasn't their fault, I ordered one that I don't usually order (with lox), and it wasn't good to me. Someone else might love that omelet.  The home fries were great! Surprisingly it's hard to get good home fries at places! My wheat toast was good, not burned which is something I don't take for granted anymore either. My husband liked his breakfast too. We would definitely stop back here when we're in the area.
Came in on Christmas and our waitress was the equivalent of Cathy Bates in the movie Misery. We were actually afraid to ask for anything. I am in the food business and understand people aren't thrilled with working on Christmas however it's your job and one would think a little nice service would equal generous Christmas tip. Crazy.
Let me tell you about my perfect morning. Say I have a doctors appointment or something that requires me to go into work later than usual. Well I do whatever that is and then go to Mugshot for the two eggs breakfast. It's the most basic of breakfast meals but I love it here. I dream about it. If I still live here when I retire I'll most likely make it habit. Wasting my entire 401K. So i sit and enjoy my coffee and eggs. Being a suburb kid by birth I have a natural affinity toward diners. 
If you're more interested in dinner at the diner the salads are super filling. These aren't dinky salads like the local bars are serving. These are hearty monsters that come with pitas. That's mostly what I get here. However I've had a few other dishes and all have been excellent. 
Also, back to breakfast, you gotta try the fruit parfait. It is awesome and once again it's not your average Starbucks, 6oz, non fat horse malarkey. It has texture and girth. There are meat on them bones. Better coffee than most diners. 
Anyway it upsets me to see that they only have 3 stars on here. I don't think they are being rated accurately. The wait staff is always super nice and helpful. It's decently priced. It's not too loud. It does have duct tape over some of the holes in the seats but I like that.
I LOVE this place! The food is absolutely delicious and service is perfect! I've been to diners all over the US and this is by far the best food that I've ever had. If you're in Philly this place is a MUST! 

Plus: I ordered an egg white omelet with fruit and toast. My fruit was FRESH and my toast with in the shape of a HEART! LOVE!
The food is good but the service was terrible.  I was done my coffee a little after my food came and was not offered another beverage. She walked by a few times without offering anything. She brought the reciept to the table saw the empty cups and still was offered no beverage. Needless to say she did not get a tip from me. She was more concerned getting us out to sit someone else than serving us. I will order to go next time.
Usually have no problems here however, my fiancé and I came here for lunch and not a single person came to greet us once we were seated. We sat for 15 minutes before asking the hostess if we could get a server. Hostess said someone would be with us shortly...10 minutes later and we still had not even received a simple "hello, I'll be right with you". Needless to say, we left
I was excited to see a diner opening up in the neighborhood and couldn't wait to try it out. Last night, I finally got around to it and was a bit underwhelmed to say the least.

the decor: It's super cute in there. Very clean, has the whole diner vibe going, and it looks like they spent a pretty penny on the construction. The music sucked though... like weird, teeny bopper pop music was playing. I assume it was just a Pandora station or something, but my boyfriend and I kept laughing about how awful the music was. The place was full of adults; I don't know who thought it'd be a good idea to play Justin Beiber or whatever the hell it was.

the prices: I found the prices a bit expensive for a diner. For example, I don't normally drink soda, but a soda was $2.50 and you only got one refill with that. Sandwiches, including burgers, don't automatically come with fries- you need to add them on for a dollar extra. Breakfast sides- anywhere from bacon to homefries- each cost $3...

the grub: My boyfriend had a gyro and I had a cheese burger. They were both very dry and you could tell my burger was just a frozen patty that was thrown on the grill, no spices or anything. It was quite bland, even after adding ketchup. Fries were OK. My boyfriend said he liked his cole slaw, but that's coming from someone whose favorite cole slaw is from KFC, so who knows.

the service: it was fine. Waitress was attentive. Food came out quickly. A woman who I guess was the manager or owner came over to make sure our meal was OK. You pay at the register at the front, but they don't actually tell you that when they give you your check. We kind of sat there longer than necessary before we realized we are idiots and that's pretty much typical diner protocol.

minor gripe: need more napkins! This is just a pet peeve of mine. You are supplied with only the napkin around your silverware. There were no dispensers or anything on the tables. When I was eating fries and a burger with ketchup coming out from all sides, I need more than one napkin. I had to ask for a few, but they brought them right over.

I do intend on going back one more time to see if their breakfast is any better, but I won't get my hopes up.
1st time here. Pretty good. Big portions. Nice clean place. I'd say home fries need alittle more flavor and cooking. Pancakes are delicious. I would recommend coming here vs. a lot if other diners in Philly . Location is also great. After your done eating you can take a walk around fish town, take advantage of a few places they have around here.
Server was great (4 stars) my western omelette was okay (3 stars) and my girlfriends lox bagel was awful. (0 stars) the lox was grey and the bagel was not very good. Lastly, the coffee was burnt. (1 star)
Redeemed a Living Social Voucher, hence my trek to the Fishtown section of Philadelphia. Parking was difficult to find on a Saturday morning. This establishment is hip and modern. The bench seats reminds me of the back seat of a Cadillac. It is bright, clean and the noise level is kept at a minimum. It is handicap/wheelchair accessible. We only had to wait for about 5 minutes for a table at 11:00 am. Our server  came in a timely fashion to take our orders and our food arrived in modern chinaware. I love, love, LOVE the spinach side. I want to know the recipe for this. Because whatever they cooked the spinach in was full of ultra flavor. I could eat a few more helpings of this. Unfortunately, I can't say the same for the Pork Chops. It was dry and overcooked. I have a feeling that they may have pre-cook several others and when an order comes in, they just slightly cook it again which eventually overcooked the Pork Chops. I like the ambiance as a whole, and can't help but stare at several celebrity mugshots, of which Justin Bieber's was the latest to adorn their wall. Prices are reasonable, the two single bathrooms for male/female was roomy and wheelchair accessible. I will return back in the future, during non busy times so I will not have difficulty in finding a parking spot.
You can never go wrong with a diner! I have not tried their entrees, usually stick to my favorite diner stables - breakfast food and sandwiches. The staff have been very friendly and accommodating. My favorites have been the Creme Brulee french toast and a variety of sandwiches. Sometimes diner food is just what you need.
I went to mugshot a lot because I live right around the corner actually Was surprised about there food. I had the macaroni and Cheese and the macaroni was warm and the cheese was just globbed on top and I didn't finish it because it was horrible! I do not recommend this restaurant! Unless you like having cold food and poor service.
I've gone here a few times and the food was ok, nothing to write home about but not bad.  My experience today leaves me not wanting to go back ever again.

First there were kids screeching the entire time and running around un-supervised.  None of the waiters/managers seemed to care.  What was worse was that we had to wait over 30 minutes for 2 egg breakfasts and a cheesesteak, after seen numerous parties who were seated 10-15 minutes after us get served at least 5 minutes before us.  I don't know if our order got lost, the waiter lost track, or what, but for a diner it's unacceptable to wait that long for something that should take no more than 5-10 minutes to make.
I can't say I'm terribly impressed by this place.  The food is average, the prices are high.  Also, they are not very vegan friendly.
At first glance this place looks like a  standard American diner...until you get your food. I've had a number of the dishes and I've yet to not be impressed with how good it is and the amount of food per person is pretty much 2 meals. I always have leftovers to take home and I can eat a lot. 
I've found myself here a lot after first trying it out. I tend to get the chicken and shrimp scampi.  It's pretty amazing. The mussels in red is really good too. Always fresh. 
I feel the appearance of a standard diner is very misleading as the food is so much more at a fair price...though you can't go wrong with the classic Americana decor. 
Also the staff has always been nothing but extremely friendly. Michelle our usual waitress is always so sweet.
Mugshot ! Where do I start. I have been coming here for a few years now since 2013. This place never fails me and the consistency is often what separates it from other diners. I have tried quite a few things from this menu , my favorite being the chicken parm and chicken noodle soup. 

The yellow and blue booths are very comfortable and spacious. Often being the place to go to after a night out with the boys. 

Went yesterday for breakfast and had the French toast with strawberry and blueberries , side of Turkey bacon and scrambled eggs with cheese. I was completely satisfied and our server was amazing. Will always come back for more
I am usually a happy regular but I came in today and was disappointed. There was a huge line which happens but the waiting list system was ridiculous and archaic, literally saw the waitress seat tables that came in after us. I let the hostess know and she did nothing to relieve the situation or make it better. We waited forever for a table because at this point who wants to leave after waiting so long. When we're finally seated had to wait at least ten minutes for our server. And we've been waiting at least 15-20 for our food. Mind you I'm writing this as I'm waiting for our food I have nothing better to do. Just 100% disappointed. This was our neighborhood spot that we would recommend to family and friends visiting and now it looks like we have to find a new place.
I feel like Yelp shouldn't allow reviews to be posted in the first week or so after a place opens. I purposely waited to go here because any place needs some time to work out the kinks. So while I sympathize with patrons who have long waits for service or orders that were messed up in long established places, I feel like you need to chalk some of this stuff up to growing pains in a new place. And it sounds as though the management was more than willing to comp stuff when things took a turn for the worse. 

After reading soooo many negative reviews on here, I was pleasantly surprised. Were there a couple of things I didn't love? Sure. Like the surly hostess with a face like she just drank a huge gulp of vinegar. And the fact that our waitress brought the check too soon and we had to flag her down to add stuff. Prices were on the high side for diner fare - there are up charges for almost everything. That said, we didn't wait long for a table and once seated we were waited on almost immediately. Waitress was friendly and food came out quickly. My gyro was  tasty and my husband said his Cali club was really good. We got dessert to go. My husband (who is from Italy), said he really enjoyed his cannoli. The girl who packaged the desserts was really sweet and she explained what everything in the dessert case was. The menu is huge, so we'll definitely be going back to try more stuff. This is a great addition to the neighborhood. Don't be scared off by all the naysayers.
"We can split orders on more than one credit card, but not right now because it's too confusing. You can go get cash and give that to me." 

Real statement given to me. Fuck this place.
It's so sad that this place falls short of service and flavor. Great location but, for the price, not worth it. Save your money and go to McDonalds.
We love this place!  My better half and I eat here at least once a week, if not more frequently. We bring friends here from out of town and like that it's not packed at night. The entire staff is fabulous, courteous and professional. The food is basic to above-average diner food and the portions are enormous. Try  the dinner specials (I'm in love with their humongous chicken croquettes) and you'll get soup, salad, entrée and two sides!  It's insane!  Their cheese fries with wiz are always a solid choice as a starter, but save room for dessert, or get it to go. I'm working my way through their entire menu of house made dessert offerings and every single one has been a charm, so far!  Solid choice. Reasonable prices. Parking can be slightly dicey, depending on the time of day, but there's almost always on street available and the neighborhood is safe and very walkable.
Above average diner. Really great prices and food comes fast and I've never had a complaint. I usually stick to breakfast here, but don't sleep on their cheesesteak. Milkshakes are very good too!
If I were to only ate the service here i'd give 5 stars - we had really friendly, pleasant service and that is something I can appreciate. HOWEVER......

the food is another story. Last night (my first time at mugshot), I ordered the calamari salad. The portion size was very generous, but the calamari tasted like it was fried in oil that should have been changed a week ago. Like, I could tangibly taste that the oil it was fried in wasn't fresh at all, as if they didn't filter it properly or were just cutting corners and not replacing it as often as they should. I only ate a small portion of my meal yet I went to bed last night with weird stomach cramps, and woke up with significant GI discomfort .... if you get my drift.

Questioning the safe food handling / preparation practices here and won't be returning. :(
Crappy diner food with prices too high for what it is. 

Service was rude and when we tried to pay and split the bill, we were told they can physically accept multiple cards but would not split the bill after a certain time...they could but refused to do so for us. Stop at wawa and save your time, money , and hassle.
Dropped by late on the weekend with friends because we all missed dinner and came across Mugshot. The place was pretty empty except for a few patrons, which surprised me due to the location and time of week. 

The restaurant is very loudly decorated and true to its namesake featuring celebrity mugshots throughout the walls. It's quite the optical explosion, but fun overall. 

We were waited on kindly by a waitress who was very helpful and even went so far as introducing us to ways we could received rewards and discounts which we were able to use that very night. 

Their menu is extensive and literally has something for everyone, I was impressed. We definitely made the most of the variety of options. Since their breakfast is available round the clock, one of us were able to enjoy a typical diner style breakfast, while another had a salmon entree, and another enjoy a burger and fries. I ordered a chicken wrap which was ok, but the real winner were the sweet potato fries. 

Everyone was generally pleased with their meal and the food definitely hit the spot. The three star rating has more to do with the interest of returning and sampling more of the food.
This is the WORST place to eat!!! CARDBOARD FOOD. TOO EXPENSIVE for what you get. and NEVER EVER try to order delivery!!!! You're going to wait an hour, get your food COLD, and they're always forgetting one or two things of what you ordered. I mean ALWAYS!!!!!! and ALWAYS check your takeout before you leave this place - the same reasons.. cold, and missing food, or cooked just not right! if you're hungry you better of getting MacDonald.
I'm not going to give a long review because there is nothing exceptionally great about Mugshot. But there isn't anything wrong with it either. The food is adequate with large portions. You will leave busting at the seems. The diner itself is kitschy with all the mugshots of the stars As the name of the diner suggests. The staff is friendly and you don't have to wait long for service. But this is about all I can say. There isn't much that stands out about Mugshot. It's just a neighborhood diner that serves good food.
Don't waste your time or money. Nice looking place, but service was bad from the moment we walked in. So, ok let's try the food, nothing special. Sometimes the food will make you overlook the crappy service, not this food. Like I said, don't waste your time here, there's to many good breakfast spots in the city. That's what I get for trying something new. The one star because I had to.
We had ordered breakfast online and went to pick up our order and what we experienced was terrible. First, we stood at the front counter for 20 minutes just waiting to be acknowledged. The lady at the counter was just sitting there talking to a man about college classes he was taking while ignoring us the whole time! Then a waitress finally came over and asked if we'd been waited on an we said no. She then kept trying to give us menus while trying to force us to sit down and order. She seemed to be deaf to my husband repeatedly telling her we were there to pick up an order. When she finally listened she kept asking if we'd called in the order and we kept repeating that it was an online order. After, seemingly endless back and forth she decided to check and see if there was an order ready. There were several orders ready for pickup but not ours. And, after almost an hour of irritating and horribly rude service the waitress told us they had no online orders and had the nerve to call my husband a liar!! I was in shock at her behavior and my husband just lost it and stormed out!! It was just unbelievable how we were treated. What a terrible place! We'll never be going there again and will make sure none of our friends ever go there either.
Also stay away from fresh vegetables or anything cold like sandwiches and salads. Produce will be old and wilted. Good spot for breakfast, still, but that's it.
the food here is average at best but the service was very good. I wanted to hold off on a review until I've visited this place again at a time when they are less busy but my original opinion still stands. I would go here again because the service was very good but the food isn't standout.
Awful, overpriced, bland food. 

The whole place has a weird vibe, as others have mentioned in the reviews. It is almost as if they are trying to fool their customers into thinking they are eating at a higher-end diner. They charge downtown prices in the Fishtown area, and they dress up their menu and plates so that you feel like you are getting something special. The food does not even come close to stacking up, however. People aren't so easily fooled. If you serve someone mediocre food and they feel like they are getting ripped off, they won't be back. 

I think they should either lower their prices or increase the quality of the food. If neither is done I will not be returning.
The food is okay.  I was raving about their cheesesteaks, and craving one....so I strolled over.  Totally disappointed with this one, though, I've had 3 or 4 really good ones in the past.  I guess every place is entitled to an off day.
What drives me crazy is that I was sitting at the counter and I had to basically flag down and yell to get a coffee refill.  No one would make eye contact with me.  I can't tell you how irate this makes me.  It drives me insane.   When the bus boy finally gave me a refill, it took me another 5 minutes to get some of those stupid individual creamer things.  My blood is boiling just thinking about this.
I'm hoping can raise my rating in thr future but not sure will return:-(  Three tries may be enough. The space is beautiful and staff seems very friendly. Food is average at best. 1st try was meatloaf: bland but homestyle and hearty. 2nd try was burger: again bland with a dry chibatta roll, overcooked fries. 3rd try was eggs with hash: fine but homefries were more like burnt potatao chips. The food hasnt been horrible so hoping will work out kinks. Incident tonite was what may be the end for me. A group of hipsters came in Their look definitely turned some heads. Drawing one druken bafoons attention who marched back to their table and photographed them. Definitely had a hostile "look at the freaks" vibe their sexual orientation may have also been a factor which charged the hostility factor. The manager was called in and although he may have been well intended was inept. he went to the druken bafoon and pretty much said you can't be taking pictures of people sort of thing and concluded with a fist bump. Went back.to the hipsters and apologized but not feeling much had been done they decided to leave. Although one in particular seemed agitated was civil to the manager but cursed at the bafoon as he left. Was contemplating leaving myself before my order had arrived but wasn't sure of the whole story. Manager sees me watching and we casually chat and he fills me in. don't say anything again because he seemed well intentioned but as a business owner I would have at least done one of the following if not all. Have the bafoon delete.the photo, box their order to go as the four of them were clearly intoxicated, certainly not finish with a fist bump as it trivializes the situation/authority. now you may think asking them to leave to be extreme but after the incident they got rowdier singing at the top of their lungs, dancing/staggering, banging on lights and insightin other drunks.to chime in. now this wasn't a fun sing along but more a simmering mob. People started to video the ruckus, including staff and manager was no where to be seen. When he finally returned did nothing to settle.situation down, not surprising as his attitude in our chat was "what can you do" . I understand 2am is going to bring out the drunks and you don't want to be the fun police but when someone extremely intoxicated disturbs your patrons with pointed hostility root it out before it it erupts disturbing all of your patrons.
I've been to Mugshot Diner a few times and the food is good, if you ever actually get any. The staff is horrible! The worst service I've ever experienced. The other night I had to walk out. My son and I were seated about 8pm on Sunday, the place was empty. All of the wait staff was crowded around behind the counter chatting. After waiting for 17 minutes with no one even offering us a beverage I couldn't take it any more. We just left and went some where else. Apparently the owner also runs the Skybox entertainment space in the same building. About a year ago I was trying to rent that space for a wedding. I had called about 12 times and never received a call back. The owner clearly does not care at all about customer service. I hope he learns his lesson soon.
This place took like 27 years to open, and every brick and detail they added to it leading to its opening I grew more and more excited. "What will it be?" I thought to myself.

Well it was Mugshot diner, and it was just sorta ok, and it was sort of expensive compared to stuff like it.

If you want a late night waffle, do it up... but the place won't blow your mind.
So this would probably get a solid three stars from me because this is a very run of the mill joint with very mediocre food and it's basically exactly what you'd expect. I don't come here because I want to. More so out of convenience because it's in my neighborhood and if I just need to eat something quick and don't feel like venturing far from home it does in a pinch.

But I'm never coming here again based on some real shady stuff that went down tonight. 

So apparently the new policy is that they auto add gratuity to your check on the weekends but there is no signage or anything on the menu to inform the patrons of this policy. I ordered something I usually get and know what my bill comes out to when I ordered it and noticed the price was unusually high so I wouldn't have even noticed this had I not really really looked at my check. 

I overheard a few servers even mentioning amongst themselves that they got double tipped from a few tables because people didn't noticed gratuity was automatically added to their bills. 

There's nothing wrong with auto adding gratuity to your checks to make sure your servers aren't getting stiffed. However it's deceptive to not inform your patrons of that policy flat out. 

To make matters worse, the gratuity added onto my bill was 40%! My $8.50 meal had a $3.50 gratuity added on. I'm someone that always tips 20% and have made a living being a server so I always tip at least 20% and extra if I think service was great (it uh...wasn't). I felt bad complaining over that but it's kind of the principal of the thing? They told me the miscalculation was because "their computer system is old" but uh I have used calculators older than me to accurately calculate what 20% of a total is. After it was all said and done the automatic 20% gratuity was even less than what I would have actually tipped the server tonight had I been given the option to just pay and tip how I usually do. 

So yeah like...if you need to come here in a pinch, or still choose to do so, just be warned. Really look at your check to verify if gratuity was added or not and that it is actually a correct and fair number.
I wish I'd known about this place when I still lived in Fishtown. Open early, late night hours, varied menu with big portions and little prices...p much everything you need in a diner. Look for Justin Bieber's mugshot.
I have tried this diner on multiple occasions for breakfast. Unsure why I continuously give it a chance. Out of my 4 visits my waitress was only friendly once. One time I ordered take out and the woman at the register literally rolled her eyes at me. Extremely distasteful. 

Tried the eggs and asked for medium and they were slimy. Tried a vegetable omelette and the veggies did not taste fresh. Tried a muffin and it was dry. Tried an egg sandwich with cheddar and it was sloppy and greasy. 

Needless to say after all of my previous experiences I will not be back. It was a convenient  location and very close to my boyfriends house, however, I think we will travel a little further to enjoy quality food in the future.
As soon as I walked in I saw three waiters setting around looking extremely bored - they all made eye contact with me and saw me looking around but didn't even unkowledge that they saw me. When I asked about the prices for the bakery items- they couldn't answer me . They said they only know the prices for the cheesecake and since they don't know the prices for the other cakes they will charge me the same price for any other cake as they would for  cheese cake . It's a shame that they made a really nice old school dinner set up to go to waste with such horrible customer service . I ordered a cappuccino and I could swear I saw fear in the waitresses eyes lol 
She asked me 3 times if I'm sure I don't want just coffee ... needless to say I didn't stay for dinner
This is a place that has good diner food at actual diner places in a location where food and drink have become quite overpriced. The service is friendly and fast.
Eh. This place is close by my apartment and my bf and I go here occasionally when we are too lazy to drive to Darling's. First of all, every time I walk in there they look at me like I have 10 eyeballs and 15 heads. I have a huge issue with their service. One time we were seated in the back of the diner and forgot about! There was a booth towards the front that was empty yet we were seated against the back wall and it took us multiple tries to flag our waitress down. Not only is their service iffy, but sometimes the quality of their food is touch and go. The time we were seated and forgotten about, I had ordered a caesar salad while my bf ordered a sandwich. The sandwich was supposed to come with coleslaw but the waitress told us the coleslaw was old and brown..... next, when I got my salad, the salad itself was limp and wilted. You could immediately tell that it was not fresh at all. The only thing I ate off of the salad was the pita bread! The waitress was not attentive enough to even notice the fact that I was displeased and did not eat it. Instead she asked, do you want to take that home with you? No. I would not like to take home old salad.
I will still begrudgingly go to this diner with my bf because he likes their burgers and sweet potato fries. For a diner, it can get pricey. I ordered 2 burgers and upgraded the fries to sweet potato fries and it cost me almost 30 dollars. I have yet to try their breakfast items, but to be honest I think I'll stick to their burgers. The best one in my opinion is the cali burger when the guac is fresh. Which is probably not that frequent.
I didnt even want to give this place one star.  This morning was my second visit to Mugshot Diner.  My first visit a couple months ago was for dinner and this morning at 9 AM was for breakfast.  I figured how can you mess up breakfast.  Well they did.  Dinner was bad but this morning's breakfast was even worse.  I ordered a smoked salmon and onion omelet.  It was overcooked, hard, dry and greasy.  The home fries were also greasy as well as tasteless and the rye toast  was toasted I would say at 6 AM.  It was hard, cold and dripping with melted margarine.  Gross!  If I had to guess the "chef" was previously an IHOP cook or worked in a prison kitchen.  Like a previous reviewer stated there are so many good restaurants in the fishtown area don't waste your time or money in this dump.
Okay..where do I start with this place!!!! Frankly this is the worst diner I have ever went to...So I came here for a quick bit to eat because I was attending an event at the 2424 center next door...I never go expecting much from a diner, however this experience was so terrible I had to alert patrons to save their monies...here is the run down:
1.) I walked in and was not greeted
2.) There were three employees at the front counter and I was basically ignored because the staff was using a lint brushs on each other- unprofessional!!!
3.) Another couple came in and the waitress then asked if the three of us were together, so apparently they didn't even know I was waiting there
3.) I ordered the Caesar salad and to my dismay the salad was ready in less than 5 mins and they left the salad under the heating lamp, so the salad was warm when it was given to me
4.) the best part about the warm salad is that two servers were directly in front of the salad and were not doing anything but talking...talk about lazy
5.) The staff was having conversations with themselves and ignoring the customers
6.) The decor was cheesy and had pictures of stars arrest photos for the back decor, what the hell was I looking at...I cant...
7.) To top it off while I was eating, I was given the check!!! It made me uncomfortable because I felt like I needed to rush.  The part that was gold was that the waitress explained to me why she gave me the check early...I was out done

When I went to pay I made sure I told managemment that this was quite frankly a terrible diner and completely unprofessional...As a patron they will never see my money again!!!
its a joke that i had to give this place 1 star it certainly doesnt deserve it , waitress was the worst , never asked if i wanted a second soda yet my cup sat on the edge of the table the whole time , i cant believe it didnt fall to the floor it was so far over , ordered a side of cheese whiz with my  fries and never got the whiz but somehow she remembered it when the bill came because it was on there , PLACE IS A FUCKING JOKE AND THE WAITRESS SHOULD HAVE TO HAND IN HER PAD AND PEN , WHAT A FUCKING JOKE
My fiance and I stopped in for a cup of coffee in the morning just to check out the scene.  We were so impressed that we came back for a late lunch. The decor is awesome, the staff is efficient and friendly, everything is clean and high quality (leather booths, and marble tables/counter-tops that won't wobble), the prices are great and the food is excellent.  I have been involved in the restaurant business for well over 15 years, and I must say, there are few if no "kinks to work out". I had a greek burger and my fiance had stuffed shrimp. Both were better than food I have eaten at many high-end restaurants in Center City; and if you have room, try the decadent cheesecake. They also have a huge banquet facility  called the sky box. We asked to check it out, and management escorted us without hesitation. The space is an amazing venue for large parties; a subtle modernistic mood, well over a 50-60 foot ceiling with balconies, real wood floors, and as far as I can guess, able to accommodate at least 600 people.
