Flambo is a new Trinidadian spot just north of Center City on Broad Street.  It's an attractive restaurant - perhaps surprisingly so when you enter based on its outside appearance.  You are warmly greeted and if is not crowded you can choose where you want to sit.  (Tip - if there is a large party in the restaurant sit as far away from them as possible as the sound echoes very much!)  The menu has lots of my Trinidadian favorites but alas no Doubles.  Oh well!  An order of Sweet Plaintains began the meal.  Actually if you check in with Yelp you can get a complimentary order of plantain chips which I didn't know until I realized that I hadn't checked in right after I left and when I did so, the offer popped up on my screen.  Now the manager working there could have also told me about the offer if he had wanted to as when he asked me why I was taking pictures I said for Yelp but he never mentioned the check-in offer.  That to me is a point minus.  A friend got the Chow Mein which she quite liked, and another friend ordered the tasty macaroni pie. I opted for the curried shrimp with buss up shut (think paratha roti).  It was okay but I really like more curry and spice flavor.  The buss up shut was well-done though.  A side order of their famous callaloo vegetable dish was spot on.  Service was very friendly and I can say that I would def return here for some more Trinidadian food - next time I will know to take advantage of a Yelp check-in offer!!
I thought I walked into the wrong place because it was so nice. Most of the items on the menu can fill you up easily under 15 and this place was looking beautifully upscale. Our server Kevin was super friendly. You get a greeting of a family reunion rather than your usual waiter-customer hello. We were welcome to sit anywhere we wanted, I felt like I owned the restaurant for a bit. There was an upstairs that looked very VIP, probably a reserved room. I was curious so Kevin took me upstairs to check it out and he was happily willing to save the spot for me anytime I wanted to bring some friends.

The tables and silverwares were spotless clean, not something I can often say. We ordered an array of food. We ordered so much more than we could eat because we wanted to try everything. This is what we had: curry mussels, oxtails with beans and rice, stewed chicken with beans and rice, curry shrimps with chick peas and salad, jerk chicken wings, a side of mixed cabbage and carrots, three apple sodas, and an icecream dessert, all for under $60!! Are you kidding me?? This isn't a take out or a lunch truck, it's a legit sit-down restaurant! What a steal!

Let me start with the stewed chicken, it was the best I've had anywhere. The sauce had an amazing balance of acidity and sweetness from the tomato and browned sugar braising together. The chicken was tender and given ample time to absorb all the saucy goodness. The curry shrimps with rice was equally amazing. Most curries are heavy, over powering in flavor, which is fine because I usually get it with meat. With seafood however, I've always wanted a lighter, more delicate touch. My curry shrimp was exactly that. The curry was filled with aroma yet delicate enough to balance with the shrimps. The same can be said for the curry sauce in our mussels appetizer.
Our surprise hit would be the cabbage mix. While most places have braised cabbage that is soaked in flavors, the cabbage itself is usually soggy. Here? The cabbage still restrain some crunch and therefore adds a really fresh bite. The braised liquid thickened to almost a glaze on the cabbage and carrot, it was simply amazing. The best
Part? It was complimentary from the chef.

I save the best for last, which is the oxtails. I don't even have words for it. The oxtails were tender and fall off the bones yummy. What really set it apart however, is the the sauce. I cannot put my finger on the actual ingredients because it has so much depth of flavor. You first taste salt, beefy gravy, then sweetness and then all the aromatic spice and then right back to a hint of sweetness before you finish your bite. I was very satisfied.

We were very lucky, the owner, Anthony, came out to check on us. He wanted to make personally thank us for choosing the restaurant and made sure everything was up to par. It is worth mentioning that we definitely under dress for the occasion. While there is no dress code, I was in my shorts and sweaty t-shirt. I thought it was going to be a take out place. Regardless, we received tremendous respect and attention from the owner. This is officially my new favorite restaurant. Come on in and try it yourself. No matter what you do, make sure you get the oxtails and stew chicken, even if you are already full!
I never try Trini food before I visit this place. It's like a food adventure for me. The Oxtail is amazing, unbelievable tasty. I will 100% return this place for the Oxtail dish. The jerk wing is also very favorable. I don't quite enjoy the goat Roti, is a ok dish for me.
Flambo is truly a gem. Delicious food, super awesome juices, BYOB, amazing service, very reasonable prices, and a wacky atmosphere that you can't help but fall in love with.

My monthly dining club likes under the radar, off the beaten path,  authentic restaurants serving food we've never tried from countries we've never been. We've gone all over the city and suburbs for 3 years and this was one of our favorites! 

The decor is amazing- giant chandeliers,  colored lights,  giant paintings, flamingo figurines,  mannequins decked out in carnivale garb. You'll fewl like you stepped into a different world (Trinidad, perhaps?) We had the place nearly to ourselves on a Sunday night, and there's a whole upstairs private seating area. Would be a great place for a private party.

The service is exceptional- we forgot to BYO and the owner and his son brought us a complimentary champagne toast to start (and then left the rest of the bottle!), explained the menu in detail, gave great recommendations, told us the history of the restaurant and really achieved their goal to make people feel like they just stepped into Trinidad and were welcomed into someone's home. They even sent out some plantain cinnamon bites to start!

The drinks- we tried all 5 and loved the passionfruit juice, the soursop and condensed milk juice, and the hibiscus punch. The peanut butter drink was like a peanut butter milkshake and delicious.  The Mauby (licorice flavor) drink was interestingbut not my favorite (but my friend loved it). Some of these juices would pair well with liquor so keep that in mind when you BYOB!

Last but not least the FOOD- the mix of indian, African, Chinese,  and Carribean spices is super interesting and flavorful. You MUST get the curry goat and the curry mussels you will not regret it. We got the bussa roti (easier to share) with the curry goat and basically licked the plate clean. We also loved the escabiche fish (whole fried fish) and the pelau (like a chicken biryani). The only thing that was a bit of a letdown was the pepper shrimp chow mein (too spicy for us and overall just an odd combo, but I have no doubt this is authentic). The side of veggies were nothing special, but again, I'm sure they're authentic so more of a personal preference. They served everything family style for us which was great. 5 dishes was plenty for 5 people and 3 of us had leftovers.  There are also lots of vegetarian options- we loved the side of pumpkin. We were bummed they were out of oxtail and will have to come back!

The owner told us they like to do special events with live music so look out for their Christmas and Carnival parties! Highly recommend!
I'm rooting for Flambo but my experiences have been mediocre.  Being from the Caribbean myself, I had to support this establishment.  I was made aware of the restaurant since I used to live close by and dined in once.  More recently I ordered takeout so my experience is based on the two times I patronized.  The first time I dined in and ordered curry chicken (pre-Covid) the other time I ordered takeout chicken roti (post-Covid).

The first time I went to Flambo there was a group of us dining in.  It was a slow day and we had special attention from the server.  I don't recall her name but she was very pleasant and accommodating.  She provided great excitement for the meal we were ordering.  Overall I was a bit disappointed since the wait for our food was long and my curry chicken was not warm.  The taste wasn't as great as I expected but it was decent.

On my more recent meal, I ordered roti to go and was expecting a bit more flavor to the meat.  The folks are always pleasant so I like supporting.

I look forward to giving them a few more tries and even ordering another meal because looking at other reviews, it seems that they execute their meals really well and folks leave satisfied.
I stopped here yesterday with a party of 5 to celebrate Father's Day with my dad.  My dad and I visited Trinidad years ago and he fell in love with the cuisine specifically Doubles.  I wanted to make his Father's Day special so I was on a search for the best Doubles in Philadelphia.  Flambo came highly recommended by critics and friends alike so I decided to check them out.

I tried reaching out to the restaurant by their main number but was unsuccessful.  The voice message listed an alternative number for placing orders so I figured I'd give that line a try.  I spoke to a nice man by 
 phone and text message (who I later found out was the owner/chef).  He told me they would be serving Doubles on Sunday and to make a reservation through their online reservation service. I did as instructed.

Fast forward to Sunday evening. We enter the restaurant and were greeted with a friendly smile from the hostess/waitress.  We were seated and given menus immediately as the sounds of Soca music took us back to the "islands".  We placed our orders only to find out they had run out of Doubles!!!  I mentioned my telephone discussion to her and she said she would see what she could do.  Moments later a serving of doubles was placed in front of my father.  I was a little bummed we only received one serving but ecstatic I was able to get a serving for my father. Before I could ask my father how it was the chef/owner came exchanged pleasantries and personally delivered a couple more servings of doubles to our table.  I don't know how they pulled it off but I am glad they did!

In addition to the doubles, we ordered curried chicken & goat, stewed chicken and curried muscles.  All of which were very flavorful and delish.  I did have one compliant...I wish I had more!  

The table shared wine as this restaurant is BYOB and my father enjoyed a glass of Soursop which is a popular tropical drink consisting of soursop fruit, milk, cinnamon, nutmeg, and vanilla. He seemed to enjoy it as he slurped the last bit from his glass.

Both the food and service here is excellent.  I highly recommend visiting and/or ordering out.  

I hope to visit again soon!
Good food. Good service. Authentic West Indian food. BYOB. Quiet Atmosphere. Mussels were very tasty. Curry Goat Roti was delish.
The food is so delicious and flavorful here!! My husband visited Flambo during the very early stages of COVID-19 when we could still eat indoors in Philly. Both father and son, Anthony and Kevin, were there to greet us and since there were not many patrons on a Sunday afternoon they took time to talk with us for about an hour. We learned about the history of the building, the kind of events they hope to have in the future and interesting tidbits about their culture. What a beautiful family! Such kind souls. Please all-- support local business, especially during this time. Believe me, this restaurant is well worth it.

We ended up ordering a lot of food because we were curious about so many items. The best dishes were the jerk chicken wings and the stewed chicken with roti. I could eat them every single day. Kevin was so kind as to allow us to try the juices they make in house daily. They were all so tasty. My husband and I and can't wait to go back and try new dishes as well as spend some time with Kevin and Anthony. For now, we will settle with ordering take out as often as possible.
Came here for take out during the era of COVID19. Overall a pretty good experience. Make sure you support your local businesses and check this place out!

Ordered online. It was a new system and a smidge confusing, but they thanked me for using it when I got there and said they were still working out the kinks. Got a call 10min after I ordered which confirmed my ordered and asked for a couple details. I got there at 6pm. The roti was taking a bit to cook so I had to wait for about 15min extra for my food. They apologized profusely. Food was packed very nicely. Good precautions were taken to maintain social distancing. 

Ordered the mixed vegetable app, Vegetable Dhalpuri, and Pelau with chicken. Interestingly enough the mixed vegetables was my favorite thing. Might seem boring, but whatever they satueed them in was delicious! The Pelau was a bit scant of chicken but overall was a good amount of food. Overall was a bit bland. This was largely the same story with the Dhalpuri. The roti was large and there was a good helping of the vegetables on the side. Unfortunately again a bit bland, and there wasn't much gravy. It was more like soup which was hard to eat with the roti (hard to eat liquid with bread). 

Overall everyone was super nice, a big variety of food on the menu which all looks delicious. Prices are super reasonable. Unfortunately the food overall was a bit bland and not very exciting. Roti was great though, so maybe just order a bunch of that.
I came here with my Trinidadian friend to try Trini food for the first time and I was amazed! Both the food and service were great. It's been a while since I've felt this welcome and taken care of at a restaurant. The food is authentic and all made in house, so you know it's fresh and delicious! My friend also approved of the restaurant and had me try a bunch of his fav dishes. Kevin, the son of the father-son ownership, served us and was so nice. He even gave us a treat on the house! I really enjoyed talking to him and learning about the restaurant and Trinidad. He also mentioned they do entertainment nights so I look forward to going to an event in the future.

Awesome food and unbeatable service! Definitely recommend this spot!
Food was amazing and NOT OVERLY GREASY. Service was very friendly. This is true Indo-Caribbean cuisine. You'll get more than enough food for the fair price. I'll be coming back soon enough.
Went to Flambo last night with a few friends and had an excellent experience. Great food, great service in a very classy Island like ambience. I have to say it's some of the best Caribean cuisine I've had in Phillly. We decided to go with a mix of items family style so that we can all try different dishes. We started of with a the jerk wings... great flavor and so tender that they literally fell of the bone. Then came the doubles which I've had at different places before but I have to say this was on point. Our main course consisted of a few different dishes... stewed chicken, curried shrimp, curried goat, rice and beans, pepper shrimp, buss up shut... My mouth is watering as I write this review. The crew at Flambo does a great job and they took real good care of us. Looking forward to going back real soon.
It's not just another Caribbean restaurant - it's a real Trini restaurant in Philly - finally!  Having lived in NYC, and having many Trinidadian friends, I've tasted and enjoyed the upscale and street food cuisines of Trinidad and Tobago.  Sadly, Philly lacked Caribbean options beyond jerk chicken and plantains.. until now.

What a gem did I stumble on today! We had the goat curry and curry shrimp roti with bussupshot. Flavorful?  Of course, it's a curry..  Quality? Great!  You know quality when your curry has chopped up little pieces of all the peppers and spices used to make that rich flavor.  We also asked for their hot pepper sauce and got a nice tangy sauce of freshly chopped habanero peppers.

As other reviews have mentioned, the best part is that Caribbean hospitality Kevin and Anthony provide.  Not even NYC places could match this.  And well, if you know anything about Caribbean culture, hospitality and good vibes is quintessential of the island experience... and somehow tucked not to far from center city, I found the islands.

It's a great place for a romantic dinner, with some great Caribbean tunes softly playing in the background.  Large enough for group get together and also has a separate area for private parties.

Can't wait till my next visit !
The best trini food in philadelphia area. The service was beyond great. (5+ stars for service) Had pepper shrimp and it was one of the best things I've ever had.
The staff make this restaurant to notch. 
The food is crazy good. No need to even bother to tell you. Go eat. Period. 
But the gentleman who helped me was so kind and friendly. Just a sheer delight. I hope he's there when we come back. 
Pro tip: the space they have is huge! Book a tropical venue here and indulge!
About the only game in town for a nice place to sit and eat before a show at the Met.  But be warned- their pre show menu is only half the website with many more traditional dishes and drinks removed and they fill up fast so make reservations.
That being said, the food they had was on point from salad to main to dessert, service warm and prompt.  And again, you can't beat the pre show location.
If you are from the Trinidad or Guyana please don't waste your money at this establishment. The curry was horrible, chicken was all watered down, with one piece of potato added to the chick peas. As for the taste; nothing like what curry should taste like. The texture of the paratha felt like rubber. 
The Chinese lo mein looked like a mushy, sappy mess. The noodles were overcooked and the chicken was stewed and mixed into the noodles. There were no authentic Chinese or Trinidad seasonings nor ginger or garlic added. They used Worcestershire sauce instead of soy sauce. 
Total misrepresentation  of our cultural dishes.
This is my first time in Philadelphia and I was excited to try this restaurant.  As a person from the Caribbean I was looking for authentic food. I ordered a roti and was somewhat disappointed. As you see in the picture my roti was never wrapped.  Also, there was a lot of liquid in my roti.  Not only was my roti full of liquid and unwrapped but so was my wife's!  The plantain were oily but delicious. The peanut punch was good. It tasted really good!  I also had the corn soup however it was mostly liquid. Overall, I think it was not bad but I was not impressed as well.
I wish I could give more stars as I just received the most amazing dining experience for my husbands 40th Birthday last night! I made a reservation for 20 and preordered food family style. The manager Kevin worked with me the weeks leading to last night to ensure the dinner would be everything I wanted. He was very patient with my numerous questions and emails and was able to offer a package at a reasonable price. It is a byob so we brought in liquor/wine and the servers were able to provide mixers ice and carafes. It is no easy task to service 20 people but they did it with a smile the entire night! Anything we needed they provided promptly and even offered to help with a small amount of decor we brought in and setting up the birthday cupcakes. Now to the food we had pepper shrimp, curry chicken, chickpeas, rice, macaroni pie , mixed veggies and palori (spelling?) a trini appetizer.  The food was delicious hot and so fresh!! Everyone commented how good the food was and it's also very authentic trini food. The servers did a great job of distributing the food amongst the guests. Overall an amazing dining experience. This was my second time dining here and it will definitely not be my last!!
This was my first visit to Flambo. The restaurant was easy to find and there was convenient parking directly outside. I was nicely greeted when I entered and directed to a seat. One thing I noticed and liked was the Caribbean art work and prints that was up on the walls. I ordered a shrimp roti with buss up shut. Also, plantains and wontons. There was a slight mixup in the order but the waitress fixed it. The buss up shut was good, it was soft and silky in texture. It was flavorful as well. However the curry needed some more flavor in my opinion. I added some pepper sauce and that did the job. The plantains was delicious. It had a hint of cinnamon in it and but it still reminded me of my favorite childhood breakfast memories. I enjoyed my experience but the food was not off the chart. I would not mind trying it again in the future to give it another chance. I love Trinidadian food and I will always support.
The oxtail was phenomenal. The customer service was excellent and couldn't ask for more. The jerk wings were some of the best wings I've had anywhere!
This is really frustrating to have to write this review. So many people here have raved about the food but it is actually infuriating knowing that the quality is actually really poor and the price point way too high. 

Tonight I ordered oxtails, stew chicken with roti, plantains, wontons and sorrel. I wanted to try the roti in the hopes that I could order some for Divali. 

When I opened the boxes, box after box I got more and more mad. First of all, paying $16.99 for an oxtail meal seems reasonable given the cost of the meat. But when you receive a box that is 80% rice, 10% bones and 10% meat you have to wonder what you are really paying for. I could have bought oxtails at any Jamaican spot in Philly and gotten way better quality, flavor AND quantity of meat. 

Why on earth does your stew chicken have julienned carrots and Chinese spices?!?! There was not the slightest hint of browned sugar in either of the meals I received. Are you using premade browning? Don't! Please. Revisit these recipes. And seasonings. 

The wontons were OK. Soggy and tiny but they tasted Trini style enough. 

I wasn't going to write a review. I was just going to chalk it up to bad Trini customer service (which is a thing and if you are Trini you know it to be true). But then I opened the foil with the plantains and LOST it. I would NEVER in my life serve anybody plantains that looked like that. The chef should be ashamed of himself for calling this food. The plantains were CLEARLY old, soaked in oil for AGES and fried past any stage of recognition. I had to throw them away immediately. 

If you want to dispute this, take a good honest to God look at the pictures below and ask yourself if your Trinidadian mother, whether she was Indian, Black, Chinese - would she have served you this poor quality of food at such a ridiculously high price?!?? 

DO BETTER.
Today I stopped by Flambo. I read the menu online and found that they made roti. I ordered a veggie roti and tamarind wings. 

If you take a look at the pic, this roti is big as hell. Stuffed with potatoes and channa. These tamarind were everything. Modestly sweet with a small amount of heat. Saucy just as I like it. I just wish they were serving pholourie today so I can dunk it in the tamarind sauce.
As soon as I'm able, I'm coming back for curry shrimp and callaloo.
We stopped by this place by accident...Glad we did... They recently opened up and place was empty. We tried half of their menu - escovitch fish, curried goat, roti bread and stewed chicken. Food was really yummy, even rice and service exceptional.
This place is magical. I will start with what is important. THE FOOD. Excellent. Curry spices, well prepared. Stews, sauces, really excellent. The decor is wacky. Chandeliers, mannequins in headdresses, tropical music. But, it's kookiness made me love it even more. Do yourself a favor and go here. You won't be sad.
This is a hidden gem off of Broad street.  The food is amazing and the owners are very friendly.  I recommend that you stop by and give them a try.  You will love it.
This place is AMAZING!!! Genuine Trini Caribbean food cooked fresh. We had the escovitch, stew chicken and roti and curried mussels as an appetizer.  This father soon team is incredibly hospitable and leave no stone unturned. I can wait to come back in my next trip to Philly.
Looking for amazing Trinidadian cuisine? Well this is the place!! Floridian native with West Indian roots!! This food reminded me of back home, Not only is it authentic but it is prepared from scratch and freshly made. The decor is superb and the Soca music reminds you of Carnival. This place is definitely worth visiting for a meet up with friends or date night!!

I started out with the Caribbean salad as the appetizer- the spicy dressing goes perfect with it.

My Entree entailed Curry Chicken with chick peas and the BEST BUSS UP SHUT ROTI in Philly!!
Food was great. Service was so so. We were one of two tables with people at it. It took quite a long time to get our food and even longer to get our check. The waiter(younger owner) was very kind and engaging, but I'd recommend him being a bit more attentive and polishing his skills a bit with working the front of the house.
Flambo is simply majestic!! Truly a hidden gem in Philly and the only place you can find  authentic, mouth watering Trinidadian cuisine. The service is impeccable and the owners are very welcoming. Once you walk in you'll feel like your in the islands and the food is beyond delicious. I recommend Flambo because the food is flavorful and prepared freshly. I'm never disappointed and did I mention how amazing, owners Kevin and his dad are? I will be returning!
I'm confused by the other reviews. Perhaps it was an off night? I ordered the goat roti and oxtail entree.  My two favorite dishes! The goat was very tough and the curry was flat. Similarly the oxtail was tough and the flavors were flat. I really wanted to like this place because of the location and the service was so friendly. But I was really disappointed with the food. There are better places in Philly if you're willing to drive.

Maybe I'll try again in the future to see if it was just an off night.
I love Flambo! The basics: the food here is absolutely amazing, the service even better. 

I needed catering for my graduation dinner, and I decided on Flambo after having it bookmarked on Yelp since 2017. I had always envisioned having my graduation dinner there, although I never visited in person, due to the sheer options on the menu not available at other Caribbean restaurants or "take-out" spots (i.e., pholourie, buss-up shut, etc.). But my graduation was scheduled for a Monday and Flambo is closed on Mondays. Flambo was still more than willing to work with me! I spoke with Kevin and he agreed to provide catering for my guests although the restaurant would be closed. I ordered the vegetable buss-up shut and the pholourie for twenty people, as well as the escovitch fish for my parents. Throughout the process, Kevin communicated constantly with me. He also checked in after the fact to make sure everything went well, before I had the chance to thank him. 

My guests, most of them West Indian, RAVED about the food, which was freshly made. My parents are Guyanese, so I guess I am too by default. Everyone loved it--which is rare for West Indians, no shade intended lol. I wish I had taken pictures but everyone kind of just immediately started eating. I also loved the food as well! I grew up having the greats from Liberty Avenue in Queens and the food by far exceeded my expectations. And my non-West Indian guests also enjoyed the food!

I went to the restaurant a few days ago to thank Flambo in person and also met Anthony. Both Kevin and Anthony congratulated me on my graduation and also made a social media post. Their service by far exceeded the service I received at any other restaurant. And the restaurant has an amazing ambiance. On a whim, I decided to order the vegetable buss-up shut and the macaroni pie for takeout. Still, the food was amazing! In fact, I wish I had ordered the macaroni for my graduation dinner. Not for my guests though but for myself--yes, I would eat the entire pan, don't judge! 

I would absolutely recommend going to Flambo asap! I will visit again soon for the entire sit-down experience. You should too.
I really enjoyed my visit to Flambo. I went here for lunch over the weekend. The restaurant is spacious and there are beautiful chandeliers on the ceiling. The portions were generous and the food was authentic!
I love this place! It reminds me of my childhood.... great food all made from scratch. What I love about this place?? THE ROTI OMG! It's delish! I've been more than a hand full of times I took my boyfriend and he had roti to go! I purchased 2 today and my boss tried it and went and got one as well. Huge portions and worth the prices!
Even on this rainy evening, you can step into Trinidad right here in Philly. The bake and shark was delicious and of course we had to get some to go, not to mention the curry shrimp bust up shot.
Took hubby here for his birthday and the food was great. Flambo offers authentic Trinidadian cuisine -- important to note because most Caribbean restaurants in Philly really only offer Jamaican food. This restaurant is very clean, quiet, and it has a great menu. The service is friendly too. We had a great time and we will return. Please note that this is a sit down full restaurant -- not a small takeout joint. Dress nicely, relax, and order curry chicken roti, macaroni pie, and more. Flambo is here to stay!
Ate here with a group of friends before going to see a show at the Met.   The waitstaff was extremely attentive and polite. I had the curry chicken with a side of fried cinnamon plantains. I also tried the jerk wings that my bf ordered. Everything was delicious! Will definitely consider this place the next time I see a show at the Met.
I had no idea what to expect, trying Caribbean food for the first time.  It was incredible!!! 

We got a large order for our wonderful staff.  We tried the BBQ chicken, curry shrimp, blackened shrimp, and Caribbean salad.  Everything was amazing, even the rice and sides (we got pumpkin).

My favorite was the curry shrimp.  

I will definitely be ordering again, probably within the next week!
Hands down the BEST Trinidadian restaurant in the area! My wife and I love their vegetable roti. The atmosphere and the entire staff make you feel at home. A true gem on north Broad street!
Tasty food, friendly service! And BYOB. We went on a Friday night and were surprised/sad to see it was almost completely empty. 
We very much enjoyed the curry chicken dhalpuri, callaloo, yucca and sweet plantains, shared between 2 people-- left very satisfied with the food and the price.
Best place to feel truly welcomed and wanted. The food is delicious and the hospitality is warming. I recommend Flambo to all who enjoys great Caribbean food along with a relaxing atmosphere.
We just heard about Flambo recently and after some friends recommended it, we went last night. What a treasure! Our server was welcoming, friendly and helpful. We had a lot of questions and he explained the menu and helped us make our choices. The owner, Anthony also greeted us and talked with us for a while. We took their recommendations and went with the Roti. I had the curried goat and she had the curried chicken; then we shared. Wow! Both were great dishes. As promised, the goat was flavorful but not the least bit gamey. The chicken was tender and tasty. 
We'll be back and bringing friends. It's great to have this cool place in our neighborhood.
Great service and great food! We had the escovitch fish, oxtails, and curry goat. Everything was wonderful. I highly recommend trying Flambo for yourself because you will become a repeat customer. It truly is an experience.
The food in this hole in the wall restaurant was incredibly flavorful.  I came with a group of 10 people and shared curry mussels- divine, jerk and tamarind wings- literally fell off the bone, oxtail-wasn't able to try as it was eaten too quickly, and curry lamb and chicken with roti- perfectly cooked and properly made.  The prices are a steal for the abundance of food that you receive.  The place itself is smaller and colorful and easily missed if driving past.  Service was slow and leisurely (but recall we had a party of 10 in addition to another large party of 10 already there).  The waitress was patient and helpful.  Overall, they proved that they deserved their 5 stars and best Trindadian food in Philly.

Also, the place is BYOB, so don't forget the wine.
This place was amazing. The main door looks like the front door of a house and then inside is a beautiful staircase which gives you a very home-like feel. Came here with a group of people on Wednesday night it wasn't busy at all. We did family style food so the owner brought out all of the main dishes and smaller portions and everything was delicious. The Jerk Wings had a kick to them and the chicken was spicy. This place is BYOB. The staff are so friendly it's a father-and-son who work here and their story is inspirational. I would highly recommend this place to anyone. It's Trinidadian food and certain dishes are spicy but it's so good.
What a cute restaurant! This place sits several blocks north of Hahnemann hospital, and the interior transplanted us to the Caribbean. Calypso music plays in the background and carnival themed items decorate the walls and corners. The chef/owner, Anthony, and his son, Kevin were quite personable and welcoming. Our table enjoyed the escovitch fish (fried whole red snapper topped with pickling sauce onion and pepper--which was our favorite of the bunch), oxtails, curried goat and pelau (rice cooked together with chicken and veggies). Each dish was served with white rice or rice and peas and everything was flavorful. The food temperature on the chickpeas served alongside the goat could have been a bit hotter. We also ordered a side of macaroni pie. It was good but more akin to macaroni and cheese which is gooier than the formed, crispy exterior macaroni pie. The drinks we ordered (soft drinks as this is a byob) were good. We enjoyed island favorites: sorrel, mauby and soursop punch. The sorrel was a winner. The mauby was good but tasted like it was made from mauby syrup and not the bark, which provides a deeper flavor. We should have asked. It was a laid back and enjoyable meal at a good price point, and we hope to return soon for some of that island flavor and . 

Updated: Have to increase the stars. Hospitality is fantastic! We need more places like this in the city
My friends and I have come here multiple times now, and we LOVE their roti. I've tried their stewed chicken, curry chicken, curry goat, veggie, and curry shrimp. All of them are amazing, though my personal favorite is the stewed chicken since there is a hint of sweetness from the tomato based sauce. The owner is also so sweet and accommodating - even making us some of our favorite roti one day when it wasn't on the menu! 

I'd highly recommend coming here to try their traditional Trinidadian dishes and supporting this wonderful local business. You won't be disappointed!

Also FYI they are not doing the yelp check in offer anymore but just have not been able to remove it from the site.
Really wanted to love this place, a small business in a not great neighborhood which is trending up because of its proximity to the new Met venue. Arrived around 8 and it was near to closing, but because we had called ahead they stayed open for us, which was really nice of them. Only one other occupied table.

Ordered fried plantains for appetizer and it was served without plates, so we each took one piece and nibbled on it. Tasty though.

My main dish was vegetarian plate: mashed sweet potato, beans and rice. It was served first. Had to wait for the others to be served several minutes later. I hate when people are served at different times. Even so, when the other plates were served they were lukewarm. The goat curry was 50% bone. It says on the menu that the meats are served with bones on, so not a surprise but it means not a lot of meat. I would say portions are smallish. And not spicy at all! I expect Caribbean food to have some punch! It was downright bland.

The server was very friendly and efficient. I had a 10% off coupon which was honored. It's very cheap. It's a BYOB. 

This would be a lot better place if they made it spicier and the chef got the serving together.
I had great hopes for this place as it is a dedicated *Trini* restaurant which is sometimes hard to find, but it was definitely a miss. 

Like the previous reviews mentioned the Buss Up Shut was definitely a miss: very doughy. I had it with chicken and that was incredibly watery. Also, a major cause for alarm was the chickpeas that came with the meal: it smelled off and the potato wasn't thoroughly cooked. 

I also ordered a goat roti and they needed to leave the meat to cook longer. The potato in the roti was also not completely cooked.

I can tell they cook with good ingredients and the seasoning was there, but the execution was off. Maybe they just had a bad day but the curries were rushed. I'm not reviewing this as someone uninformed: I'm from the Caribbean with a Trini mother, just giving some constructive criticism on how they can improve.

Bottom line: good seasoning, poor execution.
I am 50% Guyanese and have been looking for a good place to go to when I get cravings for some Guyanese food. This was my first time ordering from this place and the food was immaculate. I got the vegetable buss-up with two rotis and I literally enjoyed it so much. I saw pholourie on the menu as well but for some reason I could not order it for delivery. Next time I want this food I am going to physically go to the restaurant. I highly recommend the food though.
My family is from Trinidad so for Father's Day I wanted to surprise my dad with some food from his home island. I placed my order at 11:00am and set my pickup time for 3:30pm. I arrived at 3:40pm to pick up my food and one of the cooks came out and told me that the online section has a lot of foods that they no longer carry. He was able to deduct the price from my order but I was still disappointed that no one gave me a call to let me know that the order had to be changed. The next disappointment was the PRICING!!! The corn soup has a tiny bit in the bowl but is priced for 6.00$ the oxtail has about 4 pieces of meet but is priced at 17.00$ I understand it's a business but the portion size relative to the high pricing could be a little better. The food was not tasty and this is not a restaurant I will be trying again
We looked for a restaurant near The Met as we go to shows there often.  To begin with, we were really excited to go to Flambo, and had studied the menu before going.  There were three things I had set my sights on; buss shot shrimp, roti and callaloo.  None of them were on the menu!

I asked the waiter why, and he said that the menu is limited on days that there are Met shows.  He told me that the first thing they took off the menu is roti (and therefore, buss up shot) because it takes too much time with the rush of people that come in.  I'm sorry, but this is crazy.

I would think that when you have one of a very few restaurants in the area of a major draw to a depressed area of Philly, you'd want to put your best foot forward on days when the draw is in session.  I would have no reason to go there, other than when we go to The Met.  There are too many other better restaurants in Philly.

The food on the limited menu wasnt bad; it was OK and just wasnt what we looked forward to eating.  There has to be some kind of work around, like putting more staff on to accommodate the crowds on Met days (and it wasnt all that crowded).  I took deeper look at the reviews after we went, and this seems to be a common issue.  Either that, or let people know on their website that there is a limited menu on Met days, and post that menu.  The limited menu had about half of the usual offerings.

While I would otherwise be eager to return to Flambo if they had the really interesting things on the menu that they removed for Met shows, it's unlikely that I will if they dont.
I had a great dining experience in Flambo Restaurant. The food was delicious and the customer service was great  The only way you will regret coming here is if you have super boring food taste because nothing you get here has basic or bland flavoring. The meats are incredibly spiced and saucy, aka what ALL meat should be like. It's not overly fatty or salty, just right. The curry goat and oxtail are both-you know I'm just gonna stop, go order them and find out.
What a cute restaurant! This place sits several blocks north of Hahnemann hospital, and the interior transplanted us to the Caribbean. Calypso music plays in the background and carnival themed items decorate the walls and corners. The chef/owner, Anthony, and his son, Kevin were quite personable and welcoming. Our table enjoyed the escovitch fish (fried whole red snapper topped with pickling sauce onion and pepper--which was our favorite of the bunch), oxtails, curried goat and pelau (rice cooked together with chicken and veggies). Each dish was served with white rice or rice and peas and everything was flavorful. The food temperature on the chickpeas served alongside the goat could have been a bit hotter. We also ordered a side of macaroni pie. It was good but more akin to macaroni and cheese which is gooier than the formed, crispy exterior macaroni pie. The drinks we ordered (soft drinks as this is a byob) were good. We enjoyed island favorites: sorrel, mauby and soursop punch. The sorrel was a winner. The mauby was good but tasted like it was made from mauby syrup and not the bark, which provides a deeper flavor. We should have asked. It was a laid back and enjoyable meal at a good price point, and we hope to return soon for some of that island flavor and hospitality.
I wasted $60. Bland dry doubles and their BussUpShot was sad tasteless thick doughy almost gluey. Save your money honestly. 
BussUpShot should be light, flaky, pastry like and have actual cooked markings for additional flavor.
Carribean vibes all day long! Felt like I was at the beach. They have uplighting and mannequins with colorful outfits on. Seems like a decent place.

Except the food hasasian influences? They had wantons, and chow mein and curry? Was really confused. Def not your typical carribean food. I've been to the carribean and never once ordered curry or chow mein lol.

Food was good. We got the house combo chow mein. Shrimp was good and chow mein and veggies well cooked. Chicken was a little on the dry side.

Mac pie was interesting. A little spicy but very good.

Not sure I'd go back but if you're looking for something different definitely go here!
I came here about two months ago with friend. There was no one else that night during our dinning there. The menu was short and completely different fro their website. Buss up shout was not on they menu. When I asked they said it takes too long to make so they don list any more. Then ordered two dishes, ox tail and goat. They told us goat was running out... at 5 pm without anyone else in the restaurant? So I have to order chicken instead. They used chicken breast , which was a little over cooked. Ox tail was not tender enough and hard to chew. Finally we ordered a dessert. The waitress explained it has some hazelnut and whatever but cream or filling, but was completely different as described! So disappointed...
Fantastic food!! Only take out right now but wow these guys know how to make amazing Caribbean food. The oxtail is one of the best dishes I've ever had. Perfectly season and you can tell it was cooked down for a long long time. Definitely need to check this place out.
This place was beyond awesome.....food was fantastic and customer service was great. My husband surprised me with a dinner there ffor our 5th yr wedding anniversary and when I got there the ambience inside was awesome. It's beautiful inside and clean. We had our own section which was blocked from the rest of the restaurant, candles were lit, lights were dimmed, and beautiful music playing. I was very impressed and would definitely recommend it. You will not be disappointed
We had a Friday evening reservation.  Seating was done quickly.  The person serving as our wait person was friendly and she did a nice job of appearing when needed.  Expectation vs reality is truly the way to sum up the food experience.  

Online Menu versus Restaurant Menu: 
The menu online and the menu we were given were starkly different. Honestly it felt like bait and switch. There was no Phoulourie on the menu.   There were no Roti dishes or Buss Up Shut dishes (which equates to 10 missing items).  There were 3 sides missing from the menu (Callaloo, Rice and Beans, and the Boiled and Fried Cassava).  The menu had no drinks.  I don't know if they actually had peanut punch or any of the others.  I asked if they had sorrel tea and the wait person advised they would check because they weren't sure.  They did have it.

Sorrell Tea 
It was OK.  A bit sweeter than others I have had. 

Corn Soup 
Quite tasty.  Looks nothing like the photo online, this was more of a puree. 

Caribbean Salad 
I don't know how long it was sitting around.  Mediocre at best. 

Veggies Medley 
Served room temperature.  I am not sure why it wasn't served hot.  The pumpkin puree was good.  There were 3 green beans on the plate.  The chickpea portion lacked flavor.  I spent a lot of time pushing it around on the plate.  The rice was edible. 

Chunky Vegetable Chow Mein 
Served cold.  Overly sweetened sauce. 

Sweet Cinnamon Plantains
Served cold. I have had these before elsewhere.  Cinnamon is usually an enhancement not the overkill that existed here. 

Macaroni Pie
It was good.  Unfortunately, it was also served cold. 

Was the had chef off that day? I have to wonder if food is being made or if it is just sitting in hot plates not kept up to temperate.  The it was quite a disappointing experience.  I would expect the food to be served at temperature and have some flavor. We ate what we could because we had an event to go to and no opportunity to get anything else for the night.  What I do know is that we won't be going back again.
Wow!! A new go to spot in the city for us... shame it took me this long to try it. We got take out due to covid but despite the 20ish minutes it took between pick up and giving in, everything was warm and delicious. 

Roti was truly perfect. The combo of chewy, soft, and buttery that I have trouble finding in the states... I'm basically always craving it. The curry chicken was boneless which was a pleasant surprise. It seemed to be chicken breast strips which was unexpected but fine with me. 

Macaroni pie and sweet cinammon plantains rounded out the meal. Mac was a bit on the softer side for my taste but I still happily ate all of it. 

I'll be back for the doubles!

Super nice staff too! I look forward to returning. Maybe some outdoor tables will pop up too!
I really was expecting great things from all of the positive reviews, but I left a little disappointed. Me and my sis came to grab a bite of food before the concert down the street. We made reservations beforehand, they were able to accommodate us when we had to change the reservation from 6 to 7:15 which was nice. Unfortunately that was the best part of the experience, our waiter was very nice and did his best but the food took over 40minutes to come out! I was so hungry and I wished they gave us some bread for the table but no luck. We had to rush to eat when the food finally came so we weren't late for the concert. I ordered the oxtails which was just ok. My sis liked her jerk chicken which I tasted and that was good. The owner walked around to other tables to ask about their experience but skipped us. It's only 12 tables so not a large place. Overall average experience
I've been looking forward to trying this restaurant for so long every since they first opened. I was very disappointed . Service was nice, curry mussels watered down... no. Curry shrimp was just ok. Very small amount of food for $28. The sorrel was yummy...
