I don't know who needs to read this (me), but you don't need a whoopie pie today.

Ha, don't worry ... I didn't fall for that BS either ... and headed straight to Flying Monkey Bakery (in the bustling Reading Market) cause I "needed" a whoopie pie while attending a conference in downtown Philadelphia.

That's right! Whoopie pies my pretties ... whoopie pies!

Don't over do it. 

Get just one ... ... of each :) ... unless you "want" two of the chocolate (classic) and red velvet. Ok, I'm gettin' two of those AND one of the others. 

Also, don't fear Flying Monkey's whoopie pies featuring a pair of soft round mounds of fresh cake sandwiching a sweet dollop of creamy frosting. At $3-$4 a piece, the price is right. 

Let the joyous news be spread!
One time, my adorable grandparents had us over to celebrate a birthday.  My grandfather excitedly announced that he had picked up a cake from ACME with buttercream frosting.  Mmm, buttercream frosting!  We sang, cut the cake and doled out the slices, but I eyed my piece suspiciously.  The frosting looked very much like that glorified Cool Whip ACME so loves to use in their bakery.  

We all dug in but the confused reaction was instantaneous.  The frosting WAS the glorified Cool Whip kind! That's when someone picked up the box and read the made-up word, "bettercream."  My grandfather and his eyesight were had by ACME!  

Flying Monkey's cupcakes are lovely to look at.  Unfortunately, they are too dry, and the frosting tastes like bettercream.
Flying Monkey is the last of the well-known vendors in RTM that I've been meaning to hit up, so I did so today.  Given that I like to try items that vendors are best known for, I went right for a slice of the pumpple cake ($8).  This cake, as the name might suggest, is a curiosity item comprising pumpkin pie embedded in a layer of chocolate cake, as well as apple pie embedded in a layer of yellow cake, frosted with a buttercream-esque icing.

While the cake sounds awesome in principle, in practice, I must confess that I found it rather underwhelming.  The pairing of chocolate cake and pumpkin pie didn't work for me, given that pumpkin pie is rather delicate in flavor, making it seem bland when contrasted with chocolate cake, which is generally more strongly flavored than yellow cake.  The pairing of apple pie and yellow cake was better--the moistness and layering of the apple, as well as its sharper flavor, contrasted well with the cake.  My least favorite part of the cake, however, was the icing.  Michelle C. hit the nail on the head when she said it tastes exactly like "bettercreme" (i.e., the commercial icing found on many grocery store cakes), which was a major disappointment as I've never been a fan (though at least I can say I was warned in this case!).

Unlike many of the other reviewers, I was asked if I wanted to eat the cake now or later, and was given a piece at room temperature when I specified that I wanted to eat it on the spot.  The guy who helped me specified that if I decided to save some for later, I should put it in the refrigerator--however, as expected, I promptly and unabashedly housed the entire slice, so that wasn't a concern.  While the pumpple cake is worth trying once for curiosity's sake, I won't be going out of my way to get it again.  Based on my own experience, as well as the other reviews, I'll stick to Beiler's to satisfy my baked good fixes when in RTM.
Christ on a cupcake...my life will never be the same. 

The Monkey's chocolate cupcakes are divine. Beyond divine - seriously! I am quite the cupcake connoisseur and I hear by decree that Flying Monkey makes the best cupcakes on the planet.
Somewhat torn with my review, because one of the first stores that caught my eye was was Flying Monkey Bakery.  How could this treat of a place not catch your eye?  Bright toppings on scrumptious looking desserts...we passed this place to get food, but doubled back to have a treat later.  For our visit we got the following:

Chocolate chip Walnut Cookie
Red velvet Whoopie pie
Chocolate Whoopie pie

I started with the Chocolate chip walnut cookie, and guys this thing was amazing.  Moist, fresh walnuts, nice chunks of chocolate and every bite elicited a smile.  If my time with Flying Monkey bakery ended here, it would easily be 5 stars.  

The whoopie pies that we tried were both on the dry side.  Much more firm than how they look, and while the flavors of the red velvet were pretty good, that's about as much as I can give to the pies.

Customer service was nice and friendly and in terms of seats, there are none at the bakery.  But that's okay, because these guys are located in Reading Terminal, and there's plenty of seats around if you look for it.

We only tried Flying Monkey Bakery once, and i'd certainly be up for giving them another shot if and when i'm back in Philly.  For now though, three stars is really all I can give, but that's my opinion.  Go check it out though, and try the Chocolate chip walnut cookie!!
Maybe my expectations were too high. After living in Philly for years, I was psyched to finally try some Flying Monkey. Sadly, from the batter to the frosting to the price, these cupcakes are seriously not worth the hype. 

The cakes are dry. The frosting is way to dense and buttery. So much so that the flavors are over-shined by the butter. Even from an aesthetic standpoint, the cupcakes do not warrant the price. 

Perhaps the popularity of these cupcakes springs from the fact that they are so like homemade. These are not artisanal products.   They are something you can easily make better at home.
What a cool name for a bakery!  Flying Monkey!!  Find them at Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia.  They have so much competition here.  By the time I saw Flying Monkey, my sweettooth was already fully satisfied for the day.  The baked goods I had were alright.  I think I would have been more impressed if I had spotted them earlier and given them a try.  I need to try their Pumpple Cake and Whoopie pies next time.
Big dreams, big eyes, big mouth, big stomach... What is it with guys and their quest to conquer food? The Pumpple cake could definitely go under the Man Vs. Food category. It's the biggest small round cake I've ever seen. It's tall too with three layers if you consider the buttercream frosting. 

On our last trip to Reading Terminal Market my friend was determined to get a slice of the Pumpple cake. I've been hearing about this cake for the past year and could not even imagine what it was all about. Two layers of cake (chocolate and vanilla) with an apple pie and a pumpkin pie baked into it with vanilla buttercream frosting. Oh might I add it was covered in pink and blue sugar crystals? It was beautiful on the outside, a little weird on the inside, but ok... this was legendary cake I was staring at!

If you've never visited the Flying Monkey Bakery, take a trip to the back of the Reading Terminal Market. There you'd find all sorts of confections, cookies, and cupcakes of the Guinness variety and likes. If I ever returned I'd be more enticed by their cupcakes, specifically the pumpkin flavored one. The cakes are way too daunting. Massive is how I'd describe them.

We took our slice of cake to go and ate it a few hours later in the Independence Mall State Park. The cake was cold and needed some time to get to room temperature. It wasn't too sweet although I was avoiding most of the frosting. The cake portion was very dense and a little dry. My favorite part of the cake was the pumpkin pie. The apple was okay but in general it just seemed like two cheapened versions of pie baked into cake. The concept is intriguing. The execution of final product is meh. The Pumpple cake is definitely a novelty. One time is enough. It be better to eat the real versions of all the ingredients separately.

If you're curious about the cake, get to Flying Monkey Bakery early. The cake runs out by noon and I think they only make one a day. We watched them frost the cake in the morning. The Pumpple cake is drool worthy but as for seconds, no thank you.
This Bakery in the Reading Terminal Market is a nice stop for a quick treat or for a full fledged dessert to take home.  This is the place that has the Pumpple Cake which is a Pie Baked inside a cake.  Genius!  I didn't try it as even a slice would have been too much, having just eaten at another place.  We try a Vegan Pumpkin Chocolate Chip cookie and a non-vegan Whoopie Pie.  These were small and a nice treat while perusing the market.
I have known rebecca Michaels since she got her start as a pastry artist in NYC - and I knew her ex husband, too.

How wonderful that we both relocated to Philly just a few months apart.  Her Vermont Cheddar Apple Cake was served way back when at my party on the Upper East side - and now I can just walk over to RTM (Reading Terminal Market) for a blondie or a cupcake whenever I want.  (Diet permitting.)

I wish Rebecca and Flying Monkey all the success in the world!

Keep on baking, ladies (and gent.).

Oh - she used to make great chocolate truffles, too.  Don't know if they are offered these days.

Don't miss the specialty cupcakes.  WOW!!!  She gives Buttercup and Magnolia (bakeshops in NYC) a run for their money.

Go, Monkey, go!!!!
Flying Monkey delivers whoopie pies galore.  Located in Reading Terminal Market, this shop is right in the center and there's a ton of dessert competition around the whole place. They also had a few other desserts such as pies, pumples, and cakes in addition to coffee and teas, but we went with the whoopie pies since that's what they're known for.

We purchased 6 out of 8 flavors (buy 11, get 1 free at a cost of $2.50 each). They survived our 2.5 hour drive and still tasted super fresh when we dug into our box once we got home. I was a big fan of the peanut butter and classic flavors. The cakes were soft and chewy and the fillings were fluffy.

The line may seem long, but it goes by fast. They also accept credit cards via Square.
I've really only ever been to two real 'cupcake' places; Kickass Cupcakes in Cambridge MA, and here.  My major complaints with Kickass Cupcakes were that they were overpriced (2.50-3.50 for a relatively small cupcake) and they were far from kickass.  

Flying Monkey, on the other hand, does it oh so right.  Their signature cupcake is a chocolate cupcake, with chocolate buttercream frosting, and banana filling in the middle.   It tastes even better than it sounds.  And its $2.  They've got other cupcakes that are also pretty good for less. They also have a bunch other delectable sugary treats that would send a diabetic to the ER in seconds.
I came here solely to try the pumpple cake only to find out that they only offer it by the slice seasonally.  Doh!  You can order a whole cake though year round.  Since I waited in line, I decided to get a slice of their Elvis cake.  I thought the banana chocolate chip cake was rather dense and more like a thick piece of bread than a slice of cake.  The peanut butter buttercream was good.  The buttercream didn't scream peanut butter, but just had enough peanut butter flavor to it.   Overall the cake was okay.  I ate half of it and was over it.  The free hazelnut truffle I got for checking in via the Yelp app was tasty.  It reminded me of a cake pop more than a truffle, though.  Either way it was delicious!
Guinness Whoopie Pies - $2.50
This place makes me go "meh."  I love that they have such a variety of flavors; I just don't really like the flavors.  I started eating their cupcakes at Remedy because I'm a sucker for anything lavender.  What a disappointing lavender cupcake!  You can barely taste the flavor.  The only real indication that it's lavender is that your fingers are covered in purple once you're done eating.  At least mine were, but I'm not the neatest person in town.  The underwhelming flavor seems to be a trend here.  Vanilla cupcakes are almost pointless.  The chai cupcakes are fairly good, but too subtle still.  The only thing I had here that I truly enjoyed was the lemon peel cupcake.  What a delicious combination of flavors!  Generally, the icing is way too much like flavored butter rather than flavored buttercream, and the cake is sometimes dry.  Maybe chocolate is the way to go?  I check it out when there's a flavor I see that I'm intrigued by, but Flying Monkey is not my first choice in cupcakes.
Satisfy all your cravings with Flying Monkey goodies.  
Cake? or Pie? 
Pumpkin? or Apple? 
Chocolate? or Vanilla?
Chocolate cake with pumpkin pie baked inside? or Vanilla cake with apple pie baked inside?
Why choose? Let's get creative, and feast your eyes on these desserts. Try the Pumpple Cake (October 1st through March 1st.)

A little too much? No worries! 
Try their mini bundt cakes ($3), mini pies ($5), Whoopie Pies ($2.50) or my absolute favorite Buttenrcake bar ($3).

Three and Half Yelps.
CUPCAKES!!!!  *chomp chomp*

I think this place kicked Sprinkle's in the bootay.  The cupcakes are super moist, and the frosting is so fluffy, flavorful, and not sweet!  You don't get that I need a gallon of milk to wash this down feeling after eating the cupcake.

My favorite flavor is the chocolate one with the chocolate frosting!  I also tried 5 other flavors which were all very delicious!  I love that they taste homemade.
As a kid, my mother grew fresh herbs and edible flowers. So eating flowers was something I didn't know was weird until I was older.

Flying Monkey has cupcakes with lavender frosting and I love, love, LOVE. They also have really nice raspberry frosted cupcakes that are colored with rose petals. I love hippie stuff like that.

I have also tried the spumoni, which is possibly my favorite. It has pistachio icing, strawberry preserves and chocolate cake. The apricot is good, too, but you have to really love apricot to enjoy it because it has preserves in it, too. 

I really like that the frosting is so smooth. It doesn't have little sugar crystals you can feel while you're eating it like some commercial bakeries (that always makes me feel like I'm getting diabetes, gross).

This bakery also sells great brownies, I have had the peanut butter and mint and both were spectacular.
I'm still trying to figure out what's wrong with the icing on these. I've had the strawberry, mimosa, vanilla, and several others (ok, I'm a cupcake freak) and each time, the frosting is entirely too thick, plentiful and greasy. I have to wipe off copious amounts of it just to create a decent balance for the entire treat (yes, cupcakes need balance; laugh if you will). I make my buttercream from scratch and like something a lot lighter than this

The cake itself is a little too dense for my liking, lacking much springiness. But if you like your cupcakes on the thicker side with heavy icing, get them here. Otherwise, I suggest those at Grocery or Naked Chocolate.

One thing Flying Monkey does really well: mint brownies. These are amazing every time. Craving-inducing, even. Also, they do have great service, so that may put them at 2.5 stars.
Today was my second visit to Flying Monkey.  I wasn't impressed when I went several months ago, but enough had time passed that I started to wonder if I had been wrong, given some of the good reviews the Reading Terminal-based bakery receives from others.  My experience this time was mixed.  

Flying Monkey has a tempting, creative array of flavor combinations that enticed me at first, as they did last time.  However, one major flaw I find is that despite the interesting flavors after which their cupcakes are named, all of the cupcakes are either chocolate or vanilla, with none of the flavors actually infused in the cake.  The flavor is found only in the buttercream, which is the second offense with which I take issue.  

Their buttercream tastes like it is made almost entirely out of butter.  Now, don't get me wrong - I am not a butter-hater.  In fact, I insist that my baked goods be made with real butter (and buttercream, of course, can hardly avoid it).  However, there should be an appropriate ratio of butter to other ingredients, and this frosting far exceeds that amount.  It is like eating pure whipped butter, without the necessary amount of sugar to create the right consistency.  

One improvement I encountered since my last visit is that many of their cupcakes are filled with preserves, frosting, and other goodies, which helps to compensate for the lack of variety in cake flavors.  However, it should not be a crutch used to distract from poor-quality cake.  

I had (in order of preference): Lemon Blackberry (vanilla chiffon cake filled with blackberry preserves and topped with lemon buttercream), Spumoni (pistachio buttercream, chocolate cake, and strawberry preserves), Lavender Raspberry (chocolate caked filled with raspberry preserves and topped with lavender buttercream),  and "Flying Monkey" (chocolate cake filled with bananas, frosting, and topped with chocolate ganache).  

Unfortunately, I found that I did not enjoy their chocolate cake.  It lacked density, refinement of texture, and richness of flavor, and left me cold.   It is similar to the Black Magic cake at Betty's Speakeasy, which I didn't enjoy either.  They both need to take chocolate cake-making lessons from Brown Betty's!  The ganache and buttercream in the choco-banana cupcake were both poor and tasteless, but the flavors in the other buttercreams were more pronounced and pleasing.  

The big winner, which I would definitey eat again (especially if the buttercream improved): Lemon Blackberry.  The quality of the vanilla cake was wonderful; it was delicate and had a delicious flavor, striking the perfect balance between sponginess and density.  The lemon and blackberry flavors paired beautifully.  All in all, I'm glad I gave this joint another whirl, but I wish the proportion of winners had been higher!  

Note: They have a $10 credit card minimum.  Most cupcakes cost $2.25.
A little dessert always makes lunch a little sweeter, so we decided to stop at the Flying Monkey Bakery at the Reading Terminal. I was instantly attracted to the name and the unique baked goods, like:

*Apple Bourbon Cake: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Og1HekJMHKqsvtWaUp9V8g?select=xZ9IueBPCJ-vDcTezYy63A
*Bananas Foster Whoopie Pies: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Og1HekJMHKqsvtWaUp9V8g?select=jKR8E9dKGa15SDqMf02Gsg
*Ginger Cookies : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Og1HekJMHKqsvtWaUp9V8g?select=BnMnRcUAz1sHlSVvODz8Tg
*Margarita Cupcakes: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Og1HekJMHKqsvtWaUp9V8g?select=Vvi8ugUzqqJOiZY75u7B1g
*Moon Pies: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Og1HekJMHKqsvtWaUp9V8g?select=54mODoPi4DtJOeUUWpHXZw

The most unique cake of all, Pumplecake, apple pie inside of a vanilla cake on top of a chocolate cake filled with a pumpkin pie: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Og1HekJMHKqsvtWaUp9V8g?select=O7jNQqoDbmnpMKiZiWjG4g 

YUMM, we had a couple ginger cookies, an apple bourbon cake and a moon pie. It was quite decadant and that's the way we like it.
Delicious and oh so cheap! 
The cupcakes looked so friggin good but i got a chocolate chip sandwich cookie that hit the spot. Im a sweets freak and next time im in philly ill be coming here.
Holy hipster haven!

Although this place is a bit pricey, I usually don't mind throwing my last few singles their way for a post-lunch treat. This hipster-run bakery makes all their sweets on site and are definitely worth trecking through the Reading Terminal to check out. The cupcakes are amazingly good and are also the size of your head. Go for the peanut butter cookie sandwich (I usually opt for this since it's bit size and a lot cheaper than the cupcakes) or any of the featured bars (raspberry jam squares, the vermonter, etc...).

Plus, it is pretty amusing to watch hipster chicks mixing cupcake batter with Belle & Sebastian blaring in the background. 

They lose half a star for being so expensive and half a star for never smiling.
I can be such a bakery snob, but considering how many there are I think quality seriously counts when you want to distinguish yourself. Flying Monkey is alright - I wanted to love it because the name is so cute! But after trying various things I just can't bring myself to ever eat something of theirs again. 

I love cupcakes - I make cupcakes to pick up my mood, I'm even making recipes for my sister's books - but I don't like these cupcakes, personally. They're fine if you have an intense craving you just need to satisfy, but I think the cake itself is too dry and reminds me of on the stale side boxed mixes, and the frosting is just...meh. I've also tried their bars, and they seem to have a bit better success there since they're slightly more moist than the cupcakes. Nothing too special, though. Haven't tried the whoopie pies but I hope they are good - they LOOK good.

And then recently at our friends' rehearsal dinner we got to try their now infamous pie-baked-into-cakes. Two layers, one chocolate with pumpkin pie and the other vanilla with apple pie, frosted with vanilla buttercream. It was digusting. The cake was even more dry than the cupcakes, the pies were just so-so and did NOTHING to make the cake overall taste better, and the frosting? I could use that to seal cracks in my wall. Gross, hard, BUTTERcream indeed. Waste of money. Just take the concept and make your own if you want to try one! I'll even make it for you, and believe me it will be 10 times better.
I've only tried the cupcakes at the Flying Monkey, so I cannot vouch for any of the other items they sell there.  The first time I tried their cupcakes they were terrific and very moist and fresh, but unfortunately they are not consistent with the quality.  The next couple of times I was dissappointed, the cake was very dry and not nearly delicous.  Also I'm not a fan of their frosting as it is a bit on the heavy side.  If I want cupcakes I'll head over to Naked Chocolate, at least they are consistently delicious and fresh...and their staff is much more pleasant.
The whoopie pies here are so good! The cakes are moist and the cream inside is a perfect compliment. Just the right amount of sugary goodness! I went back the next day to get 2 more. 

Tried the tiramisu cupcake...didn't please my taste buds so I'll stick to the whoopie pies for now ;-)
Great customer service! My brother recently moved to the area and I wanted to have a sweet something sent to him. I called Flying Monkey and Rebecca took care of making sure that he had a dozen wonderful cupcakes on his doorstep the next morning. He reports that the cupcakes are amazing!
The brownies were dry, and the cupcakes have barely any frosting on them.  I am NOT a cupcake fan but especially get peeved when I see barely any frosting on them.  Boo!

But my biggest complaint is the coffee.  There is a big sign that says coffee that attracts patrons over there, but they only have a measly tiny cup to fill - no large sizes.  So it was a crappy small serving size for $1.50+!  I did not find that acceptable.  

After sampling this place, I must say that I think you can get better desserts and larger coffee elsewhere in this establishment.
There was something really wrong with these cupcakes. Besides the fact they were almost frozen, the chocolate frosting was odd..I have no idea what kind of chocolate that could have been. Jeff had the raspberry frosting which was better but not by much.

I threw the rest of mine away which is saying a lot for me.
Woohoo! Authentic Whoopie pies I had ever from this place of origin. Always many people here. 

Pies were great and creative. They had Irish Guinness, pumpkin and others. Price was reasonable. We went there in the late afternoon, not many pies left.
The Reading Terminal Market reminded me of the Granville Market in Vancouver, Canada, or the Grand Central Market in Los Angeles, and to some extent Pike Place in Seattle.  I'm sure like those markets, this market changed over the years.  Even though its semi touristy, the prices are not completely outrageous, and its a feast for the eyes and senses.

I did stop at Flying Monkey Bakery and was told I had to get the Butter Cake, which were amazingly good (but messy!).  My boyfriend looked up the Butter Cake, and its of German decent.  I can't really describe it, but it's soft, gooey, and well, buttery. 

If I had a car (or more luggage space) I would have purchased more goodies.
Simply divine.  Delicious cookies. The monkey bar, with chocolate and banana, is amazing!  

Pick up a cup of coffee at Old City Coffee at the market, then head to Flying Monkey for pastries.  Settle in at a table for pure bliss.

I hear the cupcakes are good, too.  I haven't made my way through all of their offerings yet.
I'm a bakery snob. This place is not a "patisserie" to me. It's an American bakery and there is nothing wrong with that.

The whoopie pie selection is pretty solid. I settled for a bananas foster whoopie pie. It was downright delicious. For $2.50, it wasn't cheap, but it was good.

They also have spumoni cupcakes, which is pretty darn rare to find. The cupcakes here aren't the prettiest when it comes to frosting presentation, but it's the cake itself that counts.

The $10 minimum on card is pretty beat, but the snacks are pricey enough that you can add it all up quick. The staff was very friendly when I arrived, which is a major plus.

Pummple cake...this is the home of the pummple cake, a massive cake combination that can't possibly be awesome. A jack of all trades is typically a master of none.
Flying Monkey is situated in a great location not far from the common seating area.   That location served it well and I beelined it for their area afterwards. 

So many desserts were catching my eye but I couldn't order everything.   One dessert however caught my eye.   It was something called a butter cake that almost looked like a lemon bar.

I had a minor annoyance that wasn't the fault of Flying Monkey.   I already detailed about it in my review of Reading Market so won't rehash it again.   But it made my purchase of my slice of butter cake most interesting. 

I was trying to ration my piece of butter cake but I couldn't resist eating the whole thing.   It was so good I went back for more the next day and also picked up some Chocolate Buttercake as well. 

Service was pretty friendly as well.   Pretty solid place overall.
I like to try their cake of the month. For September, it's campfire cake. Chocolate cake with marshmallow frosting. I was lucky to get freshly cut cake. Very delicious.
They have great cookies. My favorite is the peach ginger oatmeal. A delightful original combination for a cookie. Slightly sweet with a light ginger taste and a Georgia peach flavor.  I will order this cookie over and over again, with a little exercising in between...
Don't see the hype with their whoopie pies and cupcakes.

Bread was not moist enough, the icing, while not overly sweet, left much to be desired. It just tasted like whipped unsalted butter with a hint of flavor. I dunno. Did not do it for me.
Flying Monkey is right next to the center seating area of RTM, which is convenient if you're craving something sweet after having lunch. They have everything from cakes to an assortment of Whoopie Pies, but I went with a couple slices of German Butter Cake. Not bad!

The cake has a sweet top and bottom crust, while the middle is thick and "gooey" in texture--and I mean that in a good way. Each bite melts in your mouth, while the filling brings a sweet, smooth, and truly buttery taste. I bought a couple of slices for $7. They also sell whole Butter Cakes for $12.

I'd say it's more of a 3.5/5, but I rounded up to a 4-star because of the friendly service. If I do try anything else, I'd maybe go with a slice of Pumpple Cake.
Stopped by here during a recent visit to Reading Terminal Market. We tried a few things. The fruity pebbles treat(like rice krispy treat but fruity pebbles) was a nice twist on the classic with a sweet fruity flavor. My brother got a cupcake, the icing wasn't anything to write home about so I'd probably skip this if I were you. 

The cookie dough brownie though was a knockout. Delicious fudgey brownie topped with a thick layer of yummy cookie dough and a rich coating of chocolate ganache. This was amazinggggg, specially cause we were patient and warmed it up when we got home. I would definitely go back for that brownie!
I cannot visit the RTM and not make a pitstop at Flying Monkey. I fly. I like monkeys. I love baked goods. I went in for a single cupcake, and then scored a cake truffle for checking in. Then I saw the red velvet whoopie pie... and then the marshallow s'more square... and then the lemon lavender mni--bundt cake. It would appear that I cannot simply order a single item at Flying Monkey for the life of me. 

I don't mess around when it comes to dessert nor do the fabulous folks at FM. They have the perfect icing-to-cake ratio on their cupcakes, and better yet the frosting isn't cloying and the cake is nice and moist. On my first visit to FM over a year ago, I stuck to what I knew: cupcakes. I was tickled pink this time around and thankful I let my stomach dictate which items I should bring home to try. Going out of my comfort zone is hard, but the flavor combinations of their baked goods are interesting without having a "why would anyone ever eat that" approach. What really caught my eye was the unique twists on some very familiar snacks such as a red velvet cake and the campfire accompaniment of the s'more. 

Some may balk at the pricing, but to be perfectly honest, I am surprised that FM isn't charging more. The keep their prices accessible which is hard in a specialized farmers' market with RTM, especially with other bakeries and Lancaster Country Amish Farmers drawing in many of the tourists. FM is one of those establishments where you truly get what you pay for: quality products, stellar service, and a belly full of baked goods bragging rights. Get there early as the hot ticket items do sell out quickly, or not... it may push you to spread your wings a little and try something new and funky.
Delicious cupcakes with innovative flavors.  The Rose -- raspberry frosting with white pound cake -- and the JB -- chocolate cake with Jim Beam frosting -- were both delish.  
Cupcakes are $1.75 each  and seriously stand up against NYC Magnolia bakery
Take 1: We pay for 2 cupcakes (1 vanilla with hazelnut, 1 chocolate with rose buttercream frosting) and proceeded to eat it while walking to ANOTHER bakery in Reading Terminal.  With icing all over my face and hands and a little trail of cake crumbs around the market, I decide I must have more. 

Take 2: Upon wolfing down cupcake, we return to Flying Monkey to get cupcake to go.  I also eye the Monkey bars and decide that one needed to come with me too.

I am a sucker for cupcakes with buttercream frosting.  These normal-sized cupcakes were only $2 (in DC, they're usually at least $3, sometimes even $4) and tasted better when you let it sit out at room temperature for a little bit.  The cake was moist and there was JUST enough frosting.
this has to be said. the CUPCAKES at the flying monkey at the reading terminal are terrible. TERRIBLE. i really like cake, so i mean, it's really hard for me to HATE a cupcake. i am particular about frostings so i don't really include that in the equation, but the cake itself... i am pretty lenient in my assessments.

well, the one at flying monkey is so terrible. and i am going off on this rant because i had it for the second time a few weeks ago. the first time i tried a cupcake there, i was so disgusted i THREW IT AWAY. if you knew me, you'd realize that it takes a lot for me to throw away food, especially cake, but i did.

the cake is DENSE, so dense you forget it's cake. but it's not dense in a moist way, similar to a pound cake. no, it's just dense, but also crumbly. sigh. and the frosting is neither light like whipped frostings, or creamy like a buttercream one. it's almost gelatinous. ALSO, full disclosure: i think the reason i'm so vocal about this cupcake is that it gets written up a lot for having very delicious baked goods, cupcakes in particular.

SIGH.

TO BE FAIR, i've had a lemon bar from the flying monkey before and it was pretty tasty. so i suspect their other baked treats are quite edible/enjoyable. but don't get the cupcakes. don't be fooled by their pretty colors and semi-interesting sounding flavors... they are the yucks.

WHAT WE ATE
peanut butter plaid: chocolate cupcake + peanut butter buttercream
the cupcake i had (my second, ever from here) was called "peanut butter plaid" and was basically chocolate cake with peanut butter frosting. as i said before, the cake was dense and dry. the frosting tasted like a watered down version of peanut butter - so less the flavor, less the creaminess. sadface. i threw this one out too after a few bites.

flyin' hawaiian: vanilla cake + pineapple coconut buttercream + crushed macadamia nuts
friend CC ordered this one for dessert. he got mad at me for letting him buy a cupcake from the flying monkey. he also threw his cupcake out.
The coconut cream pie is delicious. The meringue is perfectly brûléed. The filling is creamy and I can taste the coconut extract. Highly recommend.
While visiting Sank and Natasha in Philly this was a spot that we heard a lot about since Sank had been wanting to try the Pumpple Cake ($8/slice). It's a layer of each apple pie in vanilla cake and pumpkin pie in chocolate cake with frosting between and on top. Well turns out it's only offered during certain times of the year (probably right now if you go quick) and it wasn't in season when we visited in August.

Well no pumpple cake for us so we peered into the cases to determine what plan B would be. Sank picked out three different whoopie pie flavors for his family and Justin and I split a butter cake and chocolate brownie. I tried a smidge of Sank's lavender whoopie pie and wasn't nearly as impressed as his toddler was, but she was probably significantly more hungry than I was seeing as she'd thrown most of her lunch at her mom. The brownie was better and was a very generous portion size but all of the pastries suffered from having been refrigerated. It's sorta like if beer is over chilled - it takes away all of the good flavors. A sign indicates that their product is chilled for freshness and transport but I fear that may also indicate that they wouldn't otherwise be fresh at all (were they baked that morning? the day before?) 

The competition at Reading Terminal is steep and I think I'd try out a lot of the other sweet shops before heading back to sample any more of Flying Monkey's offerings.
Located within the Reading Terminal Market, this patisserie offers a wide selection of baked good, including but not limited to a unique array of cupcakes.  The Flyin' Hawaiian (I think that's what it was named) was an interesting mix of pineapple, coconut and macadamia nut.  In theory this would've made a dynamite cupcake flavor, but the overwhelming macadamia nut flavor overpowered what little pineapple and coconut I can taste.  The blueberry cupcake had an amazingly powerful blueberry buttercream frosting flavor that was able to stand up to the chocolate cake.  Overall the quality of the cake and frosting in the cupcakes were top notch: moist yet light cake and the perfect blend of sweet and creamy (European?) buttercream frosting.  I'll definitely hit this place up again!
I absolutely loved their pecan pie bars! HOLY COW! 
Love at first bite. 

Although, I've tried their red velvet cupcakes and they were meh for me. 

I miss Reading Terminal already...wished we had one out here.
In the mood for a sweet treat following lunch on Tuesday, my beau and I swung by Flying Monkey for some whoopie (pies). We nabbed one each of the whoop-wich (or Cookie Whoopie?) and the red velvet whoopie pie for a total of $5. A little steep on the price for the size, or so we thought.  However, after we each took bites of our respective pies, I believe that these are just as delicious and satisfying as the insanity of $4-5 cupcakes I've seen all over the place.

The cookie whoop-wich was a nice welcome change from the classic whoopie pie, with a sweet filling and a crunchier cookie outside.  This was right up my alley.  The red velvet satisfied my beau's SUPER sweet tooth with rich cream cheese-like filling and a soft, chewy texture for the outside.  

BONUS?! Check in on foursquare and you get a free pin. Imagine how jealous your friends will be of the "I Heart (picture of a whoopie pie)" pin you are sporting around town when fashion week hits....

I also have to say that the fellow working the bakery that day was funny, personable, and friendly, which added yet another layer of sweet to this experience.  I WISH they were a teensy bit cheaper, if only so I could buy more, but I can recognize the value as being not-unreasonable.  Can't wait to go back and try some other goodies.
I had heard quite good things about Flying Monkey, never tried it, so Went there with my Best friend & 4 cupcakes @ $9.00 later, WOw, little high for regular size cupcakes , when I can can get 0.80 a cupcake for butter-cream ones at my Famous L & M Bakery in Delran, NJ. He is connoisseur of cupcakes & cakes, he took one bite, it was like eating pure whipped butter, not enough confectioners sugar , or vanilla extract ratio was gross. He didn't eat it ..I ate mine but it was only slight hint of flavor to them. So I don't know what the customers are used to , my own butter-cream I make at home way better then theirs..it was Straight butter..not good at all!! Not going back..Ughh!! Just imagine taking unsalted butter adding little color , touch of flavor putting in your mouth.. just gross!!!!!!
Flying Monkey is hit or miss... I'm gonna let you know what I mean by that.

Hit: The brownies and blondies are definitely hittin. I had never actually had a blondie before this place. They use so much butter that after sitting for a while they really become saturated to the point where they taste like cookie dough... well I happen to like cookie dough. And the waxed paper they're wrapped in end up looking like a greased cookie sheet. You might find the richness extreme. Not to mention there's a great variety (although not all of them are always available). 

Miss: I've had whoopie pies from here on a few occasions and it's interesting that what makes these a "miss" is actually why I like them. Like others have said, their cakes are on the dry side and the icing isn't as glamorous as what you may find in other places, but that's what keeps my whoopie pies from being an absolute mess after flopping around in a bag all day. If I snack on the run I want ZERO MESS. NONE! The most I get with these is some loose crumbs. So for me it's really about utility over taste. They're not bad... I always get pumpkin and red velvet despite their lack flavor.

I do want to try the pumple cake sometime... when that will be I couldn't tell you. All I can say otherwise is choose carefully. You may stop in for a treat, but you may not be in for a treat.
Philadelphia a is a great city for Vegans. There is one drawback though: Reading Terminal Market's dearth of vegan options. Reading Terminal Market was one of the first places I spent a lot of time in Philly. My future wife and I would get the smoked turkey special at the Hatville Farms sandwich counter and I would enjoy browsing a local institution that my native New York had no match for.

Alas, Reading Terminal is not very vegan-friendly even in the year 2013! Even the Basic 4 Veggie stand closed! The good news is that a quite good vegan dessert can be found there at Flying Monkey.

Flying Monkey regularly has three vegan options: a chocolate chip cookie that I have not tried, vegan whoopie pies which are good and a chocolate cupcake with vanilla frosting.

I will focus on the cupcake because that is the best. The last time I had it I bought it when I arrived at the market and then ordered and ate lunch. Flying Monkey's display cases keep the items very cold. I do not recommend eating their products when you buy them. Let them come up to temperature as I did with that cupcake. When I finally bit into it I was really impressed. It was delicious. Just the fight amount of sweetness and chocolate and vanilla flavors. I usually don't kvell for vanilla frosting but this frosting really did it for me. 

My hope is that Flying Monkey will expand its vegan offerings. They are off to a great start.
Aww buck up cupcake.  I know it's hard looking so delicious and cute, and I don't blame you for literally crumbling under the pressure of my anticipation of your sweetness.  But your frosting hat... it just sorta tasted like plain butter... and you were just so dry.. sigh.
I really, really, really wanted to love Flying Monkey's cupcakes.  I mean cupcakes make people happy and who doesn't love their logo?

I had seen the store in the Reading Terminal a few years back and always wanted to go.  A few months back there was a groupon where for $7.00 you can get 6 cupcakes.  I bought it, giving me a reason why I had to go visit.  

The lady behind the counter was really friendly and let me know that my groupon was valid for any of the cupcakes with the exception of their really huge ones.  She also let me know that most of their cupcakes were iced with butter cream, so like butter, keep the cupcakes at room temperature so they don't get hard.  

I was so excited when choosing the flavors, this was serious business! 

I decided on Lavender, Black Velvet,Tiramisu, Vanilla butter cream on Vanilla cake, Cookies and Cream and Chocolate butter cream on Chocolate cake.  

I brought them home where I cut each cake into 3rds since 3 of us were eating these and I wanted everyone to have a taste of each cake.

The one thing that stood out to us it the butter taste of the icing.  It was so much butter.  Someone said that they felt that they were just eating a stick of butter and that wasn't good.    

Black Velvet - 2 of us liked this one the best.  I really enjoyed the cream cheese icing.  

Cookies and Cream - my boyfriend liked this one the best. 

Tiramisu - it was chocolate cake with a coffee flavored icing and chocolate shavings.  I felt that the coffee flavor was way too strong.

The regular chocolate and vanilla just stood out because of the overbearing butter in the icing.  

Lavender- This was the one I was most excited about and sadly this is the one that got the lowest votes from all.  It was hardcore butter meets really strong lavender flavor.  

I think I would only ever get the black velvet again, which makes me so sad because I had such high hopes.
Two words: HOMEMADE MARSHMALLOW.

Okay, a few more now too...dipped in chocolate. coated with oreo crumbs. 

S'MOREO!

I picked up this lovely treat during a stroll through the market on Saturday evening. The service was super friendly, the shop was adorable and evening the little monkey logo stamped on the bag made it feel pretty special.
They raised prices to $3 for a Whoopie pie. Way too expensive for the size IMO. Also, the cake truffles are ridiculously too sweet. I don't recommend.
I think these monkeys fly so high because of the sugar rush. And after taking a bite out of one of their decadent brownies I think that I'm going to end up being among them.

I've heard some great things about their cupcakes and cookies. But it was brownie time for me and the Santa Fe delivered. it was chocolate on chocolate with just a tinge of spice in the after taste (Cayenne pepper if I remember right.) smoking! I was torn between getting another brownie, or going for a cookie. So when I saw the Blondies I was sold. Best chocolate chip cookie bar EVER! super huge too!

When it comes to desserts at Reading Terminal Beiler's is still the first choice. But I know where I'm going when I want to fly high later. Monkey Dance!
While Flying Monkey may be a bit on the pricey side, for the quality of it's product it is totally understandable. Easily the best bakery in Reading Terminal Market, and probably all of Philadelphia, there is no wonder why so many people go out of their way to come by for a visit. I rarely have sweets, maybe once or twice a week, but when I do I make sure to get them from Flying Monkey. My fiancee cannot get enough of the Red Velvet Whoopee Pies, along with the flour free Monster Cookies, and I cannot keep my hands off their Cheesecake Brownies and Elvis Whoopee Pies. Most places in Reading Terminal are known for having a less than cordial staff, especially during the busy lunch time rush hours (12-2), however at Flying Monkey I have never been treated with anything but courtesy and respect. The tallish blonde guy who I frequently order from at the counter is super nice and funny and always goes out of his way to make me feel welcome.

As many reviewers have noted, the price can be kind of steep, however it is completely justified when you find out (you can see them making all their baked goods as the entire place is ringed with glass allowing for a full view of the kitchen) that they use only the finest ingredients and do everything fresh. Highly recommend for anyone who is looking for desert while shopping in Reading Terminal, or anyone who has a sweet tooth in general.
Good grief. I wish I never passed this way while wandering through Reading Terminal. I saw the display of cupcakes and was intrigued by the colorful arrangement. I was jumping between customers in line because they were blocking my view. (If any of you are reading this, I wasn't stalking - you were just in my way.) After going back and forth in my head, I settled for a plain chocolate icing cupcake. The cake part was really smooth and melted in my mouth, but I thought the icing was just okay. It was kind of disappointing after seeing it look so good on display. 

If I remember correctly, this was also the place where my brother bought me a mint chocolate brownie. It was very moist and rich, but it was too sweet for me. I'm a mint chocolate ice cream gal, and this tasted like a holiday peppermint. Don't get me wrong, it was a little too good and really really minty.  I'm a sucker for brownies, cookies, cupcakes, and...I'll stop here. I know I'll be back and then afterwards is when I'll start my diet.
I was hoping for a donut from Beiler's last Sunday morning and willing to stand in the line that wraps around their counter, but little did I know they would be closed. So looking for a sweet morning treat, my husband and I ended up at The Flying Monkey. We must have hit this spot on a bad day because I just don't understand all the glowing reviews. 

We each ordered a coconut macaroon, my husband had the cheese cake brownie while I got the bourbon apple cake. The macaroons were crunchy and dry. To be honest I spent most of the rest of the morning picking coconut out of my teeth. The brownie and apple cake were overly sweet, so much so we could not eat them. For us a waste of nearly $9 as we ended up throwing out the brownie and cake. Their sweets look delicious, but looks can be deceiving!
They always have cake of the month. For October I had pumpkin and caramel cake. Very delicious, not heavy on the pumpkin spice. The caramel is great complement to the flavor. The cake is moist.

Don't forget to check in with yelp to get free cake truffle.

Very friendly and helpful
What the heck happened to the Cuppy Cakes?!? All I see are Whoopie Pies! Don't get me wrong, who doesn't love a good Whoopie Pie, but just a few measly Cupcakes all the way at the bottom of the display? Just not right!

We tried one of each of the Cupcakes, my fav was the Cranberry Orange because it has Orange Icing in the middle. But where are the Lavender and Pistachio Cupcakes I love?!?

We also tried one of each of the Whoopie Pies. These were delicious! Too bad half of the ones we ordered were hard as rocks. Day old? Try 3... 

The Pumpple Cake, WOW. We ordered 2 slices and they were like a lb each! At 1800 cal a piece, this thing was a beast! An Apple Pie baked into Pound cake, atop a layer of Pumpkin Pie baked into Chocolate cake. Tasted good but nothing spectacular. It was more a novelty cake. Close to an inch of Butter cream on top, 2 inches of buttercream in between the pies, and another inch outside, its just a TON of buttercream. I'm thinking about saving it to make another cake, there's THAT much buttercream. But at $8 a slice, it's a steal!

The Eggnog Cake Truffle... had a hint of eggnog and reminded me a bit of a rumball but just had hard cake inside. No chocolate or ganache, It was a stale cakeball soaked in an eggnoggish syrup. 

I miss the creative cupcakes but all in all I'd go back for cupcake but I'd no longer go out of my way for one like I used to.
5 stars for the amazing, delicious, I can't get enough of the classic whoopie. Waited online since my boyfriend saw them making it and was dying to try it.  I said I'll try some of yours and I quickly ran back on line for my own. Soft chocolate cake shells with a creamy filling inside.  I absolutely loved it.  Before we left, we went back for more for the road.  Must try!!!!!
I stopped in two days in a row during a recent visit to Philadelphia, and tried as much as I could both times. Overall, I wasn't blown away by any of my cupcakes. The best part was that they didn't overdo it on the icing. Even though I typically LOVE excessive icing, the lack of icing was a nice change of pace. I also loved the variety. Both days, I was left staring face-to-face with an abundance of new cupcake flavors...all of which looked and sounded delicious. Unfortunately, none of them really ever lived up to the absurd expectations that I had created while drooling at the counter. Were they good? Yep. Were they amazing? Not particularly.

What WAS amazing? The oatmeal cookie sandwiches that were filled with icing and raisins. That particular treat was what really brought me back for the second day, and I'm glad they had more that day!

I also loved the service. The people at the counter were really nice and didn't make me feel like I was annoying them with my numerous questions about the cupcakes and my over-thinking of which things to order.

I'd love to give the Flying Monkey 5 stars for the oatmeal cookie sandwiches and the awesome service, but the cupcakes just couldn't sway me that high. I'd definitely go back, though, and try it again. I'd also recommend it to anyone...just make sure you get one of those cookie sandwiches to guarantee happiness!
What an atrocious display of customer service.  My interaction with Elizabeth (the owner) was dreadful from the beginning.  I walked up to the counter and asked what type of cake was in the showcase she so rudely indicated "it's printed on the sign".  I refused to engage and advise her that there are two cakes and one sign.  I digress, she then explains the cakes, I choose one, her response "the whole cake", yes the whole cake, she then tells me it serves 25 and do I really need a cake the big.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME....I then explain to her that my immediate family is 16 people, her response "lucky you".  At this point I'm ready to walk away but I can't because I have people for dinner and have zero time to purchase a cake.  I then spent $75 on a cake that she almost dropped and her fingers hit the side.  What a disgrace of a bakery I will never spend a dime there again.  Consider yourself warned go anywhere but here, this owner is condescending and doesn't give a damn about business.
They didn't produce any lavender cupcake when i was there but i did end up getting a fruit pebble rice crispy treat which was sweet and chewy to soften the disappointment, luckily I didn't go in there specifically for them and just so happened to come across their store while walking to get coffee inside the market place.  Still delicious!
YUM! I love their cupcakes! They also make for a wonderful replacement for a birthday cake... This past Saturday, I decided to bake an Apple Cake for my partner's 30th Birthday. It got stuck in the Bundt Pan, by the time I got the cake out it was massacred and crumbled all over our dining room table... I was in a panic! Luckily I had to go to the Reading Terminal to pick up some shrimp and veggies. I ran to the counter and was so excited to get to mix and match my own dozen of cupcakes!! The service was outstanding and the cupcakes were AWESOME! Thank you Flying Monkey for saving my ass!!
I was having a hard time deciding which cake to order from Flying Monkey...Black Velvet, Peanut Butter Cup, Guinness or Flourless Chocolate. 

I ordered a small Black Velvet cake on Wednesday to be picked up Friday. I stopped by the Market before catching my train home. Unfortunately, there was a mix-up and the cake was never baked.  :-(

I didn't have time to wait for a new cake to be baked (there was a train to catch), but there were tons of apologies and the ladies at Flying Monkey offered me a dozen cupcakes on the house to make up for the mistake.  I took home four flavors: black velvet, espresso, peanut butter and Irish cream.  They were wonderful!

What could have been a negative situation turned out well, thanks to their quick thinking.
Maybe they were old but the cupcakes I ate were dry and not sweet enough. I had a vanilla. My son had a cookies and cream. Even he said the frosting was hard. Like a dried out middle of an Oreo. And my cake ball was gelatinous.

Other two kids enjoyed their whoopsie pies. 

Cashier was very nice.
I've heard (and read) so many fantastic reviews on this spot that I decided to forgo Naked Chocolate for this joint during my last visit to Philly.  What a mistake.

They have a fair selection of cupcakes as well as other desserts (brownies, dessert bars, cookies, etc.)  The lavender seemed a little....wrong to me, so I went with your basic chocolate, vanilla, and coconut.  Okay, it was actually "Blue Velvet" but chocolate/red-blue velvet is all the same.  

The cake - dense, heavy, a bit dry and somewhat flavorless.

The frosting looked good - yellowish tinge to let you know there was a lot of butter in the process.  BUT, basically that's what the frosting was - butter and a little sugar and not a whole hell of a lot of flavor.  And frankly, kind of greasy.  Not impressed.  

I still maintain - although I haven't been to a lot of cupcake joints in the City of Brotherly Love - that The Naked Chocolate Cafe is your best bet for delicious cupcakes.
Wow, this place was a disappointment. 2.25-2.50 for hard as a rock, weirdly flavored cupcakes. 
I bought the lavender, meyer lemon, guinness, peanut butter, and creme brulee. The lavender was absolutely disgusting and tasted like they threw body lotion on top of a cupcake, and sold it . The meyer lemon was extremely sugary and did not have much of a lemon taste to it. The guinness was very oddly flavored and did not taste like guinness at all. The peanut butter was very very rich and way too peanut buttery. All you tasted was the frosting. The creme brulee tasted a little bit like french toast, and was the only cupcake that I would even consider eating if it was the last cupcake available on earth. 
The icing on all of the cupcakes was hard as a rock, and the presentation of the cupcakes made them look like they were iced by my 5 year old cousin. Nasty all around.
Expensive, but the pistachio icing alone earns it 5 stars. I recommend letting them warm up to room temperature. Their display case makes them a little too cool.

UPDATE

I was at Reading Terminal in late June and sure enough, they did not have Pistachio icing. I'm taking them down a star.

FURTHER UPDATE:

Went there July 3. Pistachio is back. One flaw though: they put these green sugar crystals on top. They take away from the pistachio flavor. Still, a strong cupcake and worthy of the $2 during a visit to Reading Terminal.

Still worth trying when in Reading Terminal
Donut Muffin: A++
Heavenly muffin with a gooey banana filling.  So soft and moist--it melts in your mouth.

Hazelnut Whoopie Pie: A
Delicious.  Everything a whoopie pie should be...but didn't knock my socks off like the  DONUT MUFFIN.
I have some misgivings about writing this review becuase I feel like maybe I should try some additional items before reviewing. So maybe in the future I'll do updates. I specifically went to the Flying Monkey with a buddy of mine. Two large men headed down to the Reading Terminal after he heard about the Pumpple Cake on morning news tv. Once we arrived there were all types of treats but we were on a mission for the Pumpple Cake. 

First i have to say I was "underwhelmed" with the young woman who helped us. Clearly we were excited to have found this famous treat and she couldnt have cared less and seemed eager to only ring us up and move on with her life. I know thats not a death sentence but thats not the type of service people typically give in Reading Terminal Market. Its a very "Philly" place. People are friendly and helpful without being annoying or a pain in the ass.

Then the cake itself was surprisingly just ok. It was decent cake but nothing to make a return visit for and definitely not worth $8.00 a slice. It was a bit dry and bland to tell the truth. I was really disappointed but would defintiely go back and try other items before writing the place off.
We found the Flying Monkey on yelp, but when we got there (around 5pm), there wasn't much of a selection left, so I got both the Hansel and Gretel chocolate and vanilla cupcakes (which are HUGE), and the lavender buttercream. The cupcakes were pretty good, but I thought the thick layer of frosting was only okay. Also couldn't resist trying their peanut butter brownies, which were SOOO GOOOD.
Just not as good as the other "cupcakeries" in town.  The icing, as many others have mentioned, is like a stick of butter has been smeared on top of what is too often, a too-dry cupcake.  The brownies are better, but you have better dessert options in the Terminal.

Too bad, because when it first opened, Flying Monkey offered cakes by the slice and could have been a much-needed (and much-visited) dessert spot.
I recently took my husband to his first trip to the Reading Terminal, and new we had to stop for something at the Flying Monkey after seeing the pumpple cake on Outrageous Foods.  $8 for what's essentially four slices of cake/pie is really quite reasonable.  However, I opted for a more modest Hard Apple Cider cupcake at $2.50.  I let them know I was taking my cupcake to enjoy at home and they gave me instructions on what to do if the trip was going to be a little bit before I would actually indulge.  And indulge I did!  The yellow cake was moist and buttery.  The hard apple cider butter cream icing was insane.  And the butter cream was so decadent and rich and was accented by the dusting of cinnamon sugar.  One of the best cupcakes I've had in a while!
Flying Monkey is my go-to bakery at the Reading Terminal Market.  I have tried several others, but finding myself going back to Flying Monkey.  It is not the best location in the market, so the lines are often a little less crowded.

My favorites are the double chocolate M&M cookie and the cheesecake brownie.  Today, I got a red velvet whoopee pie.  The thing I like best about their wide variety of whoopee pies is that they do not overstuff them with icing and their cakes are a little firmer and drier than you normally find in a whoopee pie.  This allows you to eat it without making a mess of yourself and, even better, more easily share some with your friends!
Now boarding at Reading Terminal Market, Flying Monkey's non-stop flight to cupcake deliciousness....

$2 is a bargain price to pay for the happy, satisfied feeling I get when visiting the Flying Monkey.  The cupcakes are good, the aviator monkey is adorable and the frosting -- ooohhhh buttercream frosting.... *drool*  I wish I could buy a bucket of that stuff - they should sell that on South Street as body frosting, but that's a whole other review I suppose.

Some of the cakes can be a little dry (the chocolate ones stay pretty moist but the vanilla seems to dry up faster) but the frosting is perfect.  Did I mention how great the buttercream is?

Bottom line - you will be in serious cupcake heaven here, especially with the Espresso Buttercream Cupcake.  A flying monkey with aviator glasses, a scarf and a cupcake?  What's not to love?!
The banana whoppie pies are perfect. omg, I can't even type the name without salivating. I look forward to them sharing them with family for special occasions and when I just want to buy a case and horde them all to myself!
Whenever I need to bring desserts anywhere, I get them from Flying Monkey. The cupcakes are light, buttery, and delicious, but it's the frosting that really makes everyone swoon. I followed the instructions given to me by the counter gal and let the cupcakes come back up to room temperature before I enjoyed them. They keep the cupcakes in a fridge case so that their customers who are traveling will get them home without melty frosting all over the containers. Since I have a long commute, the cupcakes are always perfect when I get to where I'm going. If you can't wait, they'll happily "take the chill off" for you. 

I can see how people would be unimpressed by the frosting if they ate it cold, but who eats cold cake? Ew. They have signs up, and even though I'm a regular, they remind me every time to let the cupcakes come to room temp. If you ate them cold and were disappointed, that's not the bakery's fault, it's yours.

The cupcakes are $2.50 each, with a discount if you buy a dozen. The rest of the treats are priced in that range. That's cheap for an awesome cupcake made right in front of you with simple ingredients and creative flavors. The pecan bars are $3.50, but I'd pay more than that in a heartbeat for their crazy good shortbread-caramel-pecan wonder bars. Oh my god, they are so good. I can't even. 

The cream cheese frosting in the whoopie pies and on the carrot cupcakes is to die for. It's the perfect balance of sweetness and a teensy bit of salt. I would eat it with a spoon if I had a little bit less self control. 

Also try: butter cake, donut muffins, oatmeal whoopie pies, fancy brownies, the richest, most buttery chocolate chip cookies I've ever tasted, and the coffee! Flying Monkey uses One Village coffee, and it is so, so good. It's worth stopping by just for the best coffee in the market.

(updated to reflect the $0.25 price change for pecan bars.)
I walked by and wasn't planning on getting anything at first, but their goods looked so good I decided to just get some things. Luckily, there was no line so I was able to grab what I wanted quickly. 

I tried the chocolate and mint whoopie pie, cookie, and cheesecake brownie. The whoopie pie was sooooo good! I loved the mint filling - not too sweet at all. The cookie was the perfect texture - not too soft and not too crispy. I shared all my goods with a couple of friends and THEY ALL LOVED THE CHEESECAKE BROWNIE. It's just a good balance of chocolatey brownie with a cheesecake top that just tasted so delicious! 

Keep in mind they have a minimum for CC charges, but it's not difficult to meet that. It's difficult to decide what to get from their selection of goodies!
This is just for the pummple cake. 

Everything looked good, but I guess it was too good to be true for the pumpple cake. what should have been an unholy marriage of flavor felt like an underwhelming kid's birthday party around thanksgiving time. The vanilla cake was the only thing that I remotely enjoyed. everything else on this bad boy was - bad. Its as if someone took all the ingredients from Walmart's bakery and combined them. It wasnt worth getting, and it certainly wasnt worth the calories for finishing it. Do yourself a favor and skip this.
Had a good experience here! Staff was super friendly. I got the fruity pebbles bar (YUM) and the BF got the chocolate chip coconut cookie (it was ok) and we also got a mint truffle (free with yelp check-in, also ok).

The line was short and sweet and it satisfied our sweet tooth craving. I would probably stop by again to try out some other items on the menu.
They changed owners and the new owner is changing the entire menu very gradually (although that is totally appropriate if its her new bakery). However, whoopie pies are replacing the cupcakes we've all learned to love and get excited about seeing each Saturday when we stroll to their counter top. No more bright lavender, pistachio, or rose. Just plain vanilla or maybe something seasonal like pumpkin. Their whoopie pies are not bad, but we got a box of them and half of them were stale as bricks! It wasn't because it was cold (since they should be warmed to room temp); they were flat out OLD and stale. Very disappointed. The Pumple cake is interesting but overkill with buttercream. Who wants to eat 2 inches of thick buttercream? Quality over quantity is what my stomach prefers. I would give them another try, but certaily not without seeing some exotic flavors like they used to have.
*I come here just for the flying monkey sticker on my order's bag.
*wide selection of desserts! Try anything.
Love these tasty bites.  I wish I could eat one daily.  A few minor issues: They were a little dry.  I was also a little shell shocked by the price.  If I'm going to spend $2.25 per cupcake I want it to be a little bit more extravagant.  That said, they are a step up from what you might get at the grocery store.
Guy with long mustache was rude. Refused to wait on my 11 year old son while we were the only customers. I asked him what his problem was and he said all customers have to order at the register. Did I mention we were the only customers?
Three more cupcakes from Flying Monkey to review.

Orange Creamsicle:  creative.  The yellow cake tasted like it had a bit of orange zest in it--just the right amount.  The frosting was creamy and had a bit more of an orange flavor.  It was light and very pleasing.

Peanut Butter Kandy Krunch (or something like that):  It looked interesting, though I expected it to be overwhelmingly peanut buttery.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The cake part was plain, with a creamy peanut butter filling that was light and subtle. The frosting was very fudgy chocolate and went perfectly with the peanut butter taste.  Excellent and wonderfully executed.

Spumoni:  once again, a bold combination that they pulled off to perfection.  This was a chocolate cake, with a filling of strawberry preserves, topped with pistachio frosting.  I couldn't have been more pleased.  Once again, as always, the flavors were subtle and not overdone.  Even the preserves in the cupcake were light, not overly syrupy.  The frosting was airy and wonderfully flavored.

Flying Monkey gets the fifth star with this review easily.  The cupcake varieties are unique and risky but always well done.  If you go, do yourself a favor and go with a more out-there choice.  You won't regret it.
This place is amazingly good.  I first visited a few years ago and needed a birthday cookie. Without a problem they wrote Happy Birthday on the cookie for me even though that isn't something they would normally do, at the time anyway. 

Today my boyfriend and I visited because we had a bet and if he won he wanted a brownie from Flying Monkey. Well he won, but they were all out of regular brownies so he got a classic whoopie pie, which I think he thoroughly enjoyed, and I got a peanut butter chocolate cupcake. The frosting was just right, now to sweet and just peanut buttery enough. The cake was moist but didn't fall apart all over the place. We also shared a bottle of Mexican coke which was a nice little treat on it's own.

Why did I get a cupcake even though I lost the bet? My boyfriend is the sweetest and if you have someone in your life that is the sweetest this would be an awesome place to pick up something special for him or her!

Maybe try the Strapple. We weren't feeling brave enough today but this is a massive piece of dessert which is described as, apple pie baked into vanilla cake and strawberry pie baked into chocolate cake.
I had heard of this place, known for their Pumpple cake - the pumpkin pie, apple pie, chocolate and vanilla monstrous creation.  I had to check it out when I was in Reading Terminal Market over the weekend.  I opted for a brownie and smores bar, since the Pumpple cake was tremendous and estimated to have 1,800 calories!  I loved the brownie though - it was super fudgy, and filled with chocolate chips so that each bite was more chocolatey than the next.  The double chocolate brownie was made with two varieties of cocoa and dark chocolate, and each bite had enough sugar to ensure I was never going to sleep that night.  I'm placing this high in my brownie rankings.

The Smores bar was good, but nothing in comparison to the brownie.  It was a homemade marshmallow, half covered in dark chocolate with a splash or Oreos on the side.  It was good for a lighter, less guiltful treat, but if you're going to Flying Monkey, I would stick with their cakes, brownies, cupcakes or whoopie pies.
Making my way from The Dutch Eating Place with plans for a walk to (and around, and through) The Eastern State Penitentiary I made an additional mandatory stop - a vacation without a cupcake is frowned upon by my friends and family as it has become a sort of tradition.  Having heard mixed things I stopped into Flying Monkey Patisserie where I would be greeted by a friendly young woman.  Asking her what cupcake she would suggest (already planning to order the Red Velvet plus whatever she said) she stated the Red Velvet and as such I only ordered one.  Paying the $3.00 with tip I have to admit I felt a little strange about the price of cupcakes these days - you could eat a whole breakfast at Dutch Eating Place for that much.

Taking a seat by the Reading Market pig for a traditional "Mike eating a Cupcake" picture I unwrapped the box and noted the cupcake was chilled - being before 9:00am in the morning I'm assuming this also meant it was made the day before.  Taking a bite I was mildly impressed by the frosting - cream cheese and expectedly sweet with a tinge of sour.  With a good frosting to cake ratio the cake itself just did not live up to its end of the bargain; cocoa and moist to be sure, but more dense then I'd have preferred - and cold.
Pastries are good and fun, but their service was terrible. Just rude and not very helpful.
had a forgettable cupcake with WAYYY too thick a layer of frosting (or greasy sweetness) on top.  they redeemed themselves a little with their chocolate mint brownie, but not enough for me to go there again.
The power of Flying Monkey..

I worked in a restaurant next to Reading Terminal which was insanely convenient. Their pastries were used to help heal difficult situations, like the time I was very late and pacified my manager with two of their cupcakes to the point he forgot what he was yelling about because he had icing on his lip, or the time my boyfriend calmed down after a fiasco with the Philly Parking Authority because their brownies were off the chain.
After a horrendous lunch experience at Finn McCool's which left me still starving, my fiance and I found ourselves wandering around the terminal.  We found Flying Monkey on the recommendations of some friends, and got the chai cupcake, eggnog cupcake, chocolate/vanilla, and pistachio cupcake, paired with a couple of lattes.

They were delicious!  The cakes were moist, the frosting was thick but still managed to be airy, and not overwhelmingly sweet.  The pistachio was my favorite, but we devoured all of them in a span of 10 minutes.  They were closing shop, but the girl at the counter was so friendly and helpful, and took her time helping us.  BONUS - compared with Chicago bakeries, the prices were fantastic!
Between DiNic's and Miller's Twist, the wife and I were getting pretty full. We had wandered around Reading Terminal Market taking in all of the wonders it had to offer, and were about to leave. But there was one last thing I had to do ...

WHOOPIE F'N PIE!

I hadn't had a real, honest to goodness Whoopie Pie in 15 years, when I lived in Charlottesville. An Amish family would make their way to the Downtown Mall daily and sell their homemade goods. And this is where I learned of the wonders that is Whoopie Pie.

So walking by Flying Monkey Bakery and spotting their Whoopie Pies, we made a stop here just before leaving the market. After much deliberation, I went for the traditional Whoopie Pie. It wasn't quite as good as the ones I'd bought from the Amish family in my youth. But it was REALLY close, and brought back many memories of awesomeness. 

My wife wanted to try their lemon bar. We both agreed that it was too sweet. We prefer more tartness in a lemon bar - this had hardly none.

But seriously, I don't even know why she bothered. It's all about the WHOOPIE!
It was my friend's birthday and she really wanted a lemon cake (which was actually a little difficult to find in center city without having to custom order!) Decided to order from Flying Monkey since I happened to see they had "Luscious Lemon" on their menu.

When I first opened the box, I thought "perfect, no spelling errors!" Then I thought to myself, "this is very plainly designed." I thought that the presentation would be a little better. They just put some yellow sprinkles around the cake. They informed me to put the cake out sitting at room temperature before serving. The cake was sitting out for about 2.5-3 hours, that should be enough time right?

Cake was cut and the buttercream surrounding the cake was thicker than I expected. You can see in my photos what I mean. Lemon curd filling was actually good! I just didn't like the taste of the buttercream.. wasn't smooth/creamy. I honestly could've made better buttercream myself. The cake was a little on the dry side. My friend thanked me for the cake and said she liked it. So that's all that matters I guess!

Honestly, the service was great! A+ ! The lady who took my order was quite pleasant and helpful. Made the ordering process easy with customized message. The lady who was there when I picked up the cake offered forks, knives, and napkins. Greatly appreciated!! I just wished I was more satisfied with  the presentation and taste of their buttercream. =[ Ugh.
Quick stop and go for some dessert after dinner at Carmen's. I got the Elvis cake and it was pretty delicious in general, but i couldn't finish the slice because its quite heavy for my taste. But I guess it's sort of a good thing? Staff was super friendly so that's definitely a plus. I will absolutely return when I'm in Philly again.
I finally got to try the Pumpple cake that was featured on Food Network! It was delicious and fresh--the guy behind the counter said it was made that day. I was surprised at how buttery the frosting was. I had expected it to be sweeter. Although different, it was still good and something to try at least once!
My mom would hate the place because The Wizard Oz flying monkeys scare the crap out of her. But I find the name and place great. So endearing. 

I love trying cupcakes at all different places so when I saw they offered quite a few I knew I needed to try one. Flavors like red velvet, chocolate with peanut butter frosting, chai, and hazelnut praline all sounded great but I had to try the chocolate cupcake with the pistachio frosting. The frosting was a vibrant shade of green and topped with green crystal sprinkles. The chocolate cupcake was a rich, moist cupcake. There was not a lot of frosting on the cupcake, I think there could have been a bit more to better the ratio of cake to frosting, plus it was so good. The frosting was the smoothest frosting I have ever had. The pistachio flavor could have been stronger but overall it was great.
