For my 600th review, I have opted to skip a few New York joints on my recent east coast trip and flash forward over to my super fun and freakin' fantastic Philadelphia food experience at Fogo de Chao.

This is a Brazilian steakhouse that is made for people with huge appetites and zero remorse for eating animals. So with that said, my uncle took my dad and I here for my dad's birthday.

For $55 person, before tax & tip, you get this:

1) A trip to an amazing salad bar that features all kinds of good stuff, namely aged cheese, shitake mushrooms, and some of the best asparaghus you will ever have. But don't spend too much time here as you will not have enough room in your stomach for part 2.

2) An all you can eat meat extravaganza. Flip over your card from "red" to "green" and the meat cutter server guys start to come by with all kinds of Brazilian style meats, such as picanha (top sirlion), bacon wrapped filet mignon (amazing), and the orgasm inducing, beef ancho (prime of rib eye).

FDC also features killer fraldihna (bottom sirloin), yummy costela (ribs), super excellent and fresh cordero (lamb), very juicy and savory frango (chicken), tasty costella de porco , exceptional lombo (pork loin), and above average linguica (sausage). 

If you are a first timer, I suggest asking the servers for small cuts so you can figure out what you like most and request more later. My favorites were the picanha, bacan wrapped filet mignon, beef ancho, cordero, and frango. 

3) Tasty side dishes like garlic mashed potatoes, buttery bread, and caramalized bananas

4) You also receive spectacular service. The guys working that night were friendly, fast, and efficient. One server said:

"Hey, when you aren't taking orders, you have no excuse for screw ups."

Also, the guys are very attentive. I think they heard me say, "happy birthday" to my dad when we first started eating and at the end of the meal, the guys presented my dad with an amazing flan that was on the house.

5) A smile on everyone's face after dinner as they rub their bellies.

So if you have a huge appetite, and are looking for a wonderful meat eating experience, you should head to Fogo de Chao, which has several locations across the United States and Brazil.

Now if only they would open one up in the Bay Area!
"OH WILMA, can't you see that the green side of the card is up?" 

"Barney, just wait until you see this, I don't think I'll ever be eating brontosaurus again!  Wilma and I went to Fogo de Chao for Father's Day and all you have to do is keep that green side of the disc up and they keep bringing you meat, I'm telling you Barney, I ate meat until it was coming out my ears!"

"Betty, Fred thinks I'm a gaucho and says that I need to learn southern Brazilian hospitality, our home has become a churrascaria. Last night I even heard Fred cluck, moo and baa in his sleep"

" It wasn't grilling meat like Fred and Barney do and the gauchos keep bringing huge skewers of meat, I've never heard of before, like Picanha, a top sirloin with or without garlic, alcatra, another cut from the beef top sirloin, Fraldinha, a very distinctive and flavorful cut of meat from the bottom sirloin, beef ancho, a very juicy and marbled cut of the rib eye, parmesan cheese crusted pork loin, beef or pork ribs, sausages, marinated chicken legs or bacon wrapped chicken from the breast, Fred was in seventh heaven."

"Oh my heavens Wilma, how did you eat all of that?"  "Well, I didn't, I couldn't Betty, Fred got a little riled with me for filling up on the most wonderful salad bar loaded with aged cheeses, fresh mozzarella, smoked salmon, prosciutto, salami, artichokes, hearts of palm, mushrooms, asparagus, olives, artisan breads, tabbouleh, anything you could think of to make a wonderful salad. Fred said, you are just filling up on the stuff they feed to the animals."

"Barney, I'm telling you my man, they just keep bringing it and you can say yes or no to all the different cuts of meat, not only that but you can have as much or as little as you want of each cut and how you want it cooked. Oh, I tried it all, but I must say that I enjoyed the rib eye, filet mignon, which you can have as is or wrapped in bacon and the lamb, which is offered as thick juicy chops or sliced from a tender and meaty leg. Wilma filled up on sissy food, next time I'll take her for lunch, it's the same food, but a lot less expensive or I'll have to send her to Brazil for a few years so she can learn how to be a gaucho."

"Wilma, didn't you have any meat?" " Betty, I forgot to tell you how wonderful those cheese muffins were and their side dishes of crispy hot polenta, garlic mashed potatoes, caramelized bananas were all so filling, but I did have a deliciously medium rare lamb chop, a slice of leg of lamb and medium rare, tender and juicy filet mignon. I did dodge Fred's fork and glares when I snitched a few bites of the different meats from his plate."

"In all honesty Betty, it was a really cool experience, Fred loved it, but for the money, I would much rather go to a really good steak house, for better cuts of meat, I just wish steak houses had salad and antipasto bars like Fogo de Chao has, although you can order just the salad bar for $23.00." 

"But Wilma, when you go to a good steakhouse, you pay extra for the antipastos, salads and sides, this sounds like a very unique deal." "So true Betty, I just wished I had a bigger appetite, like Fred has."

"It just occurred to me Betty, it was all men doing the grilling and serving the meat table side! Have a seat Betty, OH FRED, can't you see that the green side of the card is up?" Betty can I make you a caipirinha, it's Brazils national drink?" Yabba dabba do!
Does Fogo de Chao need a 646th review? Well of course it does, so here it is. We celebrated my fiancé's birthday here. This was our second visit and we had a plan. We ate light all day to prepare and I made a 5 p.m. reservation to give our stomach's time to digest all that goodness. As usual, service was seamless since it seems that all of the staff is there to serve you. Our sides were never empty. We (read: me) went through those caramelized bananas pretty quickly. The salad bar was constantly replenished. The filet mignon was the standout and we always correctly received our medium cut requests. I didn't try all of the meat this time because part of my plan was to save room for the favorites (check out their menu ahead of time if you've never been). Overall we enjoyed a lovely evening and a happy birthday was had; however, it's nice when restaurants acknowledge the birthday person in some way, especially when it's mentioned in the reservation, and Fogo didn't. My fiancé still likes Chima better for some reason but we enjoy Fogo all the same. It's an expensive night out but worth it for special food coma-worthy occasions.
If you're planning on eating here, don't eat anything else all day.  Be prepared to be extremely gluttonous and carnivorous.

The architectural design is impressive.  The restaurant is in a historic jewelry building and has high ceilings and beautiful chandeliers.

Our service was a little sloppy. Meat landed on our laps/ not on our plates a few times. The servers seemed very rushed.

All of the meat is juicy and delectable. The waiters and waitresses mostly come around with various types of beef (e.g. rib eye,  strip steak, filet mignon, prime rib) but there's also lamb, chicken, pork, and some seafood. They generally ask you how you like your beef cooked and will give you a piece to your liking. The end pieces are obviously more well done than center cuts. For me, the answer is always as rare as possible. 

They will also start your table off with sides. We were given polenta, caramelized bananas , and mash potatoes.  And there is a pretty spectacular salad bar with Brazilian salads, meats, and soups.  

They have some tasty cocktails and wine too.

The food will circulate until you tell it to stop. Each person gets a small piece of cardboard with a green side and a red side. When you want them stop coming around, simply flip it to the red side. It's not a great system if you have poor impulse control like myself.

Fogo is expensive but a really worth while experience.
If there is a heaven for carnivores this is it. So assuming you partake of flesh this is my Top 10 Tips for first timers-

1. If your MD is watching your cholesterol have it checked now before you go.
2. Don't eat all day.
3. As you dress for this occasion make certain your pants/skirt waist and accompanying belt easily expands.
4. Consume enough adult libations to dull any silly thoughts about diets or the evils of gluttony. Fogo's drinks are pricy so consider getting a head start elsewhere.
5. Once you arrive, gaze at the beautifully arranged salad bar and make one pass with just one plate please.  Marvel at the taste of fresh produce and cheeses.
6. The plate of warm cheese bread delivered to your table will be calling you.  Resist as long as you can but realize that it's inevitable and that you will succumb.
7. Watch the Gauchos swirling around the other tables and begin to make preliminary choices in your head.  Be sure to keep wiping the drool off your chin.  It's unsightly.  
8. Turn your poker chip to green side up and let the Gauchos attack!  Keep in mind that Fogo's meats are wonderfully seasoned so you may find unexpected delights.  Go "red" when your plate is covered with delicious flesh.
9. Repeat step 8 several times.
10.  Laugh hysterically when desert is offered.
I just have to come to terms with the fact that I really dislike the American-style brazilian steakhouse scenario.  With most buffets, the all-you-can-eat establishment's fundamental philosophy is almost always the same - sacrifice quality for quantity.  Give 'em lots and lots of meat, feed 'em 'til they're ready to burst  and then, they shake 'em down with the price of alcohol and voila! here's your final bill!  Men with skewers, take a bow!

I don't like theater or antics with my food.  But Fogo (along with its other counterpart in the city, Chima) seems to rely on all these tricks and they succeed in bringing in a crowd every night. 

The food simply does not deliver. The salad bar lacks any true variety and excitement (one point for the shitake mushrooms and the hearts of palm though).  It gets restocked continuously and is fresh, however it looks no better than what one would find at an Aramark run facility.  The meat variety and temperature options is acceptable, but except for one or two cuts of meat (i.e., the top sirloin), the quality and taste is lamentable.

If I ever come back here, it will be too soon. 

Don't get me wrong, I love red meat -  but this place doesn't deserve my carnivorous tendencies.  If you want to get stuffed on never-ending, endless below average meat* (no better than what YOU can cook at home- trust me), this is your jam.   Come for lunch instead of dinner and save a bundle.

*this review could have been replete with double entendres and sexual innuendos, but I couldn't be bothered.
When going here be ready to unleash your inner carnivore. Vegetarians beware! Especially if you are sensitive to seeing large pieces of often rare meat on skewers. 

 The waiter service was excellent. Our waiter was very friendly & well spoken, our glasses were never more than half empty for over 30 seconds and he exchanged any plates which became too messy. The meats were all well cooked (depending on how you like your meat cooked but they are more then happy to bring you any type or prep of meat you wanted.) The fillet mignon was wonderful, by far the favorite of our group. I was impressed with the quality of the salad bar as well. The presentation is nice and it was constantly being restocked with fresh ingredients. 

One small complaint on the decor though. The decor is beautiful with impressive walls full of wine. However the ceilings are very high, while this gives the restaurant a great look it allows all the noise of all the diners to echo around the room and compound the noise level, killing any ambiance. 

My only other gripe is the price tag, but then I guess the bite to the wallet is a good deterrent from visiting the place too often. Dining like this is one of the many things that makes me wish I lived downtown.
I've been here many times, and I just can't believe I haven't reviewed it yet, as It's one of the best Steakhouse in the city. 
Vegetarians, you'll have your day. But this experience for all of you MEATatarians out there:
You'll be offered many, many and many meat by the many servers every minute as long as your green coaster is facing up. You'll feel as if the Butcher himself is proffering his choicest cuts right at your table: Sirloin cuts, Beef Tenderloin, Rib Eye, Chicken, Lamb and even Pork if you eat it. So hail to the all the meat.

Honorable mention to the amazing side dishes Fogo de Chão offers, such as the crispy polenta, warm Pão de queijo "cheese bread", mashed potatoes, and caramelized banana that's served throughout the meal. Plus, the exotic and fresh salad bar including Feijoada (black bean stew & rice), seasonal soup and more. Aslo, Their New York Cheesecake isn't bad.
 
P.S: Remember to turn your coaster to the red side, after you are done stuffing your face.
P.P.S: Try to score a table during Spring Restaurant Week. 
P.P.P.S: Male sure to come Hungry.

Four and Half Yelps.
TIP: PACE YOURSELF... that's the trick to getting the return on your investment :P

WARNING: The cheese bread, mashed potatoes, fried polenta, and caramelized bananas are TRICKS to get you full FASTER!!! Use sparingly! No wonder they're bottomless!

Ensure that you take advantage of the salad bar, which has the finest ingredients ranging from sundried tomatoes, smoked salmon, aged parmesan, pickled artichokes, and roasted peppers, but DON'T go overboard despite the temptation to do so! Unless of course you're vegetarian, which then raises the question as to why you even bothered coming (stick to your carrot sticks and imitation meat, BOOM) Must keep space for all that MEAT!! :D

Okay, so frankly, I think it's a WASTE of stomach real estate to get anything but the finest cuts they have available... i.e. you can SKIP out on the chicken and sausages, because they're nothing to write home about :P If you want chicken...go to POPEYES...at least then you can get your love handles on a hold of some biscuits... *jiggles*

BE SURE to flip your green card for:
Garlic Picanha - very tender, very fatty, and savory chunk of meat
Rib eye - Mouthwateringly juicy and a slight marbling texture of the fat
Lamb chops - fun to eat off the bone, good change from all that BEEF
Pork Ribs - Salt crust adds to the porkiness and brings out flavor..plus, who doesn't like ribs right!?!?

After every few cuts, take a breather. You can easily spend 2 hrs there and maximize your value for money. Also go for lunch $35 rather than $50 for dinner... it's the exact same thing.

I would never dream of taking my date here... it becomes almost primal and barbarious eating this much meat in one sitting...I sometimes feel like a dinosaur ^^... I would also never take my kids here unless you enjoy wasting money...

Meat lovers paradise... 5/5
Our fifth year doing the Brazilian Steakhouse.
And I think the best.
This year we decided to do lunch so we could spend the rest of the day exploring Philadelphia. 
We arrived at 1pm and we're greeted warmly and seated immediately. The service was wonderful. Steak kept appearing whenever we wanted it, water glasses were promptly refilled, dirty plates removed.
I love all their cuts of steak, especially the Fogo specialty. But I have to say I could have been perfectly happy just having the salad bar. Soup, cheese, cured meats, salmon, fresh vedge...
Everything was great. I don't know if I can wait a whole year to go back!
DO:

* Come for lunch. You will get the exact same meal at a much more reasonable price. 
* Save some room for the fried bananas. Holy smokes are they delicious. 
* Wait for the better cuts of meat to come around. Do not waste your time on chicken and sausages. There are men walking around with filet mignon and lamb chops. Have some pride. 
* Eat all of the meats wrapped in bacon. You will have a choice between filet mignon and filet mignon wrapped in bacon. Do you really need me to tell you which one you should eat?
* Ask for a specific cut of meat if it doesn't come by your table within a reasonable time frame. They are happy to find the _____ guy and send him over. 
* Ask for a slice from the inside. In my experience, the outside slices are overly seasoned and salty. You can ask not to be given an outside piece (or if they give you one, just ask for another slice!).
* Try the house special. It's delicious. 

DO NOT:

* Get sucked into the salad bar. Yes, it is delicious. Yes, everything looks great. That is their ploy. Remember, you just paid $50 for all-you-can-eat meat. Do you really want to fill up that room in your stomach with Romaine lettuce and green beans !?
* Buy cocktails. They will be crazy overpriced. Also, they will take up room in your stomach that can be better filled by meat. 
* Zone out when the waiter asks what kind of water you want. There are THREE options. If you order still water after hearing him offer still or sparkling, you will get BOTTLED still water. Wait until he also offers tap. Unless you really want to pay for bottled water. Really?
* Plan any strenuous activities for after your meal. You will not be able to move. You will probably want to sit at the table and moan in discomfort for a while before attempting to leave the restaurant. This is to be expected, do not be alarmed. This feeling will pass, to be replaced by a pleasant, meat-induced semi-comatose state.
Absolutely love this place!!

I've not eaten at many steakhouses but still could easily vouch on their meats, these will be one of the finest cuts you've ever had!

This place is for the carnivores!! The customer service is top notch and their serving staff will keep coming to you with mouth watering fire roasted cuts of meats until you turn the coaster to the red side :)

My favorite is the lamb chops, followed by the pineapple glazed chicken, bacon wrapped chicken, pork chops, leg of lamb and sausage :) for those who also eat beef there's another half a dozen cuts that will fill you to the brim! The churasccaria apart, their salad bar is the best I've had, Exotic and Sophisticated. It even beats the likes of the gigantic salad bars of Vegas. Imported cheese, prosciutto, olives, parfait, and many many other things that you will relish for days to come!
What does it tell you about how much I enjoyed this dinner when I start by saying it is sooo not worth the price yet still give it 5 stars?!?

They tempt you in with a totally awesome "salad" bar and the meats don't stop as long as your card is green.  They don't offer just any cheap cuts either.  Did I mention everything is all you can eat as long as you'd like to stay.

Prompt service is an understatement.  With the entire restaurant packed, I flipped my card to green expecting to wait a few minutes for an offering.  After blinking I realize my plate was nearly full of meat and that I needed to turn the card back over so I could actually eat.  They are just as good with drinks.

Come hungry and bring friends!
Fogo de Chao is a lot more than a restaurant, it's an experience.

For those of you who are unfamiliar with Brazilian steakhouses, you pay a flat fee ($51.50 for dinner, $34.50 for lunch) and you get unlimited trips to a salad bar, unlimited starchy sides (polenta, potatoes, and fried bananas), AND the main reason people come.... unlimited steak (and lamb and sausage and pork and chicken).

Because I work in a male-dominated industry, I have visited Fogo about a half a dozen times for various work functions.  So I have some tips:

-  if you aren't that into steak and are paying for the meal yourself, consider doing just the salad bar.  It is amazing- with tons of options like smoked salmon, various cheeses and salumi, potatoes, big pieces of asparagus, prepared salads like tuna/chicken salad.  And at $24.50, it's a bargain.

- Wait out the better pieces of meat.  They will bring you a lot of meats that are lower quality to start (because they want to fill you up).  If there is a particular cut you like, wait for it to come to you.  Or better yet, let the waiter know and they will send them over to you.

- if you want to experience the fogo-ness but are on a budget, try the lunch option. For $34.50 you get the same meal, but just between the hours of 11:30 and 2:30, Monday through Friday

So why 4 stars rather than 5?  I feel like the meat isn't the greatest quality and a bit too salty.  In the end, I'd rather just get a good steak elsewhere and pay a few more bucks.  But its a fun place and you get a damn good meal, so check it out.
Been here twice and love it, everything is good. The service seems as if they want you to never be without. Salad bar is quite large, but if you eat salad before the meats here then you are a rookie. Flip your green card, watch the parade of meat come to you, and eat yourself into a coma. Lamb and chicken are available and I recommend giving them each a shot, especially because the chicken is wrapped in bacon, but the beef is where it's at (yes, I know that was a presposition). I will be back. Oh yeah, they also give you these little dough balls that are good enough to make you forget and fill up on bread. ADVISE YOU GO FOR LUNCH SINCE IT'S SAME MEAL FOR HALF THE PRICE.
If this were an average restaurant, the food would be quite good. For the price, however, I have to knock it down a point or two. The food didn't taste any better than other Brazilian steakhouses I've been to so the price was a huge factor for me. 

I also wasn't pleased at the service. The place was packed so I can understand if things slip but there were basic expectations of high end service that weren't met such as filling water glasses, clearing plates and asking if individuals would like another glass of wine or beer when glasses were empty, placing extra silverware for dessert at the end of the table instead of placing it down next to the appropriate person. Don't get me wrong, everyone was polite, but for a restaurant that markets itself as high end, there were a few things that were lacking. 

In addition, the place does not have a pastry chef. At a restaurant with this price point, you'd expect the desserts to be made in house. I understand that it's a steakhouse and not the primary reason people visit Fogo but other nearby steakhouses still have a pastry chef. Fogo does not. Thus, the desserts were rather disappointing.

Nothing blew me away.
No points: service, lack of pastry chef
Fogo de Chao was hyped up SO much over the past few years by my friends and colleagues; green for go! Well I finally got to try this place and I was disappointed, especially regarding the quality.

The good:
--The salad bar was great: prosciutto, candied bacon, fresh fruit, gourmet cheeses, you name it! Mm yum.
--The venue was super fancy like all the steakhouses in Center City, definitely a place you would go if you want to impress someone on a date.
--You get a lot of food.
--The cheese biscuits are amazing.

The bad:
--Nothing was seasoned and even the filet mignon tasted pretty bland and dry. Everything came medium rare even if you ask for medium or medium well. There is no quality control for the temperature of your meat. If you are looking for quality, juicy steak, I would not come here. Given the mass amount of meat they serve you and the curiosity to have to try everything,  it was hard for me to remember what was what and what tasted good. Everything just kind of all taste the same at the end.
--The sausage and chicken was super ick. Save room in your stomach and skip.
--Servers skipped people at our table and did not come around to everyone even though we all had our cards flipped green.
--There's barely any space to move around and I was constantly weary of bumping into the servers walking around wielding knives.
--FYI, I met someone from Brazil and he told me Fogo's fake Brazilian food. Go figure.

The biggest disappoint for me, being a gastronome dining here is that the food served here did not meet the quality that the "high end" atmosphere of the establishment caused me to expect. The staff here did not seem to know about the food they served compared to waitstaff at other fancy steakhouse places I've dined at in the past. 

For example, I asked for a whiskey sour like cocktail off their menu and asked if they could put egg whites in it. The waitress told me they did not stock eggs in the whole kitchen. What kind of fancy/"high end" restaurant does not carry eggs? This also tells me that their foods that require eggs (mayonnaise, dressing, desserts, etc.) were probably NOT cooked on site from scratch. This was rather disappointing to pay a hefty price but not even have house-made food.

For dessert, they had espresso drinks and ice cream on the menu. I asked the waitress if they could make me an affogato (off the menu). Nope, she didn't even know what it was. Again, for such a extravagant, high-end looking place and a $$$ rating on Yelp, I would expect the food service staff to be more knowledgeable about food! I ended up ordering some espresso drink with mocha and liquor in it. It was lukewarm and tasted worse than Starbucks, ick.

The food here is hardly worth the money they charge for it. You are paying for the atmosphere and the quantity of the food, not quality. It's basically an over hyped buffet with Vegas buffet quality foods (read: not fresh and mass produced) at a even more exorbitant price  and desserts are not even included in the price. 

With that said, it's worth to try Fogo at least once just for the experience because it is kind of fun to have people come around ask you if you want to try various meats. I would recommend you coming here for lunch because the salad bar is pretty good and the price per person is cheaper.
This is a 3.5/5. Basically, you will have free range at the market table where there is salad, fruits, vegetables, meat such as chicken, salami, and prosciutto as well as a variety of cheeses. Be sure to try the chicken salad, caesar salad, apple salad, cheeses, and salami. They are impeccable! Following appetizers, there is unlimited meat awaiting you in carnivore heaven. 

Each person has a card, one side is red and another is green. Once you are finished with your market table option, you flip your card to green, and flocks of waiters and waitresses stop by your table with assortments of lamb, pork, chicken, and beef. Flip back to red to cease oncoming foodie onslaught and enjoy your meal without intrusion. 

Atmosphere was gorgeous with effulgent chandeliers cascading from above, although ambiance is loud and vibrant so keep that in mind when choosing an intimate dinner. 

The ribeye was my favorite, very juicy, tasty and fatty. The bacon wrapped chicken, pineapple chicken, chicken breast, and sausage were barely average, albeit unappetizing, bland and boring and did not deserve more than one bite each, while the filet mignon, top sirloin, and bottom sirloin were a bit more robust and flavorful. 

Overall, it really depends on your personal preference. Just be sure to ask for a big portion if you prefer something specific. Everything is served rare, medium rare, and medium. You will see medium well and well done but selection is scarce and sometimes they will have to custom make it for you which left a sour note since I prefer medium well. 

The primary concern we had was that we kept getting more chicken than beef, and did not get a chance to try the lamb nor the pork, but if you love all meat equally, there won't be any qualms. Side dishes were impressive and consisted of addicting seasoned mash and savory caramelized fried bananas. 

Dessert was scrumptious, I had the molten lava cake with a hot, gooey center with vanilla ice cream drowning in fudge and whipped cream. The strawberry cream dessert drink was yummy and an apex of confectionary opulent goodness. The papaya cream is unavailable due to hurricane season. Dessert took a long time to come out, meats ranged from very good to barely average, and we were disappointed that certain meats never made it to our table. 

Remember to ask specifically what you want brought to the table, our waitress failed to inform us that. Personally, I feel like each kind of meat should be offered to a table at least once without having to hunt people down. Nonetheless, it was a satisfactory meal.
Someone should give Brazil an award for thinking up a dining experience that involves waiters walking around with endless meat on a stick. You, over there, with the meat on a stick, come over here and slice me some of that deliciousness. Yes, right onto my plate. Thank you. Repeat a few thousand times and you'll get a good idea of my experience at Fogo.

Fogo is excellent. The quality of the meat is superb - everything is cooked and seasoned to perfection. The service is also on point. The salad bar is a scene straight out of the food bible if there ever was one, but make sure to save room for the MEAT BUFFET.

I just love the sound of it: meat buffetttttttttt
I came here for lunch and decided to go for the full package-meaning I had free, unlimited access to the salad buffet, the feijoada bar and the all you can eat meat. I was seriously disappointed.

In the unlikely event that I return, it will only be for the salad bar, which I believe runs about $16. It's got something for everyone and everything I sampled was fresh. Things are nicely arranged and there were no empty trays/spaces that made me wonder what I was missing. I tried a bit of the feijoada since I paid for it and thought it was alright but not worth multiple repeat servings.

The alcoholic drinks are quite expensive. I had the house caipirinha. It was $16.00, very very sweet and not worth the price.

The highly hyped meat was the biggest disappointment. When you opt for the full package, you are given a coaster with a red and a green side. If you want to have continuous offerings of the different meats, you keep the green side up. When you've had enough, you flip it over to the red side. I was offered 2 different chicken preparations and both were so dry, I thought I would choke while I was trying to swallow them. While the servers were out in full force with their offerings of various types of meat, I  finally had to ask my waitress to send someone over as I wanted more meat. One man came over with something unidentifiable on a long skewer that was so overcooked it was black all over. I declined. After that, no one came by with meat. I decided that was okay since what I'd had and tried to consume was essentially inedible.

There is probably a dessert menu but I was not interested in staying around to find out what was on it.

I spent over $60 (not including drink, tax and tip) for juiceless, dried out chicken and a slightly better than average salad bar. I don't know if this is a tourist trap or just a temple to American gluttony but I won't be back.

One plus is the building the restaurant is housed in. It's the historic Caldwell's Jewelry Building designed by Philadelphia architect Horace Trumbauer. It has the old luxe appearance of Philadelphia grandeur gone by with 20 foot high ceilings, dark wood paneling and crystal chandeliers. That, however, does not make the price gouging for substandard food any less painful.

When I got my check, the server made a big production over me signing up for Fogo de Chao 'specials.' I had no interest in doing this but she practically forced the pen into my hand to do it. I filled out the card and was told I would be immediately e-mailed a discount voucher for my next visit. That was weeks ago; I have yet to hear a peep about any offers.

I think the glowing reviews of the food are written by out of town rubes or people who have never tasted properly cooked meat.
I get it now.

I understand why Fogo is one star better than Chima.  

Tonight, I had my Fogo experience in a party of 4.  Almost a year and two weeks ago, I had my first Chima experience in a much larger group.  I now understand.  

Chima is quite good.  But here's why Fogo is excellent.  And, in my mind the most effective way to review this place is to not go into details of what I had (I had some of everything quite frankly), or the details of what the experience is like (you don't need me to tell you that), but really just to go directly into why it beats Chima.  You can read 350 other reviews telling you how the food quality is of each item Fogo has.  I'm going to go a different route.  

Basically, at Chima, if you get to sample 10 meats at your table, chances are 8 of them will be excellent, and 2 of them might not be quite up to snuff.  If you ever saw my Chima review, you'll know that the sausage and bacon wrapped filet at Chima weren't quite up to standards, not just for me, but for others at my table too.  That doesn't mean I didn't enjoy Chima very much because I did.  8 out of 10 is still a great average.  

At Fogo, if you sample 10 different meats at your table, quite simply put all 10 will be flawless, at least in my mind they were.  And I got unanimous agreement from all 4 diners in my party tonight.  Everyone felt that they had a meal to remember tonight.  

Service, that was flawless too.  Fogo was on the ball tonight.  The speed and efficiency in which they did little things like sweeping the crumbs off the table impressed me.  They earned their sizable tip for sure.  

Sure, maybe Fogo isn't as special a place like a Zahav is in this town.  But I'll say this without hesitation.  

In the world of steakhouses, I'll gladly pick Fogo over the Butcher and Singer's, Capital Grille's, and Del Frisco's of the world for a special celebratory meal.  And I love those places too, but I won't even think twice about it anymore.  Fogo wins in my eyes.  

Just my opinion, as much as I love a good marbled aged steak from those places, I simply prefer the steak at Fogo over them.  Maybe it's a personal taste, or maybe I just like tasting 4 or 5 different kinds of steak in one sitting. But  I'll take the Pichana served here over any filet mignon anywhere.  

Well played, Fogo De Chao... well played!
Came here with my staff for a Holiday Luncheon.  Had to make the reservations a couple of months in advance, but with a few back and forth emails which were relatively painless, we had a great time and filling lunch.

We decided to get the Market Table with a meat.  The Table is an All You Can Eat buffet of different salads, cheeses, soup of the day, fruits, vegetables, and other cold items.  The restaurant was fully packed yesterday afternoon, so the line was always present.  Had to be patient to get in and make the full circle to get what you wanted.

Additionally, we paid for the meats which was a double serving each of your choice of lamb, steak, chicken, or pork.  Mostly everyone was very happy with their meats, but some said depending on the cut, it may have been dry or not to their liking.

The restaurant staff was running around like ants at a picnic helping everyone quite efficiently.

Because we booked early, gift cards were given for a future visit.

One down side - no boxes to take leftovers home.  I guess they think you'll fill up the box from the Market Table.  But the double meat serving was too much!

We all had a great time and would recommend coming back.

$462 including tax/tip for 16 very full food coma adults.
Fogo De Chao
1337 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19107
(215) 636-9700

The Philadelphia rendition of Fogo de Chao is located at 13th and Chestnut St in Center City Philadelphia in an exquisite building (the historic Caldwell's Jewelry Building). The interior, originally designed by famed Philadelphia architect Horace Trumbauer features French-cut chandeliers and 20 foot ceilings.  The atmosphere though, is a juxtaposition of pretentious display and the homey feel of a churrascaria--a restaurant serving grilled meat, many offering as much as one can eat: the waiters move around the restaurant with the skewers, slicing meat onto the client's plate. This serving style is called espeto corrido or rodízio, and is quite popular in Brazil.

This is a unique concept in a restaurant as there really is no menu per-say.  There is a large market table which is the Brazilian equivalent of a salad buffet, and the waiters simply walk around with large skewers of meat. You indicate that you are hungry for more meat using a fun red and green light system of circular placards placed on the table.

The market table features such offerings as: Shaved Brussels Sprouts and Bacon Salad, Winter Citrus Salad, Hearts of Palm, Tabouleh, Apple Salad and Imported Cheese selection. There was something for everyone--meat lovers and vegetarians alike.  This is all inclusive with the price of the meal.

Before dinner, one must start with a cocktail, and the true brazilian specialty available is FOGO PREMIUM CAIPIRINHA: Muddled with Fogo Premium Aged Cachaça, fresh limes and cane sugar.  Caipirinha is Brazil's national cocktail, made with cachaça, sugar and lime. Cachaça, also known as Pinga or Caninha, is Brazil's most common distilled alcoholic beverage.

We started with the shrimp cocktail which was a nice beginning.  The presentation was good and the cocktail sauce adequate to the task.

Some of the homestyle sides available: CARAMELIZED BANANAS, GARLIC MASHED POTATOES, POLENTA (left).  Brought to Southern Brazil by Italian immigrants, polenta made from corn meal remains a staple in Brazilian kitchens to this day.

Meat was delicious.

Of Note:
-Gorgeous bar area
-After dinner mints and matchboxes (for you collectors out there).
-Gorgeous interior with French chandeliers and 20 ft ceilings.
-A well stocked wine cellar.
-Posh restrooms.
-Creme brulee was well executed.
-Chocolate mouse was very rich and the whip cream was definitely house made.
Dear god almighty - where do I start with this place?

We went a couple of weeks ago for my bday. We had a group of 11 with us and we were seated right on time. 

I hit the insane salad bar - huge balls of fresh mozz - what must have been a 50 lbs wheel of parm and the best prosciutto I have ever had. 

Then it came time to turn the card to green...with in second I was bombarded by different cuts of meat on skewers. Being as how I consider the 4 food groups steak, chicken, beer and red wine - I was in heaven. 

The garlic beef was unreal ands the new beef ancho was amazing.  They bring a bunch of fried sides and mashed potatoes to the table - I didnt even bother with those  I was there for steak.  The wine list is extensive. There is a very good selection of Argentinian Malbec's which made me happy as it is my fav wine. 

All in all this might take the crown as my fav restaurant in Philadelphia.
So this review is coming from a non-meat eater, and I still loved this place! First of all it is huge, open and beautiful with the tallest ceilings, and has that old bank vibe of steakhouses. I really loved the salad bar, there were a ton of veggie options as well as mayo type salads, quinoa salad, salmon, etc. Since I was not participating in the meat festivities, I got the mango glazed bass as the entree, and it was one of the best fishes I have ever had. It was so flaky, flavorful and sweet. For dessert I tried the tres leches cake and the key lime pie. The key lime pie is more like cheesecake and was delicious. Also, tres leches cake was super sweet and soaked in milk. Overall, we had great service and food. Would definitely recommend for everyone!
Meat-galore!

I don't know if I should flip the start-stop-sign... cause when I flip it to GO... Oh Gosh!!! Here comes the dudes with meat ... slice! Slice! Slice! Meat! Meat! Meat!

Here's some key points:

(1) Come here when you're super hungerrrsss
(2) Amazing shrooms
(3) Fresh salad bar
(4) Nice wine menu
(5) When GO means GO - men will come with meat on your plate! NOMS
(6) $$$ - decent
(7) Make sure your date is ready to eat like a piggie!
(8) Top Sirloin - my favs
(9) Lamb
(10) Everything really...

**OVERALL: will come back again when I'm philly for some non-stop meat and shrooms! 5 stars!
Four stars from a vegetarian?  What?!?!

I took my boyfriend to Fogo de Chao (which I'd been pronouncing incorrectly all this time) on a Saturday night to celebrate a work accomplishment on his behalf.  He's a carnivore.  I wasn't sure what I was in for, but I knew that he would love this, and this made it worthwhile.

Our res was for 8:30p.  We arrived at 8:35p, and the place looked like a train station!  People were tucked into corners waiting.  We checked in and were promised the wait would be brief, and we were ushered towards the lounge.  Had we gone, we would have had to crowd surf in.  In due time, some people got called to sit down though, and we were able to work our way in, and find a table.

We figured since the wait would be brief, we'd just take a load off and wait patiently for our table.  Fifteen minutes in, we realized this 'brief' was lip service.  We took to the bar and ordered 2x Caipirinha's which were lovely.  We continued to chat and wait- only much more patiently now; and we didn't have to wait long!  As soon as our waiter brought our drinks over, they called us!

We got a cozy little 2 top by the wine room.  A waitress explained the deal to us, and I learned that for ~ $25 I could have the salad bar, along with the bread, polenta fries, mashed potatoes, and plantains.  I was elated! 

My boyfriend flipped his coin and the Gaucho's came in force!  All I can say about the meat is that there is lots of it, and he wasn't disappointed by a thing.  Not even a little bit.  

From a vegetarian perspective, I echoed his sentiments.  I had to watch myself as far as stomach space was concerned.  Grilled veggies, tabbouleh, mozzarella balls, olives, hearts of palm, artichokes, salads, cheese boards, asparagus the size of my face!  Oh my!  This didn't feel like a concession AT ALL!  I couldn't believe I got to eat all this amazing food!

The mashed potatoes were delicious, the bread had cheese baked right in... OMG.  We agreed that everyone was on-point, very kind, and working like a well-oiled machine.  It was such a pleasant and fun dining experience- its no wonder the place is packed.

This would have been a 5 star review, but i had to take 1 off for having a reservation, and having to wait another 25 minutes... but i also understand that they can't really control how long people stay.  That has to be challenging.

Bottom line- we'll be back
We took my dad to this extravagant location for his birthday, and none of us were disappointed. The location is beautiful, with high vaulted ceilings and a sprawling the dining area. The carving station and salad bar are along one wall.

What can I say that hasn't been said before? The meat is roasted to perfection and there are plenty of options--the lamb is especially good, as is anything bacon-wrapped. The salad bar is extensive and has anything you need, from cheese choices (parmigiano reggiano shavings!) to artichoke hearts and deli meat. Definitely make sure you have a plate of greens to go with your meal.

The service is fantastic here and everyone makes it very clear that they are there to get you literally anything you could want. Lots of "sirs" and "ma'ams."

A few tips for you:
1. Make friends with the server carrying your favorite, and he'll be sure to stop by whenever he has a new roast (I did this with the lamb, and I was drowning in chops! :D).
2. Pace yourself when eating the meat--take only your favorites and SLOW DOWN or you will enter a meat coma from which you will never recover (wasting the opportunity to consume more meat in the process).
3) Go for lunch (Monday-Friday only; $32.50/head), as you get the same great food and salad bar for about half the price.

My biggest complaint was that my cocktail (Fogo's take on a mojito) was filled with far too much ice for the price (~$16). I'll just ask for less next time.
I was hanging out in Chinatown with the usual suspects, Jimmy, 
Jay-Jay, Mike and Frank. We were trying to decide where we were gonna eat and all of us were extremely hungry, so I suggested Fogo De Chao because it's in the Brazillian tradition of all you can eat Steakhouses. Besides, it was on Jimmy's dime so what the heck!
 We didn't have a reservation and they were kind of crowded but we were seated in 10 minutes.
 The place is beautiful, it's the former home of J.E. Caldwell jewelers. After we were seated, some tall guy dressed in a colorful Gaucho outfit came over and tried to explain how Fogo worked. Frank interrupted him and said "Sorry dude, been there done that where is the salad bar"? And what a salad bar it was! 
There were so many items, I can't list them all. The cheese selection alone was magnificent let alone the aged, cured cold cuts. Every thing was so fresh and pleasing to the eye, 
I could hardly contain myself. But I had to restrain myself because the salad bar is just the prelim or was it? After sampling just about everything the salad bar had to offer, it was time for the meats to take the center stage.
 The Gaucho guy came back and placed some lovely, fluffy dinner rolls and a bowl of pillowy mounds of garlic mashed potatoes. . But I had to stay focused, keep my eves on the prize-the grilled meats, and finally the dude in the colorful clothes brought over the first selection of Brazilian BBQ.
 It was Fillet Mignon, and it was so tender and juicy I thought I was gonna dine on that the rest of the evening. But no! a rack of Lamb chops were next, then a Skirt steak followed by Sausages, Bacon wrapped Chicken, Pork Tenderloins-too many to mention all were tasty and Fogo De Chao will always hold a penthouse suite in the upper floors of my luxurious belly! 
The only reason I couldn't give it 5 stars is there are no sauces and I know that's the way it's eaten in Brazil, but I was just imagining what sauce would go with which meat and I was a little disappointed with that.
But I think that is my own personal problem and it shouldn't alter my overall review of the restaurant..... but still a little barbecue sauce on the Pork Tenderloins......
Overall: Good food, but pushy service

Ambiance: It's an upscale Brazilian steakhouse, and you will get that feel as you walk in. The staff is very polite and will address your needs and concerns. We came here for lunch, and noticed that people here were in mid 50s, very well dressed. The walls of the restaurant are dressed with over 1000 different bottles of wine, which complements its style.

Food: You have an option to go for the full meat selection for lunch. This will cost you about $50-$65. You can also choose to go with the salad bar which offers chicken, cured meat, lochs, variety of veggies, and cheeses. For an additional $15 to $25 you can add a special cooked meat to your salad bar selection. We chose to stick with just the salad bar, and it was well worth it. There are so many options to choose from including soups that you'll find your mix. I'll warn you that the staff is a bit pushy and will try to steer you to order either their full meat lunch or something additional to the salad. We felt that was a bit annoying. It's 11am and I was there for a quick bite.

Drinks: The drinks are your usual classics but the prices are steep (to reflect Fogo de Chao standard). I can understand a fine wine that's expensive but a classis margarita or old-fashioned does not deserve a $18 price tag in Philadelphia.

Service: Besides the staff being overly pushy, we felt the service was good. They took out plates away as we were done and asked us if we wanted water. The check was brought out fairly quick.

Price: Going in, we knew it would be expensive. I think the $15 lunch salad bar menu is an excellent deal if you can ignore the timeshare sales mentality of the management.
For my 100th review I submit to you a letter I mailed today:

Fogo de Chao
14881 Quorum Dr Suite 750
Dallas, TX 75254 

To whom it may concern:

The quality of your food is undoubtedly superb, the salad bar was very fresh, and the meat perfectly cooked and everyone we dealt with was very polite.  I thoroughly enjoyed dining at your Denver, Colorado location earlier this year, but I am extremely disappointed with the treatment we received on our October 9th visit to your Philadelphia location.  

It started when I made the reservation two weeks prior to the 9th and received two voicemails confirming my 8pm Saturday reservation for five.  I returned the second voicemail and spoke to an employee who said they expected us at 8 o'clock.  The whole party arrive at exactly 8pm but the hostess gave me a buzzer and told me it would be a few minutes.  I understand that some restaurants make patrons wait on purpose to get them to the bar, but the bar was full and we were forced to wait on the street.  After 15 minutes of waiting I asked the hostess if it would be much longer.  She was nice enough, but said no.  I believe a reservation should reserve the table, obviously it had not.  Every 15 minutes after being asked to wait I returned to the podium and politely asked the hostess if the table was ready.  I returned and was turned away a total of three times before our buzzer went off.  I understand that certain guests can be unpredictable, but you take reservations and seat people every night.  Would you agree with me that it's unacceptable to make guests wait an excess of 45 minutes?

I always enjoyed dining at Fogo de Chao and would like to someday return, but this experience has really turned me off to your restaurants.  I know maintaining a good reputation is especially important in service industries, I look forward to hearing how you would like address this problem and make me comfortable patronizing your restaurants in the future.  I thank you sincerely for your time.

Signed,
Schuyler

Update: I spoke with the manager at the Philadelphia restaurant.  He remembered the night and sent, me a $100 gift card for my problems.  That doesn't make up for the mistake, or dinner for me and four others, but it does go a long way to show they care.
I wanted to try one restuarant during Philly's Restuarant Week on 09/15/2019 so I picked this one based on friends' recommendations and Yelp reviews. I've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse before. Sadly, I was not blown away and thought it was mediocre. I don't understand the hype of this place...

Location: 4 out of 5 stars
It is located in the heart of Philly by the City Hall. There is valet parking for $20. It is a big, grandiose place that feels pseudo upscale with chandeliers and white tablecloth. But it very noisy and tables are in close proximity to each other. I wouldn't recommend for an intimate date night because it doesn't feel cozy. It reminds of a cruise ship dinner buffet.

Service: 3 out of 5 stars
We get it: it's restuarant week and it's crazy busy. When we were seated, the hostess spoke so fast that you couldn't understand a word. Which was unfortunate because it was my first time at a Brazilian steakhouse. The gauchos were quick to come by when you had your green card on the table. Except they slice the thinnest steak and if you asked for a bit more, you felt judged. When the checks come, you swipe your own credit card. Out waitress never came back to get the card fold after we self checked out. We felt rushed.

Value: 4 out of 5 during Restuarant Week only
It was $35 per person during Restuarant Week. But excludes 3 different cuts of meat including filet mignon. Normally it's $55. It includes unlimited salad bar, mashed potatoes, plantains, polento and choice of dessert (cheesecake or chocolate mousse). 

TIP: the waiter will walk around with shrimp cocktails but they fail to inform you it'll cost extra.

Food: 3 out of 5 stars
Only the top and botton sirloin tasted good and tender, although salty. The chicken was too dry. I'm not a fan of lamb. The pork was ok...The garlic parmesan pork tasted pretty good. The bacon wrapped steak sounded delicious but did not taste good...The bacon smell was too overpowering. The chocolate mousse looked pretty but was too dry. It was also the thinnest slice of cake. Again I get it's restaurant week so we get a more subpar experience compared to normal days.

Overall I wouldn't pay $55 to eat here...It is overpriced for subpar food that feels like you're dining on a cruise ship. Even for $35, I'm not sure if I enjoyed my experience because I felt rushed and the overall experience and quality of food felt rough. 

I would pass next time.
I had been waiting to try Fogo, ever since I heard about the concept.

" What's that , you say?! They bring out different meats to you, until you pass out?...Sign me up!"

I figured, by the occasion of my 40th birthday, I'd had a good run and now was as good a time as any to commit meat suicide. My little sister was kind enough to treat and we invited some other friends and headed for the city.

I was impressed with every aspect of Fogo. The staff, the decor, the concept and the food. My only complaint is that I cant put it away like I used to. I almost got sidetracked by the pile of crisp bacon on the salad bar. After tearing up said salad bar, the meat skewers started flying and I only had time to proclaim, with a mouthful of cheese, " You mean theres more!"

Sometimes, in an all you can eat establishment, the qualiuty of the food suffers. Not here. Everything I tried was top quality cuts, cooked to perfection. 

When I return, preferably for lunch, when the prices are cheaper but the experience is essentially the same, I plan on dressing like one of those meat gauchos. On my way out, I'll swing by the kitchen and grab a few skewers. People may wonder why Im passing their green lit tables, but by the time they realize my scam, I will be enjoying gthe best train meal anyone has ever had.
Very good to excellent. Drinks are pricey but the over-all experience was quite fantastic!

Make it a special evening and you will be happy to try the place out.

60 bucks per person without drinks.
This is one restaurant that is worth every penny for Restaurant week. There is no difference between their regular menu & salad bar than any other time of the year. The only difference is the price tag. Basically you are getting the cost of their lunch, which is also identical offerings, but with the convenience of evening hours.
The service here was my favorite part of this experience!! We came for a work event and it was about 20 of us and they have a huge salad bar and the meet just kept coming!! It was always nice and hot and cooked to whatever you like from medium to well done!! Even when I was waiting for something specific the waiter would come and ask which one and bring it over! 

The place looks real old school. If your hungry and love meats from filet mignon to chicken drumsticks you will find it all here!! Thank you for a wonderful evening. Also my FAV wine is their own personal red you will not be disappointed!!
This place was a great experience for me and my husband. I think RW is a cool way to try restaurants that are typically outside of your budget for a cheaper price.  I made reservations as soon as I got an email about RW. We reserved a spot for 9/11 at 4:30 pm. I thought it would be best to make the reservation closest to the time when the restaurant opened, which turned out to be a good idea because when we left people waiting for a table (with a reservation) were still waiting! Yikes!

Fogo is not a romantic restaurant or quiet so if that's what you're looking for, this place is not for you. It's loud, staff everywhere walking around and gauchos serving up slices of meat for the carnivore in us.  

The Market bar/feijoada (spell check) serves up sliced tomatoes with sea salt, a huge wheel of parmesan cheese(AS in the wheel John Legend bought Chrissy Teigen for her recent birthday wheel of cheese lol), tabbouleh, Caesar salad, watermelon with mint(could have been basil), soft cheeses, and an assortment of other things.  We didn't get a chance to try the soups though.

What we enjoyed the most was the service. The host was friendly, water was filled when it really didn't need it and plates were cleared as soon as you were done with them.  

My only suggestion to other diners would to turn your placecard on green when you want to be served meat, when you've gotten your fill turn it on red and eat.  It was kind of a bother to keep the card on green, servers at your table and eating at the same time.

Sign up for their email club for coupons and discounts!
Notwithstanding the discomfiting nearby presence of a serial groper and a demented and deranged stalker (not Fogo's fault) during our first visit, Fogo receives five stars  in every category!   The first thing to love is the elegant, warmly lit space.  The beautiful wood paneled walls and columns, coffered ceilings and crystal chandeliers transport you to another time when architectural details were essential to creating a mood.  The second thing to love  is the legendary extensive salad bar.  Worth every calorie but don't overdo it; save room for the  gorgeous meat to come.   Third, the grilled meats are positively divine.  My fav is the filet, which is flawlessly seasoned and charred.  On subsequent visits, I have largely ignored the other offerings in favor of the filet.  The Mister also enjoyed the lamb, about which other Yelpers have gushed.  The fourth lovable item is the eagle-eyed service staff.  At Fogo, your water glass and dinner plate will always be full (unless you have displayed the red "do not serve" coaster).   We love the fact that Gauchos can be found in Philadelphia, even if they are confined to toting meat indoors and not atop their trusty steeds and galloping free on the Pampas.
Hmmm - it's a wild swing of reviews for this place that's for sure, but I've never had anything but a great experience. Let's get started. 

Ok - first rule - only come for lunch. Seriously - it's the exact same menu for like $15 less per person. We learned this from the manager on our second visit. 

Next rule, graze lightly on the salad bar. It's funny, I would pay the whole price of lunch just to eat at the salad bar and screw the meat. One reviewer said he was disappointed in the size of the salad bar. Apparently he dines with the King of Bahrain on a regular basis, as I've not seen a bigger/better salad bar in a long time. 

And lo, dear reader, you will be tempted to go astray at the salad bar. For it is fresh and stocked well with delicious morsels and bites that add up quickly. Smoked salmon and prosciutto, lovely cheeses, marinated artichoke hearts, delicious salads. Ultimately, if you do fall to the temptation and eat well, lo do not be ashamed, for it is good. Darn good. 

Rule three - ask for it. I don't waste a lot of time when it comes to the meat coming to me. I tell them what I want and how I want it. Keep your sausage cooked so long it's like a landerjager in the kitchen thanks, and if I want chicken I'll head to crowns. The ribs are nice, when they're not immoliated as they were the last time we were there. But really, save your time and bring on the steak. 

As for the other cuts, the house special ribeye, the sirloin, and the rest, yum. Not the best quality steak, but when you aren't paying for top quality here, you're paying for the meat coma. Seriously, tell them what you want and how you want it cooked and they will provide. It works for my guests and I every time. Understand, the food is very good, and if you take the initiative to tell them up front what you're looking for, you'll be a much happier camper. 

The side dishes are nice, although they tend to be ignored by my crew after a nibble or two. The whole small bottle of soft drink thing drives me nuts, as I'll go through six or seven of them easy, plus water. Seriously, would a fountain soda machine impact profits that much versus charging me for every 8 oz soda? Sheesh. 

I think they have desserts, but none of us have ever had motivation to try one that's for sure. So remember Marco's three rules - go early, graze lightly, and speak up, and you're sure to have a great experience!
ummm it's funny you know. the last time i was at fogo de chao was 2 years ago at the location in beverly hills. and the review that i wrote then is basically word for word exactly what i wanna write now.

please refer here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/fogo-de-chao-beverly-hills#hrid:FJxRe5YnKv8QHKSe1VUvQA

nothing's changed, over both space and time. both (it seems like all?) locations have spectacular service. the meats are SCRUMPTIOUS though i feel like there's a little less variety now than before. and i STILL haven't tried the salad bar. haha oh well. meat will always be 100x better than veggies for me.

the SIDES! caramelized bananas and garlic mashed potatoes were so-so to me. the winners were the muffins (cheese-infused?) and the fried polenta. YUMMY and ENDLESS!! just the way i like it :)

there's also a large selection of wines by the bottle and a smaller selection by the glass. the drink menu is filled with a bunch of fruity cocktails, but there's also a full bar -- so order whatever makes you happy and gorge yourself on the endless meat. bon appetit!
Best. meat. coma. ever!

The night started, and ended with "that's what she said" jokes because it was just so easy with all of that meat around (that's what she...). I wish I had an extra stomach, or at least the stomach of an exceptionally large person because the salad bar was amazing, as were most of the desserts (both the chocolate, and cheesecakes were delicious; the flan was really heavy on the condensed milk which made it less than perfect). I would have loved to enjoy the aforementioned salad bar and desserts more than I got to because I became full really fast. I blame my mother's genes; she's a midget and she passed on quite a few midget qualities to me. Alright, she's not a midget per se, but she is an Indian woman which is the real world equivalent of a hobbit. Well, moving past that odd little tangent... 

I've seen many comments below about the deliciousness of the salad bar and I was a bit incredulous, but that really is one of the best salad bars I've ever experienced. There were some items there that were so delicious that I wanted to get more of them but I had to hold off because I needed the room for the main event. The side dishes were good; not particularly mind blowing. I prefer the Indian equivalent of fried plantains/bananas to Brazilian so take that into account.

I bowed out fairly early (turned the card over to red while everyone else was still saying yes to every meat offering that passed by) so that might be why I never got to try certain things like the Parmesan encrusted pork something or other. My favorites were the Picanha, Filet Mignon wrapped in bacon, and Alcatra. My least favorite were the chicken options because the chicken wrapped in bacon was really dry and unimpressive, and a chicken leg is just a chicken leg no matter how you prepare it.

I couldn't do this every month, or even every other month for that matter; I swear my lower intestines have come to a complete stop (TMI, I know) after that meal, which can only be described as gourmandizing (yes, gourmandizing). It was a great experience nonetheless. One that I will share in vivid detail to all my vegan/vegetarian friends.
Oh Em Geeeeeeee  I was in meat heaven!  Sorry, had to squeal with excitement, now here is the skinny...

1.Don't drive to fogo, take public trans. (you won't be in any shape to drive when it's over anyway.
2.Go for lunch, not dinner. Much more affordable.
3.Cocktails a good, but overpriced .
4.Must try the cheeses on the salad bar, but go easy.
5.Don't be shy, don't see the cut you want, ask them for it.
6.Soak in the experience, its a great building, wonderful food, take someone you love.
7.Tip well, these people work hard and they are a vital part of your experience.

CANNOT WAIT TO RETURN!
Note: This review only covers Fogo during Restaurant Week.

Let me start by saying this review is way over due but speaks volumes if I'm willing to post nearly month later.  Before I visited Fogo de Chao, the only other Brazilian steakhouse I tried was Chima on JFK Boulevard. Chima was delicious but Fogo is out of this world. 

The specials for restaurant week were plenty. For $35, we received a decked out salad and cheese bar, dessert and many mouth-watering meats. MANY! The only tasty meat that was unavailable, I would have liked, was the lamb; but no matter. The dessert choices were NY Cheesecake, Key Lime Pie and Chocolate Mousse cake. The Key Lime had the perfect balance of tartness and the graham crust was moist like cake. I get hungry just thinking about it. 

Third, the drinks were pricey but good. The high point, over than the food, at Fogo was the staff. The were accommodating in every way possible. Our server made sure we had full apps at all times and checked to make sure our meats were coming past our table a satisfying rate. I was completely happy I received all this goodness for $35, instead of $52, which is a good indication of Fogo's service.
I've been here twice, of which the most recent trip was last night for Restaurant Week.  Oh my GOODNESS this place does not disappoint. 
I mean, seriously, ENDLESS amounts of sinfully delicious and SCRUMPTIOUS MEATTT.  Cavemen can't even dream of this carnivorous feast.

I'm also a sucker for their sides too: mashed potatoes, polenta cakes, and popovers (at least, that's what I think they are), and guess what?  THESE NEVER RUN OUT EITHER!!!

My personal favorites are the lamb chops, garlic-rubbed beef ancho (I believe that was the cut), mashed potatoes, and polenta cakes.  Dessert was only alright.  Their chocolate mousse cake and cheesecake were nothing to rave about, but their flaan is the best I've had thus far.

Gluttons, gather.  Here, with steak knife and fork in hand, we will rejoice and conquer this meat conquest.
I don't always eat red meat. But when I do I have it flame grilled to perfect temperatures and served off a sword!

The first thing I realized while reading through the stunning reviews of Fogo De Chao was that it added up to being the perfect meal for the Most Interesting Man in the World. And because of that I reasoned that it would make the perfect epic meal time for my dad's birthday. And that meal also managed to be the most epic moment as a carnivore that I've ever had!

There's really not too much to say about Fogo that hasn't already been covered. The gauchos serving meat off their many swords and pitchforks might just be the modern regalia of meat that's the closest equivalent to viking feasts and medieval celebration (with the exception of Medieval Times at least - http://youtu.be/ou1EBRxLQJs). Yet unlike those other two examples its delivered with impeccable service that's fit for fine dining; and it delivers enough salad bar and side dish offerings (best polenta ever!) to make a couple of your vegetarian friends feel welcome!

Upon seating we quickly descended upon the salad bar where I indulged upon a medley of roasted mushrooms, huge spears of asparagus, a salad of mango & shrimp, and a few strips of crispy bacon for good measure. That might of overdone it just a bit; for when I sat down and flipped my token to green I was immediately bombarded with the prospects of bacon wrapped chicken, impeccably cooked pork sausage, even more chicken!, finely grilled pork ribs, and perhaps the most impressively prepared cuts of steak and prime beef that I've ever experienced. the spices, char marks, and temperatures were so impressive to the point that I may even venture to say that you truly haven't experienced meat until you've experienced here.

Extra details especially went into the service, no matter how many gauchos and servers stopped by the table to render it. the one meat our table wanted to try that constantly alluded us was the lamb, and we mentioned it to one passing gaucho he delivered with gusto in minutes. Add in the constantly topped off waters, the many rotations of side dishes like cheesy mashed potatoes and oh so sweet plantains, and then some; and you have a dining experience that's pretty hard to replicate!
We came here couple of times. But the last time we're here, it wasn't great. It was too crowded. They actually sat us at the exact table as when we're there last. But the experience was totally different.
This time, I kind of felt "ignored" ... like I was sitting there with my "green" card open, but still no one attended our table. I had to keep waving and calling them.  The salad bar was empty most of the time. The staff were so busy, going back and forth, in and out from the kitchen but again, no one seemed to pay attention to our table that they just didn't come with the meat ... not until one of us waived or called them over.
Other than that, the meat was ok. The lamb was good. The bread and the fried banana were great. Overall was an ok experience.
This place is definitely an experience.

We made a reservation through open table (1000 points for most times too!) and went prepared to eat a lot. And boy did we eat a lot.

I'll skip the process since others have commented on this plenty. Overall, the service was great and the food was fresh. Any time we needed something, a waiter somehow magically knew and came by to take care of it. The open area seemed a bit crowded and noisy almost like a cafeteria, but we were sat in a separate dining area (perhaps because we reserved?) which was quiet and fine.

The only drawback was when we were done with the meal and asked for the check. It took quite a lot of time but waiters would stop by to assure me that it was coming. 

All in all, will come back again!
Fogo makes for a great man-night, but it's pricey as hell, and I agree with other reiewers that a lot of the meats don't have a ton of unique.  For this kind of cheddar, Philly has a lot of other restaurants that provide incredible food and service without having to resort to the gimmicky service-swarm/ meat-storm combo.

That said, it's still a lot of fun.
One of the best places on earth and probably a vegetarians nightmare.  This is definitely a place of  PETA (people eating tasty animals). 

Came here for dinner and ordered some cocktails to start.  The mojito was delicious and refreshing.  

They have an amazing salad bar, but I usually don't get much.  You should save your appetite for the main event.  The sides are amazing as well - my favorite is the cheesy bread.  You need to make sure it's nice and warm to get the chewy center.  

The steak is delicious with various cuts.  I think they should have a checklist with all the meats and you can mark off what you got and what you liked.  One thing I would say is to ask to get seated by the door - we got the first dibs on the meat from the grill.  Plenty of crust/seasoning/char delicousness!  

If the meat wasn't enough, they also have a stellar dessert menu.  Ordered the cheesecake with strawberries.  I prefer this place to Chima.
Everyone knows that the meat is excellent here, but if you're not a huge steak-eater (which I'm not) the salad bar is more than a meal. I've come here before and done the full meat deal, but for someone like me (a petite girl who isn't into steak enough to eat her money's worth), the salad bar at half the price ($25) is totally worth it. I'm not a vegetarian, but I looooooove veggies and Fogo has some of the best, along with small meats, cheeses and breads to round out the meal. 

Probably the best salad bar I've ever experienced. Asparagus stalks as thick as your thumb, hearts of palm that melt in your mouth, thinly sliced prosciutto, the freshest of fresh salmon, and a giant wheel of perfectly aged Parmesan that you want to dive head first into and just start gnawing. Plus a variety of salads (chicken, mushroom, caesar), fresh baked bread, and all the typical salad ingredients. Everything is amazingly fresh with servers constantly bringing out new and replacement dishes. I doubt anything sits there for even an hour. 

And the service was no less stellar for me, the salad bar patron. Fogo is truly a topnotch establishment. 

Bonus - they brought out a complementary slice of chocolaty fudgey mousse cake for my bf's bday. That's not so special in and of itself, but we didn't even tell them it was his bday... they noticed a birthday card on the table, asked who's it was, and promptly brought out the cake. Bravo! I always applaud cake.
Meattttttttt =)  It might sounds weird but as a family tradition, after church on Christmas Eve, we gorge here and I can't complain...well I do have ONE suggestion ;o)

When anyone asks me my favorite food: Meat and Potatoes.  The reason this place is not getting 5 stars is because their potatoes could use some work.  Lame I know but what is better with a great piece of bacon wrapped steak or Parmesan encrusted pork chops??? Potatoes!!  Don't get me wrong, I don't think I have ever eaten anything here I didn't like but I just really wish they would step up their game on the mashed potatoes and then I will up this to 5 stars =)

Immediately walking into this place you know you are in for a grand dining experience.  The dining room is one huge, extremely wide and tall room.  It has grand chandlers that add that touch of brilliance.  The service is outstanding.  There are various staff on the floor at all times taking care of you, drink orders, clean plates, serving food, they are extremely nice and accommodating.  

The salad bar, YUMMO!  It is full of fresh salad options, cheese and meats.  The broccoli was my favorite choice along with the cucumber, tomato and onion salad.  So fresh and bold with flavor.  The broccoli seemed to be blanched and was so tasty and delightful.  I also had 1 too many huge green olives, so good!

The meat selection is quite large but since everyone is walking around with different pieces, you are not sure what to say yes to because you don't want to overload and not have enough room for your favorite pieces when they come by.  I adore the sirloin, Parmesan encrusted pork and chicken wings.  All were amazing this time around.  

2 mojitos were on the table (i went with my signature Riesling) but the mojitos were so pretty that I had to taste.  It was delectable.  Fresh and slightly creamy, just so nice.  Next Christmas Even I may have to add that to my list.  

Dessert here, you don't think you would have room since you just inhaled massive amounts of pork, chicken and beef...but you MAKE room for the amazing desserts they offer.  One of the most creamy, refreshing, tasty amazing-ness to ever cross my pallet is the Strawberry Creme.  Fresh strawberry puree mixed with vanilla ice cream and a touch of real creme, then topped with a strawberry liquor to mix in.  Wow is really all I can say, wow.  There were 5 people at our table and 3 orders of the Strawberry Creme...yes it's THAT good.  Also they have a dessert drink cart.  The gentleman who handles that is just charming and delightful.  I had no intention of ordering anything but of course he sold me a glass of $31 ice wine. This name stood out on the menu to my brother and I and we inquired about what was different about it.  After a 10 minute history on this dessert wine produced from grapes that have been frozen while still on the vine...we shared a glass at the table.  It was one of the most unique flavors I have ever tasted.  A slight bitter front taste with a sweet and chilled aftertaste.  It was an awesome combo to my Strawberry Creme.  (Thanks for letting me splurge Dad;o)  

Overall just a delightful visit to Fogo de Chao, until next year my friends!
Merry Christmas!

Salad Bar: 5 stars
Service: 5 stars
Wine: 5 stars
Mojitos: 5 stars (Best mojito I have ever tasted)
Selection of meats: 4 stars
Side dishes: 4 stars
Dessert: 6 stars (yes, I know...)
Dessert Drink Cart: 6 stars  (again, yes, I know...)
IF ONLY I COULD HAVE BEAUTIFUL MEN SERVING ME SKEWERS OF MEAT EVERY DAY. 

I've heard of Fogo de Chao and similar establishments for ages, but never had the opportunity to go. In fact, I've dated two separate men who always promised to take me, but never did --- so when Center City Restaurant Week rolled around, I decided to take matters into my own hands. I called up all my girlfriends, made reservations, and starved myself in preparation for this glorious experience.

That's exactly what Fogo de Chao delivered - a dining EXPERIENCE; the food equivalent of Disney world but instead of costumed characters, it's glowing men and women, and their respective large sticks of various delicious meat. Restaurant Week is the way to go! For $35, we got endless access to the "salad bar:" which was actually salads, beans, rice, fruits, veggies, and the charcuterie board of my dreams - fresh chunks of sliced cheeses, mozzarella balls, and prosciutto. 

This is followed, of course, by all you care to eat meat. Simply flip the magical coaster to green for "go" and within seconds you'll have folks buzzing about ready to slice you a fresh cut of their respective meats. Everything I tried was tender, beautifully seasoned, and cooked to absolute perfection. The sirloin was my favorite. I only wish I could have taken a to-go box. 

Also included in the $35 restaurant week package is your choice of dessert: Key Lime Pie, Cheesecake, or Chocolate Mousse Cake. My friend and I split the Cheesecake and Chocolate Mousse Cake. Both were good, but just average in comparison to everything else we ate that night.

Service was fantastic given the fact it was restaurant week and packed with folks. You really don't even notice the skewered men strolling about, I swear they just magically fall from the heavens. The place wasn't overly dressy, but it's definitely on the more upscale side. I came in black jeans and decent top, but I definitely saw lots of folks in denim. There's not strict dress code, but I'd probably veer away from yoga pants and flip-flops.

For restaurant week, this place is a steal. I'm not sure I'd come back any other time unless invited, just because it's not particularly in my price point for a casual night out. I'd suggest making a reservation and eating light on the day you plan to come because you'll want to make room for the endless food thrown your way. You've been warned.
Nothing much to say, there're a lot of reviews already. Went there for by hubby birthday. Im glad that we made reservation first, it was so full on Saturday dinner. We came 15 minutes late, but only wait 5 minutes to be seated which is great.

The place is beautiful, we got sit in the corner back of the resto. But we had excellent services and food always came. The salad bar was great, they have some exotic fruits like papaya, pineapples, and asian pears. It was fresh and tasty. The meat also great. But what i like the most is the cheese bread! Me and my son ate a lot. Haha. U need to eat it when its hot. When i tell the server that it was my hubby birthday, he gave us the compliment dessert.

All was great, since we pay quite pricey to eat there. Only 1 problem that they said we might win brazilian gateway by putting a code that would be drawn later. They didnt give us any codes until we paid the bill. When i asked, they give us a lot of codes (1 codes in 1 card). And all the codes didnt work when i tried to input in their website! So what to brag about? Dont hope too much if they make some events like this!
Wow.

So glad they opened one of these in Philly. Let me explain . . .

It is like you are a King (or Queen) and your humble servants just want to please you so they keep presenting you with the best cuts of meat, bowing down, and refilling your drinks and handing you new plates.

The service was killer: they work in teams here and about 5 different people (including the manager) stopped by our table to either get us new drinks, give us new plates or just ask what cut of meat we would like to be offered more of.

The $44.50 per person for dinner includes a salad bar and then the all-you-can-eat meat selections.

SALAD BAR:
You should really skip this. Not because it's bad but because you are about to eat more meat than the cavemen and you can get salad anywhere. You should go up for the fresh mozzarella, prosciutto and hug chunks of Parmeggiano Reggiano (that must have cost them a fortune). Wrap your prosciutto with the parm and you'll be in heaven. Besides that, save your appetite.

DRINKS:
They have bottles of wine lining the wall, but you can also get a huge stein of beer or just girly drinks like a chocolate martini. I recommend getting the Brazilian cherry ginger ale (perfect to wash down your heavy meal).

MEAT:
You flip over your green card when you want an endless stream of Gauchos coming you way with meat on a stick. Turn it red if you need a break to chew. My recommendations: the chicken (no, seriously - it had more flavor than any of the red meat), the lamb (holy shit), the sausage (comes with the chicken) and the Parmesan-crusted pork. Yea the filet and bottom roast and other red meats are good - but it tastes like any other steak.

DESSERT:
They have like 12 choices, which surprised me because they know they already won you over at this point and can just enter the comfort zone (aka: sorbet and cheese plates). They have a turtle cheesecake, flan, molten chocolate cake, chocolate mousse cake, etc. etc.....
I can't recommend dessert, though, because at this point of the meal I was throwing up meat.
I'd been planning on dining at Fogo de Chão for sometime, so I figured since I was going to be in Philadelphia for the weekend, I'd make a reservation. I arrived about 10 minutes earlier and I was greeted by three pleasant and smiling hostesses and I was seated immediately. My waiters name was Carlos and he was great. He explained the menu to me even though I was already familiar with Brazilian Rodizio. The meat that was brought to the table was excellent, well seasoned, and well cooked and was also brought to us very often, roughly every 5 minutes or so. 

If I had to complain about something, it would be that the buffet is pretty average and it didn't really knock my socks off. There was a cold buffet which was pretty good and had many options but the hot buffet had bread, rice and beans and thats pretty much it. One more thing that is keeping me from giving Fogo de Chão five stars is that Rodizio is the only thing on the menu. Cocktail shrimp is also available but if your expecting something else to order, such as Paella, Mar y tierra, or other dishes, you may be disappointed. They do offer garlic mash potatoes, cooked bananas (not platanos) and fried yuca as side orders with the buffet which is a plus. All in all, I enjoyed Fogo de Chão and I would eat there again but I may go earlier in the day to avoid the crowd.

As far as price, it was a little more than I expected. The Rodizo is a little more expensive than what I'm used to paying in New Jersey, even for dinner prices. It was about $50 per person which in my opinion is a little high.
So glad I ended up here for restaurant week this year! For $35, we got a full three course unlimited dinner with amazing service- really can't beat that. They have a huge salad bar with exotic fruits and veggies, and the main meal consisted of plenty of cuts of steak with pork and chicken. They have this coaster that you'd flip depending on whether you want the waitstaff to come over and bring you more meat. You WILL get full so definitely have a light lunch! Key lime pie I ended up taking home since my stomach couldn't fit it anymore, but was the perfect size and perfectly tangy without being too sweet. Loved my experience here and hope to be back soon!
Why would this place ever get under 5 stars??? I Looooove this place! Ok, ok, so I swore off pork and I'm trying to lower my red meat intake, but once in a while it's ok right? Oh who cares, with meat this good I could eat it every day! Everything here is yummy, from the salad, to the meat and of course, the dessert! Just make sure you wear your comfy clothes and come HUNNNNNGRY!
You know a place is good when you're actually overwhelmed by the amount of delicious meat that is on your plate and you have to politely turn away dudes dressed as pirates while trying to battle the meat sweats. I've been to Fogo de Chao in Atlanta and Cleveland and this restaurant in Philly was very similar and just as awesome. Sure it can be a little pricey at about $50/person for food alone, but if you come hungry you won't be disappointed. 

The salad bar has some tasty pre-meat options but the star of the show is the meat that comes hand delivered by the pirate dudes. Some of our favorites are the bacon wrapped sirloin, the top round, and of course the filet. This place is also really great for those with gluten allergies. Everything is gluten free except for the chicken, croutons, and taboulleh salad. Even the little cheese rolls are cooked naturally gluten free.
Fogo de Chao is the best steakhouse I've been to, hands down. As an avid red-meat-eater, I find myself constantly craving steak so a Brazilian steakhouse is perfect for me!

I've been here a few times in the past. The first time, I did not enjoy my experience solely because of a single waiter who came by and flipped my card back to red TWICE because I told him I wasn't waiting for any particular meat (I was waiting in general for something new to come by). HOWEVER, I have not had any bad experiences since (and haven't seen that waiter again, thankfully!). 

Dinner at Fogo is amazing: the meat is perfectly seasoned, the staff is quick and friendly, and the salad bar is wonderful (though I prefer to spend most of my meal feasting on meat). My favorite cuts are the Top Sirloin, the Filet Mignon (it also comes wrapped in bacon), and the Ribeye. You can ask for whichever temperature and the staff will accommodate you.

Furthermore, the sides are to die for! Try not to get too caught up eating these if you're looking to make good on the hefty $50 dinner price but you cannot leave without at least trying the pao de queijo (Brazilian Cheesy Bread) and the fried bananas. 

If you want a delicious (non-alcoholic) drink, try the Brazilian limeade. It's a drink made with limes and sweetened condensed milk.

All in all, I love this restaurant and I highly recommend it!
Having been to both Chima and Fogo, I personally like Chima better. Fogo seems like a more elegant and fancier place with traditional architecture, which is fitting since it is near the City's theater district. (Chima is more modern looking and feels like a food fest.) Meat is meat is meat, but the "salad bar" at Chima is better. Service between the two is comparable, as soon as you show the green side of your button, you are swarmed with meat servers. Price is comparable as well.

If you want to feel fancy while devouring tons of meat, pick Fogo. If you are true to your gluttonous side without the need to feel fancy, pick Chima.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!!! We came into Fogo for a birthday celebration, but little did we know we would be given one of the most amazing experiences of our lives. Our server, Any (yes, with an N!), was the best! She was so sweet and happy, and gave us the care and attention a guest deserves. Chef Michael was exquisite and made us feel like old friends over for dinner. Chef, you filled our stomachs with the most delicious food and we cannot wait to come back. Thank you staff, for allowing us to come in as your last table and enjoy your wonderful atmosphere. And thank you for working through these hard times!! We appreciate your high spirits and warm hospitality. We will see you next time :D
Everyone is going to hate me for this, but I'm sorry, I have to express my opinions about this place. 

I've been to the Fogo de Chao in Washington, DC a couple of times, LOVED EVERY MINUTE OF IT! I want to desperately say the same thing about this place, HOWEVER, I can't. I'm only giving them a two star rating because of the all-you-can-eat. The quality of the meats were amazing, if you were able to get any on your plate. So here's the break down:

Service - We showed up as a party of six. Well dressed, with a reservation. We were seated, but it took the server forever to get us our drinks. We never got our plates, we had to get them ourselves, and if you wanted a certain cut of meats (even when your card was green) you had to chase them down. I felt like we were invisible that night. Aside from the different selection of meats, I LOVE the fried bananas and the mash that they serve, well those took FOREVER to come as well.

The food was not disappointing by any means, however, the service was nothing close to acceptable for Fogo de Chao. Hopefully this was just an off day.
I visited Fogo for indoor dining and have mixed feelings about it. The waiters all wore masks and face shields. It was really hard to hear some of the them due to that so I wish they spoke up. 

Due to covid, the salad bar isn't self serve which makes sense. Instead, there's a worker who will walk with you around the table and will put the food on your plate. I was probably disappointed the most at the salad bar because the waiter had her mask under her nose the entire time. She also didn't seem to talk and would point to the food as we went around the salad bar to see if that's what I wanted. I had to speak really loud for her to understand me and it was a little bit frustrating that she kept pointing to the food instead of asking what I wanted. 

I decided to order an entree instead of doing the full experience because I wasn't that hungry. I got the Pan-Seared Salmon with asparagus and it was good but nothing memorable. 

Lastly, the interior is beautiful, clean and elegant. It was much bigger than I thought and all the tables were 6 feet apart. However, the restroom didn't match that elegant feel. 

I definitely want to visit Fogo again and try the full meat experience but I think I'll wait until COVID is behind us.
For any meat lover, if you haven't heard of Fogo then you need to get out from the rock you've been living under.  

Like any chain model, the usual salad bar, sides dishes, and all you can eat gluttonous experience is pretty much the same as the other locations that I've been to.  I do think it's a step above the others because when I ask for a medium cut, I can get a medium cut.  

The bar is pretty legit too.  Nothing less than a heavy handed pour.  I might even (how dare I say it) just come back for the drinks alone.
I took my fiance last night for his birthday.  The only reason we came here was because our first choice had no openings for 3 hours and I'm glad we did. 

Being our first time, it was a bit confusing and we were lost, fortunately for us the waitstaff were impeccable and predicted all of our needs. We waited around an hour and had a few drinks at the bar. I had the brazilian Martini and mango refresco both very tropical tasting and strong. As others have mentioned, drinks are a bit pricer however I won't complain as they were strong and quality juices and ingredients were used. 

When our table for 2 was ready we were taken back. Wow does food taste better when you don't have a screaming and kicking toddler. Thanks mom! Our waitress took our drink order and explained the process. We understood the salad bar process and the green and red chip but were a little lost on the sides. As my fiance was asking these were brought out. The fried bananas polenta fries and mashed potatoes are unlimited. All side were delicious besides the mashed potatoes which tasted like boxed potatoes.  Also appetizers were offered you really don't want to do this as you will have even less room for meat. My fiancé ordered the shrimp cocktail (it's huge) which we ended up taking home. 

As others suggested we only made one round to the salad bar which is huge, beautiful, and so fresh. I am sad I didn't have more room. The highlight of the night for me was the tabbouleh which was fresh and really memorable. For me the bread was not at all appetizing it tasted like fried cardboard. 

The meats were all perfectly seasoned and were circulating regularly. We really did not eat enough to justify the price. But I was overall pleased, not only with the food and drinks, but by the great effort everyone from the hostesses and waiters to the bartenders give that make this restaurant run like a well-oiled machine. 
Also, they offer valet parking(for dinner only) which I wish we would have known being we parked far and paid more for parking.
For the most part, I did not enjoy my meal at Fogo de Chao.

All of the pork and chicken cuts were dry. I was consistently served meat one to two levels above medium rare. Because we were seated under a vent, our food became cold within minutes. We never received the ribeye or refill of caramelized bananas we requested. And the list keeps going...

Fortunately, the meal wasn't entirely bad. Unlike most salad bars, the items boasted a variety of textures, from fluffy quinoa to tender hearts of palm. The caramelized bananas were delicious when warm. And the top sirloin was tender, juicy, and flavorful.

To sum it up, Fogo de Chao, to me, is like The Cheesecake Factory. Once a year, you get this inexplicable craving to go order a meal that is larger than your face. But once there, you wonder why you're spoiling your entire day's appetite on a meal you only half like.
I've been to multiple Fogo locations across the country and I would say this is my LEAST favorite location. For some reason the servers here are not as nice, meat comes out a heck of a lot slower, and in general, the service is below par compared to the other locations. 

I've been to this location about 5 times, and I'd confidently say the most recent one is my last visit. We came with a reservation for 1230PM, but we didn't get to our table until 1:05. We wanted lamb chops for the last HOUR of our meal and literally had to ask 8 times before they came around. Not only did it take forever, they were also incredibly rude about it. I also got meat juice splattered on my clothes and on my husbands face. Thanks for the acne, Fogo. They also took about 20 minutes to get the check. We should've just walked out at that point! 

Meat quality here is the same as everywhere - great and on point. Just good luck actually getting the meat!
I came here for restaurant week and philly and definitely come back. Their salad bar and cheese bread was completely delicious. 

But their brisket and lamb really killed it. I haven't had lamb done that well in a while. I definitely owe them a visit back.

Oh and make sure to get the pineapple caipirinha - recommended by our waitress!
My girlfriend and I visited Fogo de Cho last night for my birthday dinner and had a wonderful time. We went on a Sunday night without a reservation and were seated immediately. Although it was our first time, we were already familiar with how to order using the double-sided coaster. In case you're not: "Each guest uses a two-sided disk to control the pace of their meal. The green side signals the Gaucho chefs to bring out skewers of sizzling fire-roasted meats to carve at the table. The red side indicates a stopping point. Turning back to green lets the Gaucho chefs know to start offering the meats again."

Before the onslaught of meat begins, you are treated to an extremely well maintained salad bar, delicious cheese bread, and (what appeared to be) a large selection of wines. Our waitress was very friendly and reminded us to save room for the main course. My girlfriend remarked that "it's like people are watching us," and that is one distinct feeling you get in Fogo De Chao, because many chefs, servers, and waiters are looking to see which side your card is on before interrupting you or moving on to the next table.

When I adventurously decided to flip to green, I was within seconds approached by three chefs who served me meats. Realize that you don't have to try everything, but I think it's worth it to sample a wide range of meats. After 3 or 4 pieces arrived on my plate I flipped to red, enjoyed the food and repeated the process. The staff of Fogo de Cho is hyper-attentive and friendly so if you need a new plate, more bread, more of a side dish, or want a specific type of meat they will delightfully make that happen.

We saved room for dessert and split the Molten Chocolate Cake which is very reminiscent of Applebee's Triple Chocolate Meltdown, which happens to be one of my favorite desserts. We loved it.

All in all Fogo de Cho is a wonderful date-night or special occasion alternative to the traditional Italian or American sit down. For $45 per person, I would highly recommend it for carnivores looking to explore new preparations of meat without being stuck with something they don't like.
MEAT PARADE!!  I remember when I still lived in Philly and they said "Coming soon: Fogo de Chao" and I was like huh, what's that?

I love that my first trip here was with my huge family including my aunt who grew up in Brazil.  I think it's impossible to leave here hungry. They will just keep bringing you food until they have to roll you out.

Not even sure of all the things I ate.  Pretty much a little of everything.  I loved the fried polenta. So good.  I also liked the bacon wrapped chicken.

For the record, the carpet is red for people like me who drop and break their wine glasses on the floor.  Uh, oops.  But at least the red wine sort of blends in with the carpet ha ha.  But the servers were way attentive and when I did break the glass they were there faster than bees on honey.
Lets start with when you walk into the door. Immediately you are greeted by very friendly hosts. I have always made reservations when I come here to eat (usually a week or 2 in advance because it fills up quick). If you are not seated immediately, there is a nice bar right at the entrance that will make any drink you can come up with. 

Upon being seated, a very informative server will come to your table and give a nice little talk on how the restaurant works. There are so many different wines to select from that cover just about every wall in the restaurant. If you don't know what to choose and need some help, the server is very knowledgeable and helpful. If you want a soft-drink, beware, they are $3 a soda, and NOT free refills. This is the only negative I give the place. 

Once your drink orders are taken, you will be invited up to the salad bar in which another server will hand you an enormous plate for salad. If you read most of the reviews below, they tell you to beware of the salad. This is true, but to some extent. There are so many fresh vegetables, cold cut meats and fish, and fresh cheeses. This is not an ordinary salad bar. You must at least try some of the delicious options they present you. Some people will say other "high-end" restaurants" have a better salad bar. All I can say is that this is the by far the best one I have seen and been to. By the way, you can come and just have the salad bar for half the cost of the full-course dinner. 

When you get back to the table, there will be 4 deliciously-looking/tasting sides brought out to you. Cheese bread- its so light and fluffy and tasty. Try not to go overboard with eating them (although you easily could). Crispy polenta-I didn't try this until my last visit and I am upset it took so long for me to. Mashed potatoes- Pretty standard but yummy. Caramelized bananas- These are addicting and so sweet. They are a must try. I thought the idea of them sounded gross at first, but was so happy when I tried it.

Once you are ready to move on the meat portion, the real feast will begin. Once you do so, make sure you are ready because you will get bombarded by gaucho chefs, but in a good way. You may feel overwhelmed the first time you are there, but you will get used it and love it. Once that card goes green, you will fall into a meat heaven and never want to return. I am going to break down each meat and give my personal opinion of it so take it with a grain of salt. Most meats are rare-medium temp when served. :)

House Sirloin (PIcanha)- One of the best meats here, although I could probably 
say this about all of the meats. So tender and juicy. 

Top Sirloin- This meat is just a step behind the house sirloin, but not by much. 

Bottom Sirloin- It is more of a charred steak and very salty and juicy. It is one of the only meats I don't care for that much (although I would eat it and enjoy it at any other restaurant)

Garlic Steak- It is the same cut as the house special with a garlic marinade. I do love garlic but for some reason found this too be a little too much for me. I know other people who absolutely loved it.

Fillet Mignon- This is hands down the best cut of meat. It is so tender and flavorful and perfect. 

Fillet Wrapped in Bacon- Wow is this delicious. Just as tender and the regular but with added flavor. I am not a huge bacon eater, but absolutely adore this selection. If you really don't like bacon, still get it and remove the bacon. it still absorbs so much flavor in the meat but you get rid of the overwhelming taste of bacon and salt. 

Rib Eye- I can't decide if I like this or the House sirloin better. The flavor is so rich and perfect. Its a beautiful looking piece of meat.

Leg of Lamb- I am not a big lamb fan.  But other family members who do like Lamb say this is the best.

Lamb Chops- Same as above.

Chicken Legs- The flavor is very different on these but so amazing. People say to not eat chicken at a place like this, but it is too delicious to pass up.

Chicken Wrapped in Bacon- So flavorful. Better than the chicken legs.
Sausage- I never tried this! I am not a fan of sausage which is why I never did.

Parmesan Pork- Only tried this for the first time my last visit there. It was surprisingly delicious. The Parmesan is not overwhelming and adds a nice texture to the meat

Pork/Beef Ribs- Both ribs are very good but nothing out of this world.

That being said, i suggest you still try all the cuts at first, and if you have room ( I always do), you can start being selective by saying yes to only the ones that stuck out to you. 

Dessert is a must no matter how full you are. The Papaya Cream is breathtaking. I would never think to try it, but am so glad I did. The molten chocolate cake is so delicious. This ice cream is very creamy and thick.

Overall, this is hands down my favorite restaurant. You will feel like royalty in the way the staff treats and serves you. Its a must-try dinner.
Nothing better than dinner and a movie, especially when the two share a theme; And last night that theme was giant slabs of flesh. So, after watching Delicatessen a group of us decided it was high time we try the famed Fogo De Chao .

And yes, once we arrived I was wowed, which is no easy task. The warm colors, walls of wine bottles and tall ornate ceilings complete with crystal chandeliers knocked me on my ass. It was instantly clear that the business owners knew how to take advantage of the City's historical architecture. The beauty of the dining hall, however, was hampered by a noteworthy echo created by the high ceilings, which resulted in a noisy dining environment.

Once we were seated we were explained by our waiter the churrascaria way of serving and it was grand. You get a card, green on one side -red on the other; Green means "keeps it coming wit' the meat", red means "Stop- I'm dyin!"  The slabs of meat keep coming, with no limit, for 50 bucks a head. ($25 for lunch, with the same selection)

The service was stupendous. The clearing of plates and refilling of the drinks was so fast I hardly noticed the waiters going through the motions of their profession. Food service was still a bit distracting since waiters would pop out without warning holding sizzling skewer of meat. This made the dining experience feel a bit like being accosted be meat ninja sometimes. (waiters need bells on each of 'em)

Now as for the food, little can be said food that has not been said already. The seasoning tended towards salty and suited the Churrasco flavors. Nothing was too lean. If you ask for well done, got well done.

Highlights included garlic steak, fillet mignon, bacon wrapped fillet mignon, and the chicken. 

The lamb was majorly disappointing though - way too gamey and tough. (and I Love lamb)

The salad bar was impressive, but NOT worth $50. (or even $25) So, if you are a vegetarian this is not somewhere you should tag along with your carnivorous buddies.

All in all a good meal.
A solid 4 out of 5 if you're talking lunch.
Definitely the best "Brazilian Steak House" in the city.  One of the others gives you a $50 off coupon just to get you to come in.  We did and it pales in comparison to Fogo De Chao. So - no coupons here but just great food.

I assume you understand the Brazilian steak house concept but if not, in a nutshell, you have a red sided/green sided disk at each place setting.  When, after helping yourself to the salad bar, you are ready to start trying the various meats, you turn the disk to the green side and the "Gaucho chefs" will begin to bring different selections to your table (on swords) for you to sample, carving table side to your liking (rare, medium, well done).  When you need a break, you flip the disk to the red side.   So now let's back up to the salad bar - I'll never be able to cover all the items available, but some were: fresh asparagus, hearts of palm, sun dried tomatoes, artichoke hearts, chicken salad, numerous items to build your own salad, smoked salmon, prosciutto,  cheeses, marinated shitake mushroom and the list goes on and on.  As for the high quality meats - how many ways can you say steak - filet mignon, bottom sirloin, rib eye, top sirloin, filet wrapped in bacon, beef ancho.  Then there's leg of lamb, grilled chicken, sausages, bacon wrapped chicken, beef and pork ribs.

All of this is served in a beautiful dark wood room, with chandeliers, tall pillars, and high ceilings by a group of people who really seem to be enjoying themselves.

It's $49.99 per person for dinner.  Wine prices seem to start around $35 and go up from there.  A fun place to go - but not necessarily if you're a vegetarian !
There is a stereotype that men tend to put on weight after marriage. Considering the fact that I've been invited to multiple bachelor parties that include dinner at Fogo de Chao, I'm beginning to think there might be something to that.

From the moment you walk in this Brazilian steakhouse until the moment you are rolled out, you are treated to an elegant dining experience that has no equivalent in the all-you-can-eat world. 

Fogo cuts no corners, from its classic decor, to the salad bar filled with expensive cheeses, to the consummate, sword-bearing professionals who serve you an endless barrage of meats. 

I'm convinced they have to have a slaughterhouse on the premises just to keep up with the demand. I'm also convinced that one trip here would ruin the song "Old MacDonald Had a Farm" for my daughter.

I agree with Michael M (and the others), who said that you get more bang for your buck at lunch, but when you remember that this is a steakhouse, the price doesn't seem all that extravagant for dinner either. 

It may be unconventional to add a link to a Yelp review but I feel I would be doing you a disservice if I didn't point you to Jason Sheehan's article from Westword about this churrascaria. It is a very entertaining read. http://www.westword.com/2009-11-12/restaurants/fogo-de-chao-sticks-it-to-the-steakhouse-concept/
four strong stars, i just wasnt hungry enough , DAMMIT! to keep it short and sweet, hot meat on swords carved in front of you, in endless amounts.the meat is good quality, the service is awesome, some have said overbearing but i disagree. the little chicken legs rule. and the sangria is pretty good too. next time i'm not eating for two days before going!
For $50 per person, you get amazing service and some of the best meat to ever cross your tastebuds.  Oh, and it's all-you-can-eat.

Let's begin...

Upon reaching your table, you'll be directed to the salad bar for a first course.  "Salad" isn't exactly the right word, though.  You'll be faced with a dizzying array of gourmet lettuces, vegetables, cheeses, and various other tasty things.  It's certainly possible to make a salad, but it won't be lonely on your plate.  You'll be tempted to cart several heaping platters back to your table.  Resist the urge.  You'll need your strength for what's ahead.

Each diner has a round button at his or her place setting.  When you arrive, the red side is facing up.  After ravaging the salad bar to your satisfaction, grasp the button and flip it to green.  Then buckle up and prepare for the meat train.

Within half a minute, your side dishes will arrive.  Fried polenta, mashed potatoes, cheese bread, caramelized bananas... they come out of nowhere.  Then, before you know it, men will begin queuing up with various types of meat - beef, chicken, pork, and lamb cut in different ways and grilled to perfection.  Take what you want, then turn your button red side up before you're overwhelmed.  Eat and repeat.  You can have as much as you want.

In all seriousness, the food is fantastic.  It's inspired by Brazilian cattle rancher grilling, and the quality is top notch.  My favorite thing was the bacon-wrapped filet mignon.  So much, in fact, that the head waiter noticed and began sending more over when he saw me finish.  The service throughout was spectacular; the staff were attentive and helpful.

If you're in Philadelphia and you want a treat (and don't mind the price tag), I can't recommend Fogo de Chao enough.  It's the only time in recent memory when I spent $50+ on a meal and felt it was totally worth it.
My husband and I stayed in Philadelphia for our wedding anniversary and we originally had reservations at a different restaurant for our first night, but my husband wasn't interested in the place and wanted to go somewhere else. He said he was hungry. Very hungry. So he looked up Fogo and it was a short walk from our hotel and we made a reservation for 8:30 pm for two people. I didn't want to come because we have a Fogo close to our house and I wasn't interested in a chain restaurant, but he really wanted to come so I obliged and I'm glad I did! 

This Fogo is MUCH nicer than the one we have in Baltimore. The architecture and the interior are just BEAUTIFUL! We walked in and waited behind a couple people to see the hostess. After a few minutes, we told her we had a reservation and she gave us a buzzer and said to wait just a couple minutes for our table. Less than two minutes later, our buzzer went off and we were shown to a table. The service here is phenomenal, from the hostess to the servers to the Gauchos and everyone else moving about the restaurant. Everyone greets you and everyone is just there to serve. 

We told our waitress that we had been to a Fogo before so she didn't explain the rules (you are given a card, one side is red and the other is green: green means give me meat and red means do not give me meat and the Gauchos will come to you when the card is on green). I told her I was only interested in the salad bar so she took my meat items (card and tongs) away. She brought our drinks quickly and then we were able to start with the food.

It is pretty crazy in the restaurant and to navigate to the salad bar can be a little hectic with all the moving people, but the staff is very aware of their surroundings and they would see me going one way, so they would go another way to avoid bumping into me. It was kind of like a fun maze to get to the salad bar and back. The salad bar is not like your average salad bar at a Ruby Tuesday's. This salad bar has amazing cured bacon, plenty of cheese (fresh mozzarella, shredded Parmesan, and more that I didn't recognize, but tasted amazing), kale tossed with a lemon tahini dressing, sundried tomatoes, roasted bell peppers, Caesar salad, pineapple, papaya, pasta salad, chickpea hash, prosciutto, hard salami, smoked salmon with capers, tomatoes with basil and olive oil, large chunks of cucumbers, grilled zucchini, soup of the day (we had butternut squash), homemade croutons, the biggest asparagus you have ever seen, hearts of palm, artichoke hearts, and more. That's just what I got :)

I made my way back to our table and another server came by and dropped off sides of garlic mashed potatoes, plantains, cheesy bread rolls and fried polenta. In addition to all this, my husband was getting meat after meat after meat brought to him since he had his card up on the green side pretty much the whole time. He did flip it over to red to take a break so he could eat and no kidding, within two seconds of flipping it back over to the green side, a gaucho was at the table presenting him with more meat. The attentiveness of the staff here is on point. We never had to ask for a refill of our drinks or sides. Everything was brought to us without us having to ask. The food is amazing, tasteful and full of flavor. 

Our waitress could tell we were getting full and asked us if we were interested in coffee or dessert, but we were so stuffed and declined her offer. She asked if we were celebrating anything and we told her we were celebrating our anniversary. A few minutes later she brought us a slice of chocolate cake with "Happy Anniversary" written on the plate in icing along with a candle in a strawberry with whipped cream on the side. She said it was on the house. Even though we were full, we still indulged in this cake and it was decadent and rich. All the staff that passed by saw the plate and wished us a happy anniversary. I really can't believe the level of service that the staff has here. It is just amazing.

Food and service make this Fogo 5 stars. I wish I could give it 10 stars!
I'm sure some food snobs may hunt me down to ask "really, Ava?? Only 3 stars??" If asked, I would remain firm in my opinion that although my experience was overall fine, I did not think that Fogo de Chao lived up to the hype.

I thought the meats were seasoned well, although I found the sausage inedible. The tabbouleh on the salad bar was FANTASTIC (the best I've had!). However, every time I asked for Medium well meat, I always seemed to get medium or medium rare. In addition, the overall ambiance of the restaurant was more reminiscent of Maggiano's (loud voices and bad lighting) than of a place to have an intimate birthday dinner (which is what I was there for). Plus there were way too many people there in sweats, jeans and sneakers...it completely took away from the atmosphere. 

I'm not rushing back to Fogo de Chao anytime soon.
Went here for my dad's birthday dinner . They give you a card & when you are ready for the meat to come around you turn the card on green. On red when you are done. They come around fairly fast as soon as you flip you card on green & they keep coming . The meat was very good. The salad bar was excellent. The staff was great. Although I kind of felt a little rushed to eat our food. (My dads birthday falls on Mother's Day weekend). I am not really into eating all that red meat . I stuck to the chicken that was coming around. My father is a big steak eater & loved the restaurant. Would love to thank the staff for the wonderful service & contributing to my father having a wonderful birthday
Ummm my friend took me here for my bday one day. I was hooked right away. I can't say how much I ate,,,, but I sampled everything. I needed a wheel barrow to get out. Everything was perfectly cooked and I went on an empty stomach to ensure my cravings. 0MG. Can't wait to go back . Very unique!
The inside of this place is gorgeous. Very old world Philadelphia.... Fogo De Chao is a chain, and this place is up to par with its brethren in other cities. Service was great as it always has been at the other Fogo's I've been to. I wish I had a couple extra stomachs available -- I got hit with the meat coma very quickly and did not do my visit the justice it deserved!
Meat on skewers arriving and sliced tableside, awesome.  All of the different varieties of meat are delish, minus the sausage-not a fan.  A georgeous dining room and well maintained facility leads into making this a must try for carnivores.  The cold bar is fresh and kept up frequently but don't eat too much. One thing you do not have to worry about here is service, although the servers/bussers may be all over you and your table waiting for you to finish that last bite to take you plate, I feel them wanting to take care of you is genuine and part of the concept.
Heaven on a large meat skewer! OMG, this place is fabulous- I'm not going to go in detail of how the place works because other people below have already taken the time to do so- All I can say is, fast all day before going to this place! The food is never ending- I was full for 2 days straight!  Here's my rundown

The salad bar- A meal within itself! I really think I may just opt for this alone  the next time I go back- it was stocked with letuces, cheeses, meets, fruits ( to mix in the salad)- it was so yum

The warm cheesy bread - next time I may have to put my red card right on top of the basket so they don't refill it because it is so freakin good- I could have just ate that and the salad bar alone and been completely satisfied.

The meats- I tried all 15 meats and was very pleased ( followed by on the verge of purging from all the goodness I consumed!) -It's all about your preference - the majority is red meat but you do get chicken and pork as well- the nice part is you can tell them how you like it and they'll cut that part of the meat that is cooked more or less

The sides- Mashed potatoes ( I'm irish so I was loving these), fried polenta ( ehh, ok, not my favorite, kinda blah) and Fried bananas ( no thanks, didn't even try them so can't comment)

The wine list- huge and the pino grigio I had was delish

The deserts - yes, I know you're prob thinking , how the hell could she even fit dessert in, but it was my bf's bday so I had to have something come out for him- The warm molten cake with icecream was so yummy- I will never attempt dessert though again if I even get the full package next time- I'm lucky I didn't pop a button off my jeans after that one!

The service- the best I've received in Philly in a long time! I felt like I was royalty!

So to sum it up ,I highly reccomend this place- if you're a chick and are not a big meat eater but wanna take your bf there or join a group of friends, don't be discouraged, get the salad bar by itself and you will be very pleased:)
Went there for lunch last month..u get a coupon via email $15 off.
I thought it was fantastic service and bountiful offerings ..Everything was super top quality.
Great meats breads sides salads rice n beans etc etc i paid $10 extra for a huge delish servibg of cake .
They spare no expense and will kerp bombarding you with meats and sides ..
Service was impeccable..
I recommend lunch or early dinner.
Not a meal you wanna start at 8 pm.
It was good. AND SO MUCH FUN!
I took the bf for his bday.
We had a fun time but I just can't eat that much to make that $50 worth it.
I would have rathered spent $50 on a nice app and a nice cut of meat somewhere else. 
But again, lots of fun, the bf and I giggled the whole time cause it is chaos with all these gaucho dudes rolling thru cutting slabs of diff meat off on your plate.
This place is amazing. The salad bar is great but it's really one of those places where you should skip the salad bar and make up for it tomorrow. The serving style is interesting with the "gauchos" bringing you some amazing meats from nearly every animal on a stick. Medium Rare, Medium and Well done meats. My FAVORITE things there are the bacon wrapped filet mignon and the polenta. I recommend this place to everyone I know. Better than Chima!
Holy moly, this place is great. The salad bar was fine, though I was so focused on the meats that I didn't pay it much attention. The price is steep, but you get your money's worth in return. The only issue is that after eating so much meat, be prepared to feel gross for a good day afterward. If they had a side of Lipitor on the menu, this place would be perfect!

I think it's actually a great date spot, strangely enough. I know, an all-you-can-eat churrascaria doesn't sound very romantic, but the ambience is actually quite nice. And there's something quite liberating about your date and you watching each other eat pounds of meat. None of that "I'll get the salad so they don't think I'm a pig" nonsense.
Had a choice between this Restuarant and R2L for my wife's birthday.  I saw the high reviews and figured this would be a great experience.  I also thought since it was more expensive than Chima the service and food would be better.  My wife loves Chima and I was told this is a step up.  Wrong!  

First, the restaurant is beautiful with nice wood trim and pretty wine racks.  We made reservations and was seated promptly.  We decided to put the salad bar on pause as we wanted to get right into the meats.  I was not impressed with the beef or chicken.  The guys with food was giving us big pieces which didn't allow us to taste other varieties.  I felt like I was wasting food.  The lamb chop was terrible.  I love lamb chops.  We ate a piece of beef that had a weird taste.  The chicken also had a weird taste.  My wife got sick and she didn't eat much.  While in the bathroom she their was another lady who had an issue (vomiting) with the food.  I didn't have some issues right away.  

It wasn't a great experience.  The service was okay.  We noticed that the staff (everyone) don't smile at all.  Didn't feel level of attention was up to our expectations for a meal over $50.  Our waitress was effiecie to but showed no concern that my wife was ill.  She did present her with complimentary dessert for her birthday.  It was a nice touch.  

My wife's experience was horrible.  My experience was that the food was cold, not tasty, and not that much variety of meats.  The seafood was a la carte.  For $53 pp it should be included.  Chima provides salmon.  

This restaurant is highly overrated.  I enjoyed rodizio and Chima much more.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.  There are better options for Brazilian steakhouse and high end Restuarants.
Service is amaze.Meat is amaze,Salad bar can use improvement and variety,side dishes also.But definitely best Brazilian steakhouse I've been too.Much much better than chima.Also try their mojitos!
Pretty much eat until you can no longer walk, then call an Uber to save yourself the embarrassment. 

For $35pp during restaurant week, you're probably getting the most value at Fogo. They don't have their full Churrasco, but I don't think I can actually eat $60 WORTH of meat anyway.. The salad bar is huge, but it's really there to whet your appetite - don't go crazy on the salad or you'll have no room for the good stuff. All the meats were seasoned to perfection, and the chefs will cut the beef to your preference. Definitely try everything - I found that I preferred some of the "cheaper" cuts of meats, but they were prepared and seasoned better in my opinion. 

There's also complementary cheese bread, mashed potatoes, and caramelized bananas. The banana and bread were definitely worth trying, but not finishing. Keep your cards flipped to green early before your brain registers that you're full...
Lunchtime: Just walking along Chestnut st. today we decided to spoil ourselves while our kid was in school.Inside the revolving doors of   Fogo de Chao 
, the doors reminded me of the Perfect Strangers TV show

The Salad Bar is one of the best selections I have seen. The Service will make you cringe not to pay them 30% or more for the tip. They know how to take care of their patrons, The Gauchos are as Gauchos you can get theyre really not from here very well mannered waiters and the manager was at one's quick bat of a hand. 
The Meat is just MMMMMMMMM The Rib eye and the Lamb  were the one's standing out, the Chicken was great as well the fried plantains and the mash potato was creamy. The Puffed bread was just perfect to complement everything. Check the menu to see what you like tell them how do you like it cooked and do not forget to flip over the Red Round Flipperoo unless you want to be covered in meat. The Tong is the most important tool here

The Tongs Best friend :  Fogo De Chao
Amazing.  The service is impeccable, you'll feel like royalty.  The food is unbelievably good, I've had excellent lamb and goat before (having lived on a farm most of my life) and this was the best I've ever tasted.  The decor is fancy and completely appropriate to the mood of a really special date.  Although you can wear jeans and t-shirts I'd suggest dressing up, sport coat, suit, at least a nice dress shirt and pants.  The first week they were opened I showed up in a hoodie and felt like a heel.  Incredible deal for what they are providing $25 for lunch and $50 for dinner for all you can eat porterhouse, sirloin, lamb ribs... you just can't get a better deal.  Watch your budget on drinks though, they can be a tad pricey, even simple beer like Yuengling Lager is jacked up to silly prices.  Definetly making their money on drinks.
Do yourself two favors when heading to Fogo....
1. Develop a meat game plan. You're about to enter meat heaven so do yourself a favor and read the menu to make sure you try all the meat you like instead of EVERYTHING that comes your way. You'll find yourself stuffed beyond belief if you go for it all and will end up with no space left for their specialties...aka the picanha, their filet AND, for me the lamb chops. Also, leave space for the delicious cheesie bread puffs. They're delicious especially when served warm!

2. Prepare to enter a meat coma. Make sure you're totally ready to leave completely stuffed and in a meat coma. It will be delicious but you'll likely need to just go right home and lay down. I wouldn't plan to continue the night after a meal here. 

To sum it up...who doesn't love tasty meat on a stick that's constantly being brought to you whenever you want! Enjoy!
Obviously not a go-to spot if you're vegetarian or don't like red meat. If you are a fan, how could you go wrong with a buffet of meat? Only downsides? Price and availability. If you go for dinner, the veggie buffet and meat will cost you about $50 per person without tax or gratuity. This is a decent price but add in a drink and maybe a split dessert and you're racking up a bill. Sometimes it's hard to get servers to bring you the exact meats you want. Guys kind of just walk around and offer you stuff but there doesn't seem to be a system (in my opinion). Sides are predicted,fried plantains (delist), mashed potatoes, and I believe polenta sticks or something similar. All in all, decent for a chain but you might be better off with a family run place or a regular steakhouse.
I took my boyfriend here for his birthday. We got the full experience dinner option where it was unlimited salad bar and whatever meat we wanted. I would be careful with this because everything at the salad bar looks so delicious that it's hard not to fill up right away. All the meats were really good! Especially the garlic steaks. I think the chicken was a little dry but I prefer red meat anyway. What I didn't really like is that they have people walking around with shrimp cocktail, enticing you to take it like the rest of the food offered, except only when you say yes do they tell you it's an extra cost. 
We also got the coconut and strawberry caipirinha drinks and they were DELICIOUS. we preferred the coconut over the strawberry as the strawberry was a little too sweet but nonetheless delicious. 
For dessert we got the molten chocolate cake and it didn't disappoint either.
Fogo de Chao- A restaurant thats been on my list of "places to eat at" for quite sometime. A few weeks ago the opportunity arose to eat here when my friend had his surprise 30th birthday here. After all the anticipation, I finally ate here, and well....meh. This place is beautiful and has a unique way of dining, but scratch below the surface and there isn't much here.
 
A novice diner will surely be impressed with the fancy salad bar and the endless flow of meat. But a more experienced diner will see its all show and little substance. When you are seated you are asked to FIRST go to the salad bar, then have your meat. Yes, you have the OPTION to go to the salad bar, but lets be honest here. You'll definitely go to the salad bar first, even if only because its intrigues you. Once there you'll FILL UP on some salad, cheeses, prosciutto, quinoa salad (very filling), and other goodies they have there. Once you get back to the table with your plate FULL of salad, you'll find some fried roll/bread/dumpling things at the table. Are they good, yup. Will they fill you, yup!! Now after all that you decide to flip your card over to green and have the meat fly at you. Chicken, sausage, pork, prime rib, and if you are lucky enough you may have the filet come your way. I tried my best to try some of every thing, and I have to say....it all tastes EXACTLY THE SAME! Now don't get my wrong, it didn't taste bad, just didn't have much flavor. And the flavor it did have all tasted the same. Some different rubs, or maybe some sauces might have jazzed things up a little bit.  A few sides made there way to the table eventually too. Some fried bananas, mashed potatoes, and some polenta. Hmm....bananas? Potatoes? Polenta (basically corn meal)? These aren't filling? Are they?

Look folks, some of you will eat here and absolutely love it! I don't knock the people that like it, everyone is entitled to their own opinion. But for the money, I'd much rather sit down, have a nice 4 course meal full of different choices and different flavors. At the end of the day Fogo de Chao feels like a glorified all you can eat buffet.
First time dining at this restaurant and we really had a great experience. Chef Michael was actually the one who made sure we were well take care of. Saying he was great would be a understatement! The food was great! Chef Michael set the bar very high with his great customer service! Hope to come back soon and enjoy the food and service!!!!
The food and service were fantastic. Chef Michael brought us various specials. Our favorite was the Parmesan pork. Sitting outside on the street was actually very nice if you don't mind the noise from the city. It was good to see people going by having a good time on the pub crawl bikes.
What hasn't been said about Fogo de Chao? The salad bar alone would have earned them five stars from me. I've been here with a work crew of 20 and just my boyfriend and I for his birthday last week, and both times, the service was impeccable. 

The servers all make stops to your table, so you're never without meat, a drink, or anything else you may need. We were asked a few times if we had any requests. When we finally had one, the server brought filet we requested to us in under a minute. I was blown away, and tipped far out of conventional standards as a thank you for their great service and (this last time) the gratis dessert for the birthday boy. I thought it was a nice touch (also superbly decorated!)

The food. Well, like I said, not much hasn't been said. But I ate an embarrassing amount of meat, and it was ALL WORTH IT. It was like being at the world's best barbeque. The filet wrapped in bacon, the top sirloin, the pork rounds, the lamb shank. I could not get enough. This was all brought out after my modest trip to the amazing salad bar, which consisted of a few veggies and cheeses. The veggies all look fresh and delicious and I guarantee:

***VEGETARIANS CAN EAT HERE TOO. I SWEAR IT. (Plus you pay less than everyone else!)***

To top it off, the sides they bring to the table - cheese bread, polenta, fried plantains, mashed potatoes - were all incredible. And the dessert was of course, out of this world. (We got the turtle cheesecake.)

I would say, go, get here now! But Fogo isn't going anywhere. Just get here at some point. And bring people you love- people who you won't mind seeing you get a little fat.
I've been to several Fogo de Chao locations, and luckily in my experience, every location upholds the same quality of food, atmosphere, and ambiance.  However, this Philadelphia location has by far exceeded my expectations of customer service.

My boyfriend and I dined here on March 5th. Our server, Kate was outstanding from the very beginning. She was welcoming, accommodating, enthusiastic, and proactive. She noticed I had dropped from silverware from afar, and she came by with a new set without me even asking. When she came by with our first round of drinks, she already had a new bowl of bread, again without us asking. Simple gestures like this leave a lasting impression. 

We were turning away most of the meat selections that came by our table, as my boyfriend and I weren't really into the chicken or pork options. Kate went out of her way to make sure the servers brought over the beef/steak options we wanted. Along with customer service representative Arsene (forgive me, if I misspelled), the whole team from made sure my boyfriend and I had a great experience dining out here. It's also so nice that a customer service rep rounds on the tables to make sure the whole operation is running smoothly.

I highly recommend visiting this Fogo de Chao if you're ever in the area!
