For Pete's Sake has become a sleeper favorite of mine.  The feel is welcoming, the decor is very Irish pub and the food (traditional pub fare) delivers.

I've been to FPS a few times now when I want to sit down with a friend or just grab a quick lunch and a beer.  The beer list although small is nicely chosen. I don't think you'll ever find and palate pushing brews here but it looks like their craft list on draft changes pretty frequently.

I've had the burger, the wings and the fish and chips and they are solid. The staff has always been courteous and their location is pretty convenient if you live in the hood.  I know lots of families come here as well and I think that shows that this is a relaxed and no bs kind of place.

I like what you're doing FPS.  Keep up the good work.
Excellent local - my husband loves loves the wings.  The food is consistently good.  I mainly love it for a beer after work or on a Saturday nite to stop and have a drink on the way home from a show.
Racist staff and poorly mannered who love to serve lame white people crappy beer and over-rated food. Just try and play hip-hop on the jukebox and an inexperienced white child "manager" tells you it's broken cause it doesn't play that kind of (black) music and doesn't want to give you your money back. No one cool from the neighborhood comes here from what I see. A frat bar at best and they don't make apologies for their lack of culture and soul. Will never come back and I live 2 blocks away....sorry to be so negative but I have never experienced such bullshit in my life.
came here with a few friends for brunch/lunch a couple weekends ago after a morning at the nearby shooting range. nothing like emptying a clip into a paper target to work up an appetite.

between the 7 of us, we basically tried everything that looked good on the menu. and it seemed to be the general consensus that this place was a hit. portions are large, prices are cheap considering the amount of food(around $9-12 for brunch/lunch menu), and service was fantastic.

if you're a fan of bloody marys, try their bacon & pickle bloody mary. i've heard good things.

personally, i went with the pulled pork sandwich. soooooooooooo delicious. i had to eat it as an open-faced sandwich in the beginning because it was just too big and there was so much meat i couldn't even compress the sandwich enough. the bbq sauce was oozing everywhere, and although that made for a pretty messy meal, it left my stomach and taste buds extremely happy. their handcut fries were also very impressive, even after they got cold.

if i'm ever in this area again, you can bet i'll be back.
I find myself dining at Pete's Sake least 3 - 4 times a month. Whenever my friends and I decide to go out for lunch, a few drinks after work, or an extended happy hour, For Pete's Sake is usually on our itinerary. For a small pub, with a small kitchen, they do some pretty big things when it comes to the food. 

In addition to the standard bar food, they serve various entrees one might not find at a bar, and it is always a good idea to check out the specials on the blackboard. The empanadas, which we ordered that night, are always good and I am always interested in knowing what combination of goodness the kitchen decided to put in them that day. The cuban sandwich tasted as if they were made in Miami or 90 miles off the coast of Florida. The braised pork quesadilla was also an excellent choice.  I called it standard bar food but there is nothing standard about the food or the flavor 

My friend and I stopped in this past Friday night after work. We grabbed a drink at the bar then made our way up to the "Loft"; the newly opened space located upstairs at For Pete's Sake. This is where they serve classic and specialty crafted cocktails. It is not a large space, but it possesses a welcoming and laid back atmosphere. There is a television hidden behind shutters which bothered me a little because it would suck if this area of the bar became a crowded standing room only game night location. 

On this night Karen was behind the bar where she was doing the damn thing! Pardon me, where she was carefully crafting classic and creative cocktails. I have never been to Louisiana but I imagine the way Karen made my Sazerac cocktail is the way this New Orleans classic is supposed to taste. I have tried the Sazerac cocktail at other bars throughout Philly, and nothing even tasted remotely close to what she put in that glass. Her whisky-sours are delicious. Instead of diluting the drink with a ton of sour mix, she adds this brown maple syrup. Don't fret it does not make the drink overly sweet. These are two examples of how she was shaking up the classics. After she made our classic cocktails, she put her skills to work and created two drinks which she gave us the pleasure of naming. My friend and I were only able to come up with one solid name.  The next time you are in Pete's Sake ask her for the "Devil in Disguise". I don't use the term mixologist often, but Karen is a scientist with and an alcohol chemistry set behind the bar. I believe the Loft is going to rival some of the cocktail lounges in Philadelphia.
The name of this bar alone has allowed plenty of honest exits from situations I'd like to avoid.  It is perfectly situated between by beau's mom's house and his best friend's that usually has the vibe and composition of a freshmen sorority party.  Needless to say a frosty brew is in order when I visit Philly.  Sneaking to the door the "where are you going?" inquiry rings out.  My reply?  "For petes sake, I'm taking a walk."  I have honestly conveyed where I am going in a way that masks my intentions---PERFECT!

Once I arrive the bartenders have always been friendly, my brew is ice cold (and refilled with a sense of urgency I have come to enjoy), and the music is usually tolerable.  I avoid this joint on weekend nights because apparently I am not the only one who thinks this is a great oasis in a neighborhood that seems to lack such options.  Thanks For Pete's Sake for allowing me to escape endless awkward/annoying moments everytime I'm in town.
After a few years with my bad experience, I thought to give this place another try.  I wish I wouldn't have.  Please see my previous review for a more thorough writeup.

I'll summarize:

Service: Subpar

Wing: Advertised as wicked hot. Should have been promoted as "Nine mediocre mild wings for $10!"

Take this as positive or negative:  The bar is children friendly

Beer: Tap list is small and needs inspiration

Food: overpriced in general for basic pub fare

Bottom Line: There is just no reason to come here at all.
Great staff, great food, great drinks, and just down the street from my house... It really is worthy of five stars for a corner bar/pub/restaurant.

Burgers are great, and if you choose salad instead of fries (I know, WHY would you say no to amazing fries?!?!? The fries are a stand alone five star review), the side salad is a delicious spring mix with apples, walnuts, and a fresh vinaigrette...a solid choice!

Another favorite: chicken nachos, extra chicken, extra Pico... Trust me, you won't be disappointed, and the upgrade for the extras is worth it!

Brunch is always busy, yet there always seems to be a table opening up ... Happy hour specials every day, new beer selections are always popping up, and even the wine by the glass is decent (not the swill so many other neighborhood bars serve)

Really, the perfect corner bar :)
COVID-19 UPDATE: Came here on Saturday because I saw them post their aperol spritz slushie (slushy?) drink on Instagram and was lured by the heat and I must say that they are doing a FANTASTIC job with all of this. There was social distancing, all of the employees had masks on, and they were super happy and friendly. I adore this place so much and just HAD to go back and get a 6 pack and some wings to-go. I highly recommend stopping by if you're in the neighborhood (or even if you're not). Their wings are absolutely delicious and may I suggest getting a slushie drink to cool you down while you're there?

Keep up the good work, FPS!
I hate giving this place three stars.  I used to love this place.  Really love it.

The past few times their food has really fallen off for me, and I've heard this from many others as well.  What was previously the best chicken salad on earth is a shell of it's former self.  Fish and chips are still solid, but not enough to pull me there themselves.

I'll be checking back from time to time because this place is by my house and for some reason their Guinness is extra nice here, but my frequencies have fallen off the past year and I'm not really upset about it.

Their fries are really nice.
Love watching the Eagles here! Come early though and get a table and get posted before the game. Free buffet during half time and order whatever beer it is that day to get some raffles for a free jersey! The wings are decent, could definitely be crispier though. The buffet was pretty decent! Really good mac and cheese and decent pierogies.
Love this place; it's a great go to in South Philly.  The food is always awesome.  I have had the chicken salad sandwich about 6 times.  They usually have some interesting beers on tap, you can usually find something cool to drink and add it to a favorite list of yours.  It's a little tight inside, so get there early for happy hour and get a seat at the bar or at a table in the bar.  I've seen a lot of Coast Guard guys in here from time to time, that's always cool to strike up a conversation.  I've had friends from all over the city meet us here and they made it a go to stop when they are down in the area.  The food is always fresh and well done.  Parking is tight, but, I have the solution.  Park on the street behind Old Sweedes church, I've always found a spot, and I drive a big F-150.
One of my favorite bars.  Friendly staff, cold beer, and usually a limited number of regulars are mutants.  Some of the best bar food around.  the cheesefries are my favorite in the city and the burgers are in my top 5 of all time.  Their daily specials are gourmet in nature.  Things you would not expect to find in a bar and everyone i have tried has been pleasing.  A neighborhood bar with class.
One of my favorite places in the city. The food top to bottom on the menu is outstanding. The beer list is always changing, but in a good way. A great place for seasonal beers that you may be unfamiliar with. Quizzo on Tuesday nights is not to be missed.
I went here on a Sunday night with two of my friends.  The food was pretty good, I've had better from them.  My friends and I ordered the nachos (without meat), a ceasar salad, and the salmon and polenta fries special.  The nachos were ok, they were wicked greasy.  My one friend said the salad was good, and my other friend thought that polenta fries were good but the salmon was not.  I could smell the salmon, it was definitely fishy which means not fresh.  He paid way too much for that fish not be fresh, and to be of such a small portion size. 

I'm giving For Pete's Sake 4 stars because their service is pretty damn good, especially for a Sunday night.  The staff is always friendly.  They didn't kick us out for lingering after our meal.  They also sell Chimay and other delicious beer.  

In the summer, they do have outside seating which is nice.  I also recommend the tomato and mozzarella salad, it's delish.
Went here on Thursday for the first time.  I've lived nearby for upwards of 7 years now, and for whatever reason, I just never made it here!  No idea what the disconnect was... but we put it on our list and got there!  We sat outside and made conversation with lots of people who lived nearby.  At one point my neighbor actually came up.  I literally wave to this guy every day... and have never formally introduced myself.  For Petes Sake!!!  

The first thing I noticed is that their happy hour is spectacular, and it covers times when real people with real jobs are actually looking for a drink... not that 4p-6p BS.  The service was really really nice and helpful and prompt.  I was really pleased with our waitress.  We started off with 2x Deviled Eggs with Wasabi and sesame seeds.  They were pretty unique.  I'm glad i had them... but 1 was plenty for me.  My boyfriend agreed.  We were warned that it was a bit of an experament and that we'd feel that way.  For my dinner, I was torn between the spinach/mushroom quesedilla or the veggie wrap.  The waitress recomended the veggie wrap so i went for it.  The boyfriend went fish and chips.  Both of us agreed that our food was good.  Enjoyable... but not phenomenal.  Decent, fine... 

We'll definitly be back to 'For Petes Sake' in the near future.  We had a blast talking to all of the fun people in the neighborhood, and taking advantage of the drink specials (though the draught list is limited... as most of the beers were pretty similar...) and having a bite.  It's a great lil neighborhood spot... but not exactly the gastropubs you see around these days.
Pete's is like my home away from home. This is the first place my partner and I ate at when viewing our would-be apartment and I'm pretty convinced it's the reason we signed the lease! After 2 years of devoted patron-ism, it's time I write a proper review. The food here is awesome, the beer is always nice, and the guys behind the bar make a great cocktail.
Menu favorites: 
-Hummus, always served with three different types from goats cheese to scallion to pepper      
and plenty enough flatbread for dipping. 
-Nachos are tasty, massive, and totally enough for 2, even 3. 
-The daily soups are always on point. 
- Steak salad is FANTASTIC. 
-I would skip over the turkey burger and opt for the beef burger which is super tasty. 
-The chicken salad sandwich is a definite win and the house salad served with is so fresh with a house made ( I think white balsamic vinegar) dressing. 
-We've only ordered off the brunch menu once but the chicken and waffles stick out in my memory as being a great order. 
What I love about Pete's is that the staff sticks around. For as long as we've been going I haven't seen much change over, if any. They're great at their job and they seem to enjoy it. I've for sure been turned off by quite a few bars in Philly lately that seem to only hire the "hipster" (I hate using that word, but it just fits) type that can barely make time to take your order because they're entertaining friends at the end of the bar. Pete's is the total opposite; welcoming, friendly, and just the right amount of attentive. 
Also, Pete's is very linked in with Old Swede's Church across the road, and frequently team up for gigs and benefits. That little corner of Queen's Village really does feel like one big family. 
A side note: parking around Pete's is generally actually super easy. I'm hesitant to give away the secret, seeing as we frequent those spaces, but parking in front of the church on the cobblestone or under 95 is the way to go. 
See you there!
For Pete's Sake has been a destination on my radar for quite a while, and sunny Sunday was the day we landed.  I used to jog by the place all the time and it always looked so inviting.  I would think, "why the hell am I sweating and huffing when I could be sipping a beer in the shade with those guys," yesterday I saw things from the other side, and it was pretty nice.

My buddy and I were in the area and thinking of a place to have a beer and lunch outside (55 degrees, whoohoo!), FPS came to mind so we headed over.  The chairs I used to wheeze by were setting out in the sun waiting for our arrival.  A short but formidable tap list was a welcome sight.  For me, I get a bit put-off when someone unsolicited explains that Kenzinger is brewed in Philly, but oh well, it's not like this is my local, and I didn't order it anyway.

The wait staff was friendly and chipper - who wouldn't be on this lovely almost-Spring day?  We kept it real simple, each ordering the burger.  The burger was tasty and fresh.  Pretty standard, but hit the spot.  Can't say much else about the menu from this visit, but our neighbors' breakfast fare looked good, as did their "Bacon Bloodies."

Another nice aspect of our visit was the friendly folks from the Queen Village neighborhood.  We had two nice gals sit at the table on our left, and a married couple with their daughter on the right.  You could tell they were local as their friends stopped to say "hi" in passing.  Pleasant company to go with the pleasant weather.

Overall, we had a nice time eating and drinking in the sun at For Pete's Sake.  The people, both employees and patrons, we very friendly.  The tap list was short but sweet, and the burger, which is always a good thermometer, was on target.  Also, a nice pub style bar on the inside.  If you are in the mood for a few good beers in the sun this Spring, I'd recommend giving FPS a try.
Although I am a lazy ass and part of the appeal of this place is the five second walk from my apartment, the food here is far above par bar fare; I would and do classify it as gourmet comfort food. Each day a list of specials brings variety to the menu (please try the mozarella salad when prepared with yellow tomatoes). Beer list consists of more rare delights. Just like most bars in Philadelphia, the atmosphere is laid back and casual. Be aware that higher quality does mean slightly higher prices on some entrees.  I am in constant turmoil over whether or not to follow through with my New Year's resolution to eat out less or indulge in their nachos and a burger. Check this place out if you are near Head House square and looking for something new.
This is what a corner bar should be.  I am in the process of buying a house in Pennsport, and given the fact that if you didn't grow up on the block or aren't in the associated mummer's brigade, you aren't always warmly welcomed in some of the neighborhood establishments, it is comforting to know that Pete's is in walking distance and that you don't have to feel like an alien when you walk in.  This weekend I rocked the grilled cheese/soup combo, an absolute go to and every bar should have a version, and my two friends each had a wrap which they both raved were delicious.  I can't wait to try the wings!

It's warm, friendly, reasonably priced and delicious!

yay for pete's sake!
This place is great! You can't order anything wrong off of their menu and they also have a great beer selection with specials. The chicken and waffles, turkey burger, and happy hour nachos are the best.
Went here for lunch to just sit outside and enjoy the sunshine while getting some work done. The pulled pork sandwich was very good, just sloppy, saucy and spicy enough for my liking. Served with a brioche bun and some very greasy fries. A solid choice for lunch and great with a Kensinger. 

Two stars though, due to terribly inattentive service. It's 94 degrees outside, shouldn't you bring out some water? Hoping I just came at a bad time; this seems like a decent corner bar.
Great little spot for lunch or dinner (or brunch, so I hear).  Though small and sometimes tough to get a seat on a crowded night, this place always has great food (made with locally grown ingredients, I understand), a decent beer list, and a game on TV.  In the warmer months, they have several tables available for outdoor dining, which is nice.  Staff has always been friendly.  I make a point to hit up this place regularly!
I went here to try an open mic and then a performance by my friend cc Crabtree.  ( a great guy and musician friend btw)

The place is rather small but we'll set up utilizing all the space wisely. The upstairs is a fun intimate space very cozy.  There is also outside seating 

I found the staff very warm and friendly service was quick and attentive.  This is obviously a neighborhood hang and many people know each other but the vibe warm welcoming and the regulars friendly 

The food is really good  not the usual (bar food) but upscale barfood. 

The chicken quesadilla was very tasty but I found the pico that came with it a tad spicy. Burgers were really good cooked to order and tasty

When I asked a regular what to have his response was everything he ever had there was good and I believe him

Drinks well made delivered quickly and craft draft beers on tap

The only downside is that parking can be an issue in that part of the city
Can you Please cut back.on your portions?
They really give me no food for what I'm paying
.  And just ok food.  Glad you saved money on jippin  me on my burger disguised as a slider.
Came for a visit the other night. I love my local pub New Wave, but they don't have much by way of vegan options, and FPS does have a vegan entree option (a wrap that's veganable). The beer prices are fine, the happy hour is pretty decent actually, but ... meh.

After a recent visit, I'll probably pass on ordering food here again. Fries were fine, but the vegetable wrap was pretty disappointing -- the "balsamic reduction" tasted like straight up balsamic vinegar, which is pretty gross. The chips and salsa came with pico de gallo and not salsa, and our server handed us a wet glass (as in, had a good couple of ounces of water in it) for beer.

All in all, fine for a corner tap, which is what I like it for, but I was hoping the food/service would be a bit better.
I am really surprised that I have yet composed  a review for this place. I have been patronizing  this place for years since I started working in Philadelphia. I love the seasonal beers, the service here is top notch, and the staff is super friendly and very attentive to the needs of the customers. 

The menu at Pete's carries the usual bar items,  but it does not taste like your typical  bar food. In addition to the typical bar fare, the menu contains other specialty items like the empanadas that enhances the menu.  The fish & chips  is probably one of my favorite dishes. If you love french fries, you are going to love the french fries at Pete's. 

Please do yourself a favor and check out the specials board. This is where the daily soups are listed and other delicious items that are not on the menu.
Extremely rude female bartender. Literally rolled her eyes when we put in our order. Other rude and obnoxious staff members who were running quizzo. To top it off, my friend got food poisoning from our dinner.
We ordered takeout from here and are looking forward to coming back to try more.
 
The first time we ordered, my husband got the Nachos worth pork, and I got the cream of potato soup and a Caesar salad. The nachos were great, really hot the spot. The salad was fresh and your typical Caesar salad, the croutons were on point. The soup was okay, but it needed a little something. I ended up adding some crushed red pepper to give it some extra flavor. 

The next time we ordered we, again, got the nachos, which were still great. We also ordered fried chicken tenders, the jumbo pretzel, and the Turkey Club. Chicken tenders were excellent, really flavorful, juicy, and crisp on the outside. The pretzel was also really good. Great texture, and perfectly salted. We also really enjoyed the dipping sauces. 

The turkey club was also delicious. The turkey was very fresh, paired well with the cheddar cheese, crispy bacon, and creamy avocado with a super flavorful chipotle Mayo. Definitely an elevated version of the classic turkey club. 

I have heard good things about other specific menu items, I look forward to coming back and updating as we try more!
Food here is rubbish. We've recently moved from London, this is definitely not proper pub food or proper pub atmosphere with the music pumping on a Saturday morning. The manager is very rude as well.
I recently satisfied my curiosity about this place and met up with some friends for happy hour.  Prices and beer selection were what I would hope for happy hour.  It seemed like such a mix of people that it could only be a true neighborhood bar.
Small place but the food and ambiance are unique. You really don't need to look at the menu just ask what the chef is making special for that day and go for it. I'd also suggest a Bloody Mary from their own recipe.
I think everyone in the neighborhood is happy for this hot-spot. Your somewhat typical Irish bar, located in a convenient location for walkers, this spot always seems to be busy. 

They have basic outdoor seating with a view of a fairly busy intersection. The menu is made up of salads, sandwiches, burgers, and entrees all between $10-$20 dollar mark. They do keep a dozen or so drafts on tap for quenching your thirst, all in the $4-$8 dollar mark. I personally think their menu leaves a bit to be desired with some healthier options. And their service is good, but not spectacular. If in the area, I would recommend this place. If you're more than a .5 mile walk, chances are there is a place just like this or better near you.
Ok, first off, they have the best potato soup. It's a must no matter what time of the year it is.  The staff is always super friendly and quick.  There happy hour special is always packed but good time to go.  I think the chicken tenders are $5.  Oh, and I really like their chicken tenders because they are freshly made, not frozen.  I also like their french fries because they are tasty.  Their airliner chicken is one of the best meals and a definite must try. I am not a drinker so I can't really comment on their beer selection. I have been going to For Pete's Sake for years and they are consistently good.
Excellent bar food. The burgers were solid and the pulled pork was fantastic. They should bottle their BBQ sauce. It's not thick and has a nice spicy kick to it. Nothing overbearing, just enough for good added flavor. The fries were also really good. They were perfectly fried, had some nice firmness and they still had some skin on them (i love that!). The wings and hummus plate were also decent. Oh, did i mention they have good beers on tap and the prices are reasonable? This placed nailed it as a bar!
! Came by with friends after they ran the Broad Street run and it was packed! Great food for a bar and had an enjoyable bacon bloody mary!
This place was AWESOME.  My boyfriend and I weren't sure we wanted to go in at first as we had on business attire and this place is obviously VERY neighborhood-y, but we thought, what the heck.  I'm SO glad we did.  He started with a bacon bloody mary which was PHENOM and I had a Double Chocolate Stout.  Their beer list and drink list were awesome.  We went in for Brunch.  We got a potato pancake drenched in shepherds pie filling, with two poached eggs on top.  AMAZING.  Next time we are in Queen's Village we are DEFINITELY coming back :-)
As far as local sports bars go, this is on my short list of places I actually enjoy attending during sporting events.  Their wings are fantastic, French fries are wonderful, service is exactly what you need - efficient and keeps your drinks full.  Great specials during the game and its just a fantastic time.  The crowd has a great energy and its small so you wind up chatting with your neighbors.
Gave it another try recently.  The kitchen closes from 4:30-5 (no one explained why) but luckily we put in our order for a couple burgers with fries around 4:10.

The burgers came out at 4:45.  The fries were cold.  Other customers who were seated nearby were still looking jealously at us because they were stuck waiting another fifteen minutes to order (again, no idea why orders couldn't have been taken ahead of time).  We ordered dessert and that took another 45 minutes.  

Look, there's no reason why dinner at a neighborhood spot for burgers and premade dessert should take two hours.  By the time my food finally came I practically inhaled it because I was so hungry.  I heard someone say "Oh, well I think a lot of the staff are new so that might be why the service is so slow."  I'm not buying it.

Just skip FPS.
Great place to get a good bite to eat. The drinks are amazing and strong, just like you like. Their guacamole and chips were very good.  I can't remember all we had, but I remember everything tasting AMAZING and cleaning our plates. They have outside seating in the warmer months. This place is pretty popular to locals, so at times there can be a short wait. Cheers to their staff and bartender who was super nice!
Always great service and better than average bar food.  For Pete's Sake is comfortable, friendly, and a perfectly chill atmosphere to watch Sunday football or grab a beer after work.  The brunch options are plenty and the wings have a new spot in my heart.  The blue cheese they use for their wings is incredible; the hot sauce just spicy enough.  Fast and helpful service combined with the rumblings of the regulars makes this spot worth a try.
Looking for a great food and drink spot and found this little bar last night. Tried the wings and chicken quesadillas and they were great. The Korean BBQ sauce is highly recommended. The Mule drinks are a MUST!!! I will definitely be back.
Looking for an alternative in my neighborhood which is full of nerd/dweeb bars. This place was full of them but the cold Guinness and amazing food is worth the dumbo crowd. Hummus app was tasty. Of course I ate it with a fork...bread is just too filling. The lady had the chicken house salad. Apples and pecans...white balsamic dressing....uuuuuhhhhhh. I had the mussels. Full of flavor. Jalapenos weren't over powering. When I asked my queen if I could drink the juice like the blood of my fallen enemies she reminded me that the action lacked tact. 
My only problem was the ass hole with the bald, upside down sunglasses, beige on beige tee/shorts combo, shaved legs and sock less moccasin get up who shoved me out of the way to get to his bar seat. Another reminder of the pretentious crap bar crowd in the Queens Village area. 
Otherwise I will be back. Food and service was simple and full of taste
I had dinner here with my roommate and a friend while I was visiting Philly to look at apartments before I moved. The service was attentive and everything came out pretty quickly, which was good because we had a concert to go to and didn't have a ton of time.

I chose the Cuban (you can never go wrong with a Cuban!) and it was very good. It had the typical ham, Swiss cheese, and pickles, plus the delicious addition of jalapenos and a great dijonnaise. The sandwich came with fries which were also good.

My friends seemed satisfied with their entrees as well, and the beer selection was solid with a good amount of variety. I live pretty close to here now, so I'm sure I'll be back!
I love For Pete's Sake. It is truly one of my favorite spots to eat in the city. The food is always delicious. The hot wings are my favorite around. In the warmer months it is a great spot to grab an outside table and enjoy a few drinks and yummy food. 
The staff is unbelievably friendly and always take time to engage in conversation and they always remember what we drink when we come in. 
The have also always been very accommodating when we have brought our kids in (which we usually only do when we can sit outside, but have brought them in and it has been great). 
I highly recommend For Pete's Sake to everyone....It is a place that I go whenever I have someone in town visiting. You cannot go wrong at For Pete's Sake!
My boyfriend and I had always driven by and thought they wrote clever poems on their chalk board outside so it intrigued us to try it out.  We went to get brunch there today. 

We sat outside which was nice and ordered there "famous bacon bloodys" for $6 which tasted like tomato juice and horseradish. They serve them in smaller glasses than a regular pint. 

The brunch menu was sub par with chicken salad a wrap and burgers so we decided to play it safe went with a typical turkey burger and their Angus burger. .. When my boyfriends burger and fries came out there was an obvious clump of hair stuck together by what appeared to be boogers. (Barf)

Not trying to be a jerk he just pointed it out... she said sorry took the food and 10 minutes later came back with a burger and fries without booger hair..

The food was average but obviously the customer service was poor. The check cane and nothing was taken off. We weren't going to ask but honestly if you want people to be satisfied leaving your restaurant then maybe say sorry for the gross additives and comp the meal or at least something.
So.. As my best friend and I were walking to somewhere, i forgot, we saw this cute little bar/restaurant. So we decided to go have brunch there. The drinks were nice and so was the bartender. Except for the fact that she threw dirt at us. Yeah, she apologized, but still... I don't even know how that happened. You know what, the food was really good,YEAH HUMMUS, how long does it take to make hummus and chicken quesadilla... If you're going to go, just wear a smock for the dirt. LOL
I always know before I walk in Pete's that I will have a good experience.  I've been coming here for years now.  The have a good beer selection and a broad menu.  I love to come here and day load at an outside table 
in nice weather.  I hit this place before Phillies games too.  Love the pulled pork, burgers and chix quesadillas .  Bangin bacon Bloody Marys too

My only beef is that sometimes this place gets so crowded you can't really get in.  IF that's the case, make sure you come back and try this place out at another time.
We haven't been here in quite some time. Probably 4 years or so. We stopped in last night for a quick bite while in the area. We were sat immediately in the back of the restaurant.

Our server was okay I guess. He would disappear for a good amount of time. He seemed a bit overwhelmed. The food runner was much better. We went with the chicken quesadilla, edamame and small chicken salad. The quesadilla was great! Cooked to perfection, the Pico was fresh and the chipotle sour cream was where it's at. The edamame was good. The chicken salad was nice and fresh as were the apples. 

The menu is a bit limited and not a good place for kids. We would give it another shot. Overall 3 stars.
I'm really ambivalent on this place.  It's probably the closest bar to me geographically, but I don't feel compelled to go very often.  For some positives: their food is good, especially the pulled pork sandwich.  Also, their Quizzo is emceed by the Legendary Wid, so by default it is the best Quizzo in town, because the Wid is amazing, hilarious, and a Philadelphia fixture on-or-near-par with the Geater.  For some negatives: it's a little pricey for what they offer.  And for some reason, it is either totally dead, or impossibly packed.  It's a pretty good bar, but I'd rather go somewhere else.
If I'd written this review on a previous visit (I've been approximately once a month for the last nine months) I would have given this four stars, but tonight's experience made me really re-think it.  The food is good;  the burgers and pulled pork always hit the spot and my boyfriend loves the wings.  Dessert is fantastic, they do variations on bread pudding that are delicious.  However.

This is all tempered by the service.  On my past stops at Pete's Sake, it's been fairly busy so I always chalked up the slow service to that.  Tonight it was empty, and our dinner took over an hour.  For a burger, wings, and dessert.  That's ridiculous.  At a certain point, a different waitress brought our dessert and check  and I couldn't figure out where the first waitress went.  Well, she was sitting at the bar with a beer when we walked out.  She never indicated her shift was over or asked to clear out the check, just kind of...disappeared.  

Overall, I don't think I'll be going back, which is sad, but the absolute terrible service isn't worth wasting my time or money on.
Amazing, reasonably priced pub food.  The atmosphere is classier pub-style (not super divey) with quick friendly service.  The wings were great, the fish & chips were pretty much some of the best I've ever had, and the drink selection is off the hook.  I can't wait to go back!
I don't know why I was such a huge fan of this place initially. After a repeat visit, I wasn't entirely too impressed. They've got some nice dishes, but nothing too extensive or noteworthy. There was some sort of spicy flatbread or pizza that I'm trying to recall and that was decent. Had a nice kick to it as the spiciness was derived from Sriracha. Aside from that, the menu seems rather "OK" not too bland but nothing to be over-joyous about.

The beer selection is pretty good, I'll give them that. I'm also a fan of the multiple TVs, that's good for the sports watching. The space is pretty cramped, so I'd arrive early for dinner plans. Speaking of early, I was disappointed to find out one night that their kitchen closes at about roughly 11pm until Wed or Thu night. So, don't count on a late night meal early in the week.

Also, I've had their pulled pork - anybody who claims it to be the best clearly hasn't been to Sweet Lucy's or any of the notable BBQ places in the city.

All things considered, this is a good neighborhood bar. I just don't think it's anything to really go out of the way too often for. Though, I do need to try them out for brunch or lunch, as I've only had dinner.
Slow food from kitchen.
A dish we ordered with added shrimp. Shrimp was not in the dish. We declined to have it added after the fact, she tried to convince us but of course the meal was finished by the time shrimp came out. And we were charged for it. We took it home. 

It wouldn't hurt to take items left out of an order off the bill, as a courtesy to insure return service. 
My perogies and kielbasa was good.
For Pete's Sake is a cute hidden gem of a place. There's a bar, bar tables, and table seating. Excellent food, (some might call it a gastropub), excellent staff, excellent vibe. I've been there quite a few times, and it has that true "pub" feel. You meet all types there - union boys at lunch, game fans (4-5 good TVs), younger and older neighborhood types, families, dates, etc. Everyone seems pretty darned nice, too. The beer selection is switched up just enough to keep it interesting, and my friend who drinks martinis says they're fantastic, too. I believe they have a whiskey or bourbon menu on the wall, as well. The food: I highly recommend the pork BBQ sandwich - it's one of the best in the city, as is the burger, and enough for a leftover lunch. The specials are always interesting and creative, as well. The bar is very cozy on a cold night. Plus, there's a jukebox! The only downside is the loudness of the place when full.
I went here for lunch and didnt even go inside. I just enjoyed their outdoor seating. My friend ordered a delicious beer, he said the variety was interesting so I will go with that as I am not a beer-drinker. The lunch menu was limited but I chose a tasty chicken quesidilla. My friend got a crab cake sandwich which he praised as well. The prices were a bit high for bar food but this was superior pub fare. I would definitely go back again and, you know, maybe go inside?
Pete's is my savior.  I am thinking about having my kitchen ripped out--no need to cook, with Pete's around the corner.  Perhaps will turn it into a wine celler.   

The food is great.  The mainstays are great pub food.  Awesome burger, really good chicken strips, and one of the best fish n chips around.  Oh, and really good fries.  The specials may seem a bit pricey, but they are really, really good.  It is amazing what the chef does back there in that little kitchen (if you go by in the summer time, you can see in the side door to the kitchen, it's little!).  Thank god I eat there almost every night on the weekdays, so I get to have these things over and over.  

The decor is cute, maybe a little steryil, but a vast improvement over Illana's which used to occupy the space (it had a panel bar and a 1940's refrigerator with Pabst Blue ribbon served in plastic cups, and nothing else).  You will hear the occassional complaint about the noise level, and it is noisy, so if this bothers you, go at off times, or in the summer, when you can sit outside, and DEFINTIELY don't go when there is a big game on, cause the place gets packed.  

The staff is fantastic, and if you get hammered (as sometimes has been known to happen to moi), they act like it never happened--true ladies and gentlemen.   The croud is a cool melting pot from around the hood--some old salts, some dock workers, some grungies, same-sexers, yups, and some richy-riches.  And they all just seem to get along at Pete's, cause the vibe is cool.
Great for lunch/dinner... not so much for brunch.

One time I went there for breakfast - we were the first ones there. I ordered the waffles. Nope, no waffles lefts. What?! I thought they were just behind on inventory that week so I came back two weeks later for brunch. Nope, still no waffles. Okay, just get the waffles off your menu so I stop getting excited for them to only find out you ran out! 

I will be back though for everything else. Their airliner chicken breast, quesadilla, and basically everything else on their lunch/dinner menu is delish. Even the veggieghetti!
Although there is a Catholic Church down and around the bend from this place which bears the same Saint name, there is no relationship to the church and you can expect much more than a mini mini shot of wine and a wafer.  And although it is in Philadelphia down the road a few miles from where Pete Rose played baseball, it has nothing to do with that either... and yet you can see a game there on any given day of the week.  No, this corner gem is just a simple place with some extraordinary offerings that will not throw you for a loop.  As a point  of reference in my own personal life, here is where I met the notion of bacon vodka and a strip of actual bacon in my bloody Mary.  It's not koesher but it is delightful.  To make things even more interesting, their presentation of hash and beef was so amazing, although I had it over three months ago, I am only just now able to report back to you with full recall how yummy it was...Their angle is a bit different and so it stands out.  

Some things to note.  There are some really loud locals that must be regulars here that break break together and give feedback about lifes daily issues.  I love that flavor in a place. So cozy and unpretentious.  Their brunch is affordable even if you like Belgian beer as their dangling marquee promises you.  I personally think the best day to go is Sunday after you worship somewhere so that you can just continue to praise God for such good common sense fare and friendliness.
BEST PULLED PORK IN THE CITY! Crab quesadillas are phenomenal. The French toast at brunch is excellent too, looks like a cake almost with roasted apples. They have your dog covered with a nice big bowl of water if you bring him/her with you.
Love Pete's. Been coming here from their opening. Small but solid beer selection, the food has changed several times over the years, but has always been good.  The real thing that sets Pete's apart is the staff, bartenders that will not only ask your name, but remember it, that is rare.
This is on of my favorite casual places to go.  They have a good beer selection and the food is great.  Its a definite step up from your typical pub grub.  This tends to be the place we always end up when we just can't think of where else to go.  And now that the weather's nice, you can sit outside and enjoy the great beer selection in the sun!
For Pete's is my go to bar. I go here for dinner, to watch sports and to relax. I always end up here when I can't decide where else to go. That alone should speak to it's consistency, staff and food.  

I've eaten pretty much all they've had to offer over the years, but staples include: rotating hummus special, the burger, fish and chips and the pork sandwich.  Their wings are great too, and I have enjoyed their soups and chili as well.  Their entrées are always well prepared. The food is not gourmet but maybe what you'd cook on a night at home, when you decide to step it up a notch.  

I want to take a moment to comment on their beers.  Pete's is not known for it's beer selection, but let me tell you they always have great and rare beer on tap. It's a hidden gem to find some very rare specials in the city here.  They charge normal prices for higher end Belgian beers and they last longer then one night there as well (usually.) I'm lucky they are a bit off the beaten path or I wouldn't be able to wait a day to get some Scaldis, or Bell's rare beers that in other places might be gone in a night. They have really worked hard to up the beer quality since I've been going and it shows.

Staff is always friendly, remember you, go out of their way to make you feel taken care of and fun to talk to.
We are regular neighborhood peeps and visit  here often. Unfortunately the last few times we have been here the service and the food quality were subpar.  I have always enjoyed there bacon bloody Mary's in the past. Today the bacon tasted and looked if it were three days old coated in dry milky white fat and very limp . YUCK!! The staff was less than friendly.  The servers/ bartenders were complaining about everything including other customers the kitchen and the fact that they had to be their in general.  The food was terriable and unappetizing. This is the third time we have had a bad expirrance.  We were last there this morning on Sunday 8/12/12 at 11:30 am. I am also a resturant employee and I would be embarrassed if I was the server or a part of this establishment .
Excellent neighborhood pub with great food and service. If I lived in Philly, I'd want to come here a lot a lot!
I came here with my boyfriend and a couple friends for the first time after seeing a movie down the street. My first impression was that the place is really cute... tiny but cozy with a lot of personality. 
There is a large bar and an elevated area if you want to sit and eat. 
The food is a bit better than average pub food. We got a plate of nachos and thank god we shared 'cause it's huge. I ordered the pieorgies and kielbasa for myself. Very good.
Decent beer selection. 
If I lived closer to here I'd probably frequent this place. Very Cheers-y.
Today was a strange day at For Pete's Sake. We came here for brunch because of the reviews but I really wasn't impressed. First one person in our group was told she couldn't get an egg white omelette even though they use fresh eggs... The wait for our food was exceptionally long for it being not busy..... another person in our group got the waffles with fresh berries and the blueberries had a thick coating of mold on them. Our server did take the plate and gave my friend a freshly made dish to replace it. Overall the food was ok and service was slow. I dint think I'll be returning.
One of the best hidden gems in the city, especially for lunch or an always necessary beer after work.

The tap  list is fairly small (8 or 10?) but the beers rotate constantly and there are atleast a couple real unique and difficult to find brews on at any given time. 

As one of my favorite weekday lunch spots, I've had pretty much the entire lunch menu.  The chicken salad is some of the best I've had and the buffalo chicken wrap and the tomato and mozzarella sandwich are excellent.  Also great are the fries, both he regular and sweet potato.

The best part of 'Petes' is the friendly staff and neighborhood feel.  

The worst part is having to go back to work after a great lunch....
The owners are amazing and so friendly! Wonderful beer choices. Definitely had some craft brews. Food is fab as well! I highly recommend the chicken and waffles! NOMS! Cool atmosphere also! And if you can, check out the upstairs! Such a cool design! Great service, excellent staff. They really go out of their way to make you feel welcome. I'd have to say this is one of my favorite spots in Philadelphia!
I stumbled upon For Pete's Sake because when I work, I often park by the old Lutheran church and walk to my place of employment. For Pete's Sake is right there on the corner of Christian and Front. So, as to avoid the lunacy of South Street, if we want a drink after work, sometimes we will just walk out here for a round before going home. 

This evening was one of those evenings. My boyfriend and I decided we wanted a beer. That was all. We went and sat at the bar. The bartender, Marcus, was very knowledgeable (a good bartender always is) and offered us a taste before we ordered a full pint (again, a good bartender does this). Well the Sly Fox was too hoppy for me, so I had a bottle of Chimay Red. My man had the same. For Pete's Sake has an extensive beer selection. 

I watched Marcus make the most beautiful chocolate martinis, and told him they were. He let me have the last of one from the shaker and it tasted every bit as good as it looked! It was a little on the thick side (for a martini) rich, and had a nice foam layer on top that had a lovely chocolate mint topping. Chocolate syrup glazed the insides of the glass and gave the last couple of swallows a particularly decadent finish. It was ten dollars and I would do it again! Hands down, this was the best chocolate martini I have ever had. 

Then my man smelled wings. So he got an order (it was about 11:45 PM on a Saturday; kitchen was open until midnight). I had one. The taste was nice, but they were a tad dry for me. Not bad. Not great. But not bad. 

So, we went in for one beer each. Instead we had two beers, a martini, and wings. Well, I guess we should have seen that coming. 

So if you want a gorgeous chocolate martini, and like an extensive array of beers from which to choose, and like your bartenders with personality, knowledge, and skills, go see Marcus at For Pete's Sake and he will take care of you. :-)
This place has a charming exterior, it is unfortunate that the staff is so incredibly rude to guests.
Stopped in for a quick drink with my boyfriend and my freind. We had great service and even thought we only got appetizers, the food was good. Not a bad spot.
10/10 hands down. This is the perfect spot to go on a Sunday (or any other day) and hang out with friends and watch sports. We have come here for a few Sunday's now for the Eagles games and found it to be full of fun people and fans. Their drinks are a bit pricier than I would have liked for a pub, but it's an upscale pub. Their wings are good and the beer gets you where you need to go. I look forward to trying more foods here. The service from our bartender, Matt I think, is excellent and friendly. PLUS they have a free buffet at half time during Eagles games, but don't hesitate because it goes quickly! I'll see you there on Sunday!
I walk and drive by this place all the time and finally decided to go for happy hour and some food the other day. I recommend it for anyone looking for some beer and an easy meal. I got the salad special and some nachos with a friend and really had nothing to complain about!
I just had the best sandwich from this place. It was a thick turkey burger with cranberry sauce and a stuffing bun. Sloppy, but totally satisfying. I'm going back! My friend Laura got it for me. She's the best.
Waited over two hours (no joke) for mediocre food. Staff was fine and friendly but there's absolutely no reason anyone should be waiting two hours for chicken wrap and a Burger. Totally ridiculous.
One of the best Small bars in town. If you're looking for good food, great drinks, and a friendly staff - this is the place to go. Matt always takes care of us and makes this place special. 

Chicken salad sandwich is an A+

House burger and fries is great.
We stopped in here after I took my husband out for Fathers Day dinner to watch Sixers Game 6. It was a good place to sit in the air conditioning, multiple screens all playing the game, and good service getting us drinks and checking in on us. We'd definitely stop here again to watch sports in the future
What a rude bartender. We were sitting at the bar, he looks at us and doesn't even serve us. 2 others walk in and he serves them right away. Their menu looks good but the service from the start was just horrible.

Then he tells the a female that was walking behind the bar that I said "it was a little unfair" and she gave the nastiest look to me. We left. DONT COME HERE if you want rude and disrespectful service. I was hoping to try the food too :-(
Horrible and rude service with no accountability. Customer last with this lazy and rude staff. Better off finding a more friendly and customer first neighborhood spot because this place isn't worth throwing your money away at.
Did not come back from the pandemic well.  Food showed up cold and eggs looked terribly over cooked. Sent back and it came back in less than 2 minutes not even heated. Also ordered chicken and waffle, and the waffles were quite doughy.  The wait staff is nice but they really need a different cook.
Been going here for years. Never been disappointed.
The food, drinks and service is always outstanding!
What a lousy experience. The waitress is great but the lack of communication from the food runner and the rest of the staff is laughable. Over cooked burger, forgot and didn't bring out an order of fries and didn't bring ketchup that was requested twice.
Let's be honest: PW's list of the best bars in the city is a bit shady. Still, it gave me an idea to check out some places that I haven't been before. My friend just moved in around South Street and was looking for a good bar that was within walking distance. I though it was a great chance to check out For Pete's Sake (#8?) for dinner.

We walked up a little after 7 on a Wednesday, and this spot was packed. I thought that was a little odd, but nothing was weirder than the fact that were the youngest people in here by ten years. Literally, this was an older crowd without a single exception (that's not entirely true, a few parents had toddlers in tow). A short wait yeilded an outdoor table and we began to look at the menu and drinks.


I took a picture of the beer menu to remember everything on tap. I recall being disappointed in the beer selection, and with a second thought, I still am. While it has a lot of choices from Germany, Belgium and the US, I still think at least four of those taps are kind of a waste. A bar that tap Guinness almost always loses favor in my eyes, despite the fact that I think it's an okay beer. The choices that are good are all widely available.

Come to think of it, the food menu is kind of like the beer menu; it's technically fine but there's nothing on there that is exceptional. The best part of the menu here is the appitizers. We ordered the nachos, and they were good.

Still, we came here for dinner and could not find anything on the menu that we wanted to eat. Maybe we were being picky, but I don't think that's the case. Check the menu online for yourself. I just looked at it again, and the lunch section looks pretty good. But we weren't offered that.

Bottom Line: I can't really find any reason to recommend this place. My standards are high, but I have no idea how anyone would consider it one of the best bars in the city. Maybe check it out for lunch if you're right next it up. But there's so little to remark upon, that I'm just going to stop writing.
Worst service I've ever had in my life. Waitress was rude as h***. The salad was nasty with croutons that were stale and a week old. Made my friend finish his thing so we could get out of there. We just left the money and walked away did not want to deal the sorry excuse for a person waitress. This place is complete s***. Stay away. This place needs to shut down. No one should be treated like this.
I had the best time with my husband and my pup. The food was GREAT. Scratch made. The service was impeccable! We stayed for hours and just had the best time ever. We will go every week!
