Was in Philly visiting a friend and catching the Duchamps at the Philly Museum. Had Sunday brunch at Fork, and it was quite outstanding. The staff was solicitous and warm, and the ambience is conducive to good talk. While the crowd was more blue-haired than hip, the interior look of Fork is more updated and artsy. And the food..... from the butternut squash soup to the smoked pumpkin tortolini to the lightly fried halibut and chips, great care went into the preparation and presentation of each item we sampled. Even the kale salad, which might have been expected to be boring, was brought to life with creme fraiche and sourdough chips. Dessert? Think spicy fig ice cream with Madagascar chocolate cake, which tasted even better than it sounds. A nice wine list rounds out one of the best bruch experiences i've had in a long time.
"You and I will be lost and found a thousand times along this cobbled road of us". (Atticus)

"What do you mean you don't know what your favorite fish is?" Five pairs of eyes looked judgingly in my direction. It was the second meeting of our culinary club members, and everyone was still sizing each other up. (The joys of attending a competitive b-school...)
"Is that a serious question?" I stammered. Deciding quickly to take the self-effacing route, I confessed: "Look. I've lived most of my life in Asia. I'm not used to seeing a name next to a fish on a restaurant menu. No matter what the cuisine, they are ALL just fish ("fish with oyster sauce", "Fish in green masala", "Steamed Fish with lime and garlic"). I've never even thought about fish that way!"
Everyone around the table laughed... and probably internalized about my deprived life. But, at the end of the meal, I had my answer: Halibut. I will forever owe the restaurant, Fork, for helping me reach that realization. And, it's perhaps that association that I carry with me, 15 years later. For, whenever I dine at Fork, I always find the standout dish for me is fish - despite sampling a host of fabulous dishes.

While lamenting that our paths had only intersected infrequently over the years since that initial encounter, I mentioned my preference for the fish at Fork to the bartender, Nicholas, adding that it was the smoked monkfish (Broccoli, potatoes, scallop) that was my favorite dish from the house menu despite the visual aesthetics of the gorgeous chilled crab salad (citrus, chicories, pine nuts)... And, while we are at the subject of aesthetics, it's hard for me to forget either the handmade spaghetti with blistered cherry tomatoes, garlic chips, and grana padano that evoked the green, yellow, orange, and red colors of the Fall or the watermelon salad with green coriander yogurt, brown butter, and pickled cucumber.  

As someone who loves pasta, I've really liked the seasonally changing options at Fork. While my current favorite here is the Chestnut Fettuccine with smoked mushrooms, accompanied by kale with garlic and onions and finished with a touch of butter, lemon juice, toasted breadcrumbs, and grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, I've also enjoyed the saffron Fazzoletti (with rabbit and green olives) and potato gnocchi (with lamb ragu and fermented sunchokes). 

The only (mild) disappointment I've had is in the desserts I've sampled. Of the three that I've had lately (Chocolate Date Cake, Pumpkin Mousse, and Lemon Sesame), I only liked the elements of the last one:  ricotta, tahini granola, and meyer lemon sorbet. But, I understand that my last two visits happened during the weeks surrounding the departure of the (then) head pastry chef, and I see that they have a very different menu now.

I've been pleasantly surprised by Fork's bar as they have some excellent cocktails, and I've enjoyed my conversations with the bartenders who are quick to share their love and enthusiasm for their craft with you. Thrilled that I could correctly pronounce, Cocchi Americano and Becherovka, I was recommended the Alpine Glow (also featuring besk, grapefruit, and honey) and later Thick As Thieves (bourbon, blood orange, rosemary, allspice). I enjoyed the latter more, but my favorite of all was The Burning of the Midnight Lamp (mezcal, green chartreuse, celery, and lime). Given the bar's strengths, I can understand why I've seen so many first dates - while seated at the bar - at times feeling like a voyeur representing Date Lab (WaPo) waiting in suspense as to whether or not the guy will order some food as well (as a sign of how well the date has gone). Hey, if you've been there for an hour already, and you haven't even asked her yet - I don't know about the girl, but I'm definitely going to judge you... ;)

The problem with familiarity is that you start taking things for granted. Many people, myself included, are surprised to learn that Fork has 4 bells from Craig Laban. But, truthfully the only thing that should surprise anyone is how consistently, effortlessly, and inconspicuously Fork has delivered excellent dining experiences for over 20 years now. For me the image that best illustrates the professionalism at Fork is of the servers quietly making their way through throngs of people and shadows to perfectly place your plate in front of you, describe minimally what the dish is about, and set you free to savor it with your senses and imagination. Timely and polite service. No fuss. No theatrics. No intrusion. (4.5 stars)
Have you ever gone to a restaurant with high expectations, only to drop a solid chunk of dough and leave feeling somewhat duped? Well I have, and it's not a good feeling. Fork is not that place. Last night, my friends and I enjoyed a great meal and we walked away feeling like our dollars were well spent.

From our pleasant greeting at the door to our dinner service, the staff was exceptional at their jobs and made us feel welcome. One of the biggest surprises came early, when we perused the extensive and smart cocktail list. One friend had an Earl Grey tea infused gin concoction, while the other ordered something with elderflower that mastered the balance of slightly sweet and still flavorful without overwhelming the palate. I was thrilled to see a champagne and aperol offering, since aperol is one of my favorite spirits and it's rare that I see it on a menu. The drink was just right and the bubbles went straight to my head. 

The dining room at Fork is beautiful, with an open kitchen facing the main dining area and a nice, big bar, plus a banquette that runs along the wall providing more table space. After ordering, we had our choice of three types of bread, followed by the amuse bouche: smoked salmon pate on crunchy crostini. I really enjoyed this despite not usually caring much for salmon. 

Two of us started with the soup: butternut squash with minced chestnuts. It was rich, buttery and perfect for a chilly night. Our other friend had one of the house-made pastas with pancetta, which was also extremely flavorful. While ordering, I had asked about the mackeral with olives and squid, but I ultimately ended up ordering the scallops. Needless to say, it was a very nice surprise when our server brought each of us a tasting of the mackeral between courses. It was delicious. The briny olives went perfectly with the flaky but meaty fish. I instantly regretted not ordering it as my main, but now I have a really great reason to return!

The scallops were no disappointment. They were perfectly seared and resting over sort of a hearty bean stew, with a crisp hash of apples and fennel bulb (hate the seeds, dig the bulb) between. My partner in soup had ordered the same dish, and our contrarian friend chose the pork chop, which was a great plate of chop, potato pancake, apple sauce and sauerkraut. Apparently, my friend is not a kraut lover, so I gladly relieved her plate of the slightly sour, bacon-flecked cabbage, which was just as good as my Gram's. 

Stuffed, we accepted our check without soldiering on to the dessert course. This was easily one of my favorite girls' nights to date, and I'm so happy I was able to try Fork after many years of foolishly putting it off. I won't make that mistake again.
Had dinner at Fork last week to celebrate our anniversary. While Fork is located so close to us, it never occurred to me to check it out.

We started dinner off with the Unlitro Tuscan blend, and it was deliciously easy to drink.

Per our waiter's recommendations, we decided to go with the pate appetizer and the feast for two with the whole black bass (you can also opt for the short rib).

Our appetizer arrived, and we dug in. It took some time for us to realize this wasn't the pate appetizer that we ordered, but the Yellow Springs cloud nine cheese. An error made by our waiter, but this local French styled goat cheese handmade to look like a snowball was sooo yummy and tasted much better than the pate that we had after. I highly recommend ordering this.

The feast for two took 30-40 minutes to prepare, which we were warned about. In hindsight, we should have gotten the short rib instead of the black bass for ease of eating, as the feast involved wrapping the protein in a lettuce wrap with Korean noodle salad. Even though the black bass was already deboned, there were the occasional bones.

After all that food, my husband still wanted dessert, so we ordered the olive oil cake. I took a bite of the olive oil cake, which I was so glad I did. The olive oil cake was amazing, and the BEST thing I ate that night.

Fork is underrated for sure. The food was good and the staff were very nice. Would love to come back again if not for dinner, maybe brunch.
Fork has been on my restaurant wish list for years so my husband surprised me by taking me here over my birthday weekend. The interior is beautiful with high ceilings and gorgeous chandeliers. I commented to my husband that I can't wait to come back and sit at the bar one night when covid is a thing of the past. We felt very comfortable with the spacing of the tables per covid procedures and loved our cute little table for two. 

Their specialty cocktail menu was limited so I didn't find anything I loved there but the bar was happy to accommodate any request and french 75 was delicious. For apps, we tried the dew drop cheese and the octopus. Generally speaking, octopus is not my favorite dish but the way this was done, with the flavor accompaniments, was divine. I told my husband this octopus dish was my favorite octopus I've ever had!! And just when I think it wouldn't get better, we tried the dew drop cheese. This dish is one of those dishes where you THINK you know what it's going to be and then you taste it and you're left wondering how they improved upon the two best things in the world: cheese & bread. The flavors were so interesting and unexpected but somehow worked perfectly- I couldn't get enough.

For dinner, I ordered the burger because I had heard from reviews that it was amazing and the reviews were right. The brisket was so flavorful plus I think every burger should have caramelized onions on it. It was pretty epic.

Dessert came around and I could barely eat anything else but I couldn't pass up one of my favorites: carrot cake. Honestly, this was the dish that fell short for me. The 'icing' was certainly not sweet, likely by design, as if it was a yogurt or sour cream based icing and while it was good, it wasn't the traditional carrot cake I was thinking it would be. The flavors in the cake itself were great though- spicy, just how I like it!  

Our service was great and I'm sorry it has taken me so long to get here but Fork was worth the wait.
Oh boy.  Where do I start?
Lots of things have changed at Fork.  Some for the better - but most are not.

Before I dive in - let me just say - or scream - this:

NOT GOOD FOR KIDS!!!!

Our fussy party of 4 included my not-so-fussy 8 year old - who has dined at many Philadelphia spots.  Before we went I saw "Crispy Chicken Nuggets" on the "Bites" menu - so I knew that was what we would get for her.

BOMB!  Dark meat chicken chunks in very pale (nearly white) tempura batter made the young lady frown almost instantly.

So we asked if the "Spaghetti al chitarra" (Homemade spaghetti with butter, scallions and crab) could be made as just spaghetti with butter?  What a fuss ensued - and after negotiations, yes - they brought her a small plate of home-made spaghetti DROWNED in butter.  And tried to charge $18 for it (which is the normal price when it comes with crabmeat.).

So disappointed.

OK - so "kids meal fiasco" aside - how were the grown-up dishes?
Not bad.  Salads were the stand out - my kale salad was terrific (Matyson's is better - as Fork's is a bit too vinegary in my opinion), and my friends split the "Roots" - a unique preparation of seasonal root veggies.

Appetizer pastas were SMALL and $15 - $16 each.  Yikes.

Our server is a great guy - and I just knew I had seen him before!
But the whole "not sure if we can make pasta with butter" thing just sat with me very poorly.

Even Ellen herself (the owner) cam out to chat with us - and I pretty much told her all of this.  I don't think it will matter one bit in the long run.
4 star food and 2 star (maybe even 1 star) service.

I won't be back. And there is no way I will deign to bring a kid in here.  (They made it very clear she was not welcome.
I can't rave enough about the food,  the staff and everything else about Fork! We had booked a private room for our holiday team dinner and it was the menu that hooked us on choosing this restaurant. 

Over by Old City on Market St, it's a very easy location to get to. The private room was slightly smaller than we were used to, but we figured out how to mingle and munched on some delicious appetizers. 

The chips and dip. Sounds standard. It was mind blowing. Thin crispy fresh herbed chips and a lightly truffled dip that I would have taken home if I could have. Chicken liver mousse bites,  damn good. Spicy meatballs,  yes! I liked the gougeres but they had a bit too much filling (cream cheese?) to be on my top list. 

The sit down dinner was beyond excellent. Started with the beef tartare,  which I'm giving best of 2019 to.  My steak,  tender,  juicy,  and not a bite left on my plate.  I had a bite of the salmon,  very good,  friends loved it. The almond financier dessert was ok but my lovely coworkers had the chocolate pudding bar and that... that blew my mind. 

Thank you Fork for the incredible and delicious night!
I am writing this review as someone who has had many excellent meals at Fork. Today's luncheon with several friends was a complete disappointment and what I hope is not a turn for the worse for this restaurant.
 Three of our party ordered the Crispy Chicken Nuggets. One person cut into a nugget and found it to be pink, cut into another and the center was clearly red. After trying to track down our server for several minutes we finally were able to alert her to the problem. She then informed us that the chicken was not raw but was thigh meat cooked via the Sous Vide method and was safe to eat. My dining companion was unconvinced and informed the waitress that she did not wish to finish the portion. The offer was made to substitute another item from the menu. She selected the roasted carrots. 
 My order and the other persons order of nuggets started out ok but we found pink and red portions also. We decided not to finish our order. The server was alerted to the fact that we also had undercooked portions, she informed us that she spoke with the chef and was told the chicken was cooked at the proper temperature and was safe to eat. I told the server I completely understood the process, that it was used to cook food evenly, not overcooking the outside, and leaving the inside juicy. That being said this was undercooked raw chicken, which while it may have been safe to eat was nonetheless  visually and texturally unappealing.  Our orders were replaced with the Avocado Cucumber Soup, which was very good.
 The Roasted Carrots that replaced the Nuggets were overcooked and charred, she only had two bites. The full dish was removed without comment, from the server as to why it went uneaten. At this point she was too disgusted to argue. Her main selection was Beef on Weck. I should note that she did not indicate how she wanted her beef served , it came out extremely rare. It may be just me but do not send rare beef to someone who has just complained about raw chicken without asking how you want it done.
 My order of Burnt Grains Pappardelle with Wild Boar Ragu was small but good. The others ordered the Roasted Skate with Clams one of which was cooked perfectly the other undercooked. At this point we were past complaining and just wanted to leave as we had been there over an hour and a half.
 I am upset that we were treated in such a condescending manner. I have not experienced this level of pretentiousness in past visits. I agree with some of the other Yelps that at this price point there are better options in Philadelphia. As for this lunch, at $25 per person, even assuming that everything was perfect, the portions were too small, for that price. I also want to say to a restaurant, that bakes and sells excellent bread next door, please do not give four people, four mini bagels the size of mini Tastycake doughnuts.
A Food and Wine's best new chefs of 2014; a top pick by Philadelphia Magazine's 2015, among so many other rewards!!! Having a good meal didn't surprise me, I expected Fork to be up a notch compared to other american fare. What I didn't know was that I would have another over-the-top dining experience.

Service was outstanding and my waiter, Adrien, was very knowledgeable about the menu, and and very pleasant during my meal. Fork décor is very sophisticated, thanks to the ever-so-classy yet cosmopolitan ambiance. Perfect stylish spot for a romantic date; I liked the paper chandeliers, and the hand painted murals, and I totally appreciated the music.

I opted for the house tasting menu for $75, since the the chef's tasting menu was not available on Sundays.
I started my meal with an amazingly tasty way: 
- Fermented fruit roll-up leather, made of radish with a spicy kick.
- A taste of celery soda, surprisingly, it didn't taste bad at all..
- Tuna tartare.
Amuses bouche board:
- Red Onion Bialys with house-made Philadelphia cream cheese. The bagel was a bit salty for my liking, but the cream cheese was perfect. 
- Little neck clam madeleine.
- Philadelphia pretzel nugget in mustard and cheese whiz.

- From the raw bar:  Shrimp Carpaccio? Sure! It did have a fishy smell, but it wasn't overpowering, and it actually tasted good.
- From the mid course pasta: Creamy chickpea postage stamps ravioli, accompanied with crusty Italian bread. DEL.ICIO.US!

Followed by an artisan bread board:
- Anadama bread made with cracked corn and molasses, paired with carrot butter.
- Sesame tahini bread, paired with smoked beet butter.
- Squid-ink dyed sponge bread, paired with seaweed rolled butter. It wasn't my favorite bite.

- From the entree: The Grilled Lobster Tail, and a lobster claw salad. Very beautiful and tasty.  
- Another treat was the goat cheese cracker, but I wasn't a big fan of it.
- From the dessert: Strawberry dessert which was great.

Seriously, all who appreciate delicious food, artistic presentation, and top notch service( Like-minded yelpers;) Fork is guaranteed-to-please kind of a place. 

Five Yelps.
We were not impressed!
I think we  might have  found it in Zagat.
We went here a while back and pictures are on our other computer that died. It is in computer heaven right now.
I think I had sword fish and my hubby had pork or something. Totally not memorable. I can still remember meals I had years ago in restaurants that were really good like Charles of Nob Hill in San Fransisco. So it is not because it was a long time ago. But I do however remember feeling we wasted our money something we are short of. We were in Philly for a short time since we  live in NY so we could have found  a better place to eat.
I also remember the wait staff treated us like they thought we were idiots. I feel it is over priced for what they offer and not a destination restaurant, If you live in Philly and have run out of options it's fine but I personally wouldn't go back.I see the reviews haven't really changed much. Some places change dramatically over a few years but this looks like it is the same. There are too many good restaurants in Philly for us to waste our time going back to a restaurant that wasn't great yet was over priced!
What an overrated restaurant. I'm actually appalled that his restaurant was recognized (or at least the owner of the restaurant) was recognized for a James Beard Award. I came here for brunch because of all of the buzz this restaurant was getting for brunch (ie Eater) but I was extremely disappointed. 

1. I asked for a refill on my coffee to one of the waiters. He continued to pass by my table and ignored my table without providing a refill. It was only the extremely kind hostess, not the waiter who I asked multiple times for coffee, did I ask and she was extremely helpful and was able to get me a refill. This entire process took at least 20 minutes. 

2. The waiters are not attentive at all. There's like 10-20 waiters here for only about 5 parties during the time I was here for brunch and they were all standing around and talking without paying attention to any of the customers. Also, see point 1. 

3. The food isn't that impressive. The steak and eggs were decent but for some reason the jus was really sweet which was really surprising. The eggs were overcooked and tasted like scrambled eggs on my steak dish but because we had timed parking at the Bourge parking garage it wasn't worth resending the dish back, although we really wanted to. Overcooked eggs is a big no-no. The French toast wasn't terrible, but definitely not the best French toast I've ever had by any means. It was a hefty portion for the price but what a disappointment. 

4. Parking garage is validated at the parking garage around the corner which is really nice and probably the only positive note.
If you asked what I thought this place right after my first meal, I'd have grabbed you and yelled "4 to 5 stars, BRAVO!" Looking back on that meal, as well as the other times I returned for dinner, I've mellowed and now believe that Fork's food is simply good, not amazing. (Exception, the luscious scallops.) Food aside, this venue has a sexy vibe, perfect for a romantic rendezvous.

Service (Torie and others) has always been stellar, the times I've been there. As a test, my friend chugged a whole glass of water, and the waiter came by moments later to refill it. He chugged no more. Speaking of quaffing, I had an excellent Pinot Blanc Alsace here.

Besides prices begging for expense accounts and randomly bland dishes (their ribs are mediocre), their bread isn't always warm when it comes out. That's a shame, as their bread (last I checked) is baked at Fork: etc. next door. Fork delivers a mixed bag but is worth at least a try.
La fourchette est parfait à tous points de vue. (Perfect in every way).

Fork was on the docket for lunch this week.  Their menu looked tight and refined; and the lunch prices  were low enough as to not dissuade my lovely lady & myself. We hopped in 'le Jeep' and were happy to find that parking was not a problem.  

We walked in, and were greeted by a young lady who spoke and dressed professionally...no tattoos, inappropriate attire, nose rings, or vacant expression. Rather a "Good afternoon Sir, will you be joining us for lunch?" 

"Why yes. Yes we will indeed. Two please." I managed, in my understated joy.

Lady Mary and I were seated, and took a few moments to study the menu. There seemed to be the potential for a few real standout dishes. We shared the duck terrine to start (yes they have a terrine for lunch), which was first-rate.  It was accompanied by a cranberry jam (maybe a remoulade) which brought a much needed element of sweetness to the appetizer.  To follow we had a home made cavatelli (pronounced Gah-vah-deal), and a pan seared sock-eye salmon respectively. The cavatelli, like the terrine, was definitely very good, but the salmon was the real stand out.  The colour was beautifully intense, and packed a serious punch in the flavour department without being over-seasoned.  Put this on your must try list. 

At this point, I would like to add that our service was impeccable.  Our waitress was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu, and also observed rules of etiquette I thought had gone the way of the Dodo. I couldn't help but notice she served from the left...wow...and changed our silver for each course. I can't tell you how impressed I was. She was happy to discuss the entire menu with us from our first course, to our last; which brings me to dessert...

After our table had been once again meticulously crumbed, we were given dessert menus. To our surprise, they offer a cheese course!  Most restaurants offering a cheese plate use ingredients which overlap somewhere else on the menu; which is to say that a cheese on this menu would be in another sauce or application somewhere else on the menu.  Not so at Fork.  They made a commitment to have a half dozed real, artisan cheeses offered. One can do 3/$13 or 5/$18.  We chose the former, and were once again more than satisfied, with the blue being the standout. 

One final point that I would like to make.  I've noticed many of the reviews on here are products of Restaurant Week, and that very few offer a real & accurate critique of the food.  I want to be clear when I say that Fork is not a 3.5 star establishment.  Their devotion to nouvelle French cuisine should be noted. What Fork is trying to do (culinarily) is very much in focus, and pays homage to other greats like Chapel & Robuchon.  Philadelphia is lucky to have a place who cares to give us a glimpse of this masterful world.  Five Stars, and not farthing less!!
During Equality Forum, a good sized contingent of great friends and new acquaintances went here for dinner on Thursday (Dining Out for Life). Although our party shrank in size from our initial reservation, the staff at Fork was gracious enough to put us in a private room in the back. The light fixtures were out of this world - papyrus paper lined light casings. The back room did have a bit of a board room feel, but it was awesome! At one point in time, it felt like we were at the long table from Kill Bill and we were in anticipation of Lucy Liu running down the center of the table... Alas, no matter how many drinks we had it didn't happen! LOL! 
The food was amazing and the service was astounding!
Awesome customer service. They went above and beyond like I've never seen at a restaurant. The food was top notch! Amazing quality. Absolutely delicious! Check this place out!!!!
Co-owned by respected restaurateur Ellen Yin and Chef Eli Kulp, Fork is the original concept for these James Beard Award nominees. It's part of the High Street Hospitality Group, which also includes High Street on Market, High Street on Hudson, and a. kitchen + bar. It's rare that a restaurant has not only persisted, but consistently progressed over two decades. And with Executive Chef John Patterson at Fork's helm, Craig LaBan elevated Fork to four bells late last year. So needless to say, the GF and I were excited. 

Here are excerpts from a Tasting & Wine Pairing we recently attended:

Sweet Amalia Oysters | Castellroig Rose Cava

Local oysters were on offer from Cape May NJ. Plump, meaty, and briny, this paired nicely with the cava.

Fairytale Eggplant | Castellroig Rose Cava

No bitterness came from these gorgeous fairytale eggplant, scored and delicately roasted to provide just enough smoky savoriness to bring us to our meal proper. 

Watermelon Salad | Cuvee di Silex 

For the GF's first course, she received a gorgeous landscape of compressed watermelon that had a subtle sweetness and texture that was balanced by the espelette-brown butter crumble and the floral tang of the green coriander yogurt. 

Shrimp Carpaccio | Cuvee di Silex

Not to be outdone, the dish I received was just as visually stunning. Lightly smoked, the briny essence of the shrimp carpaccio was further cemented by the sea beans, with additional texture coming from bits of radish. Both were paired with a crisp and vibrant Chenin Blanc.

Bread Service

Having previously flourished under James-Beard nominated Alex Bois, High Street on Market's bread program is second to none and continues to turn out amazing product. Therefore, it came as no surprise that bread service at Fork is not standard fare. A wonderful crust and a moist, buoyant texture within, it was the perfect vessel for the soft (yes!) pat of butter.

Potato Gnocchi | "B Minor"

Pasta were paired with an Australian Mourvedre-Grenache-Shiraz blend from Nagambie Lakes. Rich and velvety, this went nicely with the GF's gnocchi. Pillowy clouds of pasta were ethereal and seemingly vanished in the sauce of lamb ragu and English peas. 

Black Pepper Malfatti | "B Minor"

Malfatti were rolled out to thin pasta sheets, with cheese, garlic scapes, and cracked black pepper interspersed with some heft from the occasional fava. 

Golden Tilefish | Tasca d'Almerita Leone

Local New Jersey tilefish was delicate, flaky, and with the sweet essence of lobster or crab. Stewed Sun Gold tomatoes and potatoes provided the foundation, with furikake seasoning adding texture to each bite. This was paired with a fragrant Cattarato blend from Sicily. 

32 oz. Dry-Aged Strip | Valderhermoso Roble

We were also treated with a behemoth 32 oz. dry-aged sirloin - essentially the T-bone, with a bit of the filet as an added bonus. Nicely seared on the exterior and basted with plenty of butter and roasted garlic, I appreciated that the funk of the dry-aged beef was allowed to shine. This was served with rainbow carrots roasted in bone marrow and a well-dressed chicory salad. Paired with a Spanish red that was aged in French oak barrels, this was a luxurious end to our mains.

Intermezzo

A particularly pretty palate cleanser of tart raspberry sorbet and pomegranates signified dessert. 

Chocolate Mousse Tart

There was a nice interplay between the luxurious chocolate mousse and the tang of the citrus curd, with texture coming from the trail of chocolate graham crackers.

Pecan Brown Butter Cake

And to end, tangy, saccharine sorbet and fresh peaches sat atop a moist pecan brown butter cake.

Service was exceptional and seamless. Beverage Director & Manager Harry Jamison also ensured that each pairing was well-described and every question was answered. It was wonderful chatting with Ellen Yin when she stopped by to say hello to each and every diner.
Our dining experience at Fork was like eating the same meal at two restaurants. Food A+. Service D-. I was really looking forward to dinner, as I had never eaten at Fork, but was aware of the great reviews it's gotten over the years. Our party of five was on time for our 8:30 reservation, but were still asked to sit outside for about 30 minutes. Mildly annoying, but we had a round of drinks. We should have known it was just the introduction to a service disaster. 

When we were finally seated, it was at a table much too small for five. However, it was that or wait, since everything else was occupied. Our waiter "Ben" introduced himself, gave us menus and water, then disappeared. Half an hour later we flagged down another member of the waitstaff and told her "we need food." A third server appeared in five minutes to explain the menu and take our orders. Then he disappeared. (We later saw him in "civvies" drinking at the bar!) We ordered the "House" menu, which meant that we were somewhat restricted in what we could order (e.g., only two types of small plates per table), but would be served little "surprises" along the way. The food was uniformly excellent, but we had to fight for every course. The "surprises" were okay, not great. Cut to the chase, it took over three hours for the meal to be served and consumed; and that was without dessert, which we refused because we were so pissed off. We made our dissatisfaction known to anyone who would listen including the manager, and the most offered was to comp our drinks, which was barely a good effort for this mess. The restaurant wasn't even that busy, empty by the time we left! After we refused dessert (it was served anyway, but we sent it back), it took another half hour to get our check! The most incredible part of this experience is that the management just didn't get the message no matter how many times and how many members of our party complained. When we looked at the bill, we realized that they hadn't even comped all of our drinks.

What a shame to put such a beautiful picture in such a crummy frame. Won't be back. Too many good restaurants that know how to combine good food with good service, and know how to treat a table who were spending upwards of $500 for a nice meal.
A nice spot for brunch or dinner, good american cuisine, nice ambiance & service.
4.5 stars to be exact

I haven't had the opportunity to come back to Fork for the last couple of years, but last night our paths crossed, like crossing paths with the "one who got away".  The sparkle in my eyes, the smile on my face, the butterflies tingling in my stomach, and the activation of my salivary glands all set in motion while sipping a barrel-aged Ransom Old Tom gin, hidden from sight at the bar and suggested so wondrously by our servers behind the bar.  Grant (I believe was his name) and Josh both excelled at their craft and service, with a warm, but still professional attentiveness I so enjoyed.

A beautiful drink menu, wine menu and food menu, we started with the grilled sweetbreads with preserved sunchoke.  This was fabulous, the crispy outside, the tenderness and decadence below the crispiness, it was the best thing that attacked my tongue to this point in time of the evening.  ;-)

We split two pasta dishes, the Fennel Pappardelle, which flavors were amazing until the internal temp reached "room", then it lost some of it's flavor. The postage stamp ravioli was cooked so perfectly, such great flavors, but was over salted.  

The breads, the wines, the service, everything to make me not want to break up with Fork again, and re-emerge in this relationship.
I am never really disappointed coming into Fork, though maybe i should start revising my rating patterns.  Fours should probably represent Fork, never disappointing, but rarely perfection.  Maybe.  
Last night i got to try this months menu, and had the rollenos (a vegetarian dish spicy and mexican inspired).  My mother had the duck (but was confused by the lentils).  I didn't like the smoky flavor the snap peas had to them, and wondered if that was from the lentils.  But the rollenos was spectacular.  Full of veggies and orzo, some cheese and covered by half a red pepper.  It isn't too often that someone knows how to make a good tasting vegetarian dish in a restaurant that serves to many carnivores....
Mini desserts were a little lime tartlette (not that great) and lemon-jacara (sp) sorbet (yummmmm).  
It's nice to have a restaurant with an imagination in Philly.  Most of the Steven Starr set seem spiritless as porridge with their fixed menus and sometimes bland choices, but Fork is ever trying something new with really good chefs at their helm.
I'm a staunch Darwinian. Evolution. Survival of the fittest. Though after going to Fork, I may have to join the crazies and start believing in Creationism. It's as though the hand of Flying Spaghetti Monster came down from the heavens and touched Fork with his noodley appendage.  How else do you explain such a mediocre restaurant being so successful in such a competitive market for so many years?

The food isn't bad. It's adequate. It's just expensive for no good reason.

Add Fork to the list of places like Glam, Mint and every other monosyllabic foodery that should just go out of business.
Such a glorious meal that I will never forget. 

We were on a trip from a travel agency, Pack Up and Go. We had no idea we would be visiting Philadelphia but once we arrived we were in for a treat. Pack Up and Go have us the option to enjoy this restaurant our first evening in the city. We had reservations at 6:30. It was quite chilly out so I didn't want to dress too fancy but knew according to Yelp reviews I would need to dress up. 

Coat check when we arrived. The restaurant is mall and quaint with close tables but not cramped. We were given a run down of the menu and almost decided to go with the chefs pick a but decided against that and  hose randomly across the menu. We started with sweet breads. Some are turned off by the thought of this dish but I couldn't wait to try it. This was by far the best appetizer I have ever enjoyed. I couldn't believe how tender and flavorful each bite was. My main dish was a beautiful fish with brocolli puree. Seriously how can brocolli be so delicious as a puree? Thin and bright and bursting with flavor. 

Absolutely one of my favorite meals that I can remember in quite a while. If you're looking for a classy dinner, I highly recommend giving Fork a chance.
As many people know Eli Kulip took over Fork and then won Food & Wine Best New Chef for the region. We have been wanting to try Fork and when he won the award we figured we better get on with it before it became very hard to get a reservation. We were hoping that the whole Peking duck would still be a special but it was replaced by the Terrior tasting menu, at $95 per person it's pricey but you get 8 courses plus 3-4 amuses and our general rule of thumb is that it should be $15 per course or under. One member of our group is not a fan of pork and the restaurant worked with us very well in accommodating her needs. I am going over most of the courses but will leave out most of the bread courses. 
     The menu started off with some dandelion wine with a sugared dandelion stem to stir the drink. Quite tasty, bit of a spirity taste with both sweet and sour notes
     Next course were oysters with a white vinegar and cucumber purree, these were absolutely knock your socks off fantastic.  
     Buckwheat bagels topped with housemade cream cheese and trout roe, these were awesome and the trout roe was quite mild and not too salty which is something that I was worried about.
     Followed with some fruit roll ups and some housemade cornbread madelines topped with housemade Old Bay, these were exquisite and the difference in flavors between the two were great and really complimented each other.
     Apple salad with walnuts and mustard greens. This salad was fantastic, the spheres on the plate were pickled apples and they were just a touch spicy but were the highlight of the plate, everything was smooth and well balanced.  
     Venison carpaccio with greens and oil.  This dish again was extremely tasty and well balanced, there wasn't just 1 flavor that took over, everything on the dish worked together to create a new flavor profile and that is just cool.
     The next dish was paying homage to Pascal Barbot that is the chef at L'Astrance in Paris.  The dish entails thin almost filo like dough topped with in Fork's case a sweet potato purree and then topped with extremely thin sliced mushrooms. It is made to order and placed into a glass case and then presented to the table. Once presented to the table it is taken back to the kitchen where it is sliced and then brought back out and served to everyone. This was outstanding in both presentation and taste.  
     Next came brown butter noodles with giancale, topped with peccorino cheese, and at the bottom was an egg yolk. Stirred all together this dish was extremely rich but it was my second favorite dish of the night. I don't know if I could eat an entire plate of this because of the richness but I definitely able to devour this portion. 
     Next was a suckling pork chop with fermented spicy broccoli rabe, au jus, and sharp provolone cheese chips. WOW, that's the only way to describe this, if I had to eat my way through a dozen averages dishes to get to this I would. I have had the pork chop at Locanda Verde in Manhattan and the one here at Fork absolutely blows it away. This was without a doubt my #1 dish of the night.  
     Unfortunately the meal had to come to an end and it ended well and with a bang, with the Shoo Fly pie.  This was composed of molasses, tart cherry, rye struesel, and buttermilk ice cream.  The flavors were amazing and spot on and we thoroughly enjoyed this, we would have eaten a lot more of this had it been available.

All in all this was an incredible food experience and while it was pricey, I would much rather put my money towards these types of experiences than towards things.  If you haven't been to Fork yet get there.
When a co-worker from our Corporate offices stopped by and recommended we go to dinner, I searched for a solid destination.  I'd never been to Fork, but had it bookmarked and saw a great opportunity to test it with a friend.  Fork did not disappoint!

We both opted for the House Tasting Menu. You select an app, pasta, main, then dessert for $75.  This option also gets you "a few treats" that might otherwise only be seen in the $110 regional tasting.  I initially wrote off those "treats" thinking they wouldn't be all that special. I was wrong, they were awesome!  I'll avoid attempting to describe them in detail and refer you to the pictures.

For my meal, I began with "VITELLO TONNATO", moved to the BLACK & WHITE PICI, then COLORADO LAMB, and finished with the CIDER CARAMEL CUSTARD.  The vitello is a raw dish, with a generous serving of veal and solid pieces of yellowfin tuna.  The tonnato sauce could be a bit much at times, but I still loved the dish.  For the black & white, I was expecting full black and full white pasta mixed, but loved how each piece was half black and half white.  The fruits of the sea include muscles, lobster, and squid.  I loved this dish.  Finally, the lamb came out perfectly cooked (medium raw) with large cuts of meat and the chops on the side.  While they gave you a steak knife, you really didn't need it to slice. I can see why the lamb is so highly rated and recommended.  I barely had room for dessert thanks to the treats and my orders, yet I managed to take down the custard.  It was a slight letdown, but I was stuffed!

My coworker raved about his selections (oysters, ravioli, and branzino). I'll let him write his own review!  Overall, yes can I have some more!
My girlfriend, her parents, and I visited Fork last night.  My girlfriend's parents have been fans of Fork for many years now.  My girlfriend and I have visited both Fork and Fork Etc. in the past.  With the addition of a new head chef at Fork, we were quite excited to visit again!  Ellen Yin (Co-owner), really takes into personal consideration every part of this restaurant and makes the overall experience such a pleasure.  This new head chef is the former Chef de Cuisine of a restaurant in NYC that received a Michelin Star during is tenure.  That should tell you quite a bit about his capability and skills as a chef.

But I digress.  On to the the ambiance and food!

The new decor is very special!  One of the waiters is also an artist.  He painted (in oil paint) the two large murals that now line two walls in the dining room area.  He did a brilliant job.  It really adds to the whole atmosphere of Fork.  The lighting is perfect.  It's soft light, but not to the point where you need a candle or flashlight to read the menu.  The wine list is long and exciting.  The beer list is quite nice, as are the cocktails.

The appetizers are fabulous.   We tried nearly every appetizer on the menu.  The oysters are amazing!  Not too much vinegar.  They really taste delightful.  The scallops were tasty as well.  They are sliced very thin with beets to dress them up.  The octopus has a great taste and texture.  It's not what we were expecting.  My personal favorite is the Vitello Tonnato, which is veal carpaccio, raw tuna, tonnato sauce.  Superb!

For the entrees we chose the "Duck for 2" and the "Beef for 2".  They do not offer this every day and only had 1 of each left.  We jumped at the chance.  Definitely call ahead to see if they are having either of these specials.  I cannot put into writing the pure joy I had when tasting the duck and beef.  Picture a chocolate bar melting in your mouth as it hits your tongue.  This is precisely what the duck and beef mimicked.  We were all entranced by the spectacular texture and flavor.  The light crunch of the duck skin just added to the experience.  If you must try just 1 dish when visiting fork, it absolutely must be the duck or beef.  You will not be disappointed.

The dessert menu is good.  It is not amazing like the rest of the meal, but definitely not a let down in any way.  The eggplant cake is different.  It has some great textures and good tastes.  The lemon & thyme is also delicious.  The mousse on this plate is the best part of the dessert menu.

Overall this was perhaps the best meal of my lifetime to date.  I kid you not.  Having dined in spots all over the world, the feeling was mutual between the 4 of us that this is really the best restaurant experience thus far.  I can't tell you enough how highly I recommend Fork!
Hey just wanted to write a quick review for their amazing staff meals that they're offering during this coronavirus shutdown! 

Of course the menu changes daily so check their website but I've gotten amazing meals. 

One was Cioppino stew with grilled bread and goat cheese cheesecake with poached rhubarb. 

Another was peppercorn hanger steak with grilled root veggies and chocolate peanut butter cake with nougat. 

Love their food! Definitely going back for dine in when this is all over!
This beautiful space is located among the art galleries, antique furniture stores, and bookshops in the Old City Arts district. The New American menu changes on a daily basis. We started with shared orders of steamed mussels with sweet Italian sausage and spinach in a garlicky broth and seared ginger-scented scallops, followed by roasted bass with sauted tomatoes, onions, Kalamata olives, and red peppers and an absolutely fat-free breast of duck with carrot-potato mash and asparagus. The service is as impeccable as the surroundings are elegant.
I have never eaten here for a regular meal, so this review is strictly for a special event/private dining type experience.

Recently, we chose Fork for my sister's surprise bridal shower. I live in Minnesota, but my family is in the Philly area, so I was planning the event from afar. Having now done bridesmaid/MOH duty a couple of times, I had a pretty good idea of what I was looking for, and Fork fit the bill -- good reviews for food, a private dining space, good location, etc.

Big shout out for Liz, the restaurant's special events/ catering manager. Liz was great to work with. She was first of all very prompt in returning my inquiry. I also left messages with some chain restaurants and was shocked when it took some of them almost a week to return the message! By that time, Liz and I had worked through the negotiations and were on the verge of signing a contract. Anyway, back to Liz -- she answered all my questions, sent me photos of the room we'd be dining in, explained the contract thoroughly and sent me my copy to review. Everything she said she'd do, she did. And promptly. If only all businesses operated this way.

The actual event was a very lovely proceeding. The private dining room was smaller than I imagined it would be, but was still lovely. It's decorated nicely, with light, airy colors that make you feel very comfortable. The table was appointed nicely, and there were some nice touches, like personalized menus.

The food was excellent. We pre-selected menu options and then everyone got to choose an appetizer, entree and dessert. Everyone in attendance just raved about all three courses, and I saw many many clean plates going back to the kitchen. The beet and goat cheese salad and flourless chocolate cake were the consensus winners of the day.

One other huge positive was that we were not rushed at all. Our party stayed for cocktails, a three-course brunch and gift opening. In all it took more than three hours for us to finish our event, say our goodbyes and vacate the room. Never once did we feel rushed by the staff, and that in itself was worth the price for the private booking.

There were only a few very tiny quibbles I'd mention (and I stress MINOR):

-The staff on duty were apparently not informed that it was a surprise party, so one of them inadvertantly blew the surprise when we walked in by asking, "Are you here for a special event?" At that point, we were so close to the surprise part of the day that it didn't make a big difference, and Liz apologized profusely after the fact when I mentioned it to her. But still, I felt the communication could have been a touch better.

-There was only one server on duty for our entire party of 12 people. Serving a three-course meal, fetching drinks, refills, bread, butter and clearing kept him really busy for the whole three hours. Let me be clear -- he did a very admirable job and I tipped him 30% because I felt he really earned it and provided us excellent service all by himself. But I felt that things would have gone more smoothly if he had had a little help, even if someone from the adjoining cafe had just come to help serve each course (he had to go back to the kitchen three times to get all 12 plates out of the kitchen for each course).

Other than that, it was totally beautiful and a wonderful experience. Would highly recommend Fork for a special event booking! Compared to some other experiences I've had with similar events, this one was easy, professional and delicious!
The restaurant itself is modern, with a cool cement bar and warm lighting. I'd recommend a reservation, but walk-ins are offered bar seating with the same menu! I ordered the three-egg omelete, featuring branch creek farm spinach, shitake mushrooms and fontina cheese. The omelet, made from local eggs, was bursting with eggy flavor, while the ingredients sat demurely under their bright orange blanket, subtle and refined. The "home fries" were really young potatoes, boiled and delicately seasoned with fresh herbs, and the beautiful edible pansy added a bright splash of color to the plate. I'd already eaten a crusty, seeded bun before the main plate arrived, so turned out to be almost too much food! 

While drink prices are steep, food is very fairly priced, in a convenient location, and locally sourced! I'll be back. Really though, if you're on a tight budget, go anyway. Just skip the drinks and order one item or from the sides menu (pastries, bagels, etc.) ,and enjoy!
This is hands-down, my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia in 2017. From the Michelin level of service, to the gastric-distending portions of delicious food, I have to say that Fork is undeniably risen up to my favorites, beating all other local favorites such as Zahav, Laurel, Abe Fisher and etc.

I came here the night before New Years eve after reserving it on open tables and we were seated to an excluded area like we'd asked. The staff were incredible, from their friendly disposition, professional mannerism and very prompt table cleaning and water refills, I felt like I was at a Michelin restaurant. Since we had a large party and elected to get the chef tasting menu ($68pp, with each person selecting one option from the three meals), we ordered 'one of everything.' Keep in mind, that comes down to 20 individual plates, accompanied by three complimentary snacks, 2 pre desserts, and 2 post-check desserts, my family and I were wobbling home from the restaurant. To be honest, everything was spot on, and my only recommendation, aside from, get the tasting menu, is potentially avoiding some of the other dishes, if I had to be picky.

Drinks: I strongly recommend the snowbird, as the foam was expertly layered above the not-so-sweet spirit.

Appetizer: best oysters I've ever had. The winter salad was slightly forgettable, in comparison. The lamb carpaccio was amaaazing, but the crunchy mushroom was tough enough to break a tooth. The black bass, perfect and the parsnip soup was out of the world.

Pasta: My favorite was definitely the chestnut fettuccine, and the rest of the family loved the saffron fazzoletti (with super succulent rabbit meat), and the wife loved the bucatini. I unfortunately didn't like the gnocchi as much, but that's mainly because it a bit too salty.

Main meal: I don't know where to start, but definitely get the duck and the monkfish. The pork was absolutely tender and served in multiple manners, but at this portion of the dinner, we were stuffed like pigs ourselves. The cauliflower, I don't think is worth the $28, but hey, it's something different.

Dessert: try everything, although the date cake was meh. The pumpkin mousse was the best. Oh yeah, the cheese board comes with 2 pieces (generous) of cheese and almonds as well.

At the end of the day, this was a perfect meal and worthy of michelin stars, enough said. Five stars all around.
On a regular Sunday, going to brunch in Old City is akin to the old adage of "can't swing a cat without hitting" at minimum 15 restaurants serving brunch. Not so on Easter. My partner and I ventured out around 11:30am, excited about a buffet brunch at a restaurant we both love. We arrived at the place only to find it dark and closed... WTF?! Not feeling like going home to cook, we walked 3 doors down and decided to give Fork a try. We had no reservations, but were lucky enough to get seats at the bar. They were offering a 3 course brunch price fixed menu as well as a la carte. 

The bartenders were very gracious and funny! The food was really good. My partner had french toast with a fresh berry compote and sausage. I had the broccoli rabe, wild mushroom, and fontina omelet. It was amazing! For dessert we split the cookie sampler - I was in love! Cookies shouldn't be that good!! 

We definitely plan on going back for dinner!
I hate when one criticizes me when it is not constructive, so here is my advice for Fork:

1. If you are serving cooked food, cook your food. My fish was underdone.
2. If your menu says your creme caramel will come with poached pares, serve the pears. It would be great if you served them poached too!
3. If you're serving creme caramel, make sure you prepare it correctly so the consistency is not watery. 
4. If you plan to participate in restaurant week, give patrons a reason to come back and patronize your business.
Good Luck.
My fiance surprised me with a reservation to Fork for my birthday this past weekend. He and I are big foodies and had heard wonderful things. I had been dying to go for months. The food did not disappoint, the service however left everything to be desired. I can honestly say I am dumbfounded by their Philadelphia Magazine #2 ranking after our experience. 

1. Reservations: Don't bother, really - don't bother. They don't honor them. We arrived promptly for our reservation at 7:30 and were told they were running 25-30 minutes behind. I find it rude when I make reservations that are not honored however, they were extremely busy so we decided not to let that deter what was sure to be a fantastic evening. 

2. Space: There is none. Once we were told we had a wait ahead of us, we were told we could get a drink at the already overly crowded bar. We decided not to fight for space and instead chose to stand in the only avaliable space - awkwardly facing a wall, shoved in a corner with the rest of the reservations who had not yet been seated. It was very uncomfortable. 

3. Our Table: Finally, 25 minutes later we were seated, but sadly not under the beautiful tree near the kitchen with all the lovely warmth and decor. We were taken to the front darket, coldest corner I have ever been seated in. We were right next to the door and everytime it opened, we got hit with a blast of freezing cold air. I have great eye sight, but our corner was so dark I could barely read our menu. It was terrible! And those chairs, my back and butt hurt because they were so ungodly uncomfortable. 

4. Drinks: TERRIBLE. For the #2 restaurant in Philadelphia, you would expect to have a fantastic bartender on staff whipping up delicious concoctions. The drinks we got were subpar at best. We had better drinks at The Continental after dinner. 

5. Service: For what our meal cost, we should have had a perfectly executed meal. Our service was absolutely atrocious. First, our server came over to ask about water and disappeared for far too long considering how long it took for us to get seated. We decided to go with the 4 course house menu so we could get a little of everything. We put in our orders and sat back, waiting for all the delicious food to arrive. We were impressed and had fun with the little amuse bouche that were sent out, but when it came time for our first course, they completely botched it. I ordered the cheddar and cauliflower soup, my fiance ordered the scallops. They brought two cheddar and cauliflower soups and had to bring his scallops during our 2nd course. We got through the rest of dinner with no hiccups, until dessert. I ordered the apple cider custard dish (absolutely delicious!), Matt ordered the coffee cake BUT was given the chocolate dessert. Once again, they screwed up our order. I then had to get up and find our server who had disappeared on us. 

This is unacceptable. For what I am paying and for all the hype surrounding this place, this should not be happening. This is the classic case of showmanship vs. good service. I do not care that they poured our soup simultaneously, or that they served crackers the size of quarters on 12' reclaimed wood. Give me good service any day over being fancy for the sake of being fancy. At the end of the night, they comped our subpar drinks as some sort of gesture of apology, which I appreciate but still felt like it fell flat considering what we paid for our meal and the experience. 

The food was amazing, but I feel so soured on the entire experience. They must pull out all the stops for the critics but for us everyday people, the experience is smoke and mirrors to mask poor service.
I held my sister's bridal shower at Fork something like six or seven years ago (lovely), but we'd never actually eaten a regular meal there. So when I was home visiting, we went out to dinner with my sister and her husband at this kind of "historic" place for my family. I remember the food during her shower being great, and the food during our dinner was equally so.

We started with some oysters - they were fresh, well-shucked and generally pretty good. I did wish there were maybe some more varieties, but they were good. We also got the tartare (which was really unique in presentation and lovely) and the foie gras appetizer because I love foie gras. That was also very good (but should be served with more little cracker things). For dinner, the table was divided. My brother in law and I both got the filet, which was really delicious and well-cooked. It was served on a very small bed of some roasted veggies like carrots and potatoes. Team fish was on the other side of the table - my sister and my husband. She got the salmon, he got the halibut. Both reported the fish was excellent but I have to say the portion sizes were pretty tiny and I think they had some ordering envy. Team steak definitely won on that one. We totally would have done dessert but we have a tradition so we went down the street to the Franklin Fountain instead. But the dessert menu looked great too. Service was very good. We'd definitely come back.
Came here on a whim for dinner post-Art After 5 at the PMA. I was incredibly impressed. 

Ambiance is intimate and inventive (like another reviewer mentioned, cool murals and a tree in the middle of the restaurant); excellent spot for a dinner date. Even though it was fine American dining (and I don't usually go for American, usually favoring the more ethnic end of the spectrum when it comes to cuisine), my experience was nothing less than amazing. Perhaps it was the bottle of prosecco talking, or the wispy breeze drifting in through the open window, or the slight buzz you only get from dusky summer nights, but if a foodgasm was possible, I definitely had one.

We ordered the muscovy duck special, which was an entire duck plated four ways. First, duck breast with the skin crisped to perfection, with bits of fat still on the ends. Next, duck leg confit with broccoli rabe (this one was slightly underwhelming. Not enough confit, in my opinion), followed by duck prosciutto and duck hearts in a bed of bitter greens. Last came the duck meatballs, which were generously sized and in a robust tomato sauce. 

Everything was fantastic. The only downside is the price (the special is $44 per person), but if you have a little extra to spend, make a reservation. My date and I were enormously pleased, and I cried a little at the conclusion of the meal--partly due to the blow I'd just dealt my wallet, but mostly because I had finished the food. (The prosecco definitely helped lessen the blunt shock of the bill.)
Overall, a pretty nice evening. 

Positives:
-the appetizers were fantastic!!! They were large, flavorful and unique. 
-the waitstaff was friendly and attentive
-the outdoor space was quaint and comfortable.

Negative: 
-the actual entrees were small and the mackerel was extremely fishy. It was hard to get any flavor that wasn't the deep sea. Additionally the pork rib and sausage was just that ONE single rib and some small pieces of sausage. With such great apps this was a slight disappointment. 
-the cocktails only had four options which were all quite sweet and unbalanced. None of us (and we got all four) were impressed. 

We will def return, but maybe next time for wine and aps.
This ambience of the restaurant is very welcoming and the decor is almost forest-like with many plants. Our reservation was for a Friday night and it was packed! Our server was excellent and provided us with the perfect amount of time between sitting down, looking at the menu, ordering drinks, and then ordering our meal. She was also spot on with her wine selections by the bottle! 

We were celebrating a birthday, so we decided to do the house/tasting menu option. You pretty much pick 4 courses (appetizer, pasta, entree, dessert) and then the chef throws in a few extras here and there. Each of us picked something different, so we were able to sample a very large portion of their menu. I would definitely recommend the house menu because you really do get a lot of "extras" that you probably would never order for yourself. You also get to experience flavors that you would never think of pairing together. All of the dishes were excellent! There were some favorites amongst the table, but everyone was very pleased with the first 3 courses and all of the extras. 

The desserts are where it fell a little short for me. There are only 4 options for dessert and none of them were really jumping out at me. Since we were a party of 4, we were able to try them all and I wasn't a fan of any. Don't get me wrong, none of the desserts were bad, they just weren't for me. For this, I give the restaurant 4 stars instead of 5. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for any special occasion!
I have considered a visit to this restaurant a few times in the past. For some inexplicable reason, I passed. Another shiny object gained my attention. This visit I really wanted to try Fork and I'm glad I did. It was excellent. 

The Chicken Liver Pate was rich and dense, the crostini the perfect foil. Their sweetbreads arranged with pine nuts, cranberries, mustard aoli  over frisée were nicely breaded and tender with just the right amount of bite. The glazed Halibut sat in a bath of broth with turnips, fiddlehead fern and mushroom was very tasty. The Praline Coconut Tres Leches was a unique treat with which to finish. 

I arrived early and had the benefit of a number of staff chatting and suggesting food options. As my meal progressed, the place started to fill and the buzz built. Clearly, people in town know what I had avoided. Fork is a place to visit. Don't wait like me!
My best friend took me here for my early birthday dinner. It's been on my list for years and I've never had the opportunity before, but it was worth the wait! We started the evening with a bottle of crisp chenin blanc. By stating that the house menu came with some small additions and special surprises, our server totally sold us on it, especially since everything on the menu sounded so good. 

An amuse bouche came out first with two pieces. There was a sunchoke bite and a smoked salmon with caviar. Neither of us were familiar with sunchokes all that much but loved the creaminess of this root vegetable. The smoked salmon had a bright hit of fresh dill on it that was very good.

For our starters, we chose smoked shrimp carpaccio with radish, black olive, and kumquat and raw albacore tuna with almonds and fennel. We didn't mean to have both as raw dishes, but our server told us that these were both excellent. It was a wonderfully fresh start to our meal, and you could tell the ingredients were high quality in these simple dishes.

For the pasta course, we got the lemon pepper fettuccine with crab and bucatini with mussels and andouille sausage. We both decided that the bucatini was our favorite between the two with a bold, spicy flavor. The lemon pepper flavor didn't shine through as much as we expected in the fettuccine. It came out with a couple slices of crusty bread and butter, which we used to scoop up the sauces. 

We had some trouble deciding between the mains, but we settled for the bouillabaisse with saffron broth and duroc pork with spaetzel. The bouillabaisse had beautiful presentation. There was a shell wrapped in puff pastry and you cracked it open to find fish and uni. Then the deeply flavorful broth was poured table side upon the varieties of fish. We loved the crunchy spaetzel that came with the three cuts of pork: a slice of belly, a slice of tenderloin, and a rib. 

Hands down, we thought dessert was the best part. To be more specific, the earl grey posset, which is a pastry that was soooo fragrant with the tea flavor. It was served with blackberry basil sorbet and thin slices of puff pastry. We also got the trio of daily ice creams: chocolate honey sesame ice cream, coconut sorbet, and a huckleberry ice cream. The first two flavors were so good, but the huckleberry was a little bitter to us. Not sure if that's what a huckleberry tastes like, but we didn't prefer it. Afterwards, it ended with a pate de fruit, which to be honest was a little too sugary for both of us. 

The evening ended up lasting until almost 11 p.m. but we did not feel rushed at all. The server insisted we stay to truly finish up, even though he was closing out. We was incredibly approachable in helping us decide on the menu and throughout the meal, and we had a great time. The only disappointment I have is waiting too long to come here!
Don't get me wrong, I loved this restaurant - from the food, service to the ambiance, after a lovely dinner a while ago. It's kinda pricy, but based on my previous experience, I decided to take my family for weekend brunch. 

I'd say, the service is always excellent, the ambience is warm and cozy either for the day or night. But when it comes to food, none of them met my expectations. We had a party of 6, so we basically ordered everything on the menu ( the brunch menu is very limited). The omelet is such an disappointment, I could made a better one myself. The burger is just average. The brunch for the table option is slightly better, but for the price you pay and the portion you get, I'm not sure I will order it again. 

Basically, the food for brunch is overpriced for what it is, it doesn't even taste that good. However, I'd recommend having dinner in there.
My favorite date night spot ever! The Resteraunt itself is super small, but you're not on top of each other. I have never had a server that was anything short of excellent. My husband and I normally do the chefs tasting and they give you extensive detail on everything you are getting that evening! I can't come here without getting the black and white pici. It's just too good! We get a different entree almost every time we come because the menu is always changing! Their cocktails are always well presented and delicious as well.
Fork is an upscale American restaurant located in Old City. We came to check it out one cold Friday evening during covid. The interior is dimly lit with tall ceilings and large chandeliers, which creates a high-end, romantic atmosphere. The tables are quite spaced out as well which I appreciated. 

The menu was rather limited although I don't know if that was a choice or an effect of the current times. I tried two of the four available cocktails but unfortunately neither was particularly memorable. For the food, we started with the octopus which was served with a mix of cruciferous veggies. The octopus was very well cooked, I just wish there had been more of it or at least an equal ratio with the veggie mix. For our entrees, we both ordered burgers - I got an extra egg on mine (would recommend). I actually really loved the favor of the burger, very well seasoned. 

The service here was also good and our waiter made sure that we were well attended throughout the meal. Overall, it was a nice meal in a pleasant ambience that is good for a date night or a small group.
Beautiful forest-themed space with an open kitchen and impeccable waitstaff. We had a special evening that lasted several hours -- I loved the relaxed pace. Two of us had been before and remembered being impressed so when trying to find somewhere to go on a Wednesday night without a reservation, we ended up here.

On Wednesday nights they have a themed dinner, and this night's was Momofuku inspired. We were told that it was sold out (people pre-order in advance) after three of us had their hearts set on it. But we were also told that sometimes people pre-order and then don't show or order something else. So after deciding on alternate items, we were told there were dinners available!

Three ordered the themed dinner and I ordered a salad starter and a large pasta after being told by the waiter that the starter size was really quite tiny. My salad of winter greens was fantastic with a bit of blue cheese and nuts. The potato gnocchi was good too, and the right amount. The gnocchi themselves are tiny and the lamb ragu was not tomato-based as I'd assumed it would be but the lamb was good and it went well with the sunchokes.

I tried a few of my friend's Momofuku inspired dinner including the rice cakes which had a yummy crispy outside (though could have been even crispier) and a chewy (really more sticky) center. They were interesting, definitely a comfort food. I also tried the second course, a huge pillow of bacon! Not my cup of tea and so rich. But the dessert that came with this meal was so amazing. I'm not normally a desert girl but I love texture and this had cold, hot, crunchy, creamy, and cakey: A warm butter soaked spice cake next to corn flake ice cream sitting in crumbled corn flakes. There were a few more things going on that I can't remember now but it was a party in my mouth that I wanted to go all night.
Took my future mother in law out for mother's day with my girlfriend. Very nice vibe and cool atmosphere. It was a little warm, even the waiters were sweating.  We waited for 15 minutes to sit down when we had reservations and the table that we were eventually seated at was empty the entire time.  We had no idea what the size of the portions was like prior to coming.
For appetizers we ordered the spring salad which was tiny, oysters which were good and we ordered a pasta dish and a ravioli dish. (I forget the exact names). There was an option to select the size of the portion and we selected large for both. For entree we ordered Bronzino for the table.  All of the meals were very expensive and the portions that we were expecting to be large were VeRY small.  $28 for a small pasta dish that we ordered in large is not reasonable.  They plates for ridiculously small for an unreasonable price. For dessert we ordered three out of the 4 available desserts which were all good but microscopic.   Each dessert was the size of one scoop of ice cream.  The service we agreed was also "just ok" and the menu is confusing.  The menu options dont explain or help you visualize what the dish actually is and we had a lot of questions.  Due to the price and a 5 star image, I was disappointed to spend $300 for dinner and leave kinda hungry and not fully satisfied.   The food tasted good but not worth the price at all.
I can't believe it took us almost a year of living in Philly before we made it to Fork, but once we moved nearby, the excuses went out the door. We're glad we finally gave it a chance!

While the history and perceived atmosphere may carry a sense of fine dining, the reality is a casual atmosphere, with dishes that may have a few ingredients that you aren't familiar with, but flavors that are anything but intimidating! There's a sense of adventure in the plating, but this isn't gastronomic fine dining. This is well-executed, well-sourced food that's ever-changing and suited for everyone's palate. While it's not a cheap place to dine regularly, the prices are fair for the quality and the service we've experienced, and prior to the epidemic, there was a bar menu launching with familiar, approachable items like a burger, etc. at price points that would've probably seen us in there once or twice/week! Hopefully when things get back to normal, we see a similar plan take shape! 

If you want to get your toes wet, brunch is a great option, with a familiar menu and brunch prices. Dinner is far more exciting, but both are excellent!

As for the service, it's always been incredible, from the very first time we pulled up a seat at the bar! The staff, top to bottom, has always been really friendly and outgoing, and after only one time in the restaurant, it felt like everyone remembered us! Between the staff, the food, and the welcoming atmosphere, it's hard to not go more often (well, prior to this pandemic).

We even took part in an event in one of their event spaces in the back of the restaurant, and that was a great experience. We had no idea the restaurant was so expansive, but they definitely seem to have great spaces to host. The food was great, as well as the service during that event, too, so it's probably worth exploring if you need a space to host (in the future) in the Old City area!

Overall, the staff and the food haven't let us down yet, and Fork is one of the places that we're itching to return to once things return to whatever normal it will be. Hopefully we see the same wonderful staff, too, because they're really what helped make the place awesome!

Enjoy!
A friend and I came here during a weekend visit and had a great experience! 

Service: the waiter was INCREDIBLY knowledgeable about the food which was super helpful. He was also super kind and accommodating- I can't have soy, buckwheat, or eggs and he worked with me to create an option (not on the menu!) that worked for me and the flavors I wanted to try. 

Food: we decided to do the four course deal for $78 each. We started with the venison tartare and the oysters, both really good. For the pasta course, my friend got to squid ink noodles and I got a special that met my dietary needs combined with the lamb ragu from the gnocchi. Both very good! For entrees, my friend got fish and she really loved it. I got the chicken, and I'm sad to report that I was disappointed in it. The chicken itself was good and the skin was crispy, but everything it came with didn't seem to mesh well- the flavors of the eggplant and the sauce and peppers it came with were strange and didn't go well together. Finally, for dessert I got the cheese plate and my friend got the earl grey mousse. She said the mousse was awesome, and the cheeses were very good also. But would've liked to have been able to choose the cheeses instead of being given no choices just three set ones. 

Ambiance: the tree and lighting inside make it really beautiful! And the waiters are all dressed nicely making it feel more upscale. 

Overall, great experience, but took off a star for some flavors that didn't quite mesh.
Unfortunately, I was very disappointed with the Sales Manager here.  I had a bridal shower, and had several issues with her - from her incorrect spelling of my name, to sending the incorrect contract numerous times, to taking too much for the initial deposit.  Also, the final bill had amounts different than the quoted contract, so I had to fix that.  Unfortunately, I did not see another incorrect contract quote when I paid the amended bill, so I called the Sales Manager 2 days later.  That was 3 weeks ago, and I have not heard from her, despite 2 emails and one phone message.  I contacted the Manager and he has not returned my call as well.
The food was okay.  I give it 2 stars because the wait staff was excellent.  All in all, I will be picking a different restaurant for my next bridal shower.
Made reservations for a rainy Saturday night at Fork for my boyfriend and I. Restaurant was pretty full, dim lighting, very romantic vibe. 

We had the house tasting menu, which comes with a starter, pasta, entree + dessert. We got the oysters + sweetbreads (very juicy and flavorful!), gnocchi and bucatini, bouillabaisse (to die for!) and lamb, and the pain perdu + panna cotta. Everything was absolutely wonderful, including the wine we ordered. 

Service was super attentive and polite. We were the last couple in the restaurant and did not feel rushed at any point to leave. Definitely recommend if you're looking for a nice quiet time with some amazing food.
Went the other night, so happy we did.  I have not been there in a couple of years and now I've decided that will be too long in between visits.  The food took over most every other sense I could have.  Our service was pretty weak and our table was not choice, but I made my reservation late so the table was expected, the service was not.  I did not even care, every aspect of the dishes we ate were perfect  and balanced to me.  Soup was  butternut squashbut instead of going the common place way most chefs do by making it with pumpkin pie type spices or creme fraihce in an attempt to lighten it or something, I enjoyed the great combination of a grilled shrimp-slightly charred and placed in the perfectly seasoned soup.  Warm and homey without making me feel as if that is all I should of ordered.  Wild mushroom en croute was great and had a small pickled mushroon salad on the plate, very tasty. I had the smoked duck which was prefectly smoked ever so  lightly, not to disrupt the harmony of the meat and fat. of the breast.  There were roasted figs as well, excellent  The scallops were again, cooked perfectly and in a delicious broth and of course it went perfectly with the scallops.  The coconut/pomegranate sorbet had great balance-sweetness of cocunut and tartness of the pomegranate with excellent texture.  The apple tart-most pedestrian, I know-had a delicious vanilla ice cream scoop, I with it had 7 scoops, was cooked to perfection and the balance of ice cream to apples to crust as excellent.
Please know the entire experience for me was amazing because of the food, nothing else mattered but that and the girl I was with.
I cannot believe I have never written a review for here before! 

If you are looking for a good date spot, this is where to go.  And I should know, I had a first date here three years ago and ended up married to the guy. I attribute this fact mostly to Fork and not to my husbands charms.

 It's intimate but not in a fussy way. It's got great food but not in a an overwhelming pretentious way. The waitstaff is attentive and nice but won't hover and kill the vibe. The cocktail list is also uber great. Order the one with grapefruit and mint- you will be happy. 

Every time I have walked out of here, it's been with a smile on my face. It's also in a great location if you want to continue your date with some additional cocktails to keep the fun going.
Not really sure why Fork only has 3.5 stars. My friend and I were in Philly for the first time and someone told us we HAD to try Fork. Luckily for us, it was a 3-minute walk from where we were staying. Obviously you need to get a reservation. We did not, and ended up being seated at the bar at 10:15pm for our Saturday dinner. That sounds bad but they actually set us up with a tablecloth and beautiful place settings. We got to sit next to each other which was super nice and we got to talk to the different bartenders about their hometown of Philly. 

We ordered the $3.75 oysters and though small, they were extremely tasty. We each got a cocktail and they were both good. I honestly don't think you can go wrong with their cocktail menu.

We ordered a variety of dishes but I think the pasta with seafood stole the show. It had a TON of seafood in it, they're not screwing around. I'm talking multiple kinds of fish, scallops, shrimp, mussels, etc.

I especially enjoyed the lighting and decorations. This was fun -- while I was walking to the bathroom the numerous staff people basically jumped out of my way, going on and on about "excuse me, Miss!" They had obviously been trained well. They did the same to my friend.

I see mixed reviews below, but if you're in Philly and looking for a nice little dinner at one of the city's best spots, I'd call Fork and get yourself on their list. This was a birthday dinner for the books.
This little American bistro has been on my list for a while, and it was truly a great spot. The husband took me for my birthday, in large part because of all the good things we've heard about the wine list and it was perfect. Tons of really interesting bottles for under $40 (our price range), and without some of the typical mark ups of a Philly restaurant. Ok, it was strange that this American bistro had 0 American wines... but letting that slide, we were totally happy. 

We were bummed about our seats - and no we're not that couple that needs good seats to like a restaurant. They just have about 4 2-tops against the left wall, across from the server station area and right in the breezeway of all foot traffic and cold air whenever the door was opened. I'm 26 - not 66 - this is not something just usually bothers me, but it was cramped and chilly, and the main dining area was no where near packed. We should've spoken up, but I feel like they should've sacrificed those tables once the weather goes bad. 

Foodwise, this place was pretty great. The American tapas appetizer was delicious, and our desserts were classic but well done (even if they forgot my candle, which bummed the boy out).

Entrees. I had the homemade chestnut parpadelle with duck ragu and it was incredible! Husband had the lobster/scallops over linguine in a lemongrass sauce, which he liked, but I wasn't so crazy about. It was a little bland for my palate, but that's why he ordered it and not I. 

Service was about par for the course, and prices were fine. So. Nicely done, Fork. After we finish off out restaurants-to-try-in-Philly list, we'll be back.
Very nice place - beautiful decor.  You can tell that his place is owned by someone very detail-oriented.  The service was great even though it was a little busy.  My date had to change plans and did not eat but the waitress did not seem to mind (although I did a little.)  Food and wine selection seemed very nice.
I debated leaving 4 stars because of a bit of a miscommunication that occurred, but the food was so good I couldn't. The atmosphere and decor of the restaurant was also impeccable. 

I went to Fork last weekend and as part of their 20th anniversary celebration they were offering 20 tastes of Fork. The waiter described it to us and it sounded awesome so we decided to try it. Unfortunately she came back a few minutes later and said they had ran out but the chef could make things for us instead (and it seemed like it was going to be 20 courses as well). 

The 20 courses (so I thought) started off magically. We had some oysters, rock shrimp, mushrooms, lamb tartare, this amazing radish and crab dish, parsnip soup... then this is were the dishes really started to get larger. My friend and I each got a seemingly full size pasta dish (this was about 6-7 for us and we were thinking that we were going to have 10+ more things to eat. However when the next dish came out which was clearly a main course (the wahoo and chicken) I started to realize these weren't "tastes" anymore. When our waitress came back I asked her about it and she was like oh of course you don't have 10 more dishes you just have dessert after this. I wasn't upset with the amount of food we received (it was alot!) but I was upset because I felt anxious about how much more food was coming when I thought we had 20 courses. Overall it was a slight miscommunication but I wish the waitress would have been more upfront with what the plan was for our tasting menu. With that said, everything that was brought to our table was delicious. 

The only other complaint I had was that it seemed like we were rushed out at the end. All of the servers and workers seemed to lingering around us as if begging us to leave so they could go home. It made me feel uncomfortable and I wouldn't have expected that from a place like Fork.
We went to Fork for the first time on my birthday for dinner and it was super delicious. I've lived in Old City for years and had always been curious. It's upscale but still a relatively casual atmosphere, with a variety of small dishes.

The tasting menu is very expensive, and honestly too much food for us, so we ordered a la carte and opted for a bottle of wine instead! We each ordered a small pasta, entrée, and shared a dessert. 

We started with the Saffron Fazzoletti with rabbit and the Potato Gnocchi. Both were amazing with so much flavor and my favorite part of the whole meal. For our mains we had the duck and cauliflower steak. Just a heads up the cauliflower steak is actually cauliflower prepared like steak, and was just incredible and the most filling thing I had.

It's very expensive, but it's a fun place for special occasions. I can't wait to try their famous brunch!
For a mind blowing price, I expect a mind blowing experience.  Fork doesn't blow, but it doesn't blow my mind either.  Sure, there's an element of lameness in giving a mediocre review to a place surrounded by as much hype as Fork is, but what kind of person would I be if I failed to deliver the truth & nothing but the truth?  You know you want it.

Major points for decor, of course.  Totally romantic lighting & warm vibe overall.  As nice as the main area is, though, the private room in the back trumps all.  You can have it if you have a party of 15+.  Buuuuut the waitstaff are nothing to write home about.  Exceptional service is what makes a four (or five in Yelpland) star restaurant--awesome decor & food aren't enough, and Fork does not have exceptional service.  It's a bit more than mediocre, & that's all, & that surprised me.

Like the entire dining experience, my meal contained both lovely and wack elements.  Allow me to explain.  Tapas: Meatballs, calamari, pickle thingies, smoked salmon, & fish sticks -- all in glammed up form.  Despite the glam, nothing makes the mouth water.  Entree: Broccoli rabe, salmon, shitake mushrooms, and jasmine rice.  Rice, why were you somewhat crunchy?  Rabe, you can be a bit bitter, but not to the point of verging on icky.  Dessert: Lavender-strawberry shortcake.  Translation: A brick of biscuit next to a scoop of gelato next to whipped cream next to strawberries that appeared to come out of a can.

Overall, if you're willing to drop this kind of money on a meal, I'd say take your wallet to a place that's really exceptional, either service-wise or food-wise.  Fork isn't it.
Can't believe how bad it was. We decided to celebrate my birthday there because of all the great things we read online about this restaurant. First of all, the host was extremely unwelcoming and lacked the qualities expected of a host such as friendliness and enthusiasm. The host was gloomy and that really set our mood. At first, He wanted to seat us in the dark corner away from the crowd,but then after we expressed hesitation he seated us in another corner closer to the rest of the people. At the end of our interaction with him he said "by the way, happy birthday" in such a tone that I thought it would have been better if he said nothing at all. 
The waiter was pretty awful too. He was uptight, somewhat condescending, abrupt, and just not pleasant to deal with. The restaurant was only half full but the waiter was slow to approach our table, to take our order and slow to do everything expected of a waiter.We decided to order our starters first and then the main meal. The waiter protested and told us that we couldn't do it and that we had to order everything at the same time, and without listening to us he departed telling us that he would be back to take our full order. That shocked us, and at that point we wanted to leave altogether. The only thing that kept us was the fact that it was Monday at 8pm, and we were afraid that we wouldn't find a good restaurant to celebrate my birthday at. 
We stayed and it was a big mistake since the food wasn't good as we were hoping it would be. In fact, it was pretty atrocious.  We ordered some raw tuna appetizer and shrimp carpaccio. Raw tuna appetizer was bland, the sauce was watery. Shrimp carpaccio was beyond bad - mayo was all that I could taste- the thin piece of whatever it was was richly smothered with mayo! The bread which was on the House was just alright(a couple of weeks ago we went to Le Cheri, amazing restaurant which I couldn't possibly compare to Fork, and their bread was melting in my mouth).  Our main meal consisted of lemon something pasta with crab. I could come across only a couple of tiny-tiny pieces of crab. Pasta itself was very oily. The sauce made my husband gag- the sauce tasted very bad, the flavors were clashing and just didn't go together. Overall the meal was low quality and for that reason the food was overpriced. Finally, any kind of ambiance was pretty nonexistent. I felt tired and depressed by the end of the night at this restaurant. The restaurant was extremely suffocating and stuffy.  Both of us couldn't be happier when we left. We didn't have a desert there but I would assume that it probably would be gross as well.
Worst brunch I've ever had in Philly.  I have to think that more than half of the raving reviews are from friends and family of staff.  

The place looks great from the outside and it's really pretty inside, but the decor doesn't make up for the horrible experience we had.  We walk in a little before noon on Sunday and are happy that it looks pretty empty.  Now we know why. 

When we asked for a table for 2, the sassiest host I've ever encountered asks us, in a horribly condescending way, if we have a "reservation???" When we answered that no, we did not have a reservation, the Sass King then rolled his eyes at us, sighed, reluctantly picked up 2 menus, and studied his seating chart as if he was studying for a test, making us wait around and wonder if a huge party was coming.  

He then walked us through an 80% empty restaurant to sit us at table in the back corner against the wall, by the kitchen entrance and bathrooms.  When I asked if we could sit at the table one over, which was along a completely empty wall, he raised his eyebrows and shook his head, going "nuh-uh-uhhh," and pointed to the corner table.  I was so shocked by how rude he was that we just sat down.  I decided that if the food was worth it, one sassy host shouldn't ruin a brunch.  

Not only was the food waaaay overpriced, but the huevos rancheros were cafeteria scrambled eggs with old chili-like beans on top.  The only edible thing was the grocery store tortilla.  The poached eggs were a runny mess over a soggy old piece of bread. 

And while one party of about 8 came in while we were there, the restaurant was still 70% empty and the table I had asked for remained empty, staring at me throughout the entire brunch and reminding me how this host should get fired if this place has any hope of making it.
I came here during a summer afternoon with some of my work colleagues during our lunch break about a month or so ago.  We wanted to eat somewhere nice that no one in our group had been before.  It was a beautiful day, so we sat at one the tables outside.  

      There were a lot of dishes on the lunch menu that sounded tasty.  I was debating between a salad and a sandwich, and ended up going with the salmon burger.  I can't eat corn, and the waitress had no problem subbing out the corn salad for fries.  Hot fresh bread was brought to our table and we had many kinds to choose from. 

My salmon burger and fries were a large portion.  The burger was topped with lettuce, pickled melon, and a jalapeno remoulade.  The first couple bites were good, but I couldn't taste the spice in the remoulade at all, and everything was overpowered by the flavor of dill.  Don't get me wrong, I love dill, but that's really all that was going on with this burger.  The burger could have used some more or possibly different toppings on it to add texture and more complexity.  My fries were hot and fresh and the portions were ample.  

One of my colleagues got the grilled chicken sandwich on ciabatta bread which I tasted.  I think I actually liked his better than mine because of the sauce and toppings. Another person in my party got the crispy-skin wild striped bass that I almost ordered that sounded like a salad because it came with toasted quinoa, eggplant caponata salad, and a tomato vinaigrette.  It was tiny though and nothing like the ample sandwich portions.  My friend was surprised when she saw a tiny piece of bass atop a small spoonful of quinoa.  I tasted it, and it had a nice texture, but $18 is pretty steep for a small entree and one course lunch.  

    Our entrees came out in short amount of time, and the service was pretty steady throughout.  However, for the prices, I just was not that impressed with the flavors.  I might be willing to give it another try for brunch or to check out their dinner menu, but I don't really see myself coming back here for lunch.
From the outside looking in this place looked great, but it just wasnt that great. The salad that I ordered was awesome, so I had pretty high hopes for dinner but throughout the night the only good thing we had was the salad. Service was okay, not great but not terrible and the place was pretty busy so I can understand that. 

The food was where the problem was.There was just nothing special about the food and the prices were pretty high for what we got.
With so many good restaurants in Philly I was pretty bummed that we ate here. 
I would not recommend this restaurant to anybody. It is very average food with high prices.
Deeply disappointed - where to start? I don't mind shelling out big bucks when it's worth it. This, however, was not. First, 4 hosts for the place and we still had to wait 30 mins to sit with a reservation. Once we were sat we waited a full 20 mins to be greeted and not one apology! 

Menu had not one appetizer we thought was worth the cost (16 for cheddar and cauliflower soup? - no thanks).  We got steak that was $50 but tasted like the Outback special. And again with desert , sometime there is "too out there" and we love to try new things. Overall, mediocre at best and we won't be coming back.
What is the consummate marriage made in heaven if not the union of creative, perfectly-executed cuisine and unique, exquisitely-baked bread?  Such is the matrimonial magic at Fork, where the handsome, pastel dining room, with a gorgeous arboreal painting on one wall, connects to the duly-heralded bakery of High Street on Market, where I've made many joyful bread purchases over the past months.

5:15pm on a Sunday could hardly be called the prime time dinner hour, yet there we were, sidled up to the bar, two among a teeming mass of eager diners waiting to be called for seating.  Our enthusiasm was well-placed.  At our table, we were simultaneously greeted by a jovial, endearing, and well-informed server and a little gem fresh from the oven: a silver-dollar-sized red onion bialy with hay-infused cream cheese.  Though unusually rich for a first bite, I found it a nice touch that flexed the bakery's prowess and the chef's ingenuity.  

We struggled to prioritize only one of three bountiful salad options that offered kale, beets, or apples as their stars.  With an assist from our server-guide, we wisely ordered by the kale, a lavish arrangement of ingredients that included kale in a light ginger vinaigrette, thin slivers of pear, small pieces of crunchy toasted bread, shaved pecorino, and two small roasted onion "cups" filled with ginger creme fraiche meant to be dislodged and spread throughout the salad.  We savored every bite, interrupted only by the arrival and alternating consumption of a basket of Tuscan sourdough bread, a masterful balance of warm and chewy inside with a crispy, wood-fired crust.

Fork offers a host of dazzling homemade pastas, among which the fennel pappardelle rose to the top.   The pasta itself was thick and supple, robustly green color with earthy notes of fennel that were subtle but distinct.  The roasted pork ragu with a touch of cream and accented with pollen was a masterpiece.  Atop the dish were feathery fennel leaves.  In the dictionary, a photo of this dish appears beside the word "rustic."   Aside the pasta we were presented with a bread board of remarkable variety:  mini-brioche filled with ground beef; dense, hearty Volkenbrot made with juniper berries and accompanied by roasted beet butter; and our favorite, squid-ink "sponge bread" with seaweed butter.  

The main course was a grilled lobster, its sweetness infused with the faint residue of wood-smoke.  The lobster was splayed across a silky pool of polenta, and the dish was bordered by a lively and colorful row of mixed greens, chicories, and thinly-sliced root vegetables.  The last few bites of our breads made for a nice chaser to the rich lobster.

We chose not to ignore dessert, compassionate as we are.  Here we were most lost, with several decadent options nearly jumping from the page.  In the end, we landed on the "smoke and roses," a whimsical blend of honey chocolate mousse and black cardamom and cacao nib caramel, topped with crumbled flour-less chocolate brownie, with rose-hips tea poured over it.   Sensational, memorable, and one-of-a-kind.
A friend and I dined at the bar. I had to send my drink back--twice--because it was not made properly (In my many, many years of imbibing, I have never had to send a cosmo back. Apparently, there's a first and second time for everything.) 

My request was greeted by rolling eyes from the servers and sotto voce, snide comments all nite long. They were downright rude, and my friend agreed. Interestingly, the smiles and politesse resumed when it came time for me to "fork" over the tip.

On top of the haughty service, the food was just so-so and was way overpriced. Don't see any reason to go here again, with so many great choices in Philly.
I had a really excellent dinner at Fork. The striped bass I ate was absolutely one of the best whole fish I've ever had served to me in a restaurant. It was seasoned to perfection and the whole presentation was right on the money.

My friends seemed to enjoy their meals as well, one of them had salmon (which she REALLY liked), the other had steak (although I can't recall which one). The salmon was excellent, but the steak dish was pretty boring.

Our desserts were pretty good, but not amazing. We had the lavender strawberry shortcake, which was good, but nothing more special than any other strawberry shortcake, and an Earl Grey creme brulee which was very good. Then again, of course it was. It's freaking creme brulee.

The service was pretty solid overall, although we did end up pouring our own wine a couple of times, which I don't honestly give a crap about, but it's worth noting in case you do.

The atmosphere was great. Dark, cozy, romantic. You know the drill.

All in all, I'd go back to Fork again. It's a little pricey, but I've paid more for less.
The atmosphere of the restaurant is soo pretty! The open kitchen and the decoration of the restaurant gives a comfy, cozy atmosphere. The food was very good too. The food weren't seasoned too strongly but it was perfectly balanced. However the portion size is small for how pricey the food is.
Overall, it was a great experience and would like to revisit again!
Two people went to dinner at fork.  we agree on some things and disagree on others.  The decor was pretty, ambiance nice, and generally it is a fun place to be.  but the service was terrible.  let's try that again.  terrible.  Slow, nonexistent in many cases, and they even lost my doggie bag (though they were nice enough to replace it).  The food was okay.  steak was not great and while other things were good, overall the place just did not meet expectations.  Fine for a place that costs half as much but otherwise just not worth the money.
Sorry to bring down the rating, but I suppose my date and I just came on the wrong night/ordered the wrong thing.

We came when it first opened (before Fork etc. and all the awards). I couldn't find anything that seemed good on the menu, so had to go with the organic chicken, which was obviously nothing great. 

The appetizer (artichoke blossom) was pretty good with the goat cheese, but when we asked the server what the hell artichoke blossom was, it was a bit condescending. Apparently Fork is TC (too cool).

I'm still amazed this place does well, but I've never returned after that first meal. The place looks great, but there are tons of other options out there for me.
I went there just to check out the place. Hate it. The staff was bored and one of the owners looked as if she sucked lemons for a living. Dont go there, its just not worth it.
Fork is great place for lunch with your friends.  The dining room is beautiful, and even with the open kitchen (which we were sitting next to), you could easily converse with table mates.  I was pleasantly surprised to find an exciting cocktail menu.  I had the Lemongrass Lemonade that was perfect refreshment for a hot day.  It was more "lemon" than "lemongrass", but still delicious.  Another diner had a rhubarb drink that I thought was best described as "what Anthropologie would taste like if it were a cocktail".  Go and have one to see what I mean.  For my meal, I had the salmon burger, which tasted great.  I had asked for a side of the sea-salt malt vinegar potato chips, and discovered that they weren't really salt and vinegar chips, but rather, dusted with malt vinegar powder.  If you crave the acidy taste of salt and vinegar chips, you'll be disappointed.  Another diner had risotto and loved it.  For desert, I did three small bites: the brownie, the profiterole and the semifreddo.  All three were delicious.
Where's the duck????  Waited forever for the special occasion to go to Fork for
the much hyped duck - for $88, which we were happy to pay.  They came to the table
with a big, beautiful duck to "show" us. But what was returned on the plate was no
more than a couple of slices - no more than an ounce per person.  We thought maybe the legs would appear on the salad, but no - just a weird meatball - meatball??? - as a separate course. Could not have been more disappointed - or ripped off.  Why advertise it if you're not going to serve it - there's other stuff on the menu to spend your hundreds of dollars on.  Or go to Sang Kee in Chinatown for the fabulous Peking duck for a quarter of the price.
i love the space. i think for old city, it is upscale and pretty. the service is right on. but the food... it's just ok. i was never wowed at anytime. it's not cheap. and it has been around forever. all my years in philly, living in old city, i have never heard anyone say fork was their fav spot.it's really nothing special. i will, on the other hand, hang out at the bar sometime in the future. if i cant find anywhere else to go.
I've been here twice, with about 4 years in between.

The first time I went I remember loving my entree. I think it was some sort of salmon, shiitake, pasta thing. 

The last time I went I was there for Restaurant Week, so I know that they were pumping out a lot of the same entrees over and over again. I got the short ribs. I didn't love them. They were pretty fatty. My friend got the salmon and again, it was good.

I also got a lemongrass lemonade, which was good, but not particularly lemongrass-y.

I guess if you want a good piece of salmon, Fork is your place.
There are gonna be a lot of "maybes" in this review... maybe my expectations were too high, maybe we should have ordered an entree or the house menu, maybe it was an off night...

Overall, my first visit to Fork last night was a bit disappointing (minus the appearance - the restaurant is pretty and I love that there are forks everywhere). For some odd reason, we had to wait almost a half hour before being sat even though we had a reservation and there were multiple tables for two open. Not off to a good start since it was already after 8 and we were starving.

The stracciatella toasts were probably my favorite thing we ordered and they were only tiny pieces of toast with cheese and eggplant. Oh, and the onion rolls with homemade cream cheese were really good too (free). We also ordered the spring greens salad as a starter, which was pretty tasty. I had the burnt grains pappardelle with wild boar ragu pasta and it was okay, but just okay. Nothing to write home about. My boyfriend was also under-thrilled by his black & white seafood pasta. There are definitely lots of better places to go for pasta in Philly (Amis, Amis, Amis...). 

Overall the quality of the food and the pretty slow service was definitely not worth the price.

I am hesitant to give any place that was voted by philly mag to be a top 50 restaurant two stars (they haven't steered me wrong yet in our quest to try all 50), but "Meh. I've experienced better." sounds about right in this situation.
Is fork still a top restaurant in Philly? Doesn't appear so. 3.5 stars this time around. Service was awkward and prolonged; I have a feeling our waiter was new because he kept filling up our water himself and kept saying there was "good stuff" on the menu when describing it. He unfortunately killed the meal. Tried to tell me the skate dish was not large, but it was the biggest entree. Told my mom the crab app she was getting wasn't spicy at all, despite the jalapeños. Luckily, a manager rectified the situation because our server wasn't anywhere to be found. Manager's service was excellent, but the food itself in all regards (even the "dry aged' Wagyu) seemed to be lacking a punch.
I love Ellen!! My favorite was sitting at the bar eating their beautiful Brussels sprouts. The food is delicious and the ambiance is spectacular.
We revisited Fork with friends. We heard the exec chef had changed. I saw a big change in the menu as well as I couldn't find things that used be on the menu. I thought perhaps this was a good thing since I wasn't impressed at all the first time we were here.

The meal, however, still lacked creativity and the extra flare. The only exception was the gnocchi, which was one of the best, fluffy, light gnocchis I've had. My roast chicken, the skin wasn't crisp. The pork chop tasted a bit oversalted (tasted like it was brined for a bit too long before cooked). The branzino...they really should remove the bones when they serve it (at other places like butter in NYC or raddicchio cafe, they remove the bones).

So overall, I would say, it's still "Meh" in my book.
The staff at Fork went above and beyond to make us feel welcome! We had a reservation that didn't appear in their system (I get technology can go rogue), but they overwhelmingly accommodated my girlfriend and I despite the problem. 

When we're seated, our server was super nice and knowledge about the menu. We ordered some wine, an appetizer, and our main courses. We got the zucchini & shrimp to start, and then the swordfish and lamb chorizo for the entrees. Everything came out in a timely manner and was absolutely delicious! We finished our main courses and decided to order desert. We got the almond cake and chocolate hazelnut mousse, both of which were fantastic.

Right when dessert arrived, Kevin the sommelier/manager came out to thank us for dining there and asked about our experience. We told him it was great and we love the food and the atmosphere! We can't speak highly enough of Fork. Everything all around was amazing. We can't wait to go back!
The Yelp menu is not representative of the actual menu when we went. We saw burgers and pasta, but on the menu, there was only 8 fancy veggie starters, 4 mains (3 fish, 1 beef) and then 3 desserts. There weren't enough options for us to have a meal (not big fish people and the beef was for 2 for $145) so we split a handful of the starters. The teens and one adult in our group, who had been adventurous eaters all week on our trip, didn't eat.  I liked what I ate, but please check the menu next to the door before going! Don't rely on the online menu.
One thing I will say about Fork is that it is much quieter than some of the other dining places around. I had an excellent meal here, tucked into a comfortable corner of the restaurant. The service was excellent with the waiter knowing all the details of the menu. All the food was exceedingly fresh and you will find many ingredients that you don't find on other menues. We started with a mushroom flatbread that was excellent. A blue nose bass and parchment wrapped, coconut-miso salmon were cooked perfectly and full of flavor. They also have several sides which are good additions to the meal, including honey roasted sweet potatoes. Dessert was out of control good: pumpkin cheesecake and apple-cranberry cobbler with vanilla gelato. There was nothing left on the dessert plates when we were done. Highly recommended.
Okay, so am I the only one who is totally grossed out that this high end restaurant has servers who wipe off the tables with a wet dish rag between courses? I mean, seriously, I don't care if you are using a fresh cloth every time, the PERCEPTION is that I'm getting a dirty dish rag between my very expensive courses. And, points out the fact that you don't have tablecloths. For a $70 prix fixe menu, I expect a tad more, I'm sorry.
I have been to Fork a few times before and after chef Eli Kulp came on board and though the building is the same, the restaurant is entirely new. It went from an okay option to one of my destination, special occasion restaurants. 

I am literally salivating remembering the two meals I have had there this winter/spring.  In both visits, the pastas were huge highlights. Chef Kulp is coming from a Michelin starred Italian restaurant in New York, and it shows. We had the pisatchio agnoletti with rabbit ragu. The filling was pureed pistachios and was bright in flavor and color, topped with a delicate braised rabbit sauce. I dream of that pasta. On my next visit I had the seafood pasta with black and which picchi. The textures and flavors of this dish were so complex, plus it was a work of art to behold. The octopus and veal carpaccio appetizers were also fabulous. 

The most extraordinary thing, however, that I ate at Fork was the two-person duck special. Literally, they brought out a whole roast duck for us to see. He was golden and crisp looking. Then they took him back to the kitchen and turned him into 5 different amazing duck dishes, including breast, meatballs (the highlight), and procuitto salad. 

Finally, there are really interesting, not overly sweet, cocktails. 

Seriously, I can't tell you how much Fork has improved in my estimation since getting its new chef. It has, in my opinion, become one of the best restaurants in the city.
I love it here! Food is outstanding. The dishes are fun and presently beautifully each time. One time, I got the chef tasting menu with my friend and the chef came to greet us! Very nice touch! 

Fork, you're one of my favorite restaurants.
I ordered a Bloody Mary.  It was tasty... and it was a good portion for the price... but the glass they used was too small at the mouth.  It left me feeling cramped... and in the end I just didn't enjoy the drink.

This was pretty much how my entire experience went at Fork.  The table wasn't large enough for the dishes.  The chair not large enough for my frame.  My back too close to the guy behind me.

But still - the food was great and the service not bad.  The rolls amazing (I recommend the fruit roll if they have it).  I had the huevos rancheros with a side of grits.  The grits had cheese in them and turned me off... but the rest was pretty good.

Anyway - it was ok... but not good enough that I think I'llbe back any time soon.
I had listened to my roommate rave about Terence Feury for months after seeing him at Cook, so I had pretty high expectations for Fork and it certainly did not disappoint.  

We started out with the house-made charcuterie, which was fantastic.  My favorites were the pate with pistacchios and the bone marrow.  Deliciously flavorful and went perfectly well with the thin, butter crisped crostinis.  We also had the hand-made pappardelle with veal ragu.  I could definitely eat a large bowl of this- the noodles just melted in your mouth with the veal ragu.  For my entree I wanted the soft shell crab which was listed under 'lighter fare,' but not to worry, they were able to make it an entree portion with two soft shell crabs.  This was certainly the highlight of the meal for me.  The crab was served over a sundried tomato and brown butter hollandaise and garlic herb croutons.  The croutons were fantastic and provided a flavorful crunch with each bite.  For dessert we shared the madagascar chocolate cake, the chevre pave, and the spicy raspberry sorbet.  I'm not a huge dessert person, so naturally my favorite was the chevre pave- a not too sweet goats milk cheese served with ciabatta crostini.  The rasperbby sorbet with cayenne pepper was also really good since I like spicy things.  It was a nice heat after a cold, tarte bite of sorbet.

I cannot wait to return for the papperdelle and the soft shell crab.  I also hear that next week they will start having Fists of Feury on tap, which is a collaboration between the Feury brothers and Victory beer- cannot wait to try that one!
Ehhhh, not quite sure what the hype was about? We sat at the bar and watched our bartender ignore us us for 10 minutes while there was a less than half full restaurant and 2 other guests at the bar. Maybe he was new? The service was mediocre along with the food. We were there for an hour and forty five minutes for just 3 appetizers between three people. Not quite sure why it took so long. The winter salad needed something, it was boring. We also got the liver mousse which was also just okay. We really likes the duck sausage dish which was yummy.  I wouldn't go back.
Came here on a Friday with two friends. This was my first time at Fork, but i'd say that i'm pretty familiar with most of the nicer restaurants in Philadelphia. Fork blew me away. Comparable only to Vetri, this was one of the most spectacular meals i've ever had in the city. 

Across the board the food was great and each dish was extremely memorable. The Sweetbreads was a top 10 dish ever for me. Even the bread managed to impress.

Not having a reservation, my two friends and I were lucky to get seats at the bar. Our Bartender Josh  was the ultimate tour guide. Crafting the perfect combination of dishes and drinks. Thanks to Josh, we experienced the full breath of the menu. 

I'm looking forward to my next meal.
Wanting to try Fork, for a long time, my BFF, was in charge of making dinner reservations for our girls weekend.   She gave me a few choices, Fork being one of them, and I told her, "whatever you want, dear."  Because a true BFF is like your second spouse.    She was dying to try Fork too, so, Fork it was.   

We went at 8:30 on a Saturday night, and while the ambience is kind of hip, but classy, it definitely isn't a place where you want to go on a first date, unless you either have the retirees reservation, or the late late reservation, because it was definitely loud.   And honestly, thank god, because when we're together,  we make up for the fact that we have kids, and we swear like truckers in prom dresses.   We dress up well, but we definitely are the klassy with a K type after a few mixed drinks.    

One of the best things about Fork is that everything is as local and as fresh as possible.  The menu changes daily, so if you really liked something, too bad.   You're not going to be sticking with your tried and true next time.   If you're a true foodie, this is like your wet dream.   

One of the drawbacks is that we were sat right next to the kitchen.   Again, we're Klassy, so thankfully we could be a little louder and no one was staring at us with disgust, but listen, if I want to see my food being prepared, I'd stay at home.   The whole open kitchen thing doesn't appeal to me.  I trust that if I'm at a reputable restaurant, you're probably not spitting or releasing other bodily fluids into my food, so put up a wall.   Not to Friday's: take the wall down, you're probably spitting in my food.   

We ordered a crusted shrimp appetizer with greens, and it was amazing.   It was lick the plate good.   (We refrained.  Maybe we have a hint of classy in us, afterall).   However, I ordered the smoked duck, and guys, I'm sorry, but it was just, ugh.   It was hammy.   And very tough.   And I LOVE duck with puffy hearts.    Everything else that we ordered though, was fantastic.    My sister's chicken was succulent.   The BFF's veal was like butter.    All of our sides were delectable.   

Dessert was great.   The BFF got a cookie spread and was in love with her amaretti and ganache.   I made the mistake of dipping my salted caramel (A-EFFING-MAZING) into her ganache and I almost got myself killed.    My sister chose the standard creme brulee.   Definitely never a bad choice.   

I definitely want to try Fork out at least one more time.  I wouldn't say it was my favorite, but it was good enough to give a second chance.  The service was great, our server was a bit weird, but she was a good server nonetheless.  

Maybe she was just weird because we're so klassy.  

(Also, it pains me to spell classy incorrectly, as I hate to bastardize words, but honestly, it can't be helped here.   We're just rough around the edges sometimes).
Went here for brunch with my folks on a Sunday.  

About half the party ordered the huevos rancheros, and it was lackluster.  It was a layered presentation, and the bottom layer--black beans--weren't done.  The waitress also forgot 2 drink orders.

However, others in the party ordered other items--pasta, biscuits and gravy, and quiche (served lukewarm) were better.  The panna cotta was excellent.
To start - I have never written a bad review for a restaurant in my life but I feel it necessary to communicate our experience.  If I could submit a "negative 5 star" review I would.  The experience began  after a lovely evening at the Black Tie Opening at the Philadelphia Car Show.  The food at the show by Jose Garces was really good but we disciplined ourselves to only a few bites because we were all looking forward to FORK - I wish we had stayed at the car show.

I hate long reviews so I won't go into every detail but here is my summary.  I am going to be the child in the crowd that yells "The emperor has no clothes on".  Honestly and truly, I love food, I love to cook, I love to eat and I was really looking forward to this meal.  The bar maid was overwhelmed by the crowds, the patrons waiting for tables were nasty, the cocktails were disappointing and the food was not just disappointing, for the most part it was terrible.  I didn't want to say anything, we were all trying to be polite.  Our waiter, Harry, was really good - young, enthusiastic about the food and really knowledgeable.  If you do end up going, order the kale salad and the lamb.  Forgo the 4 course meal (we all chose this option) and order the cheese plate for dessert. The beet salad appetizer was bland, the fish my husband ordered was overdone and dry.  The pappardelle pasta (actually all the pasta dishes we had) was so salty it was just about inedible.  In fact, really salty was the theme for the night.  If someone asked me how our meal was, I would say SALTY.  AND  - I am a true salt lover.    The smoked lobster was just bad - overwhelmingly salty and smoky. Even the dessert was overwhelmed with salt - chocolate creme of some kind - all I could taste was salt.  
I have no problem paying for a good meal - have done it countless times and been thrilled.  The more I think about this experience the more angry I become.  We were 6 people, we each had a cocktail before dinner, 2 bottles of wine shared during the meal and each opted for the 4 course meal.  Our bill was $1000.00.  Sooooo not worth it.  I seriously keep thinking they had to try to make the food as bad as it was.

If you want a really cool "foodie" experience, I would suggest Volver.  Opt for the 6 course meal (12 is too much in my opinion).  price point is a bit higher but well worth it.

To top it off, we all stayed in the city and were going to meet our friends for breakfast.  We got a text at 7 am.  They had to go home as one of our friends got sick and was up all night.  Ugh - the flu or the Fork? - I guess we will never know.
I was in Philadelphia last night for a conference and met a friend for dinner at Fork.  We had an outstanding meal.  The atmosphere is cozy and the service was attentive, but not overbearing.  We started out with cocktails.  I cannot remember the name of my cocktail, but, as I recall, it had bourbon, sweet vermouth, and campari, and was delicious.  The waiter then brought us homemade pretzel bread with cream cheese that was outstanding (as were the other breads we ate).  For appetizers, we shared the venison tartare and smoked trout caviar -- fantastic!  I have had lots of fish eggs in my day, but never trout caviar.  I really don't know why more restaurants don't serve them.  The texture and taste were memorable.  For entrees, I had the black and white pici with "fruits of the sea" and my friend had the genzano pappardelle with duck confit  --  both were fabulous; indeed, the pici may be one of the best pastas I have had (and I've had plenty).  For dessert, we shared the carrot cake with sour cream ice cream and a berry concoction with malt ice cream.  Both were amazing.

Some of the reviews I have read have complained that the food was a pricey, but I was pleasantly surprised.  Granted, we did not order a bottle of wine, but I have paid a lot more for food in many places that wasn't nearly as good.  All in all, I was very impressed, and will certainly try to eat there again the next time I am in Philadelphia.
Dirty dishes. Servers who didn't care. Some good food. Some bad food. No great food. For the price, it should have all been great.
I came here on a Monday evening for a business dinner. Fork was not my first choice but since the City Tavern was not available we decided to try this restaurant  since it was around the corner. My guest who was from out of town was set on a chicken or steak dinner and was not a fan of seafood so the menu here appealed to her.

We started with a glass of wine each. The waiter was very accommodating in terms of fulfilling my guest's wine desires. He brought  over about three bottles of wine before my guest was happy with the selection. And there were two different types of bread that were served pre-entree.

Now, before I continue I should clarify that Fork is more of a tasting menu kind of place where you should get several dishes to try per person. However, at a price of $38 per entree I really did not expect that to be the case but I guess I did not expect to come here or I would have done my homework! The waiter also did not inform us of the smaller portions that are served. 

I ordered the duck breast with smoked oats which was a really nice flavorful and innovative dish. I've never had oats on a main before which was interesting. However, the duck portion was smaller than the size of my palm! I was still hungry afterwards I took my guest to franklin fountain and ordered a large milkshake.

The check came up to about $135 for two entrees and two wines. Overall I thought the service was good but the food although innovative was not really outstanding enough to justify the price and portions.
I have a sweet tooth with a mind of its own. Post dinner, drinks, happy hour, just because, when the Tooth calls, I try to answer. Such was the case in Old City when I stumbled on Fork for dessert and coffee. Outdoor dining in Old City is hit or miss. Market Street traffic is what it is. The sidewalk denizens and panhandlers all play their parts, too. For a quick stop, the location wasn't too bad. I was there simply for a Peach pastry (was it a cobbler? A pie? I forget) which came topped with blueberry ice cream which was phenomenal. My date and I devoured the treat and I downed the coffee to end a great, 45 minute stop. I need to go back and try the dinner menu, but for AFTER dinner, I know where to go in Old City
This past Sunday was my first visit to Fork after years of hearing stellar reviews. Let's start with the most important thing - the food. Of course it was great, but after all the hype I'd heard, I have to say I was a wee bit underwhelmed. The Lamb Tartare and the Potato Gnocchi with Lamb Ragu were the undeniable stars. We also shared a starter of oysters (good but nothing special), and a half serving of bucatini with Andouille sausage and mussels. The sausage was great  - but the pasta itself lacked something. The portion sizes were on par with my expectations. 

The atmosphere is one of the biggest draws of Fork in my opinion, with the trees and the lights and the earthy paintings on the walls. It feels like somewhere you want to stay awhile. Service was friendly and prompt - everything came out perfectly timed. Seating for a party of two is banquette on one side and a normal chair on the other (without arm rests). So I'd say this is a 'plus size compatible' venue as long as your dining companion is slim enough to slip into the booth side.

Cost - This is definitely a splurge, but I was impressed to see you could get in and out for a reasonable cost if you limited yourself to one entree and one drink. There is a lovely wine and cocktail list. We enjoyed a bottle of Pinot Noir for $60 and our total bill was about $180 after tip. 
 
Reservations - definitely recommend! 

Overall, this is more of a 3.5 star experience but I'll round up because the potato gnocchi and ambiance would draw me back in for a second visit.
Brunch here is the real showstopper.  (Not really a 4 star for other meals).  The food is American-ish with a twist.  I enjoyed the bread basket offerings - they were really fresh and tasty.  Nice alcoholic drinks, too.  Pricey - but very genteel and worth it.  Gorgeous decor and professional service.  CROWDED for brunch - but worth it.

Make a reservation.
FORK MAY BE (IS) THE BEST RESTAURANT IN PHILADELPHIA.

here's what we had tuesday evening:

saratoga sparkling water

johnson family chardonnay

CRISPY CHICKEN NUGGETS 
spicy mustard, agrodolce

RAMP GNUDI 
shy brother's cloumage, patience dock, buttermilk

POACHED LOBSTER 
charred lemon juice, pickled celery

CIOPPINO deconstructed

everything we ate was very very good, excellent, i do not like the word fantastic, but the food was.
the service was great, our wait person kim was wonderful, she sold me on the cioppino by showing me a picture of it on her cell. 

the kitchen was calm, a good sign for a good meal. eli kulp gets 5 stars.

ellen yin continues to maintain a first class restaurant.

i want to go back tomorrow night, but my better half will not let me.
Came here for Restaurant Week and was thoroughly impressed with the appetizer I got-- seared chicken livers. It's not for many people, so if you're expecting to magically like chicken liver after this, nuh uh, it probably won't work. 

I actually traded appetizers with my husband, since I ordered my entree from the Restaurant Week menu and he opted out. He had the pork belly appetizer, which was good but was a tad dry.

The entree wasn't that wonderful, sadly. In an effort to feel better about Le Bec Fin's lackluster salmon confit, I ordered the "grilled grape leaf wrapped salmon." I like my salmon moist, so I ordered it medium rare, but it was just a touch too dry. That Vietnamese chili sauce definitely saved it, although it was a little more tangy than spicy. 

The mascarpone cheesecake for dinner was pretty standard. It was a little rich for my taste buds, but it was good.

I gave this place 3 stars because the decor and feel of the place really irked me. When we arrived, we accidentally walked into Fork Etc, not the real restaurant. We were shown the back way into the restaurant, which resulted in us standing 6 deep with another group in a narrow aisle...with servers pushing past and the hostess going back and forth. Why they didn't show us to the larger waiting area a few steps away is beyond me.

Also, the theme of the night seemed to be "bang your dishes around such that your patrons jump every few minutes." We were next to the bar, and I swear to God the bartender and servers SLAMMED their dishes and glasses around. I kept jumping and did not appreciate that AT ALL. To top it off, our waitress hit my water glass pretty hard when she set my plate down (BANG). And then, when she picked up my plate, she hit it again! What on earth??

I think I would have had a more enjoyable time if I weren't so stressed about dishes clattering around. Imagine trying to have a nice dinner with your spouse and jumping and looking around every few minutes!
Disappointing!  I went for the first time with a party of 3 for brunch this past Sunday at around 11 am.  There's no sign on the exterior so it's a little hard to spot.  The space itself is beautifully decorated inside, with super-plush and comfortable seating.

THE GOOD:
The French toast looked delightful and tasted pretty good too, based on the bite I sampled.  The grits were AMAZING.  The blood orange iced tea was pretty creative.  The chocolate chip coffee cake was moist and springy, and served in a very generous slice.

THE NOT-SO-GOOD:
I had the crab meat omelet with green onions and mascapone, and was thoroughly unimpressed.  I love crab, but I could have made the exact same thing with a can of crab meat, some eggs, and a few stalks of green onion.  The mascapone seemed non-existent.

My other dining companion had the turkey sandwich, and it was similarly uninspired.  Cold and dull.  You can get a better sandwich from the Last Drop or Whole Foods.

Maybe the two of us just made poor choices (the steak salad at the next table over smelled quite tantalizing) but I was disappointed that two of our three entrees were duds.  For $20+ a person, brunch shouldn't be boring.

The last straw that knocked this from a 3-star to a 2-star review: we sat around for another 15 minutes or so after we had paid the check (someone brought up politics and the financial crisis, sigh) and we were asked to move because some regular guests had arrived and we were occupying "their" table, so we were told.  It wasn't because the restaurant was crowded, they just wanted our specific table.  So we left.
This is by far the most complex meal I've ever eaten in my life.  As a hardcore foodie, seeking out a city's best food scene is what I love and "Fork" hit the mark.  So complex, so thoughtful, just WTF awesome dishes I can't say enough good things!
Fork also has THE BEST WAIT SERVICE...Anywhere, ever, period!  Just amazing service start to finish!
the food is fresh but overpriced. Philly has some great restaurants but i was just not impressed with the menu or the dishes. nothing blew my breath away. If you are looking for a good meal, try somewhere else, but of u are looking for ambiance in a nice area then its a good spot. 

service was great but i think it has more hype than it actually is. it was a great place to try but i dont think i would recommend.
