I've been to Founding Fathers three times. The first was during an Eagles game, and it was so crowded that our group left right away, knowing it would be very difficult to even get up to the bar. So, I probably won't be going back during any major sporting events, despite the plethora of large TVs on every wall. 

My next two visits were for a late dinner. Bianca was our server on both occasions and she was friendly and did a great job. It seems like this bar hosts a lot of loud twenty-somethings and I'm sure that doesn't always make for an easy night. 

The food is fairly average, maybe a little above, but I've also only tried some of the small plates. Flatbreads are good but could use a couple more minutes in the oven, and the chicken fingers are great but you get four for nine dollars which is crazy. The beer selection is solid. I also like that the high tops along the wall have lots of room and feel a bit further from the crowd than the high tops closer to the bar area. Overall, solid spot for a casual meal.
Incapable bartender and management. Over-served obviously visibly intoxicated person at 1pm. He was screaming and spilling his food like a toddler, but they didn't even question his drink and shots orders, despite annoying the whole bar. 

Aside from that, the beer list was just OK, price wasn't great, and multiple drafts we got were warm! 

Don't waste your time here.
Good idea but food is a flop. Pizzas are not good n not cheap, I would rather buy a store bought and pop in the oven. The chicken sandwich was dripping in grease I could not even eat the bun as that what soaked it all up. The "monster" grilled cheese is small n overly greasy the second grilled cheese I ever met in my life that I did not enjoy, and seriously guys the fries are soggy n not to any surprise.....super greasy. Also good luck findng this bar open till two that is quite the lie, try like 12 n good luck getting food after 10, wtf!
Surprisingly I really enjoyed this place!  A very modern bar with lots of tvs to watch sports and a great selection of beer and food. This is the bar that the guys and gals can enjoy a beer and not feel like they are sitting at a dirty bar with sticky floors lol.. instead you're the trendy folk!

My biggest complaint is that the beer is a little on the high end for pricing and I was let down by the two little bites of the doughnut Mac & cheese offered as an app.
Came for drinks and to watch the game and it was packed. We ended up just standing behind people at the bar. I have to give the bartenders props because they were fantastic. Super attentive with the customers and quick on refills and requests. Really great bar service for such a busy day.
3.5 stars. new sports bar that just opened on south street.  Pretty much every blank spot on the wall is covered by a TV, which is good for the guy who gets stuck in the corner and still needs his football fix.  The food is just ok, buffalo chicken tenders are average, but pass on the beer battered pickle spears- they were a soggy.

Atmosphere is your typical sports bar if there were children, and 30+ professionals.  Probably needs some time to get the vibe right, but overall if I wanted to go to a loud place and watch a game, this would be my second choice after Locust Rendezvous.
I wanted to watch the FIFA World Cup 2018 game Brazil vs. Mexico here. I called them the day before and the girl who picked up the phone confirmed that they'd open at 10:00 am for the game. She even put me on hold to ask someone and make sure. 

I drove 2 hours all the way from York, PA to be here. And when I got here they were closed. That's just really horrible customer service.
This bar might as well be in KOP mall. It feels sterile in there like when you walk into any Starbucks anywhere and they all pretty much look the same. There's WAY too many tables in there as well making it hard to get from the door to the bar or bar to bathroom. If its a sports bar I'm looking for than (I can't believe I'm saying this) I would rather be at fox and hound. They have more room, flat screens and cheaper better beer. Food at either place sucks overall anyway..bartender Jess was the only reason I'd be back to founding fathers again. I'm a bob and barbs kinda guy anyway so I'll just continue to eat at home and drink where they don't charge me $10 a glass from a bottle that costs $13 at the wine store.
Lately has been my go to spot for Eagles games.

There's constant specials going on for all Philly's games. More of a low key family friendly for the games and an awesome atmosphere. The bartenders are awesome and extremely chill. 

Chicken nachos are massive and delicious. Everything's reasonably priced. Get the FF burger you won't regret it. 

I think they're doing 22oz Miller lite drafts for the games now. It gets crowded the first 30 mins they're opened on Sundays so make sure to get there early.
Pretty average bar with a good number of beers on tap, ideal for a quick happy hour.

I don't have too much to say about Founding Fathers Sports Bar & Grill. It's a very nice spacious bar with lots of TV and your typical sports bar menu. Several beers on tap and prices for drafts are between $5.50-6.50. Service will vary entirely on which bartender you receive - we had a very nice and outgoing one for a while, then one that avoided eye contact when I tried to flag him/her down (the bar wasn't even that busy). As such, a pretty average bar experience was downgraded.
You know, I am not a bar person. I do not go to sports bars. I often wonder what it's like to hook up with friends on the regular and be a constant presence at any one particular bar. I mean, my weekends are way to varied to spend any singular block of time in one confined space drinking and talking to other people and staring at a giant TV with no sound. I mean, I simply cannot hold a conversation and watch TV at the same time. I just cant do it. But I was going out with a friend before the conclusion of this year and I figured we could watch the SEC and Big 10 Football championship games. I Googled best sports bars in Philly and this one popped up in a short list of others. I perused the reviews and decided it would be sufficent. It just amazes me how willing folks are to stand around or sit packed like sardines in a confined space and eat mediocre food. This is par for the course for your average sports bar: big TVs, average food, loud disinterested conversation. But I was pleasantly surprised by Founding Fathers. We were immediately seated against the wall at a bar top. The bar is small and the spacing of tables non existent. The viewing angles are spot on. There are TVs all over the bar (14 I believe) and they are appropriately spaced accross the walls. I am guessing they were 42 inch TVs with excellent picture quality via satellite. I had the Victory Dirty Wolf Double IPA and my friend had the NYF root beer. I loved my beer but he said his tasted just like a root beer. Nothing special. The Brussels sprouts were more like Brussels flakes but the agrodolce sauce was super delicious and sweet with a hint of spicy. The lamb meatballs were good but I'm sure they were frozen. Nothing wildly spectacular about these little guys. The nacho plate was huge. Just too big. I understand it was a sharing plate but the presentation looked uninspiring and just thrown together. He took them to go for his girlfriend. The fried chicken sandwiches looked good on paper but in reality they were simply humongous and over fried. The skin was impossible to bite into. As far as the toppings. This sammie was trying to hard to do too many things. It was topped with cabbage slaw, red onions. lettuce. tomato, remoulade sauce and pickles. I sent this thing back and went with the 7 oz. Burger which was spectacular in every way. Perfectly char grilled, moist, thick and the brioche bun was soft and fresh. My second beer was a Great Lakes Fitzgetald Port.  Nothing here to see. Very watery. It was an interesting bar but to call it upscale is a push. No different than any other sports bar. Just a more tepid crowd and fancier interior. A nice visit nonetheless. Ohh and Bridget our server was super fantastic!!!
Def a cool bar on south street in Philly.
I know other yelpers mentioned theres not a bad seat in the house.... tvs everywhere! However, no one mentioned that this place is pretty small!
They do have a lot of tvs but you could also wait for a table for a while!

We came here on a saturday night, party of 11, waited about an hour and 45 minutes. We didnt mind the wait, the staff as well as the manager continued to check in on us and let us know they were working on a table.

Drinks were very reasonably priced! Food was also pretty good. I had the eggplant sandwich which needed a little more flavor but it was pretty good choice! The BF had a burger which he really liked and a few other menu items were ordered and everyone was pretty pleased. 

Without a doubt, this is a great choice to hang out and watch some games while throwing back a few beers. Enjoy!
Food is not worth it.  It is below average and for the money you can do so much better within 50 steps in any direction.  The environment is so sterile.  I asked the bartender why it was so bright and she said the owners did not want to dim them.  Beer taps are low and behind a large post and not posted anywhere else.  Bartenders seem friendly but in a corporate TGIF way.  I get the feeling the owners are not from the industry, or they worked at or owned impersonal places.  Not a friendly neighborhood spot. Plusses are TVs in every direction, but if a Philly team is playing good luck finding a TV playing something else.  Overall a swing and a miss but it has potential if the ownership loosens up.
Great place - we went for the Penn State game last weekend, and the host was really friendly and helpful, setting up our party of 10-12. The food was solid and the beers were diverse, including a lot of the craft/local staples. There are TVs all over the place, so there isn't really a bad seat. They also control the crowds pretty well, so it doesn't deteriorate into an over-crowded hellhole (a la Fox and Hound) when it gets busy.

Overall, we were totally impressed and had a great time!
Awesome food and service but the staff brings in obnoxious...and loud friends.  They act like they own the bar and will not stop talking to you.  It's a good place for you and your "boys" but don't expect to feel comfortable here if you're a female.
Had a few drinks here. Beer selection was decent. Bar was packed and a very tight space (hi-tops were very tightly placed), and was standing room only (football playoffs, but not for Eagles). Much like many other places in Philly (byobs) there wasn't much attempt to deaden the noise, and it was extremely noisy in the place (think double-wide row home, whitewashed walls, 120 people with standing-room-only in a pretty tight space). It might be fine for a random Saturday afternoon sitting at the bar when it's quiet, but I would avoid it otherwise. I'm not a fan of Fox & Hound, but sometimes it does the trick, and at this point I would actually recommend F&H over this place.
The place to go if you're craving good nachos. Can't come here without ordering them. 

Great vibe and owned by a Pitt alum so if you're looking for a sports bar that has the game on- you'll find it here. Great sports bar option in the area.
Consistent great food, nice beer selection and friendly staff. A nice neighborhood go to especially if there is a game on. 

Can get super crowded but for the most part you can get seated relatively quick. 

The picnic chicken sandwich is top notch. Cheesteak egg rolls awesome, black bean burger, vegan wings, salads and soups all terrific. Fried chicken is super. You can't go wrong on this menu. Very fresh and house made. Truly something for everyone. 

The ladies room is a nice surprise.
Great place to watch the game, plan on returning on the future! I didn't try the food, but the beer on draft was great.
I did a little bar hopping for the football games yesterday. Ended up here to watch the Dallas game and finally eat some food.

My first impression, what a great place
To watch the games.
I loved the atmosphere. Very detailed down to the bathrooms!
Big TV's all over as well.
(I-phone chargers at every bar seat)

We sat at the bar and ordered a bunch of appetizers.  
Nachos..delish!
Crab and spinach dip.. Delish!
Quesadillas... Delish!

The people next to me had the lamb burger and sliders which I wish I ordered had I not stuffed my face with all the apps. It looked SO good! 

The bartender was friendly and made me the best "old fashioned" I have ever had.

I will definitely be coming back to Founding Fathers! Except next time I will bring more of my friends!
Really solid sports bar with good food and a great selection of beers. This is our go to spot for any sporting event, just make sure to get their early as it fills up. I'd recommend the picnic chicken or pulled pork.
Lots of TVs and good vibes. Tons of seating and attentive service. Happy hour was decent. $4 select draft and $5 select bar snacks. We had the taquitos and mac n' cheese donuts, which were both alright. Citywide was a shot of Rittenhouse Rye and a Yard's Brawler, thought that was a kind of weird pairing lol. Overall, great bartender, good space, the food was OK. If you're looking for a spot to catch a game, or just chill and eat fries and drink beers, it's not bad.
Waitresses cut you off after one or two drinks and the manager comes out and says the bar cannot serve you anymore alcohol. Not ideal for a sports bar.
I went here last night with a buddy and ordered a small order of wings and a margarita pizza. Wings were undercooked and the pizzas "sauce" was watery and translucent. We sent the wings back and asked for them to be well done. However upon second delivery of these wings we noticed they were dropped back into the fryer and smothered with sauce and yet still undercooked. We spoke to the manager who was pleasant and bought us a free drink but I was extremely disappointed in the "late night menu". 

As for the space: It is cramped, overloaded with televisions and seems to lack any charm or character. At least add some philly notasligia to the place. Maybe a phillies pennant flag or an eagles helmet. This bar could be picked up and placed in Florida and you wouldn't even notice any difference. I told my friend it's a " generic" bar.
Barkeep: Something to drink?
Me: How is your old fashioned? 
Barkeep: Decent, we have a selection of spirits

Orders Bullit Rye Old Fashioned 

Drink is served 

Barkeep: how is your drink? 
Me: Decent, there is no cherry in it
Barkeep: the owner doesn't want us to put cherries in it.... Do you want a cherry? 
Me: No. That's not what the owner wants.
Very hot and muggy inside. Horrible service. Waited an hour and a half for the food we ordered and it never came. Then when we asked where our food was she had no idea, didn't say sorry.. I asked for the check, and they brought it right away with out caring or doing anything about how long we were waiting for and our food wasn't even close to coming out to us.
The Good:
1. The location and concept. This is a great addition to the neighborhood and seriously, an adult sports bar is just pretty awesome. FF has all of the things you want to love about a sports bar, but sometimes don't because sports bars can be kind of gross and crazy. 

2. TVs. Lots of TVs. Seriously, I don't think there's a bad seat in the house. 

3. The beer list. There's a nice mix of high quality beers on tap - IPAs, pale ales, stouts and some that tend to be pretty rare, especially at a sports bar. 

4. The menu. One of the things I love to hate (or is it hate to love?) about sports bars is the heavy, greasy food. Although there are some classics like nachos and burgers here, there are also salads, sandwiches and pizzas - so you don't necessarily feel like you need to be rolled out the door when you're done. 

5. The food. The noms were good. Not the best food I've ever had, but solid. My BF and I both had pizza - he had the Yo Cuz with lots of meat, and I had the mushroom  - they were enjoyable and the perfect size for one (pretty hungry) person. In a city with so many great artisan pizza places, this wasn't at the top of the list, but it didn't suck. The people next to us had the wings and the spinach and crab dip, and commented on how good they were (see my below point about the cramped space for why I could hear this - I wasn't stalking, I swear!).

The Bad:
1. The layout. The space feels really cramped to me - the bar stools are packed super close together so you definitely feel kind of awkward squeezing into your seat if there's someone sitting next to you, and almost every inch of the floor is filled with a table. When the room is full, it's really full and it takes a lot of ducking, weaving and knocking people's jackets and purses off the backs of their chairs to move around. 

2. The prices. I didn't think the food was that expensive, but the drinks certainly were. Beers in general were steep, and wine was out of control. If you want to sit and watch a few games and drink consistently, I'd be prepared to shell out some cash money. 

The Ugly:
1. The service. Ok, I don't know if the service was totally ugly, but I needed something to go in this category - and the service was definitely the low point of my experience. We sat at the bar and I got the vibe like the bartenders kind of hated everyone there. There were few smiles, no chit chat, and it took a really long time for us to get refilled, checked on, and to place our order, and when we sat down, the place was far from busy so it wasn't like they were scrambling to serve people. (On a caveat note, the bar backs who actually brought us our food were incredibly nice and friendly so high five to those dudes.)
One of the worst experiences I've ever had at a bar. Service was slow, confused, and finally, extremely rude. For a place with about as much character as a McMansion, it can ill afford to treat customers that poorly.
As a Philadelphian and history minor I think the Founding Fathers would be proud of this place... 4 Yelps for the following reasons: 
1. Civics: Atmosphere is great, high ceilings, open space, lots of TVs but you don't necessarily feel like you're in a sports bar, its clean and modern but warm at the same time.
2. Representation: The service was great, very friendly staff who made good recommendations, we were sort of tag teamed by the bar tender and another server and never felt like anyone was hovering, but our beers never went empty either.   
3. Freedom: The Beer selection is great, ranging from well known staples (ie: Yungling) to harder to find beers such as my new face the Ommegang Hennepin. 
4. All (bar food) is created equally: The food is done well but you don't have many choices past the common bar food.  Not to say you won't enjoy eating here if you want a burger or onion rings or a flat bread, all of the food is good quality, done right and tasty.  I'd definitely return to try the flat breads and the dirty fries.  
So, hear ye, hear ye, come to Founding Fathers for a good time, good beer, and to enjoy well done bar food.
I've been here a few times for a beer and to watch a game and never really had any complaints. Last night was the first time I can remember getting food (although I believe I've ordered things before but can't remember) and ordered their special habanero island jerk wings (I can't remember the exact name of them) and I have to say that they were delicious! They were spicy but not too spicy and had a great flavor of coconut and pineapple. What a delicious combination! I also ordered the fries which came with a lovely chipotle dipping sauce. Both the wings and fries came out hot and the portions were appropriate for the price. 

They had a lot of discounted specials/smaller items on the menu for happy hour and quizzo, which is on Wednesdays at 8:30pm, which was nice because overall their regularly-priced items seemed a bit inflated. The beer selection is a little limited if you're an IPA fan, like I am, but they have a few solid options. Overall, I will be back. I'd like to try some of their  other menu items and it's good to know that they have happy hour and quizzo specials. 

Also, this place has A LOT of tv's so it's great to go and watch a game (or 2 at the same time like we did).
I came here to watch a game and try some of the food. The founding fathers wing i believe are a mixture of bbq and hot sauce. I really enjoyed. If you can try it then I think you should. The chicken Caesar salad is covered in dressing. If you like that kind of stuff... great... if your like me... less is more. The croutons were crunchy (there's nothing worse than a soft crouton). The service was good. The bathrooms were clean. There were plenty of tvs all over the bar and so much great energy all around. I think this is an excellent plane to go to for a game.
Came here twice before, once for drinks and another time for dinner. Place great packed in the evening at the bar. When I came for dinner it was too crowed which was perfect. The dinner menu has a nice section of bar favorites and classic American cuisine. I got the salmon topped with herb butter. It came with a side of green beans and rice. The salmon was cooked perfectly and it was really delicious. Our waiter was great. Really nice guy and attentive. Food and drinks are really good here. Would defiantly come back for dinner. Great bar and terrific food under one roof is perfect! Great addition to south philly/center city.
I've been here twice now (for some reason) and it's a pretty average bar. I guess the only unique aspect of it is that it is a sports bar with limited seating and fancy prices on somewhat upscaled bar food.
The first time I was here, the waitress was literally hounding our table every five minutes asking if we needed anything. This might seem refreshing if you are to frequent any other sports bar and service is nowhere to be found, but it got to the point where it was actually hindering the experience. It also kind of made it seem like we needed to keep ordering things or we were wasting space sitting there.
The second time the service was much better overall, but to me, the food just didn't cut it. The only thing I enjoyed was the poutine (but that's only because who doesn't love poutine.) I don't know, it's not a bad place, I've definitely been to better bars, but the convenience of the location is probably one of the only benefits to coming here.
Went here again and everything was even worse. Worse service, somehow worse food (it's possible, apparently), and worse clientele (though the single star isn't for that, to be fair). This place should be in a strip mall in Cherry Hill.
Soooo we just went there and sat at the table for 20minutes!!!! No server came so we walked out
Good beer selection and food options. They even had some seitan options for us vegetarians. I like be watching games here on Sunday's or drinks sitting outside in the summertime. Great amount of space and seating inside. Several large screen tvs so definitely a casual sports bar vibe.
The food is poor. I'll start there. The three of us went in last week for a game. One doesn't expect Michelin stars at a sports bar, but this is Philadelphia--one of the better restaurant towns in the US. If you live in the city, you've come to expect more. This is about Applebee's level for center city restaurant prices. 

The pizza is a notch above what you'd buy in the supermarket to heat up at home, and I'm not convinced that it's not exactly that. Salads are sad, wilted things, with strange dressings. The wings are passable, but the gelatinous sauce would get worse by the minute as they cool down. You could always do a few shots before eating, though, which could help. 

Then the service. There is "cool sports bar," and then there is awkward and cold, which is what I found here. The waitstaff was not well informed on the menu or the drink selection. 

I'm amazed this place is open until 2am. I hope they stay in business, but they're not of the quality of other local businesses (except maybe the also awkward and not very good "Miles Table." It's an up and coming neighborhood, and maybe Founding Fathers will find the constitution to improve (see what I did there?)
The food was decent (grilled cheese, sliders, soup and fries) and reasonably priced. Our waitress was really nice. Our biggest complaint was that when the Eagles game came on, they turned the volume up so high that we couldn't converse with the person sitting just across the table. We had to leave at half time because the noise level was so unbearable.
Very good burgers, nachos and a great selection of beer- only yesterday's basketball result was disappointing .

Service was excellent
I'm giving Founding Fathers 5 stars strictly based on service. I visited on a Wednesday night for quizzo and was served by Aubrey. Although she had many tables since the whole bar was full, she didn't keep us waiting for anything and was extremely attentive with a great personality. 

The food was delicious and the specials were definitely worth it, plus with all the TVs there isn't a bad seat in the house.
Okay. This place is so generic. Typically-average sports bar that reminds you of Applebees or TGIF. And the service is horribly slow. I'd avoid this place at all costs. There are so many better places within walking distance - like The Cambridge. Don't waste your time here.
A nice, local sports bar with good beer selection, great service, and good food. It gets crowded during any game that's on, but otherwise it's easy to find a spot at the bar, or at a table. There is outside seating too when it's nice out! Meals are huge! I had the Frank Thomas for dinner. It's a grilled cheese with egg and fried green tomatoes. It was really good! I'm not sure why no one else has thought of this combination before?! It would make a great brunch item. It was a tad bit greasy. You have the option of ordering fries, onion rings, or salad included with any sandwich order.
The three star rating here does not comport with my two recent experiences at Founding Fathers. This is a great sports bar that the area definitely needed. 

The beer list is awesome, and the food is really good. Lots of vegetarian options too. Granted, my fiancée and I have only had apps so far, but they were awesome both times. The nachos are delicious and the seitan buffalo wings are sooo good. Seitan wings are not easy to nail texturally and these are spot on (better than at Blackbird). 

Based on the earlier reviews, it seems there was an issue with service around the time they opened up. Not unexpected. But our service on both occasions was excellent. 

Open window seating makes it a great summer spot. I know this will become one of our new go to bars for beers and food.
I was here with some friends from out of town trying to take them to a nice place to watch a football game. Unfortunately, the hostess was incredibly rude and unprofessional to us.  

We had a small miscommunication with the hostess.  Even though we thought we had her permission to sit at a particular table, she came over and rudely demanded that we couldn't sit there.  Someone in our party pointed out that she was treating us rudely.  Nevertheless, we realized it was just a miscommunication, so we got up and moved to the bar to get some drinks while we waited for a different table to open up.  

However, a few minutes later, the bouncer came over and told us we had to leave because the hostess complained to the manager that someone in our party called her a c*$#.  This was not at all true, as we simply told her that she was being rude.  We were very offended that she would accuse us of this, we assume, to get us kicked out for calling out her rudeness. We will not be returning, and if you hope to be treated with respect, we advise you not to as well.
I stopped in with some friends to watch a football game, and the hostess was incredibly rude to us. When we walked in, even though she saw us, she ignored us and was doodling in the margins of the guest list. We had to get her attention to put our name in for a table. This is a detail that was minorly rude, but one that I would typically overlook. However, given the scenario that unfolded, it helps to define her character.

While waiting for our table and getting drinks at the bar, the bartender kindly mentioned that a section of the bar was opening up, so we made our way over there when it did. A table immediately adjacent to that section also opened up. Some people in our party started sitting down (thinking that we were next on the list). In the meantime, one person from our party went over to the hostess to ask if we could sit there, and she said it was ok.

A minute or two later, the hostess came over and demanded that we leave the table. Her language and tone were very rude, especially considering that we thought we had permission to sit there. A guy in our group called her out on her rudeness and said, "You don't have to be so rude about it." Regardless, we simply gave up the table and squeezed into the bar section.

A few minutes later, the bouncer came over and said that we had to leave because the hostess complained to the manager saying the guy in our party called her a c*!$. First of all, this was incredibly offensive as he is a fine upstanding gentleman, and I've never heard him utter a single curse word. Additionally, I heard the conversation clearly, and that is not at all what he said.

Since we previously liked Founding Fathers, we called the manager to try to notify him of the hostess' unprofessionalism, and he was not willing to accept the possibility that the hostess would lie about our actions. Needless to say, we will not be going back if that is the type of staff they are willing to hire.

Despite the hostess being way out of line, I would like to mention the friendliness and professionalism of the bouncer, Nate, as well as the bartender.
The food was OK, the F burger, I was told was delicious.

What pissed me off the most was the up-charge for extra sauce.  We ordered Calamari appetizer and it had 3 lines of sauce drawn on the plate, so naturally we ordered more sauce.  For dessert we ordered the brownie which has "caramel sauce on top" and the sauce was 2 one inch drawn strips on the plate. We ordered more sauce.  Well we were charged $2.00 for the extra sauce and never notified of the charge.  $2 is not a lot but I HATE TO BE NICKELED AND DIMED, especially if you are paying over $11 per plate.  

After I complained to the manager he responded by "well, I was thinking about removing the charge until...." which is when I interrupted him and told him to swipe my card so I can get my ass out of there.  For God's sake "thinking?!!"  Just shut up, listen to my rant, apologize, say you will remove the charge and walk away.  "THINKING!"
Vegans: The seitan wings are on point. Vegetarians: quesadilla is on point. Fries are good too. Great ambiance and chill place. However: about 75% of the time we come in, it smells like fish. Vent the kitchen pleez.

Edit.
Good news. Last few times we came, it smelled like a bar instead of a Vietnamese fish market. Bad news: the fried foods (seitan wings for example) had a distinct fish taste to them, as if they were fried with fish.
My fiance and I headed over to Founding Fathers for a quick dinner.  We have been wanting to check it out since it opened.  The atmosphere was just "eh."  We were seated quickly and ordered pretty quickly after we were seated.  It seemed like it took a little while to get our food.  We shared the chilli and the monster grilled cheese.  The food was just "ok." Nothing to rave home about.  I was hoping that this would be a fun new bar but there is just something missing and I can't pinpoint it.
Quality atmosphere and a lot of fun for Quizzo. The beer options are plenty. Heads up that the food all leans on the spicy side (even the chicken on the salads).
Food and drink:
Went with a friend to get drinks and some appetizers. They had a solid beer list, including lots of locals like Victory and Neshaminy Creek. We ordered onion rings and potato pancakes, both of which came out great- hot and crispy! The ketchup had a spice to it that I didn't love, but my friend did, so just be forewarned that it was not just ketchup. We didn't have entrees, but our neighbor at the bar ordered a chicken sandwich that looked great. The food was really well presented- nothing was sloppy or soggy, which is often the case at sports bars. 

Atmosphere:
Lots of TVs showing news and sports, so wherever you sat inside you had a view of at least 2 screens. The decor was nothing special, but definitely nice- tufted leather booths and marble high-top tables at the bar. The noise level was pretty average and I did notice sound panels on the ceiling, which I always appreciate. Overall really nice sports bar. 

Service:
The bartender was great- really attentive and checked on our drinks and food several times. Someone I assumed to be the manager also checked on us to make sure our food had come out alright. Clearly the staff was very focused on customer satisfaction.
Made reservations for six to eat and catch the UNC / Duke basketball game...at least I thought I did. When  I called ahead, someone took my reservation for six with my name and phone number. Needless to say, I was quite disappointed to learn there was no record of it.  Despite this initial setback, my group was able to grab a high top for six and I'm not lying when I say there isn't a bad seat in the house. 

The neutral paint colors and subtle wall paper designs allow for ultimate concentration on the game you're there to see.  

Food was better than I've had at most sports bars. One order of Truffle Parmesan fries were enough to go around, or maybe we were just being polite. Tried my first fried pickle at this establishment. Was a evening to remember...minus the heels loss. :-/
Went here with a buddy for a few beers and to watch college football this weekend. I was impressed from the time I walked in! Not too large a place - nice and cozy. The volume was tolerable despite the small-ish space. We sat at the bar but I also noticed the high top tables, and there was a lot of them to choose. Many TVs to catch whatever you're trying to watch. Bartender was attentive, somewhat knowledgeable about the brews on tap, and friendly. For a bite, we had the poutine which were fries covered in light beef gravy, garlic and butter - did not disappoint. Would come back for Sunday football.
Attractive interior (great TV viewing for sports fans) and the food is pretty good, but the service was just hopeless.  It's clear this place is poorly managed as the staffing was completely inadequate for the crowd (1 waiter, 1 bartender). I second Erin W's review about feeling invisible.  It should not take close to 90 minutes to get food ordered and to the table.  If we weren't invested in watching the game on TV, we would have moved on.  I can't recommend the place.
This place is what you expect a bar and grill. It's a large space that can accompany big crowds and is a necessity in this side of South Street. The beer selection is solid, the bartenders are attentive, and it's a great place to order foods and watch the game.
This was my first time visiting to watch a game with friends. Upon entry, the blonde hostess with black rimmed glasses essentially told us to leave while rubbing her face out of frustration that we came in asking for a table 15 minutes before a big game. We asked if we could give her our name while we waited at the bar. She begrudgingly wrote down our name and never came to the bar when tables opened. Otherwise there is no bad spot in the bar to see a game! The Cooperstown is a burger and not a brisket sandwich - still delicious.
Worst experience ever at this place. Had wallet stolen out of my purse hanging under my coat. Bartender saw activity after seeing familiar women hovering around me, and warned others but did not alert me. They stole my wallet, got all my CCs,checkbook, and cash. Proceeded to immediately charge hundreds of dollars...when manager notified, he was anything but helpful or empathetic. Did not give me privacy to make calls to my banks, and after paying $150 bill, never offered any apology nor any discount. Didn't even offer me $10 to get out of parking garage. To add insult to injury, it took detectives 2 weeks for him to finally release video that identifies the suspects. Will never ever go back to this place again....I say run, and suggest they get new management fast.
Finally a legitimate sports bar with great food in Center City/ Graduate Hospital. Awesome interior, views and service.
A nice mixture of high top and regular tables, Founding Fathers has a riff on poutine (so ironic, because we'd literally just been discussing poutine and wondering where to get it in Philadelphia, when we decided we wanted a drink and stopped in): what more could you ask for?
The first time I came here was on a terrible date. He mansplained everything, was horrible at maintaining eye contact, and we had absolutely nothing in common. When the bartender asked if we wanted a second round, he said yes before I could decline and I wanted to tear my eyeballs out. I HATED Founding Fathers. I told everyone I hated Founding Fathers. It was the stalest, most boring, most unoriginal, and lamest bar within the city limits of Philadelphia. Every time I drove by in an Uber, I told my driver how much I hated it. When I walked by, I did my civic duty and tapped a fellow pedestrian on the shoulder to warn them to stay away if they valued joy and happiness.

Then one November evening, post-margaritas at Tios Flores and pre-drag show at Bob & Barbs, I was dragged kicking and screaming to Founding Fathers with my friend. And lo and behold, with the company of my girlfriend who knows a conversation sometimes includes asking questions and who didn't spend the whole time gawking at my boobs, I liked it! It was fun! The beer was good, atmosphere chill, and the bartender was a peach. 

I wouldn't come here to watch the big game, but that's only because I don't watch big games. However, if sports bars were to begin airing episodes of The Bachelor, I would FOR SURE come here to watch the big episode. I'd bring my whole fantasy Bachelor crew, brackets in hand! I love Founding Fathers! 

Don't judge a book by its cover and don't judge a bar by one crummy, misogynistic date.
Consistent great food, nice beer selection and friendly staff. A nice neighborhood go to especially if there is a game on. 

Can get super crowded but for the most part you can get seated relatively quick. 

The picnic chicken sandwich is top notch. Cheesteak egg rolls awesome, black bean burger, vegan wings, salads and soups all terrific. Fried chicken is super. You can't go wrong on this menu. Very fresh and house made. Truly something for everyone. 

The ladies room is a nice surprise, great wallpaper
I have no idea what to make of this bar after a year of coming fairly regularly, especially for college & NFL football. I think after today, I'll think twice about coming here. 

The good: clean, outlets to charge your phone, decent food, but nothing special. They don't have any signature dishes, just regular bar food. good beer list.

The interesting: I've tried the mixed drinks & they're awful. Stick to the beer.  

I'm rarely welcomed. I don't expect special treatment but I'm damn near ignored while others are greeted happily. 

I'm usually solo, so maybe it's because I'm a woman by myself? I've been to this bar many, many times & you'd think it would be slightly more friendly after a few times. I've had other places recall me with fewer visits. Just a simple acknowledgement. 

I witnessed a bartender very enthusiastically welcome they guy next to me & barely look me in the eye. Meanwhile, I was there last week for Sunday football for hours. 

It's odd, and I have to chalk it just not being welcome at this establishment, no matter how often I frequent. The bartenders are so weird with me, I almost asked if there was a problem today. I suppose it might just be a place to sit at the bar if you're close friends with the bartender. I'd love to make this a regular spot, especially since I'm a huge sports fan. But I'll keep looking for a regular bar. What this bar lacks in originality it could make up for with nice, fun bartenders. 

But they seem hell bent on being sour, dry & would rather hold conversations with each other. Everyone is so ice cold & does the bare minimum. This place is the epitome of average.
Meh. That's about the best description I can come up with. 

The pros: Nice staff, good seating, I like the open window concept, and there's no other sports bar in the immediate vicinity.

That being said, its really just whatever.  There was nothing necessarily bad about Founding Father's.  Menu is just ok, beers are just ok, prices aren't great. With so many other awesome establishments nearby, they are going to have to step up their game in a big way to be successful!
Great place to watch NFL. Solid bar food and a great draft beer selection. Nice atmosphere.
Holy mackerel!  Vegan cheesesteak and probably my favorite vegan cheesesteak so far.  What is Founding Fathers? Sports Bar? food mashup geniuses? food felons?  First, do not go between 6:30 and 7 p.m. this the wishing half hour because everything's full price between happy hour and night time specials.  Vegan Cheesesteak with seitan $14.  It did come with fries but $14.  The seitan looked like cheesesteak meat.  The cheesesteak was very flavorful and most like a cheesesteak compared to my limited vegan cheesesteak experiences.  They do have Cheesesteak egg rolls. The egg rolls were very good but $11.  Personally I would like to see them switch the menu and have Vegan egg rolls and regular cheesesteaks, that's just me. Nice place, good conversation with the bartender and his friend at the bar.  The friend left after finishing the drink he purchased during happy hour.  Very good overall experience.
I like this place.  it is a sports bar with a restaurant feel.  Not like those typical spots that are a ton of small elevated tables with a ton of people around you.  This spot is brightly lit and has a ton of large flat panels for viewing the game.  They have a diverse beer selection consisting of regular name beers as well as almost 20+ craft beers.  Good food selection as well but I wish they have a more diverse set of entrees.  Nonetheless, they are a better menu than your typical bar food menu.
Awesome place to watch a game. Big TVs all over the bar with a great food menu and beer selection. Went on a Sunday morning to watch Tottenham. Unfortunately they lost but it was a great vibe. The staff handled the large crowd with absolutely no problem. Some of the best service I have ever had in a crowded bar. 

Overall, just a great neighborhood bar. Will definitely become a go to spot for me.
Overall great place to watch a philly sports team, however, arrive early or expect to stand and wait a long time for any drink. 

Drinks were on the pricier side and it was an awkward space for people without a seat. 


I would recommended for a group to try for a game though if you want a new vibe.
Vibes and service were top tier. Won trivia by a landslide (tuesdays at 8pm). Chicken fingers were full of chicken. Can't ask for much more
Great food, great atmosphere for a neighborhood sports bar.  Plenty of TVs, good service, nice beer selection.
Great sports bar with decently priced drinks and good appetizers! Good for large groups with friendly staff and great service. Got the nachos and will continue to go back.
Just love a place where a bartender watches you sit down and then leaves you sitting there for 10 minutes never asking if you would like anything. Finally had to call out loud to get ANY attention...and I'm not a wall flower. Remember please...selling provides you a paycheck. Looks like a fun place....just don't sit at the bar.
Founding Fathers is one of my favorite sports bars in the City, but the pricepoint and crowds keep us from going regularly.  

The good:  The food really is great.  The menu is typical, if slightly upscale, bar food, but the food itself is delicious and very good quality.  There is far greater effort and attention paid to the food here than you're typical sports bar.  Worth a stop for dinner, IMHO.

The TV options are great, even if somewhat poorly controlled (I guess like all sports bars) by the staff.  However, the managers seem to get it, so flag one down if you're looking for something in particular.  

The bar itself is obviously updated, comfortable and plenty of views to watch the game.  

The bad:  It's typically crowded and especially so for games.  If you're not there early, good luck finding a seat let alone a table.  

It's expensive for a sports bar.  Beer specials can be had at a somewhat reasonable price, but if that's not your preference, the beer menu can get pricey.  The food isn't cheap either.  If you're posting up for 3-4 hours with apps, drinks, etc., expect a large bill.  It makes it hard to return here regularly.  

Overall, we love founding fathers.  I wish it was a little less expensive, but you get what you pay for and the experience, food, drinks are all great.
