Gotta say that the owners treat you right here.  They know all about customer service and I hope that their business does extremely well here at the RTM.

Corndogs are not an everyday food unfortunately.  But when you want a food that will bring back memories of fairs and circuses this has to be the go to item.  Fox and Son has the absolute best tasting, freshest foods imaginable.

Besides a wonderful corndog, I tried the fried cheese curds.  OMG.  Light puffs of cheese lightly fried that almost taste like funnel cake to me.  Add in the dip and it will be gone in seconds.  They have to be some of the best things in the RTM.

Add in some fresh lemonade and you have your trip to the fair all complete!

I'll absolutely be back - but not everyday!
Sometimes you try just one thing somewhere and you're sold!I wish I tried more of their foods but there's always a next time.

I'm such a craver of fried foods and cheese curds and fries top that list-maybe good wings also can be amongst them.

I have had the best cheese curds in Minneapolis in their State Fair.Ever since then I haven't really had any that came close to them.This place is located in the heart of Reading Market and caught my attention obviously by reading the mind blowing reviews it holds.

I ordered their cheese curds and lemonade.The cheese curds were freshly made-piping hot.With crisp thin batter and gooey cheese inside it was absolutely divine I could eat them all day.It came with a ranch kinda sauce which went perfectly with it.The lemonade was too sour for my liking and I did let the lady at the cashier know-she was kind enough to exchange that for a Coke for me.Great service.

I enjoyed the curds so much that I actually went for a second.Lol!!

Next time if I'm there or if YOU guys end up going there please try this place for its cheese curds and you won't be disappointed.
The newest market stall in the Reading Terminal Market is called Fox and Son.  This is one of the most attractive stalls in the entire market with its striped canopy awning as if it were at a carnival.  Well the food will take you to that carnival.  You see there are corn cogs, funnel cakes, fried cheese curds - you get the picture.  Even trendy poutine is here.  I'm not a huge fan of corn dogs but since they are the specialty here, I tried one again.  I also ordered chimichurri sauce to go with it.  The corn dog was okay - I guess I need to have a spicier hot dog inside to balance out the corn bread but the chimmichurri sauce to put on it was excellent.  Still keep in mind you're def paying more than what you would at a carnival for the corn dog and sauce but I'm sure rents at the Reading Terminal Market aren't cheap.  And I should add here that the staff working here were super friendly and eager to please.
Some times things are so delicious, eclectic, and fun filled, that they somehow manage to make you forget to make that oh so coveted Yelp check in! While this almost always happens at a place like Reading Terminal for me since it places ALL THE FOOD(!!!) on my mind, my visit that had me set to try Fox & Son ESPECIALLY took the cake since it had me think about glorious things like corndogs, poutine, and cheese curds with one magical visit!

When it ultimately comes down to it, Fox & Son would be filled with serious win just by offering the classic variations of that trifecta of glory. But they take it up a notch by making fancy versions that sprinkle on things chorizo and ranch dust, dishing out vegan corn dogs and poutine, and putting Sauce Royale on the side! 

For my first order I grabbed a sweet potato battered pork & beef corn dog that was topped with those incredible chorizo sprinkles, and a cilantro sour cream for good measure. The fresh made cheese curds from Birch Run Farms were so good that they didn't require any extra sprinkles. Both added up to one of the best lunches ever; but with good combo deals, and the chance to indulge on things like cheese burger fries w/ bacon, or funnel cake topped with strawberries and whipped cream, and like me you have reasons to come back for more!
Um how can you not love vegan corndogs?! 
So good. The cheese curds are a bit on the salty side, but still amazing. They had already sold out of the poutine on the day I went, I don't think they realized how popular it would be! A bit pricey for what you get but definitely yum.
Wow, I ate a year's worth of unhealthy food in one fell swoop :) Just because I'm a vegan DOES NOT mean it's all tofu & sprouts.

Had a corn dog & poutine. Both were salty & fatty & DELICIOUS

Fast & attentive service. They make sure to ask whether you are vegan or vegetarian or omni when you order the veg options to make sure they prep it accordingly!
Fox & Son Fancy Corndogs are just what we needed in this world. My cousin and I stopped here while at Reading Terminal for lunch. She remembered they just openedand wanted to give it a try. We both had the Sweet Potato beef and pork corndog with chorizo and mexican sour cream. I ordered the fried cheese curds while she chose the Poutin. 

My corndog was cooked to perfection . The breading was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The hotdog was so juicy and plump. I legit was questioning my life choice of only getting one. The Mexican sour cream with chorizo was just enough to enhance the corndog even more. 

The fried cheese curds were delicious as well. They are lightly breaded and served with ranch on the side. I loved that nothing we ordered was greasy at all.

Lastly was the poutin. The fries were fresh cut style. The gravy was AMAZING. I don't even like gravy like that. Unfortunately the cheese curds were cold . I was so sad because this dish had the potential to be great. I highly recommend Fox & Son reevaluating how they can make the curds into hot cheesy goodness. 

Overall it was a good experience, and I would definitely go back. The service was good and fast. Thank you Fox & Son for bringing this deliciousness in my life.
There's so many food options in the Reading Terminal that this place becomes average, though it's really the only place to get a corn dog and a pretty good one at that.
OMG. If you are gluten free, this place is a must. If you're not gluten free, you'll love it anyway. Corndogs, funnel cake, chili cheese fries... the list goes on. All of it is naturally gluten free- such a rare and fabulous find!

Unfortunately, I only had a chance to try the cheese curds as I was on my way to dinner. They were melt in your mouth amazing! In addition to the ranch I had to try one of their homemade sauces, I chose the chipotle mayo. So delicious and a great addition to my snack. The servers were also kind and ready to give recommendations. 

Next time I am in Philly this will be my first stop- dying to come back and try the rest of the menu!
I really enjoyed the idea of "fancy corn dogs" but Fox & Son just fell short of that self-proclaimed "fanciness." Don't get me wrong, the corn dogs were good, but the toppings are what you would assume would make the dogs fancier, and they just weren't up to the hype. I got the Chili Cheese corn dog, and my boyfriend got the Cheddar and jalapeño topped doggo and they were just good, not amazing. The chili was a bit odd? I've never had chili at that consistency, gritty with no beans. I understand that it's probably to help the stuff stick to the dog, but the flavor profile wasn't even there to back up the decision made on the consistency. 

Overall, I'll probably come back to try other things, but this concept had such potential and fell short in my book. Don't call something fancy if the toppings aren't up to snuff in that department. Maybe "loaded Corndogs," would be more appropriate.
These are truly fancy corn dogs and tasted quite good. Not too greasy and the "dog" inside was juicy and balanced in taste. The crust was crispy and wasn't too sweet.
Wow. Fancy corn dogs, great staff and delicious lemonade. 

Tried the spicy pork corn dog and the half pork & half beef.  Priced a 2 for $8. Worth every buck. Will definitely circle back.
Amazing find in Reading Terminal! I haven't had a corn dog or funnel cake in years since following a gluten free diet. Such a wonderful place and very celiac friendly!
Vegan. Corndogs. I feel like some other reviews mentioned vegan options, but let's be clear: this includes vegan corndogs. I'll be honest with you - the batter wasn't as pretty as the 'conventional' corndog. However, it had an amazing texture (almost tempura-y? but better?). The hotdog itself was tasty too, but to me felt like it was a standard smartdog or one of its ilk.

We also ordered vegan poutine, which was a *healthy* portion good for sharing. They use follow your heart (I think) for the 'curds' and I think that's a great choice. The gravy was tasty and we cleared out the whole order.

My non-vegan friend had a sweet potato batter dog that she enjoyed too, so it's a great spot for everyone! (and we also saw people raving about the squeaky dairy cheese curds, which you can also buy on their own). We both got lemonades that were perfect to enjoy with corndogs.

If I could say anything less-than-positive, the corndog sticks were long and made it a bit precarious (read: stabby) to walk through a mid-convention-center-event market. I do hope they update that cause it was a little scary to walk around!

Definitely recommend, I also would recommend if you're at the market, combining maybe a sandwich/meal one place with poutine from here if you're trying to hit multiple places in one go.
I ordered the sweet potato and chorizo corn dog. The flavors drizzled on the corn dog were great but the actual corn dog was falling apart as I was eating it. The dough wasn't sticking on to the meat at all, it was kinda sloppy. The lemonade was also very very sweet. I think they need to get the foundations down, make sure the actual corn dog is perfectly cooked and the dough sticks on!
Honestly I was super excited about this place due to the reviews but left disappointed. It's great that everything is gluten free but the quality was not the best. I didn't like the strange gravy or cheese curds in the poutine. The corn dog was not bad and the funnel cake. The chili was way too sweet and doesn't taste like Cincinnati style chili.
I was told this place did not mean to be completely gluten free but that the recipes with rice flour worked best. I'm glad they did. Gluten free jackpot. Girlfriend had funnel cake for the first time in years. I scarfed down the cheeseburger fries and helped her with a classic corn dog. The ranch dressing and special sauce are on point. This place is new and I hope they get the love to stick around.
It pains me to review this establishment so low but the Vegan/Gluten Free Corndog here is absolutely terrible. The batter tastes raw and gooey and it seems to have literally no cornmeal in it. I have made corndogs at home before and I was severely disappointed at the quality and price point of these corndogs. The homemade soda was delicious and I drank two cups of it. I actually returned the corndog the first time because I thought it was undercooked just to realize that the batter is absolutely disgusting and will not be returning until I hear that they have changed their recipe. 

Here's a recipe that is great and works and tastes EXACTLY like a corndog from the fair that I would totally pay 10 dollars for: 

Corn Dogs
1 cup flour
2/3 cup corn meal
1/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp baking soda
1/2 brick silken tofu
1 1/4 cup almond milk or soy
1 tsp salt
1 tbsp agave
vegan hot dogs or sausages

1. In mixing bowl, add flour, corn meal, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and sea salt. Whisk together. 
2. Add tofu, almond milk and agave nectar. Mix everything together to form a smooth batter. 
3. Set in refrigerator for about 10 min
4. Heat a pot of canola oil to 350 degrees. 
5. Place skewers lengthwise in vegan hotdogs. 
6. Pour batter in a tall glass. Dust vegan hotdogs in corn starch. Dip in batter so that they are coated well and submerge in hot oil. 
7. Pull them out once then brown up and set on paper towel.
I tried a vegan corndog here on a recent visit to Reading Terminal Market.  I was not a huge fan of the vegan dog itself.  It was a bit mushier than I like.  The price point was also a bit high at over $5 for one corndog.  I went with the jalapeno cheese topping (not vegan), and the jalapenos and green onions topping the dog were plentiful and tasty, as was the cooked batter.  I would definitely come back to try the poutine, but at almost $6 for a single corndog, I would probably not order a corndog again.  Definitely worth it to try it at least once.
Note this review is only of cheese curds! 

I am a big fan of cheese curds, so whenever I see them on the menu I must get them. 

I had just finished up a dim sum brunch and a few cookies when I walked by Fox and noticed they had them on the menu...those beautiful balls of fried cheese. 

Thankfully I ordered them because these are the best cheese curds I have ever had!  My two other friends agreed, and if you doubt me, one even lived in Milwaukee where she enjoyed many cheese curd dishes. We finished them all in under a minute. Open your mind to the curds.
I stopped inside the Reading Terminal Market for a snack and this place looked interesting. I got a Sweet Potato Battered Corndog.  The dog was Spicy Sausage.  Quite interesting.  I also had an order of Fried Cheese Curds.  Cashier was very friendly.  I would visit again.
Fox & Son has been on my "to try" list for quite a while, and yesterday I finally had the chance to try it. I was with my sister so we got the 2 for $8 deal, and both corn dogs we ordered were vegan. (We both had a weird corndog phase in childhood so I figured she'd be down for some nostalgic eats.) Unfortunately neither of us was a big fan of the corndog, and she ended up feeling not so great afterwards. 

The vegan corndogs are made with coconut milk so the batter is a bit sweeter than the conventional one (apparently. I didn't try the conventional one.) The batter also, unfortunately, makes the corndog look significantly less appealing than its non-veg counterpart. 

While the look of the corndog didn't bother me, flavor/texture wise I really wasn't a fan. The hotdog was soft to the point of being almost buttery, and the dough was an odd mix of crispy and mushy. The outside was (as you would I guess imagine) oily to the point that I could distinctly taste oil, and as the cashier said the corndog was a bit sweet, which I didn't realize I wouldn't like until I was eating it.

While I do appreciate the fact that they have a vegan option, and it seems that a lot of vegans are really for it, I just wasn't a big fan.
Excellent corndogs (and other stuff). I admit, I hadn't had a corndog in YEARS, and was pleasantly surprised by how light (ie, not heavy and greasy) the batter was, and impressed by the variety of 'dog' and toppings I could choose from.
 
I also shared the cheeseburger fries, which were OUTSTANDING. Looking forward to going back to try poutine and other items on the menu.
I felt like the belle of the Reading Terminal Market walking around and looking for seating with my corndog in hand. I was getting lots of stares and whispers, and was even stopped twice in three minutes and asked where I had acquired this fried delicacy. I imagine this is what it is like to be famous.

I chose this place for two reasons. I'd heard of it and was keen to try it, but also, it had one of the shortest lines. 

Since my friend was treating us to lunch, I chose to stay modest and ordered the classic plain beef/pork corndog, but you can also choose from turkey, kosher, and vegan with a variety of toppings. They also have fresh squeezed lemonade, poutine, and fried cheese curds, which I'm dreaming about trying. 

The corndog was freshly dipped and fried - you can watch them do it! It was PERFECTLY cooked. It was crispy and golden brown on the outside, warm and fluffy inside. The batter is what makes this corndog stand out, it's so so tasty. One corndog was just enough to satiate me for  the lunch, but I could have easily scarfed another one. 

The staff was the lovely, the service was quick. I'll be sure to be back!
Located kitty (or catty) corner from Nanee's Kitchen, Fox & Son really helps cater to the vegan experience in a sea of limited options. The corn dogs are off the chain! They have animal options, kosher, and vegan. Made fresh at the time of ordering, these dogs make a fantastic treat yo self delectable. Vegan pouting and an upcoming vegan funnel cake make this a fabulous establishment for many different communities.

I recommend going with a friend! When you buy 2 corn dogs, you save $2!
SUPPORT THIS LOCAL BUSINESS!! As a Yelper I love to support local businesses with owners who take pride in their product. My previous review gave 3 stars and while I never delete a review I will update and continue to update based upon experience. 
I'm updating this review, not because I tried the food again, but because of Rebecca, the owner.  Today, after reading the review I posted yesterday, Rebecca reached out to me and addressed all the issues we had with our meal, issues that were realized the same day following our experience She was honest and open and willing to make things right even inviting us back to try things again. Rebecca is one of those business owners that deserve our support Philly!! 
Because of this experience not only will I update my review today to 4 stars but we will be trying Fox & Sons again with an open mind and following that I will most likely be updating again to 5 stars! Rebecca has faith in her product and knows how it should taste so I'm sure I'll feel the same way following our next experience at Fox & Sons Fancy Corndogs. 
We will give Fancy Corndogs another go and definitely be having some fries with that! 
Thanks for reaching out Rebecca! You are the very definition of an excellent business owner and we are happy to support you!
5/5

Best corn dog I've ever had.  I wish I could have tried all the offerings they had- definitely coming back the next time I'm in Philadelphia. 

A must visit/eat when coming to Reading Terminal Market.
It's hard to find great fried cheese curds! This is the place!

Second time trying out their fried cheese curds and it's definitely one of my favorites! It's freshly made and delicious. I ordered the regular cheese curds and ate it plain (and it's still great)! They also have other flavors! 

Delicious!!!!
Ordered the cheeseburger fries- great meal on its own. Cheeseburger fries had salsa and lettuce and a nice taste of vinegarette... it satisfies my craving for savory and sour.
I went back! Nothing can stop me from eating deep fried things, even a single mediocre experience. I am so glad they proved my first review wrong on my second visit. I had a corndog and it was a religious experience. (Sometimes you just need a big ol' weiner. My needs were met.) Service was warm and fuzzy. These people are so nice, for real. Looking forward to my next visit.
Overall I enjoyed my food at Fox &Son 

I ordered the jalapeño cheddar corn dog and a side of fried cheese curds. Oh yessssssss...fried cheese curds. They are crunchy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. Fat on fat on fat. Portion is pretty big, share it with a friend. 

The corn dog was so so. The batter was a bit thick and dry for my taste. But definitely good effort to put a twist to an original old time favorite. 

The owner is super friendly. Everything is made fresh, so expect a little wait after you order. 

Give them a try. It may not be the best corn dog you  have ever eaten, but it was a fun and enjoyable meal.
They have gluten free funnel cakes!!! If you are gluten free, this place is a must stop! My bf had some and said it's just like a regular one at the fair. Worth every penny! I'll be back!
Being in Reading Terminal adds value to any shop location wise.  The food here does a good job of ridding the line between creative / new and traditional / comfort food.

The Cord Dogs are a big draw and I had the gourmet all beef dog with a sweet potato batter.  I also had the fried cheese curds with dry ranch seasoning.  

Of the two the fried cheese curds were actually highlight.  The corn dog was well above average.  But the batter was just a littler thicker and drier than would be ideal.  And the all beef dog was good too, but I have had juicer more flavorful dogs.   There was also a little bit of chopped meat sprinkled on the top of the Corn dog that made an inciting addition to the description of the dog but did not do much for the actually overall taste/experience of the corn-dog.  But still a very good corn don and an A for effort in terms of flourishes and originality. 

The Cheese curds were divine.  There were crispy and soft and rich and delicious.  Each only made me more excited to eat the next. 
 That combined with the A for gourmet corn dog effort make this place a vary sold place to get a meal in the crowded arena of the Reading Terminal.
Umm, a corn dog stand and with vegan options? I'm totally sold! They also had vegan poutine option and funnel cake on the menu. This was a solid find from the bf and I must say there were plenty of vegan options to choose from. All delish and not at all disappointed with the service. If I am ever in the area again, I would totally come back.
I first want to say, I'm from Wisconsin and moved here several years ago from the WI/IL boarder and have been in search of REAL cheese curds ever since and FINALLY found the place that not only has real curds but truly knows how to prepare them.  What a fantastic treat! Delicious, perfect, and absolutely ready to rival some of my favorite places in downtown Madison Wisconsin during the Taste of Madison best food. Fox and Son, kudos to you for bringing that real flavor, perfect golden fry, melted curd inside and delicious lightly salted taste that I had been missing for years. The corn dogs are not only a quality hot dog but the batter is thick, crisp, very flavorful, filling, not soggy, these are not corn dogs from a fair or a quick cart. These are a delicious meal. The poutine was superb, squeak still on the curd, excellent gravy, and delicious fries.  This is a place I will be coming back to and have already been recommending to friends.
So this was my second experience with Korean hot dogs, and realized quickly that I had either failed at ordering or there are many flairs to this thing. 

Hubby and I went to the Reading Terminal on a Saturday afternoon and naturally there were lines everywhere, so we divided to conquer. He grabbed a hot dog and I got some Thai food (yes, we have complicated needs) and off we went to search for a table. 

We ordered just the all beef hot dog, and realized it was the most basic corndog. Nothing fun about it, no cheese or fun sauces. We previously had a Korean dog it was stuffed with cheese and had fancy sauces. We went back to see where we failed in our order and the regular beef hot dogs don't come with anything. They do have other variations, (like an all cheese one, but no meat and others) just not what we had in mind. We paid $5 for the regular corn dog with no cheese and no flair. 

Was this a bad corn dog? No! If you like corn dogs, this one is very crispy and tasty. But it was not mind blowing. I will have to go back and try one of their other combinations to see what the hype is about.
Ehhh.. I would have been happier getting a corn dog from a carnival. It tasted good, but not as good as a corn dog you will get from your childhood. I thought their corn dogs were not sweet enough and the batter was bland and hard. I like when the batter is light and fluffy, but this batter was the opposite of that. I don't know why this place has such a high rating. Maybe it's just me. hahaha. I like the cheaper versions. lol
However, it is worth a try. I'll just stick to the ones you can microwave though.
Wonderful staff attitudes great customer service. Corn dogs were cooked perfectly one can settle you for lunch. Good amount of fries nice touch with ranch or garlic seasoning. Definitely a go to spot!
Love this spot! A totally unique concept to Reading Terminal Market and the Philadelphia area in general. 

The fried cheese curds are perfection - the breading in light and crispy and the curds and truly squeaky (that's how you know they're legit). You absolutely must get them dusted with ranch seasoning. 

The poutine is a good size and a great comfort food. The fries are brined in vinegar so have that slight undertone which I love. I do wish the curds were a little more melty, but understand that's not really the point of cheese curds. 

I have to say I've never been a big fan of corn dogs but Fox and Son has convinced me not all of them taste like ones you would get from your middle school cafeteria. They're light and fluffy and taste perfect with a little bit of ketchup. I haven't tried any of the fancier flavors but sure they'd be just as good.
Had a corn dog and cheese curds. The corn dog was nothing special. But the cheese curds were amazing! Super gooey with the perfect crisp of fried batter. Staff was friendly. Have also heard great things about there funnel cake but didn't get to try it on our visit.
THIS REVIEW IS CATERED TOWARDS THE VEGETARIAN/VEGAN LIFESTYLE.

This place is AMAZING.

Their menu is VERY accommodating to both vegetarians and vegans. I ordered some vegetarian poutine (it's not on the menu but they offered to make it!). Since Smoke's Poutinerrie tragically closed, I have had a hard time finding any poutine with vegetarian gravy, but this crowd had it!

Not only was the food quick and delicious, the staff were super sweet! I loved talking to them, they were kind and entertaining. 

I would definitely recommend this place to people. Quick veggie options that don't murder your wallet!
FINALLY vegan poutine in my city! Okay, first of all everyone working their is super sweet and answered my questions and then some. I was only there twice but both times our food was out within 5 minutes, but I didn't mind waiting since everything is cooked to order. The vegan corn dog was good but didn't wow me. So, let's talk about the poutine. I need everyone to stop what they're doing and go try this *vegan* poutine now. Years ago I've had non vegan poutine and I swear this is better. They cook their fries when you order then smother them in brown mushroom gravy (what is in this shit? It's delicious) then top with chunks of follow your heart melty cheese (fyh in my opinion is the best vegan cheese) and is seasoned so perfectly. This place nailed it! I hope they open a second location!
So I started with the cheeseburger fries! Absolutely delicious!!! Id get the burger sauce (think thousand island style) on the side next time. I liked the taste, they just used a lot for my taste. But it all tasted great! I figured I'd be stuffed after eating that, it was big enough for 2, so I told them I'd be back after jury duty for the funnel cake. 

OH-EM-GEE!!! That funnel cake! So, I'm gluten free and havent had a funnel cake since in about 10 years. I was so excited to see I could finally get one so I definitely went back. And the staff had remembered what I said when I was there earlier and greeted me with a smile and "Funnel cake?" lol Well, let me tell you. This tasted every bit as amazing as I remember them! This was last week and I've been wanting another since. I had a bit leftover and heated it up the next day in the microwave for a few seconds, it was still perfect! I cant wait to go back. 

And the best part, the whole place is naturally gluten free, not just the funnel cakes!!! Yay!!!
Have you ever wondered what nothing tastes like? Well today I found out! 

I was looking at Yelp outside the Reading Terminal and noticed that this Fox & Son Fancy Corn Dogs place had really great reviews. I've never had a corn dog or cheese curds so I decided to give them a try.

That corn dog looks delicious, right? WRONG! Zero taste. No flavor at all. What the heck? How is that even possible? It was literally the stupidest thing I've ever experienced in my mouth. If the acronym "wtf" had flavor, it would taste like this. Boy did they trick me! $6 for nothing. Never again.

The cheese curds tasted what I expected them to taste like. They were ok. Nothing special. Worth $6? Nope!

Over $12 spent in this picture. At least I know it's $12 that I'll never spend there again.
Nice to have vegan options in RTM. Great new addition. We had the vegan poutine fries along with a draft root beer. We will be back! Very friendly staff who guided us through the vegan options on the menu.
Great addition to the market! Corn dogs, cheese curds, poutine and more. They've got the fryers working overtime and everything that came out was delicious.
It's a hot dog place, but a really tasty one.  

Ordered a corn dog with normal batter and some cheese fries. It was close to $10/11...  can't remember the exact amount. 
 

The cheese fries were good. I liked the taste of the white cheese and took a bit of my son's corn dog and instantly wanted to switch with him. I didn't think a freaking corn dog could taste that good. 

Guy taking order was friendly and even chatted with my boy. 

Worth checking out.
Don't let all the GF hype deter you from coming here! This is just plain, good food, gluten free or not. The classic corn dog was just that, classic. The cheese curds were delicious. The surprise hit though was the funnel cake. Don't get me wrong I expected the 10 year old to devour it. It was a surprise hit with me. I haven't enjoyed a funnel cake since I was probably 10 myself. Also be sure to try the lemonade - it was fresh squeezed and nice and tart. Great addition to Reading Terminal Market!
Fox & Son corndogs is a must-try for anyone reminiscent of their childhood summers spent at carnivals and fairs. They have all sorts of corndogs, fries, and funnel cake -- all that was really missing was a Ferris wheel (but I don't think the market would allow that). Can't wait to go back during my next trip to Philly.
It was okay. Quality of all the ingredients were great but it lacked flavor... I was craving a hot dog on a stick kinda corn dog (childhood memories of mall visits in Los Angeles). Tasted somewhat like a healthier version of my nostalgic craving. Wouldn't go out of my way to eat there but if I happen to be passing by Reading terminal I might pop in.
Love the concept and was so excited to have a non-beef/pork corn dog option - I've never seen this before. The food is really yummy and creative. I had the jalapeno cheddar corn dog (w/ a turkey dog). $5-6 for a corn dog might seem like a lot but it's fair given they are gourmet style corn dogs, with high quality/scratch made ingredients and made to order. I love corn bread so would love to see even more corn bread batter on the corn dogs. The drinks (I had the lemonade) are also excellent. The owners and staff are also amazingly kind and friendly!!! Recommend visiting this stand at Reading Terminal Market!
Oh, my, cheese curds! The fried cheese curds were incredible. My honey is from Minnesota and loves his cheese curds. He was shocked and saddened to find that cheese curds are pretty scarce around our parts. More and more places are starting to serve them though, and we've tried every plate we've come across. When we sat down to share the cheese curds from Fox & Son he just nodded and pointed at them. These were the cheese curds he's been searching for on the East Coast. They were amazing. The batter was very thin and very crispy and the cheese curds were top quality. Usually when we share food, we're polite...you take one, I take one, no you have the bigger one...etc. Not this time. It was every man for himself as we devoured the plate. The corn dogs looked very good, but I'll probably never try one because I'll just be stuffing myself with cheese curds any time we visit.
I passed by this stall with a few friends and we shared the funnel cake, chili cheese fries, and the cheese curds. 

I was feeling pretty nostalgic for funnel cake, as I had just been to a flea market but unfortunately didn't pass by a funnel cake stand... Luckily Fox & Son was there to fill the void! I was super pleased with the warm, fluffy inside and the thick strings of dough. It was exactly what I was craving.

The chili fries were great, not soggy with a good chili to cheese to fries ratio!

Finally, the cheese curds... Just do yourself a favor and try them. May have been my favorite from everything we ordered. Crunchy outside, and a firm, cheesy inside. Git that ranch sawce. The funnel cake drew me in, but when I go back, I'm going for the curds.
Went here for the fried dough and was happy as a clam. Generous portion with just enough powdered sugar. The wait til was minimal and staff was very friendly.
A Cheese lovers dream...Poutine and fried cheese curds in one spot, easily Some of the best I've ever had! 
And speaking as someone who doesn't normally like Corndogs.. You've got to try these things
Omg. The corn dogs and the cheese curds. Corndog- batter was thin and crispy and the dog had a nice snap. Cheese curds- cramps, crispy, delicious. Also the homemade cherry vanilla soda was fabulous
So many great options to choose from, all handcrafted right in front of you.  Pricing was spot on for the quality of all the dishes.  I had the cheddar jalapeño corn dog and it was amazing!  Don't miss out on the poutine and cheese curds also!
Corndogs and cheese curd gravy fries are slamming , very friendly peeps. not fond of the chimichurri dip tho.
Visited this place in Reading Terminal on 5/16/2017. At work we are undertaking a Reading Terminal challenge where we go over every other week and try a new place. We are on the F's now. I had low expectations of this place. I mean, corn dogs?? But hello fancy!! I had the pork and beef with the sweet potato, chorizo and cilantro sour cream topping. Each bite was scrumptious. The corn meal base was perfect and the outside toppings were a perfect touch. Got the fries for $3.50 and they were in a very large container which was meant to be shared among 3 people!  I tried the cheese curds too, which were lovely. The fresh lemonade was very good. I still need to try the funnel cake!! Fun place and hip signage/counter to boot. Great job, Fox!
Yummy corn dogs. Must try the interesting diet soda Tractor cola, which is low in sugar, as it's derived from honey-- tastes unique but a bit similar to root beer.
Best cheese curds I've ever had! Perfect crispness and saltines.  Will be back for sure!
We stopped here because gluten free is important to our family. Our boys tried the corn dogs and took no prisoners while my husband & I split the cheese curds & funnel cake. Everything was delicious! It was so nice to have an entire menu to choose from. If we are ever back in PA we will try more. The ladies behind the counter were very helpful & kind!
If you love cheese & corn dog, you definitely need to try their "Korean style mozzarella corn dog"! The only downside for this was they didn't have actual hot dog inside the corn dog, it was purely only mozzarella cheese inside the corn dog. But the skin was so crispy and we loved it! Perfect combination of crispy outside & soft inside! We will comeback to try their other corn dog that actually has hot dog inside.
There's not many places that are gluten free friendly inside Reading Terminal Market, so Fox and Son is a MUST stop. The entire menu is gluten free and celiac safe!

I was able to have my first ever funnel cake, fried Oreos and corn dogs.
Okay first of all let me start by saying I was so excited to learn pretty much the entire menu is gluten-free! The corn dogs, funnel cake, poutine, EVERYTHING!!

Now that I've got that out of the way, this place was really good. I enjoyed the amount of options available. There was so many ways to get a corn dog: beef, pork, mix, etc and there was a variety of toppings. I had the jalapeño cheddar dog which ran me about $6. The breading held together well even covered with cheese sauce. I wanted the sauce to be thicker and more flavorful but I wasn't mad at what I go. 

I recommend going to Reading Terminal earlier in the day, closer to opening as there is much less of a crowd. This place isn't just for gluten-free folks, I think everyone would enjoy.
If you just want one corn dog they charge you more than someone who wants two or three.  That's why I didn't buy a corn dog.

My reply to the message form the owner:

I get it.  You charge a 33.3% surcharge on persons who only order one corn dog.  That's one dollar and sixty-seven cents. $1.67--Surely that amount far exceeds your food cost, including the stick, for said single corn dog. 

And therefore, by your thinking, pizzerias should charge less per slice if you buy two or three rather than one.

And Five Guys--those fools!--they should be charging less per burger when you buy two instead of one, and even less if you buy three.

And why do I have the feeling that that positive feedback you've been getting comes from groups of persons ordering multiple corn dogs, not from individuals such as myself who just want to try one. 

And thank you for the corn dog lesson.  

But am I to understand that you buy pre-made hot dogs, like those sold in supermarkets?  And you don't even mill your own cornmeal?   

And it's so good of you to prepare your fancy corn dogs to order when you could simply batch them out and stick 'em under a heat lamp. You really go that extra mile in the pursuit of fanciness!

Finally, in the words of Chris Rock, "YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO USE REAL BUTTERMILK!"

Glad we had the chance to chat, Rebecca.
Visiting Philadelphia I was overly excited for all the gluten free places I read about before my trip. Fox & Son exceeded all of my expectations. Completely blew them out of the water. I was shocked speechless. So many gluten free and vegan options I was overwhelmed. All for great prices as well!! The corn dogs are better than I ever remembered corn dogs being. Funnel cake, fried cheese curds, fried cookies and cream I could go on. I almost felt guilty eating everything because I thought no way any of this is gluten free but it all was and it was glorious. Gluten free must!!!!!!
I almost didn't make it on time because they were closing but the nice employee made my corn dog anyway. It was so good and worth driving from nyc to philly.
What a treat for a Celiac to enjoy gluten-free corn dogs, fries, and funnel cakes without any fear of cross-contact! GF and gluten-eaters alike thought the food was delicious. I also like that they have options for vegetarians and vegans.
Had the sweet potato and classic corn dogs and they were good but I honestly felt like I was paying too much for them. Definitely a nice interesting addition to reading terminal but there are some other options in the market that I would prefer.
Get the fried cheese curds, they are so squeaky and creamy. The batter used it more tempura like which is great because you can really taste the curds.
This place has all of my favorite things! The chili was outstanding and not to be missed! Probably my favorite chili in Philly. The corn dogs were excellent. I had the classic and sweet potato options, both were delicious.
Stopped here on our way out of town to get some fancy corn dogs to go. The woman working at the both was incredibly nice. Offered us a silly game of tic tac toe while we waited... which we actually ended up playing and it was pretty fun. I got the sweet potato corn dog and a regular corn dog. I also thought I'd try the fried cheese curds since I've never had that before. They were pretty good. Kind of tasted like a funnel cake met cheese. 

The corn dogs were both incredibly tasty and very well made. Would strongly recommend for a quick bite.
Coming from Texas and have eaten many at the State Fair my expectation were high and Fox and Sons met those expectations.  So good and high quality.  The fries were amazing and hot and tasty.  Staff super friendly and professional and all looked like they were enjoying their job and the customers.  Craving Fox & Sons.  A must have in Reading Terminal
We came to the market when we were in town for work. When I saw the fancy corn dogs I knew I had to try one. 

We got a sweet potato battered corn dog which came with crispy chorizo. I loved it. I thought the sweet potato batter was really unique and the hot dog was good quality. 

The service was friendly. There were a couple people ahead of us, but our food came out pretty fast. 

If you enjoyed corn dogs as a kid, this place is definitely worth a try. I would love to come back and try more.
Ahhhh.  Ok so it was a standard hot dog with decent batter.  I was really expecting more and maybe some more adventurous flavors.  They had a ton of people working back there which I was surprised about.  I wouldn't come back for this, I would however try there fries.  They looked so good maybe that is what to get here.
Practically deepthroated the corndog. It was fighting for its life the second I laid eyes on it.
What a great concept! Where else can you get fancy, gourmet corndogs? They're located in the middle of Reading Terminal Market. I've had the sweet potato and chorizo, as well as the jalapeño cheddar corndog. You honestly get what you pay for plus a little extra since the dogs are so filling. Check it out!
Located inside reading terminal market, its hard to stand out in a sea of vendors. My first visit, I couldn't even find this place. 9on my second visit though I made sure to make a stop here. I was impressed by the wide variety of gluten free stuff they had here. My friend has decided to jump on the gluten free bandwagon. Oh wait oops I meant has a gluten intolerance *wink wink. i got a  classic beef dog and he got a jalepeno cheddar cheese dog. The frank itself was good. Not too salty at all. The corn bread on the other hand really lacked the sweet flavor I was craving. I was kind of disappointed, but then again I may have been setting the bar too high. I would definitely go back though. I have to make it a point that the employee working the stand was sarcastic to the point where I wanted to punch him in the face.
While I had heard about this place a few years back, had no idea it was still open in Reading Terminal! They are the only certified Gluten Free restaurant in the market, with gluten free, vegan, vegetarian options for all. 
The breading on the corn dogs was a great texture and flavor, and it went well with the chili on top. The dogs come in long boxes with big sticks, making them easy to eat. The poutine was nice and packaged well, with flavorful curds and alright vegetarian gravy. The french fries themselves were also delicious, a bit smaller than your typical poutine fry though and could use a little extra salt. 

The worker recommended us a few things and made the ordering process really easy. With such a fast and bustling environment at Reading Terminal, it was nice to take my time ordering and try out a spot. 
Overall very fresh, made to order, and an easy food to grab and eat if you're looking for simple and laidback.
Saw vegetarian poutine on the menu and knew I had to try! Honestly paid a fair price for so much food! I had never tried poutine before so I wasn't sure what to expect, but what I ate was super tasty. The gravy tasted slightly tomato-y but complimented the fries very well. The cheese curds were a surprise, I fully expected them to be bits of potato. The fries were cooked to perfection and had a nice crisp to them. Overall a very filling and interesting meal. They also had a variety of other options like vegan corn dogs, funnel cakes, and more! 10/10 recommend, service was quick and efficient too with lovely workers!
Glad to have found this place. I lived in WIsconsin for a short period of time and was won over with cheese curds. In addition to their corn dog offerings, they do a pretty delicious job with their deep fried cheese curds. Curds are lightly battered and you could still taste how fresh the curds are.
Atmosphere: Fox & Son Fancy Corn Dogs is a fun and welcoming stand at Reading Terminal Market. Their menu is simple and easy to navigate!

Service: Great service - ordering was a breeze, and our corn dog came out relatively quickly!

Food: We ordered the Sweet Potato Battered Corn Dog topped with pork chorizo and cilantro lime sour cream. This was definitely a quality corn dog. We loved the unique sweet potato batter, and the flavors of the toppings perfectly complemented the rest of the corn dog!

Overall: A very solid corn dog, though a bit on the pricier side. We enjoyed our experience at Fox & Son and loved how they elevated a simple dish. We'd definitely be interested in trying some of their other corn dogs if we're in the area!
There are corn dogs, and then there is Fox & Son corn dogs.  There is (often hard to find) gluten-free food, and then there is Fox & Son corn dogs the entire family loved and didn't know it was gluten-free (minus me telling my wife, who is gluten-free and raved about them!).  Plenty of options on meats and toppings for your corn dog here, some unique, and I highly recommend a visit; or, in our case, two visits in as many days.  It is a rare find to enjoy foods that require traditionally gluten products, I.e. batter / flour, much less that tastes good.  Well, Fox & Sons is entirely gluten-free (think funnel cake, too!) and is delicious!
My husband and I ordered the sweet potato corn dog and the cheddar jalapeño one as well. While I enjoyed the sweet potato corn dog overall, I honestly couldn't taste the sweet potato LOL so I kind of just tasted like a really good corndog. The cheddar jalapeño was doused in melted cheese and was pretty good too though I wish the jalapeño flavor did stand out a little bit more. Their batter is really yummy here and the corn dogs have a nice crispiness on the surface.
I was excited to try poutine in Philly, but ended up disappointed. This review is for the poutine, which was the only item I ordered here. It was a very large box of fries (I shared with a friend. I initially wanted just a side order but they don't do any smaller than this and it was a full on meal on its own). The fries weren't heated all the way through and the gravy was a little too salty. The cheese curds were just fine, not melted even a little, didn't add much to the experience. The order was around $8 and I just wasn't satisfied with it. 

That being said, this stall is not known mainly for its poutine and the servers were very friendly. Next time I stop by Reading Terminal, I'll be sure to try a corn dog here.
First, I'll provide the caveat that I ordered a normal jumbo beef corn dog from here and NOT one of the super fancy options, so those may be more mindblowing. I thought the corn dog was tasty but it didn't blow me away. The batter had a decent amount of finishing salt which added some good flavor but also made me have to brush it against my napkin a few times because I thought it was a little TOO salty. That being said, probably better to be slightly over-seasoned than underseasoned :) I felt like the wait time for the corn dog was reasonable. I'll probably come back here and order a fancy corn dog next time!
Located in Reading terminal market. V good good here. Their "thing" are fancy corndogs. They created a sweet potato dog that is really good. It comes with bacon bits and a sauce on it. You have to get the fried cheese curds. Just do it. So delicious! If I came back i would DEFINITELY get the fried cheese curds.
This place is everyone's unhealthy food desire. That goes for vegans as well as they have plenty of vegan options. The poutine fries were the let down for me as the cheese was way to thick and over powered the fries and gravy. The cheese curds were excellent and the chipotle aioli was amazing. The corn dogs are there go to menu item but the funnel cake is the best menu item.
Great little stand in Reading Terminal. We ordered the funnel cake which was great! It was large enough for two people to split and tasted as good as any other funnel cake that I have had. There wasn't a line on the day we went so service was pretty quick. The only thing I didn't care for was the rudeness of the staff. Not sure if they were having a bad day or what but it was annoying.
Vegan funnel cake, fries and drinks are great. The vegan batter is fantastic on the corn dog but the dog itself isn't my fave. Always feel like it's going to be an old fashioned corny dog and get pumped, but the dog is more like vegan country sausage. Wish they would go more plain old vegan dog. Nevertheless the fries and funnel cakes bring us back. Yum!
I got to try a classic corn dog and a turkey corn dog here while at the Reading Terminal Market. They were pretty good, I will say the classic was better than the turkey. I always love corn dogs from the fair or carnival and these definitely reminded me of that. I also got an order of their queso to dip my corn dogs in just to try something different. The dip was a nice addition and had a little kick which was nice.
While it's a fair foods stand, they're vegetarian and vegan friendly. Also, they're glad to accommodate allergies as much as possible! As one with a garlic allergy, I was relieved by this. 

I had the fried broccoli bites made without the seasoning (no spice), and I substituted the ranch for their queso. Boy, was it the best "healthy" light lunch that's vegetarian too! They have some other great plant-based alternatives on their menu too, so worth it if looking for something different. 

Customer service was great too, maybe because I got the owner, but so thankful for a good experience. (It was hard to find options at the market as a vegetarian with a garlic allergy, so this experience was awesome.) 5/5 for sure!
