We drove north on 13th to reach Francoluigi's it had been snowing all day and the city was blanketed in snow, and this particular street was COVERED in holiday lights, it got us in the mood for a festive night! 
Francoluigi's corner pizzeria looks like your classic Italian pizza joint.. BUT it's more than that! When you enter, you are facing a large glass front case lined with delicious looking tomato pies, and to your left is a door that leads into a special dimly lit dining room decorated with rat pac posters, and fancy wall ornaments. A 1/2 floor tier overlooks the dining room with a spindled balcony swathed in holiday lights, a gentleman plays the piano and sings recognizable tunes from an era gone by and a few holiday jingles. 
It's a cozy dining room and the staff is awesome. We ordered the 2 special mains, gnocchi with crab meat and purse pockets a la carbonara, as well as seafood linguini and chicken penne. We also gobbled up many garlic rolls, and a yummy anti pasta starter. For dessert we shared a cannoli. 
It was a lovely night, with great food & wine! highly recommend checking it out!
Long-time fan of this place until I opened my pizza tonight to find a Sharpie marker laying right on my pie (see photos). Called back and was put on with the owner who was very apologetic at first and said he had been looking for the marker for 30 min and must have dropped it in my box. Then he asked if there was anything else he could help me with. 

"Yes I was hoping to be refunded for my pizza." 

He replied, "Oh no, we don't do that here." 

Me: "Okay, well I really don't see how I should have to pay for this pizza."

Owner: "Well was there anything wrong with the pizza?" 

?!?!?!?!?!?!? Perplexed and annoyed, since I thought we covered this pretty thoroughly, I replied, "Yes, there was something wrong with my pizza - there was a f***ing dirty marker on top of it." 

He responded, "Well you just used foul language - now you can never order from here again so you better find somewhere else to order from." 

Thanks buddy, I actually don't think I ever will be ordering again from a pizzeria that does not consider a SHARPIE PERMANENT MARKER MELTED INTO THE CHEESE to be "anything wrong with your pizza."
Still very much enamored with Francoluigi's. Since my last review, I've had a couple slices at the restaurant, and another delivery experience. I loved that I was able to enjoy a Peroni with my slices at the tables by the front counter. I'd like to have a meal in the dining room sometime. 

Recently, I was craving baked ziti so we placed a delivery order. Again, you can't beat delivery for a dollar and the ability to pay by card over the phone, including your driver's tip in your payment. 

Their caesar salad was still incredible, and I loved the garlic knots that were included. Two orders of baked ziti for two is more than enough for two meals. I stuck one of the ziti trays in the freezer for another day. Francoluigi's uses more of a rosé sauce in their ziti, while I would have preferred a more acidic red sauce. I was glad I once again asked for a side of marinara. When I heat my extra ziti, I'll be adding some tomato sauce to the top for a little more bite.
Count me as another attendee for the Sharpie Pizza Fiasco. What began a pleasant evening of welcoming friends both old and new soon turned into a permanent nightmare. Before noticing the foreign object, the pizza was admittedly delicious; per our usual expectation as common customers of the establishment. 

However, upon locating said recreational outdoor marking tool, I soon found my confidence shaken and any potential to further enjoy the evening diminished.  If this is what occurred in one of a multitude of pies that had been ordered both at said event and those past, what other items have been unknowingly included?

In an effort to potentially salvage our night while making the owner aware, our host graciously offered a call back to inform of the service interruption. The experience that proceeded is enough to confirm that we will be taking our future dough elsewhere.
I was also present at the Sharpizza incident last week.  Let me start by saying I am a fan of the quality of the pizza that this place puts out but running a business doesn't only require good product, good service is equally as important.  I know this and I don't even own a business myself.

Assuming that 99% of the food they make doesn't have foreign objects in them, it would seem that providing a refund to the customer of a product such as this wouldn't be a big ask.  Being in the customer service industry myself (again, not a business owner) this is a simple fix that might financially burden you momentarily but benefit you in the future.

This isn't only a Sharpie on a pizza pie, its a permanent mark on your reputation.
Some of the best pizza comes out of South Philly, and Francoluigi you my friend are one of those establishments. At least that is how I feel about this spot. I mean you know they've been on point since 1982, so you know they must be doing something right. Let's get serious for a second folks, and when I say serious I am talking about their pizza. I have always had their traditional square pie, so to me that is always winning. 

Just picture that fresh homemade tomato sauce with their own seasoning added into it,  gracefully covering that well baked pizza. That well baked in the oven pizza that is not too thick , not to thin, but just right. Then strategically layered with that fresh mozzarella  over top capturing and holding in those flavors from that sauce and herbs. A square slice of heaven waiting for you to enjoy while leaving hints of that sauce on the sides of your mouth. A simple reminder letting you know you've just enjoyed something special.  An awesome experience my friends, simply awesome. Their tomato pie is also something of a marvel my friends. Perfectly constructed, with a satisfying crunch with every bite. We all know that crunch, and we all love how it sounds when we bite into it. 

I have only eaten in the dinning room once when I was a lot younger so, the whole "dinning room experience" I can't really comment on. I remember eating their chicken parmigiana over a bed of linguine, while sitting in the corner part of the restaurant. I do remember it was delicious and I didn't have to pay for it. So yes this was a win win for me. 

In all I truly enjoy Francoluigi and everything that goes with it. Get in there and enjoy an amazing meal my friends.
I attended a dinner here last weekend with a large group, we have come here for several years in a row during a benefit weekend we are all in town for. Last weekend will be the last time I ever dine here, not only was food and service mediocre at best. But the owner was rude to my guests, right to their face. 

They miscounted the table settings and hadn't had enough seatings ready for our guest count. One gentleman set at the head of the table which would've been fine. Except the owner Franco, told my him that this was not okay and he was "too big to be in this restaurant." As well another lady asked were was the best area, for an elderly lady, who was on a walker, to be sat... again the owner said just plop her corpse over here. 

I was mortified. I was embarrassed for them. And had we not been a large party that otherwise couldn't just find easy accommodation for a Saturday night. I would have walked out. The owner knew he was wrong, and tried to joke with then both and pretend this is how South Philly is. I would beg you, you rude little ignorant man, to find some people on the streets, where my family grew up, who would even think what you did was humorous, let alone indicative of the people in this city. I dare you. 

I am livid at the fact I had to have my friends subjected to you and your small minded pitiful disrespect. 
I will however be sure to tell everyone I know who dines there regularly, and make it a point to publicly tell this story on every social media or review site I can. You will quickly see how your mistake of talking to guests is going to cost you your business. 

For an owner to even think of speaking to a guest like so is appalling. High Note Cafe has clearly hit an all time low. It has lost a customer. And likely any of my friends who I would have gladly introduced to it. 

Never again.
First time long time, but never again. I was a guest of @Matt H's pizza party (http://bit.ly/2l1MyxU) and witness to the baked in Sharpie marker. Now don't get me wrong, I'll eat anything on my pizza, even pineapple (if blacked out), but we must draw the line somewhere. In this case, the line is drawn with a Sharpie marker. 

I get it, sometimes when you're cooking you drop sh*t into your food during preparation. It happens, but the real crime here is the lack of customer service and empathy towards our situation. A full refund for the compromised pie is not too much to ask. Hell, we would have driven back and returned the Sharpie if the customer service experience was pleasant and reasonable. 

In closing, let's circle back to the fundamental issue at hand: a toxic inedible object baked into a pizza pie and zero situation remedy. This simply is not acceptable. Not on my watch, and not in my town. Guess it could have been worse... could have been ranch.
Pizza is truly wonderful but I won't be going back. 

I went in to order a small pizza with my 7 yr old niece and I had only ordered delivery in the past and didn't know their "process" when I went to the actually place in person. I got in line and ordered a small pizza and no one asked if it was for here or to go. We waited at the small tables that are there on the casual pizza shop side. They do have a more formal dinning room but we were not dressed for that and we were going to be quick.

When the pizza was ready it was packed to go but I asked for paper plates so we could eat there because she was hungry and didn't want to wait. This did not seem ok but we were given them reluctantly by an older gentleman that worked there. Then when I asked for ice water for my niece they said it wasn't possible and I would have to buy a bottle and gave me a mini lecture in front of everyone waiting to order how I shouldn't have ordered at the counter if I was going to eat in. I honestly had just followed the guy who walked in before us who ordered a slice at the counter so we did the same. 

Not 5 minutes later a couple walks in and sits down right next to us at the only other table in the pizza shop. I think the gentleman that spoke harshly to me knew them and they were immediately given ice water without asking and showered with excellent service. It just wasn't right. Why was I embarrassed in front of a group of strangers for asking for something that then is immediately give to someone else without any issue? I realize this could have been a misunderstanding but I didn't not appreciate the way I was spoken to. It made me uncomfortable.
Will not be returning to this spot. Order hours in advance for a pizza to be delivered at 6:30pm. Pizza was never delivered. Called a half hour after we expected order and was told that they should have never taken an time order and my pizza would be on it's way. 

An hour after my pizza should have been delivered I received a freezing cold pizza. I called manager who told me he would just send me another pizza out. I explained I was not interested in waiting for another pizza and felt I deserved a refund. He refused. 

Staff was incredibly rude and made us feel it was our fault for placing a timed order. 

I guess our Friday night pizza spot is no longer!
Birthdays in South Philly often meant at table for fifteen at Francoluigi's -- when this place was a BYOB.  Now the memory of lumpy, bland pastas and garlic-laden vegetables isn't softened by the 30 bottles of vino consumed during the meal.

Everyone who is Italian thinks they are the sole proprietor of authentic taste in Italian food, and I'm no different.  This stuff does not taste like my Mom-Mom's South Philly iterations of manicotti, scaloppini or chicken cutlets, and neither does it evoke the homey arrabiatas or ethereal tortellini in brodo of Roma.  It's not worth the price, especially if you can't bring your own wine. 

And the singing?  I appreciate multi-talented servers, but really, didn't we come out to hang with each other?  I'd rather save the show for after I digest.
I was on the hunt for "saucy" traditional pizza yesterday, and a friend recommended Francoluigi's. I was pumped to see the special - two medium pies for $15 (good on Wednesday, Thursday and Sunday). I ordered the special, plus a caesar salad and a side of marinara for crust-dipping. I was able to pay by card over the phone and was told delivery would be within the hour. 

True to their word, my delivery arrived about 45 minutes later. The medium pizzas are on the small side, but perfect for two people to share. While I wouldn't say the pizza was especially saucy, the extra side of marinara I ordered made up for it. If you can wait an extra ten minutes, I'd strongly suggest re-heating slices in the oven for a much-needed crisp. Props to the caesar, which was large and had the most delicious homemade dressing. 

We have a second pizza on deck for tonight's dinner and I couldn't be happier about it. Francoluigi's is officially in the rotation for delivery that won't break the bank.
We ate in:

Pros: 
-love, love, loved the piano player/singer. I didn't want to leave I loved his voice, music and overall vibe so much
-complimentary garlic knots are quite possibly heaven on earth. I want a dozen to go next time 
-delicious fried ravioli appetizer and the marinara is a standout. Simply delicious sauce w/out a bunch of unnecessary spices
-pizza - Very good. Nicely cooked 

Cons (why this isn't a 5 star review)
- Again, we ate in....we ordered a traditional pizza with 1/2 pepperoni. So 12.50 for the pizza and 2.50 for the pepperoni. So $15. It was just about 12 inches. The size of a medium pizza anywhere else. Yet the pizzas in the front take out window were clearly 16 inches. I felt a bit jipped. Just toss up a 16inch for dine in customers, please. You're not saving that much skimping there.
- the appetizer meatballs were ehh just ok. They needed some breadcrumbs and pecorino cheese. But they were smothered in their heavenly marinara so we ate them.
-I didn't order a coke because they don't have free refills. Again, we all know fountain soda is a cash cow. Allow free refills, especially since it's served in a 8 oz cup.

Lastly, I have no affiliation with the Sharpie Marker reviews that have infested this restaurant's reviews. However, I do commend the all-out offense as pay back for not making it right. A pizza literally costs $3 to make.

Update: note the owner's response to my pretty positive review. I'm confused...May I ask what "real" soda is? I stick to the fact that your non-refill policy is a rip-off. As for the meatballs, my parent's immigrated here from Sicily. Never ate a frozen meatball or jarred sauce in my life. Your balls need pecorino cheese & some seasoned  breadcrumbs. Take the feedback, my man. And while I didn't pay outright for your "entertainment", I'm pretty sure I did inadvertently through the overpriced 12 inch pie (and I tipped his piano jar). Here's a tip for you, refrain from rudely responding to positive reviews. You come off like a cavone.
Pizza with an extra side of RACISM!!! Grew up in the neighborhood. Pizza is soggy old cold and not worth it. Went there for dinner twice, which is super basic Italian American food, dry store bought pasta, and incredibly overpriced. Went there today just for a quick slice. Upon walking in I hear the fat old ugly counter dude yell "let them come to your country - take your jobs and rape your women wtf." He was sympathizing and speaking with two German right wing guys complaining about the recent influx of refugees into Germany. You're a 3rd generation Italian immigrant you moron! And you don't even speak proper English. Please refrain and save me from your public display of stupidity and ill informed rasism. Won't be going back you ignorant turd of a wasted human being. If it wasn't for immigration policy your whole family wouldn't be here running a crappy pizza restaurant. Learn compassion and appropriate business conversation.
The very kind people at Francoluigi's served me my very first cheesesteak ever.  Yes, it's true!  I waited til I was in Philly to try the classic meaty sammich.  

This place came highly recommended by someone who grew up eating here & loving it.  After hearing his stories about the amazing cheesesteaks and how nobody else comes close, and that there's live piano music, and a family-run atmosphere, we beelined over for dinner on a Saturday night.

Though parking in the area can be a real biatch, we found a spot a block away.  I considered that a very good sign!  We walked in, and saw pizzas in the glass case, waiting to be doled out in slices, and a couple of booth seating tables.  We heard live music going on a moment before we saw the famed piano just beyond the glass door.  A split second before we could reach the door, we were greeted and asked if we had reservations.  Even though we did not, we were immediately brought in and seated at a 2-top up the stairs, which gave us a nice view of the tables below, as well as the piano.

A bit of confusion hit us when we looked at the menu and saw not one single sammich - cheesesteak or otherwise.  There was a cheesesteak pizza, but this was not what we came for.  So we asked, and found out that sammiches are only served at the booths that we saw when we walked in, in the more casual seating area by the entrance.

That was a bit disappointing, but because that was what we were there for, we headed out to be re-seated there, and ordered off a totally different menu with many sammiches and pizzas and more casual food.

Service the entire time was very warm, and the cheesesteak came out fast.

Now mind you, I've had a couple other cheesesteaks since that - my very first - one, so I'm writing this with some amount of comparison in my mind.

The sammich was not as loaded with meat as I expected, and compared to others that followed, was definitely not the norm.  The meat was good quality, and the onions on top were flavorful, along with the provolone.  I tend to be very salt sensitive, so a more bland taste doesn't usually faze me, but now looking back, this was not the best flavored of the few that I had while in town.  I did like that the onions that came on top were more caramelized than other sammiches I tried after - it gave another yummy layer of flavor to this sammich that others didn't have.  But compared to others, the bread sadly wasn't soaked with juices at all, and again, the meat portions were much smaller too.

As far as Italian restaurants go however, I have a feeling that we didn't really get to see (taste) their best side here.  While we ate, many people came in and out to pick up to-go orders, and they clearly were regulars, so there's obviously something going on here that's worthwhile.  Most people got pizzas, but there were pastas and other things that went by too.

Because of the very warm service, and the clear support of locals, as well as the glowing recommendation that brought us here in the first place, I'd definitely come back to try other menu items.  But as far as cheesesteak choices go, I doubt I'd come back here for that.
Some friends of mine and I were heading back to another friends house on Tasker and even though we were in the burgeoning restaurant Mecca of Passyunk, we just wanted something simple to take out. Tasker friend casually suggested Francoluigi because it was a block away from his place.

Coming from the Burbs, I know the corner pizza shop can be hit or miss. It took me a good couple of years to find the right one in Ridley. So I can't be faulted for imagining just a simple neighborhood pizza place when my buddy mentioned it. As I walked in, I realized that , hey, it's South Philly...even a local pie is going to blow anything in the Burbs out of the water. 

Not only is Francoluigi a great example of South Philly pizza, it may just be one of the best pies you weren't aware of. Opera singers love it, I can tell you that much based on all of the pictures on their wall of fame. And really, if a 300lb tenor gives his approval, who am I to disagree?

It was a busy Friday night but we were able to get in and order a pie to go within a 1/2 hour. We appropriately went for the South Philly Pie, which pretty much had all of the traditional pizza toppings. 

They sell beer to go and have beer on tap for dining in (or even waiting for your takeout). They also sell wine and I watched as an old local drank a glass while he waited for his sandwich to go. It was pretty awesome. 

The pizza itself was well above average bordering on best in the city. The crust is the key, really dense and crispy and held the crazy amount of toppings like a champ. When I go again, I'll opt for a simple pie, either cheese or pepperoni or sausage. But damn was it good especially with a Lions Head to wash it down.

Overall, this place just screams South Philly authenticity. Family run, community friendly and killer food. I'll be back for sure and I'll pass much more trendy places on Passyunk to get there.
Let's just say I know my way around a pizza pie and Francoluigi's has never let me down, until now. There I was, at a party with my Philadelphia family and I'm working up the coastline of my slice of pie, taking a long drag of cheese, when the next pizza box was opened... I couldn't believe my eyes, what I saw was intoxicating. A sharpie marker, melted into our dinner. This pie had "inedible" written all over it. But folks, it was Friday, and we weren't going to cry over some spilled ink. Our problem solving skills prevailed and we contacted the owner in hopes of recovering a new fresh pizza.  If you thought the customer service at Comcast was bad, let me just say that Francoluigi's has them beat. Not only was the owner confused about why we didn't want a pizza with a marker in it, he was apalled that we would want a reimbursement or replacement pie. To top it all off, he told us that due to our complaining we were never allowed to order from them again. I guess the writing is on the wall, from now on we will take our business to tattoo parlors if we want to get inked.
So we've ordered from this place almost once weekly since we moved. Everything, literally everything that they make is awesome. The meatball hoagie must weigh about 2 pounds, but E manages to finish it every time and he's not even a big eater. Those meatballs are just THAT good.

An important note about tomato pie: there is a large Sicilian-style that is square and only comes in the large size. Then there is also a round tomato pie which comes as small or large. Get the small round pie. I don't care if you have 6 guests, buy 3 pies. It's just way, way better than the larger sizes. I can't explain why but it has something to do with balance and the way it cooks in the pizza oven. It's just the superior version of their tomato pie, hands down.
There are many reasons I am thrilled to be back in South Philly - and one of them is pizza.  You see, ordering pizza in West Philly was always a gamble that often failed - most of the stuff out there is sub-par and overpriced.  

Getting Franco & Luigi's delivery is maybe the best. thing. ever.  They're quick, delicious, and surprisingly, reasonably priced.  This weekend we ordered the 18' traditional margherita style pizza with an order of 10 wings.  All of that for about $20.50 including tip....amazing!

Their pizza is made with quality ingredients - a delicious plum tomato sauce and cheese - none of that greasy, ketchup sauce and cheese.  Oh, and the wings.  Lightly fried, with the buffalo wing sauce on the side, so the wings don't get soggy in the delivery.  Genius.

Between F&L's and Slice, the (pizza) life can be pretty good down this way.
Let me start by saying that our server was great. This review in no way reflects how she treated us or the quality of the service she provided .  
However, it was not redeeming enough for me or any of my friends 
To ever want to walk into this establishment again. One of my friends was in the restaurant business for years and she concurred. 
We were all  disappointed on many counts.
I, personally, used to love this place as it was 
My "go to" south philly dining establishment .  The food was authentic, the bread was delicious,  they had a piano player and the servers sang opera on Saturdays. It was an amazing experience from start to finish .
Apparently they closed for a year for renovations and just recently had a soft opening . 
It's now a newly renovated place with 1/4 of the menu items and the same owner with the worst attitude I have ever experienced toward patrons  in my entire life.  They should have stayed closed.  
   We were greeted by the owner who, at first , was 
Kind of charming and brash as we all thought he was joking with us . We asked for some bread while we waited for our appetizers. He proceeded to tell us that they have no Italian bread on the premises because it was too expensive . As he told us , The old customers would eat the bread, dip the oil, use the Parmesan cheese instead of getting an appetizer . As he put it " He's here to make money!" Sidebar: 
 We're here for Italian food,  and a huge part of Italian food is the bread and oil and cheese! 
They had garlic knots for $7 which were available
For purchase . Loving garlic knots, I ordered 
Them. 
We asked about the piano player and the opera singers.
They don't do that anymore . The owner explained that customers  were getting FREE entertainment from him. "He's here to make money!!."
All 5 of us ordered entrees and some ordered an appetizer. My friends wanted some plain Italian bread to eat with their appetizer . They don't have any plain Italian bread . Anywhere . (They also don't serve butter. )
The server then told us that if we ordered entrees we would get bread with the entree. the bread ( garlic knot) was the exact bread  we just paid
For. We thought they didn't serve bread.   They wouldn't take the $7 bread / garlic knots off the check . Rude.
The menu.  They removed a large percentage of menu items .  Very limited menu.  Most of my favorites were removed and they aren't allowed to improvise . I Used to love the broccoli rabe and sausage. Although they have both as pizza toppings and ingredients in other entrees, it is no longer available as a side dish. No exceptions . No Caesar salad. Used to be the best in Philly.  But I digress . First world problems, I know. 
Anyway, The food we ordered was good. 
Not memorable, but good. Not good enough to make us want to come back. EVER. What was memorable was the owner saying that when people complain about things he doesn't care.  Plain and simple . He doesn't care. That's a great attitude for a business owner. 
And as a final tip, ( no pun intended) 
Keep in mind that they add 20% tip into every check. Be careful when you split the check onto different cards . You could easily add double the tip if you're not careful. We would have tipped the server anyway because none of this was her fault . 
Overall,  between the inflexibility and the lack of menu options and the hassle involved in getting basic bread , the dinner  was the absolute worst experience.  With so many dining options now, this one is one to miss !!
We ordered two slices of pizza. The cheese and pepper slice was good. The square one with the cheese on top (I forget name) was okay. Both slices were a little like warm. We got a cheesesteak sandwich. The bottom of the bun was burned. We didn't feel welcome here, so we didn't feel comfortable to send it back. 

These guys are Islamophobes. We know Islamophobes when we see them. The owner's son (I think) made us feel so uncomfortable. My wife, who wears a hijab did not want to sit in the restaurant and eat. The owner's son kept saying that they have a strict to go policy. That's fair. If that's the policy, I don't have an issue with it, but there was a level of discomfort he made us feel. It's hard to articulate when it happens to you. But when you feel this way, you just know. Sad.
Top 5 Buffalo Chicken pizza in the city. And it's real chicken. They tend to get busy, so prepare for that.

Friendly staff, slices for sale if you're in a rush before catching the Tasker/Morris subway. One of the more notable pizza places in Philly for sure.
My fiancé and I have been ordering from Francoluigis for almost 4 years. We love their food but their delivery time is usually an hour, which we are willing to accept. What we can't accept is what happened tonight. We were told an hour and then after 1.5 hours we called and they said it would be delivered soon. As 2 hours came, we called and they said it would be here any minute. And guess what? It was never delivered us. Totally unacceptable. The story is that our food was delivered. Umm we are still hungry and the only thing they offered to do was refund our money. Like what!?
This is a real roll of the dice, you can have a great meal here or a nightmare, you need to know this going in.
We'd been ordering from them regularly for delivery for several years, but recently waited an hour and 45 minutes for delivery and were spoken to abusively when we inquired about the order status.
These things can happen, we believed it was an outlier.  We were wrong.
My family has been going to high note for a decade or so.  We've had some amazing meals, but the past half dozen or so visits, it's fallen off in quality greatly.
The music is wonderful, I don't think anyone can dispute that.  The servers are charming and without a doubt trying their best.  
The issue is, the servers are completely untrained, and they and ownership will not dispute this.  Also, the kitchen is now completely untrained as well, essentially at the skill level of a cheesesteak spot.  Also freely admitted to by ownership.
What you now end up with, is a dinner served by nice people who have no idea what restaurant service is, with fast food quality ingredients, by a McDonald's level kitchen and a bill that is loaded with items you never ordered because your bill was merged with another.  For $180.00 for a family off four, this is extremely excessive.
I spoke with ownership when this occurred and was informed that the experience was meant to be about the music and food quality, service, and accuracy of a bill was not included in the experience.
I regret to post this review as a long time customer, but this place is on the way down, and if they're openly telling regulars if you get ripped off "too bad", it's not long for this world.
A real shame as it was a great place.
Cute little Italian spot with good NY/NJ style Italian food for a great price! 

Food - I had the pizza both times I was here and it was great! Done perfectly - not too soggy, but not too crispy with a great amount of flavor. The baked ziti was great, but the penne that came on the side of the chicken parm didn't really compare. They give a complementary order of garlic knots, which came out a bit cold, but nonetheless tasted delicious! To end the night, we shared a cannoli, which was scrumptious!!  

Service - Great! Our waitress was very attentive and helpful - I told her that I was a vegetarian and she did a great job explaining the menu. Everyone let us enjoy our dinner without any distractions even though we were in the aisle. Also, I called in to make a reservation a few hours in advance and explained that I'm coming from a distance so I may be a little late to the reservation, and the gentleman was very understanding and said he'd hold me a table regardless! 

Ambiance - Cozy little restaurant with a live pianist to set the mood. Could get a bit loud and "busy" in the sense that there are a lot of staff walking around in a confined area, but it didn't bother me one bit.

Location - You walk in through the pizzeria and then into the restaurant. Not in the heart of the city, but one good thing about that is that it's easier to find street parking. 

Boyfriend gave this place a 3.7/5.
My friend and came here to check out a show. My friend wanted a slice, but the waiter told him they didn't serve slices in the restaurant... the pizza restaurant. My friend said fine, he wasn't going to get anything then. The waiter then told him he could, please go out and pick your slice from the case, the case full of prepared pizza slices. After he did, the waiter came out again to tell him no, we changed our mind again, we won't give you one of our prepared pizza slices. OK, fine. 

I ordered mussels that were listed on the menu at $7. I was brought a plate of mussels with no utensils. By the time I was able to get some, the mussels were ice cold, but I don't think heat would've made much of a difference as they were extremely chewy and prepared with what must have been 5 lbs. of garlic. I sent them back with only sampling one, and assumed I wouldn't be charged. Not only was I charged, but they raised the price to $10. I asked what the deal was, and the waiter just shrugged.

There are so many incredible eateries in South Philly. Please don't waste your time at this one.
I like the pizza. It's good. Problem: owner is big Trump supporter and isn't shy about engaging customers about it. Not what I want to hear when ordering slices. Owner is just generally abrasive and reprimands his employees in front of customers too.  Also, not family friendly at all and that is made clear. No strollers allowed, not even folded up.  Gift cards-only good for dining room not takeout pizzas etc...It's too bad because the place potential to be a favorite but just too many turnoffs.
I am done with Francoluigi's. I am done with the hour and half delivery time. I am done with the rude delivery men. I am done eating under-cooked pizza, or burnt pizza.

Now if you would like to know why I feel this way about Francoluigi's read on, otherwise, take my short and sweet review up top. I ordered from FL 6 months ago, and told the girl over the phone to put a $4 tip on my card. The delivery guy showed up over an hour later and said "what, no tip!?" and we answered with "we put a tip on the card, but if you feel the need to ask for one, maybe you don't deserve it". He and my fiance had some words, and I called to complain. The manager at FL reassured me that the tip had been put on the card and it was in fact a "good tip". He apologized for his rude delivery guy and went as far as to call him "retarded". Not a great choice of words, but he did apologize. The food was terrible, and not worth the hour wait time and rude service.

Fast forward to last night. My fiance had a tough day at work, so I figured I would order a pizza. I only had my card available so i did a yelp search for delivery and credit cards, and I got FL time after time. So I figured the boycott had lasted long enough, and I would give them a chance to redeem themselves. Plus, there was an awesome special for a $3.99 tomato pie advertised so I was excited to get that awesome deal. I ordered at 7:20 pm, its in my phone. At about 8;10, i got anxious and called to check the ETA of my order. "It wil be there shortly" was what i was told. My pizza's showed up at 8:45, the pepperoni pizza (which i had actually ordered half plain, half pepp - but it came as a whole pepp) was cold, and my tomato pie was BURNT. I called to tell them that was the last straw and I was done ordering from them. The manager who i spoke to, Nick, was apologetic, but full of excuses. "It can't be cold, it just left" well, it was. and his lovely advise for me "you should start picking up orders since they are done faster". Well, that woudl be ideal, but i want delivery, thats why i called you-because you deliver. He also told me that he had me clocked at "an hour and 5 minutes" from my order to delivery, which i didn't argue with him about, but i wish i had because thats a bold faced lie. It took an hour and a half, i timed it. he also told me "we deliver everywhere, so we have too many deliveries to go out". Ok, then hire more delivery men, you must be making money hand over fist if "everybody" is ordering from you. This place is a shit hole and is losing its customers left and right. Every trash day i used to see the "borda's pizza" boxes lined up and down my street. In the past few months, i have noticed none.

I will admit, I was rude to the guy i talked to and the delivery guy. But i still tipped the delivery guy, and i still paid for my food. But one thing is for sure, i will take my business to SLICE, since they actually tell their customers an estimated wait time, and never once has a slice pizza shown up cold or doughy.  I am over Francoluigi's and I am sure i can't be the only one.
So for my third wedding anniversary my husband thoughtfully took me back to High Note Cafe, where we had gotten engaged all those years ago (affectionate referred to as the scene of the crime).  High Note Cafe was just as romantic, intimate and wonderful as I remember.
I love that High Note is not pretentious at all.  The menu is not pricey, and although it is not a BYOB you can score a glass of wine for $5.50.  
The atmosphere truly can't be beat.  High Note is small but that adds to the intimate feeling.  They always have some form of live music, be it a piano player or opera singer, as well as interesting opera memorabilia adorning the walls.  
Anything I have ever eaten here has been simply done and delicious.  Plus, any restaurant that has garlic knots in the bread basket is OK in my book!
For an appetizer we shared sauteed calamari in a calabrese sauce.  Although the calamari wasn't friend like I am accustomed to, it was wonderfully done and remarkably not tough and chewy.  The gravy  was spicy and perfect.
We both had the pollo poccini special for our entree.  Again, it was perfectly executed.  On previous visits I have also tried the bolognase sauce and that too was delicious.
High Note is one of my favorite Italian spots in the city.  They have a price fixe menu for four or more people ($40 pp) that looks incredible.  I will definitely be bringing a group of friends to enjoy this great food!
Some of these reviews (especially the older ones) can be misleading. Half of them are for the carryout pizza place and the other half are for the fine dining establishment. As it turns out, these are two very different things, and the first time we came here we were very confused. Not in the mood to spend a ton of money, we decided to just get pizza in the pizzeria part that you first walk into. The pizza was not bad, kind of average but pretty good by Philly pizza standards (which are admittedly not that high (it's okay, California pizza is worse)). 

The second time, we decided to try the fine dining part. It's a nice date place: cozy and intimate, and you wouldn't feel weird dressed up or down. The sporadic bursts of opera sung by the waitstaff make for a very entertaining and unique dinner experience. The free garlic knots are delicious and more importantly infinite, and the salads are HUGE: the single serving is more than enough for 2-3 people, and the 2-person antipasti salad could probably feed a small African country (Lesotho, perhaps). We shared a crab bruschetta salad, which was essentially a heaping pile of crab meat on a bed of lettuce with a light vinaigrette - delicious. The entrees were your standard Italian fare, tasty though a tiny bit pricier than most Italian BYO's in Center City. The Puccini-belting waitstaff makes the extra couple bucks worth it, though.
I was born and raised in New York, and I moved to Philly for my job. At home, good pizza is just around the corner, and pretty much on every corner; whether it's in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, and even Long Island (where I'm from). Pizza is a staple in my diet - the ultimate comfort food. Since moving here I have not found a decent slice of pizza, and I will not stop until I find something that even slightly resembles the deliciousness of New York pizza. So, if you're serious about pizza, follow my reviews, because I'll be reviewing every pizza joint I eat from to let you know what's worth it and what's not. 

That being said, this pizza stinks. It's not even really pizza. I ordered a "traditional" pie with half mushroom and a "white" pie. The traditional was of the typical Philly variety: chewy and gross (dough tasted under cooked). The mushrooms weren't from a can, so that's a plus.

The white pie was nothing more than dough and mozzarella cheese. No ricotta. No taste. No good. Now, it was delivery, but that's really no excuse. Back at home I ate quality, whether it was pick up, delivery, or sit down. Delivery also took just over one hour. 

Don't bother with Francoluigi's. I threw out the remaining slices. Couldn't even justify eating it cold.
Dear Smug Ex-New Yorkers,

If you loved NYC so much, and feel that Philly's pizza scene just isn't up to snuff, go back.  Seriously, don't think our city is good enough?  Fine.  I really don't care.  Or just don't eat pizza.  Or something.  I don't know.  But we don't go up to NYC and complain about how pretentious everyone is.  Oh wait, I just did.  

Love,
A Philly Girl

Now that THAT is off my chest, the pizza here is D-O-P-E.  At a BBQ the other week one of my friends was flabbergasted that I had been living in Philly for years and had not yet tried Francoluigi's pizza.  So next night we ordered it.  Oh man.  It's a pizza experience.  Delivery wasn't super fast, but the pizza was hot and AMAZINGLY yummy.  This is now my go-to pizza joint.  And when I say that, I mean we're ordering pizza... on a weekly basis now.
I don't think this place is ever going to reopen. Things were getting a little weird in there even before Covid. Prices went up, portion sizes got smaller and containers for food changed. The short bald guy behind the counter was getting louder too, and not in a good/friendly way.
The pizza is good but the owner leaves a bad taste in my mouth....

A few months back I was in the pizza shop. A woman in front of me tried to pay for her slice in change. The owner told her he doesn't accept change. I looked at him and he said, " She's got money." She did pull out a few dollar bills (she did have a knot of cash on her) and paid. She didn't seem bothered by him. I assumed she was a regular but also got the impression that she didn't understand English too well and he wouldn't speak to an American like this. He continued to rant saying that he doesn't like pennies and even went as far as to say that one time, his sister tried to pick a penny up off the ground he told her "Don't you dare!"  He then took it one step further and grabbed all of the pennies in his register and threw them out into the street! Pennies are disgusting. Again the woman didn't seem bothered and I was just thinking he was being a jerk. Never the less my slice that day was really good. 
Tonight we ordered pizza for delivery. One sicilian and one round. My husband was on his second slice and he pulled a long hair out of his slice! (gagging) It was baked in the cheese not even sitting on top. (still gagging) I called and was put on the phone with the owner. I told him the situation. He said he has an all male crew and that was impossible. I said maybe it's someone that portions the cheese? I don't know, but it wasn't mine! Baked in! (eeewwweee) We were so grossed out. No apology. He offered to make us another pie and we had to give this one back to the driver. I told him that we just wanted a refund. He said they don't do that. The only option was getting another pie. Fine. The new pie didn't come for an hour and ten minutes. HOUR AND TEN MINUTES!
We only order out once a week and look forward to it. Tonight we were really displeased with our dinner and wildly disappointed with the customer service :(  I will never give this man my money again. I should have paid in pennies.....
High Note Cafe

Everything about this place is spectacular...from the unassuming entrance to the gustatory delights to the serenading waiters. 

The only downside is, you'll probably need to call your cardiologist after devouring the following: 

0. Garlic Bread Knots: warm, doughy, delicious...and just enough garlic to where you could probably indulge in two without alerting the bloodhounds

1. Fresh Mozzarella and Bruschetta: thickly sliced, mildly flavored mozzarella elegantly transported exquisitely chopped fresh-out-of-the-garden-and-picked-at-the-perfect-time tomatoes   

2. Ravioli Corelli: the amount of crab in this dish is enough to convince anyone that the High Note Cafe has exhausted the immediate crab populace; the pink cream vodka sauce is TO. DIE. FOR.

3. Salmon in White Wine and Caper Sauce: perfectly pink salmon swimming in a sea of butter...and capers for your vegetables 

...so, dear friends, in order to not wake up blissfully dead, you should eat everything...and wash it down with a bottle of red wine (it's good for your heart, ya know?)
This Yelp entry IS confusing.  It's actually:

1.  Franco & Luigi's PIZZARIA; and 
2.  High Note Cafe (formerly known as Pastaria Restaurant).

My review for Franco & Luigi's Pizzaria:
Excellent place for take-out, brightly lit corner location in South Philly just a stone's throw from Broad Street and Center City.  You can also order menu items from High Note Cafe (FKA Pastaria) here, which are excellent.  I love that they often have new Italian immigrants working in the back.

My review for High Note Cafe (FKA Pastaria):
Located behind their pizza storefront, this is the "other" romantic and slightly cheesy but fun nonetheless singing Italian cafe in South Philly, just a block or 2 down the street & around the corner from Victor Cafe (the older and better known one with better singers).  The food here, however, is better.  This place also feels more casual and family-oriented.  Nice place for a date, however try to avoid walking through the fluorescent lighting of the pizza storefront if you're trying to seduce your date, lol.

Located near Center City.  While take-out from both are excellent and worth the wait, it can take a while, even if you call ahead.  Yes, they take credit cards.  No parking lot, street parking, and they might have a valet on Fri/Sat nights.
Another yelper suggested this place a few weeks ago and I finally got the chance to try it out... and boy am I glad that I did. 

It was DELICIOUS. Their sauce is absolutely amazing. It's the perfect amount of sweet, plus the italian seasonings in it is so so so so good. 

We got the Mama Homestyle which is sliced mozz and plum tomato sauce. You get a hugeeee pizza for only 11 bucks, seriously, how can you beat that???

We also got the Texas Ranch Fries, and devoured them before even making it to the pizza. You really can't beat bacon, ranch, and cheese on fries. It's a dangerous combination.

I will definitely be making this my go-to pizza place in the area, I can't wait to try some of their Gourmet pies! I've got my eye on you, O Sole Mio...
***Beware for dining in****

The prices on the menu vary based on where you look. On yelp chicken parm is $10.95, on their own website chicken parm is $13.95, but when my boyfriend and I arrived there the chicken parm on their dining in menu was listed as $17.95! When I brought the discrepancies to the attention of the waitress she said that the manager had just changed everything (my boyfriend has been coming to this restaurant and dining in for over a year and that chicken parm has always been $17.95) it wasn't until I looked up their website on MY first visit that we noticed the mistake. It sounds like this business just wants to scam the people who make the effort to dine in there, and that makes me sad. 

From what my boyfriend says thry have amazing food (hence 2 stars), but they should be more consistent and honest about their prices.
This review is for the pizzeria portion, Franco & Luigi's.   As a take-out and delivery pizza, they are among the best in the city.  They have a wide array of specialty pies in addition to the standards.  The slices have a good size and thickness, and the crust has the right amount of chewyness.   The cheese and toppings are top notch, but the sauce is slightly on the sweet side.  It isn't the sweetened tomato jam that many Philly pizzerias use, but still noticeable.

  Their wings have very good sauces, but tend to be small.  They also have garlic bread knots that are mildly addictive.  Whenever we order, they typically turnaround is about half an hour, so they keep things moving.
The review is for the round tomato pie. $6.50 for the whole pie. Crust is thin, sauce is light so it's a light meal. Nice and crispy outer crust.  Friendly staff and fast service.
The only thing worst than the food is the attitude of some of the people that work here. If you like your pizza with a side of aggression this is your spot.
Owner is very arrogant and has a terrible attitude. There is far better pizza in Passyunk (Birra, Brigantessa, Stoggie Joe's, Marra's), especially for the price. Spend money where your business is appreciated.
I used to order from here all the time when I lived in the neighborhood years ago. It was never as good as Marra's, but it seemed more reliable.

Well, I'll never go back after my last experience last week. Why am I only writing this review now, 7 days later? Probably because I've been too busy vomiting. I wish I'd checked this page and read about the sharpie incident before ordering again; I might have thought twice before risking it with this disgusting, dirty, rat-infested dump. The owner was so proud of supposedly having made my pie himself. Too bad he DIDN'T WASH THE SHIT OFF HIS HANDS FIRST.

Don't go anywhere near this place. It should be shut down, for good.
By far since i've been living in the city, the best pizza I have come across.  We've had  quite a few, and this has just the right amount of sauce, and cheese.  Oh so good! 

Great Pizza!!
Live opera while you eat at a little BYOB Italian joint on the corner of 13th and Tasker-- come on that's just cool! I once lived near here, so I was a regular customer at the pizzeria side.

I give it four stars, but lemme break it down into a few subcategories for this review--

Restaurant food ***1/2 (typical Ital-Amer. fare, but done well and cheap)

Atmosphere ***** (did I mention the servers sing OPERA?)

Pizzeria/to-go **** (better than the pasta dishes, the best bet is the Tomato Pie# or the Pizza Pavarotti##, hoagies ain't bad either)

#-- Tomato pie is a simple "Sicilian-style" crust pizza, topped only with a basic pizza sauce of crushed tomatoes, salt, basil and oregano (and presumably a bit of sugar), finsihed with a sprinkle of romano.

##-- The Pavarotti is a white pizza made with sharp provolone, fresh sliced tomatoes and sauteed broccoli rabe
Spent a lovely Valentine's date here. We had early reservations at 5 and they had a table ready in the lovely Italian cafe attached to the pizza parlor. It's truly a hidden gem in south philly. You wouldn't even know how nice it is by the outside. The live jazz in the background set the perfect mood for the dinner. 
We split a bottle of Malbec and looked through the menu. I ordered the eggplant and tomato pizza and my date got the chicken and shrimp rigatoni (special) which was phenomenal. We finished dinner with heir chocolate covered Italian ice cream. It's not on the menu but you can ask for it.
The dinner was cozy, private, and couldn't have asked for better!
Just reviewing the pizza side, as I've never visited the High Note Cafe, but Franco's is my go-too for carry out. The pizza is my favorite casual eat-at-home pizza, rivaled only by Santucci's, which is a completely different beast altogether. Delicious crust, good, greasy cheese, and very flavorful sauce. The plain cheese is good in of itself, but kick it up with some sausage for a bangin' slice. 

Had only a few of their sandwiches, but their chicken parm in particular is massive and really tasty.
Had a mama home style slice one evening and it was pretty good, even though it looked like it had been sitting out for a little while (price you pay for getting a slice). A tad on the greasy side, but this slice had a glob of cheese in the middle of an otherwise Sicilian style square bed of tomato sauce. Didn't try the other kind of slice, but those also didn't look terribly fresh. I'd recommend ordering a pie to be made special order.

They have beer on tap which is a plus if you're dining in. The guys who work here are super sweet and make me feel like in certainly in South Philly. 

Enjoy!
I grew up eating Frankie's pizza on 10 Street. We thought the best pizza in South Philly! The Caruso pizza used to be my favorite until tonight I picked up a Caruso & they changed the chicken from chicken breast to chicken thighs which makes the pizza more wet and has more fat content, if you use cheaper chicken then lower the price and call it crap. For such an outstanding place I always expect the best. I even called to talk with Nick who advised me that for the last two years they've been using those thighs. Gtfo. Sorry Borda but I'm not coming back for that. Yuk I can't give that pizza away now and I hate wasting food!
Ordered delivery from here last night and the pizza was cold, the delivery driver was rude, and the pizza was basically falling apart. It was not good enough for me to order from here again considering I'll have to reheat it on arrival.
I have found Pizza Nirvana, and it comes in the form of a relatively cheese-less tomato pie.

We ordered here last night because it had gotten too late to cook and I had a craving for REAL pizza (I'm lactose- and gluten-intolerant, oh and garlic...). I wasn't in the mood for a little fake piece of business from Slice. Cue Francoluigi's, thanks to my fellow Yelpers.

We ordered a large traditional pie with pepperoni and olives and a small tomato pie. Next time we'll reverse it because I hardly touched the actual pizza in favour of the tomato pie. Don't get me wrong, the pizza is excellent and very satisfying, but I couldn't resist the siren song of the tomato pie. I may have eaten all but 2 pieces of it.

Let me explain. It's not square with corners from a sheet pan treatment like many Philly-area tomato pies, it was a rough squarish oval, covered in a generous but not overbearing amount of bright tomato sauce and anointed with olive oil, fresh oregano, and a dusting of grated parmesean. The crust was pillowy without being bready and had a nice flavour and perfect crisp to the bottom. You could taste the quality of each ingredient distinctly and it sang an a capella ditty in my mouth.

Delivery only took about 35 minutes and the total was about $22. We will become regulars, much to the chagrin of my stomach. Need. More. PIE!
I would love to give Franco and Luigi's a 5-star rating. I've had nothing but fantastic experiences and amazing food there every time I've eaten in or picked up take-out. I've recommended them to many, many friends over the years and love the restaurant. It is one of my must-visit Philly destinations for Italian. 

Restaurant? 5 stars. 

But the one time I ordered from the catering menu, they dropped the ball.

Catering? 3 stars (started with 5, dropped 2, got one back)

I called a day ahead to order a couple of trays of antipasto, penne vodka and stuffed peppers for a party, paid the extra $20 for delivery since I didn't have time to pick it up, and instructed them to have it at my place at 6:30pm the following day. No problem there. Happy to place the order. The food is definitely worth it. 

6:30 came and went. No food. Guests were to arrive at 7, and I wanted to have time to set everything up before they showed up.

Minus 1 star. 

7pm rolled around. No food. Guests were arriving. I called. They said they "got behind" on orders. Mine hadn't even gone out the door yet.

Minus 1 star. 

7:20? Called again. The order had just gone out. 

Minus 1 star.

The food arrived just after 7:30. I was able to enlist a few of my guests to help carry the order upstairs, but nobody was particularly thrilled about the food being an hour late.

The restaurant apologized, threw in a cheese pizza, an order of garlic knots, and a 2-liter bottle of soda for free.

Plus one star. 

Everyone loved the vodka sauce - just like home made - the antipasto - the roasted peppers - the pizza - the garlic knots - the coke I forgot to buy for mixing drinks - magnifico! 

However, if you call, order over $100 of food, and pay a day ahead, an hour late for a scheduled delivery at a pre-restaurant-rush-hour time is not OK.

So the food, restaurant and take-out? Hands down, five stars. But one star for not being on time in the first place, and 1 star for each 30 minute delay and subsequent "Hey, where's my food" phone call. I appreciated them throwing in the extra food. 

I will absolutely order from them again. I'll just make sure I have the time to go pick it up, or just stay, have a glass of vino and enjoy the music.
Love! Their! Pizzas! Recipe hasn't changed since I first had their pizza when I was 8!! I'm now 26, and they've expanded their restaurant to include a dining area I believe. Unsure, but the pizza has the perfect ratio of sauce to cheese (my personal preference of course). Old school Italian place. Ya can't get anymore South Philly than that huh? 

Only thing is, I think word got out their food's super awesome, that it's kinda tricky to get delivery, but I never mind walking there (awesome light show block during Christmas season!)
Last time I ordered I was reminded why I don't like this place. Pizza was pretty burnt on the bottom and and soupy/wet on top. If it was more affordable I would give more stars but $18 for terrible pizza is pretty bad. Won't make mistake again
I wish I could give this place a better rating, but unfortunately, I can't. I came here last night with some co-workers for a goodbye dinner, and we all left unimpressed by the way the owner and manager treats his staff. We thought the food was ok (though my sandwich wasn't that great), and the ambiance is all right, but we were turned off by witnessing the owner's behavior. For example, we witnessed him address the bus boy on duty as "Bus Boy", not by his real name (Shane). Also, when our lovely waitress (Kim) attempted to accommodate one of our party with a dish request that was not on the menu, he came by and flatly stated "No. Do you see that on the menu? No, we're not doing that." Kim said on more than one occasion that it was a new menu and she was unfamiliar with it. In my opinion, if you make a new menu, you need to acquaint your wait staff with it so that they know what folks are ordering. Also, it allows them to give recommendations to patrons! The last kicker was when three people in our party wanted to pay for a portion of the bill with a card instead of cash. We were initially told that this would not be a problem, but when the check came, we discovered that the bill would be split equally into three, once the cash had been subtracted, but they would not allow them to each specify how much to put on each card. Not cool. So, I'm sorry to say that I do not plan on being a patron of this establishment in the future. I'm sure I can find a better Italian place in South Philly to spend my money. (P.S. Yay Shane and Kim!!!)
I can not attest to the High Note Cafe and my review is only for take out pizza/ beer.  But this is the best Pizza I've had in Philadelphia as far as take out goes.  The Homestyle Margherita is just the best.  AND-- they have 6 packs and will give you a glass of wine sometimes while you wait.  I moved out of the delivery area and I will never forgive myself.
I think that their pizza and wings have to be some of the best in Philadelphia, however, it is the god awful service and attitude that have forced me to write this review.  They are literally two blocks away from me, and yet they are never able to get the food to me in under an hour, or even an hour for that matter.  However, that is not the worst part, it's the attitude and total disrespect that these people have that is so infuriating.  

I called them two weeks ago to place an order, the gentleman that answered the phone said in an incredibly rude tone, we don't open for another three minutes, and we're really busy, you need to call back in an hour.  I didn't.  This weekend my fiance and I decided to give them another chance because their pizza is really that good.  After waiting for an hour and 15 minutes, I decided to call and see how much longer it would take. Having worked in the restaurant industry myself for five years, I always make sure that I am understanding and polite, so I feel that the man's attitude was undeserved.  He told me it had only been an hour and three minutes and that I need to relax.  Unbelievable! First of all, how dare you tell a reasonable and calm customer that is asking a totally valid question to relax. And secondly, I am extremely concerned about this man's telling time skills; that's a fundamental skill for working in the restaurant industry. You would think that in this economy people in nonessential industries would want to be as pleasant as possible to loyal customers, however, this man does not see it that way. 

Pizza places are ubiquitous in South Philadelphia; you'd think these people would want to stand out as not only having great food, but providing the community with great service.  I will never order from this place again.  And I suggest that others refrain from patronizing this place as well.  Poor behavior should never be rewarded.
Best. Pasta. EVER.

My husband and I came here on a friend's recommendation (husband was craving a calzone, and my friend lives in South Philly). We immediately felt welcome (it was like hanging out a friend's place, cuz they would randomly talk to you and you could overhear their crazy conversations) when we stepped in into the take-out part of restaurant, and since no one was sitting in the nook with a few tables, we decided to eat there instead of running back home.

I perused the menu and landed on one thing: ziti tebaldi. If you know me, you'll know some of my favorite things in the world are artichokes, sun-dried tomatoes, olive oil, and lemon (though not garlic, but I wasn't complaining). There was no question what I was going to order.

The first bite was heaven. It was a fairly large portion, but it was more chicken than pasta, so all was well. My husband got this GIANT ham-and-cheese calzone, which was also very good, but I liked my pasta better, haha. =P 

Definitely coming back!
I have not eaten here, so this is not about the food.  I'd noted sometime back that Wednesday was jazz night here and finally got out the door and walked over. 

It was an odd night as it's Rosh Hashana and a lot of the usual jazz crowd was not there, so they said. There was a woman at the piano, a man singing and one couple in the restaurant at 9:00 PM. 

I ordered a glass of wine, but was told that I would be charged a $30 cover charge if I didn't order that in food. $30 for jazz is fine if I'm in New York and have albums by the artist, but this is Philadelphia. Come on. 

I promptly walked out.
The High Note Cafe is a truly magical experience that everyone living in South Philly should try a least once. For the second year in a row, my friends took me here for my birthday and the place did not disappoint.Our server Steve made me feel really special, singing "romantic" songs way better than the traditional happy birthday. I recommend you bring ten friends, 10 bottles of champange and let the staff entertain you. The food was really good but honestly, it could have been total crap and I don't think I would have noticed. 

My roommates and I often order delivery from Francoluigi's and it's some of the best pizza ever. So yes, I recommend both the High Note and Francoluigi's!
We called ahead to order a tomato pie and a cheesesteak pizza, and they had it ready for us when we got there. Its hard to find parking in that area, so i suggest someone stays in the car while someone runs in to pick up if you are not eating it. The tomato pie's sauce was very tasty. The cheesesteak pizza had great flavor. We actually put ketchup on it, and it truly tasted amazing like that.
Had a really enjoyable evening with friends. As we walked in, one of the waiters had just finished singing an operatic aria, accompanied by an accordionist. In between the opera, the accordion man sang old Italian love songs and standards. The food was very good southern Italian and very reasonably priced. We brought two bottles of wine. I thought the $10 corkage fee was very reasonable and saved a lot of money compared to getting a bottle off the menu. Back to the food, the crab bruschetta appetizer was killer. The combination of the music and the tasty food can't be beat.
My girlfriend and I absolutely love this place. I'll start off by saying that the service is great. The people answering the phone are easy to speak with. They confirm what you say and always get the order right. A lot of pizza shops in this city have surly workers on the phone; you know, places where you can't hear what the person says, rushes you during your order, and then hangs up abruptly, leaving you wondering if you're even going to get your order. Not at this place! Delivery time is average - I think this place is usually pretty busy. 

On to the pizza. I will be so bold as to say that this is the best pizza I've had in Philly. Just perfect, really! The sauce is great, not sweet like most pizza in this city (eugh!), and I appreciate that. The toppings are super fresh and tasty, the cheese is excellent, and the pizza is always cooked just right! This place is very consistent with their food - never undercooked, never too doughy, and never burnt. I must get at least two pizzas here a week - it's that good. I haven't had a pizza I didn't like.

How about other food? This place has pretty good food besides pizza. The hoagies and hot sandwiches are killer. I really dig the chicken parm's, although they can get messy if you get them delivered. The fries are kick-ass. The wings are OK - the sauce is pretty good though. They're nothing to write home about, but then again I'm kind of a wing snob and I usually make my own. The wings are still better than 90% of the places in this city (this city has crappy wings!).

TL;DR - Best pizza in South Philly hands down, good sides, hoagies, hot sandwiches, friendly AND consistent service. I'm glad to have such a great pizza shop close by to my house. Francoluigi's sets the bar high!
My girlfriend and I got pasta to take out. Now we have to take my dad there to eat in, because it's just old school enough for him. He likes his Italian food to be what you'd have gotten 40-50 years ago, when he was a kid. If we take him anywhere that has too much Tuscan or modern influence, he doesn't enjoy it. This place does the Italian-American classics and does them right.

I had linguini alfredo and she got gnocchi with broccoli rabe in a blush sauce. Both had top-notch pasta. The sauces were mild but flavorful, maybe not quite enough oomph in the blush sauce to stand up to the broccoli rabe, but still enjoyable. Tasty, soft, fresh garlic knots came free with our entrees, too.

I was circling the block while the girlfriend ran in to get our food, so I didn't see it, but she said the pizza looked good. We'll be back to find out for sure.
We wanted to try a new Italian place...Francoluigis got stellar reviews via yelp. The first time we tried it was good, but they DEFINITELY over-charged us.  The following times we ordered the food was awful.  I can't vouch for the pizza, but the pasta dishes were horrible.  The service is extremely poor, and delivery takes at least an hour.
As far as (South) Philadelphia Pizza is concerned, this is hands down my top choice as far as taste, consistency, price, and overall quality are concerned.  Whether it's their standard classic cheese pie or the buffalo chicken pizza with ranch dressing (FAVE), we always leave here satisfied.  The staff are friendly and there's always a quick turn around.  ALSO! If you're ever in the mood to make your own pizza, they're happy to sell you some fresh dough for less than $3. Bargain! Screw "Slice"--Francoluigi's is as good as it gets!
AWFUL. the food is way too greasy and the delivery drivers are incredibly rude.
I would not put this place into the pizza category, though it probably qualifies as a "red-sauce joint".

First, if you love good, reasonably priced food, this is your place.  They will (and have) even take special orders for those in your party with dietary restrictions (i.e. vegans) without any complaints.  I recommend their specials menu, as I've never been disappointed when eating off of this part.  Come hungry (read: STARVING), as their portion sizes are ginormous.

Second, OPERA!  Their waiters/waitresses sing and play piano and have no qualms telling your noisy patrons to shut the F up during anothers performance.  (Seriously, shut it when they're singing).  Most of the waitstaff is at UofA and other Broad St. companies, and are working their way through college or to supplement their income as a chorus member and/or to get more practice with their voice.  They're always good, with some that really truly phenomenal.

This is a great place for groups--especially those that can get a little bit of the uncomfortable silence going...Make sure you don't have any Rude dudes in your group though, or you will get yelled at during the singing.

You must make a reservation on weekends, though I think during the week you might be okay without making one.  The dining room is small, and only can accomodate 30-ish people.

Don't forget to look at the famous people pics on the walls, either.  Some are really funny.
This place was highly recommended to us as the best Italian place in South Philly.  What a disappointment it was though!  My girlfriends and I came to dine early Saturday evening with a prior reservation - we were seated right away. The atmosphere was nice but borderline pretentious, but did not go well with plastic glasses and outdated/plain dishware.   Live performance was a cute touch - however it looked as the performers were only signing for the regulars.  We never got approached to request a song, whereas older people at the next table did.  The food was mediocre to say the least  - canned mushrooms in the pasta sauce, overcooked gnocchi, octopus dish that tasted like it came from a can as well. White Pizza I ordered was dry and plain. Although the waiter was nice and polite,  I had to ask for a manager to inquire about ginger ale that was charged 4 times.  Apparently, no free refills for soft drinks.  Be sure to ask the waiter, as it's not written anywhere. The manager was EXTREMELY rude about this matter - he talked to me like I was his friend:-0    "hey, listen...."   - that's not how you address your customers! Overall, my upset stomach, $10 gingerale and offensive manager left an unpleasant first impression of a "pizzeria LaScala wanna-be".  I would not recommend this place to anyone - if you want to have a real Italian food and a great experience go to Le Virtu.
A neighborhood pizza joint with good food and a friendly staff at the takeout counter. 

Tomato pie was simple and delicious. Pizzaz chicken steak was tasty, gooey mess. 

They have an attached eat-in cafe, takeaway beer, and a menu for any pizza place craving.
South Philly, PA
Pretty good for cheesy greasy plain pizza. My family ordered from there last night. They saved me some since I wasn't home for din din. I looked at the name of the pizza and wondered where is this? Lol. Took a slice. Not bad. Reading Yelp reviews. I guess I will have to try more things to get a better feel of all the ooo la la about this place. O they sing here...Niceee. 3.5 stars.
Best pizza. Best tomato pie. Best location (so close I can smell it). 


Best attractive, charming, talented servers who serenade you while you dine. A night dining here is guaranteed to be fun and memorable. Bring a date! Bring out of town guests! Bring lots of wine! Portions are quite large and everything tastes fresh and delicious. I was so enamored with the singing that I accidentally kept eating way past the point where I was full. I promise, the tummy ache was worth it.
I've been ordering pick-up and delivery quite frequently from here for about a year and a half and I'm never disappointed.  Don't be discouraged by the long delivery times- there's a reason they're in such high demand and that's cause I have yet to find a better pizza in South Philly (with the exception of Lorenzo's, but they don't deliver).

The pizza is just so wonderful and the pepperoni they use is the real authentic spicy stuff, cut fresh.  I've had some other menu items from here- the cheesesteaks, meatball subs, salads, etc.  And they're all equally as satisfying and tasty.  Note:  don't order a cheesesteak for delivery cause the cheesy goodness will probably soak through the bun by the time you get it- just pick it up.  

Never dined in here, but would love to try some of their pasta dishes some time.  Also, Sundays, Tuesdays and Wednesdays they have a great deal of 2 medium pizzas for $15.
After four experiences (all delivery / take out), I figured it's time to share. Of course that's mostly because I now have something to complain about, but honestly it's pretty good stuff - 3 out of 4 times. Two of those were just tomato pies - fabulous tomato pies. Who knew bread and sauce could be so delicious? The cheese pizza (3rd order) was fine too, but honestly whatever crack they put in the sauce on tomato pies didn't come through with the cheese on top. Or maybe it's a different sauce altogether. It was still good pizza, kinda think but not flimsy. Better than most I've found here. (Now if only I could find a good Chicago style pizza here.)

Now this 4th time - eh, we ordered more food and I wish we hadn't. The order:
Portobello mushrooms stuffed with broccoli rabe and cheese - sounds yummy, right? (If not, you must hate America.) Well it wasn't. It arrived in a pool of slightly red water. Kinda gross. Don't order it. And it came with two roll type things - one burnt and one not, and neither tasty.

Cheese fries - overloaded with cheese whiz, which may or may not be a good thing to you. If you love the whiz, you're good. 

And the pizza - another tomato pie. A sad, sad, tomato pie. First, we got it because Yelp said if we ordered $10 worth of food we could get an 18" tomato pie for $3.99. When I ordered, I was told "they made a mistake." I don't know who "they" are but it's not an 18" pie. It's more like a 9" X 14 " oval pie, and it wasn't at all like the ones we'd gotten previously. It seems like they used the same dough, just didn't stretch it out enough. And the sauce was without its crack. And the crust was quite burnt. 

I thought about arguing with him about the 18" pie but figured even a 14" for $3.99 was still decent, I was hungry and figured I would just end up without any food if I argued. But now it'll be quite a while until I get another one. Still, with my three previous good experiences, I can't knock them too much. 

Two five star experiences (same order), one four star experience, and one two star experience - I'll leave it at 4 for now, but that is subject to change.
Just received our order, after we found out that they had forgot part of order I called them back and was told by the girl on the phone that it wasn't her fault and they're not going to send the driver back. So here's one  customer who won't be ordering from this place again
Pizza in South Philly is more common than locals who think Rocky was a documentary, so having tried many places, I've come to be picky.  Let me just say Francoluigi's has the best sicilian pizza around. It has a thick crust that's not so thick it's bread, with the cheese and sauce intermingling on top.

Gotta love the "intermingle" as opposed to the traditional sauce-top-cheese-bottom layering. It makes for an unpredictable bite that's never the same, two times in a row.

Delivery takes a while though, so call ahead. (On a Wednesday, we once waited over an hour for a traditional pie and a salad despite living 8 blocks away- should have walked it.)

Service also ranges from courteous to brusque, depending on how busy they are. But in this town, 50% courtesy means you got lucky.
This is a splendid establishment.  All of the food is very good and the atmosphere is quite welcoming.  Its not overly casual but not too fancy so it'd be an ideal place to bring a first date.  

The random bursts of operatic singing throughout the night are definitely a huge plus.

On to the food- fantastic.  The calamari was crispy and fresh.  The gnocchi and sauce surrounding it was ideal.  I highly recommend this establishment.
My opinion- I believe the staff is prejudice!

My child tried to purchase food here and he was treated as if he was beneath and turned away. Some adults should show more respect to children and set a far better example regardless of the situation- especially when running an establishment. 

I was at the hair salon down the street and I was unable to go with him to purchase his food therefore I gave him my debit card and he was turned away. (Second Attempt) I sent a note including my signature stating that he had my permission to purchase the food via my debit card. (Third Attempt) one of the workers at the salon offered to go as evidence that I was a current customer of their establishment and I could not walk down to pick up the food. (Fourth and Final Attempt) I then placed the order over the phone and advised the cashier of the situation and that he will be picking up the food and I even suggested paying over the phone and she advised me that it was not a problem for him to use my card since I was placing the order.  When my son arrived and the owner noticed him leaving with his order, the owner came around the counter and began banging on the counter and told my son to put the food down and felt the need to yell at him. My son is a very intelligent kid and he was extremely bothered by the way this adult handled the situation over a $10.00 meal. My son was simply doing what his mother advised him to do and it was shown that he was indeed the bigger person in the situation. I am proud that he handled it very well and I will continue to teach my children the right and wrong way to act in this society regardless of others shortcomings and ill mannered ways. 

Knowledge will forever govern ignorance: and people who mean to be their own governors, must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives!
Local favorite. Always hot, fresh food and great service. I've ordered delivery and pick up and I've never been disappointed with the food or the restaurant. Their BBQ chicken pizza and pasta dishes (specifically the baked ziti) are awesome. I would recommend checking out if you are in the area. The chicken cheesesteak is one of the best I've had!
OK, so Franco & Luigi's might not be the greatest Italian fare you'll ever taste, but it's perfectly respectable and some of it is downright memorable.  More importantly, F&L's has all the right moves for a first date, romantic evening or just an unforgettable dinner with friends.  For starters, the space is cozy and the ambiance is warm (think brick walls, low lighting and intimate tables). But the show stopper? The wait staff sings opera. Live opera. I mean, come on. That's undeniably charming. Add to that attentive and friendly service, plus your own favorite bottle of wine, and you've got the recipe for a great night out.
Waited over a hour for my food just for the driver to show up with a serious attitude. The fries was cold and the wings was lukewarm. My wife asked for change for a $20 so she could tip the driver that's when he took the whole $20 (The bill came to $15) and said something about he only makes $3.00 a hour and left. When I first moved to this neighborhood I would order from this place all the time. I use to really enjoy coming into the restaurant with my daughters but now I am done with this place. After reading a review from Kristen D, I am certain I got the same exact delivery driver so since this place seems to give zero $&@$ about how their drivers treat the customers I suggest not ordering delivery from this place.
Both the front Pizza restaurant and the fine dining among opera-belting waiters is worth the experience.  The tomato pie (the square pizza with minimal cheese) is arguably better than Cacia's, the broccoli rabe could be the best in the city.  Try the eggplant rollatini for a gustatory tour de force.  And now you can even order wine while listening to the piano player.
My lady and I ordered an antipasta for 2 and a large pie.  The artichokes on the salad had turned so we sent them back and requested some fresh artichokes. I told the waitress not to make a new salad, just to replace the bad artichokes.  She returned with a side of artichokes and said that the chef thinks that what we were tasting was just sharp provolone that had touched the artichokes.  They made both of our mouths tingle. They were bad!  And we know what sharp provolone cheese tastes like.  When a chef can't put aside his or her pride and do what's safe for his/her customers, I worry about what else happens in that kitchen.  The second batch was bad too. We had to taste the bacteria biproducts twice and cringe because the chef didn't trust us.

The server was a young girl who was sweet, but had no idea how to serve tables.  She just simply was not trained on the basics.

The onions on the pizza were caramelized. Some people may prefer that, but I would expect onions as a pizza topping to be raw and then cook a bit with the pizza.  Not the biggest deal, but I like a bit of a crisp onion on my pie and you gotta admit that is the norm.  I wish the menu said "carmelized".

Also, I've never been served a can of soda without the can.  It was poured into a glass, so I figured it was fountain and that it was free refills.  I finished my soda before my food came to find out there were no free refills upon requesting another. Bummer.

 None of this stuff is that big of a deal, but when there are hundreds of great pizza places in all directions, you gotta do a better job to keep me coming back.  This place was just placed at the back of the line for me.  I will come back after all else fails.
We just finished our leftover Sicilian tomato pie and I feel heartbroken. I have had leftovers of various menu items numerous times, but it was only recently that I was able to try their food fresh. I'm a big fan of their pesto goat cheese salad and the tomato pie. 

I planned on ordering the round tomato pie per Abby W's suggestion, but I couldn't bring myself to do it. I went with the Sicilian, and could not have been happier. This pizza does not need cheese, I'm convinced there is nothing that could make it more delicious than it is. 

My stepdad and boyfriend additionally scarfed down nearly 30 wings, which were large and meaty. 

Not only is the food amazing, the owner was working the register and phones and he was extremely nice. 

I'm looking forward to eating in sometime to experience the opera, but if tomato pie isn't on the in house menu, I'll have to get one to take home.
I came for Opera Night on a Wednesday.  The pre-fix meal was nothing short of amazing.  The best Caesar salad I have had in the city so far.  The pasta was perfectly cooked and believe me I soaked up the sauce with my bread.  Grilled vegetables were lovely.  I had fish, again, very good.  I also had two very excellent margaritas.  Dessert was canoli - the filling was out of this world!

The service was very good.  I think there was a new trainee that night who seemed a bit hesitant to do things without being told, but overall they did well.

The opera on for the evening was Carmen.  The singing was ok.  I understand they may do more opera nights and have a variety of arias/duets instead of a full-on show.  This may work better to have more of a variety of singing.  

The only drawbacks are getting a reservation, and parking.  You can only call for opera night reservations on certain days and during certain hours. The restaurant is not large so reservations go quickly!  It's a flat fee of $20 for the opera night, then $25 for the dinner. Drinks, tax, and pre-charged 18% tip are extra.  Their website says they will pay 50% of your valet parking bill at the Fountain, but street parking can be had with some extra time and planning (allow an extra 30 minutes for that).  

Apparently I need to go back and try the pizza, as the pizza business was super busy when I arrived.  Thanks, High Note Café!
I really love the High Note Cafe. I had the most amazing seafood Fra diavolo here. Huge portion too. The opera singing was so beautiful that I didn't want to leave. I will certainly be back to try some more dishes on the menu.
Up until the time I moved to Philadelphia, I had all but given up on pizza as being nothing more than drunk food or something employers use as some kind of meager reward for working serious overtime for little to no pay. Exploring the neighborhood, and upon recommendation from my new roommates, I happened in and had two slices.

Now, I use Francoluigi's as a reason why some of my closest friends should move here. If I go in with other people, even if I've eaten already, I get a slice. I wouldn't describe myself as a pie connoisseur, but no one visiting has crossed me on my decision to make the short walk over.

On top of the food, the people working behind the counter seem to treat everyone with great appreciation for patronizing the business even though they could totally get away with being jerks. Even if I move out of South Philly, I will make this a stop whenever I'm down in the area.
The pizza here is totally awesome. Philly is home to several varieties of pizza, which I think can be grouped as the following (sorry if this sounds inaccurate to some people):

1. Gourmet - Any of those new fancy restaurant guys' pizzas (Stella) or any sort of upscale-ish type pizza (Dock Street).

2. "Greek" - I think this is the name for it. It is that greasy thin crusted stuff found in a lot of pizzerias (Fairmount Pizza)

3. "University City / Drexel" Style - This is sort of a cross between the "Greek" style and NY style, but its generally pretty awful. I think this is mainly due to the fact that they are selling the pizzas in bulk to Drexel or to drunk kids.

4. Hilariously large pizza - See Lazaro's or Lorenzo's (strangely similar names...)

5. What I call "normal" pizza - This is probably called NY style by most people, but whatever. A good example here is Angelino's in Fairmount.

Francoluigi's pizza falls into the fifth category, and it is pretty much the best that this category has to offer. It may be the best pizza in the city overall. The crust is nice and soft, but still crusty. The sauce is just the right combination of sweet and garlicy and savory. The toppings are super delicious. We ordered the "South Philly" pizza. This is a supreme or what my mom calls "garbage" pie. It has basically everything that you expect on an awesome pizza, plus some extra stuff. We also ordered the antipasto, which was basically the standard Italian antipasto, but really good. Pizza may always be hanging out with salad, but this time I was glad to have it around. I'm probably not doing it justice with this description. The best I can say is that I've lived here for 10 years now, and I've tried a lot of pizzas. This is at or near the tops.

The only criticism that I have is that maybe it could use a little more sauce, which I'm sure would be remedied if you ask for it. Also, they're pretty far south, but they still deliver to CC, which is pretty great.

I haven't tried the High Note Cafe yet, so I can't say anything about that, but the delivery pizza alone makes this place one of my favs.
The sacchetti here is never on the menu but usually offered as a special. It is really great. A bit disappointed tho that the last time I went they weren't doing the waitstaff/opera singing. Instead they had a guy on the piano who I couldn't hear when sitting in the elevated section.
Me and my roommates LOVE this place. We probably order delivery once a week! The hot & cold sandwiches are quite good. And every Tues., Wed., & Sun. there's a 2 cheese pizzas for $12.99 deal. Delivery gets to you in under an hour.
This review is really for the "High Note Cafe" part of this restaurant, which is the only part I've been too (but I'll be back for pizza)

O wow, I consider myself a pasta purist because of the hours upon hours of pasta making inflicted on me throughout my childhood by my wholly Italian grandmother (note to grandmas everywhere: 6 hours of watching pasta dry is not a good childhood activity, so don't be mad when I draw on your pasta with felt pens. Pasta = natures post-it notes).

This was spectacular - everything we had was absolutely delicious, including the mussel app - and I don't like mussels!! (Thank you husband for purposely ordering food I don't typically like because I dared to go to the bathroom before ordering). 

The boy said of all the shrimp fra diavlo he's ever had (and he's had it in a LOT of different places), this ranked #1. I got the gnocchi with chicken and took a crazy amount of it home. They were really light, unlike a lot that are usually heavy and doughy. 

The entertainment consisted of a piano player who played show tunes except when the waiters sang opera. It was truly a unique, and wonderful evening. I can't rave enough about it.
I love it here, you can smell it blocks away as you walk from Broad Street (or any other direction). 

I've only eaten in the take out eatery on the corner. They have a 1-2 tables and chairs set up to eat at, but most of the people coming in are taking-out. 

Their giant calzone is outstanding...I can eat half and save the rest for lunch the next day, all for something like $7! Talk about cheesy, that yummy goodness just oozes out of the thing when you cut into it. Reminds me of Gypsy's in Berkeley if you've been there, but I'd say this is better. 

I've tried their plates (available through the take out counter) and they're prepared to the same standards as the restaurant inside. So if you're on a budget and are looking for a good Italian place, put the eatery on your short list of South Philly places to go.

Their staff is funny/friendly too...a real family type establishment that shows you the best of what South Philly has to offer. They'll joke around with you, argue with each other, and bring you into the conversation. Love it.
We celebrated my friend's birthday here Friday night, this was the second year in a row. The food is fantastic, and they even tell you if you are in the mood for something you don't see on the menu, just ask and they will try to make it for you. I had the crab ravioli and it was not only stuffed in crab, the sauce had giant chunks of crab too. It was one of those meals that at $22, I could hardly make it at home for that price. Plus the portion was enormous and I got a whole other meal out of it. We did have a little confusion about the reservation, which I made on the phone and they confirmed via email, so I thought it was all taken care of. Then they called to confirm and I didn't answer, so they cancelled it! Forturnately they were able to seat our party of 11 anyway, the place was dead for a Friday night. They also charged one of our party for her portion of the meal on her debit card, then also charged her $316 TWICE, overdrawing her bank account and leaving her broke all weekend. Also my meal didn't come out with everyone else's and when I asked I was told they forgot it. But even with all these behind the scenes issues, everything was so delicious and everyone in the party had an amazing time and I will most certainly go back again.
This place is great!

I've lived in Philly for 8 years and have yet to find a pizzeria that I was amazed by. Never hearing of Francoluigi's I moved to the neighborhood and now pretty much live over the place. Lucky.

I have yet to try the dinning room, but the take out is friendly & the food is beyond good. Best Pizza in Philly thus far.

Coming home after work the entire block is filled with the irresistible aroma of baking bread and delicious pizza.
This Yelp entry is confusing.  Franco Luigi's is both a take out/delivery pizza place as well as a sit down restaurant that has live opera.  I am reviewing the take out pizza side.

This place has a very solid cheese pizza.  A nice crust, on the thinner side with a crisp bottom, but not paper thin.  Nice cheese and a flavorful sauce; in general the pie is well spiced so you don't need to drench it in garlic powder.

The standouts for me are:
1) The tomato pie, which is a regular pizza crust, but topped with only their homemade red sauce (like what would come on spaghetti, not the normal pizza sauce) and a sprinkling of grated cheese.  Their sauce is a chunky, garlicky, and full of flavor.  Plus, a large tomato pie will only set you back $4 once you spend $10 (or somewhere around there) on anything else.  You can also get this same pie with some slices of fresh mozzarella (not $4) and that is also delicious.

2) Their meatballs.  These babies and definitely homemade and are so good.  Great texture and flavor on these.  I recommend getting a side of these (2 come in a side, they are slightly smaller than a baseball in size).  The meatballs come with more of that homemade red sauce, which is so good that I can (and have) just eat it plain with a spoon.  I actually never eat ground beef out, but I make an exception for these meatballs.

The other menu items I have tried (cheesesteaks, hoagies, etc.) are all good as well.
Not the best pizza I've EVER had, but I've become kind of a pizza snob in my later years.  

Definitely, by FAR the best delivery pizza I've had in Philly.  Great cheese, great dough, just enough sauce flavored just right... yum.

Delivery does take a while sometimes.  Worth the wait.
It was like eating cheesy garlic bread for a meal... but I didn't feel guilty because it was really Franco & Luigi's White Pizza.  A crispy but soft crust, mozzarella, olive oil, and garlic... simple and perfect.  

The gourmet pizza at this place is fantastic.  I'll buy it as a special treat for my students.  It is pricier than typical takeout, but worth the couple extra bucks.
I'm always on the look out for new pizza places to try, so when I heard about Francoluigis, I was sold. 

We ordered delivery, which was super quick and friendly, even on a Friday night. We started with the antipasti salad for two, which was very hearty, but did not come with dressing. At first, we thought it was already on the salad, but after a few bites, we learned it wasn't. Perhaps they just forgot to include it? No big deal, we dressed it up ourselves!

My husband, a white pizza lover, got his way and we ordered the Mario Lanza. The hot sausage was delightfully spicy, but I'm not the biggest white pizza fan, so I look forward to ordering a red pie from these guys soon.

The fried ravioli were a bit of a disappointment as they lacked flavor. I still ate them all though because you can't let fried raviolis go to waste!

We'd order from Francoluigis again and try some of their other offerings.
Seriously the BEST calamari and pizza in south philly.
Called 2 hours in advance for a delivery and it was an hour late. Food was ice cold when I got it. They didn't offer to refund my order and acted like they never did timed deliveries before. Just admit that you screwed up and do right by your customers--that's how you keep people coming back. Won't be ordering from them again.
