Ah, one of my go-to places when I'm at work (or immediately thereafter!). Great spot by the train tracks in East Falls--a swift hustle from the train station. They also have a private lot and usually a good bit of street parking.

The food is dern tasty. I've sampled pretty much everything on the menu and it's all freshly and finger-lickingly prepared. *Favorites include* classic buffalo wings, tater tots (yes! I said tater and tots!), the chicken or crab quesadillas and the burgers. 

I swear they done gathered 'bout 5 or 6 of my best uncles in that kitchen and they get. 
it. 
in. 

One time I even tried someone's fish and chips and chirren--the fish was piping hot, crispily fried and SEASONED. Usually folk don't know what to do with fried fish, but this isn't the case at Franklin's. 

The drink specials vary by the day--Troegs all day Tuesday is a good'un though! The Happy Hour specials are nize and there's a solid variety on tap. 

There's usually an event each night of the week--Quizzo on Tuesday nights, karaoke on Thursdays. If you enjoy people watching (i.e. side-eyes 'n snickers!) as much as I do then add one of these nights to your rotation. 

Seriously though--it's a really diverse, friendly, easy-going crowd. The place can get rowdy and rockin' some nights, but in spring and summer you can always bounce to the large deck for a quieter flow.

The service is pretty decent, and is pretty much what keeps this in the 4-star slot. I'm normally with larger parties, so I understand how challenging that can be--especially during happy hours. I've also been for lunch a couple of times and the service has been excellent.

I'm not a regular, regular, but Franklin's is enough of a sweet spot kind of place to make me keep trying to become one.
We stumbled into this place the other night since we had just missed the train, and it was just a couple blocks walking distance from the SEPTA stop! (Luckily, since it was about 20 degrees outside!)

This place was the closest thing I've seen to my favorite hole-in-the-wall bar in Tennessee - since I moved to Philadelphia from Tennessee! It was Karaoke night, and the locals sure did pull out their vocal chords and turn on their dancing feet. 

We got a half-sized Victory Golden Monkey and a pint of Miller Lite for about $10 and just chilled here for an hour. The bartender was very welcoming and friendly, and chatted us up a bit. 

If I get stuck in East Falls once again, I know where I'll go.
My sister and I hit Franklin's for an early dinner, not knowing what to expect. The layout is what you would see in a big sports bar. The main dining room with bar is huge and then there is a smaller bar room with games and a jukebox towards the back. A big wraparound deck is off the back. At just after 4pm, the place was nearly empty so we took seats at the back bar where the only other customer was sitting. 

The bartender was friendly and everything we ordered came out fast. I noticed a solid beer selection though I stuck with light beer. We ordered the fried pickle chips to start, and they were really solid. Cornmeal crusted and served with a really great aioli. We both had buffalo chicken salads and found them to be very tasty. I would have preferred a bed of romaine lettuce instead of plain old iceberg, and a little more buffalo sauce would have been great. Next time I'll ask for some on the side. 

Franklin's seems like a fun place for an after work happy hour (assuming they get more of a crowd after 5 or 6). Sis and I are definitely planning to return.
Being new to the East Falls area, I was excited to find such a cool spot in the most random area. I headed here with a coworker for happy hour and was thoroughly impressed!

Yes, this bar is located by the train tracks, basically attached to homes of the neighborhood, but if you are from the city, none of this is strange. From the outside the place looks like it would be a total dive, but you walk in to find a surprisingly huge bar, with two rooms, bar games and excellent music bumping!

We came for an early happy hour at 4ish and the crowd definitely kept growing and was full on poppin' by 6 pm. Thankfully we had acquired seats in prime people viewing area, so it was nice to see the vast array of people that happen to frequent here. They have decent drink specials, $4 Jack well drinks and $3 beers. I was most impressed by their nachos - which we ordered and I swore I wasn't hungry.....until I saw the mound of guacamole and melted cheese dripping off a chip. I was sold!

Overall, had a nice time, it is a great place for either a big group or to just hang by the bar. I am looking forward to coming back when the weather is nicer to check out their deck as well.
The deck, parking lot and skee ball take this spot from a 3 to a 4.  I agree with the others that aren't nuts about the food.  I see the problem as inconsistency.  I've actually had decent food here - I've also had awful food here.  My fix for this - get the fries and one of their good craft beers on tap, play some skee ball and stop complaining.  You're in East Falls people - not Manhattan.
Met a co-worker for some drinks and food later in the evening and was able to watch the Phillies lose and also catch a football game as well. 
I believe there was a mini basketball game inside. 2 bars, several TV's and a full bar and menu. 
Staff was friendly and helpful with menu selections. 
Prices were reasonable and the drinks were pretty strong. 

Nice lil bar that wasn't packed or rowdy and had a nice mixed crowd. 

Ordered bourbon wings and traditional wings (they were 50 cents that day minimum of 6) and they were pretty good. My co-worker ordered chicken tenders and fries and wow the tenders looked huge and she said they were good. 

Definitely a place I'll come back to.
And despite fearing for my life driving through the "alleys" this city considers roads I made it. So I came here for a happy hour with some of the girls last Friday around 6 or so. The place was reasonably empty so it was easy for us to grab a table. The bartender was nice and pretty quick. Only downside was there was no real drink specials, there was 50 cent off all drinks I believe and some kind of mango wheat beer that a few of the girls tried and weren't fans of. Considering it was National Tequila Day, I would have hoped they would of have something on special.

I ended up ordering a strong bow cider and the pretzel crusted chicken fingers and tater tots. It was delicious ! The chicken fingers were actually REAL chicken. Not frozen sticks that someone just threw on a tray. Thank you Thank you Thank you for that! Thanks for the tots as well, it was a nice change for the drab fries that always come when you have the typical, sandwich, chicken finger order. 

I'd make the trek again and you should too!
The food is "JUST OK"
 only thing here worth traveling for is the different beers on tap and good conversation


In response to the GM who responded to my review

it's impressive you stand by your staff

But my opinion is my opinion. and I stand by what I wrote... I took shots at no one

But your request that I stay away, will be honored!

Best Wishes
I came here to celebrate my friend's birthday and in the midst of all of our bar hopping we ended up stumbling upon Franklins and what a great stumble it was! We really enjoyed ourselves. Franklins is a nice size bar that offers good food, chilled atmosphere and great music for those who are in their late 20's and 30's

When we arrived it was somewhat a good amount of people there. Its basically a large space with TV's that all had sports on. They also had a dj that played some good music it was definitely on and poppin lol! Our waitress was very friendly, my friend ordered a vodka and pineapple juice and since I love drinks with coconut I asked if she could make something with coconut in it and she told me she'll whip something special up and that she did. My drink was delicious it reminded me of the islands! 

The food was also good and it came out hot! I ordered the short rib grilled cheese, tomato soup and tater tots. I have to say that grilled cheese was one of the best sandwiches I had. The bread was crispy and buttery, the meat was flavorful and it was ooey gooey cheesy, it literally got better with each bite. The tator tots was crispy with the right amount of seasoning and my soup was just good.  My friend also thought her food was good as well.

 Overall in the words of Guy Fieri I was definitely on the road to flavortown at Franklins. I will definitely come back to enjoy their good food, music and atmosphere and you should too!
Whup. I think the Troegs day has switched from Tuesdays to Thursdays, and if I'm still correct Monday has this ridic 50 cent wing night (which is my favoritest thing because their wings are DELECTABLE) ... but there's always something special going on at Franklin's so you should just head on in and see for yourself!
Get the short rib grilled cheese.  It is amazing.  Good spot, has activities, good beer, and close to my house.
By far the best wings I've ever had are from here. The buffalo sauce is perfect and the wings are actually have meat on them! 

During the summer they also have a crab quesadilla which if I had to choose one thing to eat forever it would be that! Hands down the best quesadilla I've ever tasted. It should definitely be on the menu everyday during the summer and not just as a special.
The place where franklin's stands now, has been playing russian roulette as a lot of earlier tenants have come and gone, but i hope franklin's is here to stay ! It's quite a laid back neighborhood  place with bunch of screens where u can even catch ur favorite teams play.

I don't know how long the deal is gonna last , but franklin's has the best happy hour deals on this side of the Schuylkill ! A lot of juicy 0.25 cent wings we gorged upon ferociously whilst trying to pay attention to the bingo numbers being called out in the background , on once a Wednesday. 

With a tonne of seating and an uber friendly staff  that goes along with a solid beer choices and a bunch of well drinks on the cheap , Franklin's certainly makes for one helluva night out in the burbs of east falls ...
Great little sports bar with cool games like ski ball, basketball, hockey, and darts. I got a mixed drink that was served in way too small a glass tho :( Pretty nice beer selection tho :) Big seating area in other room and a nice roomy outside patio/deck, but the view is of train tracks but whatevs
It's a real shame.  Franklin's has all the potential in the world to be a great spot, but somehow they always manage to mess it up for themselves. The building has been switching owners and names for ages now. 5 different bars have been there in under 15 years which is starting to make me think the place is cursed!

The atmosphere is pretty relaxed, the beer selection is top notch and the bar games they have are a blast to challenge your friends to...but in the end it comes down to the quality of service and the clientele...and in both cases franklins fails miserably.  From the terrible food, to a handful of very ignorant employees, the people at franklins simply don't know how to appeal to their customers.  Speaking of customers, it's the weirdest combination of obnoxious entitled college kids, neighborhood low lives, and full blown drug dealing gangsters from north Philly. It's like the people that have been flagged from every other bar in a 10 mile radius come here to hang out. The weird crowd spells a recipe for disaster in my opinion and is probably a major contributor to the fights, muggings and robberies that happen there on a fairly routine basis.

I wish the people at Franklin's would get their act together because it has SO MUCH POTENTIAL...but until that place undergoes some serious changes they won't be seeing me back in there.
Well, now that the menu has expanded beyond the bar menu I'm less than impressed.
The food isn't fresh and most of what I've had wasn't even made to order.
The last time we went the service was not good, the food was less than average and the atmosphere is not what I would hope for for family dining.
I wouldn't recommend Franklin's to anyone anymore. In fact I'd encourage friends to go somewhere else.
I wish them all the best, but I won't be back.
my wife and i live down the street from franklins and we have been keeping an eye on its progress and are very excited it has finally opened.

went in last saturday afternoon to watch the temple / psu game and again sunday night to watch the eagles game.  wasnt too busy on saturday so we had a chance to talk to some of the staff and the owner a little bit.  they were all super friendly.  we ordered the french onion soup, the poutine and buffalo fingers and it was all really good.  def love the skee ball and basketball game-  it does make the bar a little noisy but i think it is def worth the trade off.

sun night there was a good sized crowd as expected during football.  staff was still very friendly and didnt seem at all overwhelmed- never had to wait for drinks or food.  we had some kind of burger with guac that was delicious.  tons of tv's so we were able to watch the phils and the eagles at the same time on tv's right near us.  they also have the nfl package so all nfl games are available which is nice.

only down side was the beer list was not huge and contained mostly commercial beers.  would love to see more craft beer or at least more of the local craft beers.  can not wait to go back sometime to hang out on their HUGE deck (too bad its prob too late for an oktoberfest out there).  overall we really enjoyed franklins and are excited for a new bar in the neighborhood.
Franklins is a great local place in my neighborhood.  I love the deck outside on nice days to sit and have a beer and maybe a bite to eat. I have never had anything to eat here that I didn't like. Chicken Caprice is my favorite. Also the Short Rib Grilled Cheese is amazing.  If you are in the mood for good inexpensive food and drinks in a chill atmosphere- go to Franklins.
Different Cheesesteak #898.  Guest Eater Jon O'Connell.  This is a good bar cheesesteak.  It comes with cooper sharp cheese.  Very Cheesey Cheesesteak.  Meat was easy to eat and covered in cheese.  Guest Eater Jon pointed out that cooper sharper is a bit salty.  This was better than, 'I'm at the bar and need something to soak up the alcohol' cheesesteak.  Bonus cheesesteak spring roll video.
My friends and I came here after a Sunday evening climbing session at PRG. When we walked past the bar area to see about outdoor seating, the bartender directed us to sit outside on the back deck and told us he'd be right with us. As soon as we sat down, we all looked at each other and were like "uhh... is he the only person who's working here right now?" It appeared that way, because he took our food and drink orders all while still manning the bar indoors. Not gonna lie, I admire the hustle. Despite his divided attention, he brought out or drinks right away and he brought the food out shortly thereafter. There was a wonderful selection of beers on tap! Diverse and unique options. The pizza I ordered was pretty average, but the fried pickles exceeded expectations for a spot like this. They were thin-cut like fries and super crispy. I wish the pickle:breading ratio was a little higher, though, because I could have used more pickle-y flavor! The space seems great for groups- the main dining room is enormous, not to mention all the seating available on the large deck out back. Hit the spot for some greasy post-climbing grub.
Great Neighborhood bar.  I like the openness and the random diversity of the people it attracts on an given night college kids, neighborhood professionals, to groups of professors that I had a cool time with one night.  I have come for happy hour and also after a night out in center city, it's always the same - cool, friendly staff that overlook your drunk behavior of you and your obnoxious friends...LOL

I like the beer selection, wish they would have more craft beers from the local area.  When I am in the mood to eat, the food is consistently good and I like that it is laid back but on the weekends gets a little rowdy.    In the summer, the outdoor seating is cool.  

If you are in the area - go in have a beer and check out the vibe.
I'll say this place has some killer happy hour specials.  Discounted cheesesteaks and wings on certain nights.  Food came out hot and was tasty.  Great accompaniment to the draft beer selection they had.
The experience was interesting. I went to drink while I drafted a fantasy football team. I walked in and the place was pretty empty, except for the bar itself. I put my stuff on a table and went to grab a drink with my friend. We waited at the bar for probably 5 minutes, no bartender in sight. When she finally arrived, when helped us promptly and got us taken care of. We ordered food and she asked where we severe sitting to make sure she could bring it to us.

In the main dining area, there was another server in the room, but for the first 30 minutes or so that we were in there, I didn't see her get off her phone. As such, we had to go back to the busy bar to get our refills  (we graduated to pitchers in order to save time). I ordered wings to eat. They were good and flavorful, but not great. Overall, a decent experience. I think it could've been better if they amped up the service a bit.
4 stars if for no other reason than everything is so corny/awesome/amurrica.  See: Sloppy George sandwich, Von Steuben Reuben, etc.  I usually hate that kind of stuff but Franklin's menu gave me a really good laugh. 

The service here was great.  Our waitress was a gem.  Very friendly, funny and helpful.  Atmosphere?  Pretty fun because they have a huge deck, fun games (skee ball!!!), multiple bars, and a dining room. 

Franklin's has a killer selection of craft beers on tap and a great selection of bottles, too.  If you like beer and are in East Falls you need to get here.  There was a nice mix of people there.  

I showed up on a Friday at happy hour and they had great deals- including a free buffet?  I didn't indulge but it looked like a lot of soft pretzels and fried goods.  My friend got the reuben and said it was great.  I've heard it can be hit or miss, but he said it was definitely a hit when we were there.

Can't wait to go back!
My husband and I live a few blocks from Franklins. Yesterday was the first time we were really disappointed. We usually save Franklins for nice days when we can go outside and have a beer, but my husband really wanted a burger. We were the only ones in the dining room and were served immediately. However, the dining room still smelled like stale beer. It reminded me of college and the day after a party. It wasn't the most pleasant smell. 

I brought over a high chair and had to wipe it down because it was pretty disgusting. I realize children get them dirty, but they really should be wiped down. The bartender/server did offer to wipe it down for us. Now, I used to be both a server and a bartender, so I realize I am about to get picky here. When we ordered our food, our server chose to sit down with us like we were all buddies. I can't stand that more than anything. Like I said, I am being picky, but we aren't buddies. I am not sure why he felt comfortable enough to sit down with my family. 

The thing that put me over the edge and made me write this review was the fact that I am pretty sure I got food poisoning or at least sick from eating there. I had a burger that was slightly undercooked. I asked for a medium burger. It is partly my fault because I did not mention to them that there was still some pink, but I have eaten a medium rare burger and been fine. I was not fine last night. I spent it in the bathroom. I don't have a sensitive stomach, so this was a very rare occasion. 

I will most likely still go back, but I will stick to the outdoor deck and beers from now on. I really hope they clean the restaurant a little better so they don't keep on attracting just college kids. There are plenty of young families in this neighborhood from whom they could receive plenty of business.
Franklin's, Franklin's. What are you doing?!?! The food used to be pretty damn good. Very good selection of your typical bar foods (burgers, cheesesteaks, chicken sandwiches, wings, fries, etc.) A few months ago the owner decided to change the entire menu. They got rid of cheesesteaks and nachos. If you ask me, I'd say they're two very important menu items for a bar to have. The new menu pretty much just has burgers, chicken sandwiches, a few appetizers and some sort of calzone/stromboli. Not to mention, they upped the prices and do NOT give you french fries with your sandwiches anymore. So the $8 chicken sandwich that used to include fries is now $10 and only includes these oily potato straws. If you want to add fries it's another $2 bringing the $8 chicken sandwich to $12. It also seems like they lowered their portion sizes. Overall, it seems like the owner is struggling for money and now trying to squeeze his customers. I work and live close by so I used to love going here but with the new menu and the higher beer prices I will not be back. 

 Bring back the old menu, lower your beer prices a little and you will get more business. The new menu sucks.
I gotta say this is the my second time here and I really like it like the the first time I was here. I had a excellent experience. The staff was very nice in my opinion. The food in my was great.. Even the French Onion soup that the girl next to me ordered looked good. It's a very nice place and I recommend this place. I can't wait til the warmer months so I can enjoy the patio. The place is  very spacious and it is a nice crowd of people on a Friday night. I didn't get a chance to meet the owner/manager like the Yelp reviews say. But overall I really like this place.
I'm keeping this at a four, but it is within shooting distance of a five.

Same great beer selection and overall positive attitude. The burger I had this time was much better than the previous burger. 

The manager, Dave, came over to us and talked with us for about an hour about his goals here and in the neighborhood. He seems to be truly involved, interested, and driven to turn Franklin's into a quality place that no longer has the college crowd. If you get to talk to him, you will hear great stories from a pretty cool guy who loves his job.

If you have an issue, bring it up because Dave only wants to improve his restaurant. I said earlier that it wasn't in contention of being that go-to spot, but it definitely is now.
I love, love, love this place.  Great food, excellent beer selection, friendly people.  And it's just around the corner from me!
Excellent selection of beers - especially if you're into IPAs. Pretty good bar food...I mean, it all tastes the same after a few beers anyway. Great parking situation with probably 50 or 100 spaces between their own lot and plentiful street parking. Plus, it's stumbling distance to the train station in case you've had too many and need to head home.
Really salty pretzels and I didn't like how the manager spoke to our waitress
I've gone to this place 3 times in 3 weeks. The 1st time I went on a Tuesday and my family and I got the chicken cheesesteak special. The food was really good and our waiter was cool. The 2nd and 3rd time we went on Monday for their $.50 wing special. The wings were ok, definitely not great, and the waitresses on both occasions were a hot mess, talking fast and loud and just plopping the menus and straws on the table. I can't take dealing with crackheadish behavior from waitstaff sooo my family and I will probably not visit a 4th time. Too bad we didn't get the same service our last 2 visits as we did during our 1st time. My fiancé and I were really excited about telling our friends about this spot after our first visit but we completely changed our minds after our last 2 visits...sad because this place has potential.
We got there a little after 10 pm, & ordered chicken fingers for dinner, and then cheese cake & chocolate cake for dessert. Chicken fingers were freshly made & reasonably priced ($8), and the cakes were yummy, but the best part was the homemade whipped cream. The cheese cake came with Chambord whipped cream, and the chocolate cake (which was incredibly rich) came with Amaretto whipped cream. Both were amazing! 

I had vodka Cosmos (which were delicious), and few different beers. the drinks were reasonably priced, and they had a good selection of beers (including my favorite, Stella). The atmosphere was fun- they had a dj & football on most of the TVs there, and it was kinda loud, but it still felt like a neighborhood bar. The staff were very friendly and attentive. Needless to say, we will definitely be returning soon!
Bingo. Beer skeeball and quizzo. What!? Fun place. Food is pretty good. Eat outside in warm weather with your dog! Its gets pretty bro though during school season. Love it in the summer though.
The three stars is because the have a half decent beer list. The food is worth two. I ate it, but definitely wouldn't place the same order again. 

I got the Buffalo chicken tenders with tots. The tots were freezer burned. The tenders were fine. It is a large portion for six bucks, but I don't think worth it. 

I'd say if you go, be sure you just plan to drink.
Love this bar, always has a drink special and entertainment every week like karaoke and quizzo. Food is great, roast beef sandwich is mind-blowing. Just beware of Friday nights, it's college night and PACKED.
I really want to give Franklin's 3.5 stars but considering I've given In Riva and other neighborhood restaurants 4 stars, I had to round down. 

Pros/"Yay!":

Literally 3 blocks from my house. But convenient parking lot for those who need it.

Ice cold air conditioning (it is amazing with this humid heat wave summer!)

Spacious layout- two bars and large dining space and nice sized patio outside. 

Large plasma TVs everywhere - perfect for Philly sports.

Specials - they always have a couple good drink ones and they do FREE food on Friday happy hours...like a legit buffet! Hands down favorite was the fried chicken. They also place large baskets of soft pretzels at the bar. 

Nice staff- I am not a regular per se but my fiance and I are in there often enough that we are at least recognized and taken care of as regulars-ish. Funny thing is that we are not quite there enough for us to always remember names and vice versa. 

They have poutine - cheese curds and gravy over fries. More of a winter time comfort food but cool they have it. Other favorites are the quesadillas (hearty portion) and the chicken Caesar salad (chicken is something I am SO weary of at restaurants but it came our charred and juicy and flavorful) and finally, the Turkey club and the wings. 

They have a good juke box and they play the music as loud as I want it!

Cons/"Meh": 
The decor or ambiance- now let me preface this by saying that they've tried to make it charming and cozy and unique and I do enjoy all of the George Washington framed paintings and the local photographer framed art of East Falls. Maybe it's simply all the space they have to work with but I don't love the dining area...at all. It makes me want to opt for the bar every time. 


I've had subpar food there. Dishes I recall being less than delicious were the veal parm sandwich and the worst was the salmon wrap (almost no flavor at all, uncooked black beans...still wondering why I didn't send it back) and both times I've ordered burgers medium or medium rare they've come fully cooked and on a cold bun.  Sucks because I want to get creative and keep trying things on the menu but it's hit or miss sometimes. 

Noise level - the open space lends itself to semi-hollow sounding chatter, especially in the back bar. I personally don't mind it but don't come on a busy night expecting a quiet beer or dinner. 

The damn skee ball and basketball games in the back bar are loud as hell! I'm all for games like that accessible to patrons but again, with the acoustics of the place it is like a big joke when someone goes to play and it's annoyingly loud. 

Bottom line, discerning Yelpers may at first enter and be less than blown away by Franklin's but the more I'm there, the more I appreciate what the owner has already accomplished and continues to work to do: to create an atmosphere where anyone (and I mean anyone) from our neighborhood can frequent this place, feel welcome and enjoy a game and a solid bite to eat. I dig it and I'm glad they are here.
I was stuck waiting for my car that was being fixed last week it was pretty hot out and I had my dog so we stopped here for lunch on the patio. Everyone here was really friendly and the service was great! Someone (manager/owner?) moved a fan over for us and the server brought a bowl of water a few minutes before they even opened. The nachos were huge and really good and there is an awesome selection of beer as well. We will definitely be coming back for all the great drink specials! Thank you guys!
Slowly becoming regulars here after moving into the neighborhood last month. Great selection of local beers and the food is consistently awesome (favorites are the Mahi Mahi Tacos, Sweet Bourbon Hot Sauce Wings, Chile Nachos, and of course the TOTS!) Their weekend brunch is also good. Reasonable prices. Nice bartenders (especially Kim!). We will keep coming back because they never disappoint!
I moved to East Falls in November, (around the same time as Franklin's opened) and ever since Franklin's has been my go-to bar/restaurant.  It was an easy choice for me because (a) it's in walking distance, (b) it takes credit cards (yes, there are bars around here that are cash only), and (c) it by far has the best atmosphere out of any of the surrounding bars.

After reading some other people's reviews, it's important to realize that Franklin's is a fairly new establishment.  Not that is ever an excuse for poor service or bad food, (neither of which I have experienced) but they are definitely feeling out the neighborhood, and being flexible so that their customers have the best time possible.  They have a wide enough selection of food and drink to make you feel comfortable whether you're looking for something fancy, or you just have a hankering for some fried delights.  Their menu has grown and changed, as have their drink specials, and happy hour, however, there is ALWAYS a food or drink special.  Literally. Always.  They have been super creative with their specials centered around Philadelphia sports, which gives you a reason to park your tail in a bar stool and enjoy the entirety of a game.

Suffice to say, I am a regular at Franklin's.  Even if I lived a little further away, the HUGE parking lot makes it a no-brainer, and it's a much more comfortable environment than the other alternatives (ie, Manayunk).  The service is great, as is the food, and the surroundings.  I wish I had more hands so I could give Franklin's four thumbs up! POW! POW! POW!
Last night devours lead me to Franklin's in East Falls Philadelphia PA. Franklins is a East Falls hotspot. Especially known for its happy hour, karaoke nights, & dope vibes. It's a very mixed crowd which is really good! Franklins also has the best of both worlds. One side is for sports watchers and the other side is for partygoers. They also have an outside deck that is really fun during the summer months. While here, we ordered they're famous crab fries. They came with American cheese, a lot of lumped crabmeat, topped with scallions and Old Bay seasoning. The first bite is like an explosion of flavor. They are really good and really worth trying. We also ordered the mussels that came in their butter, garlic, and wine sauce. They were also topped with scallions and Parmesan cheese. This is the first time I've ever tried mussels with Parmesan cheese on top; and I must say it's quite an experience. They were good but they can hold the cheese for next time lol . If you ever find yourself wanting a good turn up and great food at a East Falls food spot with a great vibe? Definitely check out Franklin's and don't forget to tell them that shimmy sent you! #happyhour #food #foodie #frenchfries #crab #mussels #musselsandfries #philadelphia #philly #foodphotography #foodporn #foodgasm #cheese #bread #toast #butter
Solid pub. The space is roomy enough for crowds during game night, and the bar area has quite a variety of draft and liquor. 

I was in the area on a Sunday for brunch and, unsurprisingly, this place was empty. With that said, despite the initial confusion (no one was around at the front), it was quite nice having surround TVs and speedy service! 

We got the breakfast burger and a plate of wings. Both were good and the portions were quite generous. The burger comes with a fried egg on top; nothing spectacular but filling. The standout was the accompanying load of perfectly fried tater tots. Wings were fine - not bad and came hot and juicy. 

I can't attest to how it is during busy times, but our waitress was friendly and there was nothing not to like!
Franklins is kinda like that bar in the show "how I met your mother"- not because it is well lit, but in the fact that it's THE SPOT people go to meet up with their group of friends. 

Franklins has some of the best deals ever! That's one of the reasons I like it. It can get pretty rowdy on busy nights, but it's pretty spacious considering most bars I've been to.  They have music, a bit of a dance floor, games, and tvs. The food is not the greatest, but people really go for the drinks all the bar tenders seem to really know their stuff and are incredibly helpful if you are one of those people who don't know exactly what you want. 

Overall, I'd say going to this place is like visiting your old tree fort from when you were a kid- comfortable and priceless!
The food was good. I got to taste their seafood Mac and cheese and it was really tasty. I would say that I feel like their drinks are really watered down. Me and my friends ordered a double and it tasted really sweet and very minimal liquor inside of the drink
Nothing like walking in to an empty bar/restaurant and having all the staff just stare at you, but not otherwise acknowledge you...The food ended up being pretty decent, but the service was horrible.  We had to wait a long time for a server to come over, to then come back with menus, the food, and the check.  Mind you there were about 10 servers/bartenders and only 6 customers.  

To top the experience off, we watched our server pet a dog and the dog lick her hands.  We then saw her walk inside and immediately come back out with our food.  No way she could have washed her hands!  There was another server busing the table next to us, flinging drinks over the balcony.  

I would never come back and would only recommend this place to college students.  It's a shame because the place could have potential if they fixed up the deck area and trained the staff.
Franklin's is a neat place that has plenty of tv's, some room to cut a rug and two bars serving up the drinks.  This used to be a local watering hole for us but since we moved to the burbs we feel a nostalgic pull if we ever find our way to East Falls.  They have good drink specials and the prices are good so long as you're drinking what is on special if you catch my drift.  Food is fairly standard, cool outside deck area too bad smokers make it unbearable to breathe.  Be sure to pay attention to the 1 way streets because you can drive for 5 minutes and be close to Franklins but never get to the parking lot.
I've been to Franklin's twice- my birthday, and more recently this past December for my jobs holiday party. There was a buffet, the linguin and sausage were the tastiest. The chicken was pretty bland oh and the mashed potatoes were good too. We had a karaoke machine and several of my coworkers were singing. I think the karaoke added a very nice touch to the party. The drinks were good as well, and the dj was able to keep the party going. All in all I would defiantly visit Franklin's again for a third time-there burgers and tater tots are quite delicious too!
Franklins you are so bad!!! We have gone to you a lot the past 4 years and every time is worse than the previous but today was our last day. We came in, sat a table and no servers came. We did not see one server and the place wasn't busy....  I went to the bar to get our menus and asked for four waters. No waters came and after 15 minutes we left. This is the third time this has happened where we wait a ridiculous amount of time for shitty service and cold food. After this happened we walked down the street to Billy Murphys and immediately were given menus and super friendly service. The food was 100x better and not overpriced like Franklins either. Not sure why we kept going there, but we gave you enough chances and are happy to have moved on.
