Francos has great food but Tony who works there is a terrible person. Franco himself called me out of the blue and said he had a letter from his merchant services saying I accused them of a fraudulent charge (mind you it was Franco's how decided it was me). I told Franco that I had no idea what he was talking about and I tried to help remedy the situation. I called my bank twice and 3way called with Franco himself twice so my bank could tell him that I never opened any claim or made any report against him. Franco and I ended the phone call on good terms and I told him if he needed anything to let me know. Fast forward two days and tony who apparently manages called my wife angry and abusive to the point she was in tears over this. 

Be advised to stick to cash or another restaurant because none of this made sense to me at all. Getting a pizza for dinner one night turned into over an hour on the phone and an abusive phone call. Mind you if I did call and report fraud how did I then continue using my card with no issue and also use it at Franco's again?
My favorite pizza spot in this neighborhood!

I live within 5 blocks so I only ever get pick-up. People inside and on the phone are friendly and to the point. The (2) free garlic knots with every order are delicious. 

I usually get the Bianca (a white pie w/ spinach), the Franco's special (has a ton of roasted garlic, may be too much for some) and recently got the Brooklyn Pizza which is now my favorite. 

Some other pies I've had are the baked ziti, the buffalo (mozzarella) pizza, and the plain. I wasn't a huge fan of the baked ziti (too much stuff on a slice/too heavy for me but still delicious), and the buffalo was a lack luster version of the Brooklyn. The plain pizza was good but not where they really shine!
The delivery driver is fantastic but the owner of this establishment has no consideration for the patrons of his business.

We ordered: 3 pizzas: 1 bbq chicken pizza, 1 pepperoni and 1 cheese and 30 wings. 
What arrived: 1 buffalo chicken, 2 cheese, 30 wings

When we called to report the error the first thing the OWNER asked was if we touched them and said that we must have ordered buffalo chicken bc the person would have asked us if we wanted onions if we ordered correctly. (As if we would know that) when asked what happened to the pepperoni, he claimed they must have made a mistake. So they could make one mistake but not two? He immediately said that they would collect the pizzas from us, "don't touch them". When told that his customer service was terrible the owner replied stating that his food is good so It didn't matter. 

20 mins later the correct order arrived. The customer service that was shown to us tonight was a blatant disregard for the business' future. The pizza might be decent but what good is that if half of your order is wrong??
Compared to the other places in the neighborhood, this is bottom level. Always rude on the phone, standard pizza but nothing special. Bad delivery too. last straw was ordering a pie for delivery, calling over an hour later to find out it hadn't even gone out yet. Cancelled. Try one of the other 50 places in the area.
Ordered the margharita pizza. Showed up without basil. Called to complain & the owner said it was no big deal, and unapologetically added 'it's a tasteless herb.' True story. Done with that place. Got a refund & the owner said I wasn't allowed to order again. Sorry for wanting what I actually ordered!
The food is moderately good, but kind of on the expensive end for a corner store restaurant. This guy gets a lot of clients so he can afford to hike up prices. He's an old-school Italian dude, who likes to complain about his personal life a lot and is always in a groggy mood. I think his staff emulates him because they're all almost as rude and impolite with customers. 

He took his anger out on me once because I used a $20 bill to pay for a $7 something meal. I tried smoothing things over with him saying I was sorry in Italian, and he literally responded to me: "Excuse me, are you Italian? No. So you talk English to me." Well ok Franco, I take your point, but I speak Italian better than you speak English. Sorry for trying, though. "I'm just trying to apologize," I said. He kept blabbering on in half intelligible sentences until I left the store with my slice of pizza in hand, wondering how on Earth that even escalated so quickly. That was the last straw for me.

In an earlier instance, one evening I saw Franco complaining about his wife and saying all sorts of mean things about her to a client that just walked in and was waiting for his order. "I get up 7 in the mornin come here and make pizza all night. She sit on her ass watchin tv," he screamed. The poor customer looked so uncomfortable; he didn't know how to respond. I couldn't help but laugh, but I made sure to stay out of that "conversation". 

I'm giving the place two stars because the food is a bit expensive and the customer service is... well... what customer service? I can understand Franco's attitude. He's old, he's is old-school Italian. He's authentic, not trying to be anything else and I guess that's refreshing to find someone that's actually Italian in a pizzeria. But what I don't get is what's up with the attitude these 20-30 year old females have when taking orders in person or over the phone? Someone needs to talk some sense to them. This is a pizzeria, not your parents' Fishtown row house. Go to school and learn some manners.
We were really excited to try Franco's and at first glance it looked like it lived up to the hype. Free garlic knots and all. But inside a caesar salad we found something else we didn't order- a moth. Too many great pizza places in the area to order here again.
I ordered food from them and the COVID-19 guidelines says they should be wearing mask. Well to my surprise when I entered the shop the patron in front of me had no mask on at all and the workers weren't wearing mask. I felt so uncomfortable I left without my order. It's a shame because I love their pizza.
I have been coming here for years and the quality and service has steadily declined over the past few months. I have given repeated "second chances" but am always disappointed. Although it may seem like a small request, they never put salt and pepper on the fries as directed. In addition, a hair was found in one of my sandwiches. Finally, I have begun to ask for my pizza well done because it is always undercooked. Even when I ask for well done it is undercooked and I wind up putting it in my oven to fully cook. I understand that it is just a neighborhood pizza place but the quality of the food sub par at best.
Cheap good eats. When you are hammered drunk, get the bacon cheesesteak! For pizza I LOVE their four cheese (Quattro Formaggi). Oh and the food tases just as good when you are sober! Fast and friendly delivery.

Happy to have Franco's in the Kenzo hood.

Cheers,

Darth
Prices are wrong in all internet listings. 3 apps cost close to $30. The girl behind the counter curses at the cooks constantly. Makes for an awkward transaction. Food has a lot of garlic which is good if you love garlic. There are many places in our great neighborhood that are nicer and less ghetto than this place. Overall food is fair, and staff needs customer service lessons.  Prices could be cheaper for what you get.
Fishtown Pizza Gem!  I'm a NY/NJ lady, and Italian at that... I'm a snob for pizza, and my natural complaining goes a little like this...

"Philadelphia pizza isn't pizza, the water is all wrong, and it doesn't taste right"

....Franco's thank you for proving my stubborn heart wrong.  Woot Woot!
We stopped at Franco's while in the neighborhood yesterday. I've heard some good things so I figured why not. At first glance it's your simple corner pizza shop. We ordered 2 slices and 2 sodas, it came to roughly $10.00

The slices weren't warmed up because the counter girl said they were still warm. After the first bite and being in the car, they weren't warm enough. The sauce to cheese ratio was spot on. The sauce a bit in the sweet side. The crust was delicious, it was crispy but soft. Overall it was a decent slice. It was a bit thicker then I prefer and could have been warmer. I would stop back in but wouldn't make a special trip.
Franco's is the perfect neighborhood pizza shop.  The pizza is actually really good...I had the Franco Special and it was great.  We also tried a plain stromboli.  It was good, but I'd like to try mushroom next time.  The sauce is drinkable, crust is thin, and toppings are fresh.  No frozen spinach here!!  

They throw in a few complimentary garlic knots, which is awesome.
If you live in Fishtown/Kensington - this is the place for pizza. My husband and I have tried so many pizza places in an effort to find pizza that satisfies a pizza craving (Santucci's, Rustica, Cassizzi's, Key, Renzi's...) but some are either too fancy, too greasy, too soft, too garlicy, the list goes on.

Franco's has PIZZA. Good, predictable, pizza. It tastes like pizza, it looks like pizza, and it's not expensive. It's not greasy. It's not floppy. It's not impossible to bite into. It's our go-to pizza joint, and it's the best pizza you'll find around the neighborhood.

Plus they give you free garlic knots when you order a pie. They're reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeally garlic-y, but super delicious.
I like pizza, but I'm not in Love with it. This pizza shop with make you LOVE pizza. This place is so good that I went twice in one week. Yup, it was that good! (not good for the waist, but so good in my mouth and belly)

Now, as you can tell from some of my other reviews that I'm a HUGE meat person. This is one of the places where I can eat a plain cheese pizza and be completely satisfied. The cheese pizza is to die for. The cheese has that string when you bite into it! Now, you may think that "string" is weird, but to me, it means that they use very fresh cheese and it was melted perfectly. It's also the type of pizza that when you watch someone eat it and see the "string," you drool! As for the sauce, seasoned with love. Hahaha. They put the right amount on and it doesn't weigh down the pizza making it all soft.

If you are in the mood for meat, go for the Polpette Pizza. It's topped with their meatballs, which to me, taste homemade. Yum! If you want simple, yet a little more than just plain, grab the Brooklyn. It's a square pizza topped with Mozzerella cheese, basil, and tomato. If you do order this, make sure you give them time because it takes over half hour to make.

Overall: Come grab a pie. You will not be dissappointed. I can't wait to go back!
I'll never order from them again. The quality of the food has been in decline. When they opened, they were fantastic. Now the food is just so-so. I called tonight for a delivery, and the girl on the phone was so exceptionally rude, I promptly tore up the menu when I was off the phone. She spoke to me like I was a horrendous inconvenience for calling, as if I somehow was out of line for ordering a pizza from a pizza store. The delivery took about an hour (more than double the average delivery time for every other neighborhood store), and the cost was astronomically out-of-whack for the quality of the food. Giving this spot an F is generous. Fix your menu, fix your customer service, improve your delivery times, and get a price list that's commiserate with your quality.
This review is being written after giving Franco's a few more tries after a bad experience. I've decided that's enough chances, especially with all the new pizza places in the area. 
The first bad experience I had was when I had placed an order and called back to ask for extra cheese.  I was charged $3 for extra cheese. Enough said.
The second and third bad experiences were similar to each other in that the food had gone down in quality. I.e. the broccoli was gritty, tomatoes seemed old...
This last time I got a white pie with tomatoes and arugula. There was obviously no effort put into it, the tomatoes again were old and flavorless, and the wilted arugula was cooked into the pie. I may be wrong, but I thought it was a given that you don't cook the arugula but add it at the end like a garnish. It's just too bad because I used to think they had great pizza. Next time I will get a frozen kashi.
I'm literally at a loss for words. We've ordered from them about a dozen times. No matter what I have from pasta dishes like the Palermo (broccoli, red peppers, and angel hair pasta), chicken dishes, big salads (Elaine style from Seinfeld), or pizza (specialty or run of the mill) it is consistently awesome. If you order a basic cheese pizza you will be blown away by the taste. They get it just right. Call them. Now.
The food is still really good....but I have to drop them a star as the girl(s) that answer the phone are really freaking rude and are terrible at their jobs.

I get really aggro when I call there anymore as they don't listen and you have to repeat what you want a minimum of three times....because they'll ask you twice, then say "please hold" and come back a short while later to have to ask you again. 

I suggest that the ownership look into this ASAP as there are plenty of other really good places to eat in Fishtown/Kenzo now. 

They might try calling Central Pizza on Girard to order something and see how a real pro takes delivery orders on the phone. 

-Darth out!
Trying to find a decent, local pizza spot in Fishtown that doesn't require pre-ordering your dough or waiting in a long line has been a struggle since I moved to the neighborhood about 6 months ago.

After a late night recommendation from a friend, we ordered a plain pizza from Franco's. The woman on the phone asked us to confirm that we knew it was the Franco's in Fishtown and proceeded to tell us that our pizza was ready & we could come get it immediately!! 

The plain pizza is thin crust with a nice ratio of sauce to cheese. 

The next day, my boyfriend and I were slightly hungover and decided to order from Franco's again, this time ordering a Franco's special pizza and a sausage pie.

The Franco's special is a garlic lover's dream with whole cloves of roasted garlic, fresh spinach, mozzarella and spoonfuls of sauce. Could use a bit more sauce next time.

The Sausage pizza was also delicious, but a bit greasy. This is understandable considering the type of meat.

Overall, we were very impressed and will be making Franco's our local pizza spot.
Food is amazing but horrible delivery the heavy set one with the coke bottle glasses and what looked like his brain was on the outside of his head actually tried to touch my penis I could've killed the guy never again!!
I think this is an example of a real Yelp success moment!  My boyfriend is *extremely* picky about ordering pizza from the usual neighborhood places, and I'm even more of a pizza-snob than he is, so we're always searching for "the" pizza place.  We're not looking for fancy frou-frou ingredients...just a delicious crust that's not too dough-y, not too thin & has that perfect crisp/soft balance; a tasty, well-seasoned sauce; a good sauce to cheese ratio; and toppings that are not overwhelming nor underwhelming.  Well we've found exactly that at Franco's!! 
 
We did a Yelp search & after reading "Nathan S" & "Michael M" 's reviews, (and of course the other glowing comments), we gave Franco's a call and ordered a large Quattro Formaggi with  1/2 pepperoni.  This was perfect & delicious!!  & the complimentary garlic knots are a lovely added bonus - light, buttery, & pleasantly seasoned.  Even our re-heated leftover slices were delicious the next day.  I think we've found our new favorite pizza place!  We agree with Nathan S... "Call them.  Now."
NY style pizza. Great crust, great toppings. Speedy service.

My wife and I moved to fishtown about a year ago. One of my priorities was finding a good pizza place. I have always lived in the Manhattan suburbs of Jersey and Brooklyn, so good pizza has never been too hard to find for me. Well, I tried place after place. Some places had low quality, canned or frozen veggies and toppings, others were so focused on creative and gourmet toppings that they forgot to make sure the pizza tasted good and was cooked well.

   About 3 months of searching went by and I almost gave up hope, when I discovered Franco's. The specialty pies looked interesting and I gave them a try. What followed was an emotional experience for me.
  First, all the things that I missed about pizza back home were represented in this slice. The thin, hand tossed crust that has to be folded or supported for the first few bites and has a slight hint of savory flavor to it. The sauce was spot on! Savory and fresh. Showcasing everything that is wonderful about simple marinara!
  Second was the toppings. Growing up my family always ordered Eggplant and garlic. What usually came was thin sliced, breaded eggplant and chopped garlic. I love that. This, however came with big chunks of fresh eggplant and whole cloves of garlic, both roasted to perfection. I'm telling you it was beautiful.

  About the toppings. I rarely order from the gourmet section of the pizza menu. I like the more traditional toppings. Keep the ranch dressing off my pizza please. Ranch is for pizza that tastes like shit. Francos Gourmet selections will not disappoint. I keep trying new ones. My favorite is the Arugala. Fresh arugala covering a pie with marinara, mozzarella, prosciutto and tomatoes. This pie has loads of arugala on it. The spicy bitterness of the greens paired with the salty fattiness of the prosciutto is a match made in heaven.
My husband and I order from Franco's all the time! One of the better pizza places in this neighborhood. We love their wings and their "Brooklyn" pizza, which is essentially a margarita pizza but square, at least that's how I would describe it. We've also had their cheesesteaks and calzones and both were decent. Not a huge fan of their salads but no biggie...this is a pizza joint after all. More recently, I also tried their turkey club sandwich and it was AMAZING! One of the best turkey clubs I've eaten. It's HUGE and comes with coleslaw and a large bag of fries...all for under $8. If you are in the area and looking for some good pizza and wings, I highly recommend Franco's. 

P.S. I always seem to get free garlic knots with my delivery order which is a bonus because they are delicious!
I can't give this place enough stars!!! I recently found out I'm allergic to gluten which is extremely annoying and is something I thought was more of a fad... not an actual medical problem. Well I was wrong but it's really hard for me to order food anywhere. I ordered the chicken orteleno and said I couldn't eat gluten. I didn't know the chicken was fried in flower so when I got my meal I couldn't eat it. I called and told them I didn't know the chicken was fried in flower and they said they would make me a new one and we're extremely kind about it. A lot of places wouldn't be that nice and it was delivered right away and even the delivery guy apologized about the mess up. I know this is a small gesture but I appreciate it so much and on top of it the food was delicious. You've got a lifetime customer out of me. Thank you again!
They got my order wrong  I specifically ordered a cheeseburger hoagie with extra cheese and mayo and tomato only.. it came with shredded lettuce I called to tell them and was told "what do you want us to do about it  - its partly your fault I said it comes with lettuce and tomato" I responded that when i said mayo and tomato ONLY that would signify no other things were to be on this sandwich and I would like my order to be fixed and I should get what I paid for to which she replied "just pick it  off". Virtually impossible to picked shredded lettuce out of melted cheese and mayo.  Worst customer service I have ever experienced bad attitude. I ordered from here mimimum twice a week I will never again   I recommend this restaurant to no one the quality of food is good but the attitude to a repeat customer is horrible
The best delivery pizza in the fishtown area. Always comes sooner than they say it will. We always get the plain pie and I personally prefer it to pizza brain, which is too expensive and takes forever in delivery. Their delivery guy even gave us tips for how to make our AC unit run more efficiently!
Food- Very very good! Pasta, pizza, and shrimp were all impressive. Very large portions, we were stuffed afterwards! The only negative is they didnt take the skin tails off any of the shrimp.. so it became a sloppy buffalo/alfredo mess.

Service- We ordered Uber eats and the wait time and service when we picked up were great.

Atmosphere- I didn't go inside so cant speak to this but it looked super duper small local spot.
The husband and I have ordered here a handful of times. I usually get a cheesesteak and they are the best I've had in the area. The pizza, however, is EXCELLENT! 

The only bad thing I have to say is stay away from the "italian" hoagies. It was terrible. They didn't even know what a long hot was. Stick with the pizza, you won't be disappointed.
I'm giving this place 5 stars because I have lived in Fishtown for 5 years and this place is hands down the best pizza. They have good sandwiches too, but we mostly order the pies. I love a lot of their "gourmet pizza" selections like the Franco's Special, portobello pizza, primavera, and BBQ chicken. I personally think their red sauce is pretty awesome. I agree the sauce definitely beats the crust (Key Pizza has better crust), but the selection and overall pizza is far superior. So, if you're new to the area or just haven't given Franco's a try, hopefully this review makes you give it a chance.
Typical pizza place menu, but they have the ultimate upside down pizza. I've tried a handful of toppings, but it's my favorite in town.
Franco's excels at what it does - just a great neighborhood pizza spot. I've hit them for pickup and delivery probably 20 or so times in the 3ish years I've been living in Kensington. 

It's not mindblowing food but it's executed so consistently and so solidly that it deserves top marks as a business. I've enjoyed everything I've gotten - pizza, sandwiches, everything is on point.

The free garlic knots with every pie lock that rating down, those knots are hella tight.
My fiancé and I have always loved Franco's, specifically their chicken parm sandwiches. However, now I'm even more impressed with the people who work there than I am with the food. I accidentally dropped my car keys, along with some trash, into the dumpster right after I picked up my food. They spent the better part of ten minutes helping me fish the keys out when there was no need for them to do so. They were so exceptionally kind to me, and I'll always be appreciative!
Got the Pollo Margherita, it was excellent. This is absolutely going to be my new neighborhood place. Some local competitors are really into super thin crust - cool if that's your thing, but it's not really my thing. I'd rather finish a slice of pie and feel like I have something substantial in my belly. This totally did the trick! Delivery came fast and hot, so I will definitely be back.
They definately deserve 5 Stars!! This is my absolute go to spot for pizza. I have gone back plenty of times already and each time, they just keep getting better and better. They are by far the best cheese pizza I've ever had in my life. And the brooklyn pizza is also AMAZING!

Last night, husband and I were craving pizza and first place that came to mind was Franco's. I called in the order (Polpette pizza which has meatballs, mozzerella, tomato, and cheese) while we were driving home from work and just went there to pick it up. While waiting for the final preps, we ordered a slice of cheese pizza and it was Heaven on a plate and in my mouth. Dough was nice and crispy, not burnt like other places I've been. The sauce and the cheese were also perfect. They put the right amount of sauce where it didn't make the pizzza soaggy, and the cheese had that wonderful stringyness freshness to it. Once the pizza ( was finished, we took the box into our car and opened it up to look at it. Oh boy, we were so excited that we took a meatball off and ate it. Again, I felt like I had an orgasm. Hahaha! Once we got home, we dug into the pie right away. Soo good.

Just go here! You won't be dissappointed.
I love Franco's!  For many months it has been my go to Sunday night order when I'm watching TV.  Everything (pizza, strombolis, sandwiches, platters, wings).  Always ready in 20 minutes, always comes with yummy garlic knots!

Bonus points for the older gentleman (Franco?) who's always in there watching TV.  Reminds me of my childhood in south philly.
One of the best local pizza joints around.

Sometimes they do stuff like slather mayo on a hoagie when I clearly didn't ask for it, but overall - the pizza is delicious, the garlic knots are heavenly, the hoagies are HUGE, and you will not be disappointed by ordering from here. Definitely pick Franco's over some of the other local pizza places.
This is my go to pizza place! Their pizzas and hoagies are delicious & fairly prizes , pretty quick delivery too !
I would give 4 stars for the food, but as another reviewer noted, their customer service is seriously lacking. Woman who picks up phone orders seems annoyed and is unhelpful. Also, they nickel and dime you: $0.50 for mayo- lettuce - tomato. Very inconsistent with offering complementary garlic nots, too.
Pretty damn good pizza in Port-Fishing-Ton.  When we bought our house, there was a pizza place in this spot, but it closed shortly after we moved in.

So we spent the next 2 years getting pizza here and there - not really loving any single place.

Then in the fall 2009, Francos opened. YAY!  The pizza is always great and is well priced.  They have a pretty extensive menu and have always been pleased.  The chicken fingers are especially good and are 2 plus meals for me.  The deserts are good, but are a touch overpriced.     

Franco is a pretty nice guy - I usually walked down to get our pizza and often bring our pup.  He doesn't mind if I bring him in and has even given him a snack.  Too cute.
Why am I only just now finding this place?!  We've been ordering Trios Trattoria for the past 2 years because we thought it was the only decent delivery in the area.  We were missing out.  

This isn't gourmet but it is GOOD.  It tastes like take-out pizza should taste.  And it's affordable, which is why I'm giving it 4 stars.
The other day I ordered a large pizza, half pepperoni half roasted garlic. As I opened the box I was greeted with the most wonderful smell of garlic and meat. When I finally opened my eyes to look at what my nose was falling in love with, I fell off of my chair in surprise. 
One half of the pizza was covered, COVERED in whole, WHOLE garlic cloves. It was one of the most beautiful things I have ever seen.
Oh my god. Such a perfect sauce to cheese ratio. And the individual slices are a generous size and SO CHEAP. I got pizza from Franco's the first night I moved into my new place just down the block, and it was the best decision I've made.
Worst pizza I've had in years!  Pizza crust isn't right, tastes like bad stale bread!  Never ordering from here again.... Never again!
This is the best pizza in Fishtown. They're places around that are good, Tacconelli's and Pizza Brain but way expensive. Franco's might not have a museum or make you reserve your dough, but the pizza is the real deal. Great crust, fresh ingredients and free pizza knots. Non hipster environment, you'll love it if you're not too cool for the place or have to show off for out of town friends.
Your average Fishtown/Port Richmond neighborhood pizza jawn is nothing to brag about and average somewhere around nauseating to mediocre (it's an Irish and  Polish neighborhood so no shocker there). That being said, if you're in the area and want a good pie, Franco's will hook you up. A yummy, seasoned just right, NY-esque, unassuming pie. This isn't the place for inventive toppings or pretense. Just a satisfying meal when the pizza cravings strike. Is it the best pizza in the world? No. But will it do and is leaps and bounds better than other offerings in the River Wards. 

Garlic knots come with your order--deliciously garlic and melt in your mouth buttery as they should be. In addition to the pizza, I've tried the calzones--good size, not to bread-y. One thing I would note--I got roasted garlic in my calzone and it came with whole roasted cloves and a lot of them--a little much even for a garlic lover like me (especially since they were whole cloves, not minced or anything).
Pretty good. I got a mushroom cheesesteak and it was pretty darn awesome. The bread was a little mushy by the time it was delivered, but what was inside the bread made up for it. Lots of meat and melty, gooey cheese. It was gone in about a minute. Also, got a pepperoni pizza. Let me mention that I am a very picky pizza person. I like lots of grease, flavorful sauce and a chewy crust. This pizza was good, but not great. The sauce was kind of generic, the cheese good enough and the crust tasted a little like I imagine cardboard would taste. That being said, I WOULD order it again if I was in the mood for cheesteak and pizza at the same time, just to get a cheesesteak from this place. Oh, and the garlic knots were tasty, too.
thank you jesus, my girlfriend has finally found a cheap, close by pizza shop she really likes. although i didn't quite care for the pizza (watch out, the mozzarella cheese are slices, not fresh), she enjoyed the chewy crust, mildly flavorful sauce, and toppings (bought 2 pizzas, a 4 cheese and the "special"). 

i ordered the wings which were pretty tasty, nicely sized and well-cooked. the celery was dry, beginning brown and pre-wrapped, so i'd just skip those next time or ask for the freshest they have available. the garlic knots seemed to be more butter than they were garlicky, perhaps due to being served cold. luckily they were included with the meals purchased. but i think served warm they would be more of a stand out; what's better than warm, buttery, garlicky bread??

am super happy to have found a place nearby that delivers! super friendly staff too!
Ordered several times from Franco's.  This last order the other day had an incorrect item.  Called spoke to a man (don't have his name) about the order.  He asked me to give him all of the phone numbers we have ever placed orders from to prove that we ordered correctly.  I didn't see the reasoning for this because the item was wrong.  He told me he was to busy and had to go.  You lost me as a customer over an $8 sandwich.
If it was an option I'd give this place zero stars. First of all the people that answer the phone are beyond the definition of rude every time it's so unprofessional. Secondly the pizza was a complete mess this used to be my go-to spot but everything has all of a sudden changed there's no consistency i herd the main owner left maybe that's the reasoning behind the down fall of this place but I'm tired of wasting my hard earned money and honestly my time giving this place another try again and again. Proceed with caution ordering here nothing is fully cooked and the staff obviously needs classes on customer service. I'll find a new place but I most certainly wont be wasting anymore time with this place.
Horrible Customer service!!!!! Manager rude as hell!!!!! Couldn't care less about his customers. Never ordering again. And it was my favorite pizza place! Plenty more options out there. Bye Franco's
This was my first time eating at Franco's. I just moved to the area 
$30 is very overpriced for 2 sandwiches with very very little meat on rolls that tasted 2 days old. The fries were ordered with NO SALT . They were loaded with salt and were cold . tasted like leather. 
I am asking for a full refund or another chance for you to convince me to come back. Employees were not wearing masks and we are in a pandemic.
Wearing masks in a public place is the law. The person on the phone was rude. She should be in the foos business if she cannot handle working on Christmas Eve. You need to wear masks!!!! Covid is serious
Stopped in for lunch with my co-worker and was greeted by Pete who was very friendly and engaging with us. 
We waited a few minutes for 2 slices and a few garlic knots. 
This slice was huge to me and it was very tasty. We had a bunch of oil on the bag and desk but guess that's expected with pizza. 

The place looked clean and staff were wearing mask. You either order ahead or come in and place your order but, it's not big enough to have a sit down lunch.
I need to give this place a huge shoutout.The  food is fantastic but just as important they legitimately care about their customers which I hugely value. Tony the owner is a great guy. Support your local pizza places!! My go to place in the neighborhood. In these crazy times I really want to say thank you to all the staff and drivers of Francos, you make my Friday order something I look forward to, I appreciate you.
Would just give 5 stars for the garlic knots they give you on the side. Wow, the cheese and bread were delicious. We tried the stromboli, the chicken parmesan sandwich, and some wings. 

First, the stromboli was long, stacked with toppings inside, and came with a tasty marinara dipping sauce. The dough was flavored and textured well and the cheese instead was perfect with it. Lasted for a while and was satisfying. 

The chicken parm sandwich was relatively cheaper than others in the area, and the chicken was juicy, perfectly fried and breaded, and there was a perfect amount of cheese on top to make it just like I wanted. The bread was a good texture too which was just an addition to a great meal.
The wings were pretty equivalent in size (on the larger end), had a good sauce, and the bleu cheese they give is nice and creamy, not too chunky.

Would and will order from here again, as the prices and quality is just right.
