I'm a smidge embarrassed to admit I had never been to Frankford Hall until recently. It's always been somewhere I wanted to hit up, I just always thought they strictly had bratwurst and not so veg-friendly offerings. I was totally wrong! 

On an unseasonably warm winter's day, the kiddos and I headed over just as they were opening mid afternoon. We essentially had the place to ourselves, which may or may not have been why we enjoyed ourselves so much. I remembered thinking to myself if it were crowded and I had to either fight for a seat or a game I wouldn't have been as happy. 

We indulged in spaeztel that brought us back to Germany, a super large piping hot, perfectly salted Bavarian pretzel with cheese and a milkshake, which are available with or without booze. They always offer a creamsicle, a chocolate one and a seasonal flavor. This day it happen to be crepe which has bits of fried crepe mixed in. It was well liked. 

The kiddos loved tasting all of the fun complimentary condiments with their pretzel which included curry ketchup, sweet and dijon mustard in addition to the thick cheese that came with the pretzel at a small additional charge. 

Our food was ready rather quickly and I certainly appreciated the separate bar and food window. The complimentary water by the bar was nice too. 

We enjoyed games of Jenga and some foozball in the courtyard out back and a couple of rounds of tennis table inside. 

I definitely would like to return with my husband and grab a cold one on a warm day, as their list of beer is impressive! The kiddos would also like to come back, play some more and order s'mores to make in the fire pits. I would also like to taste their 'Impossible' burger! Yay for discovering they have vegan options after all this time! 

We love places we can drink and chill while playing with the kiddos. Frankford Hall is that place! It's equally as great for gathering with a group of friends or a casual date. A perfect warm weather spot! 

The place was super clean and I've been told they're going all green with their utensils soon! 
 
The staff were all around uber friendly! They even charged my phone for me behind the bar and greeted us ever so warmly entering and leaving. 

There are some unmetered parking spots available, but watch the signs as it's only half the block! 
. 
*It took me THIS long to realize the play on words in their name...Frankfurt, Germany inspired, but it's located on Frankford Ave. Duh! ((Blonde moment!))
BE WARNED, fellow Yelpers!

Apparently if you say anything negative about Frankford Hall, "someone" will threaten legal action against you unless you remove the content of your review.  Sounds like "someone" can't handle a little criticism.
(to the tune of "Let's Stay Together" by Al Green)

I'm... I'm looking for a thing to do.
Whether it's a big group, or two
Don't matter to me.
Cause Frankford Hall's got some fun for you
Spend time there, you'll never feel blue

Let me say that since...
Since I moved to Philly
Ooooh
I've been going willy-nilly
Always got what I need.
Frankford Hall, it's the one we come running to
German beers, yes, they've got a few....

Oooh, baby
Let's... let's get together
No matter the weather, weather
If it's in the day or night, crowded, all right
OOooh, ooh yeah.

This is a staple for my friends and I, as well as a top spot I bring out-of-town guests. No matter the time of day, or year, you're going to have fun. I've also gone when I wasn't drinking, and they've got enough games, great food, and opportunities to socialize, I'm never bored. BONUS, they host Dunkel Dare during Philly Beer Week which is easily one of the most wonderful experiences in the entire city (Google it if you aren't familiar!)

Big space, heat lamps in the winter, beautiful sunshine in the summer. Can get super crowded on nice weekends, but hey, that's the risk you take with one of the most fun and popular spots in the city! Get the pretzel to soak up the beer, hoist a stein, and satisfy your real hunger with some sausage!
When I first heard about the outdoor area, I thought my friends were nuts for wanting to take me here in December. Now, I'm so glad they did.

This is a fantastic hangout spot. Unlike a lot of bars that are loud and don't have much seating, this place has giant middle school style picnic tables so that everyone can crowd around and actually talk to each other. Because of the awesome heating system, you don't even realize you're outside! Toasty.

I didn't get a chance to try the food because we arrived so late, but the options seemed yummy. Beer is pretty expensive so we just split a few pitchers. The selection is decent.

Overall, the atmosphere is awesome and I would love to return. I'm pumped to have found a bar that encourages social gatherings and not just sloppy swaying to the music.
If drinking delicious beer while seated at some outdoor picnic tables with a crew of buds sounds like a good time, you will like Frankford Hall. Throw in some (free) ping pong, a giant pretzel with nose-clearing hot mustard and cooperative weather, and you just might love it. 

Draft beer is served by the half and full liter, with a few bottle and can selections available as well. Over two separate visits last weekend, I enjoyed Franziskaner Hefeweizen, Spaten Octoberfest, Dogfish Head My Antonia, Franziskaner Dunkel-Weisse and Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA. I enjoyed that not every beer was a German wheat, and that hoppy beers were still well represented.

On my first visit, I worked up a hunger while schooling Vinny P on the ping pong table (in both singles and doubles). My frankfurter with a side of kraut was overpriced at $5, but the hot dog was also bigger and better than average. German potato salad was predictably tart, with great hunks of pork, but I would have liked it so much more in the traditional way; without mayo but with a little relish or some sweetness. 

On day two, french fries with curry ketchup and potato pancakes served with a healthy dose of sour cream and chives made for tasty, indulgent snacks. Although I did not try one of the homemade sausages myself, more than one person in my group on both days thought it was odd that they were served without rolls (potato rolls are available for purchase for $1). I'd love to see the availability of a heartier roll in the future. 

Frankford Hall is still so new, yet I'm already digging it hard. I'm looking forward to seeing how the place develops in the summer months, and I've already got my next visit marked on the calendar.
Frankford Hall is such an awesome spot to relax with friends and eat great food. 

I got the beerloma which I was obsessed with. It's Schofhoffer grapefruit beer with tequila and lime juice - it was so drinkable and refreshing so definitely recommend!

For food, we ordered some pretzels, quark dip, potato pancakes with smoked salmon, and the schnitzel sandwich. Everything was really tasty, and the obvious must order is the pretzel with cheese dip.

In the early afternoon, it's a pretty chill ambiance, lots of space, young families and gatherings. As it gets later, the vibe changes to more late night bar vibes - just something to keep in mind depending on what vibes you're going for.
This is a place I could fall in love with. 

It's like I imagine Valhalla:* long wooden tables packed full of people drinking enormous steins of golden liquid, huge firepits (that seem pretty dangerous to have around drunken idiots now that I consider it), games being played (I'm pretty sure they had Jenga and ping-pong in Viking times), and general merriment everywhere you look. The only thing missing is getting to party with all the warriors you killed in battle during your lifetime. 

There are a few drawbacks, as far as I can tell:

1. You smell like a campfire when you leave.

2. It's ridiculously crowded on a Saturday night, so much so that there was actually a brief line to get in. To a beer garden.

3. Nobody told me that there would be giant pretzels with amazing cheese dip later in the evening, and I stuffed myself silly at dinner earlier and could only take a bite.

Well, you can't blame a place for being popular, you can't complain about the smell if you like the fires, and it's not really Frankford Hall's fault that I'm a repulsive glutton. So I'd say this beer hall is a pretty great spot.
_____________
*I'm just assuming you're all as into Norse mythology as I am.
This place is kind of douchey. 

I went on Saturday night around 10:30pm hoping to have a nice chill night of drinking German beer in an outside setting.  Unfortunately, when I arrived, the scene was the exact opposite of chill.  

First of all, there was a line to get in.  We were all standing in one area, then the bouncer yelled for us to 'MOVE and form a LINE over THIS WAY'.  Lame.  What is this, Mad River? I wanted to leave immediately but my bf insisted that we stay & check it out.  Once we got in, we realized the place was PACKED.  The crowd was an odd mix of frat-bros, cheesy looking girls all decked out in club wear and soccer moms drinking bottles of Miller Lite. There was nowhere to sit outside so we went to the inside bar.  We stood and waited.  And waited.  And waited till finally the faux hipster bartender took our order.  We left after one beer.

Pros: The space itself is gorgeous, large outside area to accomodate groups

Cons: bouncers walking around with earbuds, a Manayunk/Olde City vibe

I love outdoor drinking and I really want to like this place.  I will give it another try on a week night when it's not as packed and the novelty has worn off for the Olde City crowd.
Always a great place to hang with some friends, play countless rounds of jenga, play some ping pong, get a milkshake... pretty much the go to place to socialize and have a good time!
The cuisine of Deutschland never really called to me and I am not into beer so I was shocked to have an unexpectedly fabulous time at Frankford Hall!  

They created quite a festive atmosphere - there was ping pong, a face painter, a balloon artist and magician, oh my! There was even an oom-pa pa kind of band which was quite good; the one guy was the James Hetfield of accordion players, oomping out like crazy!  Somehow I felt a tiny bit like Truly Scrumptious transported to Vulgaria, there were men wearing German fedora type hats and then others in actual lederhosen (later I realized they were with the band).  

We were with a group of foodies and ordered a bunch of stuff we shared so I got to taste lots of things.

Some of my top favorites were the red cabbage, the Bavarian pretzel with delightfully hot Dijon mustard and the spatzle noodles fried to a toasty brown on the outside but still soft inside with yummy bits of sauteed bacon and mushroom.  They had a pulled pork sandwich on special that was also tasty on a nice soft roll.  Everyone in my group loved the potato pancakes and tossed salad as well.  The fries were good but I don't get the big appeal of "curry catsup" - I mean, it was ok but not like something outrageously amazing or anything.    Someone ordered something that was sliced sausage in this delicious red, onion, spicy sauce. 

We also tried the cupcakes - both the german chocolate and carrot were great, especially the carrot, nice and moist and not too sweet. The potato salad didn't thrill me, it was very vinegary which was ok but I think it would have tasted a lot better hot

I can't really comment intelligently on the beer except to say I wished they offered a "small" glass - the choices were a really big mug I would never be able to finish before the beer got stale and warm or a mug so huge it was bigger than my head.  I ended up just sipping from hubby's mug and trying everyone else's - the beers were all good in different ways but I liked the ones we had at Memphis Tap better.  It was nice they will give samples before you order though.

I think the furnishing and set up are fantastic as is the casual atmosphere and going up and ordering one's own drinks and food.  I did not like the way the bathrooms were set up, the toilets are in separate rooms but there is a trough sink that is shared.  

There were cute boys that came and cleared away, they seemed a bit dour but maybe it's because they were wearing black, they were friendly enough when you spoke to them though.   All the staff was nice and had a nod or smile as you walked by.

One small point, if there is a band it's probably best not to sit too close as we did, even though they were fun 4 hours of trying to talk over polka music can eventually become tiresome, no matter how delightful the tuba player!
We stumbled upon Frankford Hall in our wanderings through the Fishtown area of Philly.  We walked through the entrance and found an outdoor, open-air, German style Biergarten with picnic tables and umbrellas.  It brought a smile to our faces, because it was just the place we were hoping to come across in this up and coming neighborhood.

As I looked around, I saw many people enjoying their beers and german pretzels while playing Jenga, as well as the bean bag toss, and foosball even. Great atmosphere!!

The menu consisted of traditional German fare such as bratwurst, franks, weiner schnitzel, etc. On Sundays, they have a brunch menu from 11:30 - 2:00 in addition to their regular menu.   With the purchase of a brunch menu item, you can get a Bloody Bavarian for $3. We ordered the sausage and egg sandwich along with that Bloody Bavarian and the Veggie Burger.  Both items, even the veggie burger, were surprisingly good. The veggie burger contained finely chopped pickles and onions and something they referred to as "tomato jam." It was good!

I look forward to going back again for happy hour with friends!
This is the kind of place where shenanigans ensue.

I think I got lucky and got one of the most perfect days to check out Frankford Hall.  I came here the Saturday of Memorial Day weekend as part of a beer garden bar crawl.  I had a lot of fun here and while I know I'll be coming back, it's only a matter of time until this place is mobbed.

Our fairly large group at first sat inside the "hall"  The large floor to ceiling windows were open to Frankford Ave and we snagged two large benches with communal tables.  We were also seated just under one of the celling fans which provided a good breeze.  The weather was perfect.

Since there is no table service here, you go up to the various stands and get your beer or food.  I opted for the liter of Köstritzer Schwarzbier.  I came walking back to the table with my liter and one of the sausages make with pork, beef and cheese.  I also got a side of spaetzle which had gravy on it and still had crispy noodles.  Prices seem a tad steep for what you're getting but that is a minor complaint in my mind.

Next, we relocated outdoors in their actual outdoor garden.  Two ping tables were besides us and it was only a matter of time until we got on them and started making fools of ourself.

I really enjoyed coming here and I know that if I have a few friends visiting that I will be taking them here to show them something they most likely haven't experienced before.
God, this is cheese even by stephen starr standards. I mean this is just egregious.  

Dude:  fake sliding warehouse doors plastered on the wall in places that don't even make sense, fresh swaths of concrete with spackle brush marks still showing to make it pretend dilapidated, the indoor area looks like it was decorated by the guy from chipotle, the food is the usual shwag and then the piece de resistance has to be having douchey bouncers walking around with secret service earbuds in! COME ON!

I know your M.O. is go to New York, ask the bridge and tunnel crowd whats cool, rip it off and shove it down our throats and the Rittenhouse cougars and Jersey parasites will eat it up - but now you arent even trying. Like, what - did you go to the biergarten at the Standard in meatpacking one afternoon and see hot goldman associates and start taking notes on a napkin? Have you ever even been to Germany? Did they have bouncers with earbuds there? Any chipotle ketchup?  Couldnt you at least have driven your cheesedick orange lambo over to Greenpoint to check out Radegast Hall and see a biergarten that doesn't suck?  I mean you crossed the Williamsburg Bridge to rip off the Hotel Delmano for your Dandelion "concept" right?  

Look man, Rittenhouse is one thing - cheap Disney World recreations of three-year old New York concepts might fly there, in fact, it doesn't even bother me down there as much - but you can't hear somewhere that Fishtown is cool and then plop this bullshit right in the middle of it.  I hope the fixies and plumbers and artists and heroin punks up in fishtown burn your crap to the ground, in a really original way.  


You suck and it pisses me off that you are laughing all the way to the bank.
You enter greeted by the fresh smell of sauerkraut as you walk the open style hall.  With ping-pong tables at all corners, there is no doubt in my mind that how much you enjoy your stay is directly linked to the weather!

While there are plenty beers available in 1/2 liter or liter offerings, keep in mind you are paying a slight premium.  The food seems authentic and is served promptly even when they appear extremely busy. Overall, nothing to complain about, yet nothing to get overly excited about.
I'm the first to admit that Stephen Starr establishments are one of those things that I have more of a hate than love relationship with. But despite that I'm also first to admit that even though they're still laden with a plentiful number of imperfections, When Starr creates a winner he does it big time! And even though I was initially hesitant to envision it working out in Fishtown, I do have to admit that he delivered in a big way with Frankford Hall.

Much like the case is with El Rey for Mexican food; If you're looking for an authentic German beer hall do not, I repeat DO NOT come here. Go to Brauhaus Schmitz or Bierstube and do not pass go! But if you're looking to enjoy traditional German eats and steins of beer while playing games like foosball, Jenga, and then some; then Frankford may be that warehouse of possibility for you. Even better is the fact that you can do it either inside or out thanks to its HUGE interior, and courtyard that is loaded with plenty of tables and standing room (and heating lamps for when the weather gets colder).

For food I was initially confused by the ordering at the counter food court style and waiting for the food with a number. But such confusions were eliminated when I found the servers to be capable of seeking that number out like a bullseye. while bratwurst, spaetzle, amazing sounding burgers and other such delicacies were mighty tempting, I decided to go with a Bavarian pretzel w/ cheese dip (AKA the new crack) and a refreshing bowl of escarole soup. The soup was just the right cup of warmth that the doctor ordered and had tiny meatballs in it for a bonus. And for the small the pretzel was rather huge, and was one of the better soft pretzels that I've ever had.

The Beergarden was fully loaded with Franziskanar, Spaten, Paulaner, and other German brews by the 1/2 or whole liter. and there was plenty of other craft brews on tap and in bottles to compliment the selection beautifully. there's also one tap geared to a rotating draft that usually leads to something special. In my case it was a Dogfish Head brew that I've only seen there thus far (and you best believe I've looked!)

As a Starr spot its destined to be a place that I won't be going to all the time (we're kind of like Seinfeld and Newman - http://youtu.be/98dai6CC5BA). But so long as it delivers good brats and beer, and crazy events like Dunkel Dare hosted by Marc Summers; I know I'll be a fan deep down!
I am torn on this one.  I was very excited to stop in, as I live around the corner and an outdoor space is needed in the area...and this a huge improvement over the derelict warehouse occupying the space previously.  I will give this another go, but I hope a few tweaks are made
The Good
1. Esthetically appealing outdoor space 
2. Good Location
3. Many beer "stations" to accommodate volume

The Ugly
1. Full Security team donning ear buds, incredibly tacky and ridiculous 
2. Meat heads
3. Overpriced Beer
4. I heard there are velvet ropes, I did not see this.  If I do see this, its a deal-breaker
#1 and #2 can be entertaining while enjoying #3
The Bavarian pretzels come in two sizes and one of those sizes is larger than your plate and your face. It's kind of ridiculous, worthy of county fair status, but it's just an everyday occurrence at Frankford Hall. The pretzel was delicious in all that makes pretzels good in terms of chewiness/saltiness/sweetness, but nothing outrageous besides being gargantuan in size. The cheese dip, served in a paper trough, was some extremely mild melted down cheese formation of American and cheddar. JT and a I still noshed it all up. And this knot goes down in the books as the biggest. 

Frankford Hall also has sausages and burgers in addition to an outrageous supply of German beer. The Spicy Bauenwurst with sauerkraut was screaming my name as I ordered a huge mug of beer and knew eating something with a kick would help me drink it all. Although this pork and beef sausage was not spicy, it was snappy and juicy and even better with in-between bites of mouthwatering sauerkraut.

JT got "The Kanzler" burger with dry-aged beef, balsamic onions, gruyere and grilled bacon. The burger was seriously the boss. It even bossed around its buns. It was mean and delicious and one of those sandwiches that doesn't stick around long enough to discuss. 
 
Frankford Hall is a great place to grab a huge stein of beer and pretzel/beer/sausage and congregate as well as showing off how large your pretzel is.
Dayum...this Philly beer garden puts all those Queens, Brooklyn, Hoboken and JerZ City beer slums to shame.

NO JOKE. 

Same giant German beer selection, but even though it was 15 degrees outside, the 3 fire pits kept us all warm, druuuunk and boisterous...its was like a bonfire on the beach...hella dope.

Y'all kill the NY beer gardens...great execution in the winter months.
Had my husband's 40th surprise party here this past weekend and all I can say is... great venue!!!! Love everything about the space.. especially on a beautiful summer night with 0 humidity with open "windows". Beautiful, open, and airy space. LOVE the outside backyard area where people can eat, drink, and pay a game of Jenga..

OK, so the party was a complete success! The venue was super helpful in getting everything in order... and the service was balanced just right.. not too in your face, but whenever we needed something they were there. I believe our server was Lauren.. she did a great job. And the fact that we had full and close proximity to the bar was an added plus! Sada makes a great cocktail, btw. 

Food was laid out nicely and replenished when needed.. there was more than enough for everyone to enjoy and it was super tasty! I am absolutely in love with the Goat Cheese Sliders and the Smoked Salmon salad!! Yaaaas. My mother in law said if she ate another piece of salmon, she was going to grow gills. LOL!

When it was time for the cake.. they brought that out and then when the birthday boy was done with all 2000 of his individual tipsy speeches.. the cake was promptly taken away and returned already plated! I did not have to do a thing!

Thank you Frankford Hall for a wonderful evening. I can't wait to return!
Amazing vibe, great beers, friendly staff and more make this a cool place to either bring out of town guests as well as being that kind of neighborhood hangout type place.

This is a very cool spot, both a trendy, hipster type place, but a cool place for the neighborhood to embrace as their own.

I definitely recommend here.
I really really want to like this place, but it's frat boy and instagram model wannabe central. They flock here so they can reminisce about that "semester I spent studying abroad in Germany where I became so cultured and discovered myself." If you want to go to the tourist part of Fishtown, you've found it at Frankford Hall. 

Hate to say it, but their beer sangria and pretzels are amazing. That's it though, that's all I'll give them.
The space is gorgeous, boasting lots of tables indoor and out.  The outdoor beer garden is humongous and I expect I'll be spending a large amount of my summer hanging out, playing or watching others play ping pong on the tables. The exposed brick and industrial bar storage gives the place a really homey feel.  Beers come in .5 and 1 liters for around $6-$15. German varieties on tap, plus a bottle selection. They also serve wine and have a full bar, as well as many schnapps varieties.  I have yet to try the food but the menu is German inspired with pretzels, spaetzle, and sausages (I can't write that word without hearing the Kids in the Hall Sausages sketch in my head) of both the meaty and vegetarian variety.  The food is served from a walk up window, or if you fancy you can purchase a pretzel from a cigarette/candy style vending pretty lady.  I'm happy to have Frankford Hall as yet another awesome place to hang out in my neighborhood.  Just an fyi taxes are not included in the drink prices. 

Ps. My husband spent a large amount of time drooling over the solid bubinga wood bar of which our bartender was happy to let us know all about.  These people know their stuff.
Here last night for the first time.  The place itself is nice, but that's no surprise.  I liked the atmosphere.  Ping pong tables were a bit awkwardly placed, but it's kinda cool that they have them.  

Food -- Overpriced, of course. I just had the spätzle w/ cheese & onions and a pretzel.  The mac & cheese was fine, a bit too salty, nothing special, small amount.  I wouldn't have minded the $6 tiny portion if it was amazing.  Auntie Anne's has better pretzels.  

They wouldn't run a tab. Food and beer are at separate places. Both bars had a line that moved quite slowly. When we got to the front the first time, the bartender spent a good 30+ seconds talking to the guy standing next to me (who was being helped by a different bartender) before even acknowledging us.  30 seconds might not seem like much, but it is when there's a long line.  I'm sure the fact that they have to run a credit card each time also slows them down.  The guy was not particularly friendly, which can be acceptable if you're a good bartender otherwise.  Just poor the damn beer, then, and do it quickly.  No waiters/waitresses to get drinks. 

Probably won't ever go back unless someone else is organizing a trip.
I've been wanting to go to Frankford Hall so long that summer came and went. Good news: it's still awesome in the colder months. 

We stopped in Frankford Hall for a beer before dinner and it was surprisingly empty for 7:30pm on a Friday. We ordered half liters (I got the Franziskaner Hefeweitzen and the bf got something hoppy). I can't imaging wanting a liter of beer when a half liter is exactly half the price, which saves you from warm beer, but it's a nice novelty and probably convenient for some.

The bartender gave us our beers, we paid up and that was that. No more chit chat about do we want to order food, etc. which was refreshing. We were left to drink in peace.

They have the heat lamps on outdoors so the whole place is still in full swing. The ability to play ping pong is awesome (even more points for having a jar of extra balls--this sounds bad I know--on hand for when you inevitably lose yours). Even the foosball table was free, and it struck me that open table games like these are a great way to meet people. 

This is pretty much the ideal place for groups: big communal tables and no separating checks. If I lived in Northern Liberties this would be my regular place to grab a beer. I can't wait to come back to try their food.
This place, quite simply, is awesome. 

Picture large, outdoor beer garden, picnic tables everywhere, everyone around with drinking, laughing, with smiles on their faces and fire pits making you feel like you are sitting by a campfire in the wintertime. There are two bars outside and bars inside so you never have to wait long to go up, order a beer and walk away with a pint of good German beer in your hand. 

Plus, they always have a game of dirty Jenga on the table, which keeps it entertaining when you are trying to hear and participate in a conversation with your friends four seats down (one of the drawbacks of picnic-like tables). 

Last time I came here it was with a group for a friend's birthday which ended up being a blast. My boyfriend got the split-roasted half chicken, which was honestly the most moist, tastiest chicken i have ever had at a restaurant. I got the Jagerschnitzel which was equally tasty, thank God or i would have had major order envy.

I highly recommend coming here anytime you want to go out with a group. One note of warning - if you come here in the winter and they have the fire pits going, you will leave smelling like you just slept in a campfire for 3 nights. But when you're getting drunk with your friends, who really cares?
One word describes my overall Frankford Hall experience: meh.

Likes: the ample seating, the lighting, the games at the tables.

Dislikes: paying $8 for one sausage (and having to pay extra for a bun), the onions in the cheese dip that comes with the pretzels, the paper plates everything is served on, not knowing what idiot is going to plop down at your table and make himself at home, the lame bouncers at the door, the valet parking.

Try this place once, if you want. And then stick to the other local bars and restaurants. The "experience" just didn't live up to what this place is clearly shooting for.
Great place...friend that lives locally helped this tourist find it when I was hankering for a fun place away from the touristy areas with good beer and atmosphere as requirements.  No view, but lots of outside seating, ping pong tables, multiple ordering areas, friendly staff, good crowd, and some good nearby neighboring businesses. Quick walk from the Girard stop off of Market-Frankford subway.
I wish I was twenty something every time I come here. It's fun!! Games! Communal tables. Great very casual food. Best hot dog! Big pretzels. Red cabbage . Great beer selection! You order at a widow and they bring you your food. In the winter they have fire pits and S'mores. No, it's not like going to October fest. It's more the american frat party version.
I've been to frankford hall countless times when I had an art studio in fishtown. Frankford hall has some of the best burgers and bratwurst ever. And for real good prices. If your into spiked milkshakes then I suggest trying their spiked smores. Yes.
And the curry ketchup is pretty darn good. I like the ordering process; you order then take your number ot your table and they bring it over. Your wait is short because you're either too busy playing Jenga, or playing table tennis. The outside seating is nice and well lit at night. The beer is standard but pretty good. Give it a try if your in the area and just want a good ol fashioned meal and beer. 
Its perfect for big groups with their picnic type tables.
Price of beer is reasonable. It was an enjoyable experience seating in an outdoor beer garden with a 1-liter mug on right hand.
When you walk in you will see there are a ton of seats, both indoor and out, which was perfect for our party, as we started outside and ducked in when it looked like rain. First come, first seated. The outdoor section is really where it's at. At the entrance is a wrap around full bar, and in the back left is a beer only window, while one the right is a food window. 


After procuring an ample amount of German beer, it was time for some food. They have a simple, but authentic menu. A variety of appetizers and sausages, all reasonably priced, and just two large entrees, Jager Schnitzel and a roasted half chicken.

One slight hiccup, was that we ordered the sausage with red cabbage, yet it came with kraut. Not a big deal, but we told the runner about it, and he quickly returned with an entire order of red cabbage. Thank God, after so many places have been failing to correct their mistake, or act like I am lying when I alert them to a mix-up, at this place (where they aren't necessarily expecting a tip) they replaced it with an entire order, no questions asked. Which is exactly the way it should be, everywhere, but places repeatedly get it wrong. The food was all great, but try the spaetzle with gravy. Bangin. 

The pretzels are awesome (and making me thirsty).
This review is quite late but after reading a Foobooz guide yesterday on Philly beer gardens I felt I owed it to the community at large to throw my two cents in about Frankford Hall.

My college girlfriends and I were looking for a place to meet up and hang. Someone suggested  Frankford Hall. What a great choice! The outside beer garden with its surrounding exposed brick walls, rows of long communal tables interspersed with rustic trees that twinkle after dark, gives awesome ambiance. Places like this are conducive to chillin......hard.....because my group lingered for hours. Playing board games and giant Jenga while sipping good brews from ginormous mugs in the middle of the afternoon is what we all should be doing on the weekend. 

The menu consists of standard German fare, sausages, brats, franks, etc. but I really loved the French fries the most. I could have made a meal of them and that tangy mustard dipping sauce alone. There are more substantial items on the menu as well such as Schnitzel but we were drinking early and did not want to risk bogging ourselves down with anything too heavy.

 My companions and I thoroughly enjoyed our experience and would most certainly recommend. I only have two caveats. The garden is all gravel. Even sober I had to be careful maneuvering between the tables to get to the order station and bathrooms. Speaking of which leads me to the bathroom situation. I'm slowly getting used to unisex. Here men and women go into the same restroom space but opposite side stall spaces. However, the wash station is for both. I found myself washing my hands, rummaging through my bag and refreshing my make up standing next to a man. I turned to him and remarked on that. We had a good laugh. Time for me to move into the future.
Go with friends who drink
A trough in the bathroom? GROSS.
Outdoor alternate

Finally got a chance to head here the other night with a group of about 8 people, which is pretty much the only way I'd be back. Don't get me wrong the experience was decent, but it's not a place I'd go with only one other person.

The experience as a whole was pretty awesome. The place is basically a large backyard filled with all kind of drunks; loud, brash dudes, meek bespeckled types sipping a litre the size of their purse, dudes in loosened ties getting their post work drink on, etc. It's a great gathering spot if you can go with a group, snag a whole table, and avoid the awkward conversation with some other couple forced to sit directly beside you if you go with less folks.

The beer selection is pretty sweet, definitely some seasonals, some locals and lots of German influence. They serve generous litre mugs (a recipe for disaster, clearly) as well as half litres, and the bartenders are really happy to answer questions, dole out samples and generally ensure you're going to enjoy the beer you choose.

The food options are pretty great too, albeit a touch more expensive than I wanted. If you're ordering any kind of sausage and expecting a bun, you have to order one so be mindful of that. If you forget, you can walk up and grab one for $1. Inconvenient, but they seem to get that a lot. Might be worth it to have the cashier ask if you want a bun or not.

The layout is pretty simple, and it's a great setting to spend an evening. I bet that this place will be mobbed during the warmer fall evenings when the humidity doesn't feel like an oppressive blanket over the whole place. The lights in the trees are wonderful, and the music isn't overpowering.

My issues:
If you're going to have litres and half litres, make one more of an incentive. The full litre is twice the price of the half. Why would I get a full litre then, it's going to get cold quicker and the half is literally half the price.

It's really frustrating to not be able to run a tab and pay with my card the whole time. I'm not one to carry cash. I understand there are two bars. If you want to run a tab, only use one of them. Problem solved, so let me run one!

There's a trough in the mens bathroom. This is just disgusting. Like enough to keep me from patronizing again. It's not a ballpark. It's 2011; gimme a urinal and a little privacy.

Overall it's a great group experience, but not a place place I'd put into my regular rotation. Also not somewhere I would go with less than 6 people.
COOLEST PLACE EVER!!!  I truly love nothing more than drinking outside, and Frankford Hall takes that simple pleasure to a whole new level.  
The ambiance is that of a German beer garden.  Picnic tables are set up both inside and out, and the beer & food is all self serve.  The beer is awesome, my favorite being Dogfish 60 IPA.  For $13 the gigantic stein of beer was a great deal and got me where I needed to be.  Needless to say Jenga and ping pong were fruitless efforts at that point.
The outside area is spacious, but still manages to be cozy.  The fire pits are awesome, as well as the heaters that turns any weather into drinking weather.
In addition to great German beer, the food is delicious as well.  My favorite thing I sampled was the pretzel with cheese dip.  Sounds simple enough, but Steven Starr does nothing simple!
Just to recap, I am in love with Frankford Hall.  I will be a loyal patron for the rest of my days.
Bottom line: slightly pricey (good) beer, cool space, ping pong.

Am I right?!
UPDATED TO AVOID LAWSUIT:

Frankford Hall is gorgeous. Authentically inspired by traditional German beer gardens and overflowing with incredible ambience.  But they got a one detail wrong:  FOOD POISONING.   Yes, my husband and I stopped by last night for opening night to enjoy dinner and a delicious 1/2 litre of beer each.  The food was really salty, but we thought it might be OK.  Then a few hours passed and we decided that the food was definitely salty with a hearty side dose of Food Poisoning, as we spent the night in a scene recreated from the blockbuster hit Bridesmaids.  If you haven't seen the film, you should. If you have, you know what I'm talking about. Thankfully neither of us barfed on each other or pooped in the street, but that was where the differences ended.  

Might I suggest you pass on eating at this new venue? Unless you are looking to lose weight through violent means.
So my friends and I (party of 3) came by and the white lady at the front said they were full when I could clearly see bunch of tables free and, puts us on waitlist and then doesn't let me know a table is ready and proceeded to sit a table of 2 even though she'll let us know when the next available table
Either that lady is racist as fuck because I am a brown person because the people in front of us were white or she didn't want to seat me. 
Fix your shit.
You know what, I liked it! A LOT. And I'm hard to impress. I'm psyched to have another cool place in my neighborhood to go to. 

Food was very good - hard to ruin I suppose. My friend and I sampled several things: 

* Potato Pancake w/ lox and pickled onions
* Weisswurst
* Kasekrainer (tasty but kind of reminded me of something unmentionable)
* Spaetzle with Gravy
* Soft Pretzel (which is the size of a steering wheel)

FYI - All of the sausages come in a paper boat w/ a side of kraut or cabbage, if you want a roll, you must request it.

Actually all food is served in paper boats and the flatware is cornstarch- based biodegradable ware which is a better alternative for our landfills. Separate counters for bev and food; you will get a large table number after you've placed your food order and it will be brought to your table. I like that.

Beers were good and served in real glassware which I liked but also surprised me given the amount of outdoor space.  Prices were very reasonable.

The space is unique and large - I know it will draw crowds and fill up.  And I think it will only help the other bars/restaurants near by: Johnny Brenda's, The Necktie, Fathom and Kraftwork.

Welcome to the neighborhood!
One of my coworkers recently moved to the area after doing a stint in Germany. The first place that she asked me about was Frankford Hall. Of course I would oblige to one of my favorite spots in Fishtown! The German flair (yes, curry ketchup is a German thing) and fire pits just make me feel happy - or is that just the liter of beer talking?

The laid back style with PLENTY of seating makes Franford Hall a great destination for a couple to a group of 12. There's plenty of games to keep you entertained if your company is a little boring - jenga, ping pong, and stuffing your face.

I particularly enjoy their pretzels. They are very large and have great toppings. I always reminisce on the s'mores pretzel I had here once. This is a great stop to add if you just want to hang out or are bar hopping around the area.
Wow I'm about to report this venue but let me first just warn all on here. I read poor reviews about bad service, but this was something else. My friend asked for water while choking on some food and the wait staff berated him asking if he was too drunk, saying "are you f******* kidding me" for just asking for some water. My friend was choking on some food and they refused to give him a water, and instead told our entire party to leave because of his "belligerent" behavior. When they guy was choking on food and begged for water. Unbelievable. Absolutely disgusting.
So here's the thing. The place is amazing. They've got a bunch of real German beer and some local drafts, and if you really like finishing a warm beer half an hour later, you can get a giant liter mug. There's a ton of seating, especially when the outdoor section is open, and it's a great place for big groups. The food is counter style, and provides a few good options.

Just don't go on the weekend, when it's insanely crowded and there's a line to get in, and Frankford & Girard disappear into the bro-muda triangle.
Great place to grab a drink regardless of the season.  The center of Frankfort hall is open, so you are basically sitting outside.  In the winter, they have heaters going so its really not that cold.  And in the summer is a great bar at night.  

In the winter, my go to drink is the warm cider - so refreshing and it warms you up.  In the winter, they have a ton of beers & even a small selection of wine.

Their pretzels are so yummy.  Never had something here that I didn't like!
First time here Saturday and what a solid beer garden or should I say biergarten, haha.  Right in the heart of Fishtown if you don't know this place by now then I do not know where you have been. Solid lineup of drinks and the sizes are huge as you can get from a pint to 2 pints of a beer in one go. The menu choice is also solid as drinking always comes with a price unless you have a giant pretzel with some amazing spicy cheese sauce. Also helping yourself to one of the sausages, for me the Bratwurst, will also lighten the mood. If your in the area I recommend stopping by for a pint and some good eats.
I always enjoy Frankford Hall, but I need to at least get one thing out: I've heard from someone who used to work there that it's the unofficial policy that they only hire women to be hosts. And yet, this is a slight improvement, as, according to this person, the unofficial policy used to be they only hired blonde women. I obviously don't have firsthand knowledge of this, so I can't say definitively if it's true, but at least one person out there who was there told me this, and reiterated, "I wish I were joking." If that's true, someone needs to call a lawyer or tell the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, because that might be illegal under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act. 

Anyway, on to beer. Fantastic selection of my favorite German beers and a solid, if small, brunch menu. And these fries are the best available in Philly. That's right! Pretty much perfect. 

Come to Frankford Hall for great beer, a fun atmosphere, a beautiful courtyard, and delicious food - and if you're an experienced male host with sterling restaurant resume, this may be the only kind of experience you could ever have here.
My crush on this place grows stronger every time I enter Frankford Hall. Seriously, it's kind of an issue. I become giddy in anticipation. I even blush when I first enter.

The beer selection is pretty awesome. I loved the many Octoberfests offered when in season. Always go for the liter, you might at well get some lifting in while enjoying almost 35 ounces of yumminess.

The staff knows their stuff. And they are genuinely excited about the food and beverage offerings at Frankford Hall. 

The salmon burger just might be the best I've had in the city. It. Is. SO. Good. The lamb burger makes my tummy happy as well.

I understand the outdoor area is more of a draw in the summer. But the fire pit in the winter is pretty darn snazzy as well. You can buy little smores packs and roast them over the fire. Amazing. Just bring your coat and get close to the fire pit or outdoor heaters.

Ping pong, uno, and "jumbling towers" push this place over from cool to my newest obsession.
I want to be clear I am neither a Stephen Starr fan nor do I hate a place just because he owns it.  I wanted to LOVE this place.  Beer garden...A special Dogfish Draft...Fishtown (along with some places I love)...How could I not love this place?

I went opening night and despite the rain, it had a lot of people.  The Beer Garden is very cool.  There are large tables and outside is something Philly lacks...However:

-Food: WAY over priced and just ok.  I liked the cheese they served with the pretzel a lot.
-Beer: The selection was ok.  I mean there were nice choices and the sizes were great but not enough of a selection.  The Dogfish My Antonia was nice.
-Atmosphere: Take away how much I love a Beer Garden and eating outside and there is literally no atmosphere. There are some kitschy things but they half way commit.  It was there was a rush to get this place open and no thought given to how amazing they could make it.

With so many great food options(Memphis Taproom, Kraftwork, Johnny Brenda's)  in Fishtown I say try elsewhere If they are crowded or you have a large group or if you really want to sit outside...try it.
Frankford hall, I love you. Such a handsome and rustic beer garden. This place is super spacious with an outdoor seating area with picnic style benches. You can stay inside as well. There's a ping pong table inside the establishment. 
              They have a great selection of craft beers, wine, and cocktails. I wanted a warm drink and the bartender recommended either the mulled wine at $8 or spiked cider for $9. He let me taste both and wow they were both super delicious. If you're hungry, I urge you to snack on the big warm pretzel with the side of cheese. The best pretzel and cheese dip ever!
            The people are really cool here and I always have a hell of a time.
BEER GARDEN with lots of outdoor seating & heat lamps which we took advantage of since the inside was CROWDED.. another Stephen Starr success

you can borrow games from the front or grab games from nearby tables, we were LUCKY to snag jumbling towers (the generic jenga)

great beer options according to my friends, but since i don't drink beer i got myself a margarita

NOTE: they have a firepit & sell smore's but you probably have to be pretty lucky to get this seat.. what SUCKS is smelling like bonfire after you leave even if you weren't by the firepit!!
This place always shows you a good time!

On my last visit, we went on a Saturday night around 10/10:30ish. We had driven in and were able to find street parking right around the corner. It was fairly busy from what I could get from the crowds in the area so we may have just gotten lucky with the parking situation. If you plan on driving in, I think you will be fine, just may need to circle a few times or park a little further out than we did. 

When we arrived to go inside, a line had formed so we had to wait it out - it was a warm evening, so we didn't mind waiting a little. They also have some nice heated lamps outside in case you were feeling a chill. The wait wasn't too long and we were inside within 10 minutes maximum.

Inside, it's a nice atmosphere. The first part of it opens up to a bar towards the left and a covered seating area. The rest of the space (and majority of the property) is open/uncovered with picnic tables for sitting/eating/playing games (each table seemed to have two Jenga games going on) with heated lamps all around. There are also many fire pits with long benches boxing each pit that are convenient for sitting and to enjoy the fire. Towards the back, there are ping pong tables for more fun. 

The beer selection is also on point, with lots of options. I recommend the grapefruit beer - delicious! The beer is served in either half or full liter, and there are also wine options in case you prefer that instead. As per any proper biergarten - there are pretzels (and other eats) available that come with a variety of dressings. 

The experience is always fun here! It's a chill and clean environment, with lots of space, heat [:)], good food, and great beer/wine selection at very decent pricing! Great place to gather a group of friends to hang out and enjoy each other's company!
Frankford Hall is a great gem in fishtown. The space has been utilized in the best way possible. It is just as indoor as it is outdoor with the center of the bar being roofless. I love the fact that they have a plethora of Beer on hand. I normally go for the House Lager which for $6 at half liter! You cannot beat. 

There's always something happening here, whether it is part of a festival, some German celebration of Oktoberfest, hosting Game of Thrones night on Sundays, theres just so many options available with this place. 

There are foosball tables, pingpong tables, dirty jenga and other games you can play to pass the time. 

There's also food! Now I'm not too fond of the options they have but the pretzel is pretty awesome when you need something to eat. There are burgers and such but thats not for me( at least not here) but I womt let that take away from how good this place is
Great place for a relaxing drink. Lots of choice including a gluten free beer. Lovely atmosphere and great snacks
I cannot believe it has taken me living in Philadelphia for 2 years to finally make my first trip out to Frankford Hall!! What a great place!

We came on a beautiful Saturday afternoon. It was very crowded but if you kind of mull around people are constantly getting up so we were able to secure a table for our party. We played games. Drank large beers. A great friendly environment. 

The food is amazing also! Which i guess is to be expected for Stephen Starr. Order the cheese dip with the pretzel. You will not be disappointed!! The menu is limited mostly bratwurst and pretzel type options. However they were really good!

Looking forward to my next time here. I only wish it was not such a trek from Center City. 

Oh and they have ping pong!
I should preface this review by stating that I'm not a big beer drinker, and tend to only choose sours for the most part. This is a good meeting spot for big groups due to large picnic table style seating.  The selection of beer is pretty great, I think there is something for everyone. They had a Berliner Weiss on tap, but no raspberry or woodruff syrup. For a German themed place, there was quite disappointing. I ended up settling for a can of blackberry gose. It was nice, but pricey, and I usually avoid cans when I go out, since you can cheaply and easily drink these at home. Drafts are the way to go. 

There is some limited food, but it is pricey as well. This is a beer hall, so I was surprised to see a large amount of infants there in the bar. It was also loud in there, so I don't think this can be good for their ears either....  If you don't deal well with crowds, you might want to avoid this place on weekends. It was packed in the early afternoon. Again, beer isn't really my thing, but I'd be willing to give it another go on a weekday.
Day I visited: Friday (we arrived at 730ish and left at 11.
Number of visits: 1
Group Size: 5.

Food tried: 
   -Bratwurst (YUM), 
   -Krakauer (YUM
   -Knockwurst (yum, but has a bologna texture), 
   -fries
   -pretzel with their special cheese dip
   -Potato salad (YUM)
   -Cucumber salad (meh)

**The sausages come with a side of either pickled cabbage or sauerkraut.  I'd go with sauerkraut.  

Drinks tried:
  - a beer from their draft list (selection is german draft)
  - a glass of reisling.

So I decided to remove 1 full star because they charge $3.00 for a Jack & Jill Ice cream cup.  Remember those?  It's the ice cream cups that has vanilla and chocolate swirled together and served with the wooden scoop.  Seriously, it's 3.99 for a bag of 10 ice cream cups!!!  Yes, that's what they serve as their dessert for $3!!!!!!!  They also have a popsicle for $3 and I wouldn't be surprised if it's the POPSICLE brand...

Otherwise, the place is a great spot.  has indoor and outdoor seating.  We were there for a few hours and it was busy most of the time.  Great atmosphere for both hanging out or post dinner date.
I love this place. It's hands down one of my favorite spots in the city. Atmosphere and the beers here make it really quite an enjoyable experience. 

Not located in the most convenient spot relative to center city, but take the market frankford line to girard and you're less than a 5 minute walk away. There's an indoor and outdoor portion of this establishment; the outdoors is year round, which is perfect for a beer garden in the summer, and they bring out fire pits in the winter. 

The alcohol menu is fairly extensive with many staple beers. They also carry mulled wine which is perfect for late falls and winters. The beers here come in 1/2 or full liter jugs... carbolicious. For the food, I'd stick to the sausages and pretzels because those are pretty standard and they sell a lot of them. I remember ordering a chicken entree here once and it wasn't very memorable. 

Come here with a group of friends, enjoy the loud company of others, drink to your liver's content, enjoy the outdoors, and play games of ping pong and foosball. Can't lose
This bar is great on the weekdays or early on on a weekend night. The fire pits are awesome. They have heat lamps in the winter so you can sit out in the beer garden year round.

They have great sausages and milkshakes. I also love the 2 beer sizes. Pro tip is that you dont get a discount for getting a bigger sized beer, so if you want to try more than one may as well get the half liter. If you want to look awesome, get the whole liter (~$14). 

They have pingpong, foozball and jumbling blocks (aka jenga). I've also been there for movie nights, science week, and they have some cool monthly events there. 

Get some food, hang out by the fire, then head over to barcade and play some arcade games! This whole street is great. Stop by bottle bar east to get some fancy beers to go to top off the night.
Such a fun hangout place with indoor seating, jenga, ping pong and foosball, as well as outdoor seating with heat lamps and bonfires!! We went on a Friday night, and were able to get a table, grab some drinks and hang out! Such a lively, fun place! Although I didn't try the pretzels, I've heard they're good, so next time!
Stopped here for lunch today with my hubby around noon.  There were no lines and plenty of open tables.

It's important to note, proof and vaccination and ID is required for all patrons. You will be turned away if you cannot provide both.

The food was reasonably priced and very good. We ordered a frankfurter, cheese brat, fries and a pretzel with cheese sauce to top it off.  To wash it all down we had a couple of beers. I'm not much of a beer drinker so I opted for a light grapefruit flavored beer: Schofferhofer.

We sat outside and were kept warm by both the heat lamps and fire pit. 

It's a nice place to spend a few hours.
It's might be a bit unfair to write a review of a bar I only visited for less than two hours. But I'm pretty sure that I already understand the Frankford Hall experience. And it was awesome!

I'm crushing hard on this place already, after one time. We came on a busy and warm late spring afternoon, which is the perfect time to go. Lots of other people thought so too, as the place was pretty packed.. Lots of picnic bench tables, a few smaller tables, and even a ping pong table. In case you haven't gotten it by now, Frankford is really just a fun place to drink with friends, have an awesome outdoor summer time (since 95% of the place is outside). It's a perfect spot for a group of friends, not so much for a dinner date. And definitely not for kids, but for some reason there were lots of them around our table? Please don't bring your kids, I hate having to step on them on the way to get my liter of beer. 

I can't remember how long the beer list is, but there was plenty there for me to choose from. If you don't know me, then you should know that I mostly drink Bud Light. For the flavor. The prices were pretty reasonable as well, but the more buzzed I got, the more annoyed I was that our beers were never poured to the top. Why is that? Frankford also has a cool sounding German bar food menu, and the food that people ordered around us smelled fantastic. I really hope to go back soon and try some food and have some more great memories!
I don't normally head up to feeshtown to hang out. It's become Chad city lately. Everywhere I look there are Land Rovers, salmon colored slacks, and piped shirt collars. Frankford Hall is one of the few reasons I'll head up to this neighborhood. 

It's situated closely to the El, and has tons of space. The food isn't like crazy authentic German, but a more palettable Americanized version. There are different types of sausages, schnitzel (my fave), and giant Bavarian pretzels. It'd be downright criminal to get a pretzel without the cheese sauce. 

Lots of seating and if it's really packed, you'd probably be fine just standing around. There's a large courtyard inside, well, technically outside. I mean it's a courtyard which is outside, but inside the establishment.  You know what I mean. There are ping pong tables too. 

They have $5 1/2 liters of German beers for happy hour from 4-7 weekdays. 

Super side note: they throw a family friendly party for Christmas every year with a pretty rockin live band. And the Santa has a real beard. 

The ONLY problem is it's in tunatown
Covid safety precautions? 10/10. Perfect. They are the excellence bar. Although I haven't been to a bar (inside) since March 2020, this joint makes me feel as though I can do it again in the coming weeks...of course after my 2nd dose. They check your temperature, all staff have masks and face shields, and lines are clearly marked for social distance. 

We ate outside in their backyard and ordered a breakfast sandwich and a few beers. Seats are far apart and the ordering system is quick and painless. 

Highly recommend if you want a safe night out with friends.
Frankford Hall is a really nice place to go to in the winter. Plenty of propane space heaters, two big fire pits, plenty of beer and a merry unpretentious crowd to keep your spirits high. If all this isn't enough, there are ping pong tables, board games and Jenga blocks for your gaming pleasure.

We got here around 9PM on a Saturday night and this place was packed. Finding street parking was a pain but after circling the area for about 15 minutes we found a spot. Add 10 minutes of wait time in line and all seven of us were inside. The interior had a typical biergarten setup and was extremely spacious.

The seasonal beer selections were pretty nice and the fresh-baked soft pretzels with salt were the perfect accompaniment to our libation. We tried one but ended up ordering a few more.

A slight turn off for the night was the state of the men's room when we were getting ready to leave around 1AM but apart from that, everything else was amazing and everyone in our group had a lot of fun in a very relaxed atmosphere.
I had a great happy hour experience at Frankford Hall. This place has been on my radar. I had a commitment in Fishtown, so I decided to stop by for a cold brew and a pretzel. It didnt disappoint! I had a grapefruit hefeweizen, and a pretzel with beer cheese. Everything was on point. I sat outside and felt like I was back in Germany for a hot second. Definitely a place I will be returning to!
I went to frankford hall on saturday night with a few friends - our party consisted of people ranging in age from mid 30s to 50s and we are all professionals.  I am canadian & was visiting philadelphia for the weekend - at the door, 2 of us got id'd and i showed my driver's license - the guy @ the door said that they only accept passports as valid ID.  my driver's license does not expire until 2016.  the bouncer then marked the back of each hand with a HUGE X with permanent marker.

my friends went through several rounds of drinks & at one point, someone bought me a beer.  within minutes of the beer arriving, 2 bouncers came up & said that i have x's on my hands and CANNOT drink and i MUST leave the premises NOW.  they drew a LOT of attention to our group & while my friends were busy protesting, they "escorted" me out by myself - kid you not, they kicked me out!

i wish i could adequately review the food or drink or anything else - but honestly, this was the most HUMILIATING experience i have ever had - all i can assume is that Frankford Hall, and in turn, Starr group of restaurants, does not want international business and that they think it is okay as a practice to force a small woman from a different country out onto the street by herself on a Saturday night.
The hostess is the hostess the leastest. They claimed they called my phone to give me my table but did not call me. After I showed my phone records to prove they didn't call me they said I was lucky to be here in a pandemic. I would strictly not recommend visiting this establishment and hope that management contacts me for an apology. I will be recommending to all my friends to never visit here again terrible establishment I feel bad for the waiting staff who were very polite they do not deserve the hostesses they have.
Finally!  Having moved from NYC two years ago, one of the things I truly missed here in my hometown of Philly was the beer garden scene.  Beer gardens were expanding exponentially in the outer boroughs of NYC as I left, and all of them were variations on the same theme:  Big outdoor space, awesome but simple german food, and a great german beer selection, available by the stein.  In other words, amazing places to drink great beer and chat with good friends.

Philadelphia already had a Zum Schneider equivalent in Brauhaus, which I absolutely adore, but did not have the outdoor equivalent as of yet.  Now we do.  With a fantastic, if slightly overpriced beer list, and a sausage selection 6 items long with all of the requisite sides, I was thoroughly impressed with my first visit to Frankford Hall on a sunny Sunday afternoon.  I look forward to my next visit to the necessary edition to Philadelphia's vibrant beer scene.
Whatever.  This is another example of Starr's Disneyworld approach to restaurants -- all form and no substance.   The beer selection isn't great, and the food is barely even fake German.  The worst part: no reservations and you seat yourself.  You're meant to hover over tables until someone decides to leave.  Then, you go to the bar to order drinks and to a cart to order food.

I found the whole thing incredibly annoying and nowhere near worth the trouble.  Go to Brauhaus Schmitz for better food, better beer, and better atmosphere.
WHY OH WHY did i not make it to this wonderfully awesome beer garden until the end of summer?! 

stupid. (me, that is. not frankford hall)
this place is a great beer hall for beer lovers! there is a good amount of beer selection, and there are tons of bars to order your drink.  if you want pretzels or food, there is another line for it, and i HIGHLY recommend getting the pretzels. it is so soft and the cheese dip is deliciousssss

definitely a great place to hang with your buddies for a LITER of beer :) the venue is huge and gets super crowded, so snag a table when you can!
Every time I come here I enjoy their beer more and more. We stopped by this nice German style beer hall on a Friday night and it must have been the first time I've been here that we didn't have to fight through a crowd to get to one of the two bars and grab a drink, or wait for someone to get up to get a table.

Usually they're pretty packed but the environment is fun- with Jenga to play at the table, and I believe I also saw ping pong too. They have a great German craft beer selection with a lot that you don't see elsewhere, and you can get a small (tall glass) or a large (a stein).

We had a Hefeweizen that had a berry flavor which was really good and unlike anything I've had before. My sister and cousin had mixed drinks since they aren't beer lovers, which I wasn't actually even sure that they made before tonight.

They also have pretzels and cheese which are so good! The pretzels are HUGE, big enough for 2-4 people to munch on (we shared it among the four of us), but I definitely could have taken that whole thing on myself if I didn't have dinner- so I'm pretty sure you could too. Whether they're crowded or not, they're always a fun choice, especially with small groups.
Frankford Hall in the fall is the freaking MOVE.

There is a huge outdoor seating spot (and the indoor definitely takes a back burner to it and is slightly smaller) with plenty of long tables and chairs around the fire put to sit at.

The beer options are great and there are so many to choose from. You can ~almost~ convince yourself that you are at a German beer hall with the giant pints of beer they give you.

I haven't had any of the food there yet but it always looks delicious and people say you can't go wrong. Next time I go I am definitely ordering a giant soft pretzel. 

They don't have a ton of TVs, and there is a chance that even if you call ahead and they say they have a game on one of the TVs it might not actually be on (speaking from experience). BUT as long as you know this isn't a place to go if you're particularly invested in watching multiple games this is a great place to go.

PS even if it's cold outside they have those giant outdoor heaters spread out around their outdoor section! I love bringing my friends here.
Pricey beer, but this is an excellent space.  Very bright, roomy, cheerful.  Ping pong and a hipster pretzel girl roaming around make you feel like you're in No Libs!  I didn't have food, but the beer was cold.  I found it odd the a half liter costs exactly half as much as a full liter of beer... it seems like you get a discount for more beer.  Why would anyone order a liter at a time?  At the end of a liter the beer is guaranteed warm, while half liters are the same price and colder.  Nonetheless, kudos to Mr. Frankford for buying a bunch of old buildings and making them an awesome space for group get togethers!
When the weather cools down, where will you find me?

Frankford Hall....eating a giant pretzel and roasting smores with strangers around a bonfire. 

This place is the bomb diggity. There are ping pong tables, jenga everywhere, beer steins, and bonfires. It feels like one big party and everyone gets to know one another. The food is great too...just stick to the classic German dishes (and the big pretzel!). Splurge on the hand cut fries but skip the burgers. They actually reminded me of the burgers I had when spending time in Germany....tasteless, with an odd texture. 

You're guaranteed to have a good time here. I also do and I always look forward to when I can go back.
Have I died and gone back to Munchen?! (insert umlaut)

Hardly, but walking into this place made me all warm and tingly, excited for the German biergartens I remember so fondly. And Frankford Hall did not disappoint. They carry a decentselection of German beers on draft, Franziskaner Hefe and Dunkel-weisse (mmm dark wheat beer) and Spaten Oktoberfest. And even a greater variety lies in the bottles--Ayinger, Hacker-Pschorr, and Kulmbacher. 

And even in the dead of winter, the outdoor area stays nice and toasty with the firepit and heatlamps. Do beware, however, because you will smell like campfire for the next few days. Wear washable clothes (seriously, how did we survive before the smoking ban in bars?). I imagine that the biergarten portion is packed during the summer. 

While I didn't get the opportunity to sample the food, those may be the largest Bavarian pretzels I've ever seen (even in Munich!)

For a liter of beer, the prices were pretty reasonable. It's not dirt cheap, but $12 for a liter of beer isn't that bad.
Vaccinations required, masks required and there's both indoor and heated outdoor areas! During this pandemic, I really appreciate all the precautions. Service was a little aloof, but polite and quick. Most of the beers it seemed were from cans, not too much on tap. Their pretzels were so soft and warm! And pretty good cheese, which had unexpected onion in it, but I actually like it. Parking is a bit difficult but since it was a Sunday, it wasn't too bad.
This sprawling German-style beer hall was just around the corner from where we were staying, and it was perfect for an early-evening dinner and beer the night before a long drive back to Ohio.

Our town, Cincinnati, has the first Hofbrauhaus that opened in the United States.  The atmosphere there can be pretty fun, and the Hofbrau beer is of decent quality, but Holy Crap, the food there sure is mediocre, drab. and perfunctory.  Based on our small dinner sampling at Frankford Hall, its owners are paying much greater attention than the Hofbrauhaus does to actually serving good food.  I had a Happy Hour wienerschnitzel sandwich that was only six bucks (if I remember correctly) and quite delicious:  crispy breading, juicy pork, and topped with a crisp, tangy slaw.  A $4 side of German potato salad packed big flavor and was one of the better examples of that dish I've had.  The wife and her brother reported that their German-sausage sandwiches were great, too.

The beer program here is pretty great.  There are eight or ten German beers on draft, with a good variety of styles, and another half-dozen or so American, regional, and local drafts, plus some bottles and cans.   Get ready to get buzzed:  The draft beer comes in half-liter and liter sizes, and the half is basically seventeen ounces.  

The space is really attractive, with a modern indoor section with large windows offering views of Frankford Avenue, a larger outdoor area, and a big bar that has both an indoor and an outdoor side.
Really comfortable atmosphere and easy-to-spot red and white striped door. While I visited Frankford Hall in December, I could definitely see how the open air seating would be a blast in the summertime. The indoor area was nice and cozy with plenty of available tables and benches on a Thursday night.

I told the bartender my beer preferences and she poured me a generous half liter of the Franziskaner Dunkel-Weiss. It was delightfully smooth, nutty, and blissfully void of hoppy flavor. My friend and I had made it in time for happy hour so we scored our beers and hot pretzels for about $6 or so- nice! I went on to order the Weisswurst (which does come with a bun) and a German chocolate cupcake. I was hopeful about the food despite others' remarks, but I have to say it was pretty disappointing. The sausage was decent, but I have had better from the supermarket. I didn't really care for the cabbage accompaniment, it was super sweet and didn't pair that well with my sausage. The cupcake was subpar too.  The frosting had a weird rancid cheese taste and there was a weird clump of sugar-crusted coconut in the middle. The cake base was decent, I guess.

In essence, this is a wonderful spot for after work drinks and relaxing with friends. The seating is ideal for big groups. I recommend going elsewhere for dinner.
Great place to stop by during a spring/summer afternoon to grab a beer and some delicious snacks while enjoying the outdoors and a game of ping-pong or foosball. The staff are helpful and nice and somehow manage to serve dozens of patrons, and the prices are fair.  The one downside is how busy it can become and seating can be a challenge - but it can be worth it if you have the right group. Enjoy!
The quintessential summer evening spot (weather dependent... the vibe's just not as fun inside). Play some jenga or ping pong with strangers, drink beers, have fun.

Minus one star because the last time that I was here, the bar manager asked me and my boyfriend to move to a different table because a party just came in and requested 2 tables next to each other. We said sure- no problem, and he said he'd buy us our next round. I guess he forgot because we paid for our beers the whole night... later he asked us if the bartenders comped us our round and we said no, so he said oh well... sorry about that. (and never offered again)

Honestly I'm not making it a big deal, he was cool, it was a nice gesture even though we still paid. Its not going to stop me from coming back again and again.
Ew. Really gross. The creepy guys at the door were SO RUDE and REALLY AGRESSIVE  while myself and 2 friends were on the sidewalk as soon as we left.  The way he talked to us made me never want to go to another steven starr place EVER again. I am not one of those people who is easily thrown off by others, but these guys were so agressive I thought about calling the cops. Also, while the beer wasn't bad and was an ok price, the food was too little for too much money and was OK at best. Also, I don't care how many oz. the pretzel is, I still don't want to pay 8$ for it.
First time there and we're definitely coming back. My fiancé loves beer so he was plenty happy; I on the other hand don't love it and found the Bier Sangria to be PERFECT. I'm also interested in trying their beer cocktails. We also got the chicken sandwiches and those were delicious. 
All in all, the whole venue was a very chill place, perfect for unwinding after a busy week.
Am I a fan?  Why yes sir (or Ma'am)!!!  Who doesn't like sitting outside on a warm summer night drinking from cauldrons filled with tasty brew and eating a variety of different exotic sausages.  It makes me feel like some sort or Urban Viking.  (I'm coining that phrase by the way so if you use it, tell them Brian C from Yelp started that...lol.)  To make things even better, they have Jenga at every table!  The picnic table setup I like, makes things feel very casual like you're in someone's backyard hanging out.  The insides were pretty fun looking too.  Parking is tough if you get there late.    

I had a sausage made with veal and pork, tasty, very dense consistency.  Awesome batch of fries with the curry ketchup.  I forget the name of the beers I had but they were all delicious and smooth.  

I will return, I will drink to the night with friends, clash mugs together and laugh deeply and loudly into the darkness of the Fish Town sky and we will be merry.
I am in love with Frankford Hall! I have been here twice in the past week and my experiences have been amazing! 

The first time I went was on Valentines day for a friends birthday. We had a decent sized group, which was perfect for this place. All the tables inside and out are great for groups- They all are bench style seating so it's easy to move around and you don't have to fuss about not having enough chairs for everyone. 

When we went out to the yard I was amazed! There a lot of tables, benches, heat lamps and fire pits. Yes, FIRE PITS! We roasted marshmallows and made smores. Seriously my favorite thing I've done at a bar ...I don't know if they have this available in the summer, but I really hope they do because it is so much fun. 

The second time I came here it was just myself and 2 other people. Still an amazing time. I ordered food this time, which was delicious. I had to send my order back because it wasn't cooked just right, but they were more than happy to fix it and gave me a drink on the house as a result. I was pretty impressed. The service from start to finish was great. After eating we roasted some marshmallows, played uno and ended the night with some ping pong. 

Oh and did I mention mulled wine? I've never had it before but it is DELICIOUS!!! I suggest everyone go to Frankford Hall, get a glass of mulled wine and make some smores right now!

I can't wait to see what this place is like in the summer!
I finally made it back to Frankford Hall after my initial bad experience.  What a difference this time around! Gone were the D-bags. Gone was the line. Gone were the bouncers (or at least, gone from sight). 

We got there around 9pm on Friday night.  It was crowded, but not jam packed.  We made our way outside and first sat at a table surrounded by heat lamps, then went and sat around the open fire. Cozy! It was so nice to sit & drink my delicious Spaten Oktoberfest by a campfire. I also sampled a pretzel with mustard (damn, that's got a kick to it!).  It was really good but kind of pricey at $4.  Oh well, this is Stephen Starr afterall...

I figured I'd end up liking this place if I went on the right night. I'll definitely be back to enjoy the cozy outside atmosphere before it gets too cold.
I'm a local - and figured I would need to check this out to get my own opinion on it.

Beer: Living in such a huge brewing area, it's really disappointing that they don't have more local representation. PBC is right down the road! Come on!

Food: spaetzle - meh. And the red cabbage that came with was horrible - overcooked and bland.

Cost: overpriced, natch.

Ambiance: The secret service looking guys with the ear sets seemed ridiculous. It was a weeknight, and they were wandering around like someone was about to open fire on the President. The guests were clearly just there to relax, nobody was getting crazy, but these guys still seemed to be higher strung than a fiddle.
The benches - THE BENCHES! I saw at least 3 people fall off these things while I was there. Not like "OMG I'm so trashed" falling off, but like "Hey guys nice to see you! I'm going to sit down over WHOAAAH!" fall off. Poor choice of the gravel + these benches. Made sitting and enjoying one's self difficult. My advice: find someone with a physics degree to help you get better sitting arrangements.
The crowd: yeah, so being a local, the crowd was definitely not what I'm used to. Is that a bad thing? Not necessarily. Just different. And not what I'm looking for. It's good for you if you normally bar it up in Old City, Manayunk, or any of the burbs. Maybe not so good for you if you enjoy any of the other fine dining/drinking establishments in this neighborhood.

Bottom Line: there are much finer places to go within a literal stone's throw of this place.  Save your money and have better food, and better beer elsewhere.
I'm torn on the place.  It's an awesome location, and has a great layout and looks great.  The area has been in desperate need of an outdoor hot spot and this certainly fits the bill.  Plus, it replaces a bit of blight, so almost anything would be an improvement.

Service - There really isn't any.  You go up to the window and order your beer or food and they either hand it to you or bring it out to you.  Haven't had the food yet, but the bartender was nice.  That could change if it gets packed.

Food - Looks like they have a decent amount of the German standards.  Pricing is a little schizophrenic, though.  The Entrees seem reasonable, even cheap (depending on the quality, of course).  The sausages are a little high, but still tolerable.  But, I just cannot see the reasoning behind an $8 pretzel and a $5+ hot dog.  I mean, seriously.  They had better be orgasmic for that price.

Beer - I mean, really, this is where it's at.  It's not called a "food-garden" or an "ambiance-garden".  Their list is...thin.  Don't get me wrong, if you want German beer, you'll get it.  But, if you're expecting a particular German beer, you might not get it.  And you won't get it cheap either way.  Their drafts are $6+ for a 1/2 liter (a whole extra ounce over a pint) and I didn't see any price benefit to doing a full liter.  $6 works for something unusual, but I didn't really see anything that merited the extra $1-$2 a pint on the list (hopefully, this changes).  And they should really leave the $4 bottles of Miller Lite in Center City where they found them.

Clientele - And this is where the place really suffers.  You've got everything from tan-in-a-can meatheads who don't think the first 5 buttons on their AX dress shirt count to drunken loudmouth fratbrats.  My only hope is that they'll tire of the long journey from Old City, Manayunk and Cherry Hill and the place will be left to a bit more chill group.  Seating is kind of family-style with tables meant to be shared.  I didn't really see anyone there I would have enjoyed sharing with.

I hope for good things, and I'll update after I have the food, but I'm hoping that things don't remain the same.  Frankford Hall could really be an asset to the neighborhood.
I wasn't as impressed with Frankford Hall as most people seem to be. It seemed like a nice space, though. We ended up sitting out by the fire pit, which was really nice. The bar inside was fairly empty and it took quite a while to get our drinks and change. I would definitely come back and give this place another try, but for now, it's just three stars for me.
I could very well see myself here any and every night of the week.  In fact, when my friends tried to pull a relocation move after a few hours, I gave a slight protest.  Slight only due to the fact that I had, um, been enjoying their liquid selections so much.  My Antonia on draft, hellooooo.  The main bar also serves mixed drinks, bottled beers and wine. 

Between our large group, we ate through the whole menu.  I took bites of everything and had no qualms.  We were lucky to score two tables together, things really started getting packed.  My advice is to arrive early and pace yourself.  Setting your own stride is easy, especially since it's up to you to place your orders at one of three counters.

If sitting on a bench, eating and drinking doesn't sound entertaining enough, Frankford Hall also provides a few decks of cards, generic Jenga and other distractions.  I was quite content sitting, sipping and soaking in the gorgeous fresh air.
Oh what I'd do for a place like this in DC. We have beer gardens but none as spacious and awesome as this one. We just made it before the happy hour ended and got to enjoy the grapefruit hefeweizen and the Pilsner 1/2 liters for 5 bucks each! The grapefruit hef was probably one of the best beers I've ever tasted. It was so fruity and delicious, like a vitamin C candy. I wish I could somehow take it home. 
My boyfriend doesn't even like sweet drinks but he agreed that my beer was very good. We also ordered the happy hour specials of the pretzel and spicy brat and both were great. I loved all the condiments, especially the spicy mustard and the curry ketchup. 
I was worried we wouldn't find a seat but the place was not that crowded for happy hour. This place is definitely a must visit on our next Philly trip.
Sticking around Philly for Memorial Day weekend, my husband and I thought Frankford Hall would be a great spot to bring our out of town friends for some day drinking. I didn't have the greatest experience at my last visit during the winter, but I had a good inkling that this time would be different. 

I'm not sure if it was due to the holiday or time of day, but we were able to snag a table for our group of four immediately. Even for a holiday weekend, there was a solid crowd and by the time we left all the tables were occupied and lots of folks were standing around.

We ended up ordering a bunch of food and beer and had a great time. I went for the Weisswurst which was made up of veal and pork sausage. I'm not a sausage expert but it was definitely tasty. My beer of choice for the evening was Bell's Two-Heart IPA. After a few more rounds of beer, we had to try the giant soft pretzel. Let me just say that it made for an awesome drinking snack.

Of course we had to play some jenga or "tumble tower" too. It was amusing to read the messages on the blocks from the other patrons.

So I had a hunch my feelings for Frankford Hall would be different when the weather warmed up. Looking forward to many return visits this summer.
This is a lovely beer hall in Philly. I found this place because it was ranked one of the top 22 beer halls in America by Time Out in 2015.

Frankford Hall was our last stop in our mini road trip from NYC and I'm so glad it was! To be honest, the place looks a lot bigger in the photos, but I was pleasantly surprised to find such a cozy place where they hand you a pack of rumbling towers (aka jenga), play ping pong, and drink beer. 

I had the beer cocktail with grapefruit juice and it was perfect. It was pretty hot (mid 80s) and while beer sounded great, I wanted something lighter and more refreshing. Out comes my beer cocktail! I loved my drink.

On to the food... Our friends ordered the pretzel, bratwurst, fries, and the s'mores dessert. A word of advice: if you're planning to get the s'mores dessert, don't get the pretzel. It's literally the same pretzel except with a s'mores dip. The pretzel was a bit stale though so not sure I would get it again. The bratwurst and fries were good, but nothing special. The curry ketchup that comes with the fries was interesting though.

The real reasons why people come here are for the amazing atmosphere - playing games while day drinking! What could be better?! As for the food, having bites while drinking isn't bad but please eat elsewhere beforehand.
No dogs allowed. Pretty pathetic to have false information on the yelp page of such a popular establishment. Nothing like relying on false information here and planning a visit with friends only to not be let in. Trash
Frankford Hall is exactly what it purports to be, an Americanized German beer hall that is loud, open and airy right in the middle of the dive bar capital of Philadelphia - Fishtown. 

While the clash of industrial strength bleach and patchouli oil overwhelms most bar/restaurants in the the area, at the open-air Frankford Hall there are lots of tasty meats and every permutation of "fried" that involves potatoes and beets. I'll be dreaming of their German Potato Salad for weeks.

This place may be apostasy to Culinary Institutes everywhere but it is a definite win/win if you enjoy a 72 ounce stein of cold suds with your statins. Everyone had a great time and are eagerly looking forward to our next visit.
Could be great, is NOT. way overpriced, filled with douchey meatheads. feels old cityish.
This is pretty much the worst place in the world, filled with the worst people in the world.
If you're a khaki-clad douch from the burbs of Pennsylvania or New Jersey, you will love this place. 
If you live for cross-fit and/or group obstacle-course runs, you will love this place.
If you love waiting in lines because that proves you're at the "in" spot, you will love this place.
If you would pay $45 for deep-fried dogshit because Stephen Starr's name is somehow attached to it, you will love this place.
Our 5th stop on our Starr extravaganza. we transitioned from meals to happy hours. They have a great beer selection, I'm a huge dunkle fan. The food was also very good we tried the pretzel w cheese sauce, the bratwurst and the weinerschnitzel sandwich.   Yard games and smores in the fall sound fantastic.
This is the perfect place to visit with friends on a Friday or Saturday night, especially if you want to spend a lot of time. The tables cater to big groups (cafeteria-style high-tables or picnic benches) and there are a ton of fun games that you can play that get especially entertaining if you're drunk. The outdoor patio area is really neat, especially because it come out of nowhere.

Food and beer is a little pricey and there is no wait service on the tables (at least late at night), but the lively atmosphere more than makes up for it. Will be back!
So you're telling me there's a place where you can go inside to be outside, has a good selection of German beers, super yummy German brats and other goodies, great happy hour prices, enough Jenga to entertain the whole place, some table tennis, and it's 95% picnic tables? SOLD! 

I can see that beers can be on the pricey side, but 4-7pm happy hour means $5 half pints, $10 pints, $3 sausages, and $2 pretzels... really, you can't go wrong. Bartenders and food area peeps are always pleasant. Service is fast and friendly.

And in case I haven't mentioned, there's picnic tables and Jenga. Love this place!
I love this place.  I was in Philly for 3 days and I loved this place so much that I made my friend take me here twice.  The second time I made us hobble here after a half-marathon just so I could drown the pain in my walking appendages in the sweet nectar of beer.

Their selection of beer is great, the servers are fast and professional, the layout is fantastic for hanging out/people watching/chatting with strangers.  Their potato pancakes were delicious.  

Go check it out.  Is it super-yuppie?  Yes, but so what?  Great beer, decent prices, amazing atmosphere.  The world needs more Frankford Halls.
I loved everything about this place and for the fact it reminded me of when I was living in San Francisco is a plus. 

Tons of picnic tables, table games, mass quantities of delicious beer to please any palate and let's not forget about the food. Pretzels the size of my head, multiple types of sausages to share, tasty tasty fries.. you seriously can't have a bad time coming here.

The beers were priced well. The bathrooms, though tiny, were kept mostly clean. There's the cool ping pong table. This space is really about coming together with friends and making new friends in this very social environment. 

I was with a group of 8 people and on a Saturday were able to get a table to ourselves (which perfectly fits 8 people) around 7pm. By 9pm this place was packed! Make sure to wear bug spray! :)
