Another lovely evening at the awesome Friday Saturday Sunday! Went tonight with some friends and enjoyed my favorite cocktail Control State! Had the pleasure of meeting the owner Hannah tonight too, charming lady! Will be back soon!
Friday Saturday Sunday is just as good on a Thursday! 

We decided to sit at the beautiful bar and order up some later-evening cocktails and bites. I love a dimly-lit, cozy bar. It feels so intimate. The kitchen closes at 10:00 PM, so we made it there in the nick of time. 

Their drink and food menu is streamlined and for good reason. It's better to have a few great selections and rock our worlds with them. Their cocktails are fun and fresh (the "Control State" for me and the "Alternative Fact" for him...what unique names)! We sampled the Carrots Confit, the Charred Cauliflower, the Octopus, and the Roasted Potato Gnocchi. Each one was more delicious than the next. Portions were large enough to be filling but small enough to share a few.

The staff takes pride in their menu and that was obvious from the start. And is there anything better than an expertly-crafted cocktail that's made with love?  

This place has a nice local feel and we were welcomed just as warmly as a regular would be. 

If we lived in this area, then we'd be "locals" for sure!
I can't stop thinking about my dinner at Friday Saturday Sunday earlier this week! Especially dessert. More on that later. 

I'd been to the revamped FSS several times for drinks (I love their bar scene and the bartenders are tops!) but Tuesday night was a first for the dining room. My last dinner there was circa 2008. Back then it was a totally different vibe, different menu, different boyfriend! The new iteration is much brighter and very elegant.   

Our server was excellent (I forget his name - he was so patient and knowledgeable!). He knew the menu inside and out and was able to highlight the gluten-free items for one of my friends. In an effort to keep things light, I went with the asparagus as a starter and the halibut entree. I don't think I've ever ordered a veggie for a starter, aside from the obvious salads, but FSS was a great place to try it! The asparagus was beautifully presented and the broth was bursting with flavor and texture from the black walnut crumble. 

My halibut entree was perfection. I was that girl who didn't offer a bite to my friends because I was hoarding it all to myself. Served with a warm potato salad, the halibut was just wonderful. I enjoyed my meal with glasses of txakoli, which was crisp and effervescent. 

All of us were trying to be reasonably healthy but, when dessert appeared on the house, were weren't turning it away! The panna cotta with blueberries was a hit but the black and tan sundae was right up my alley. I can't believe we (meaning, me) managed to leave a few bites behind. I need that sundae in my life again. Safe to say it won't be long before I'm finding a reason to get back!
Outstanding. Phenomenal. Mind Blowing.

Basically, I won a bet and my prize was to pick a restaurant of my choice. Friday Saturday Sunday was at the very top of my list. The menu has such great choices and just the right amount of fancy I needed in my life.

Beautiful bar when you walk in with a white marble top. Please enjoy the raven-esque bird cage hanging out there. Once our party was all in house, we took the journey upstairs and were seated in a comfy corner table in the back.

Our sever, Bud, was awesome. Once he warmed up to our humor, he had a bit of fun too. After listing what we wanted, he did warn us that 11 plates was a lot, but they are meant more for sharing, so we were prepared.

First plates up: Complimentary Lavash w/ honey butter, Beef tartare, Chicken Liver Mousse, Mussel Toast
Second: Pasta Special, Gnocchi, Scallop Ceviche
Third: Charred Cauliflower, Confit Carrots
Fourth: NY Strip, Halibut
Fifth: Black & Tan Sundae

The starter, the Lavash and the honey butter... so damn good. When that's the beginning to your meal you know you're in for a treat.

Hands down, best dish for me- chicken liver mousse. I saw the presentation and to be honest it looked more like pâté and my heart sunk a little, but one knife into it and that creamy deliciousness was as perfect as it could be. Grilled bread is the classic vehicle for this dish and they nailed it all around.

D loved the confit carrots. Couldn't stop raving about them. And that Strip steak, crisp crust, beautifully cooked to perfection. 

H threw out a great compliment to the Scallops, very refreshing. As good as the Halibut was, it was even better the next day! ( We obviously had some leftovers)

If I had to get rid of one dish we had- the mussel toast. It was good, but just not as wow'ing as the other dishes.

After glasses of wine and toasting, the table was full but I saved just enough room for Dessert. Told Bud to bring 3 spoons. The sundae was the ideal ending. D was saying how he had been wanting ice cream, but good ice cream.. and this hit the spot.
The last time I was in this place was 10 years ago, when I had a whole lot less saggy skin and wrinkles, and a smaller belly. 
But luckily my larger belly allows me to enjoy more of the food this time around.
On a random weekday early evening, I sauntered into the space. Right from the beginning the service was lovely. 
We ordered a few things from the menu. Standouts for me were the chicken liver mousse. Light and rich all at once. The bread was toasty and warm.
The salad was well made and the beef tartare was tasty but not one of the standouts. The pasta dishes were also perfectly al dente. The corn ravioli special was so good but a little bit oversalted.
They sent out an extra cauliflower dish which was great!! The panna cotta was a lovely flavor but texturally a bit firm. 
Overall this place is a place I would return to again and again. So glad it's open.
A top notch spot in Rittenhouse that is sure to please, whether its with cocktails or through their food, or ambiance and service. Easily one of my favorite places in the area, and worth a trip across town. The best news is that they are open for more than just Friday, Saturday, and Sunday (haha there is my corny humor but something I still really think about since the first time I saw the name of the place). 

The cocktails are divine and if you are lucky enough to sit with Sasha, you will have a new best friend. She is a master mind with the tools of the bar at her fingertips. Allison is also quite talented too for what its worth. For food I can recommend the shrimp cocktail app (some of the best shrimp I have ever had, large and tasty) and my favorite, the octopus. Honestly could be the best I have ever had. The style of food dances the line between trendy and homey with bold flavors that are sure to please. 

Its often crowded so dont be surprised if you pop in and there is no room at the bar, and if you want a table for a meal, reservations are suggested. Put this place on your must visit list, especially if you are a foodie like myself.
Update: Visit #2 was just as good as the first, if not better. Got the scallop ceviche again, still excellent...the oysters, salad and gnocchi were equally enjoyable. The roasted chicken was the highlight, one of the very few places I'd order chicken regularly. And I will definitely be returning to this place on a regular basis.

My fairly high expectations were definitely exceeded this past Friday night. They've really done an amazing job transforming the old space. Our waiter went above and beyond to ensure a good dining experience, drinks were ridiculous and most importantly the food was delicious. 

The scallop ceviche, escargot and beef tartare were a pretty perfect way to start. Finished with the lobster bucatini and grilled shrimp, some of the best shrimp I've ever had...the lobster bucatini was good, but it was the least memorable thing we had. And anytime I can end an excellent meal with a citywide, I'm a very happy man. Looking forward to going back and trying the rest of the menu.
1.  The food here is outstanding.  The roast chicken is, without exaggeration, the best roast chicken I've had anywhere in the world.  The flavor is intensely bird-like, the white meat is juicy, and the lacquered skin is as addictive as crack.  Their pastas are perhaps the best deal in the city. But do not skip the appetizers (elevated but completely unpretentious) and definitely stay for the desserts.  The Labneh panna cotta is to die for.

2.  The downstairs bar is the coolest bar in all of Philly, with a long marble countertop, and black and white checker floor. It's understated, elegant, and pure class - I want my living room to look like this.  Again, with zero pretense.  The friendliest bartenders in town.  Sasha is 100% sweetheart & can make me smile even after I've had the shittiest 12 hour travel day.  And while Paul's "Assassin's Handbood" was named best cocktail by Philadelphia Magazine, I'm pretty I've had at least 3 other cocktails from him that were better, like the one with some essence of smoked eggplant that was from another planet.

3. Husband and wife team Chad and Hannah are amazing, generous people.  Kudos to them for creating this amazing restaurant.  It's people like them doing things like this that make me love this city and proud to call it home.
Oh my the new Friday Saturday Sunday is an incredible and gorgeous new restaurant in Fitler/Rittenhouse, amazing transformation from the old restaurant! Love that the new owners kept the name. Walking by in the evening when it's dark out, the only restaurant on the block, light pouring out from the giant glass front with hand painted gold lettering and a view of the modern first floor bar. Stunning! 
The menu is narrow and perfect, we shared the gnocchi at the bar and had some incredible fancy cocktails too. The Assassin's Handbook strong and spicy, Control State in a vintage cut stem glass with an anise star floating on top, and my husband had to try the Cart Blanche with smoked eggplant. Loved it all! We will be back soon!!
tl;dr a sophisticated bi-level eatery, showcasing the best of Rittenhouse New American cuisine

Friday Saturday Sunday has recently shot up to the top of many Philly "Top Restaurant" lists, and for a good reason. The restaurant offers an unbeatable dining experience, from decor to service to cuisine. Downstairs, the chic marble bar is bustling with business-casual patrons. Up a steep flight of stairs is an intimate dining room. The space is lit by natural light to begin the dinner service, then candlelight as afternoon turns to evening. Friday Saturday Sunday channels a distinctly Parisian atmosphere, with the antique chairs, golden accents, and abstract prints of country landscapes. A few mirrors help lighten up the room's off-white walls, and the green shutters are chipping off tastefully.

Right off the bat, our server was an absolute delight. My partner wasn't really feeling any of the cocktails on the menu, so our waiter curated an off-menu drink perfectly suited for her palate: the Ooh La La, featuring an apple liqueur with notes of citrus and mint. Meanwhile, I enjoyed my Smoked Eggplant Spritz, which incorporated a smoky eggplant note into the familiar citrus and soda motif.

Our waiter further suggested that we choose a dish from each category to share, so we opted for the Beef Tartare, the Sweetbread Katsu, the Morcilla Creste di Gallo, the Roasted Brussel Sprouts, and the Lobster. As an amuse bouche, we were gifted a Fennel Lavash with honey and butter. The light, crisp bites, with robust sweet and salty flavors, culminated into an ideal appetite-whetter. Soon, we were brought our tartare, served with warm, toasted sourdough. The meat was rich, with strong dill and intriguing citrus shavings. The service was so good that a different waiter, who noticed that we were running low on sourdough, offered to bring more out for us to finish our tartare. Then, the sweetbreads were served like high tea sandwiches, flanked by a buttery toast and decorated with pickled radish and tartar sauce. The combination combined a gluttonous savoriness with crisp textures and vinegary tinge. Following that, our creste di gallo was served al dente in a decadent blood-sausage sofrito, then sprinkled with crunchy pork skin bits. It is no exaggeration to call it the best meat sauce of my life. If we thought the creste di gallo was amazing, then the brussel sprouts were unbelievable. Tossed with tangy custard, and plated in an earthy brother, these were the highlight of our meal. Finally, the lobster was an inventive dish, showcasing parsnip three ways (glazed, fried, and mashed) and plated in vibrant dashi stock. We concluded our meal with the Brownie, a deceptively indulgent dessert featuring slightly undercooked (i.e. extra fudge-y) brownie and thick ice cream, topped with blondie crumble.

Shockingly, Friday Satuday Sunday is just around the corner from my apartment, but I've only just had the opportunity to give it a try. For less than $200, the two of us enjoyed one of our most memorable meals in Philly, and I can hardly wait to go back.
A spectacular, sure to impress, culinary experience. The restaurant is located in what appears to be an old townhouse, with the bar downstairs and about 14 tables upstairs. It's intimate and cozy but it proves difficult to accommodate medium sized parties. 
After reading some reviews, we got the "mussels" toast as one of our plates and it was light on the "mussels" flavor and extremely delicious. Additionally we had the Arctic char, asparagus, gnocchi, roasted chicken, and one of the most marvelous desserts to hit my mouth: the sweet potato and marshmallow parfait. This entire meal left our table of 2's taste buds satisfied and our stomachs not too full. 
This is a place I would absolutely recommend for a date or special occasion night.
A group of my coworkers went to Friday Saturday Sunday for after-work drinks and we were not disappointed! I ordered the Control State drink. It was perfectly made and the star anise on top was like icing on a cake. After two rounds of drinks, we decided to continue our venture on to the other side of the menu and order food. We ordered a few plates to pass around and share. The gnocchi were some of the best I've had in the city. The Lobster Bucatini was phenomenal. The escargot and steak tartare got rave reviews from my coworkers.

We ate and drank at the bar, which had a warm ambiance and was beautifully decorated for the holidays. The bartender, possibly named Paul, was kind and very knowledgable. 

I will definitely come back to the bar and I would love to try dining at the tables upstairs.
What a fantastic meal! It's been years since I have been to Friday Saturday Sunday and when I told my friend I wanted to go back since they re opened she was less than thrilled. The old FSS had become a bit outdated and unexciting. That place is long gone and they redo is amazing! Big bar on the first floor with about 12 seats and plenty of standing room and the beautiful dining room is on the 2nd floor.

My friend had a couple cocktails which she loved and I had some rose- wines by the glass at great price points ($9 for mine). We ordered the scallops ceviche, octopus, beef tartare, gnocchi, the carrots and the Black and Tan sundae for desert. I would recommend all of these dishes! The ceviche comes with a burnt pineapple which is fantastic, octopus over some delicious beans with a little sauce poured tableside, gnocchi light and fluffy and carrots cooked to a sweet perfection. 

Do not skip the Black and Tan sundae it is superb! In house baked everything- rich brownie with salt yes caramel and little bits of sweet things with a bit of house made vanilla ice cream on the side. 

Do yourself a favor and come here for drinks and or dinner!! You won't regret it
Truly one of the best meals we've had in Philly in the last 2-3 years. A fun combination of sophisticated cuisine and down to earth ingredients such as sweetbreads, carrots, labneh. Not too pretentious, not too simplistic. Just right. We will be back soon 

Not five stars for the following two reasons::

Cocktails were hit or miss. We tried four. Two were delicious and complex and two were just "meh".  Not quite as good as The Franklin. 

Service was well paced and professional but also very stiff and aloof. You felt a little bit like just another cover. Waiter never introduced himself though did have good suggestions. Hostess never said hello on way in and just stared at her phone on the way out without as much as a "bye".
Have you ever stepped through a vortex and entered another dimension before?  No?  Well let me tell you about last night:

It was a cold and miserable night in downtown Philly.  The Army-Navy game had finished a couple hours earlier, and Army won by a score of 14-13.  As you can guess, the Army brats were extatic, the Navy brats were annoyed, and the innocent bystanders like us who could care less about college football were caught in the crossfire.

Suddenly we walked into Friday Saturday Sunday and we were through the looking glass and into a magical realm of delicious food, amazing bartenders and sexy everything.  The outside world melted away, and for a few hours, we were safe.

The bartenders here are great.  If you don't see anything you like on the menu, they're happy to talk to you and figure out exactly what it is you like and then they'll create something for you.  The food was excellent.  Highlights were the mussel toast and the roast chicken.

Bottom line: if you need an escape from the madness in downtown Philly, check out FSS.  This place is now going to be a mainstay of any future trip.
Its location is prime - tucked away on a small corner in Rittenhouse - I almost missed it actually! To be honest, it felt like any other cocktail lounge downstairs (dimly lit, hard to see)...until I saw the drink menu and couldn't really decide what to order! The drinks were amazing and the bartenders were friendly and fast.

It's the restaurant upstairs that makes this place truly special. There's just something unique about dining on an upper floor. Although it's only on the second level, the place felt like the upstairs of a home. You could see out the classic home styled windows into the street and it felt less and less than a restaurant and more like you were guests in an unknown residence. Every seat was full, but it felt relaxed and like we weren't in the city anymore.

The downside is that the place is expensive. I'm all for shared plates, but it felt like we had to order a lot of dishes just for the two of us and the prices weren't proportional. In addition, our waiter implied that some of the dishes within the same category were different proportion sizes, which I thought didn't really make much sense. Anyway, we started off with the beef tartare, then the sweet potato agnolotti (HIGHLY recommend), confit carrots, and finally the NY strip. It was actually a lot of food in the end, despite the waiter suggesting we order more. The food itself was incredible. Everything was made to perfection and the plates were very well thought-out. Each plate was brought at different times, and somehow they got the timing perfect. As soon as we finished one plate, another plate would magically appear in front of us. The ingredients were simple, and felt very fresh together and new. Who knew carrots could do so well under the spotlight? I also felt great after the meal - nothing made me feel grossly full or heavy like other restaurants. It was a wonderful evening. 

All in all, the experience was lovely and exciting. It is a truly unique dining experience and this restaurant stands out against the others I've been to.
In-freakin-credible.  

The new Friday Saturday Sunday is simply amazing.   The place looks gorgeous - very cool bar on the ground floor and a super modern looking dining area on the second floor.

We went for our anniversary dinner - they had been open for a couple of weeks.   The bartender is an absolute genius. Every one of the seven specialty cocktails is to die for - and yes, we drank them all.   He then sent an eighth one that wasnt on the menu - one that reminded me of an Indian chaas (kind of lassi).   if i had to pick one drink - i would do the Carte Blanche!  How the heck does he get eggplant into a drink -- this is a cocktail drinker's cocktail.  (as our waiter said - the industry types would LOVE this)

The food is ridiculously good -- tried the scallops ceviche, oysters (twice!!), the tartare, the octopus and the lobster bucatini.  as i write this - i am feeling hungry and want to go there again!!  The flavors that Chad has managed to put on the plates is nothing short of amazing.

and then the dessert -- absolutely try the Labneh Panacotta...oh my god!

This is absolutely a place i need to go to every other week....if not every week!
Friday Saturday Sunday was the nicest dining experience I have had in a long time.  We came Saturday evening with a group of 4 to celebrate my brother's birthday.  

Right upon entering, the restaurant is lovely with a spacious bar area, and warm cozy lighting - perfect for a winter evening.  We ordered a round of drinks which were excellent, including the mocktail that the bartender whipped up for my pregnant sister-in-law.

After drinks, we moved to the restaurant area upstairs, where the atmosphere was equally warm and inviting.  Our server was fantastic - friendly, attentive, and able to make great suggestions regarding the menu.  And the food - every bite was better than the last.

We started with the scallop ceviche and the octopus - both of which were excellent.  

We then did a pasta course with 3 pastas - the gnocci, agnolotti, and gemelli.  All 3 were fantastic - there was a different favorite for everyone.  For me, the gnocci were the hands down winner - I have NEVER eaten better gnocci, they were so light and so flavorful.

The we moved on to veggies and meats.  We had the carrots and cauliflower, of which the cauliflower were a table favorite - really really flavorful.  And then we had the shrimp and grits, and the roasted chicken which was super moist and flavorful.

For dessert we had the Black & Tan Sunday and the Maple Tart.  Both were perfectly sized and just fantastic.

Really, I cannot think of a single way in which the dining experience at Friday Saturday Sunday could be improved.  A fantastic experience all around.
The food really blew me away... everything we had was fantastic, and I really have to recommend the octopus. Like, holy shit. They cooked it perfectly. Aside from that, we had gnocchi, cauliflower, shrimp, and maitake toast. Gonna be hard to get myself to try other things on the menu!

Service was... strange. The uniforms threw us off at first because everyone looked like chefs and every couple minutes, someone would top off our waters with the bottle on the table. I understand attentive service, but it was Valentine's Day and we just. Kept. Getting. Interrupted. Still, everyone was friendly, helpful, and best of all: right on time.

I really loved the old FriSatSun... The new place looks great and the bar is gorgeous, but it feels sterile; the old one was like this romantic little wink of a spot. I mourn a little, but only a little because the new food really is that fucking delicious.
Food was very, very good, a delicate, discerning, detailed touch above most restaurants. Chef came from Amada.   Escargot, or their delicious environment,  were way above good. Scallop ceviche was gorgeous and delicious.  Collard greens and poached egg were original and tasty.   We had chicken and halibut.  Both very, very good.
Menu slightly limited, I would say, only 5 entrees.  Only one salad, raw root salad. They were out of the $50 Sauvignon-:((((.  We did not order dessert, but for my friend's birthday, they graciously brought the most, most delicious scoop of vanilla, sesame, mint chip homemade ice cream, in a gorgeous Anish Kapoor (Cloud Gate) shaped , Limoges white porcelain bowl. 2nd floor dining room ( and bar downstairs ) was packed, and no too loud. Seats near the window upstairs were cushy-tuschy and more private. Waitstaff, very gracious, attentive, knowledgeable and obviously proud to be part of a great new culinary presence.
As the name suggests, I could come here every day of the weekend or even the week. We enjoyed every last bite of our meal and sip of our drinks. We started with cocktails so let's start with that. These were well made and the menu feature a verity of drinks no matter what your poison of choice may be. As far as the food, we didn't have a single dish that I can even knit pick. The collard greens with that amazing flavored broth and the mussel toast were among our favorites. With all of this said, we look forward to our next visit.
Been here 3 times and each time is just as spectacular! From service to food, everything is amazing. You really can't go wrong.

I will say none of the cocktails ever have piqued my interest, but their Prosecco and wine options are great. I recently tried a rose pet-nat that was delicious. 

All the food is very shareable and I like getting a few dishes from each category. It's also a pro tip to order some extra pasta dishes for dessert, because I can literally not get enough of them! My favorite starters are the chicken liver mousse, the octopus, and the mussel toast. I also tried the eggs and caviar recently and that was a wow dish! 

I've tried all the pastas and my favorites are the morcilla with crispy pork skin and the gnocchi. The potato gnocchi is dreamy with fluffy pillows of pasta in a cream sauce that doesn't actually feel heavy at all. 

For a veg, the confit artichokes are a great option with the cashew milk sauce. I liked the butternut squash as well. The roasted chicken is cooked perfectly and the halibut I had recently was delicious and came with a smooth buttery chestnut purée. Highly recommend! 

For dessert, you can't go wrong with the brownie (but first, more pasta). 

I love dining here and will certainly be back!
A recent visit was quite a disappointment, not so much from the food aspect - which overall was quite good, except for the high saltiness of some of the entrees my party had - but instead in terms of the service and tone of our interactions with staff. We arrived right on time for our reservation, and were told we'd need to wait. (I understand that they require a credit card for a reservation, which is fine with me - but then you do expect them to have your table.) We were left standing there kind of awkwardly, wondering how long it would take for them to seat us. One of our party suggested that we go someplace else if the table wasn't going to be ready. So I asked the hostess about the status of our reservation - her reaction was like I was being impertinent. But just then, it turned out they did have a table ready for us. Once seated, our server was adequately attentive, but a bit pushy about how many items we should order. And he gave the impression that he was really far too busy and important to be dealing with us. (I do feel sorry for the servers - they're required to wear these suspenders, and really, it's a pretentious bit of silliness. It must be humbling to come to work and have to get dressed like that. Whose idea was it?) My sense was that FSS is a kind of soulless place - great food generally, but not much human feeling - and leaving, we got the obligatory fake smile from the hostess, a perfect ending to the visit. This evening was especially disappointing, since we had visited previously, soon after the new management took over. We loved the way it had been renovated with the windows opened up (I especially liked the tiny bathrooms, the sinks are quite remarkable), and the beautiful wall decorations. They weren't that busy at that point, and the vibe was completely different. Now we were dragging our friends to the place. It was packed, but just the same, I have the old-fashioned idea that I should feel welcomed when I walk in, and valued as a customer. There are so many other comparable restaurants in town that bother to do that. Probably won't be back any time soon.
One of my fave places in Philly - pricey but worth it. Faves:
- Gnocchi: cooked so well MMs
- Roasted Cauliflower: veggie MMs
- Confit Carrots: so fancy MMs
- Brownie dessert: blondie MMs

Nice service and coat check. Vibes, dress well. Good drinks and selection.
Came here for dinner. Atmosphere is ok. Seems like fancy casual if that makes sense. Waiter service was great and attentive. For appetizers we tried beef tartare, octopus, artichoke and beet pyramids. The portions overall are small here. My favorites were octopus which had a very nice crispy skin and comes with this jalapeno sauce and beef tartare was very different than others I had (finely chopped with some sort of bread crumbs on top with slices of bread.... delicious!). For entree I got the steak which was amazing. Very well cooked. Portion on small side again. For dessert we tried brownie ice cream and parfait. Both were tasty but not highlight of the meal. We had a nice bottle of wine and their cocktails were tasty as well. Definitely recommend this place!
OK.  Bottom line.  This place really is that incredible!  I am often sceptical of glowing reviews until I see 90% are 4 star plus.  Even then I go into the experience with a very critical eye.  But FSS hits it out of the park on all levels.  Service, variety, quality, etc.  But what really stood out were two things.  First, the flavor palette of every dish we had was unique.  And in a very very good way.  We had the:

*BEEF HEART TARTARE 
*SMOKED HERRING SPAGHETTI
*ENDIVE & TREVISO SALAD
and for dessert we had yet another paste, the:
*MORCILLA CRESTE DI GALLO

We were having some trouble deciding on a wine pairing for our courses, especially the herring pasta.  Hanna (co-owner w/ her chef husband) was relentless in trying to get us just the right match for each of our courses. 

Alexander our waiter was excellent.  There when we needed him yet allowed us a leisurely pace for our meal.  

6 years living in Philly, and I am here to tell you this is now one of my top three go to restaurants in town, and is by far the most creative and flavorful menu I've had pretty much anywhere in the world!!  Not kidding.
I'm extremely impressed after my first visit to the completely revamped FSS.  It's a totally different restaurant compared to the old days and that's OK. In fact, you can argue it needed a reboot even as well run as it was in the past. The new layout with the bar downstairs and dining room upstairs works well. It's simply a comfortable space with a fun vibe and the new owners should be commended. 

Now onto the food and I'll keep it short and sweet. Everything my wife and I ordered was stellar. The beef tartare and bucatini were standouts. The escargot and halibut dishes were also both very good.  Slight nod to the escargot regarding which one I liked best but that's splitting hairs. Sorry no pictures, but the presentation and attention to detail was impressive. As was the taste/flavor!

Varied wine list with fair pricing and enjoyed the bottle of Mourvèdre. Unique and could be a go to bottle on return visits if they keep it around. Several Madeira offerings for "dessert" to cap off the dinner also a nice touch. 

That's it. Really look forward to going back and working my way around the menu. Their extensive raw bar is on my hit list next.
I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. My parents used to go to Friday Saturday Sunday as Penn grads. My husband and I, having lived in the city for over a decade, had never dined at this Philly mainstay. After hearing it was under new management and that the changes were positive, we decided to go. 

The service is impeccable. Our waiter, Tim, was incredibly knowledgeable about every dish and steered us in the right direction. We had the root vegetable salad, gnocchi, halibut and steak. Small plates to share. All were prepared to perfection and we literally cleared each plate. The whole experience was incredibly enjoyable that, of course, we had to order dessert. My husband ordered the ice cream trio. He's a Breyer's lover. I was worried that maybe the buttered toast flavored ice cream would be too adventurous for him. He literally was speechless after one taste. I had the pear and cranberry crumb cake, which was wonderful. The shortbread crust was perfect. Maybe the balsamic vinegar could have been left off, but really I have no serious criticisms. 

The restaurant was packed, but we received each plate in seemingly no time. The service is at a level that you really don't see anymore. The attention to the dining experience really makes a difference. I have never written a review like this. I just couldn't not express my delight!
One of, if not the best, meals I've had in PHL to date. FSS had delicious, creative, food in a cozy atmosphere. I loved every dish we had, they were all executed well and flavors were on point. I definitely want to go back to try more and eat some of the standouts again.

We tried a good bit. My favorites were: beef tartare (classic), chicken liver mousse (well balanced), sweetbread katsu (yum), beet pyramids (OMG), and roasted potato gnocchi (pillowy). We also had the octopus, confit artichokes, and morcilla creste de gallo, which were all still very good. We finished things off with the brownie dessert, which was super rich and delicious.

Not a huge restaurant, so reservations are needed. But I'll be back
Had very high expectations and they were met at FSS last night. We got there just before our reservation and were sat promptly. Service was overall attentive but not overdone. We started with cocktails - control state and alternative facts. I really liked control state - it was light and refreshing. Like everyone says the honey and crisp bread they give you to start is super tasty.

We ordered a couple dishes to share and no mains:
- scallop ceviche: very flavorful with the pineapple
- beef tartare: excellent all around, the bread was great too (I desperately wanted to try the chicken liver and the mussel toast)
- octopus: so so good and interesting prep, tasted kind of meaty with beans and broth underneath
- carrots: like everyone says here these are a highlight and the coconut crumble on top seals the deal 
- bucatini: maybe just because this was the last dish but it didn't wow me as much as I expected. Definitely good but not the greatness that came before it.

Wine wise we tried the primitivo and the cab (they let us try them before committing to the glass which I respect and appreciate a ton). Both wines were great - I preferred the primitivo.

I'll be back here - i'd like to try everything on the menu! Also downstairs bar area seems like a good vibe and would love to squeeze in there at some point. 
-
I'm trying to expand my food repertoire to become a true foodie haha, Friday Saturday Sunday is not the type of place I would typically try but I was intrigued by this philly classic which was semi-recently revamped.
I thought the bird cage at the bar right when you walked in was really cool. We sat upstairs, the decor was a bit old fashioned.  Service from start to finish was impeccable! Our waiter was knowledgeable and nice.

We ordered the confit carrots which was a medley of different types of carrots (very unique), the gnocchi (melt in your mouth yet slightly crispy which I loved), and the grilled shrimp and grits. Cool presentation for the shrimp. Weirdly i thought the grits were creamy and amazing but the shrimp was nothing ordinary (other than being huge.) 

Honestly my favorite part of my meal was my amazing/uniquely flavored drink! I had the blurred line, highly highly recommend it. I want to come back again for drinks and maybe a few of the other dishes (the chicken is supposed to be amazing!)
Because we came from NYC, we thought that we wouldn't find restaurants that lived up to what we are used to, but this place was fantastic. 

We loved it. 

Ambience: quiet, neighborhood place, attentive service. 

Food:  delicious. I had oysters to start while my husband had the liver pate. (I'm not a fan in general, but tried a bite and it was grey). 
 
We ordered a shared pasta with crispy pork skin, cauliflower, carrots and lobster. 

Not one dish was mediocre. Everything was delicious and we finished every last bite.
What an amazing place. It has quickly become one of our Philly faves in just a short time. After having a great dining experience for our anniversary, we had been itching to get back. And we finally did last Sunday - and had such a great time, we anticipate this may become a regular part of our "wrapping up the weekend" routine. 

We have had a ton of amazing food here - and many a great wines and awesome cocktails. We also got some education on a slow Sunday mixed in (which made the trip even more worth it). Paul is seriously amazing at the work he does - unique drinks, great service, and so much knowledge. 

We have had oysters, tartare, octopus, the duck two ways (just to name a few). Nothing disappoints. The service overall is exceptional. From the hostess/host staff to the servers, bar staff, etc. These folks clearly know how to deliver a great customer experience.
Time flies so quickly & I have been meaning to come here since it has reopened but didn't find time. Nothing like celebrating a great friend to try a restaurant. Since a friend was leaving town and selected this as the place to say farewell... I finally got here.

I must say the new decor has the restaurant looking wide open and spacious. The menu provided a lot of options. To start the meal we were served a crunchy waffle like bread.  White this was tasty, I prefer a more traditional bread. When requested, the waiter brought warm bread to our table. 

The entree I selected was a pasta with pork belly ragu. The pasta was tender & the pork belly was flavorful. To accompany my pasta entree I had brussel sprouts. The brussel sprouts were good and were served with pancetta. The brussel sprouts had a somewhat tart and savory flavor.

Dinner was great but there was no room for dessert. In the words of the terminator
.. I will be back!
Look, the food is great (the crispy skin on the chicken is what dreams are made of), the cocktails are on point, and the space is a quintessential upscale Philly spot. Unfortunately, the service leaves much to be desired. I've come on three different occasions bringing friends the last two times. The first time my wife and I sat at the downstairs bar and had lovely service from the bartender who expertly kept track of the many parties waiting for bar seats. Perhaps this thoughtful service set our expectations too high for what we would find upstairs in the formal dining room. 

The next time we came we booked reservations with friends for 8 PM on a Friday. We planned to get appetizers, cocktails, and desserts and they acted appalled that we declined the main menu. Everyone in the party agreed that the waitstaff behaved oddly. A month or so later, we brought friends again. This time, we didn't make reservations because we were only planning on cocktails and desserts and didn't want to take a table if it was busy. We arrived around 9:30PM on a Saturday after a show at the Kimmel Center and we just wanted to wind down the end of the night on a sweet note. We were seated right away in a half-full room. Yet, our waiter was so offended that we declined the dinner menu that he told us that the restaurant was only open to customers interested in a full meal. Flabbergasted and embarrassed in front of our out-of-town guests, we agreed to order a vegetable dish to placate him. Philly is a city full of nice restaurants and its prime location makes it a spot that will attract patrons with varying meal needs. 

This could have been a favorite, go-to spot for me, especially to impress out-of-town guests, but their service needs some work before it can achieve that.
My fiancé and I had such a great experience at Friday Saturday Sunday. We were celebrating an anniversary and had never been here before. Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and answered our questions with detailed descriptions and had great suggestions for cocktails and food. 

We ended up ordering Brussels sprouts and mussel toast to share first. I was seriously baffled by the mussel toast because I had no idea it would be as good as it was. I would never come back here without ordering it. After this, we both ordered entrees which were the perfect size after sharing two small plates. I ordered sea bass and he ordered the NY strip. The sea bass was in a lobster cream sauce that had a hint of lemon and the potatoes that came with it had a mustard flavor which I was loving. The strip came with mashed potatoes and everything was cooked perfectly. 

Because the food was so amazing, we knew we needed to try desert and ordered the brownie and 2 espressos. The brownie was almost deconstructed and had crumbles on top and toffee and vanilla ice cream. Again, amazing choice. 

One of the best parts of Friday Saturday Sunday too is that even though it's a smaller restaurant, we never felt rushed through our dinner and the service was really wonderful. I cannot recommend this restaurant enough and we can't wait to return (hopefully very soon!).
Really funny story!

So we went down to Philly on a day trip, and my boyfriend's parents practically forced us to eat here. They'd eaten at Friday Saturday Sunday  years back and raved about it. Famous for their taste in food his parents are not, so I initially held some skepticism. Alas - my research revealed a 4.5 star Yelp rating, which inspired me to acquiesce, taking the risk inherent in trusting folks less food-driven than myself.

We tried to call in a reservation but the joint was full (it was a Saturday evening). No matter! To the bar seating we go. When we arrived, we found a romantically lit establishment, far too urbane for the boyfriend's parents' usual tastes. Nonetheless, we took our seats, sidling up to a 3/4 full bar on the first floor. What ensued was nothing less that gastronomical perfection. I would describe each item we tried as the actual balance between foo-foo food and hearty, delicious, modern cuisine. The embellishments were delivered as a vital component of each dish, not esoteric afterthoughts. Exactly the kind of fine dining I dig most.

We wavered between three of the pasta dishes, and decided on two. The effusive and knowledgeable bartender actually sent us out the third one (the one we omitted) gratis. To put it in his words, "I couldn't let you leave without trying it." That's exactly the kind of touch that would bring me back time and time again.

Oh, and the funny story? This is a recent iteration of the establishment: same name but new husband + wife chef team, brand new owners. Nothing at all to do with the place my boyfriend's less than picky progenitors had recommended (besides the lovely Rittenhouse Square location, and the ever-so-clever name.) Our bartender - truly a wealth of information - described the past version of the joint as something of a "coke den."

Makes you wonder what my boyfriend's parents were up to back then...
Warm and inviting space, relaxed and professional staff, perfectly prepared tasty food and drink. Roasted chicken was hands down best I've ever had. Beef tartare was spot on. Comfy seating and table spacing which seem to be sorely lacking in other restaurants these days. I look forward to frequenting often.
We came here late on a weeknight, and it was bustling! Friday Saturday Sunday is a great neighborhood restaurant, serving up high-quality food and unique drinks in a more informal setting.

At the beginning of our meal, the upstairs dining area was super (super) loud and busy - as a result, conversation was a bit difficult and our waiter seemed somewhat distracted. He did take the time to explain to us that the menu was shared-plates style, but then it took a while to get our drink and food orders in, and our first couple dishes came out in a peculiar order. (I say this because we ordered the some of the same dishes as the table next to us, who ordered 5-10 minutes later, and they got those items before we did.)

However, once our food arrived, the rest of the meal was wonderful. We really enjoyed our bucatini - the breadcrumbs and savory seafood were just delicious. We also loved the halibut and the New York Strip - we've never had such a tender and decadent rendition of that cut of steak! We also loved our drinks - I had the Well-Tempered Cocktail, a potent yet balanced gin and whiskey-based drink, and my dining mates enjoyed the Alternative Fact (tequila-based) and commented that the wine selection was quite good.

As things quieted down towards the end of our meal, our waiter warmed up a bit, and the meal finished off on a high note with a lovely mousse neapolitan cake. I'm quite happy to have discovered this place - my one recommendation is please, install some kind of sound proofing!
Came here on Friday -  it was the best way to celebrate this glorious day of the week! 

The place had a relaxing vibe: we walked out mellow and happy while having absolutely no alcohol in our bloodstream! No regrets about our Friday night spent at this restaurant due to their excellent service and delicious food. 

While the portions were not American, the taste made up for the size to price ratio. We ordered half a dozen of oysters - they were not large but wow! I ordered octopus - equally satisfying. Sea bass was as flavorful and mouthwatering as was the octopus. Mussel toast was so very good as well. The toast was addicting - crunchy, irresistibly fresh.Mussel toast is my new way to say "Mazel tov."

The waiter was attentive, amiable, and knowledgeable. Timely delivery and logical sequence of delivery earned this place another customer. 

Wow, what an unforgettable Friday we had. Solid 5 stars! Craving this place now,and it's been only a day later. Highly recommend.
This is an amazing restaurant. The ambiance is awesome. Not too loud and nice lighting. Perfect place for a date or  dinner with friends. There is a bar downstairs and dinning upstairs. The steak, gnocchi, and bucatini were my favorite. The brownie dessert was my delicious. Honestly you can't go wrong with any choice. I highly recommend checking this place out!
While looking for a place to have a seafood focused dinner, I came across this place. I had been here many, many years ago prior to the new management. This place really is top notch, from the quality of service (and quality of food) to the knowledgeable staff and amazing dishes. I highly recommend a trip to this place!

I believe our server was Tim (that's what was on the check) he was exactly what I hope for when you go out for a great dinner. He was able to answer all questions we had about the menu as well as offer suggestions based on your choices not random suggestions which most servers do. 

The food was exquisite! Oysters with a frozen lemon mignonette, was so delicious and a balance of flavors. Scallop ceviche was good but possibly a bit light for my taste, again nothing wrong, just personal opinion. Chicken Liver Mousse was very smooth and served with crusty bread and a complex array of accompaniments to enhance the flavors, delish. Gemelli pasta, house made with caraway and crispy pork belly, excellent. I don't often order pasta in a restaurant unless it's super interesting, and this was. Homemade chocolate curry chili ice cream!! Need I say more?

I am rating this place 5 stars, which I almost never do, I save the 5 star rating for those places that truly deserve it.
Summary: The food is next to none. That fifth star however, was lost to the service and atmosphere.  Service was incredibly slow and the atmosphere was a bit too loud for normal table conversation.  I would come back again because the food is really next level, but it's not going to be pleasant if I have to scream at my dinner partner and wait endlessly for service.

Food & Drink:  
We essentially ordered one or two things from every second of the menu.  

Raw Bar: We got oysters and scallop ceviche to start.  Both were exceptional.  The meyer lemon mignonette sauce was an interesting and delicious mix of salty and spicy topping for the oysters. The ceviche was also divine.  The pineapple really went well with the consistency and sweetness of the scallops.  This dish was bit slimy and didn't resemble any ceviche I've ever had, but it definitely worked.  

Land & Sea: We ordered the Octopus and Holy Moly I have never had octopus like this.  It was also the consistence of a tender piece of chicken.  It was made crispy on the outside and smooth on the inside.  The flavor was amazing and it seemed very fresh.  The bean were fine with this dish, but they were a little too salty to eat on their own after we had already devoured the octopus.  

Pasta: The Bucatini Allo Scoglio was a recommendation from the waiter and wow was he right.  The noodles were thick and came in almost a paste like sauce. The dish came with squid, mussels, charred ramps, and xo all mixed together.  They also made sure to give a good amount of seafood in this dish so that the dish didn't end up being dominated by only noodles. 

Vegetables: Yelp does it again! I read on here that Yelpers were loving the Confit Carrots so we got that and wow.  I bet you've never had carrots like this.  They were so good that my friend and I thought we would be taking home left overs, but when we started eating this we instantly knew that plate would be leaving the table empty and all its contents would be in our belly.  The coconut crumble and the carrot yogurt really set this dish off and it was beautifully presented.  Honestly, this is going to be a crowd favorite as long as it's on the menu. 

Plates: We ordered two plates: Halibut and grilled shrimp.  Because these were our last dishes, I might have been a bit more critical of them, I mean how could you follow up those carrots.  Sadly, the Halibut let me down.  It was just ok, not special like our other dishes.  I would have loved the same level of creativity with the rest of the dishes with this one.  Same with the shrimp and grits.  Now, I love shrimp and grits, but these just didn't wow me.  The taste was more cheesy than flavorful and the cabbage was not exciting in the least.  The shrimp was also pretty salty when I was hoping for a little more tang.  

Drinks: I had the alternative fact, and I wasn't impressed.  I didn't taste much alcohol and the flavors did not really do the tequila any justice.  We switched to wine and that was much better.  

Atmosphere:  This is where you will find that extra start FSS.  The vibe here is way more casual than I anticipated.  I get that you can't help how loud your patrons are and how rowdy they will get. And by rowdy I mean that my table neighbor actually fell out of his seat, glasses hit the ground shattering everywhere, patrons holding their breath not knowing whether to laugh or be concerned.  Thankfully the man was ok, but for the caliber of food (and the price) I wouldn't have expected that.  Besides just that incident, it was difficult to hear my friend who was right across from me.  

Service: Look the service was excellent when we were being served, but there was so much down time in between plates. We were told it was a small plates sharing kind of place, so we kind of though they would know how to keep the flow going, but we at one point went 15 minutes from the time our plates were cleared from one dish until getting the next (and not every table was occupied so they were below capacity).  Our waiter seemed to be taking care of everyone and, in the meantime, we were left to drink warm sparkling water and flag down anyone we could for a wine list and our check.  That could really be improved. 

Notes: This is not a place for a group.  You won't be able to talk to one another and the space is very tight.  It's best for one on one, or maybe a double date but anymore than four, and you will be screaming like your at a baseball game looking for a miller light.
One of the best experiences are the unexpectedly ones. Having arrived in Philadelphia for a brief stay, we asked a few people for some suggestions for a quick dinner and, suggesting this somewhat hidden restaurants on did they do us a solid. 

1) The Good:  From start to finish, our dinner consisted with one special dish after another.  

The Chicken Liver Mousse was amazing. And I am NOT a fan of liver of any sort. Smooth, flavorful and unique. 

The Gnocchi - like none other I have had. Very light, airy with a clean and fresh taste. 

Confit Carrots -I mean....anyone that can make carrots be better than, carrots, wins my vote. So good. 

2) The Bad:  when I knocked over a win glass and broke it. :(

3) The Ugly:  Our waiter's sleeves. Ok, they are actually NOT ugly. They were super cool. So was he. Really cool guy. 

Check this place out. Very simple menu loaded with creativity. Amazing cocktails. And a staff that really knows there stuff. LoVed this place.
AMAZING. I'd give it ten stars if I could. Had the mussel toast, seafood tower, potato gnocchi and beef tartar. Incredible food and best service I've had in Philly. Ari was a particular help. Exquisite dining experience. Cocktails are perfect for dates, so is dinner. Dates, special, occasions, or for treating yourself... You won't be disappointed.
I took my husband last weekend for his birthday and we both felt that this was one of the best meals we have had in awhile. The service was great; our waiter provided helpful descriptions of the cocktails and dishes and offered great suggestions on what we should order. We tried several cocktails and were amazed at how ingredients that do not sound like they would go together on paper could create such tasty drinks. We had the oysters, halibut, octopus, bucatini, and cauliflower. The pasta was cooked perfectly I loved the sauce on the halibut. Everything was delicious; I could not recommend this restaurant enough.
Really impressed with this place and everything we ate here! I've been pretty "meh" about food lately and feel like every nice place hasnt been anything special. Here, everything tasted so good!!

Things I stuffed myself with:
-Escargot- yummy with the biscuit! No shell so it freaks people out less. It's like a different and lighter version of the green garlic butter sauce it's typically served with....we ordered second rounds of this
- Scallop Ceviche- this is soo good!!! Fresh tasting and they have these salt flakes and the presentation is so cute...we also got seconds
-beef tartare- this was good! All the others had so much flavor that i kinda forgot about it but thinking back, it was fresh tasting and i enjoyed it
-free chips- they serve these honey chip things with honey butter. Our table had like 4 or 5 plates. And by "our table", i mean me. Wtheck they're so good.
- cocktail...i think it was Cloudbreaker. Tasted like i was drinking cake, but not too sweet. I really like sweet drinks though so it might be sweet for you. But i don't like TOO sweet drinks so it was just fine. So good. Really unique and i like.
-octopus- probably my favorite along with the scallops!!! So chewy and soft and flavorful and a thick piece! I would've liked to get more of this. It tastes like other places'octopus dish like bravo in Portland or kokkari in SF do not super unique I guess but still so good

Main dishes
-halibut- this is where I start getting bored with restaurants because they all taste the same like something I can cook if I actually bought groceries. BUT IT WAS SO GOOD. It had this like very smooth sweet potato puree with this almost thai curry subtle flavor. And I HATE curry or soy sauce when I'm not at an Asian restaurant but this was done done perfectly
-had a bite of the gemelli with pork belly. It tastes more like a bunch of bacon mixed with pasta vs the thick pork belly I was thinking. Packed with flavor though but I don't think I could eat it as a whole meal

Dessert
-grapefruit panna cotta- for the table to share but i ate it all even though I was stuffed. The grapefruit was crusted with this sugar or something. SOO good. It was crunchy. There's also a cracker on it but I didn't care for it
-some brownie. It had ice cream and this salted caramel sauce that was so good. I would've eaten this too if the ice cream hadn't melted by the time we finished the "waiting to see if others are eating before we morph into the garbage truck and demolish everything" game

Basically, first meal here and I didn't go anywhere on the list of places ppl gave me and instead went to this place that only had 25 5 star reviews and so glad I did
Two stars for delicious drinks, but service and atmosphere was rude and bizarre. My friend and I were told to move from our upstairs table once our server realized we were only ordering cocktails and a snack... apparently upstairs is for dinner guests only. No one mentioned this requirement when I made our reservation, when I was seated, or when we ordered - a manager looking guy came up to us and said we'd need to move.

The menu was made up of small, fancy plates and nothing sounded appetizing for a meal. Plus, it was early after work on a Wednesday. There was only one other table with people upstairs and we didn't see many others come in after we were booted... we would have, too, since our new spot was right in front of the door. Servers and bartenders seemed very young,  trying to be edgy with tattoos and colorful hair. They were constantly attending to us in a way that felt like they were supposed to hurry us out if we weren't dining there. For $50, I'd rather get drinks and a pile of cauliflower somewhere where people are friendly and a little bit more self-aware. We won't be back, and will be sure to steer our friends and colleagues away from this place. Fri Sat Sun needs to stop trying so hard to be upscale and consider a friendlier atmosphere if they want to appeal to young professionals and have guests return.
After hearing the acclaim, I came in on a Thursday to try some of the dishes. The upstairs features an intimate area with dim lightening, candles on the table, and an exquisite menu. Featuring various small plates, the headliners include meat and sea, starters, pasta, and mains. Side note--duck is on the menu; you probably won't make it in time to have it though. I was told there are usually only two plates available that sell out very early in the evening. My meal was absolutely delightful featuring various dishes from the menu sections. My favorite was the mussel toast and the lobster. The cocktails were strong and seasonal featuring fresh ingredients. While everything was excellent, I will be returning next for the duck!
We loved our meal here, and we had high expectations as well! The menu is sorted into several sections (raw bar, surf and turf, veggies, pasta, main dishes), and you can order one from each section to make a worthwhile meal.

We enjoyed all of our courses, including the Arctic char, which had pomegranate seeds in it for color and texture, and the sweetness contrasted with the citrusy and bitter sauce. The sweet potato was worth $11, despite my preconceived notion that it wouldn't be; it also had great texture with crunchy things on it as well. Brussels were great, and the striped bass was perfectly cooked. We got the cheesecake and biscotti as well, and I think they were even better than the other dishes!
A fantastic addition to Philly's fancy delicious dining repertoire! This place is super cute and a great spot for a date or celebration dinner. Downstairs there is a bar with a wide variety of mixed custom cocktails as well as wines, great spot to hang at before coming upstairs for dinner. Every table was full and remained full throughout our time there! It is a little tight in terms of seating but it does make it cozy. We had a great waiter who made helpful recommendations for things to order. To start, the table got crispy cracker things with some butter which was really sweet and a bit odd as the starter. For appz we ordered the oyster toast which was nice and salty on fresh bread. We also tried the octopus which was pretty good. Next was a really hardy pasta dish, tons of flavor! The best and most favorite thing were definitely the beet ravioli pyramids. This was a new addition to the menu and I hope it remains! Our final dishes were super delicious Brussels sprouts and cauliflower accompanied by the lobster (which was very good but super tiny portion). All of these items were split among four people so it was enough to taste everything and get very very full. For dessert we closed it off with an amazing tropical panacatta as well as a fancier version of the brownie (which was ok). Overall this was a great experience and would highly recommend!
Though the food was good, I didn't leave Friday Saturday Sunday wanting to rave about my meal. Would I return? Probably not for the portions vs price point. 

To start, I shared the octopus served over beans. It was my first time trying octopus and I really enjoyed the chargrilled flavor. 

For my entree, I had the roasted chicken with butternut squash purée. It was just a basic bone-in chicken dish... nothing special. None of the entrees really jumped out so I sort of settled on this. I also shared the carrots and cauliflower side dishes. Both extremely small for 3 people to share. 

None of the cocktails sounded appealing to me either, so I just had bubbly. Maybe my expectations were too high going in, but I truly don't understand the hype about this restaurant.
Absolutely wonderful! My boyfriend and I came here for my birthday dinner, and were seated upstairs. The decor of both the bar on the first floor and the seating area on the second floor is beautiful. This is definitely a great date spot. Our waiter was knowledgeable and gave great recommendations for our meal.

We decided to start with oysters, which were delicious. We also ordered the chicken liver mousse that had a beautiful presentation and was quite delicate. For our entrees, we ordered bucatini and steak tartar, both of which we loved. As a side we got the charred cauliflower which I also recommend. Finally we ordered espressos and they brought me the brownie and ice cream dessert with a candle, and it was the perfect end of our meal!

This restaurant was lovely and I plan on coming back!
My favorite restaurant in Philly - I often only go for special occasions but I'm never disappointed. I have yet to try a drink from here but based on what I've seen they look great.

My favorites are the foie gras/liver appetizer - it's extremely creamy and comes with bread that has a perfect crunchy texture. For the dessert go with the recommended chocolate choice. 

The wait staff is very professional! Make sure to make reservations as the upstairs isn't super big.
I made reservations here for two friends visiting out of town and me. My friends are familiar with Philadelphia and its restaurant scene from their time living in the area a few years back, but somehow, we never made it to Friday, Saturday, Sunday. When it popped up high on a best restaurant list, I figured we should try it.
We arrived understanding that we would be served a prix fixe menu. At the time I made the reservation, I sent a screenshot of the menu to my friends to make sure it was a place they would be interested to try. What none of us noted was the disclaimer that the menu would change frequently due to "availability of seasonal ingredients."  One of my friends does not eat red meat, which would not have been an issue if we were being served from the menu available when I made the reservation. Alas, when we arrived, we realized the menu that evening featured three dishes with red meat.
Now obviously, this was not the restaurant's fault. I did not pay attention to the fact that the menu would change. I had every opportunity prior to our dinner to disclose dietary restrictions and did not. Once we alerted our server, they made every effort to accommodate her by bringing her extra portions of other courses. I mean, short of sending someone to the butcher, there was not much they could do. Now, my beef - free friend is probably the biggest foodie of the three of us and has a pretty impressive appetite, so we spent a few minutes teasing her about what her second dinner that night was going to be.  Unfortunately, I feel like some of our jesting may have been overheard and taken seriously. Towards the end of our meal, a woman who introduced herself as the chef's wife came over to our table to apologize if they hadn't met expectations. She said her husband would have been happy to accommodate any of our restrictions. Folks? She seemed so upset and sincere that my friends and I felt absolutely horrible. We assured her that it was our (my) fault, not hers, and the truth was, we did have a great time.
Some of my favorites that evening included the beet cappelletti, halibut, and a perfectly cooked New York Strip. And for someone who finds that high end restaurants can miss the mark with their dessert by trying a bit too hard, their bay leaf semifreddo with rhubarb and crispy meringue was amazing.
Anyway, if you are up for a creative and well-prepared menu with a side of excellent service, this is your place!
Went for dinner on a weeknight - have walked past innumerable times and went for happy hour once (tasty but somewhat pricey drinks), but after it was rated so highly on Philadelphia mag's list of local restaurants I wanted to see what all the fuss was about. 
From a food standpoint, I can see why it's so highly thought of.  The dishes are extremely flavorful and well prepared.  Things we ordered: the gnocchi, the chicken liver mousse (which we actually got for "dessert" - comparable to a similar dish at the Dandelion), the chicken entree (which was perfectly cooked with a rich au jus), and the lobster entree (delicious, though on the small size portion-wise).  None of the dishes disappointed as far as taste was concerned.  The gnocchi and lobster dishes were definitely on the smaller side though, so I was left still hungry after sharing an appetizer and my entree, so we ordered some "dessert".
5 stars for the food and ambience, but somewhat small portion sizes make it not the best value around - definitely a splurge/special occasion kind of place.
We came here with high hopes after hearing great reviews and our dinner did not disappoint! 

As many mention the restaurant is tiny, so you'll want to make a reservation just in case. They take reservations via OpenTable but you can call directly as well. 

We started off with drinks and ordered the Control State and Judgement of Paris - both were well balanced and easy to drink with dinner. My bf thought JoP tasted 'basic' but he later ordered the Man for All Seasons later on and really enjoyed it. 

Dinner wise shared the chicken liver mousse, mussel toast, beet pyramids and roasted chicken. Between two people I think this was the perfect amount once you count the complimentary bread course and extra toast that came with chicken liver mousse. 

Would definitely order the chicken liver mousse again - a bunch of different flavors but when you layered them together it worked! I also really enjoyed the beet pyramids with the goat cheese/honey filling. It was a smaller portion, so we made sure to savor each one lol. Star of the meal was for sure the chicken. So juicy!!! Even the white meat. Probably one of the best roast chickens I've ever had. The broccolini was on the saltier side, but eaten with the other sides it mellowed out. 

For dessert we had the ice box parfait. Best part was the homemade toasted marshmallow :)

Service was great and prices aren't tooo insane. Hope to be back again!
Sometime after Friday, Saturday, Sunday opened in the 70's they had an advertising slogan, "Friday, Saturday, Sunday, loves you every day". That's how I feel about them - then and now. 

It's hard to take a long standing beloved neighborhood business and change it. But, change they did and while different, it's at least as wonderful.  

Everything I have eaten during several meals since Friday, Saturday, Sunday has reopened has been divine. Pastas are homemade and just incredible. The roasted chicken has become one of my favorites. I had the halibut (pictured) the other night and it was moist to my liking (and my friends' well done by request), fresh and delicious. It was beautifully served with sweet potato purée I would have liked more of. 

Always a delicious meal!
Let me first say that I never eat shellfish but I made an exception when I knew I wanted to break my personal rule.

I wanted to make sure my last night in Philadelphia was memorable so I went on Yelp to picked a restaurant which had high ratings and served oysters, got dressed up, and made my way here. If you want to come here and you don't have a reservation then good look being upstairs or at the bar. I was fortunate enough to be dining alone and there was a spot open at the bar. I started me dining experience by enjoying oysters with rosé while talking to the friendly bartenders to determine what I should order next. I steered by the knowledgeable bartender to try the beef tartare and geeze he was right about ordering this delicious, mouthwatering, eye pleasing meal. I finished my food experience with their brownie which was recommended by another helpful bartender and another pleasing recommendation to end my food experience. 

Food: I give an A+
Hospitality: A+
Ambience: A+
Price: Somewhat expensive (someone who is on a budget); however worth every penny based on experience
Amazing! This place is so beautiful, balancing elegance and comfort for a wonderful dining experience.  The service was on point as well.

Not to mention the DELICIOUS food!! Everything we ordered tasted amazing - you can tell the chef carefully designed each dish. There were some really unique flavor combinations as well as some time-true classics.

The maitake toast was my favorite
I was struck by a few things, first that the food is amazing, next that the staff is super professional and friendly. The decor is also lovely and I love that they have a good prosecco by the glass. The raw course was fresh and delicious, with the best beef tartare I've had in the US.
Friday Saturday Sunday- Philadelphia, PA- 3.75- Stars 

The City of Brotherly Love is known for several things, such as being the hometown of Benjamin Franklin, putting a jersey on William Penn's statue during playoff runs and for throwing snowballs at Santa while he was visiting an Eagles game.  However, during my time here, and I know this is no secret but, I have also come to realize that Philly should be better known for some damn fine eating establishments as well!  Frangelli's comes to mind (if you have never had a franolli get thee hence--pronto!) and my current subject of review, the restaurant with the three-day name, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.  

Friday, Saturday, Sunday is conveniently located in the old neighborhood just west of Rittenhouse Square on the corner of Rittenhouse and 21st.   Having been open since 2016, they are quickly making a name for themselves in and out of the neighborhood.  Upon entering I was slightly taken aback by how small the dining area was, it's just a tiny room (make a reservation).  After being led to our table and handed a menu I noticed the place felt bigger than it looked.  Glancing at the walls, I attributed this to the scenes depicted throughout the establishment.  With big, sweeping landscapes, they lent an air of openness to an otherwise cramped space.

We were soon approached by a fantastic human by the name of Layton who came to take our order.  Layton was well groomed, professional in his approach and had a fantastic personality.  After a few minutes just enjoying his engaging personality, I put in an order for a $413 Million Dollar Baby cocktail, Shrimp Cocktail, Chicken Liver Mousse, and Lobster.  It wasn't long before Layton returned with my cocktail, and what a cocktail it was.  This cocktail is an ingenious concoction of Scotch, Oloroso Sherry and lemon-coriander shrub.  The result was a massive depth of layered notes of goodness.  

After allowing me ample time to savor the delightful drink in front of me, Layton returned with our food.  As one can see by the posted pictures, the presentation was flawless and the plates looked like works of gastronomical art. The bread was fresh, warm and had just the right amount of chewiness to crust as one would find in any fine dining place in Paris, New York, or Los Angeles.  The Shrimp Cocktail came with some of the biggest, sweetest, freshest tasting prawns I have had.  The homemade cocktail sauce contained notes of horseradish,  red pepper, fresh tomato and was absolutely to die for.  The Chicken Liver Mousse looked like Braunschweiger but tasted even creamier.  The side of Carrot Confit (made of several varieties of the tuber) was cooked unevenly and not pleasant to eat. The date molasses threw the dish out of balance.

This brings us to the final item in our order and the last to be reviewed, the plate of Lobster with green garden dashi and parsnips.   The huge chunks of Lobster meat were luscious and presented flawlessly, the parsnip purèe was a pure delight on the palate.  If there was any drawback to be found in this course of crustacean it was that I found the reduction sauce to be ever so slightly lacking in flavor.  The depth and complexities of flavors found throughout our meal, from my opening cocktail to the Chicken liver had set the bar high and I was expecting to be blown away by the sauce.  Alas, I was not.  It was good, just not what I had come to expect from the previous items.  

The Big Boy says, "For amazing, complex drinks, Slightly Above Average eats and awesome service you can't go wrong with a stop at Friday, Saturday, Sunday.  Sadly, I found out no matter how much you try, you can't stay for three whole days.  Something about table turnover..." #iamthebigboy #bigboydiningout
Man, this has probably been one of the best meals I've had so far in 2017!  I must say that the decor and ambiance are on point to match the food as well.  Fri/Sat/Sun checks off all my must haves for a great place to eat with excellent service, great food and a fair price point.  A huge shout out to their service staff that are very knowledgeable and polite and strike that fine balance of checking in JUST enough.  Food wise, there were no bad plates to be had, with my group of hungry eaters who wanted to sample everything we did more of a family style and I would order every plate again ESPECIALLY the pate, octopus and chicken.  I think we returned those plates to our server spotless.  Fri/Sat/Sun definitely works its way into one of my favorite eatery/date spot recommendations for this burgeoning Rittenhouse dining area.
Stop what you're doing right now and go make a reservation. My husband and I ate at the new FSS last night and it was hands-down one of the best meals we've had in Philadelphia (and we've had a lot of good meals here!). Everything we ordered, from the scallop ceviche to the beef tartare to the chicken liver mousse, was superb: beautifully presented and perfectly prepared with unexpected flavor combinations that set the menu apart. (These adjectives also apply to the roast chicken, which is not usually a dish that I order in a restaurant to begin with, let alone rave about.) 

Paul, the bartender, has a creative and thoughtful cocktail list (who ever would have thought that smoked eggplant syrup had a place in a cocktail?) and Hanna, who personally designed the interior with a stunning marble bar and gorgeous quarter-sawn oak paneling salvaged from a building in NYC, has created a space that feels simultaneously modern and also grounded in the past. 

My only hesitation in writing this review is that FSS will become so popular that I won't be able to get a table there (which I intend to do again, very soon). Seriously, people, cast aside your notions of the old FSS and come check it out. It's a true gem.
Delicious, creative food with a helpful staff. A few minor tweaks and it would have been perfect!

Came for a late second dinner at 10:30pm. The beef tartare was delicious! Perfectly seasoned with nice crusty toasted bread. The oysters were not perfectly shucked, but they seasoned them and serve it with a lemon granita which is fun and interesting. The scallop ceviche was also creative with charred pineapple. The trotter gemelli was a bit salty but the texture was perfect. Cooked al dente with bits of meat and fat.
Wow. I would give extra stars if I could. The staff was excellent explaining all of the menu options and  you could obviously tell they knew what they were talking about. I had the Halibut for the main option and it's melt in your mouth. We went with a party of four and tried all of the desserts. They were delicious. We all shared the pasta options as well and they were all delicious. The music was great, vibe was upscale but super chill and the service and food were perfect. Amazing Saturday night out with good friends. We plan to go back soon.
Awesome dining experience. We were seated upstairs. The lighting was dim, which is perfect for a romantic dinner. I was dining with friends at this particular time and came in relatively late(10:15ish) after leaving a Sixers game. The waitstaff was as amazing as the food. Our waiter, Tim, was particularly knowledgeable and very friendly. He gave some great recommendations and was very patient. I had the scallop ceviche and the halibut. Both were very good and the the entire experience warrants a return trip.  

FYI - Street parking is a bit of a challenge. I parked at a parking lot around the corner for $25.
What an amazing dinner! This is our new all time favorite in Philly. My wife and I celebrated her birthday at Friday Saturday Sunday. I messed up the reservation but they were quick to bail me out. The food and service were phenomenal. It is clear that the staff is well trained to make sure that your experience is top notch: drinks were ordered at the bar but seamlessly sent to our table, dinner service was top notch and a candle for the birthday was added to the desert without specifically requesting it. (I mentioned my wife's birthday in a casual conversation with the host.)

We had oysters with divine meyer lemon mignonette, excellent: chicken liver mousse, octopus and halibut and excellent panna cotta and plum tarte tatin for desert.

Thank you for an amazing night!
Chef Chad and his entire team have the best restaurant in Philadelphia! My wife and i were taken on a culinary experience second to none. Every dish we had was better than the last. Benji made sure we drank the perfect wine for each course. Rich kept the food coming. Starting with the Seafood plateau then Maitake toast, potato gnocchi, carrot confit, winter salad, lobster bucatini.... oh my.. roasted cauliflower, black cod and more then finished off with an incredible assortment of housemade sorbets and ice cream. Very cool looking place and a fantastic dining experience. Thanks! We so look forward to coming back.
This is one of my favorite places in Rittenhouse.  It is cozy, simple, and initiate with the best service and wonderful dishes that bring out the natural flavor of the ingredients.  The wine list is also solid and there is a small but solid cocktail list.  Our servers were always excellent at suggesting pairings!

Some favorites:
1. Grilled octopus: A masterful blend of menudo, white beans, pickled red onions.  The octopus is flavorful and tender, and the pickled onions add a twist of tart flavor with the beans adding a subtle degree of creaminess.
2. Roasted cauliflower: Slightly charred with a side of caramelized cauliflower pureé and a touch of citrus.  It's the best of two: puree and roasted so that you get both textures in a single dish.
3. Duck duo for two: A combination of a roasted duck breast, caramelized plantains, and confit.  Another best of both with a flavorful and juicy breast that has a perfectly crispy skin and richer confit in jus.  The caramelized plantains add a bite of sweetness.  Perfect for sharing and a much welcome alternative to a standard duck l'orange!
4. Roasted half chicken: Flavorful pan-roasted chicken with a side of sunchoke puree and sauteed pea shoots in jus.  The chicken is very flavorful and tender.
5. Bucatini allo scoglio: Amazing squid ink pasta with squid, mussels, onions, and a hint of XO.  Tender and flavorful seafood blend with perfectly cooked bucatini.  
6. Labneh panna cotta: Very creamy with a hint of tart from the labneh.  

In all honesty, I miss this place and I have wined and dined quite a bit in NY.  This will give most places in the city a run for the money and a must-try in Rittenhouse.  Perfect for a small group dinner or date!
i'm typically wary of restaurants where the intent is to share plates. these are typically finer dining establishments where you'll order 5+ small plates and get very little bang for your buck. however, FSS bucked that trend. we ordered five smaller dishes and then one larger plate (the lobster). i was very impressed with the portion sizes but more importantly, the overall flavors. on numerous occasions during the meal i was saying to myself "this is the best tartare/ foie gras/ asparagus...i've ever had". also, i appreciated the suggestions of our waiter, who at one point questioned whether we really wanted to order both the tartare and chicken liver mousse because of all the bread (spoiler:we did). due to the overwhelming amount of dining spots in philly these days we may not return in the immediate future but my experience at FSS was truly a memorable one.
One of the best meals I've ever had! Explosive flavors on every dish. Started with potato gnocchi, as it's my husband's favorite. Split carrot confit & lobster second. Art work on a plate! The parsnips with the lobster were my favorite part! Split NY strip & cauliflower third. I don't think I've ever eaten a steak with that much flavor! Black & tan brownie for dessert for me & hummingbird cake for him. A meal to remember.
Go just for the cocktails! Paul Mac Donald is a genius. People that follow cocktails as an art follow Paul. Don't order from the menu. Tell Paul your mood and a spirit, and let the master do the rest. There are two chefs at FSS, one in the kitchen, and one behind the bar. Guess which one makes the best use of eggplant and exotic fruits (hint: your probably wrong). Welcome back FSS, we're glad you're here.
We waited for 45 min even though we had a reservation. On top of that, they didn't accept international ID's for drinks and were very rude about it. Especially the woman with the dark hair who is apparently the manager is very mean.
Small, cozy establishment with a downstairs bar and upstairs dining area. The meal starts off with the complimentary sparkling water, which is followed by a line of delicious pastas and mains.  We absolutely love the Bucatini with squid, mussels and that delicious onion confit.  The dry aged duck for 2 is also ridiculously tender and succulent. You will love this place!

Enjoy!
Huh? Was the response I got when I asked my friend if he wanted to go to dinner on Thursday to Friday Saturday Sunday. But all confusion cleared when we showed at this upscale joint in Rittenhouse Square. The waiter brought us to the cutest little table with big lounge chairs by the window upstairs. Our waiter was very helpful in giving suggestions on food and drinks. We ate family style and ordered one from each section of the menu. My only disappointment was the fact that the duck entree (which has limited quantities) was already sold out for the night. We ordered the mussels toast, sweetbread katsu, herring spaghetti, corn and the steak. My favorite was the sweetbread katsu, it's very unique in that it's veal thymus! It has the consistency that's a cross between pork and fish. I definitely recommend trying. This is for sure one of my new favorite restaurants in Philly!
The service is not wow! We asked for a dessert and wait so long to find out they don't have it. It's Friday and how is it possible that they don't have our dessert. The waiters don't know their menu at all. Last time when we visit this place
Some of the best food I've had in Philly! The dishes are all so creative and well put together. Flavors are well balanced and each bite is amazing! Between the two of us we split 4 dishes and were pretty satisfied. The service was great and would recommend dressing a bit nicer when dining here. I'd love to try more dishes since all the ones I had were great! Would recommend this place for a fancy dinner or if you're in the mood for a really delicious meal!
We came here after dinner after it was recommended to us by strangers on the street! We were looking for a bar with delicious drinks and were steered in this direction. I ordered the Espresso martini and my husband didn't order anything from the menu, the bartender asked him what liquor he liked and concocted something on his own! It was a great craft cocktail! Very talented bartender and friendly atmosphere!
I forgot to publish this 2019 review draft, but better late than never:

Prob my new fav dinner/date/business spot in Philly.  Drinks are impeccable and the food balance is pretty stellar.

Minor tip: Reservations are hard to come by, but I actually prefer their walk-in bar on the first floor - show up either super early or late.  Great ambiance and the waitstaff know what they're talking about - so if you wanna pass on the tasting menu you can always listen to their recs instead.

Cocktails are stellar as well.  Expect to spend ~$100ish/head... but you probably knew that coming in.
An oldie but a goodie! I always remember this as a great first date place, that was always reliable for a good impression and meal to match.
Fancy cocktails made with top shelf liquors make this a great place for a drink before or after whatever your plans may be. On a recent trip a few years after I ate there regularly I wasn't surprised that although things were different or look different it's still had the cool factor. The  food was outstandingbut although the menu changed FSS is still providing a good dinner great wines by the glass as well as the fancy cocktails all made for a great night out.
After reading about this place and having a free night with friends and a babysitter, we decided to check it out. We relish tasting menus and evenings out so our expectations were high...and the results exceeded them!

Located in Center City in what appeared to be a renovated  apartment and it created an amazing ambiance. The downstairs is a long bar, while upstairs, a thin staircase leads to a thin room, lined with tables and chairs, and with dim lighting that dims further as the evening goes on. The music was eclectic and just loud enough to keep a little attention and quiet enough to not drown out conversation.

The drinks were absolutely delightful! They're creative, flavorful and classically presented. We went through most of the cocktails by the end of the night and all agreed the Assassin's Handbook was the winner. Rum, mulled wine shrub, orange peel and habanero all work together in this boozy, sweet at the edges and with a nice little burn at the end. It was pretty awesome!

Dinner was a total hit as well! Eight course plus a snack at the end...it was phenomenal! Starting with snacks, the chicha morada was a delightful start to the meal with the empanada being one of the more beautifully presented dishes. The corn capelletti was masterfully done, the sweetbreads (my favorite) were rich and earthy, and the BBQ veal cheek was as tender as any meat we've ever had. 

Every course was presented beautifully, but not so much that there was more art than food! The courses started light, went more substantial and finished sweet - each course creative and delicious. We've done a lot of tasting menus and this ranks amongst one of our favorites. It was a perfect spot for a 2.5 hour dinner with a lovely ambience and facilitated conversation with some good friends who we went with. 

If you have a chance, check this place out! It's worth the trip!
Cute place. Wish they still had the ox tail ravioli! I shall return when they put that back on the menu
I took a friend here for a "milestone" birthday as a surprise. All in all, it was a pleasant evening but one I probably won't repeat, at least not for dinner.

The location is one of my favorite kinds-very Philly. It's a corner location at 21st & Rittenhouse Square, a converted house on a mainly residential block. The small bar is on the first floor and the dining area is up a flight of stairs. The night we were there, the amazing Paul MacDonald was behind the bar, deftly mixing his complex, gotta have cocktails. I would have been more than happy to sit at the bar, order oysters, watch Paul do his magical thing and try at least 4 or 5 of his specials. 

The food here is (in my mind) quite expensive and the idea (according to the waiters) is that you order 1 or 2 dishes from 5 categories and share. Since my friend loves seafood, we started with the "Plateau" which is $69 and not very big for that price. It's a 2 tier tray of 4 jumbo shrimp, 4 oysters, 4 little pieces of crab, something with clams and mussel toast. Everything was absolutely fresh and there was a stunning Meyer lemon granita for the oysters but the oysters were thin shelled and tiny. I loved the mussel toast and we could have eaten a tray of it and slurped a mixing bowl of the granita. We only sound like barbarians-we really aren't.

Our waiter was helpful and professional and advised us on what he felt were the best things in each category and how much we should order. We also got the grilled octopus in a menudo broth with beans which (to me) sounded heavy but was very flavorful and hearty. The octopus was cooked perfectly. It was meaty but totally tender. Along with it, our server brought out the popular carrot confit.  It was a tiny amount of cooked carrots on a very large plate. Forgettable. It was nicely plated but it was also a $12 order of just a few carrots; some chopped, some in ribbons. 

The lavash "bread" that people rave about was literally paper thin and stuck into the butter that accompanied it. It crumbled if you breathed on it and we wound up just using our knives to get at the butter after the fragile lavash was mostly gone. 

We skipped the pasta section and choose the roast chicken from the Plate section and the carmelized cauliflower. The chicken (which was really half a chicken) was moist and succulent and came with a small garnish of broccolini and a potato and celery root pave'. We could not taste the potato and the broccolini was not even much of a serving for one. Never mind splitting it. The cauliflower at $13 was pleasant but nothing out of the ordinary although it was a better size for 2 than the carrots. My friend took the leg, I had a few slices of the moist white meat and even ate the dark, crisp skin (something I usually discard) and he wound up eating the rest of the chicken with his hands as he wanted every morsel. Yes, it was THAT good.

Service was attentive and polite, not overly friendly but not cold, either. Very good timing bringing everything out. Nice looking waiter. A tall, stocky, all American looking young man in a crisp white shirt, apron and black suspenders. He looked like a college athlete. We behaved and did not flirt with him.

We had room for dessert so we ordered labneh panna cotta and a tiny bundt cake with a side scoop of ice cream and a snifter of 18 year old Calvados. The waiter said in all honesty that he was not a brandy drinker when I asked for a recommendation but he pointed out 2 different price ranges that were frequently ordered. I really appreciated his candor. Desserts were stellar. Not too sweet and not too small. 

We had an early reservation and at first we had the dining room to ourselves but of course, the room filled up as the late afternoon turned to evening. The noise level was never unpleasant and the table spacing allows an intimate dinner at a two top. Kudos to the small, well lit and immaculate bathroom just past the service kitchen that had candles burning and faux vintage fixtures.

My friend liked his dinner so I was happy, but I'll be happier going back for a relaxed week night happy hour or a spending few weekend hours with head bartender Paul at his well run downstairs bar with all the arcane potions he concocts (eggplant syrup, for example).
When you walk in, you immediately are taken back by their flashy bar scene. My eyes were immediately drawn to the cool black and white checker pattern on the floor that is carried through to the walls. The furniture is simple, which is perfect, because it allows the structure and fixtures of the building to shine. 

The first floor is buzzing with people there just to grab some drinks or patiently waiting for their reservations. The bar is a swanky/modern mix and they have some really elevated drink options. Stretch yourself a bit, and try a cocktail, but they have plenty of beer and wine to choose from you as well. 

Have you ever seen that commercial..."the plates, were tiny?" That was my first thought when we understand the plating options. You are paying a lot for small orders. We were a party of 2, and easily needed our 5 plates at a minimum. You could easily order more than that if you have the pockets for it. That being said, the food was damn good. Just go ahead and splurge - get the caviar, get the chicken liver mousse. 

This restaurant has a lot of hype, and it deserves it, but I couldn't give it a five because it is an experience that I feel like I can pass on to try new things. I would DEFINITELY look to go back for the bar scene once we are back to normal from COVID.
I came here with my best friend and ordered the Roasted Chicken. I felt terrible due to them selling out of their $60 roasted Duck. Our waiter said we have to arrive around opening hour to get it due to their high demand. I kept that noted for my next visit. I had a glass of white wine which was a good choice and we share a brownie with ice cream for dessert. The place is cute, a local gem and perfect for date nights.
I read great reviews, but unfortunately I was pretty disappointed. 

To me, it seemed like it was mostly for the gram. The actual taste in food was not quite there.
I was looking for a nice date spot out. I did a little research and saw that Friday Saturday Sunday was offering a prix fixe menu during the current Covid times we're still unfortunately in. I made reservations online for two and came here on a Tuesday.

Dining is upstairs only currently. A small, quite space decorated fancy with fiberglass barriers between tables to keep everyone spaced out and safe. All of the servers wear masks and/or shields as well. The service from the moment we walked into the restaurant was top notch. The only thing more impressive was the food.

A nice variety of small portions, we enjoyed cured kanpachi with chili oil, beet pyramids (a pasta dish similar to ravioli), sweetbreads (my girlfriend was nervous about this one but it was a fried, melt-in-your-mouth delicacy), halibut (perfectly cooked in a delicate buttermilk dashi broth), roasted duck with duck leg pie (by far my favorite - creative and perfectly completed. The duck breast was rare, tender, and wonderfully seasoned. The duck pie was so unique but delicious at the same time - hands down would order just this again if I can), dry aged New York Strip (what more can be said about amazingly cooked steak?) and finished with a nice yuzu tart for dessert (the perfect ending).

Looking for a nice date night out that is taking Covid as seriously as perfecting each dish they push out? Friday Saturday Sunday is your spot. Check it out.
What a fantastic restaurant. Book reservations extremely early, as this place books months in advance.... and for good reason. We had the most exceptional meal and service. It's clear their employees have been trained well, and the food was fabulous. The dishes are smaller portions, so prepare to order a lot and share. It was an unbelievable experience in every way. One of the best restaurants I've been to in a long time.
I was really excited to finally go here and my expectations were exceeded. I couldn't have asked for a better birthday dinner! Knowledgable staff with exceptional service beautifully timed. 

We ended up getting small plates so we could try more. My two favorites were the beef tartare and chicken liver mousse. The chicken liver mousse was so creamy and I loved how well it paired with the rhubarb and mustard seeds. I could eat this every day. I loved the octopus but wanted more of the jalapenos to go with every bite. The collard greens were creatively presented but still managed to have the vinegary and bacony taste I prefer when I eat greens. The gnocchi was so light and pillowy.  For dessert I ordered the "Black and Tan" Sundae and my fiance had the sticky toffee pudding. Both were amazing but the sundae might be one of my favorite desserts I've ever had. I love how this place puts their own twist on normally simple/classic dishes.  

There's a reason I notice so many chefs go here on social media. We just so happened to go when one of the most legendary Philly chefs  was dining here. I won't name names though! I cannot wait to go back!
Went here last night and it was AMAZING! We had the oysters, grilled shrimp, gargonzola pasta and grilled octopus. Small portions but it was worth it. We also had sorbet and the plum dessert. I would deff go back if I come back to Philly.
Had been wanting to go here for a while and finally made it for dinner around 8pm (important info). I've been in the downstairs bar area before for some after work drinks but never had any of the food. So this was a special occasion.

We really wanted to try the dry aged duck but they had already run out of orders. So just keep in mind if you're trying for the duck, make an earlier reservation! Instead we opted for the beef tartare, roasted potato gnocchi, grilled corn, new york strip, and the roasted chicken.

Firstly... the "bread service" was phenomenal. The thin little crisps sprinkled with hibiscus powder sitting in a dollop of honey butter.... YUM. I asked for a second serving of it and didn't even feel guilty because they were so light and airy.

We really enjoyed the beef tartare. Was creamy but fresh. The gnocchi didn't really blow me away but I was kind of expecting that. The grilled corn side was good. My boyfriend very much enjoyed his new york strip. It was cooked very well but tbh it was just a tad too salty for me. And for me, I never order chicken at a restaurant but went with it after being recommended by the waiter. I thought the chicken was SUPER moist, one of the best chicken dishes I've ever had at a restaurant. Was not disappointed at all. And it was a very large portion. I forget what I had as my first drink but I fell in love with the Girls girls girls cocktail. Kind of reminded me of the bull dog reviver at philadelphia distilling.

Overall, was very impressed with our meal, service, ambiance/space. For sure have to go back (at an earlier time) to try the duck. Great spot for a date/celebratory dinner for a smaller group!
As picky New Yorkers this Is possibly the best meal that we have had in ages.  Tim, our waiter, was amazing. Incredibly courteous, friendly, and engaging.  This is the best restaurant in Philadelphia.  Well worth everything from the warm decor, to the amazing food and creativity of the menu, to the wait staff and hostesses.
We were three people without a reservation and had the luck to be seated at the bar.  I definitely recommend calling ahead to get a reservation if you will require a table, but sitting at the bar includes an incredibly knowledgeable, high spirited and sociable bartender that we would have been unfortunate to miss had we sat in the dining room.

Every item we had was phenomenal.  Some noteworthy mentions were the mussel toast and the chicken liver mouse; Neither tasted overwhelmingly like their title would suggest but created something that seems extraordinarily good and unique to anything I've ever had.
There is no doubt that the food is very tasty. The chicken was great. The pasta was good. It was crowded. But ...My major advice is don't go there hungry. The portions are small. Real small. The 14 dollar Brussels sprouts had 6 sprouts cut in half. Cmon! Seriously? Can you add a few more gnocchi ? How much bread do we need to eat to make up for the portions? Enough said. Going for poke after the meal.

Finally, they put the check down At the same time they brought our desserts. That was not cool.

The four of us all agreed that we would never return. Our bill w tip was 340 and that was one drink a piece and a hungry foursome at the end of the meal.
This is an exquisite eating and drinking experience . From the door ...incredibly friendly staff .. to Paul's outrageously delicious drinks .. and then the food experience  begins ! There are no words .Chad Williams (and his staff )is a master ...each dish a delectable experience for the palette ( too many favorites to mention)  . Go ! You will keep coming back !
Food was really flavorful. They made me vegan items. Super nice! They tasted pretty okay but it was nice they tried. My husband LOVED all of his dishes-mainly the seafood ones including that octopus that everyone raves about.
Atmosphere was cool and fun. Drinks were fabulous. 

I came another time to just sit and the bar. The atmosphere was fun and "hip". It wasn't so so loud where I couldn't talk. It reminds of Charlie was a sinner without the crazy wait and loudness. They have a separate "bar" wait list which is nice so you don't have to look like a crazy person watching who's about to get up. I wasn't drinking that night and asked for a low sugary mocktail....and they made one! And it tasted great!! Definitely coming back to the bar.
I had a PHENOMENAL dinner here. Customer service was great which is my number one priority followed by great drinks and food. The bartender had a great energy and great craft cocktails resulted. I had the marcilla pasta as a starter and shared the roasted chicken and NY strip steak for entrees. We topped the meal off with the brownie and I couldn't have been happier. Go there - you won't be disappointed!!!
Finally!  Having tried to get in here for quite some time, expectations were really high.  Maybe unfairly too high but for good reason.

So after getting a seat at the bar, the seating arrangement was really cozy, maybe too cozy.  The counter seating at the bar is really cramped.  At some point during my meal, I felt my chair was being kicked or bumped into several times and not necessarily by other customers.  I will say that the service at the counter was knowledgeable, attentive and really friendly.  

I requested and got several excellent recommendations from my server at the counter.  Of the items I really enjoyed, they included the chicken liver mousse and cured arctic char.  The chicken liver mousse was an excellent recommendation.  Everything on this plate, chicken liver mousse, foie gras, date molasses & mustard all complemented each other sooo well.  It was just a super rich dish which I had me wanting more bread to soak it all in. The Cured Arctic Char plate was equally delicious in a limey-cucumber sauce surrounding a round.  A great lighter compliment to the richness of the chicken liver mousse.  To round out the meal, the Bucatini Allo Scoglio accompanied by squid and mussels was visually pretty.  The fresh pasta had a great texture but the sauce was a bit too salty and overpowered the dish quite a bit.

Reservations a must.  I've tried to come here a few times and the wait times are terrible.  While not necessarily the fault of, it goes without saying the parking in this neighborhood is nonexistent.  Beyond frustrating.  Yet another time, they were closed for a private party after I was lucky enough to secure a parking spot right next to the restaurant.  

The operating hours for Friday, Saturday and Sunday aren't really accurate.  It states they are open until 12am and yes they are but the kitchen closes much earlier.  I can't begin to say how annoying that is showing up thinking I can grab a late bite after a long day at work and being told no the kitchen closed.  After all isn't the restaurant operating hours supposed to denote the hours it can perform it's primary function of serving food?  

I'd like to try again because the food is innovative and delicious, knowing and mitigating all of these challenges, but it might be a while before I do.
My fiancée took me to this hyped-up restaurant (#3/50 Philly Mag) for my birthday (after we already splurged on happy hour at the Oyster House). And despite both being full, FSS delivered! 

The complimentary, paper thin crispy chips and savory whipped butter may have been my favorite thing I ate that day... had it not been for the next several dishes they put in front of us.

Sweet bread Katsu toast was perfectly crunchy and soft in the middle. The flavors (bone marrow included) were strong but not overpowering. I like to eat things as they are plated, but also deconstructed- and this tasted great both ways. You can really taste the high quality of the ingredients when you eat them separately.

The cauliflower had a nice bite to it- tangy? Semi-sweet savory? Almost peppery? This was over a month ago, but thinking about it's complexity really brings back the amazing  and unforgettable flavor. 

The roasted potato gnocchi was the best I've ever had. Just cooked to perfection. The sear on each gnocchi was crisp- the middle soft and hearty.  Gnocchi is my favorite pasta and this is my new gold standard.

Well done, FSS, well done.
