This review is based on my recent brunch experience, which honestly, I wish had been better than it was. I had heard such fantastic things about their brunch and left confused about why my experience had been such a disappointment. 

My friend and I arrived for our reservation at 12:30pm on a Saturday. I was excited for a brunch cocktail and after quickly looking through the drink menu, I decided to get the Front 75. My friend did the same! After taking a couple sips and both talking about how great it was, I was ready to look through the food menu. 

After some back and forth between a couple different dishes, I chose to order the Front Street Benedict to satisfy my craving for something salty. Honestly, I'm regretting not having ordered something else because the Benedict was a big letdown.

It was wonderfully presented and came with a side salad. Upon my first bite, the first thing I noticed was that it wasn't hot at all. Saying it was luke warm might even be a little too generous. The poached eggs, English muffin, and applewood bacon (you have the option of applewood bacon, mushroom bacon, turkey sausage, or mushroom scrapple) had so much potential, had they just have been served hot. I do have to say that the bacon was well prepared though - it was crispy, just the way I like it. The stellar cocktail I chose was probably the highlight of my brunch. 

Our waiter was nice and served us well. The tables are a little awkwardly placed with very little room between seats. I almost felt like my friend and I were crashing our neighbor's first date. 

I had been dying to try Front Street Café out for brunch so I'm glad I did, but I don't think I'll be returning. We are so lucky in Philly to have as many restaurants as we do that serve brunch, and with that being said, there's a list of so many others I would choose before Front Street.
I enjoyed my brunch at Front Street Cafe a few weeks ago. I love when restaurants feature a brunch menu during the week; it's the best time to check out spots that might otherwise be too crowded on weekends. 

The eggs benedict with bacon was very tasty. I love when there's a side salad and the one that came with was fresh and flavorful. I was so curious about the oven roasted potato so I ordered one on the side. It was super crispy on the outsides and fluffy in the middle. Delish. 

The restaurant is quite large and features a beautiful bar as the centerpiece of two dining rooms (there is also an upstairs area and a courtyard for warmer months). It's a nice place to get some work done or meet up with a friend, especially during the week. Looking forward to my next visit.
I've been here for both dinner and grab-and-go smoothies/coffees. The buffalo cauliflower is a must for dinner- so flavorful! I also enjoyed the Greek salad- large portion and abundance of feta. If the butternut squash soup is available, its a must try as well. SO GOOD!

I'm not vegetarian and neither is my fiance but we like to come here for healthy(ish) meals every so often. The dinner prices are comparable with other restaurants in the area. The coffee and pastries are competitvely priced as well, but the smoothies are overpriced and underwhelming. $8.64 for a 16 ounce smoothie? No thanks.
What a gem this cafe is! 

This was my first time in Fishtown, and my friend brought me and two others here for brunch on a Saturday. There was no waiting and the place was quiet and not crowded unlike a lot of the brunch places in center city. I almost didn't want to write a review here because I don't want people to come and crowd this place on weekends--haha. 

The place is gorgeous. It has two floors and an outdoor area as well. The place has a lot of beautiful wood and has a healthy-earthy feel to it.

I got the Skuna Bay Gravlax Platter for $14 and it was awesome. It's like their own version of lox and cream cheese. I especially enjoyed the fried capers in the dish. I love fish but since their portion was a bit big-- it was too much fish for me. I loved it though. 

I also got a side of the veggie hash and it was delightful. I enjoyed every bite of it- it was surprisingly very flavorful. I'm hoping to come back here soon! This cafe makes me want to explore Fishtown more. I'll be back!
Ok, so my first time here was not my favorite dining experience. Actually, it's my least favorite dining experience of all time!!! My car got towed (illegally come to find out) on Front Street, in front of Kung Fu Necktie across the street. Be VERY careful parking around here as the area is known for vicious tow truck companies just running away with your car! Well, one company really. A truly traumatic experience. I mean, awful!! AWFUL!! Threatened with pit-bulls, dead bolted in a room full of men in an scary neighborhood, scammed out of my money, lied to....Horrific!!! See my review for Siani's Salvage. You were warned!! I don't want to fog what will be a shining review with this negativity so I'll just leave it at that. It's truly a shame this experience has made me hesitant to return as the food and vibes were just my style....

Let's start with the ambiance which is truly great. Reclaimed wood, exposed brick, clean, bright and light, industrial chic. There's also a roof deck and courtyard which look phenomenal and I place I wood like to be in warmer weather. The flowers on the table were simple but had a little sparkle. Love that! 

We entered and moved past all of the people grabbing their morning coffees and nosh to the hostess stand. It seems like this place is a morning rush go-to for those who live nearby. I can certainly see why. I happened to catch a glimpse of the bakery case which looks filled with  delicious goods and did notice the variety of milks...soy, almond...oh yea, I'm in the right place. Excited! 

We waited about 8 minutes on a holiday Monday morning until we were seated, but not before we were asked if we had reservations (even though there were plenty of empty tables) so I'm assuming they are usually needed for brunch (?). 

We were escorted to the back room by the beautiful bar and the hostess handed my daughter crayons and a nice big coloring sheet so yea, go ahead and bring those kiddos! 

We started with the Matcha Mint Chip smoothie 
(cacao, mint, matcha, almond maple, banana, vanilla) which I thought was really great! Not too thick and full of
Minty flavor! I would definitely get it again. $8 is fairly standard for this type of drink. 

Our table of 4 split: 

The Acai Bowl- (acai banana whip, coconut, fresh seasonal fruits, nuts and seeds granola $10.) Very good.  A tad too "soupy" for me personally, but the table liked it a lot and it was tasty!

Those iconic Lean Green Hotcakes- (fresh seasonal fruits, vanilla cashew cream, maple syrup $12.) They told me the color is created by using kale juice! How clever!! They were good. The toppings were better than the actual cakes. Needed the syrup, a tad on the dry side. Would maybe give it another go. 

The tofu tacos: (tofu scramble, kale, avocado, smoked mushrooms, ``whiz``, pickled red onions, micro cilantro, corn tortillas, smoked black beans $12) DELISH!! Love the pickled red onions. Perfectly sized portion! Loved these!! A great brunch item!

The chili: (hearty lentil chili, gluten-free cornbread muffin $7.) Very tasty, filling and just the right amount of spice. Perfect for a cool day. 

Kale Caesar: (kale, walnut picada, roasted tomatoes, pickled red onions, cucumber, roasted tomato vinaigrette $10) My favorite dish of the day!! Again with those pickled red onions!! Yum! Perfect blackened tofu. Perfect dressing to kale ratio. Perfect!! Get one for the table to share!

Prices were very fair for the quality and portion sizes. 

I was very impressed by the creative, eclectic menu!! You do not have to be vegan to enjoy a meal here (they have a few options for you carnivores), but boy if you are....it's paradise!! Go for it! I wanted to sample everything and really wish to come back and do so as it all looks incredible. So many amazing options!! I have to get over the trauma of my towing experience because this place is really a treat! Highly, highly recommend, but be careful where you park!
I really wanted to give this place 4 stars but it really does deserve just 3. I came to Front Street Cafe for brunch on a Saturday morning. I called ahead to see if there was a wait. The person on the phone said there was no wait but I should probably make a reservation anyway (hey, I love free opentable points!). The overall atmosphere is relaxed - I wore leggings and a plaid button down and didn't feel underdressed. It's definitely a hipster vibe but anyone really could fit in here. I could probably bring my parents here and not feel weird.

The food options are great for a vegan vegetarian. As a vegetarian, I appreciated being able to order real eggs as well as the mushroom bacon. The coffee was pretty good but just make sure to ask for milk if you want some - they only bring out sugar to add to your coffee. 

The thing that falls flat about this place is the food. I ordered the Front Street Big Breakfast and everything was a little cold. Toast kinda sucks cold...The other thing is that I had to wait a while before anyone brought the condiments I requested. I think the first person who asked us just plain forgot to bring them to us. By the time I tried to revive my toast with butter it was too far gone. My meal also came with black beans which I really didn't know what to do with. They tasted great but it was weird eating them alone. 

I will probably give this place another shot but I want to check out the rest of Northern Liberties brunch options first.
Bouncing around the neighborhood, catching up with a friend, we ended up here for a bite to eat and a cocktail. Front Street Cafe's got multiple personalities in the best way. Part coffee shop part restaurant, part bar; you can grab a coffee and a pastry or dinner and a cocktail (or all 4) all in one place. 

The interior is rustic and inviting. The best way I can describe it is "warm". I could imagine myself settling in to telework or read a book for hours and feel as comfortable, if not more so, than home. 

There is $5 beer/wine/cocktail specials during happy hour but I opted for the Wildey Fashioned on the full cocktail menu. It was the perfect blend of whiskey and raspberry. Not too sweet to appreciate the Kinsey rye. My friend ordered the ginger hazard which was tart and refreshing. Looking at the food menu I could have ordered 1 of everything but since we both had plans for dinner later in the evening we settled on the Buffalo Cauliflower as a snacketizer. It was AWESOME. I've been dreaming of it for days. I am definitely going to have to come back for a full on meal. There are so many options for vegetarians and omnivores alike.

I finished up with a hibiscus tea. It was the perfect finisher to a great experience.  

In just a few minutes this place became one of my favorite places in Philly and I can't wait to come back for more.
When you walk into Front street you stop, take it all in, and proceed to the counter.  The space is beautiful, the staff is friendly, and the offerings are very versatile.

You can pop in for coffee and a snack, for a fresh juice to sip inside or take with you to go, you can have breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner, or a late night at the bar, or you can simply just share a meal, any meal, with a friend in their delightful dining room upstairs.

The menu offerings are as varied as their hours and meal options.  They have an inventive, hearty and whole foods based take on American favorites, entrees and bar snacks.  They focus on taking a new fresh look at the American dishes we know and love, and they do a tremendous job at it.

The menu reflects the owners great care in sourcing ingredients, keeping things fresh, local, sustainable and ethically made.  You will not find junky food here but you will find battered cauliflower buffalo wings that will fill your junk food craving.  You'll also find nachos made from plants that will make you think twice about everything you've ever had covered in queso. You'll find hearty entrees like a take on a "hen of the woods" (spoiler alert: it's not a hen), and really if you want to eat meat too - it's there for you, but really give the vegan stuff a look, you won't be disappointed. 

Good food, prepared well, has a price tag.  And this place has their food priced well for the quality and atmosphere. 

I can only say one thing:  this establishment looks like the creators put a lot of hard work, thought, effort, and love into building this. 

I can't wait to eat here again!
Front Street Café is simple one of the best café spaces I've ever seen anywhere in the world.  It's got it all....a nice bar, an attractive restaurant area, a chill café locale on the second floor, a distinctive take-out counter, and an attractive outdoor garden/patio for warmer days and nights. The quality of the wood used throughout is striking. It's the kind of place Center City should have but doesn't because rents are too high there.  So on the border of Fishtown and Olde Kensington, the Front Street Café has put down roots in an old building underneath the el train.  It's open for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and in between.  But more on the food at a later time.  Right now I just want to celebrate the concept along with the architectural design and to welcome the Front Street Café to the hood!
Gorgeous, HUGE place.  Interior and massive outdoors patio is what dream eateries are made of.  Cool, clean, with a little industrial, a little farmhouse. There is so much room, you feel like you can breathe, stretch out and enjoy your meal, cocktails, what have you. And folks, that's where my compliments will end. The burger was pretty good, but dang, this place needs WORK. It's been a while since I've experienced such horrendous service like what's going on here.

What absolutely ruined my experience the last time I was here, was a combined failure of front and back of house, and one where not one management person came to our table to apologize or explain, which is a big no-no in my book. Let me reiterate that prior to my current employment, I had been in the restaurant/service industry for a long time, so I'm familiar how problems like these typically get resolved.  

Set scene.  Sunday brunch. Mid-day, relatively busy, but not oppressively so. Lots of vacant tables, restaurant seemed to be well-staffed. Party of five (that includes a three year old).
Orders taken for drinks and food at the same time. Takes a good fifteen minutes to receive drink order.  Fine, it's brunch.  Food arrives perhaps another fifteen minutes later, but food runner brings me a wrong order, and the two sides we ordered for my daughter never materialize or the iced coffee that I had ordered at the outset.  

Ten minutes pass, our server absent-minded appears with no apology but says food is coming, I remind her of the missing sides (a bagel and some grits) along with my order: a vegetable sandwich. Easy peasy. I'm polite. Bagel and a veggie sandwich, kitchen should be able to slap that together rather fast? No. 

 Another ten to fifteen minutes pass and nothing. Finally the bagel for my daughter appears, few minutes later, the iced coffee is dropped off. I urge everyone to eat while it's hot, and no one really steps forward to tell us the status of the outstanding food, or apologizes - it's just an afterthought. After everyone is done, the server re-appears again without showing interest or concern.  I inform her that I'd like to take my food to go since the meal is finished. Nearly twenty minutes after everyone's food arrives, my to go container with a VEGETABLE sandwich (not a burger well done) appears. Our bill arrives and she tells us she didn't charge us for the sides (well, the one bagel we ordered) nor the sandwich and that's it.  No apology, no manager, no one. Crickets.

The food in the end, is pretty much mediocre and on the whole cold.  The burger is the most delicious item I taste at the table (and I'd reorder that in a heartbeat, if I ever was to return), and their bloody mary's, are well, absymal.  The veggie sandwich I eat once we're home, it simply that: a sad little bun that contains peppers, onions, a portabella mushroom and a couple strands of arugula. I'm told there's some salsa verde in there, but I don't taste it. Their smoothies (though crazy price-y at 8 bucks a pop) are yummy.  We were seated at the large booths that sit right at the double doors that lead outside; which annoyingly enough felt the harsh reverberations of the doors smashing open and shut every 45 seconds when service kept going in and out.

The absolute lack in professional service and/or concern was the real kicker for me here. I mean, mistakes happen.  This restaurant hasn't been open forever, but it's been long enough, that these kinds of mistakes and inconsistencies should be resolved by now, and the fact that the manager (I'm assuming it was a woman that delivered the bagel and said it was 'on her' - and who never introduced herself or made a reappearance at our table - clearly avoiding us) was entirely absent really ruined the whole dining experience for both myself and my family who was dining here for the first time.  The server could have barely given a shit, either that, or she was a very good actress. A "I'm sorry about the mistake or your order, or anything" would have been nice. But nope. Entirely unacceptable. Won't be coming back here.
Love the sandwiches, love the smoothies, love the space, service was great...i couldn't think of a negative.  Oh wait parking!  As businesses keep popping up in Fishtown finding parking is going to keep getting worse.  With that being said i really don't mind because it's free.  It was about noonish on a Saturday and we were seated within minutes upstairs.  I preferred dining upstairs, it was less crowded and more homey with the sofas, bookcase, and fireplace.  We sat by the window, t'was pretty neat to see the El pass by the window.  Parents and baby were amused.  

They serve breakfast until 4pm and start lunch at 11am.  We opted for the lunch menu.  I had the bbq pulled smoked oyster mushroom with veggie slaw on a vegan brioche.  It was quite filling and delicious.  The bread was great.  I had a bite of the dry aged burger and that was also great.  I opted for the creamsicle smoothie: coconut, banana, vanilla, agave, and oj.  God damn, it really did taste like a creamsicle! Yeah, i'm a fan.  The husband got an acai berry, If you've never had an acai drink then i would get this but i'm kind of over acai.  

I love that this place has plenty of vegan options.  Next time will definitely have to come for breakfast and libations.  I can't wait to check out the awesome outdoor space when it's warmer.  Better yet, I would love to host a party in that outdoor area!  Oh and i didn't get to try one but they serve Dottie's Donuts too.
Went to Front Street Cafe with a few friends for brunch. It took the waiter 40 minutes after seating us to take our food order. 

I had ordered the English muffin as a side and requested jam with my order. In the middle of a bite I found a small shard of glass. Not sure if it came from the muffin or the jam but I reported it to our server. I then received no follow up on how glass ended up in my food or an apology and even though the rest of my meal was inedible I received nothing comped off my bill. 

This raises a safety concern with me about what is happening in the kitchen, and that is something that should not be acceptable.
So very impressed by Front Street Cafe and grateful to have such an amazing spot nearby! Went for dinner last night and was first struck by the modern, elegant space and the very warm and friendly staff.  The vibe was very down to earth. The menu was awesome- offerings many super creative, plant based dishes which I immediately appreciated, though they offered options for animal eaters as well (and although I prefer to support all veg establishments, I'm thinking that as demand dwindles, this place will eventually go all-plant)... Their beer/cocktail list was awesome - I opted for an "evergreen" juice which was invigorating and delicious. My husband got a beer from the draft list that was perfect. 

Onto the food- the best part! All of the portions were very generous and we ended up taking home some leftovers as a result:
We got the:
Buffalo cauliflower- an awesome take on buffalo wings- super tasty.
Pickled Veggie platter- really good- the mushroom pate was spot on and all of the veggies were strong.
Thai curry - very large portion - yummy!
And my favorite...
The Spaghetti and Meatballs - which I initially skipped over when glancing at the menu, but when I took a closer look it was spaghetti squash and lentil meat balls. The server said it was awesome so we got it and it was SOOOOO GOOD! 

We can't wait to go back- especially once the weather allows enjoyment of the beautiful garden space.
Very nice , big space . With plenty of choice - from bar sitting to dinning area to self serve counter. I love the urban design - exposed brick and nice sturdy wooden tables . The coffee is good and the choice of healthy breakfast options are very diverse ! 
Plenty of vegan options !
They offer satisfaction comment card which is a great idea !
Front Street Café is my favorite spot in Fishtown.

With a quick scan of Front Street Café's (FSC) Yelp page, one would assume it only offers coffee shop items and brunch. THIS IS NOT ACCURATE. It's way more. Yeah, you can get coffee, pastries and brunch, but also enjoy beers, cocktails and tasty lunch/dinners. In addition, there's a killer patio that has me personally counting down the days to warm weather. I can see FSC easily becoming a collective Fishtown favorite in the summer season.

Side note: I'm basically addicted to the Buffalo Wing Cauliflower. It's a must have. I rave about it to all my friends, which in return, has created some new/return customers. Disclaimer: I'm not a vegan/vegetarian either. I fully encourage carnivores to take a chance.

P.S. The industrial-modern restaurant design is worth noting. It's inviting, warm and comfy.
So glad that we got a new spot in our lovely Fishtown! Last week decide to stopped by and get some casual dinner, great deal for happy hour wine($5) and tasty food! Happy hour is not only for the bar area and for the tables too. For appetizer we got picked vegetables, it was a great selection of different veggies: cauliflower, pickles, carrots, turnip, onion, beets, green beans! For the main course we got a kale Caesar salad with grilled chicken and fried chicken sandwich and it was delicious! The salad dressing was perfect even though I am not big fan of Caesar dressings... Fried chicken was heavy but for the cold weather it was a good choice! Also I saw a lot of people getting this sandwich so it's very very good one! If you'll be around please check this place!
What a great experience! 

I was looking for a new place to try and this place popped as I scoured Yelp. 

I liked that I was able to make reservations for the evening the same day I called in - I later did find that you can also make reservations on their website. 

They don't have their own parking, but there are nearby parking lots along with street parking near the area which wasn't too hard to find for a Friday night.

Inside it's a nice, trendy motif. There's a full bar that greets you along with the hostess stand to check in. The host was very pleasant in greeting our party of two and led us to our table. 

We ordered the buffalo cauliflower for the table - it was everything and more! So savory! The pieces were tender and really well seasoned. Also the portion was more than enough for two! 

For our entrees I ordered the tostada bowl and my date got the eggplant! Each dish was a heaping portion and it was all delicious! 

The menu is diverse and I felt as a vegetarian there were plenty of options (and on a night where they actually ran out of a few vegetarian dishes!) 

The waitress was really pleasant and patient with us as we took a bit to decide on our options. She was great with checking up on our waters and drinks and the food came out quick and ready to eat! 

Overall - great experience from reservation to tip. Great time and already making plans for my next trip in!
We checked in here for a quick brunch on a Sunday morning. It had a very hipster feel to it and was obviously part of the new gentrification of this neighborhood. Right across the street was the sprawling ghetto. Contrast that with such things as organic coffee, organic tea, and smoothies called the Goldenglow featuring pineapple turmeric coconut and banana and you can see the encroach of gentrification into the area.

The Goldenglow was very tasty and turmeric was flavorful giving this drink an interesting sweet yet bitter appeal.

A menu I noticed is largely vegan which was quite disappointing for me but it will make the hipsters and landlubbers very happy. After a little digging I was able to locate some eggs and Applewood smoked bacon so that has satisfied me for now.

While we waited for the meal I looked around to the appearance of nice brick walls and hardwood floors with hipster pictures and hip decorations all over the area. This is the stereotypical upscale coffee joint as witnessed by the coffees ranging from 3 to 5 dollars each. The menu also featured a nice draft beer menu.

The big breakfast was a hit with Applewood smoked bacon organic eggs and a side salad that was very tasty the highlight however was home fries with a special sauce blend that was sort of a sweet and spicy ketchup.

The eggs Benedict featured an everything bagel muffin which I have never seen before and also mushroom bacon which was basically just fried mushroom which had a sweet and crunchy taste very nice.
This place was straight out of the television show Portlandia. Our waiter, Edgar, was very knowledgable of the food and its origins.I was surprised that they didn't show us the area in the back where they kept their free range chickens and eggs. 

We shared a cheese plate;  I had the bbq chicken tacos, and my friend had the trout. All of the food was delicious. The restaurant was cozy and rustic. Our drinks were good. The bill was pricey, but worth it. I'd go back.
Front Street Cafe is the perfect sunday brunch spot with the family because its two doors down from the open play space we take our kid to and they have some pretty darn good food. My favorite part about this place is that they give kids crayons and printed drawings. Life saver. I also love the duo cafe and bar built with their backs to each other. Nice visual touch.
Front Street Cafe is a great addition to Fishtown. It is a gorgeous space with plenty of seating, lots of windows (natural light), and a great view from the second floor. 

I ordered a soy latte and a vegan pumpkin donut. The espresso was delicious and the donut was surprisingly good.

I can't leave a review on the food (I believe they are starting full service later this week), but from my experience today, I have high expectations. This cafe is definitely worth a visit.
I am hopeful that FSC will become a five star favorite of mine, but for now not so much. I've been clamoring to try it and was so excited that we finally had a Saturday available for brunch. 

First, it's gorgeous. They took their time with this place and it shows. I'd go back just for the building. I definitely want to sit in the garden and have coffee drinks, and cocktails, and dinner. But for now the main vibe I got from the place was coldness. It was a recurring theme.

Our server was disinterested and barely spoke with us except to take our order. She checked on us once the whole time. I got a hot tea and never received any sweetener and had to ask for lemon with it (from the women who delivered it). Odd. In general it seemed like we were bothering her. We sat upstairs with I think one or two other tables. Our food was also cold or room temperature. Huh? It felt like a lot of the components were premade and then assembled by the kitchen staff. My husband ordered the vegan biscuits and gravy with real poached eggs and a side of mushroom bacon. I had the tofu scramble benedict with vegan scrapple.  My dish was room temperature. The food tasted really good (save for the baked products that were dense and need some serious work). I loved my tofu scramble, hollandaise, and and vegan scrapple. The flavors were great, but served hot with a lighter muffin would've been perfection. His dish was tasty, but again the only egg was hot and it seemed the rest of the dish was reheated. The mushroom gravy was a little scarce, but delicious. The biscuit was better than my english muffin, but still pretty dense. Even the mushroom bacon was cold, and needed a little salt. It's like the smoked coconut bacon from Memphis Taproom but a little sweeter and the texture is chewier. We left full, but I think that was only because of the dense baked goods. 

Because they are so vegan and vegetarian friendly, I will definitely go back. I appreciate a business that takes the time to create an interesting and flavorful menu, but something about it seemed rush. I feel like with refinement (and a nicer server) this place could easily be five stars. Yes, it's kind of crazy expensive, including the draft list. Really? No. Not in Fishtown where you can go to so many different craft beer bars and get drafts $2-3 cheaper. Still, something about it makes me want to try again.
It's just nice to see something done right. A restaurant/cafe/bar/performance space seems like a recipe for disaster, but thoughtful attention to the customer experience down to small details make this place a winner. Some things I appreciated when my husband and I visited for brunch yesterday:

* It can take a while to get seated, but there's a coffee bar right there where you can order yummy drinks and smoothies while you wait. There's also some seating, which in our case was taken up by families, but is a nice touch. 

* They have a new fancy water filtration system that they seem super proud of. We were informed up front that it would be an additional $1 per person for unlimited fancy filtered water and decided to go for it. The water was tasty, and I like that they are serving healthy options that don't trash the environment. 

* The main dining area is a big, open, high-ceilinged space with hardwood floors, brick walls, metal ceilings, and lots of iron. Spaces like this always look beautiful, except that they're usually so loud you can't hear yourself think. Front Street Cafe remedied this by lining the edges of the ceiling with unobtrusive sound-insulating panels that matched the corrugated metal ceiling, keeping the aesthetic but making it easy to have a conversation. The music was also the exact right volume. It's such a small thing, but it makes such a big difference. 

* The menu was incredibly vegan-friendly but still had options for die-hard carnivores (like my husband). A place where your vegan friends and your husband who will die without red meat can dine harmoniously? Yes, please. 

* The pancakes were delicious, and were heaped with sculptural levels of fresh fruit, almond cream, granola, and real maple syrup. I don't know what that other lady is going on about. Maybe next time she should just go to IHOP. 

* Nice beer list and drinks menu. We didn't partake (it was brunch, and we had to drive), but good to know for next time. 

* Every staff member we interacted with was lovely. Personable without being smarmy, accommodating without hovering. We shared some laughs. It was nice. 

* The bathrooms are spacious and have many stalls. Again, a small thing that makes a big difference!

So yeah, Front Street Cafe is #doingitright, and definitely a place I'll want to dine again the next time I'm in Philly.
This is what this area needed: plant based Vegan/Vegetarian/Gluten Free restaurant & coffee shop in Fishtown. Here's why you'll like it:

- It's versatile: Dinner options include Fish, Meat and Vegan protein. 

- Gluten Free upon request.

- Kombucha on tap.

- Brunch from 8am to 3pm. Every day!

- Huge space with upstairs and outdoor seating. 

- Free WiFi

- Friendly and caring staff
I'm shocked at these stellar reviews.   

Ventured out to fishtown specifically to try Front Street Cafe.  I had seen a write up about it and the healthy/vegan options sounded appealing.  

We were sat and I looked at the table (very close to us) and saw the shrimp and grits and immediately got a little worried.  It looked absolutely horrible. Our server was very friendly, and we ordered a juice and a chai latte.  I have to say this was one of the absolute best chai's I've had.  If only the food measured up.  

I asked the server what was the most popular dish.  She RAVED about the grain bowl which sounded healthy and delicious.  She actually said people "lick the plate."  I am so confused at what they were eating.  It came out and the "grains" were simply dried rice with some beans thrown on a tostado (soggy) with some greens on top and a cream sauce.  The presentation was terrible (as per my photo) and the food was super bland and not at all fresh.  

We also tried the soup of the day which was described as a "spicy african stew."  It came out in this odd HUGE soup bow that was filled with the tiniest amount of soup.  It was barely luke warm, but I don't send things back so we kept it.  The waitress must have not had stew before, because this was simply vegetable soup.  We both tried it and said the same thing "needs salt" which is kind of 101 in the culinary world.  It was watery and was spicy like she described but completely lack luster.  Probably the first time I ever left soup in the bowl.   

Lastly, we tried to vegan sides.  The scrapple and the bacon mushrooms.  The bacon mushrooms tasted like sugar mushroom and were completely soggy.  If you're looking for the BEST vegan bacon go a little farther to memphis taproom.  The "bacon" here is just sad.  The scrapple was not bad.  It was mushroom and some lentils but again could really use some seasoning.  

This place would really benefit from having the chefs learn how to properly season and use some herbs.  I felt like I ate air.  I wouldn't ever eat here again but I'd definitely go to the cafe in front as I loved the chai and they have lots of cold pressed juices and kombucha.  In a city with SO many vegan options and plenty of places for good food, skip this one.
I could spend all day here. Goodness knows why I haven't been in until this week- as its only a few blocks from my house. Wonderful, healthy menu with tons of GF, vegetarian, and vegan options. Breakfast served late- and while I do love La Colombe around the corner, there are much better food options here (and guaranteed to be less crowded). The outside patio is so peaceful, and the decor inside the massive indoor area is industrial chic. Their acai berry bowl and Firefly juice (carrot, turmeric, ginger, pineapple, lemon, orange) are both amazing. Step off the craziness of Frankford Ave. and try this place out!!
Bomb food and ambiance! Great options for vegans though, although I personally am not a vegan. 

I got the front street breakfast with tofu scramble and vegan bacon. Really good flavors in everything, and the vegan options make you not even miss the real deal! Highly recommend giving these a try because they're so unique (tofu scramble and vegan bacon). 

I also got the ginger aid, which was refreshing and reminded me of home (which is LA - home of the green juices LOL). 

My friend and I did outdoor seating, and it was so nice. This seems like a nice spot to just hang out and maybe do some work, read, catch up with friends, whatever! This spot would do well in Los Angeles haha and that's saying a lot!
This place is beautiful, the space is decorated perfectly and there is a ton of seating-both indoors and outdoors. I love sitting outside, but unfortunately it seems like service is a bit slower out there.

The dinner menu is short, and we ended up ordering a couple things to share. The chicken fingers/tenders were very good, but for $10 you only got 3 small chicken strips. I would not order the duck breast again as it was salty and the sides were teeny. 

I am looking forward to trying Front Street Cafe for brunch, but overall would not recomend it for dinner.
In celebrating my friend and my 20 year friendiversary, we made reservations for a late Sunday brunch.  Since Front Street Cafe was a good half way meeting point. Our reservations were for 3:30pm but we quickly found out that the brunch menu was no longer being served at that time, and the kitchen closed at 4pm.  Wishful thinking on our part I guess.  We were told as we seated that there was also an automatic 20% gratuity and a 90 minute sitting time limit.  Which is fine, and understood due to the times we're in.

Although it was a misty day, we decided to eat in their tent covered outside area.  We ordered drinks from the vast beer menu.  And ordered sandwiches since those were the only options at the time.  I ordered the fried chicken sandwich which was really good and the fries were thick and also good.  All in all a great time and the food was pretty good although I look forward to trying their actual brunch menu.
I, unfortunately, did not enjoy my food or time on my visit for brunch. 

The waiter came to check on my friend and I, a total of 3 times through out like a 2 hour stay. It was not even because she made it a point, she just stopped by when she was passing by our table in the middle of her other duties.

The food is really what disappointed me. I got lox benedict. I have never seen a place go wrong with lox, but this lox tasted extremely fishy. As if it was not refrigerated for a few moments and it just became warmer and the fishiness came out. The eggs were also very unappetizing. The way they were made, just made them very prominent in all their flavor, and it just was not enjoyable. My friend got a sandwich, which she enjoyed. 

The place itself was nice, clean and big.
Tried this spot out for dinner the other night, and WOW.  Super cozy and nice inside, and the back garden looks gorgeous.  I can't wait to try it out in nicer weather!

Sizable menu with soups, sandwiches, and full sized entrees.  Plentiful vegetarian and vegan options, clearly marked on the menu.  It's half gastropub, half American bistro, all delicious.

Meals and cocktails were great, nice draft and bottled beer selection, and dessert (bourbon brownie) was INCREDIBLE!

It was a little busy for the small serving staff, but our server was attentive and took good care of us.  My date admitted the next day that his math was off on the tip, and he thinks he left too little.  I really hope they let us back in there to make it right -- and so I can enjoy another delicious meal!
This was our 3rd visit for dinner. The first time everything was really amazing. So stoked to have a veg/vegan place with meat and gluten free options. Our server was great...everything was awesome. 
Our second visit a few things were a little off but I think it's because they were dialing in the menu and whatnot. 
On our 3rd visit everything was great. We will definitely be back again...and again.
Excellent selection. I enjoyed a delicious tofu burger (I don't normally come across properly prepared tofu) and a lovely house wine. Looking forward to summer/spring as they have a patio.
Loved everything about this place! It has a great vibe from the moment you walk in. There is a coffee and juice bar if you want to grab something to go, but they also have a ton of seating (downstairs, upstairs and outdoors on their patio) and full menus for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Everything is super fresh, farm-to-table and organic. Unfortunately the patio wasn't open for the season when I went, but it looked like a great place to grab brunch or an afternoon coffee/cocktail. 

I went with two girlfriends for brunch and the service was awesome, we had so much fun w/ our waitress, she was fantastic! I wish I remembered her name so I could give her a shout out. She encouraged us to order a bottle of champagne and fresh squeezed OJ to save on the price of mimosas - great plan :) 

There are a ton of vegetarian and healthy options. I opted for the tostada grain bowl with the poached egg.. and wow, I hate ordering the same thing at a restaurant, but I would definitely go back for the exact same meal. It was served with black beans, avocado, tomatoes, cilantro, pickled jalapeno, greens, quinoa and rice, charred lime, chipotle salsa, and a cilantro creme dressing - basically all of my favorites in a big, delicious bowl. 

Both of my friends loved their meals as well. We honestly could have sat there all day, drinking mimos & stuffing our faces. Even if you don't live near Fishtown, it's well worth the trip!
3.5 stars due to comfort. I have only been here once when visiting family recently , but their Vegan menu is pretty diverse which I appreciate. 

The actual establishment is pretty large, but more of the space was either at the bar area or upstairs I believe. The dining  area downstairs was a little cramped as the table next to me wasn't even an arms distance away and it was just too close. 

Now on to the food and drinks. I ordered the vegan Mac and cheese which was good, but could have used a little more flavoring. 

I also ordered the buffalo cauliflower which was so delicious and extremely filling! It was literally the best cauliflower I have ever tried. The sauce to dip the cauliflower in, which was spread on the platter was also really good, but I'm not actually sure what it was made out of. 

My drink which was one of the only fruity things on the menu was Stateside Strawberry Lemonade, was pretty good. I loved how it came with a paper straw opposed to plastic! 

The hostess was not friendly AT ALL and payed absolutely no attention to us. She didn't even acknowledge us at first. But luckily our waitress( I wish I remembered her name, I believe it was Tiffany but can be wrong) was amazing.
I couldn't wait for Front Street Cafe to open up in my neighborhood as this is really the first healthy establishment in the hood. Went here on Friday night to see what it's all about. I don't think they are serving their full menu yet so I was bummed I couldn't really try any of the food. However, I did try a signature cocktail- the Cucumber Gimlet. And by try I mean I had 3 because it was addicting. One of the best drinks I've ever had. 

The environment is spacious and open and they play pretty cool music as well. 

I stopped in for coffee the next day and the coffee was delicious expect the one suggestion i have is to have some UNSWEETENED almond milk on hand :) 

Excited to try the food soon!
Brunch 7 days a week! Do I need to say more. I went with my daughter (19) who can be a picky eater. We settled on the banana acai fruit bowl and the lean green pancakes. Both plates were delicious. Casey, our server was very pleasant. She was excited that the restaurant was finally open and anxious for what the future holds there. The restaurant was very spacious with beautiful counter tops, exposed brick and reclaimed wood everywhere. I loved how the bathroom stalls were made of old doors.... Brilliant! I look forward to returning and trying more of the menu items.

Welcome to the neighborhood!
This was a very "meh" experience. The most offending thing - the food was room temperature! You don't go to a restaurant for a cold meal (unless it's salad). This was a problem.

They're very popular, but I wonder if it's due to the lack of options for a brunch place in Fishtown. The food was okay, but couldn't overcome being served lukewarm, and the prices vs. portions was not good. A bit pricey and unimpressive.
I came here for a vegan friendly brunch because of my friends diet restrictions. Philly has quite a few vegan spots popping up and I need to keep up! 
It's an unexpected cute cafe hidden under the train track in fishtown. 
Their hot chocolate is amazing... just get that. 
Their banana hot cake was the only good thing we got for brunch. 
The huevos had absolutely no flavor, and the little line of sauce they place on the side for decor was not enough. Food with a Spanish flare should be bursting with flavor... it shouldn't taste just like plain eggs :( 
The Benedict was nothing out of the ordinary. 

They have their sweet dishes mastered, but their savory dishes just taste so bland. I left brunch still hungry :( service was a little slow because it was a busy time for them. With all the other options in Philly for brunch, I don't know if this experience will bring me back to Front Street.
Great place. So big. Restaurant, bar, and cafe area most of the time...but on weekends, the whole thing is a brunch place...definitely not a cafe. There is a small spot where you can get some work done, but its not as functional as a cafe then. 

BUT... the rest of the time, its a great place to grab a cup of coffee, relax, meet up with someone, or get work done. PLUS, it is the only place in ALL of the riverwards where you can work late with a cup of coffee. For some reason, all the cafes in northern liberties, kensginton, fishtown generally close at 7pm...some at 8/9pm... but this is open until midnight the earliest every night of the week.
Absolutely love this place! From the exterior to the interior decor to the bathrooms to the ambient music (think Moby Porcelain ;) I LOVE IT! The food is spectacular. Everything is so fresh and tasty. The coffee and juices/smoothies also fantastic. I'm impressed with literally everything about this place. Vegan heaven and great for non vegans too!!

One tiny gripe: recently the oven fried potato was swapped for wedges/home fries. I am so against this. The oven fried potato was the best! Please bring it back!!!!! 

Check this place out you won't be sorry.
This place is amazing! I had the vegan eggs benedict and my friend had the eggs benedict with eggs & bacon and we were both blown away. The menu has plenty vegan & vegetarian options as well as dishes for meat eaters, so everyone wins! 

We sat outside at a table in the shade and the atmosphere was very pleasant. The music they were playing fit the Sunday afternoon mood and the food was delicious. We went around 2pm for lunch so missed the rush and our service was very fast. Overall, I had a great experience here for brunch and will definitely return!
First time going here and I gotta say I was a bit impressed. I called in a few times to ask about the menu and was so glad Ryan always answered and was very helpful. It's unfortunate that Yelp doesn't really tell all the menu options that this place has to offer. If you're like me and a bit of a skeptic, breathe a sigh of relief for this place is truly a hipster gem full of yummy food for brunch, lunch and dinner! Woo-hoo!!! Trust me, it's not just coffee, crumpets and smoothies. 

For my first time, I took it easy and went the safe route... Or so I thought. I ordered the buffalo cauliflower because it was gluten free and vegan and had rave reviews on Yelp. Though it was light & tasty, it was very, very, EXTREMELY, super, duper hot-- to my friend & I at least. But thank God for the lovely server Tabitha (think that's her name) who was super cool & helpful by giving me more pickled cucumber dipping sauce and water to help cool my burning mouth! Overall, I had a nice evening of good food, great vibes and a lotta laughs from friends. I would definitely try coming back to try out the brunch menu. I Highly recommend anybody looking for a cool place to kick it with friends and enjoy a rustic hipster ambience with good food to try this place out! P.S. My carnivore friend ordered the beef burger and gobbled it up so fast his shirt asked for seconds! Lol.
I've been to FSC once for an event and then once for a casual drink, but this past Sunday was my first proper time dining with them.

It's a beautiful, cozy, rustic space - a perfect backdrop for a rainy/overcast Sunday brunch.

I ordered the Avocado Toast with poached eggs - really delicious. The "porridge bread" that it was served on was hearty and nutty - which was a nice change of pace from your average piece of toast. 

I also ordered one of the juices - the firefly, with carrot, pineapple, ginger, and tumeric. It was SUPER deliicous. Really bright and refreshing.

My boyfriend ordered the Lox platter, which was a beautiful, organized spread of everything you could want (capers, cucumber, tomato, etc.).

Our server was really easy-going and laid back, always with a smile on her face. She wasn't fussy and made us feel right at home.
This is a cute place that is easily accessible by SEPTA MFL. There is a good brunch selection that accommodates a variety of dietary restrictions. However, the service here really ruined the experience for me.

We came for weekend brunch, so the wait was long to get seated (which is okay with me). However, even after getting seated the waiters took a very long time to even get the menu out. There was another loong wait to order, and then the food took FOREVER to come out. While this might have been. because we were hungry, it gets worse.

There were ANTS crawling all over our table. We were sitting by a windowsill on the second floor, and there was a potted plant there (possible source?). We pointed it out to the waiter and he seemed to question the fact that there were ants at first. Then, after pointing the bugs crawling around our plates a second time, our waiter suggested we might be able to move to a different table. However, he didn't act on it and we ended up moving ourselves over to the next table (which had reserved signs over it). The waiter didn't comment on us moving, or the ants after coming back. We didn't get new food, or an apology.

Will not be returning or recommending after this visit. The food is good, but a little too pricey to be paying for the service they have.
Gorgeous restaurant bar and cafe..well rounded menu definitely a new favorite and welcome addition to the fishtown dining establishment..
Ugh this place is incredible. Brunch rating: A+++

I had a $25 gift card for Front Street from Restaurants.com and we had to spend $50 to use it, so we had a feast. For drinks we ordered a creamsicle smoothie, firefly juice, coffee and a pot of rooibos/chai tea. For food we ordered lean green hotcakes (gluten free) with a side of turkey maple sausage and eggs and the omelette du jour, which was something awesome looking with lots of cheese and meat and veggies (I don't know, it wasn't mine). The omelette came with a side salad, and the pancakes had this awesomely sweet cashew creme (dairy free) on them which seriously made the whole plate. Everything was delicious and the plates were decently-sized. We ate every bite we ordered and were thoroughly stuffed by the time we left. 

There was no wait at all (we reserved a table just in case... and it was also Monday), and our waiter was so sweet and accommodating. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for great brunch in Philly.
Fabulous experience. My sister and I got the black bean burger and BBQ jackfruit sandwich (which both came with a side salad) and shared the two. Both were delicious, prices reasonable (I believe they were $13), good portions, pleasant atmosphere, quick service- truly don't have anything bad to say. The rest of my party got the lobster flatbread, a burger, and a chicken salad. Everyone enjoyed what they ordered which should say something.  

They seem to be taking covid very seriously. Menus are all QR code's so no dirty menus to touch. They gave everyone hand wipes and I even saw the staff wipe chairs down in between party's. Can really tell 
they care. Appreciate that so much. 

Would definitely recommend and return despite me always wanting to try something new!
Located in what looks to be a slowly started gentrification of this part of Kensington, Front Street Cafe is a nice spot to stop for a bite to eat. 
Stopped by today and was promptly greeted by a friendly host who sat us in a window booth. Looking out across the street, we were able to espy the colorful wall art painted in the side of a wall. Definitely that urban vibe throughout. 
Inside is clear and modern, metal accents and chunky wood effortlessly mix to render that warm, yet stylish decor. 
Food offered; tostada quinoa salad with a side of grilled chicken, veggie tacos, hamburger with fries (all was fantastic). Cocktails were vodka-club with lime and a gin and tonic. 
Total was $60-ish, not including tip. 
Would definitely return if I was in that area again.
I'm a local and have been in 3 times so far. Bottom line (understanding and appreciating that they are still working out service/operations), they are totally overpriced to feel sustainable for the neighborhood. It's annoying and a deterrent. Got the vegan tacos today for $12 and when I asked for salsa I was informed that was a $1 up charge... Tacos down the block at Heffe's stand are $6 for 2. Seems like it would make more sense for the space to price reasonably so as to attract repeat customers. Total bummer.
I was needing a salad after eating meat for the last couple days...front street gave me the best greens I could ask for with an excellent kale salad w chicken!! I also had nibbles of buffalo cauliflower, pumpkin tortellini and a chicken finger!! All were great and of course I started w a Stella cocktail which was an amazing blend of Campari n bitters, etc. overall I love this place and will return someday!!
Pros: Great menu selection for brunch, lunch, dinner. Lots of vegan options. Very friendly, professional staff.Two sides one for coffee one for nom noms. 

Cons: Nada one. Really.
I have been a closet Yelp junkie for a long time now. With so many different options, I find myself checking in on others perspectives before going all in. I thought this was a good spot to start off.

I am so happy to add this joint to my morning commute. I am obsessing over their herbal tea selection, seriously!! So good! I haven't tried the food yet, but we are already making plans for brunch on Sunday. The folks that work behind the counter are super friendly and helpful, as well!
I've been dying to try this place out since I've seen so many swoon-worthy photos. I stopped in for a late lunch earlier this week and was initially very pleased with the huge counter, beautiful decor, and friendly waitstaff. We were seated at a pretty cozy booth downstairs and could see the patio out back, which will be amazing when its warmer. 

Every single thing on the extensive menu sounds delicious, and we all had a hard time deciding on what to order. Our server was super friendly and upbeat and provided excellent service. However, the food was so lackluster that we were all disappointed. The pulled mushroom sandwich was completely slathered in BBQ sauce and the cabbage slaw added nothing. Both my tofu tacos and my friend's veggie burger were overpowered by the addition of a sweet tomato jam. The soup of the day- a curry base with veggies, left much to be desired, as did the baked potato side dish. I feel like the menu was written with many excellent ideas in mind, but the kitchen definitely needs to refine the ingredients and flavors. There is so much potential for this place to be ridiculously good, but with three meh dishes, I am skeptical to try more. I hope to come back and sit upstairs or outside and update this review with a higher one because I really want to love it here.
Meh!  Perhaps it was just a tough day for the one server on the 2nd floor. Perhaps they didn't expect patrons would come in groups of six and eight for a drunken brunch meet up.  But the service was slow, orders were mixed up, and one in our party received her meal 15'minutes after everyone else finished. (That meal was removed from our check - thank you!)
The eggs Benedict were just okay.  Our group had a fun time but found the food & service lacking. May try again and sit on the first level for better ambiance.  This felt  like an over-priced coffeehouse/cafe.
We came here for brunch one weekend, and there was a line forming already. Inside there were many empty tables, yet the hostess refused to sit anybody and the wait was anywhere from 30-45 minutes, so we settled to sit at the bar. All the seats at the bar were taken, it seems like everyone who refused to wait for a table all gravitated to the bar. For food, we opted for the chipotle hash and chicken bites. Both were okay, and nothing to write home about. As we left, there were still a bunch of empty tables around us. Definitely hesitant about coming back here for brunch.
Great vegetarian/vegan option in Fishtown. They have all sorts of variety on the menu but we elected to stop here as a best option for our vegan friend int he area. I stopped earlier in the day for iced coffee (yum) and was happy to return for dinner after perusing the menu. For dinner, I had the cauliflower (plain for my toddler) and the harvest salad with shrimp. The cauliflower was very lightly breaded and seasoned. Although is was gently fried, it was not oily or wilted. I had a hard time making myself stop picking at that dish. The harvest salad was a very nice mix of including butternut squash, pumpkin seeds, quinoa, cranberries, goat cheese. You get the idea. I enjoyed my meal and the general atmosphere. The outside garden is absolutely gorgeous. I would recommend a meal here.
Came for brunch yesterday with some friends and had a pleasant time!

I had a bunless turkey burger with a side salad and it was good but not perfect. the burger was a bit dry, but that's usually how turkey burgers turn out but the tomato jam and aioli were delicious. the side salad was nothing special but i did appreciate the pickled onions on top. 

i got a matcha latte and it was a bit more bitter than i'm used to but still got the job done. 

the menu isn't extensive here but everything on it seems really good. the outside patio is also super cute to have a nice lunch/dinner outside with some friends.

will be back again!
beautiful space !i was amazed when I walked in. bartender was super nice and the atmosphere was comfortable. will be coming back!
When it comes to dining options and coffeehouses in the Fishtown proper, finding better than Front Street Cafe can happen fairly easily. But the fact that FSC serves breakfast, lunch, dinner, and coffeehouse favorites with an emphasis on healthier options; and manages to do so while having an easy contender for best outdoor dining area in the 19125; gives it an ample amount of dining experiences that few other restaurants in the area can really compete with!

The first time I came in to grab coffee and a croissant in the morning before work, I sat in my office chair feeling a little lackluster and wishing that I had stopped by La Colombe or Milk Crate instead. But had i of been able to stick around breakfast would have been my savior with bananas fosters hotcakes or chipotle hash, and possibly even a bloody mary for good measure. And the fact that they do daily breakfast until 3:00 pm, with lunch kicking in at 11:00 am makes FSC a boozy brunch hero any day of the week!

When I came in for a dinner among comrades after a Evil Genius Brewery gathering I found myself secretly lamenting for one of the other dining options we could have indulged upon. But as I imbibed upon a good beer from their list of 16 rotating drafts things quickly started to get better. And as I first took a bite of my black bean burger with black beans, carrots, grains, cucumber-dill aioli, arugula, and house pickles on a vegan brioche bun; I was treated to what might just be the best veggie burger I ever had!

Even though I've still only managed to enjoy it during the Yelp Elite Event that we had here, the main event for Front Street Cafe might just be the immaculate outdoor patio which features ample seating and a wonderful bar area. In the ever changing world of Fishtown dining, FSC is an overlooked sleeper. But with all that it offers, it can come out of nowhere and prove that it shouldn't be!
I have a lot to say about brunch at Front Street Cafe so brace yourself...

I'll start with the aesthetics. The restaurant is what I'd consider to be the epitome of Fishtown/NoLibs style. Exposed brick walls, minimalistic decor, and greenery all around. It's a pretty large space with multiple floors and an outside patio area. The space itself is very open with plenty of natural light. 

I came on a Saturday and it seemed to be pretty busy but we were able to be seated and served relatively quickly. Our server was nice and attentive. 

They have a pretty extensive brunch menu including breakfast/lunch food, alcoholic beverages, organic (herbal) teas, organic coffee, juices, and smoothies. I ordered the lean green hotcakes. This consisted of three kale pancakes with seasonal fruit, vanilla cashew cream, seeds, nuts, and maple syrup on the side. It was really good; though, I must admit I was kind of sick of them halfway through my meal. The nuts and seeds gave it a nice crunchy taste. But the best part was definitely the cashew cream drizzled on top. It was also plated very well... definitely Instagram worthy! 

My friend ordered the Front Street breakfast which included eggs (or tofu), smoked black beans, breakfast potatoes, choice of meat, and porridge bread. Honestly, after seeing the hotcakes, we were both extremely underwhelmed by the presentation of her meal. My meal seemed to be perfectly placed whereas hers looked like the food had been thrown onto the plate two seconds prior. She stated it was okay but she wouldn't chose to order it again. I tried the black beans and absolutely hated them. I usually love black beans but I did not like the smoked flavoring at all. 

Would I crave any of the food? Not really. But would I come back? Yes. Next time, I'd try their smoothies. The açai smoothie looks and sounds delicious! All in all, I'd say Front Street Cafe is definitely worth checking out at least once.
I really, really want to like this place. I really do. The space is incredible and very welcoming and comfortable. I don't even mind, much less notice the roar of the El every 5 minutes. That said, I have more than a few quibbles. The staff are really nice and friendly, but not entirely attentive or on the ball. My first visit, we were seated and 20 minutes later, our server a young man who appeared to be somewhere between 16 and 20 years old, stopped by our table, genuinely surprised to find us in his section and more than a little disoriented and confused about what to do about that. my 2nd time here, my server, a young hipster with the hirsute trifecta of a manbun, beard and handlebar mustache, promptly took my order and delivered my food, then proceeded to ignore me for the next 3-1/2 hours. Not once, did he stop by to see how my food was or if I needed another coffee or more food, or even bring me my check to turn the table over. (I did on both counts, and went to the counter to order instead). I tried to get the attention of other servers, but was soundly ignored. this is inexcusable.

As for the food, I appreciate the attempt to serve healthy vegan options, but I'm disappointed that the non vegan options are half hearted. Also a cafe ought to serve a proper bagel. When I ordered my coffee at the counter, I inquired about bagels and the barista smugly and proudly responded that they had "gluten free bagels..." I'm sorry, if you only serve "gluten free bagels,"  you don't serve bagels. I also find the food to be more than a little pricey, with the average breakfast item, well over $10. that's not a deal breaker in and of itself, but between that, the overall quality and poor service, I'm neither inclined to return, nor would I recommend to a friend. I really, really wanted to like this place, but I'm finding it really hard...
Front Street Cafe is absolutely stunning, certainly one of the most beautiful spaces in the city.  A friend and I enjoyed a celebratory dinner here, and the place was already humming with people by 5:30 PM.  The food and drinks are unique and wholesome, and I'm ready to return just for the organic smoothies, juices, and draft kombuchas.  The service had perfect timing and rapport, and we were very pleased with our lazy evening here.  Overall, a new shiny gem for the local neighborhoods.
My sister lives in Fishtown, and this is hands down our favorite brunch spot. The dozen or so times we stopped pre-COVID were all incredible -- the food, the atmosphere, the service have been consistently good every time. 

My go-to order is the huevos rancheros, but I also enjoy a good Front Street Benedict or, if it's later in the day, the chipotle turkey burger and buffalo cauliflower (definitely get garlic siracha if you like a little heat). I used to love their tarragon chicken salad, but I haven't seen it on the menu for some time. Guess I'll have to figure out how to make that one myself.

The staff has always been friendly and our servers have always been incredibly nice and helpful. The vibe is great, too, whether you're sitting inside or out on the huge outdoor patio. I like the tables out there a little more -- they're big and you get more space between tables.  

I haven't been able to stop in since the spring, so I am counting down the days to their 2021 re-opening.
Great food.  I love how they have a lot of vegetarian options on the menu.  When I ate here, I'd say that 80% of the menu options were vegetarian.  I really like that they limit the meat options, even though I'm a meat-eater, because it forces you to consider trying veg options even if you're not used to eating veg.  Everything is delicious!
After flying all night to get to Philly from California, I was exhausted and ready to go home and sleep. But I'm so glad I made a stop at Front Street Cafe for brunch.

We sat on their large outdoor patio, because that's what everyone was doing. It was super nice and hipster, with the elevated train running by less than a block away adding the city ambience.

I got the vegan version of the Front Street Benedict, which included tofu scramble and mushroom scrapple. Vegan scrapple?! I don't think I've ever had real scrapple so don't know how to compare, but this mushroom version was fantastic. My mom couldn't stop raving about it either. I think it's worth coming here just for that! Everything else was super delicious - my family all got other vegan items off the menu that all looked and tasted great. It's not totally vegan here, but there are so many options which will make it a great place to visit regularly.
I've now been here 3 times and this place is just awful. 

The first time my boyfriend and I went it was okay. Decent food, a little expensive and a long wait - but definitely worth coming back to. 

Next time I came with a group of friends. 6 of us. It took nearly an hour for our food and most if it was cold. Okay, I'll give it one more chance - I just won't come for breakfast. 

The last time I was here 2 of us rolled in around 11:45 for a cocktail and got the least inviting welcoming from the bartenders/bar patrons. Clearly most people sitting at the bar were staff and they kept giving us dirty looks and the bartenders were clearly unhappy we were even there. We drank our cocktails as quickly as possible and left. No one said bye or thanks. 

With a many new places opening in Fishtown as there are, I see no reason to come back here.
Just perfect with a raw and organic environment ,friendly atmosphere and the best coffee ever!!
How have I not noticed this place before? Women Bike PHL had a coffee club meeting here and even though it's a few blocks from my place, it was my first time. The space is great (and large) and the service is really friendly. I only had a matcha tea latte but I'll be back for a sit down meal soon. So
Many veggie options!
Came in today and tried the big vegan breakfast, the smoked black beans and "mushroom bacon" are out of this world. My friend Dominic had the "lean green hot cakes" with a side of regular bacon.  Everything was excellent, the space could be one of the nicest around, looking forward to trying more items on the menu, will try and come back with the wife soon. This could possibly be the best breakfast spot in Northern Liberties/Fishtown. I'll keep you posted.
This is my new local favorite spot! Everything is healthy and fresh. They have something for everyone. You can get dishes with meat or completely vegan. The atmosphere is chill and relaxed. I've only had a few things on the menu since it's so new bit I come here almost every day for coffee and fresh juice. It usually takes  awhile to get your food...
Front Street Cafe is everything! The front part is your traditional cafe, serving coffee, smoothies and the like. Move towards the interior and you'll see a long, fully-stocked bar and tables/booths. There's a huge outdoor area with seating as well.

The menu has something for everyone. Everything is labeled accordingly, so if you're gluten free (GF) or Vegan (V), you'll be very satisfied with the selections. 

During our visit, we had the buffalo cauliflower which is seriously the best way to get me to eat that bland vegetable. It was FIRE. For an entree, I had the tostada grain bowl, which was huge and a bit too heavy on the grain for my liking, but still delicious. My husband enjoyed a fish special served over polenta and he licked his plate clean. I had a vegan/GF cheesecake for dessert and it was superb.

Overall, everything from the ambiance to the food and friendly wait staff was exceptional. I'm not in Fishtown much, but I can see making a special trip to FSC every now and then.
Honestly, for all the hype I've heard about this place from friends and Yelp, I was pretty bummed - again - with my most recent visit to Front Street Café. I made a reservation for Sunday brunch almost a week in advance. I knew the weather was going to be beautiful, so I specifically requested, if possible, an outdoor seat. When we arrived, we were told that there was only inside seating available, but as we passed the open doors to the lovely back area, I saw at least three open tables, one with two chairs, which would have been ideal for my date and I. Whatevs. Our hostess was less than welcoming, and the whole line/ waiting area had no organization or structure. It was kind of chaotic.

I was just excited to eat the amazing food that I've heard so much about. My date and I decided to get one sweet and one savory entrée and do the ol' splitsy. We wanted to try the hash, but it had mushrooms and onions, and was unfortunately uncustomizable. We got the huevos rancheros and the chicken waffle bites, and of course, a side of bacon. 

Our server was super great and checked on us frequently. We opted for some mimosas while we waited. We waited over half an hour for our food, which I didn't mind, but our server apologized, blaming a backup in the kitchen.

I wasn't bothered until our food did finally come. The heuvos rancheros was the better of the dishes, but it wasn't hot - it was fully cooked, but temperature wise, tasted like it'd been sitting out for a bit. The chicken bites were juicy and tender, but overall pretty boring. Just okay. I didn't care for the syrup served with it - had a funky flavor. They would have been better with some honey mustard. The side of bacon was $5 and came with three tiny strips. It was laughable when it came to the table. I noticed that the mimosas on their cocktail list are cheaper than if you order one off the brunch menu. Seems fishy to charge your brunch patrons more for a drink...it's like un-happy hour.

Our total bill, for the two of us, came to $80+ after tip, and honestly, I was unsatisfied. Our server was nice and the location is great, and I do like that they take reservations. However, I can think of many other ways I would have rather spent that money, and none of them are eating here. Three strikes, you're out Front Street Café.
I must say, I have mixed feelings about Front Street Cafe! First off, I heard and read quite a few good things about this place and they got a lot of good reviews on Yelp, but for me when I'm driving to a place , that is a part of my over all experience. Too much traffic and giant potholes that I constantly had to dodge! The restaurant is very lively,  trendy with a great menu. I like that it has vegan options as well as meat options on the menu. We decided to go there for dinner Friday night. I made a reservation for 8:30pm. By this being my first time there I had no idea that the parking was almost nonexistent.  I drove around over 20 minutes looking for somewhere to park (and dodging potholes). I finally had to get on a parking lot that's about a half block away from the restaurant.  The price was $25 :(  It was either pay or go some place closer to home.  Needless to say, we didn't make it into the restaurant till after 9pm.  They said they didn't see a reservation for us! (Maybe they canceled it once we were late). 
The seating is too close together.  If I wanted to listen to the people's conversation next to me it would not have been a problem!
Once we got pass all that crazy, we had a nice dinner. We ordered the buffalo califlower and flatbread of the day for appetizers.  I ordered the Mahi-Mahi, with roasted potatoes and vegetables.  My friend ordered the Vegan Cheesesteak and   fries. We got the Chocolate Mousse to share.
I got a piece of Chocolate cake to take home.  ( Don't judge me! )
Our waiter (Tirrell) was very nice and helpful! The portions were a good size. 
The food was very good and fresh as well.
The only complaint is the tables are to close together and I don't like having to pay that much to park my car. I doubt if I'd go back to this restaurant unless someone was taking me there.
I would give the area this restaurant is in 2 stars!
The restaurant itself,  4 stars.
Loved everything about this place; warm, rustic atmosphere; unique menu with fresh ingredients, attentive and knowledgable staff. 

Cocktails were the only thing that weren't very impressive for the price.

Food: 
Le salad was a delicious mix with Granny Smiths, vegan mushroom bacon, and a seedy mustard dressing with a poached egg on top. The egg really pulled this dish together, highly recommended! Good size salad for sharing.

Vegan queso dip was a bowl of smoked black beans topped with cashew cheese and avocado with fresh tortilla chips. So so good, and my bf couldn't believe the cheese wasn't real. Also a good size portion for sharing.

Dinner: so I originally ordered the pecan crusted oyster mushroom entree but they ran out :( I was disappointed only because I wanted to try the dish but whenever a restaurant runs out of something I think it goes to show how fresh the ingredients really are that they don't have a stash frozen in the back!

Veggie burger was unbelievable with all the flavors. Soft light bun, aioli, pickles, quinoa and grain blend burger with a hint of chipotle, marinated lettuce and a tomato jam for just a bit of sweetness. So many different flavors but they came together beautifully! Also got a side of sweet potato coconut soup...creamy with just a hint of sweet, so good!

My bf got the duck which I did not try but he cleaned the plate. Fat was cooked on with the jus made into a gravy over mashed potatoes with broccoli raab made unlike he'd ever had. 

We loved this place! No room for dessert but would absolutely return to try again!
I came for lunch with a friend over the weekend. They had a limited menu but it was the perfect selection for us. I had the quinoa veggie burger with a side salad and peach blossom tea. I ordered the tea iced. The waiter brought it to the table with a glass of ice and said it only comes hot but here's a glass of ice. I wish I knew ahead of time - immediately when I poured it into the glass it was all water as the ice melted. At that point I preferred to drink it hot but I didn't have a mug. The waiter was difficult to find. He didn't ask if I wanted sugar/ sweetener with the tea and I had to walk up to the front to get some (it's not on the tables). My friend was given soup without a spoon. The food was okay, the layout of the cafe is very nice and relaxed but the service was poor and has areas for improvement. 

I will likely not travel from center city to come here again.
What a fun entree into the hip north east of center city. Take the L or an Uber and you are greeted by bare brick, dark wood, and great service.  I judge brunch by the poached eggs, and this place is the best ever.  The kids got a free glazed doughnut! Love it! Afterwards we walked the neighborhood with full stomachs and change in our pocket. If the area needs  an ambassador, I would chose this place. Come here!
Front Street Cafe should be a 5 star establishment- beautiful space that has a cafe, bar/restaurant, upstairs seating area and huge outdoor area with a big bar and serving good food and drink. It's a very versatile setup in that they are open early and close late (6a-12a and 6a-2a on Fri-Sat). I won't be going there so often and I feel it won't live up to its potential because of their pricing strategy.  The place itself is beautiful and the type of spot I think locals would go to on a regular and even daily basis (think La Colombe Fishtown) but its juts too expensive for that. Some examples: Acai Bowl $14, 12oz fresh juices $7, ban mi $12 (its small), 2 breakfast tacos $13, bottle of dogfish head 90 Minute IPA $8.50. These prices may be fine for one off meals or for a first time experience but I think they are really missing the opportunity to have the place busy ALL the time by keeping the prices reasonable.
The following review is for brunch:

Came here on Saturday morning as I had bookmarked this place for a while and heard great things. I am not a vegan, but lactose intolerant and have a difficult time with bread (not gluten free, just can't do a lot of bread). Let me start by saying that I had a really difficult time picking only one thing...so I didn't! Here is what I got:

1. Porridge: Oh....My.....Lord was this good. This bowl (gluten free and vegan btw) is so large and full of all of the good things your body needs. You have plant-based milk, coconut, nuts, fruits, and just general deliciousness. Not to mention that the portion is HUGE! I took like 60% of it home and had it for breakfast this morning (still good). 

2. Vegan Scrapple: I've had better but it wasn't the worst. Doesn't taste like scrapple, though. 

3. Mushroom Bacon: I'm telling you right now that I will have dirty dreams about this "bacon". As a meat eater, this bacon (while it doesn't taste 100% like bacon) is the work of a genius. How on earth did you get mushrooms to taste like that? If you don't get the bacon, you're a fool. Try it! A side is just $4! Even my mate, who got actual bacon, was surprised at how good it was. Do. It. 

4. My mate got the eggs benedict with bacon on an everything english muffin. The muffin was not your typical Thomas', but looked good. The bacon was exceptionally done, nice a crispy. However, the hollandaise looked a little TOO yellow for my fancy and...to the detriment of those like myself who love to watch a poached egg explode...the second one was cooked all the way through like a hard boiled egg. Oh well, it happens. Poaching is an art. 

For drinks, I got a cortada which was good and my  mate got a coffee which was way too bitter for my taste. He also got a Mimosa that was way overpriced but "it's okay, it's mainly champagne" he assured me. I got a glass of wine to finish off my meal that was a-okay in my book. 

Will I be back? You bet your sweet bum I will! I want to try all the things!
I rarely yelp anything and feel bad that I am being one of "those complainers" but hopefully management takes notice and steps in to improve some things. To be fair, I have stopped in to grab a juice from the cafe here or a drink at the bar and that has gone well, however, today we decided to try brunch. We were seated, all areas open, upstairs, outside, cafe. Not that busy when we first arrived. It took 10-15 minutes before our waitress came over, she was very nice, however, she was dealing with a party upstairs (found out later) and was overwhelmed. Our wait was mentioned by her and we put in an order for juice and food. Juice took another 15-20 minutes to come over. Again, acknowledged and yes the cafe got backed up with walk ins...and this is what I think the issue is, too many moving parts in this place. Then the wait, we sat for over an hour before our food came out, during this time there was no one who came over to explain, check on us, etc..insult to injury, one plate came out cool, almost cold the other steaming, neither dish was complicated. We were just about to leave before the food came - pay for our drinks and go but yeah, had to grab the manager to note the poor food situation. If just one thing had happened off, ok but 3 separate issues in one sitting no. The manager didn't charge us, I offered to pay for the juice, but then again, we didn't eat anything or take any food. Went to Kraftwork and had a great breakfast as usual instead. 
I've worked industry before, I am patient, I understand things happen but please take note Front St and perhaps scale things back - also, do not assign tables in an upstairs downstairs situation, not fair to the server or their patrons.
Have stopped by this place for coffee a few times on my way to work.  I find myself purchasing some of their to-go food items each time as well!  And each time I am not disappointed.  The coffee is great, the parfaits are delicious, their pastries are to die for, and all the other to-go lunch foods I have tried have been healthy and wonderful.

Overall, this place has a great look and feel and I will be back again morning after morning.
I was in the area and came back for an afternoon bite. The service was MUCH better without the brunch rush. We ordered the lentil chili bowl and the buffalo cauliflower, both looked and tasted great! This place offers creative, wholesome twists on classics. There is also free WiFi and ample space to work (we came on a weekday afternoon). There are also smoothies and juices to try!
LOVE the food here and be drinks!! The ambiance and outdoor seating is super yuppy. I got the heavos rancheros
Quite impressed with this restaurant! Everything is focused on a combination of flavor and health and they are very upfront about animals products on their menu. Great for vegetarians and vegans. A little less transparent about gluten free options, they were still quite accommodating and the waiter went to the kitchen to ask about two things. 

The juices are excellent, the drinks are awesome and overall I left feeling good (not over-stuffed like a lot of places!) 

We ate downstairs - which has a very modern vibe - and then headed upstairs to sit next to the (fake) fireplace on couches. Upstairs is cozy and comfortable. 

Overall a great experience and definitely worth checking out. They have a ton of space which means it probably will have less of a wait than other places. 

With drinks and juices, coffee and meals, we ended up spending a lot but I think you could probably get a great brunch and coffee for $20. The problem is that everything just looks so good you'll want to get the juices too!

They also have a walkup coffee bar if you just want to get a smoothies or juice and coffee to go.
I was glad I made a reservation this place gets pretty crowded. Not that it's their fault but it could be a problem for this business, it's very difficult to find parking in the area.  Once we arrived for our reservation there was a line to the host stand but we were immediately seated, no wait time this is a good start. Shortly after our server introduced herself, we placed our drink orders. It would be nice if decaf coffee was available a lot of people forgo caffeine products so this is a big negative for my guest. On the other hand I ordered Lillet Vive to drink it had a good taste but filled with too much of an unidentifiable item like orange pulp. Although I did view the menu before going I was disappointed simple things like plain pancakes or a simple version of french toast aren't listed. I ordered the french toast with everything on the side. It was prepared and cooked to perfection. My guest ordered the Front Street Breakfast for her, the bacon was under cooked (she should be specific and ask for well done), she said the eggs tasted like egg beaters and the potatoes from my view looked like burnt Brussels sprouts. I eat everything and I wouldn't have touched those things at all!

Overall the restaurant is very comfy you can eat in or out doors. There is plenty of room and places to sit, a nice bar area, lively customers and just a very pleasant place visually to sit to just have a drink or eat. Would I eat here again? Probably, I just wouldn't make a special trip to do so.
Next to the kung fu necktie.. very pretty inside, unlike the outside of philly. They have vegan options, and the food is reasonable in price. I recommend it to anyone who is vegan and not. They have coffee and teas as well. The staff was very friendly.
SO good. Incredible menu. Great vegetarian and vegan options. Ingredients are super fresh and the food is delicious. This place is long overdue in Philly. Outside area is huge and beautiful- inside has great ambience. The staff is personable and professional. Get the Green Pancake Stack and the Acai bowl. Will be back to try everything on the menu.
Love this place.
Pros: I finally visited Front Street Cafe in person after ordering several times through Uber eats. The food is always delicious. So, I finally visited in person today. The food was really good and Stephen was our server he was really on point. 

Cons: The tables are really close together, a slim Caucasian woman with black hair and glasses walks to the table right next to us and begins spraying a cleaning solution onto the table. I immediately suggested to her (pleasantly) that she should spray the solution onto the cloth away from patrons and then wipe the table as not to spray anyone's food, she rolled her eyes made a noise and returned to spraying the table again this time on the opposite side of the table that was even closer to our food. The other patrons also said something in reference to the way she was spraying. She was extremely rude and ignorant and just walked away.
That experience alone put a very bad taste in my mouth, and makes me not want to return.
I have been looking for "gluten free option" cafe! Finally its here! I love this place. Food is fresh and delicious
I went to FSC for brunch with my hubs this past Saturday and loved it so much I returned with a friend on Monday! While Fishtown is by no means lacking in vegan friendly restaurants this one stands apart. The bulk of the menu is already vegan unless otherwise indicated which is a nice change. 
On my first visit I had the vegan Benedict with the scrapple and it was bomb, the scrapple seemed like some mix of lentils & grains and it was amazing. My hubs had the breakfast tacos and said he would for sure get them again. 
During my second visit I had the big vegan breakfast & again it didn't disappoint (and it is a TON of food), this time I tried the mushroom bacon and while it was good it really didn't hold a candle to the scrapple. My friend got the Benedict non-vegan style with eggs, egg based hollandaise, and the vegan scrapple & loved it as well. She commented on how perfectly her eggs were prepared and, like me, said she cannot to try more offerings. 
I took off 1 star because really, what is brunch without an awesome Bloody Mary? And unfortunately the bloodies here leave something to be desired. When I first ordered mine the waitress warned me that it might be spicier than I was used to and I was excited & hoping that would be true...it wasn't. The drink itself was blah & underwhelming, but the pickled accompaniments were great. I'll stick with one of their fresh juices or the Lillet Vive (which was delicious) on future visits. 
The service was great on both instances, all of the staff seemed really knowledgeable about the menu and were very friendly while not being overbearing.
First time his as it has recently opened. I've only had the coffee, which is excellent (cold brew), however the building sets a nice atmosphere and the patio is large and relaxing. Check it out of you haven't already. I'll continue to update the more I explore the menu.
My new fave brunch spot!!! So delish (and secretly healthy-ssshhh). The space is absolutely gorgeous so don't let its location deter you. I've been twice now and have had very accommodating service and excellent food. The tomato jam and those potatoes... OMG!! They have some of the best coffee too!
We were seated immediately around 1 pm the Friday after Thanksgiving which was great. They promote the restaurant as "vegan", but I believe a better assessment is vegan friendly because there are plenty of meat dishes which are clearly labeled. 

Food was delicious! We had a variety of things: Vegan cheesesteak, griddled cheese, chipotle hash, and Quinoa oat porridge. Everything was so fresh, yummy and came out quickly. The vegan cheesesteak was phenomenal - thank you for having this as an option! Overall, it was a great experience and I will return when I'm in Philly!
Front Street Cafe is located right next to the El in Fishtown. Honestly, I have such mixed feelings about this eatery. Their hours are convenient, opening right at 7, so perfect for anyone looking for a hearty meal after a long night shift, but they don't serve any of their brunch cocktails (besides mimosas and bloody marys) until 8:30 am. For the most part, I find their food overly greasy and bland, and the meal takes forever to hit the table. I'm occasionally pleasantly surprised, but for the most part, I expect mediocrity whenever I visit Front Street. I'll most likely still be back because it's one of the few brunch spots that isn't BYO in the area, but I'll continue to keep my expectations low.
Americans are usually used to restaurants that are catered to the people who eat everything. For those with dietary restrictions, you have to specify what you don't want in your food to make sure you can eat it. But here, it's a vegan/vegetarian restaurant, and if you want the non-vegan/veg options, it's your turn to specify. Although I'm not vegan/veg, it was great seeing my friend (who's vegan) being able to order everything on the menu, and not having to worry about telling the server how to make it. I'm sure he felt a sense of relief to be able to live in our world. 

We made a reservation, which I would recommend because the place was packed on a Saturday night! There is outdoor seating, which is covered by a huge tarp, so you don't have to worry about rain or snow. The place was dimly lit with cute hanging lights, great for a date night. Our server was amazing - Sam - she was super attentive and even gave us recommendations on her favorites. It was also my friend's bday, so I asked her to put a candle on our dessert, which she happily did. 

We ordered the buffalo cauliflower (general tso's flavored) and the mac and cheese to share. We LOVED the cauliflower, it was cooked perfectly, with a nice crunch, and the sauce had a great balance of spice and tanginess. I wasn't a big fan of the mac and cheese, because like I said, I'm not vegan, so I'm not used to vegan cheese. But my friend enjoyed it. I ordered the pan seared duck breast, which was one of the specials. The duck breast was a little undercooked, but I didn't mind it when I mixed it with a bite of quinoa. The pear and asparagus were great "sides" to the dish, it highlighted the duck but had amazing flavors on their own. 

There are still so many things on the menu that I'd love to try, so I'll definitely be back! This place has helped me realized that I, too, can live a healthier lifestyle - being vegan really isn't that bad!
Never been to check out the vibe at night, but early mornings here are perfect. Friendly baristas, beautiful surroundings, most importantly good coffee. Can't wait to hang out in the gorgeous courtyard once it warms back up.
Checked this place out via another friends recommendation for being vegan friendly. 

This is a corner cafe under a bridge that checks so many boxes for a neighborhood cafe. Super friendly wait staff, great decor (exposed brick, wooden booths, nice outdoor patio), work friendly and really good food, more on that in a bit.

This place is very work friendly with outlets all over the place to plug in. They have two seating areas on the lower level - by the restaurant and by the coffee shop. Coffee shop area is a little quieter but the restaurant isn't obnoxiously loud either. Upstairs they have additional seating and room for events.

The FOOD! I ordered the Vegan Benedict with scrapple and a side of mushroom bacon. Everything about my meal was delicious and it was great to finally enjoy a Benedict now that I went vegan. The real standout was the side salad, it had this amazing ginger dressing reminiscent of the hibachi places but not as heavy here. 

If a restaurant ever has weird/unique things on the menu I usually order it. Cue the mushroom bacon. I was expecting it be a salty/savory edition but it ended up being on the sweeter side and I treated it as my dessert post Benedict meal.

This might be the place I've been looking for...
I wish I could have given a better review, but, unfortunately, the service during our visit left a lot to be desired. 

First, we had a reservation for the time when we arrived (1:15 on 1/15), but that was largely ignored. We still ended up having to wait with others without reservations, and our table took some time before it was ready. 

Second, the food service was incredibly slow. I'm pretty sure the waitress forgot to bring out our food once it was ready. We had to ask for it because we were starving, and it then came out immediately. Sadly, it had gotten a bit cold by that time. 

Fortunately, the food was pretty tasty. :-)
I came here twice for lunch and it was absolutely amazing. The front  street Benedict came with a very hearty and filling salad on the side. There is also another front street Benedict with salmon and home fries and the other is with Applewood smoked bacon. These portion sizes are huge so you will not leave feeling hungry. I ordered the açaí bowl and it was yummy. I've also ordered the French toast. It comes with two thick pieces of toast that are at least 2 inches and thickness! It comes topped with fruit, cream cheese in between each layer, syrup and chocolate that is not extremely sweet. I would order again but with all of the toppings on the side this time. I also ordered a side of eggs, applewood smocked bacon and hot chocolate. I didn't particularly enjoy the hot chocolate. The Mimosa was amazing! As you know I Mimosa comes with orange juice and champagne but this one also had tequila in there! Surprisingly the star of the show would have to be the garlic Sriracha buffalo cauliflower. Oh. My. Gosh. The. Best. Thing. In. The. World. PERIODT. You HAVE to get it. It comes in two flavors regular buffalo and then the garlic Sriracha. Get the garlic Sriracha and see how your life will change after just one bite.

This place is great. They have lost of outdoor seating and indoor space. I highly recommend.
New favorite spot to eat!  As a gluten free vegetarian it can be very challenging going out to eat.  Front Street Cafe has a lot of wonderful choices and the server was very knowledgeable about the menu and how they could accommodate me.  The food was fantastic and the service was great.
