This location is definitely more my speed than the one on Passyunk. It's not nearly as in-your-face with regards to music and decor. There is plenty of seating, which I imagine is necessary to serve the weekday lunch crowd. 

The menu is filled with healthy choices. I wish there were more places in Philly that catered to a health conscious crowd, and I applaud FUEL for being one of the few. 

So the reason for only three stars is that my take-out salad ended up costing me over $12. Which would have been fine, since I was the one who chose to add grilled shrimp for three bucks, except my salad contained just three shrimp. Three. One dollar per small-sized shrimp. I felt a little had. They were delicious, I just wish there had been more for the cost of the up-sell. 

I'd return if I were in the area and in need of a healthy option, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
I'm not really sure WHAT is going on with this location- especially since I used to love this place when I moved to CC....
Yes, the food is yummy and I *WAS* a big fan of the thanksgiving panini but that's all been shot to hell! 
I've had too many horrible customer service experiences at this location that have left me completely confused and scratching my head... I've heard countless stories of orders being completely messed up or delivery being super late and food arriving cold but I still supported them and wanted to give them my business... 
... Until now. 
I convinced my boyfriend to give Fuel ONE LAST TRY (he has been completely turned off by Fuel from our last experience with "Ashley" who claimed she was the manager yet was completely rude to us over a Groupon deal and we watched her curse us out from our table in the kitchen). Half way through my sandwich and mid chew I pull a slimy piece of plastic out of my mouth!!! I *WISH* I was making this up! 
I call them back to let them know (we ordered our food for pick up and we're eating at home) and guess we got- MORE ATTITUDE and BAD customer service. 

NOPE. I'm done with you, Fuel. DONE. 
The only reason why I'm even giving 2 stars is because I used to love this place and I'm nostalgic for those memories. Until then, Fuel needs to revamp for cleanliness and retrain their employees for customer service!
Like many savvy, calorie-conscious people out there, I'm always trying to lose weight. However, the scale won't cooperate, and the number on it keep going up (Ugh!) Not to mention the yummy and insanely unhealthy cheesesteak ( Why Philadelphia, WHY?!)

Regardless, if you go to Fuel, you won't regret it. Here's why:
- All menu items are under 500 calories.
- All menu items can be gluten-free modified.
- All ingredients are locally-sourced, and 100% organic.
- All juices and smoothies are fresh at the juice bar.

Choose toasted smooth Hummus, Chicken Lettuce Wraps, deconstructed fresh Guacamole salad, Thai Chicken Panini with peanut sauce, or Wake Me Up smoothie. All that and tons more of healthy and tasty meals. Fuel can fuel you up everyday from 11am-10pm and to 11pm on Friday and Saturday.
Keep in mind, it's on the expensive side.


Pro Tip: Look for Groupon deal. Most likely you'll find one. Usually $12 for $20 Worth of Sandwiches and Smoothies! You're welcome! 

Three and Half Yelps.
I have never been to the South Philly location, and the Center City one just opened. I went today for lunch, and I liked it. I had the Thai chicken (wheat) wrap, and I loved it. I had a carrot/orange/ginger juice, and it was great. But what I loved most was the pumpkin cheesecake. Everything on the menu is under 500 calories, and under $10, so you can't go wrong. Oh, I also had a cup of regular coffee, and it was very good indeed. I'm going back! I really like this place!
I feel duped!! 

I kept wondering how they came to their under 500 calorie claim, as it didn't seem to add up.  How can something with ingredients such meat, cheese, pesto, etc., AND bread add up to only approx 300-400 calories?  Without sacrificing relatively good flavor?? Lo and behold, on the very last page of the menu, at the bottom of the page, I see that calorie counts do NOT include bread.  How do you have a section for panini's and wraps, list calorie counts, but then state that the bread/wrap is not included??

Well, for those of you who are calorie/carb/points counting, feel free to add at least an extra 200 calories to the listed calorie counts in the menu--bringing the calorie count for most of their panini's/wraps to well above 500 calories.  What kind of trickery and dishonesty is this??  So disappointed. Just be honest and avoid the gimmicks, Fuel!  And how about you actually list the calorie/carb  count for the panini bread/wraps that you  conveniently excluded from your menu. 

And if I'm wrong, and somehow misread or misinterpreted the menu, I would love for one of the owners to address this....if not, I'll take  your silence as an admission of guilt.
This review is only based on the smoothie.
I never thought peanut butter, strawberry, chocolate, and avocado would go well together, but dammit if Fuel didn't make it taste great.



That's all I got folks :-)
I won't be back. 
We went post work out thinking where better to refuel than Fuel, right? We were greeted by the most miserable waitress ever, no introduction, no name, just "Sit here" and "You ready?". I have never really experienced anything like it, she sort of reminded me of Wednesday Adams so maybe that was her problem, she was dead or something. The TVs had some weird music videos on when the Sixers were playing in the playoffs. Just did not make a lot of sense. 

The food was probably 3 stars. We had guacamole with corn. It tasted like basic guacamole with corn. Nothing special but nothing bad. After our wraps were thrown on the table, yes thrown, I knew this place's food was just average. The wraps took forever and I am fairly certain they aren't carving up a fresh turkey every time someone orders one. I got the Roasted Turkey wrap and would have preferred a Wawa hoagie. The tortilla and turkey weren't fresh and it was loaded with cheap pesto. I don't know if they are trying to be healthy, but healthy food DOES NOT have to taste bad. 

I would not recommend to anyone, even with the Yelp discount (you can get $20 worth of food for $15). The only healthy part is they display the calorie count and don't serve basically anything fried. You can eat healthy elsewhere if you order wisely.
Vroom! That's for being fueled and happy, not for the speed of the service (which is what kept this from being a 5-star review). 

A solid start for this place. For someone like me, who quite dislikes Saladworks, this fills a void in the area -- relatively healthy, lots of vegetarian options and everything freshly made there (including their mozzarella). They have some kinks to work out, service-wise (too many folks right now, I think, and they haven't worked out a rhythm), but if they do that and continue with the solidly good food (great salmon wrap and my colleagues loved the grilled cheese and tomato soup), they should be around for a long time. I hope they are!
Here's my reaction to Fuel Center City: "Um... okaaayyy..."

For whatever reason, it's taken me a long time to stop into Fuel, even after opening this location a couple blocks from my office. I decided today was the day. I had a taste for a big fresh squeezed juice and their juice bar came to mind. So I headed down to Fuel. 

This place is extremely busy around 12:30 on a weekday and also extremely corny. With loud electronic gym music playing, abstract, bright videos playing on the flat screens that scream FITNESS, the space itself is poorly lit and loud. But I get it - many 9 to 5ers are looking for healthy, low-cal alternatives to the usual lunch spots around the area. That's fair. Also, I just remembered that this place used to be PHAG, and will now take a moment to mourn their kitschy stock and snotty staff.

Moving on, the people who working here look OPPRESSED. The guy who took my order had the phone up to his ear for most of the time I was here, including when he took my order and the time it took to make it. [Edit: He wasn't even talking into the phone. It was just up to his ear the entire time, pinched between his shoulder and head. I'm guessing someone was on hold, but I still found this disconcerting.] After sitting around waiting for someone to at least approach the juice making station to fix my "Give Me a Tan", a staffer walked in hurriedly from the outside, I'm guessing to report for duty. He, eventually, got around to whipping up my order, but what if he wouldn't have walked in for another 5 or 10 minutes? The situation here is weird. Everyone is ultra-rushed and looked visibly upset to be there. Is everyone having a bad day? 

So he eventually got around to making my juice (the only person working I saw smile at all) which wasn't the juice I expected (I anticipated a smooth, liquidy, relatively pulp-free - basically the kind of stuff you see pouring out of the spout of a Jack LaLanne juicer on the infomercials). Instead, it was just orange juice, carrot chunks and apple liquefied in a VitaMix blender. A puree with ice and a straw in it.

For $5.40 (incl. tax, people) you get 20oz, which is a fair amount, but I don't think I'll be back any time soon. I might have to order my own Jack LaLanne mixer or perhaps count that his people will read this local review and send me one for free.
Just opened up - was definitely a solid choice. Greeted by a host that very intuitively asked whether we wanted to dine in or take out (we didn't know if taking out was an option); very friendly, and service was very quick. Placed our orders and sat on the side to wait.

Waited maybe 10 minutes, and then the food came out. 28 bucks got us an appetizer and two entrees. Food was fresh and delicious. Started with Shrimp Canapes - very, very good. The High-Protein Grilled Cheese was amazing (on wheat), and then the Grilled Chicken wrap was nothing special.

That being said, the excellence of the app. and grilled cheese more than make up for the mediocrity of of the grilled chicken wrap. Why was it mediocre, might you ask? Dry, less than flavorful, etc... 

The grilled cheese is nothing like any grilled cheese you've had before, and I would eat it again and again. Maybe today. You should do the same.
this place is exactly what was missing in my life.

free delivery for $10+ orders.
under 500 cal meals (that usually end up as two meals for me).
creamy hummus and warm fresh pitas.
various smoothies, substitute whatever fruit your little heart desires.

it's the perfect meal on a hot summer day, top it off with a low-cal cannolo if you're feeling adventurous.
It all seems frantic
There's way to much going on
Just make food, okay?

Fuel needs to get over itself. I can't be the only one that thinks this place is just got some sort of identity crisis: it looks like a dance club mixed with a health spa, japanese templa and Sherwin-Williams. The TV's play some trippy station with odd colors and shapes all swirling together. There's probably some subliminal messaging in there too. "buyfoodbuydrinksdon'tgetfatdon'tgetfatdon'tgetfat."

And they have sandwiches. Acceptably filling but not overly thrilling sandwiches. They're tasty enough, but for 100 more calories you can hit up any number of other places in the city without being assaulted by color, lights and a barrage of overly energetic thin people who haven't tasted a roast pork sandwich in years.
Every review that I complete for this restaurant is always 5 stars because they are consistently awesome! Service is fantastic and they do GLUTEN FREE paninni sandwiches (which are so delicious)!

Detox smoothies are absolutely amazing and a delicious addition to any meal. The guacamole is a large portion and the amount of chips they give (I know, details) is a generous size. Any appetizer I have had here is a good size and very tasty. 

Smoked salmon gluten free panini is what I got for my meal and it was so good I ate the entire thing, and that is after I ate the guacamole lol!

Thai chicken my husband got as a salad and it was huge! He said that is was delicious as well (no surprise here). We always take food away from here because they give such great portions. 

If you are looking for a solid, healthy, and DELICIOUS, then you must go here.
I approached Fuel with some apprehension. I don't like to think of food as just "fuel" but rather as something to savor and enjoy. But, when I saw a $10 for $20 Groupon, I figured I'd give it a shot.

Here are the results...

The best: Thyme Lemonade. I've never had this before, but I'm sold. In fact, I may try to recreate it at home as a summer-time beverage.

The OK: I shared two sandwiches with my gf -- the smoked salmon and the TMB with smoked salmon. (We must have been craving mercury.) The TMB was the better of the two, thanks to the extra flavor provided by the pesto. But neither were stand-outs.

The miserable: I generally don't mind if a restaurant's decor is a bit lacking. But Fuel was particularly unpleasant. The music -- pulsating techno -- was more suited to a jazzercise class than a sit-down meal. (In fact, I think they may have stolen the soundtrack from the 12th Street Gym.) The interior is very poorly designed. We were crammed into a thin passageway with just enough room between tables for the waiter to walk -- sideways. Definitely not enough space to loosen your belt.

Alas, I'm afraid I won't be refueling at Fuel in the near future.
4 stars because:
-Everything under 500 calories (note that this does NOT include bread for sandwiches, chips for dip, etc. - so ask questions)
-Tons of vegetarian options
-Any sandwich can be gluten free
-Yummy, fresh food - I love the tomato basil mozz pesto sandwich.
-They are on like, every deal site known to man... there's a Yelp deal, Foursquare deal, Groupon Now deal, they're on LevelUp, they give you a 10% off coupon at the bottom of every receipt...
-Weight Watchers points listed right on the menu - although they are suspiciously low compared to the calories, which brings me to...

Not 5 stars because:
-My partner did some number crunching for the Weight Watchers points and things just don't add up. Next time I'm there, I'm going to ask for the full nutrition info. 
-Why not delineate which dishes are vegetarian or vegan on the menu?
-Service is consistently bad, but honestly, I can get over that if the food is good enough.
Fuel = expensive. How far can you go on $20? Not very. And is it a restaurant? Or is it a deli? This place seems confused. They have table service, but it's not readily apparent as you walk in. 

Shrimp canapes. 4 medium shrimp with hummus on slices of cucumber. With a slice of basil and a grape tomato. $9.95? Really? It was good, but come on.

South Philly Salad. Basically an antipasto in a bowl. With slices of chicken. $9.95? Hope they used 50 year old Balsamic vinegar. 

I like the concept of this place, but spending over $20 per person for a low-cal dinner without a drink is pretty steep. 

I hate to knock a place, but I'd rather burn a couple extra calories, save $10 and walk a couple blocks to the Whole Foods salad bar instead.

Food was good, and it's nice to have an option like this around, but I'm more apt to pay sit-down restaurant prices in a place where somebody actually seats me and takes my order.
In effort to have a quick, healthy dinner my husband and I swung into Fuel after happy hour (no judging).   Fuel is on Spotluck so we were excited for a discounted meal too.

Like all Spotluck deals, you must dine in. We were literally the only ones there aside from the employees and two pick up orders. This has to be a lunch scene, right?

The staff was friendly and knew we weren't looking to dine. We had some fun tunes on in the background.

My goat cheese and eggplant wrap was so perfect on paper: Roasted Eggplant, Goat cheese, Pesto, Roasted Peppers, and Arugula.

Unfortunately, the eggplant was the downfall. It wasn't rotted, but it wasn't the best. Perhaps it's not eggplant season. The goat cheese ended up clumped on one end and I barely tasted any pesto. The best part of my meal was actually the side salad.

Perhaps it was just too late in the day to go to Fuel, but it didn't leave the best impression. I'd opt for a Honeygrow, Sweet Green or any other healthy option over a 20% discount.
I want to like Fuel. I've been a bunch of times because it's close to work and healthy. I love that they display the calorie count on all of their food items.

However the decor is cheesy, the curtains look like they came from a prop shop from a high school and the ambiance is comparable to an 80s discotheque.

The service is fair. There have been times when I've been attended to and other times where I've waited at the counter for five minutes because the cashier was just hanging out with the dudes at the grill.

There are healthier and more efficient places in the area to go to.
A friend and I ate here tonight and thought the food was amazing.  However, I can't bring myself to give this place 5 stars, because the service was awful. 

The food:

The hummus was perfect - hands-down the most flavorful hummus I've ever tasted.  The serving was very generous, but didn't come with nearly enough pita.  (Be warned: they charge extra for additional pita!)  The Strawberry Spinach Salad was equally good. 

The service: 

Our waitress barely made eye contact with us, and answered questions in brusque, one-word answers.  When I asked if I could substitute feta for gorgonzola on my salad, she said "yeah" - but didn't tell me that I would be charged 50 cents for making the substitution (I found out when we received the bill).  I'm not really sure why they charge extra, since many (similarly priced) salads on the menu come with feta - but in any case, it would have been nice to be told of this charge when I placed my order.

At the end of the meal, we asked for boxes for our leftovers.  The waitress said ok, cleared away the empty dishes and all of the silverware, and returned with the check.  After a few minutes, we realized that she had completely forgotten about the leftovers.  We flagged her down and asked a second time for boxes - and she returned a minute later, wordlessly dropped them on the table, and walked away.  At that point, we realized that she hadn't left us with any silverware with which to transfer the leftover hummus and salad into the boxes.  Not wanting to bother her again, I stole a fork from a nearby empty table.

In the future, I might consider getting takeout from Fuel, but I definitely won't be returning for table service.
I've been here several times and everyone that works there is so miserable. I like the food and the prices are VERY reasonable, but usually the people that work there have a bad attitude, are un-helpful, and in general make the experience not worth going back.
FUEL is a great option when I want to get takeout for lunch that's more on the "healthy" side. I love that you can make any "entree" a salad or a panini, and their juices are fantastic. I recently came for brunch as well and was not disappointed! The appetizers are delicious, I especially love the cheese dip and the shrimp/cucumber things (name is escaping me)! I've always been able to get a table, and the wait staff is friendly (although the staff who works the counters for takeout usually seem pretty miserable).
Got the Asian crunch salad and added chicken to it. The salad was great ! Will return to try other things on the menu. Also had their peppermint mocha coffee. They have flavored shots to add to any coffee you can get. My friends and I left very happy.
So I hadn't eaten in about 24 hours, just sort of happened.  I went for my noon time crossfit session and needed to grab lunch on the way back to the office.  I've been trying to be healthy so the options down Walnut street were not exactly what I was looking for.  Then I spotted Fuel across the street.  I figure if I  go there it will be easy to stay healthy.  

I went with the Thai Chicken Wrap.  I was unaware of the Gluten free bread option.  Will definitely get that next time.  The wrap was tasty, the veggies were fresh, and there was a good amount of chicken.  I also grabbed a kiwi smoothie (remember I skipped two meals?).  That was pretty good too, not overly sweet.  

I won't be going out of my way to get here, but definitely a good option for a post-work out lunch, although its a little expensive.
Now don't get me wrong, I thoroughly enjoy a healthy lunch option in Center City as much as the next person. I even get, dare I say, excited. So when my friend Kait suggested Fuel for lunch today, after a quick peek at the menu, I was all for it. First looks at the place; funky décor, calorie conscience meals, hipster staff.... All signs pointed to a pleasurable experience. Until I got back to work with my food. Firstly, if spending $17.50 on a Greek Salad and starter of Hummus was hard enough to swallow, to come to the realization that they are not being 100% truthful about their calories and that their portions are completely off sent me off the Yelp edge.

Issue #1: The salad. The calorie count on the salads is BEFORE the dressing (which everyone knows is the lions' share of calories in a salad anyway). Not to mention they give you a GIANT amount of dressing. This would be fine, IF they disclosed that on the menu OR told you how many calories is in their standard dressing portion. Which they don't. Which makes me angry. The only way I know it is before the dressing is that the 2 large cubes of Feta (75 cals an oz) on my Greek salad alone is darn close the 200 calories total that they give you. Add the heaping portion of vinaigrette they gave me, which definitely had olive oil in it (another 119 cals/tbsp). 200 cals? Sorry, try again.

Issue #2: The hummus. Now I LOVE hummus. I eat it, I make it, I put it on anything that I can possibly imagine to put it on. So when I saw the 375 calories total they had given it I knew that HAD to be including the pita that they served with it. I know from an obscene amount of personal hummus consumption that your run-of-the-mill, store-bought, not-even-trying-to-be-healthy hummus is, on average, 60-80 cals per 2 tbsp serving. Knowing this, I opted for the vegetable option instead of the pita to shave some cals off that hefty 375 number. I was totally jazzed because there is nothing I love more than a slice of cucumber with a dollop of hummus and it's surprisingly hard to find places that give a veggie option. Much to my surprise what I got was a BOWL of hummus, 3 cucumber slices, and 3 red pepper strips. Which means 2 things: 1) The 375 number is before the pita (which again they don't disclose or tell you how many calories is in their pita) and 2) someone doesn't understand what a healthy portion of hummus is (which is just a tad important).  

So if you are serious about counting calories I might skip this place or at least know that you have to add a good 100 calories to anything you eat here to be safe. For me, I think if you are going to pose as a health conscience establishment, have a conscience to start with.  Fool me once....
Fuel soups rock!  I went in around lunch time and the gentleman at the counter was so friendly and helpful.  I had my soup in a few short moments.  By the way, Rocco's butternut squash and apple soup is delicious!
I've been here a few times and the food has never disappointed. I love their wraps and paninis because they just taste so fresh and clean cut and that is key for me when it comes to food. I have a pretty sensitive stomach so I love that I know I will feel good after eating anything from here.

Today was no different. I had a nice and attentive waitress and this was a new experience because normally I get food to go, but I'm glad I decided to dine in. I wasn't really hungry so I just got a smoothie and requested if I could just have a small bowl of fruit. Even though it wasn't on the menu they were still able to accommodate and I LOVE that they did that. Kudos to your customer service!
The food is great, healthy, and creative.  I LOVE the Zen fruit drink.  The only downside is its pricey.  Otherwise, I'd eat here everyday! I like the music videos they have playing on the tvs too.
I'm known for my gluttony and my love of all things pork belly. However, even if something is healthy, as long as it's tasty - I can can appreciate it. Case in point - Fuel. Most, if not all, of their dishes are under 500 calories. The ingredients are fresh and more importantly, delicious. 

Sampler ($10.95)
Choose 3: Charred corn or tomato goat cheese guacamole, black bean tomato salsa, hummus, sweet pea

For the sampler, I chose the hummus, black bean tomato salsa, and charred corn guacamole. With these came fresh corn tortilla chips, huge and fresh cucumbers, and sweet red peppers.

Fuel's hummus was vibrant and creamy, seasoned well with salt and lots of lemon.

The black bean salsa had a punch of flavor with cilantro, black beans, red onions, and black beans. Perfect to balance out the creaminess of my other two choices for the sampler. 

This guacamole was perfectly creamy, with hints of roasted garlic and charred corn.

Roasted Portabella and Eggplant Panini ($8.95)
Roasted portabello and eggplant with roasted peppers, olive tapenade, provolone, and garlic spread

This panini had some surprising heft to it - thanks to the delicious eggplant and meaty portabella. The roasted peppers provided some sweetness to the sandwich, while the provolone and garlic spread added creaminess. The olive tapenade provided a punch of flavor to this sandwich. The mixed greens with balsamic vinegar and oil were pretty standard, but a nice addition to the sandwich as well.

High Protein Grilled Cheese ($6.95)
Mozzarella, provolone, fresh lemon cream Cheese, spinach and tomato

The mozzarella and provolone added the heft for the grilled cheese, while the lemon cream cheese made the grilled cheese luxuriously creamy while adding brightness to the sandwich. The tomatoes were a bright addition to the sandwich as well.

Chicken and Gorgonzola ($8.95)
Grilled chicken, gorgonzola, tomato and pesto

The chicken was grilled and perfectly moist. The tangy, funky gorgonzola added some nice heft to the wrap, while the tomatoes helped to brighten up the dish.

Overall, if you're looking to eat healthy - Fuel has a myriad of options available to you. And more importantly, especially for me, the flavors are spot on, the food is filling, and ultimately - tasty!
Eating lunch at the same restaurants or take out spots gets old after a while. I was glad to discover Fuel. The food is healthy, fresh and organic. The menu has something for everyone...meat eaters, vegans and vegetarians.

 I was in the mood for a wheat panini, which seems hard to find. Well, Fuel provides this option. I ordered the South Philly, which is a grilled chicken panini with provolone, spinach, roasted red peppers and garlic spread. It was one of the best paninis I have had. 

My goal is to try every single panini on the list before the year ends. One down, twelve to go.
I have been at FUEL a lot lately. I am pretty in love. 

See, my trainer has me on this diet. I'm only really allowed to eat brown rice or potatoes, proteins, and veggies. That leaves for some terribly boring meals at most restaurants. At Fuel, however, I can get pretty much any sandwich (minus cheeses which a lot of them don't have) as a salad. The tuna as a salad..... arugula, artichokes, tuna, and lemon vinaigrette is seriously my new favorite thing.

I've heard good things about the juices, but I haven't tried one. I will say though that the time I got coffee there, I was very badly disappointed. Maybe someone just didn't know how to make coffee. 

Service is always fast. They split salads and sandwiches you are sharing onto 2 plates which always scores points with me. They deliver and take out is always done quickly. 

Also, there are yelp deals and check in offers so you don't really ever have to pay full price if you don't want to.
Love this place. It's like Muscle maker grill, but with better food. I got the south philly wrap, and it was delicious. I'll def be back. It's a nice, reasonably priced healthy alte .
Fuel was cruel!! I'm sad and sorry to say that myself and 4 friends visited this little watery and were highly disappointed!!! 

Two out of the 5 were vegan so we wanted to give this a try since we never have been before. There were only 3 other people dining in when we arrived, and The wait staff were not friendly at all, actually quite sarcastic and annoyed at questions and concerns. The server was in a rush and even when told that one was allergic to onions there were still onions put in the plate and when asked to redo the entire order due to the allergy the server showed her annoyance. The food took longer then normal to get to the table and it was empty in there. 

The sweet potato fries were still hard on the inside yet a little burnt on the outside when we received them, which we ordered 3 orders. The tomato basil soup was highly disappointing and had a odd after taste. All the other options that were ordered were not finished as well and highly disappointing. 

Everyone ordered a coffee to sit in and the cups looked like a child's toy cup of 6oz and it was not filled to the top and the price was over $2. If that wasn't bad enough, everyone of the plastic coffee cups had a crack in them. Very unprofessional!! Such a turn off. 

Highly disappointed and "Fueled" my turn off every second we were there. Sadly I would never recommend this place to others.
Initially I was very excited to try Fuel because of all of the healthy options. Everything on the menu is under 400 calories. Great! We opted for delivery which we ordered through Grub Hub. This took almost an hour. My one roommate ordered the cucumber salad as her meal. This was most definitely NOT a meal nor a salad. It was probably something I would feed my pet rabbit, if I had one. It was four measly slivers of cucumber and four slices of not yet ripe tomato. This was very disappointing. We then called and Jamal was extremely rude and not accommodating. He said that if we were to order at the restaurant he would have given us more greens and thats just how the salad is. This should NOT be under salads on the menu, its more of a side. The "salad" was also 7 dollars. NOT worth 7 dollars.

I will say the paninis were good, but soagy. I don't reccommend getting delivery from here. Maybe dining in is a better experience, but we won't be giving this place another chance.
Great food, but hit or miss service. Which really sucks. Yeah, the music is loud and the decor is bare bones or maybe they're shooting a porn later,
Whatever. It's healthy! Call ahead and pick it up.
I must admit-- I was planning on heading to Fuel w/ my bf and a bottle of wine for a chill Saturday night and reading the review about the groupon/police disaster made me almost skip... customer service is paramount. However, I had been really interested in Fuel so I went anyway... 

 I like the concept of Fuel-- a bunch of items that are purportedly low calorie.  We ordered: lettuce wraps, guacamole, Italian sandwich and the high protein grilled cheese w/ grilled chicken.  I thought everything tasted great.  The chicken was really juicy and they have a lemon cream cheese which was FANTASTIC.  

 I'm am skeptical about the calorie count... it seemed really low compared to the portions (which we a really nice size).  If you are watching you calories, please take note that the cal count doesn't include the bread on sandwiches, chips with dip etc.  

I also thought Fuel was a little pricey.  For dinner + tax & tip we spent $47... that's a little much for a sandwich shop.  

All in all, I enjoyed Fuel and will be back.
This place was decent, but I think they need to decide if they are a restaurant or a cafe.  The waitstaff/servers (if you'd even call them that) seem to duo as counter, so it is hard to tell how to order/pay.  The food seemed really fresh and was prepared well.  They have a pretty extensive menu for such a small kitchen.  I liked the open feel of the kitchen, and the atmosphere is comfortable, albeit the loud music.  I'll definitely come here again, but as a server myself, I noticed quite the table etiquette faux pas.  There was a table of 3 in front of me, and the minute only one person was done eating, the "server", upon walking by, cleared his plate, while the other two people were still eating!  I just observed how uncomfortable this made the other two people feel.  In the restaurant industry, you never do this!!!  I lightly mentioned this to the "server", just as a friendly reminder, and she had no idea that there was a certain table etiquette involved with this!  Wow.  I understand that it is not fine dining there, but any server, in any style of establishment, should know this.
Fuel can't decide what it is.  It's having an identity crisis. Bold font, house music, ikea decor, and everything under 500 calories- local, organic and fresh. Are you an indie vegan dream or an awkward bro 12th street gym after party?  I don't really get it but I like it.

Fuel is my go to spot for a good sandwich or salad. It's always good and fresh.  I'm a big fan of anything smoked salmon and they'll add that to anything.

Three stars because eating at fuel never fails in having the absolute worst service of all time. I.e. sit there for 10 minutes without menus, get them yourself, wait another 15 minutes, angsty waitress takes your order that won't come for 45 minutes (wait, it's just a sandwich...), no chance of ever getting more water, then waiting about a century for a bill.

Go for takeout/delivery. Avoid the bs.
Damn damn damn damn damn.  I've tried Fuel a few times now for both take-out/dine-in and I really wish I liked it here, but I'm just not a huge fan.  The place is always packed, so it's not a good spot for a lunch break; even people who are there to pick up their call-ahead orders still have to wait a long time.  The other day, we sat there for a solid 20 minutes before we even saw our waitress or got menus at our table.  Then our food took another 30 minutes to come out.  Getting the check also took forever and a day.  I've liked the food I've gotten here, but the drinks are a complete waste of money.  I got the $4 "Give Me a Tan" OJ, ginger, and carrot juice.  It clearly had some kind of concentrate in it and it was tiny.  I know patience is a virtue, but Fuel was utter chaos and drove me nuts with the wait time.  Don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
I love how this spot has kiosks that help you order. Overall, the food is very filling, I've had their sandwiches (paninis) and smoothies. My co-worker will get their salads and she has said that they are solid. It's not bad, and it's not something that feels memorable, but the food gets the job done.
Delicious,  healthy food with fast delivery.  I have not had a bad things yet. Sweet potato fries with their spicy ketchup are light and tasty. Their buffalo shrimp are good though portion is small for the price (why I took away a star). Def one of my new go to spots.
I have been wanting to go to Fuel so many times. I walked by everyday. I think I havent been here until now because of the interior and the way the place looks. Lesson learnt, Never judge the book by its cover.  I finally went in yesterday.  Wow I should have come here long time ago. I could eat here everyday! Fuel Stacker Panini and pineapple power lunch smoothie.  SO GOOD!!!   You can even request the song you want to listen to here. You just need to download an app. 

The service was awesome as soon as I walked in. They make sure you have everything you need. I dont even have to ask for extra napkins. Some restaurant are very stingy, you will be surprised. 

 I have nothing bad to say about this place at all. I feel good, healthy and full when I walked out the place. 

Yes I am going back for sure probably today. I will try their brunch very soon.
This is one of my boyfriend and I's go-to spots when we are feeling too lazy to cook but still want a healthy, filling  and inexpensive meal. 

Anything on the menu can be vegan-ized, which is a huge plus. It's also BYOB.
I love this place! It's one of the few places in center city that deliver healthy organic food and juices! Every entree is under 500 calories. My favorite sandwich is the south philly panini and I always order the Hulk Juice. Only downfall is the delivery wait time. Last time I ordered I waited for an hour and 15 minutes after being getting ETA of delivery under 45 mins. 
It wont stop me from ordering from here, but I'll be placing my order a lot earlier.
This is a tough review for me to write as I'd much rather go to a KFC buffet (remember those?) than go to a restaurant touting everything on the menu under 500 calories. 

That being said, with wedding season rapidly approaching boo and I are both trying to slim down a bit so during a recent Walnut St. shopping excursion I agreed to try out Fuel. It has the feel of a cafe inside a gym with the decor, music, and patrons dressed in gym clothing. I sort of feel like it would be better to have a walk up counter like a Cosi rather than servers but we still received our food quickly. 

I got the South Philly wrap which came with grilled chicken, mozzarella, and spinach (it really should have been broccoli rabe, I marone...). It came with a light salad that was decent and the wrap was filling it just didn't have much taste. Boo got the stacker which is an eggplant veggie wrap with pesto. It was actually too much for her to finish so I ate it. Much more flavor.

It was a decent meal that was definitely healthier than a lot of other options I just don't know how many times I'd go back.
Went to Fuel in Center City with my friend Nicole on Thursday, March 9th. A great weather day. Sunny with a breeze so we were able to take a table outside on Walnut Street. A lovely young lady, who i took to be the busperson, invitingly set a table and got menus and water for us. I admit that I didn't catch her name but she was so pleasant and accommodating that we instantly felt welcomed! I had already checked out the website so by the time our server, Fran, came to the table, we were ready to order appetizers. Nicole and I ordered the Buffalo shrimp which came with tasty gorgonzola and cilantro and a sauce that was not as hot as I would like, but I like spicy. Others might like it for being more mild. We also asked for a large order of sweet potato fries which were cooked perfectly, not soggy and heavy but rather kind of fluffy and airy for a potato dish. Very good! Served with basic ketchup. I would have liked to see another option as far as a sauce but that's a minor note. As far as drinks we were good with the water but I also ordered the protein buster smoothie- skim milk, peanut butter, banana, honey and 25 grams of whey protein! I was concerned at first that it would leave me feeling slowed down and sluggish but the smooth beverage actually picked me up for the rest of the afternoon!
As far as entrees my friend and I both ordered paninis. She got the grilled chicken with big pieces of artichoke (she had to take them out), provolone, mixed greens and sundried tomato spread. I requested the eggplant and goat cheese with pesto, roasted peppers, and arugula. It was a tough choice between that and the sweet potato and avocado panini which I will get next time I am here. The sandwiches came with a nice sized side salad with a light vinaigrette dressing which was very fresh! The only down note was that the sandwich began to fall apart midway through eating it in that the bread started to break down. A nice problem to have because the sandwich was well stuffed with great ingredients. The portions were just enough to be filling without feeling bloated and slowed down.
We skipped on dessert (maybe another time) and headed off to enjoy the sunny afternoon downtown. I can definitely recommend Fuel because of the variety and freshness of the menu, the service and the price range. Lunch here will not break you by any means!
I have been here three times so take this as you please.

Experience 1:  Waitress did not know what smoked salmon was even thought it is a staple on the menu  I paid 5 dollars for a smoothie that was very small.

Experience 2:  I shared the wonton app with a friend.  It was ok but nothing special.  Also, WAY overpriced.

Experience 3:  Waiter spills water on my boyfriend and  does not respond to our calling attention to it.  Good salad, shitty service.  Hummus app tasted like it was bathed in lemons- in a bad way.  

I won't be returning after the shit service we had.
It's easy to make delicious food with fresh and organic ingredients. The fact that each dish I have tried of theirs has been disappointing, doesn't make much sense to me. The descriptions sound good, but I find most everything dry and lacking basic depth of flavor that is so easy to achieve with a few fresh ingredients and some spices. I'll say that I will probably go here again, but only because it's close to my apartment and a good place for something quick and healthy. The decor does not fit the product and the staff is iffy. Yeah, I MIGHT be back, but only because of the lack of quick and healthy choices, which is unfortunate for FUEL.
This place tastes... healthy. In an average kind of way. Healthy food can be tasty (e.g. sweetgreen), but they don't seem to have mastered that here. The chicken was dry, flavorless, and they just packed too many solid slabs of it into one wrap. It was like eating a brick of solid dry chicken wrapped in a mediocre tortilla. Very underwhelming. 

The atmosphere is also weird, like a super-trendy-healthy takeout place, but there's sit-down table service and fancy flatware? If you're gonna have a takeout counter, make it more fast-foody. Takeout + table service is a weird combo. The service was nice enough, but pretty slow and inattentive (they didn't refill our water). 

It's kind of expensive too, at $12 for a mediocre wrap after tax and tip. At least the portion sizes are decent, for what that's worth. 

I also walked out of here smelling like fried food, for reasons I can't even begin to fathom. 

If you like your food bland, boring, and healthy, definitely come here. If you're looking for something smothered in bacon, cheese and everything else delicious, look elsewhere.
I've had two experiences with this place.

One, I walked over to get a banana whip, which was.... not great. If you're looking for banana 'icecream,' it's definitely worth the few extra blocks down to Yellow Juice Bar. Fuel's whip was somehow dry, and they put a lot of whipped cream on top of it without asking, which was odd. (Although they gladly made me another one when I requested one without the dairy!)

Two, we recently ordered catering for a work lunch. It was AWESOME. You get a decent amount of food for the money. The sandwiches were interesting combinations, and the salads had more than enough toppings on them besides lettuce, an issue we regularly have with other salad joints. Plus their catering manager was friendly, professional, and delivered it himself. Definitely recommend their catering.
Great alternative to Panera and Cosi.  I've been here 3 times and everything that I had was very good... I love a good Panini, especially when it's under 500 calories.  The South Philly panini is my favorite!

The only thing that I've had here that was disappointing was the peppermint mocha.  I do like how they use sugar free syrups but it tasted like it came out of one of those gas station mocha machines... 

Don't be thrown off by the poor decor (lime green walls) and bumping club music.  This is a great little place if you're looking for a healthier option.  I'm excited to try some of their desserts.  

This place just opened but is in need of a serious makeover.
I'm a healthy eater, a calorie counter, and a runner/yogi. So I am a fan of Fuel and it's wonderful concept.

The food is usually delicious, but I do have a few things to forewarn customers about.

1. Order the dressing on the side for the side salads they give you. They drench them.

2. Don't order off of grubhub. They will not make the food. (Although, when you call and complain, they are great about making ammends.)

3. The calorie count includes the content of the sandwich but not the bread or the actual wrap itself.

4. The service is eh. The server would wander away a lot during my experience. She wasn't terrible, or rude, but she also didn't give a crap, apparently. It happens.

5. The atmosphere is great, except the weird techno remixes of top 40 songs and their music videos playing on the big screens.
Top 40 is bad enough... Stop that.
Rude customer service.
Burger had avocado whole without it being spread and too cold and hard to be eaten. 
The following bud was found in the avocado.
The smoothie was okay. 
Would not recommend this place.
Slightly more expensive, but as is most healthy food.  Soup is amazing, but runs $4.50 each.  The sandwiches and wraps are also delicious and at ~$9 they're a bit more reasonable, served with a mixed green salad as well.  The music selection is pretty unique, mostly remixes of top 40.  Service is fair, you're probably better off going with take out if you're in a time crunch.
Got the Groupon and had to go, as we were enjoying a bit of vacating.  

Started with the Guacamole, shouldn't have.  It should have been called,  mashed avocado, with no seasoning.  Plus the chips, were the $1.00 bag you can pick up at the grocery store.  A bit of salt, and fresh chips (FYI, Fuel Team you could bake 'em on site) would have gone a long way.
I ordered the Turkey Burger, with side salad, and it was phenomenal.  The burger was cooked perfectly, and came adorned with red pepper relish, feta, some sort of yogurt sauce, on a brioche type bun.  Yum, yum,  yum...took a pic, but it's a bit blurry.   HIGHLY recommend, looks like it's a monthly special, so go soon. 

Lil' Darlin' ordered the Roasted Turkey sandwich.  She enjoyed it as well, a bit of Thanksgiving flavor in March. 

Overall, it's good food and quite tasty.  Moderate price on the high end.  

Couple of things:  We couldn't figure out what type of restaurant they want to be.  It appears to be an upper end, healthy sandwich shoppe, though the quasi host who seats you with the Menu's and seems to help bus tables, didn't make a whole lot of sense.  

You get a feel you should go to the counter to order, but then a wait person comes to you.  It just felt weird.  

Great concept, and as time goes on, I'm sure they'll work out the kinks.  

FYI, it'd be great to have a simple, easy to understand menu for the kids.  $4.99 combo would be a good idea.
I wasn't impressed on my recent visit to Fuel. While the staff was friendly, service was rather slow. My husband said the sweet potato fries were good, but whatever they mix into the turkey burger just didn't work. 

My salad was okay, but way too expensive for something I could make on my own or get elsewhere for much cheaper. I'd definitely go back to try a smoothie, since it's seems that's what they're known for. But the food...I'm not rushing back anytime soon.
The world needs more food establishments like this. Healthy and surprisingly filling selection of guilt free deliciousness.
My husband and I ordered Thai chicken panini and spinach strawberry salad! It was all very good! Salad was very big and we had plenty of food to share! We felt full and fueled :-) 

The decor is a bit strange. The place has a weird floor plan, and it looks like the owner did not have a clear idea on how to decorate the place. They need to buy more fans for summer. We wanted to sit by the window, but it was extremely hot. I do not understand why they have TVs there if there is nothing interesting playing. I do not care about TV as much, but if they have it, they should have some interesting channels or maybe some info on the restaurant and healthy eating.
Been sitting on publishing this since last summer... but here we go.

Decided to check this place out finally, even though I've had little interest in it's low-calorie mantra since hearing about the Passyunk Ave store opening. Don't get me wrong, I like the idea of menu choices that source fresh ingredients, but don't claim on your chalkboard to use local ingredients when the tomato in my sandwich was so mealy and pale pink it's impossible it's from nearby soil. Local tomatoes in the summertime are a dime a dozen, and have a deliciously full flavor. 

The fact that James Van Der Beek recently dined there should have been enough of a red flag to get a sandwich somewhere else...

Oh, and the under 500 calories bit doesn't include the bread the sandwiches come on. Give me a break.
Came here for lunch with my mom yesterday since she had a Groupon that was expiring the end of April. I've passed this place a hundred plus times but never went in, so this was a great chance to try something new. The hosts in the front were very nice and gave us a table by the window (sunny and gorgeous out, so, well done hosts). I'm not going to lie, as I first looked over the menu, I was a bit confused - everything can be made into a salad/wrap/sandwich/flatbread?! The answer is, basically, yes, which is fantastic for a wide range of people. 

We were given a while to look over the menu before our waitress appeared with waters (which was probably good since I was still figuring things out food wise), and then my mom and I were able to place our order. We decided to share the Spanish skewered shrimp, my mom got the grilled veggie (salad), and I got the Thai chicken (also as a salad). The salads were absolutely fantastic - fresh, light, and full of flavor. The shrimp was a major disappointment - far too salty, a bit on the undercooked side, and an overwhelming amount of what tasted like old bay seasoning. Aside from that, our server was super friendly, and the salads were great! Definitely worth another return trip, but make sure you order enough food, since everything is 500 calories or less!
Super healthy, freshly prepared food which will leave you very satisfied.

I have yet to eat anything at Fuel that I didn't absolutely love.  All of their wraps come with a side of salad with a delicious balsamic vinaigrette.  Their South Philly wrap is a must for garlic lovers.  Their hummus is some of the best I've ever had, and it is a huge portion, perfect for sharing.

The decor itself is minimalistic and bright with TVs often playing weird music videos, but overall it is unoffensive.  If you don't like the decor, you can always order delivery - it's just as good.

Fuel also almost always has some sort of deal.
Love, Love, Love!!!!!   Ordered a grill chicken gluten free panini and fell in love!!! What's even better? Everything is under 500 cal!! This is the perfect place for a bread/wrap loving people with Celiac's! GLUTEN FREE paninis/wraps?!?!?! !! Didnt know any place that served that! EVERYTHING is so FRESH!!! I will def be eating here for the rest of my week in Philly! :)
Found this place through Groupon since we were in Philly for the holiday weekend and as a vegan my options are limited to asian/indian food.  Nice and trendy lay out with The Cure playing in the background and free WiFi.  Wish they'd open one up in DC/Northern Virginia.  I like the fact that anything on the menu can be modified to your needs, whether vegan, weight conscious, bread or no bread, etc.  It was a bit confusing but I settled on the roasted veggie on a wheat wrap, and chose to replace the ricotta with tofu.  It came with fresh spring greens tossed with balsamic vinaigrette, but still I found it to be a bit bland. I asked if they had any mustard or extra vinegar and they said they don't carry any side sauces like mustard or ketchup in order to keep calorie counts down.  I thought mustard was like 5 calories per serving?  I understand the whole ketchup thing since it's full of sugar, but I didn't ask for ketchup. Regardless, the waitress was generous and offered me a side of berry vinaigrette, which gave it more of a flavor. I suppose I'm used to spicy Indian and Thai food so regular American food just doesn't do it for me anymore.  My husband's food was "meh" in his own words; the Thai Chicken.  Like me, he said his food didn't have much of a flavor.  Guess I'll go back to my Asian hang outs for now....
2 Stars 

My friend and I came here after walking around the city looking for somewhere to eat a quick, healthy lunch.  This place was marketed as having all the menu items under 500 calories but with good flavor.  I was interested to see if that was possible considering that most seasonings are not that healthy.

Decor:
The restaurant had a very strange layout with a juice bar right at the entrance and then a long hallway on the left side where most people were seated.  There were way too many AC vents right above the tables, so it was very cold and the napkins kept blowing away.  Overall, the restaurant was pretty clean, but the format was super strange and somewhat off-putting.

Food:
I ordered a Mexican bowl with avocados, the chicken costed $2 more which is ridiculous.  My friend got the grilled cheese, which seemed to be pretty popular.  My bowl was super bland, and when I asked for hot sauce, they didn't have any.  Even though they were trying to be healthy, it didn't taste very good and was pretty dry.  Not very impressed with my food.  The grilled cheese was more flavorful and juicy but it would have been better with some bacon of more types of cheese.  There was a side salad but it didn't have any dressing and was pointless.  While trying to be healthy and under 500 calories, the food definitely reflected that because it lacked flavor and taste.

Service:
Along with the boring food and freezing environment, the service was terrible.  After we ordered the food in a timely manner, the server never came back to ask us if we needed anything.  I had to wait almost 15 minutes to ask for hot sauce, which they didn't even have.  When we were done eating, we had to walk around the restaurant to find the server.  She seemed very uninterested in her job and annoyed that she had to do something.

Overall, very unimpressed by everything.  The healthy motto doesn't mean that flavor should be sacrificed.  The restaurant was super cold and the workers were not sharp.  Don't come here.
False advertising! A bunch of us went there for lunch, and after being surprised that the food was under 500 calories, the waitress informed us that only the ingredients used in our sandwiches were under 500 calories. The entire lunch was probably well over! For a place that is directly advertising this low cal menu, it was very disappointing. It also took us about 90 min to dine because the service was so slow!
Wholesome meals without having to break the bank. The hummus and lettuce wraps are heavenly. They're constantly working on new dishes which is always exciting, hello less than 300 calorie cannoli!  The menu is vegan and gluten-free friendly which is a plus in my book. They are also okay with bringing your own booze. FUEL is relatively new and still working out the kinks but you got to have faith in new restaurants with strong concepts. We'll definitely be back ;)
The food is ok, but closer to bad than good, and the calorie count is the same for wraps and sandwiches which means something appears off, unless they fixed that. The owner is rude, unprofessional, and treated my friend and I like hoodlums trying to rob him because his waiter input our unused groupon number incorrectly. I'll never be back her again.
Fuel is a good place for healthy fast food. For lunch my boyfriend and I ordered an assortment of things (probably too much for 2 people, but we were indecisive). We got the shrimp and avocado salad (way too much spinach and not much else. Won't be ordering this again). The guacamole with goat cheese and chips (very yummy and a good snack), the  roasted turkey (my bfs pick, not bad, but I would like to try the grilled chicken next time), and the chicken lettuce wraps (my favorite of all the things we ordered. Spicy and fresh tasting). I also appreciated that the calories for fuel were listed on myfitnesspal, which was really helpful too! It's right around the corner from me and always seems to offer groupons and other deals, so I'll be back to try more.
i always get the same thing..the turkey burger!! it's so good :) Add the sweet potato fries and it's delicious. The staff seemed a but overwhelmed, but they'll willing to help. Once you try this place, you'll be addicted!
I have eaten here several times, and everytime I have got great tasting fresh food! The paninis are excellent and they can veganise anything on their menu, without compromising the taste. Service is very prompt as well. Very consistent and great tasting food!
Fuel has a great concept. 

I've gotten take out here a few times and I've been satisfied both times.  Its a great option on more of the healthy side.  

People should really read the menu before they go ordering crazy thinking everything is crazy good for you.  Keep in mind wraps and such are not added to the caloric count on the menu (gotta read the fine print!)

The music and the videos on the television are kinda strange but I'm here for the food so I don't pay much mind to that. 

Overall I really like it here for a quick, reasonable healthy option.  I'm excited for the Arch street location to finally open.  Does anyone know when that is going to be?

Plus - Fuel is right by 12th street gym so good meal option afterwards.

Minus - Fuel is not open at their other center city location (on Arch) (near my work/apt)
The menu here is a simple approach to vegetarian cafe food. Plenty of smoothies, juices, salads and sandwiches for you to peruse and ponder. The place is spacious inside with high ceilings and offers some outdoor seating. The staff has some knowledge of the menu, but concerns like vegan and gluten-free may receive short shrift.  If all you care about is vegetarian food, you'll be fine.

It's nice to have a great big menu, but it would be nicer if the staff were more knowledgeable. It's nice that there are a lot of smoothies and juices with unique blends, and it's great to have size choice! It's great to have fresh ingredients and healthful options.

It's a decent and reasonably healthful place to dine, but I can see why some people find the pricing too high or the service less than stellar. I would go back if hungry for a quick bite, but I would not go back expecting Michelin star dining or service by any measure. Think cafe-style all around, and you'll be fine.
I'm giving FUEL a solid 4 stars because they've recognized a severely under served market here in Philadelphia. My favorites in this category back home in San Francisco were Boxed Foods and Mixt Greens. Check out their websites and you'll see what I mean.  Relatively affordable, tasty, HEALTHFUL food options. Honestly, can people please recommend where I can get salads with fresh, varied ingredients? Don't say Cosi... And I don't want to pay $20 for take-out at a stephen starr restaurant. From Fuel, I had the shrimp, avocado spinach salad which was delicious and filling. All options are supposed to be around/under 500 (depends if they counted the wrap and if you got one) - but who's counting anyway! The ambience of the place is a little dim and could be better - it doesn't scream fresh...just neon orange? Next time, I'm dying to try the whipped banana with nutella and strawberries. Apparently it's just a frozen banana, whipped...so it's like ice cream?! But without the guilt, in case you had any.
We've been to Fuel several times and found it to be pretty decent. Our last visit this past weekend left us less than impressed, though. While we had a hilarious server and decent lemony hummus, whoever was doing the cooking was burning off more than just extra calories. My chicken and artichoke panini featured chicken that was drier than the bread it was served on and the two other sandwiches we tried were pretty meh. The smoothies were good as always, though. While the concept of healthy, low calorie fare is a good one, I doubt that the folks at Fuel want us to save even more calories by having us eat just half of our food.
Fruit Fuzzion smoothie was great! So was the Zen, though it's not as sweet. I've had their brunch before and was not disappointed, love how all the calories are posted. Great for something quick and healthy.
I have mixed feeling on how to fairly rate an establishment that attempts the tall task of creating healthy, instagrammable meals under 500 calories. Essentially any entree, or app for that matter at most restaurants in the city will clock in well over 500 calories - despite descriptions that may suggest the contrary.

Fuel respectably earns 3 solid stars.

Starting with chicken lettuce wraps, which, are a prime example of an oft considered "healthy" option at other establishments that are actually teeming with hidden calories. Fuel's take on chicken wraps actually taste healthy; good or bad depending on how you feel. They were fresh and light, but a bit dry and lifeless. I did, however, feel great about myself that I was eating these on a Friday night with a glass of water instead of something melty with a beer.

As for the turkey burger on pita. A very respectable turkey burger, with burnt edges (not in a bad way), and some sort of pseudo-Greek seasoning. To keep the burger just over 200 calories, it was a touch dry - however, similar to one I'd make at home. The baked sweet potato fries satisfied the desire to have a sweet-salty, starchy accompaniment; however, these were no "fries." 

For me, fuel is a definite stop during the week, for lunch, to go etc., but decidedly not the place to take friends to on a weekend night.

The rest of my vegetarian friends seemed to enjoy their various rice bowls and tofu wraps. However, no one brought out their phones to share their meals with others - which is probably all I needed to say in this review.
I was walking around Walnut Street, and I stumbled upon Fuel. I wasn't even that hungry - but I really loved the advertisement out front saying that "everything was under 500 calories." Being a health nut, I was drawn in and started looking at the menu. The menu was way more extensive than I thought it would be. I literally could've eaten anything on there. I was especially amazed by the breakfast menu. Any of my Yelp followers will tell you that breakfast is my favorite meal. One could say that I'm breakfast-obsessed. There were a few girls working there and it was pretty slow when I walked in. It was right after lunch time, so it was definitely downtime. I ordered a TBM pesto on a wheat wrap grilled and also a side order of sweet potato fries. The girl at the counter said that the TBM was the most popular. You can choose from any base - bread, wrap, or have it in a bowl- and then you choose your protein. You can basically customize anything they have there. The girl at the register said that the sweet potato fries are ordered all the time, so I decided I needed to try that out. The total came to $17 with tax and tip. I waited only 10 minutes to get my food. There are restrooms available for customers, and the place itself was very clean. I'm not sure if this place is new, but it seemed that way. I am interested to go back this weekend when they serve brunch until 4 PM. The breakfast items look delicious and so did the smoothies and juices. If I have time tomorrow I will definitely stop by! When I got back to my hotel and ate the food, I was disappointed because the wrap that I ordered was pretty gross. I know it's healthy and all, but come on. The chicken was very dry and hard. Nearly impossible to eat, however the sweet potato fries were absolutely delicious. They weren't fried, they were perfectly cooked and also had a hot sauce - ketchup hybrid that made the fries even more delicious with seasoning on top! I liked the environment and the friendliness of this place, however wish the food was better. I'm going to try to give it another shot for the breakfast items.

As I mentioned, I did return back to try their brunch. I showed up around 2:30 PM on a Saturday afternoon. I had missed breakfast so I was in the mood for some eggs and meat. I decided to get their Fuel BLT breakfast sandwich. Michelle was my server who is also the previously mentioned girl at the counter. She was really great at explaining everything to me. I decided not to get a drink, but just the sandwich. I was amazed at how little time it took to come out. Definitely under 10 minutes. It came with a side salad. It was very big, I kind of had to eat it with a fork and use the bread as toast. It was good, but again - it was sort of dry and lacked flavor. I was just disappointed because although I still love the idea of this place, the only thing I truly enjoyed from there was this sweet potato fries from the first experience. Overall, you could probably pass on this restaurant, although the service is great, the menu is great, and the prices are reasonable - it really isn't delicious. The price was about $10 with tax.
I like coming here after the gym to get some low cal but healthy food despite the overpriced food. But this might just be the last time. They offer a special on paninis before noon where you get one for $6 instead of $8 or $9. However, some of the waiters seem to have difficulty charging the correct price. You also get 10% off your bill if you show a receipt from a day within the past week. They also seem to have an issue with honoring this discount.
Everything I've ever ordered from here has been excellent! I work at a salon, and everytime someone gets word that I'm ordering from here they jump to be included! 
It's nice to have a very healthy and fresh alternative to ordering out. They deliver so quickly as well. My favorites include the chicken and gorganzola wrap, the tuna wrap (prepared w lemon and oil, no mayo) and the sweet pea mash.... And on a sat if I don't have time to 'eat' I order one of their healthy smooties, mixed berry being my favorite!
This place was a huge disappointment.  I suppose the food is nutritious, but I can't get past the horrible service.  Waitress was not just inattentive, she was absent.  I even had to get up and go to the counter to ask for a refill while she sat there and had a snack and talked to the cook.  I never did get a check so I left some money on the table and walked out.  Don't be fooled by the seemingly great deals (groupon and others) to visit this place.  

Food is mediocre, at best.  The tomato and cucumber salad was if I had put my head in the garden and was eating the stuff dry.  How hard is it to put some local or natural dressing on that?  The portion was big; I'll give Fuel that much.  Next, I had the turkey sandwich (because they did not seem to have the fixings for the much ballyhooed Thanksgiving sandwich).  The sandwich was large, but again, mostly flavorless.  I suppose if you want to feel  good about yourself by eating what probably is good for you, this is an ok place.  I walked directly to another place to get more food though because I felt like I ate a lot of nothing.  I will not return to Fuel as the whole place is running on empty!
3.5 star review. I've only ever gotten delivery from Fuel, but it's my go-to when I want something healthy or not as bad as the normal delivery I'd get when I'm working late.

I was impressed how few calories their sandwiches seem to have, but be warned, the calories listed on the menu for sandwiches DON'T include the calories of the bread or wrap. Everything is still pretty low-cal, but just remember the bread isn't included when you think that savory grilled cheese is only 400 calories. Speaking of which, I'm a grilled cheese addict, and Fuel's is one of my favorites. It comes with spinach and a lemon cream cheese spread, which adds the perfect sweetness and sourness to the sandwich. I love this grilled cheese. It can get a little soggy, though, after the time it takes to get delivered. But that's to be expected.

The deconstructed guacamole salad (arugula, avocado, torilla chips, onions, tomatoes, with a jalepeno citrus dressing) is so light and refreshing. I want to use this dressing on every salad I eat. The salad was like 98% arugula, though. I wish there was more of everything else.

Fuel has an awesome juice/smoothie selection.  The desserts look amazing, and I really need to try them next time!
Updating my review. They've done some super nice updates in the last year and the food is good, which I love, but wow is the one blonde, tall woman who works the register RUDE. I'm talking rolling her eyes in your face, and talking to you like you're an idiot for absolutely no reason. I thought maybe she was just having a bad day but now I've talked to two other people in the area who had the same issue with the same woman. Hire friendlier people. No excuse to be rude to customers.
Taking down the review I had written bc this place does so much right, they don't deserve a review about my one negative experience.
Went today for lunch on a recommendation.  Walked over from Loews and it was nice.  Everything under 500 calories.  I had the hummus (voted best in Philly as a note) and then the eggplant and goat cheese panini.  Both wonderful.  HUGE portions and I couldn't finish them both.  The iced tea was different, had a nice flavor.  The price was very inexpensive.  I'd go back again.  The only issue I had was not having a refill on my iced tea and finally having to flag someone down for it.  The place was not very busy (later in the afternoon on a sunday).  Outside tables as well as inside, take out as well as eat in.  Wish we had this in San Diego where I am living now.
I love Fuel.
The menu items are imaginative, tasty, and priced well. I think they have better guacamole than the famous Mexican places on 13th st! And I can eat to my heart's content (literally) knowing that I will feel fresh and invigorated for the rest of the day, and not laden with saturated animal fat-induced fugue. 
The service has always been good when I have been there, but I would agree with other reviewers that the frantic background music and videos can  detract from an otherwise very pleasant dining experience. 
That being said, it is still my favorite place to go for a light meal in Center City.
Diggin' the vegan options in Center CIty lately. Fuel does not let you down. Dip your feet with their sampler and definitely try their pea hummus and regular hummus. yummy. I also enjoyed the eggplant and roasted portabello panini. You reall can't go wrong here. Enjoy without feeling guilty afterwards.
We got a Groupon and went for brunch. The Groupon was a very good deal! The food was mediocre. I would probably go back for a smoothie or juice but not for food. I got the avacado toast which was actually just toast with guacamole on it. It was alright, lots of flavors with the eggs and sirracha and sun dried tomatoes. The coffee as well was very watered down. 

The environment and service was great but not so much the food.
So, based on a recommendation from a co-worker, I ordered for the first time, several items for delivery via Grubhub. Unfortunately, that was my mistake.

-1 star. Wait time.

The delivery wait time was exceeded by about forty-five minutes and the follow-up call to the restaurant was met with a half-hearted apology.

-1 star. Missing items from our delivery order. 

Unbagged everything and saw that several items were missing from the delivery order. Missing several side orders and an entree order.

-1 star. Customer service.

When calling Fuel about the order, I spoke with the Manager on duty or Amanda (Sorry, if misspelled) who was both rude and indignant! The MoD argued that the order was fulfilled in full, which is fine since she's performing her job as an expediter and manager, but she went beyond acceptable customer service by insinuating that I was lying about the missing order. In addition, MoD was also arguing that I might have received extra items or food and I was not reporting it.

In the end, I had to argue to get the remaining items fulfilled, but, ultimately, didn't appreciate the fact that the Manger was both, rude and argumentative.


tl;dr: Received a bland meal, waited a super long time, and got very rude customer service from staff.

First and LAST time ordering from this establishment. Would not recommend to friends & family.
Fuel has a fabulous concept- a healthy, tasty meal option that is under 500 calories. You don't have to do any of the tabulating if you're watching what you eat. Just look at the menu and order accordingly. I have been here at least 10 times (best after working out at the gym!), and overall the food is tasty and the service is better than average for Philly.

My best experiences have been with the appetizers. The sweet pea wonton (140 calories!) is amazing (it's sort of like guacamole) and the hummus and grilled avocado w/ cucumber salsa are also pretty good. Can't beat the lemonade with thyme on a hot day. The chicken sandwiches and wraps are usually a great choice, though sometimes the bread gets really soggy from the balsamic reduction. The salads are large portions, so they can be filling and flavorful as well. My only disappointment was the grilled veggie sandwich, which was somewhat bland (tasted like boiled, unseasoned veggies) when I had it. 

The ambiance is casual and it can be lively in there at lunch time. From late June to early September I think the same 20 videos were playing over and over, so I was relieved when I got take-out recently and the music line-up was finally updated. I love the low-cal option and the generally upbeat staff so much, that I purchased the $15 certificate for $20 worth of food on this site. I suggest if you like to eat healthy (or you're trying to like me) that you do the same!
I haven't tried anything at Fuel yet that I haven't loved. For under about 500 calories you can get a great meal which isn't outrageously priced compared to some other restaurants in the area. All the ingredients are fresh and a filling size- considering it is as healthy as the menu states.

Usually, I order  the Strawberry Spinach Salad (with Chicken) which is huge- I can't even finish most of the time. Also, the sandwiches are delicious- I recommend the Smoked Salmon Sandwich or The Roasted Turkey (I am a sucker for anything including Goat Cheese). 

Sometimes, the service is a little bit on the slower side, so if you are crunched for time you may want to let them know.

Sidenote: the calories listed for the Panini's do not include the bread, so if you are counting calories- take that into consideration.
Summary:
Food: fresh, with potential, but lacking distinction
Service: friendly but P_ poor
Atmosphere: sorely lacking personality, akin to Crunch gym cafeteria (gym simile attributable to Neil D.)
Value: meh. I was particularly disenchanted by the juice bar rip-off.

Let me preface by saying that I love Philly, but one thing it dearly lacks are healthy lunch places with decent salads under $10. So naturally, when I found out about this place through Groupon, I was super excited to go check it out. And, yes, I had my Groupon in hand.

I walked in before the lunch rush, totally psyched because I just won the parking ticket hearing I had at the Philly Parking Authority 4 blocks away-- so I'm in a good mood, ready for some healthy fueling food, and definitely not primed for the very annoying experience that followed.

I was greeted by a very nice server who sat me down once I announced I came to eat in. I also announced I had the Groupon, so there are no surprises. There were plenty of other tables with a single person in them, so I wasn't feeling uncomfortable for my table of one. All this, despite the incredibly uncomfortable plastic chairs and the dance music blaring from the TV sets with a FUEL Logo permanently imprinted on the screens showing the music videos in the background.  Wow, I thought, if they'd only invested in some better chairs and floor boards (that rocked every time someone walked up to 15 ft away) rather than the VJ to digitally add their insignia to the videos they're showing... Neil who mentioned the gym-like atmosphere in his review was right on. Perched above the gym with the juice bar at the end, is a room which looked like it was set up for a party. I gather they have space for private parties. I tried to imagine the Weight Watcher parties that may go on there (I'm not being mean, menu specifies the calories AND WW points for each item) 

The squash soup I ordered from the specials showed up relatively soon, so I stopped my musings and lunged in. Mind you, it was a cold cold day, and I was looking forward to my... very cold cold soup!? But by the time I'd realized it was cold I'd already tasted it, and was in a good mood, and didn't want to make a fuss, so I decided to gloss it over. I was about 2 spoons from finishing the bowl (which was about medium size) before the server reappeared:
"How is your soup"
"Pretty good" I said (because it WAS, a bit on the too sweet side, but generally pretty good, despite the temperature)
"It wasn't cold?"
"Yes, it was! You knew about that?"
Here began my ire- if she knew it was cold- why did she serve it? And if it was a mistake- which I'm willing to accept- perhaps insist on bringing a warm one out?

Next I ordered the tuna and arugula salad, dressing ON THE SIDE. I must note that first thing I asked was whether the tuna was canned or fresh. Server said it was fresh. When my salad came out, FULLY DRESSED topped by a heap of so clearly canned tuna, it still had the shape of the can it came from (be it high grade canned, but still canned), I did decide to send it back. I politely asked if the dressing was on the salad. The server was very polite-- she clearly remembered I'd asked for it on the side since she did not seem surprised, rushed to apologize and remove the salad from the table. 

The salad came back out. I have to say that the arugula was very very fresh. Not a single leaf was tired in the massive heap of greens. The white beans were alright. Overall, the salad engineering pretty good. That dry, canned albacore tuna left something to be desired.  

So, by now, I've had a cold soup, a salad, and when the server asked me for the third time if I wanted a drink (yes, she was persistent), I ordered the 'I want a Tan' TO GO which is the simplest drink they seemed to have on the elaborate juice bar menu: fresh carrot, OJ, and ginger. The drink came out with about 19oz of fresh ICE and 1 oz of juice from which the ginger pieces were not filtered out (I'm still picking my teeth as I write, sorry for the graphic detail...).
Yes, it's true, I am at fault for not specifying I don't want a $5 cupfull of ice when it's 35 degrees outside and I'm about to take this to go.

Finally, although I knew my check came out below the amount specified on the Groupon, I was done with this unsatisfying meal (which only had a cold heap of greens going for it). I asked for my check. Check arrived way after the ladies in the next table (who were seated after me) had already left the premises. The server was quick to ask whether I'd been explained that the Groupon doesn't cover taxes when the total amount falls below the groupon value. I just really wanted to get out of there before I get stuck to that annoying Bruno Mars song for the next week, so I paid them the tax and even very generously (24%) tipped the staffer because I didn't have change.
But that's the last of my cash they'll see. I'll go get my fresh arugula and HOT soup at the Terminal market a few blocks away.
Could be a great alternative to unhealthy fast food. The fact that the service is painfully and disrespectfully slow is its detriment. The first time we came I believe we were the first customers of the day. We stopped by on our way to an appointment. We had plenty of time to spare for a quick bite. After 25 minutes of waiting for wraps, we were out of time and had to race to our next appointment and eat in the car. I was impressed by the calories and WW points on the wall, so I did decide then that I would return. On my second visit I returned with my boyfriend and we decided to dine in...big mistake. We walked in and waited in line only to find that no one was seating people, so everyone went to find their own seats. Eventually someone appeared and they were miffed that we had  (about four tables) seated ourselves. Perhaps the rest of our visit was punishment? The waiter came back with water for one table and took thier order and then she NEVER returned! They left and handed us their menus. My bf was starving, so he went to the counter to order and he brought back our food on his own. After that the waitress would not even look our way. NO water, no nothing. I love the concept, but it is poorly executed. While we were waiting for our food we discussed the decor that is part nightclub, part health store, part fast food restaurant with a weird video playing on a TV in the background. We just did not get it. The food was ok, but not worth the wait. Perhaps take out would be better?
I will start by saying that this was not my first meal at Fuel. Yes, the portions are modest, but what can you expect from a restaurant where every meal is under 500 calories, yet bread and cheese are still on the menu. I have generally enjoyed my previous meals at Fuel. The sweet potato fries are phenomenal. But I digress...

I arrived one Friday afternoon around 2:15 p.m., ravenous. I hurriedly ordered the tofu lettuce wraps. In the spirit of full disclosure, this was a "starter item." But at just under $10 (with tax), I figured it would tide me over until 5 p.m., at the very least.

What I got was not a meal, nor a starter item, nor a side. What I got was equivalent to a burger topping...a pitiful foam cup, filled halfway with bland tofu and peanuts (probably six full peanuts, halved) resting on an inch-high bed of shredded carrots. Accompanied by three wilted stalks of romaine. 

Horrified, I skimmed the takeout menu again, desperate for answers. Had I ordered wrong? Had they mischarged me? Then I saw it: the calorie count. The calorie count for the tofu lettuce wraps? 60 calories. 60 CALORIES. If I'm paying $10 for 60 calories worth of tofu, it better be served on a diamond-encrusted platter alongside a glass of champagne.

Now, I implore you, how could even the most mathematically impaired individual possibly value this meal at $8.95?! That is the same price as the turkey burger, and other- drastically more substantial- menu items. Collectively, these ingredients probably cost less than $1. 

This meal FUELed me through about 15 sedentary minutes.
My friend and I had dinner here using "Groupon Now".
Everything was really fresh and tasted wonderful!

We split a salad, a panini and dessert and left super satisfied!
I highly recommend the strawberry/spinach salad and the flourless chocolate cake... de-lish!

We couldn't believe that the cake was only 350 calories! It was so rich, creamy and delicious. We kept checking the menu - front and back - to make sure there was no disclaimer or fine print about the calories being a hoax - Lol! A girl's gotta double check!

Fuel was fantastic - we'll definitely be back!
This was my first time here and I was a bit overwhelmed at first by the set-up. I wanted to do takeout and was envisioning something different - when you walk in, it's mainly a restaurant set-up, with the take-out counter way in the back. It's not difficult to navigate, just took time to adjust.

Service at the register was good, although somewhat difficult to hear and see. The ceilings are really high and the sound gets lost (especially with the open kitchen set right behind) and the lighting is dimmer than I would expect for a healthy food cafe. i took a star off for that.

I didn't have to wait too long (15 minutes), but I would recommend calling in as their waiting area isn't the most comfortable (tucked in right next to the people dining at tables).

But mmm, the shrimp & corn chowder today really hit the spot for lunch. I also ordered the roasted eggplant & red pepper panini on wheat. It was a little on the wet side, but still very tasty.  Maybe the eggplant was a little overcooked. I look forward to devouring the guac & corn with dinner tonight!
Poor service with a slightly bad attitude.

I live in Philly and eat out a lot. I just happened to be at a seminar next to this restaurant. I went for lunch. I ordered one appetizer and one flatbread.

The hostess was polite. The server didn't seem like she wanted to be there. She wasn't rude to me, but she was condescending and obvious about her feelings about being there.

I asked for a soda (I wasn't in the mood for a shake). She rolled her eyes - rolled them - and pointed behind me and told me, "Sweeties, this is all we have." I turned around to see a 2ft. x 6ft. soda cooler - barely stocked - that was situated behind a table. Of course, I didn't notice it when I sat down; it wasn't obvious and the menu suggested a lot more of a selection.

The server rushed me out as well. I began to ask her for more napkins and she cut me off and said, "Oh, you're finished? Let me get your check." I had to tell he no and that I really just needed a napkin.

The food was okay. It seems like it would be different, and it kind-of is. But, I could order most of the protein from the menu from any India restaurant. I did not have the opportunity to try a smoothie, but I don't see myself trying this place again.
I love Fuel. It's only a few blocks from my office and it offers a variety of low-calorie, healthy-while-still-being-yummy food. 

I tend to be boring when ordering lunch so I always get the eggplant and goat cheese panini, which is always delicious. 

I usually have to add something on since the minimum delivery amount is $15 and today I ordered the Spicy Grilled Shrimp appetizer which was also delicious.

My only gripe about this place is the amount of time it takes for them to deliver. 

Today, I placed the order a few minutes before 11am (I was hungry, ok?) but the food arrived after 12pm. Over an hour for a panini? 
Unfortunately that is the one thing that often deters me from ordering from here, especially when I am extra hungry. 

But for days when I can be patient, I guess it is sort of worth the wait....
I've been here twice. The first time it was just for dessert. The second time I got soup, panini, dessert, and a drink. I had the crab bisque it was yumm except for the excess amount of pepper. I had the T.B.M (tomato, basil pesto, and mozzarella). I got it on a white bread panini. I enjoyed everything about the sandwich except the pesto. It's partially because of my taste of food and the excessive amount that was on the sandwich. For dessert I had the dark chocolate mousse cake. At first I was skeptical because I love milk chocolate cake but not so much dark chocolate cake. Lucky for me it tasted vaguely of dark chocolate and I absolutely loved it and the raspberry sauce also. Throughout the night I sipped on Thyme Lemonade. I know what your thinking thyme what happened to the simple kind like raspberry or strawberry. I was thinking the same thing but I'm always up for new things so I sampled it and it was fantastic so I got a whole cup. Personally I feel like if you want great desserts and drinks come here rather than if you want appetizers and main courses. Also if you don't like bright colors and pop music this place is not for you. The walls are bright lime green and after a while the pop music videos that are played gets repetitive and headache inducing. Besides those cons just mentioned it's an okay place.
When you're out looking for some good fairly quick grub on a Friday night, a sign noting "500 calories or less" is typically not what I like to see. I want a burger, I want a beer, I want a gluttonous calorie feast. After all, I deserve it don't I? I worked hard all week for a little savory satisfaction.

So here I am on Friday and my friends say we HAVE to go to Fuel. But why? I say to them...it's health food...it can't possibly be good.

On the contrary and being rather dumbstruck by the food that sat in front of us, I had to hand it to them...maybe they knew what was up with the new kid on the Walnut fast food block. We started with chips and black bean salsa that was tasty, but kind of lacking on the black beans. We then migrated into dinner mode and out came a loaded roast turkey wrap with goat cheese for my male companion, a thai chicken wrap for my female companion, and a grilled cheese on wheat panini for myself. A grilled cheese with not one, not two, but THREE kinds of cheese? How can this possibly be healthy? Maybe it was the spinach and tomatoes tossed in, but I wasn't about to question it. The lemon cream cheese that was used was absolutely delightful. Each dish came with a salad with a light balsamic vinegar type dressing, and each for being under 500 calories was equally enjoyable.

The restaurant itself has kind of a strange vibe, maybe because I remember it being a home goods store previously, or maybe it was the loud house music, or the plastic furniture...at least the food makes up for it's off-beat ambiance.

My only qualm is that they don't open early enough to pick up a juice or smoothie for breakfast, they're more of a designated lunch/dinner joint; I guess it's not much of a complaint and look forward to trying out the juice bar in the future.
I'm no vegetarian but Fuel is able to fill me up with a nice, low calorie,  lunch. Staff is friendly. Calorie count is listed on the menu. I especially like their chicken & mushroom wrap and fruit smoothies.

If you're a vegan this is the place for you.  For everyone else, there are plenty of good and tasty options.
Accepts LevelUp, quick, professional service, tasty treats, hard to go wrong. 

I've watched a number of friends get Fuel for take-out, salivating at their healthy-looking sammies and salads, so I stopped in the other day to grab a quick juice (I was feeling a little worn out, fresh green juice sounded like just the trick). My last experience with buying "just a juice" was a $7 "treat yo' self" moment at Pure Fare. And, while that was delicious, sometimes you're not really feeling the whole "Empty your wallet for this cuppa green stuff!" vibe from PF.

Enter Fuel, where a 16oz juice costs merely $4. I was floored with joy, and able to use my LevelUp app to pay the piper. The juice itself (I believe it was called the hulk) was cucumber, spinach, apple, lemon and I requested some extra ginger. My only complaints were a) not enough ginger [coming from a bit of a ginger addict, this could be ok for most folks] and b) they tossed some ice in there. Maybe I'm a juicing purist, but I'm assuming that ice took up precious room in my cup that could've been full of nutrients. Juice-trients.

Either way, it hit the spot, tasting just as refreshing as it made me feel, and I left happy and satisfied. I saw a number of happy patrons enjoying their lunch break in the very trendy-looking interior, and they also were running a holiday gift card deal of "buy $20 worth of giftcards, get $30!" so... if you're in the business of dining/drinking at Fuel, I'd say that's 150% value and totally worthwhile.

I think I'll stick to Fuel for my future juice-fixes. Gets the job done without feeling like my wallet is being gouged with an (all-organic) knife.
