If you're looking for healthy food or something light- Fuel should be on your radar! Their menu is all under 500 calories and $10. 

I used to come here pretty frequently a few years ago. I stopped coming and haven't been for awhile but just recently I have seen them on social media and that they made an app for your phone to receive discounts and I thought their marketing was rad and definitely worth another shot. When I came in I realized that they updated their menu as well. 

Everything here is awesome and they offer options for vegans, vegetarians, gluten free and those with no dietary restrictions. They have tofu, chicken and other options and I really like the diversity of their menu. They have appetizers, salads, bowls, sandwiches, wraps and even juices and smoothies. The calories are shown and don't include bread but you can easily ask for those calories because they have them available as well. 

The parking unfortunately isn't the best because it's Passyunk so it's street parking but the most I've ever parked is like 2 blocks away. They also have a check-in offer to get 10% off after 3 check ins and sometimes you can find them on Groupon!
Ughhh Fuel is my dream restaurant for every-day feedings. 

Quick, unfussy, healthy, delish, relatively inexpensive.

The space itself is not my favorite, but the food totally makes up for it (and they deliver via eat24.com... winning).

Can't go wrong with a chicken caesar salad (super filling, bangin homemade dressing) and a hulk juice (cucumber,spinach,lemon and apple). This actually might be my top caesar salad in the city, which is saying something since I eat caesar salad disturbingly frequently. 

Have also had: nutella whips (tasty guilt-free dessert), the TBM panini, sweet potato avocado panini, the hummus, and the high protein grilled cheese. All fantastic. 

If you want to stuff your face but not feel like complete shit afterwards, this is your place.
Odd decor aside, I truly love what FUEL is trying to - and does - accomplish. I need go-to places for healthy meals and I can probably count on one hand the spots that I rely on regularly. FUEL is one of them. 

I love their salads, and seeing the nutritional info makes me that much more confident that I'm making the right choices. I am wary about most of the sandwiches since breads aren't included in the counts and they sound too delicious to be legitimately diet-friendly. But I would like to give them a try sometime. 

The Passyunk location is far easier for me to get to than the one in center city, and I think the employees are friendlier, too. I dig it.
Healthy, sub 500-calorie grub in a neighborhood better known for pizza, cheesesteaks, anything Mexican smothered in cheese and Italian pastry is not the easiest sell.  Having eaten lunch here solo, as well as popped in to pick up a banana whip, I do appreciate what Chef Rocco (who is namechecked on the menu, table tents and outdoor chalkboard) is trying to do here -- provide protein-rich wraps, sandwiches, salads and smoothies that aren't fatbombs.  

My banana whip, which was purely frozen banana whipped into an ice-cream like texture, was spot on.  At $3 plus tax, it's a sweet and satisfying treat sans sugar bloat.  A sandwich of mozzarella, tomato and pesto on foccacia was simple and effective, and the accompanying salad fresh and bright.  An accompanying bowl of tomato-basil soup was less memorable, but certainly not bad. 

Service has been friendly and outgoing, and my last server even accomodated my request to wrap my leftover half-sandwich in a piece of aluminum foil, instead of a big non-biodegradable foam container.
I'm confused, is it a cafe, is it a gym, or is it a dance club?

I've had sandwiches a few times from here and they have been very very good.  I love paninis and they offer tasty combinations and even tell you the calorie counts for their offerings.  I don't count calories much myself but it's nice to know that they print them.

I've had the south philly sandwich and most recently, the smoked salmon panini.  The smoke salmon panini with spinach, lemon cream cheese and red onion hit the spot.  It was light and delicious.  I think they are a bit pricey for the size of the sandwich but the ingredients are definitely fresh.

My opening comment refers to the overall feel of the place.  The walls are a bright pink and have greens splattered around which I found a bit tough to look at.  The tv's are playing techno/dance music and at a volume of what you'd hear in a gym and on their own tv station, Fuel TV.  I actually opted to take my sandwich to go because I was in a rush and wasn't in the right mindset to sit down and eat.

They are on grubhub and delivered very quickly.  They present their food simply, the sanwich, some greens and a balsamic vinaigrette.  They are a goto for takeout.
Whether you treat it as a coffeehouse/juice bar, or a cafe that dishes out under 500 calorie plates; Fuel is a spot that manages to lead to some pretty enticing results.

Before I give it up to the good I'm going to get some of the bad out of the way. Because of reasons that that Vinny so very well stated, The audio/visual stimulation that Fuel offers can border on the overkill. in summary, there's a time and a place to jump on a treadmill, or dance around to some La Bouche(remember them?). And eating here is neither of those times. So the video screens and music that they subject you too while you're trying to enjoy a wrap and a coffee can be a bit much. Although if you're trying to get around it their take out and delivery is pretty spot on.

But besides that fact Fuel manages to deliver where it counts. If you're one of those people who think that healthy doesn't taste good; their wraps, soups, and salads will quickly teach you otherwise. Variates like the Thai chicken and high protein grilled cheese especially pack a serious punch on the wrap front. and their soup of the day always borders on the impressive. if you're looking for a good coffeehouse option then get ready to treat yourself to some of the best lattes you're going to find. and believe me when I say that juices like the Detox do EXACTLY what they say they're going to!

So in this case sitting down to some good healthy food can be worth that single annoyance.
I visited Fuel for lunch for the first time this past Sunday with my boyfriend and his mother. We had a fantastic experience. The service was not mind blowing, but the food was. Everything was fresh, lite, and flavorful. I ordered the Detox (Acai, Blueberry, Pomergranate, and Yerbe Matte) to drink. We split a sampling of dips to start. We ordered the Hummus which came with red peppers and cucumber for dipping, Sweet Pea Wanton (chips), and Guacamole with tortilla chips. The winner for me was the Sweet Pea Wanton. 

For my entree I enjoyed the Grilled Veggies on a whole wheat wrap. I loved that every "sandwich" offered the option of White or what bread, panini, wrap, or breadless (served as a salad). The wrap was delicious and very filling. I only finished half and had the rest wrapped to go. The veggies were served warm allowing the ricotta cheese to become one with the veggies and wrap. The balsamic reduction was a great compliment. I almost felt like I was eating a salad on bread, but the variety of warm veggies (zucchini, squash, red onions, roasted red pepers) reminded me that this was so much more. 

For dessert we decided on three. This was not the healthiest of decisions, but we couldn't help ourselves. We ordered the Banana Whips (100% banana), Pumpkin Cheesecake, and the Chocolate Cake. I am a self proclaimed Choc-a-holic and will always go for the chocolate on any menu, but I must say that this time around chocolate came in last. The chocolate cake was decadent and delicious, but its flavor paled to that of the Pumpkin Cheese Cake. The cheesecake possessed creamy and crunch textures and complex flavors between the pumpkin, cheese, crust, and peacan syrup. The runner up was of course the Banana Whip. I love this dessert for its purity. I was able to enjoy the pleasure of ice cream / gelato with the added knowledge that I was only eating bananas and not straight sugar/cream! The banana whips are simple and refreshing, perfect for a June afternoon!
Love this place.  The food could not be fresher.  Rocco is a real talent.  The soups are remarkable, and the pumpkin chessecake is one of the best desserts I have ever had.  

The staff is also one of the friendliest and kindest in Philadelphia.  No one could wrong here.
Fuel is a welcome addition to the blossoming section of East Passyunk Ave. 

I have eaten here 5 or 6 times since it opened last year. The menu is original and healthy, as noted by other posters. My personal favorite is the Roasted Veggie sandwich which has mushrooms, roasted reds, zucchini & carrots on a grilled panini. It comes with a balsamic reduction which bring the sandwich to life. I also love the roasted turkey sandwich. It cleverly combines turkey with goat cheese. Although two of my favorite ingredients, I had never had them combined. So simple, so perfect. 

A word of caution that other reviewers have missed: Regarding calories, the bread or wrap used in your sandwich is NOT COUNTED. So if you are counting calories, that 500 calorie lunch is closer to 700.  Personally, I dont give a damn when it comes to these things, but if I did, this would truly piss me off. 

Overall, a tasty & unique sandwich shop which shows the changing culture of South Philly.
Fuel is great. I think it's one of the only places to get protein shakes in the neighborhood, but lucky for me I live around the corner. I perform in a monthly sketch comedy show at Adobe Cafe, which is right  next door, so this is how I stumbled upon Fuel. The first thing I noticed was the music playing (it plays outside on the street)- all remixes of Gaga, Adam Lambert, Katy Perry, Rihanna, etc. I thought I was upstairs at Tavern on Camac for a second! The gayborhood comes to Passyunk. loves it. Their food is good. Large sandwiches, and they have all of the calories printed out. The protein shakes are awesome. Service is not excellent, but that's fine with me because I usually get the food to go.
I continue to be surprised by the lack of places in philadelphia to grab a healthy juice.  At home, our breville juicer gets a daily meal of fresh greens and fruits...but sometimes you want a change, or are out and about and want to buy something healthy to save time.

so i had passed up fuel for a while due to the way it looks, just from the outside, it gives off the vibe of an afterhours club or something youd see lots of bridge-n-tunnel types waiting in line for in olde city.  not the worst thing, but just didnt jump out at me for a while as a "health food" place.

it was only after googling for juicebar options that i came across it and decided to give it a shot despite the "ehhh" first impression of the place form just walking/biking past it often.  to be fair, thats not really any way to judge a business, but unfortunately, i think especially with healthy food, there's something to be said for having the design/atmosphere reflect the "theme" (health/health-ier?).

many of the other reviews make mention of it, but it is true, that once inside, the "wait...am i in the right place?" internal monologue only gets STRONGER.  in short, the inside feels kind of like the "lounge" or "chill room" of a rave or GTL-type fistpump club.  maybe this is meant to appeal to the type that hits the gym, then wants a smoothie or juice before going off to press their Ed Hardy tshirt before going out on the town......yet, in my dozen or so visits, ive never once seen one of those jersey shore types in the place.  

as others have stated, its painted all black and just has an extremely dark/dank basement kind of vibe, which, to me just doesnt communicate anything "sunny"/healthy/green.  there's the weird and annoying music pumping (although i always find it to be at a gentle level and not "blasting" as others have written) which i would't mind so much as a lover of most types of music (including even good house music), but it is top40 cheesy-club (think: one of those ULTIMATE DANCE PARTY VOL. 7 cds that youd find in the back seat of a sorority girl's jetta).  maybe im just a music snob/aging hipster, but of allllll the new music and hipster/yupster blood flowing into areas like East Passyunk, it seems almost laughably anachronistic to play the music they play in a "new" place.

ok, so you get it, the vibe is weird as hell.

that said, everytime ive been there, the staff is awesome and friendly and nice.  but i never eat in, most of the neg reviews seem to be about that aspect.  and in Fuel's defense, id have to say that im not sure why they even do wait service or try for any kind of sit-down vibe, when most of the menu is fitting for a take out or sandwich-shop vibe.  

also i dont think all the complaints (about either location) that center on GROUPON issues are very fair to the business.  i dont do groupon but i personally feel like giving a restaurant a bad review because the new-fangled system you employed to save 4 dollars on 12 had some hiccups = unfair and kind of a dick move.  its a small business, just pay for your food you cheapo nitpickers. 

so, if you dont sit down, dont get all anal about groupon, and dont mind the vibe....there's still the food and drinks, right?

overall the food is great and healthy, with this caveat: some have mentioned it but i cant stress enough, the entire conceit of the restaurant (everything under 500 cal) is slightly misleading.  i dont count calories so it doesnt affect me personally, but the vast majority of menu (wraps, paninis, sandwiches) are on bread, and the bread is not included in the calorie count.  it Is stated on the menu, but in the form of a "you better read the fine print" approach, where an asterisk refers you to a small footnote that reveals this tidbit of info. 

the juices are really great but they do not do actual 'juicing' but smoothies and blended juice drinks.

EDIT/UPDATE: after posting this, got a very kind response from rocco the owner, addressing my concerns (no sugar added to juices, and he explained that including the varying calories for each type of bread would clutter the menu...i can respect that answer) ...so im moving my 3stars up to 5stars.  i was just going to do 4, but im really impressed with the quick and honest response form the owner, i think that shows some true dedication, and id rather give my money to local small business helmed by someone that cares, even when criticized, to respond to customers.  so they earned back one star for for addressing my 2 gripes, and another star for simply the act of caring enough to reach out.  So 4 stars for the food (minus 1 for the ambiance, but to each their own), then plus 1 for the owner caring enough to reach out.

Give them a shot!
I'm so disappointed to be writing this review. I have always enjoyed stopping by Fuel South Philly on my lunch break - the food is consistently good but the service is also consistently very slow. Today; however, took the cake as I made the mistake of ordering dessert to take home with me. I paid my check while waiting (and waiting and waiting) for my cannoli - after 15 minutes I could not wait any longer. Maybe Fuel's daytime server doesn't realize that there are still people who clock in and out and who really only get 1 hour for lunch, no more. When I explained that I had to go back to work and asked to simply return the money that I had already paid, she huffed and puffed, walked to the kitchen and yelled back from the kitchen door, "he's making it now!!" I told her again that I had to go back to work, that I could not wait, it had already been 15 minutes, etc. So she stomped back to the cash register with another huge sigh slammed the buttons for a while and finally repaid me for the dessert that I never got.  I will say that the manager (I'm guessing he was the manager) caught me on the way out with the dessert, which he offered on the house, but the damage of the server's salty attitude had already been done. I just wanted to get out of there.

Living/working in this area, Fuel has always been one of my go to places for a tasty lunch or dinner, however based on the attitude of the server today, I will hesitate to go there again. There are just too many other choices...
First off, the people here are fabulous. they are kind, and understanding and helpful and just generally effing awesome. 

Plus, the lovely young lady makes a MEAN protein buster smoothie, which I always take home for dessert -- and I even take a second one home for a dude who has no idea it's less than 300 calories because it still tastes like damn good peanut butter ice cream. 

They do their food on wraps, on rolls all panini-style and plain. Do beware that they get the calorie count -- which is FANTASTICALLY PRINTED ON THE MENU -- without the bread-y trimmings. But they do food right -- no extra oils or smothered in this or cooked in that -- while keeping the cheeses gooey and the meats mighty tender. I don't think it's a feat, really, but it must be, because they are some of the only people who think and care enough to do it. 

And we're lucky for it -- and them -- we were voted the homeliest city after all...
Ah, one place in the city where I can finish an entire meal without feeling full to the point of popping. Fuel is a casual place with a health food vibe that doesn't detract from the taste, or produce anything super bizarre. They make a great selection of salads, sandwiches and wraps. I recommend any of the veggie options or the grilled cheese. A friend complained that the salmon wrap tasted "fishy"... but it's fish, so I'm not sure I see the problem.

 The smoothies come in fun flavor combos and are an excellent post-workout or post-night out pick me up. 

The atmosphere is designed to keep you in the healthy, energetic, kick ass and take names frame of mind. There is a ridiculously upbeat pop playlist on repeat, a little louder than is strictly necessary. It's entertaining enough during a quick lunch, but I'm surprised none of the staff has snapped from Ga-Ga overload. 

Anyway, Fuel is always close to empty when I'm there, which is a shame. Everyone should come check it out.
My fiance and I decided that we were tired of eating all of the fatty greasy stuff that was available for delivery around us, and then I remembered that there was this new place Fuel less than a block away which featured meals that are all under 500 calories. As we both agreed that we should eat healthier we decided to give it a try. the place itself is sparsely decorated and they had little flat screen TVs on the wall playing the music videos of the music that was playing in the restaurant, mid you too loud. the menu is surprising, I was thinking that if it is under 500 calories how could they have that many choices, but they do. Starters, salads, paninis or wraps, plus they have daily specials and desserts. 
We opted for the soy chicken lettuce wraps, the tuna and arugula salad, and the Thai chicken wrap. The food was very good and fresh. I was surprised that it was so good and still under 500 calories. 
I would give fuel 5 stars but there are two reasons why I can't. 
1) The prices. Our soy chicken wraps were $7.95 for three wraps. Now I know they need to keep it under 500 calories but I think maybe taking off a dollar or two would help. Still it was very tasty. 
2) The ambiance in the restaurant itself. The owner and chef Rocco Cima who is also a DJ at Q102 wants the place to have an LA type vibe, that's fine, but for me the place did not seem that inviting, and the music was a little too loud. 
On the good side: 
The food was very good 
Chef Rocco has a very good idea and I hope it takes off 
The staff that we met, including Chef Rocco were very friendly. 

So if you are looking for a good low calorie meal served up fast and good check out Fuel, just be prepared to pay a little more for some of the items then you would want to spend. Other than that this place is great.
I think Fuel and I are in the process of breaking up.

I thought about giving three stars, but that would just be spiteful, considering everything is still delicious.

I've recently decided to take the plunge to veganism, and I thought Fuel would be there to support me.

Why they have many vegetarian items, it seems like they aren't as vegan friendly as I thought (specifically the spreads and sauces for the panini.)  I could just get the sandwich and go sauceless, but that is both boring and bland.

I'm heartbroken.

***EDIT***
Within an hour of writing this, Rocco reached out to me, He is truly an awesome business owner and cares about all of his customers.  All dressings except Caesar are vegan, as well as peanut sauce and balsamic reduction.  Fuel and I can continue our relationship.
Went here for the first time today and was very pleasantly surprised!

The ambience leaves something to be desired: It's as if the owner couldn't decide whether to start a gym or a restaurant, so decided to start a restaurant with gym music and decor.

The food was great though! They have plenty of vegetarian options, and everything on the menu (even dessert!) is under 500 calories--most well under 500. I had the chocolate mousse cake for dessert, and never would have guessed there were only 330 calories in it.

The servers were super sweet and attentive. Plus they do delivery!
Came by on Sunday for lunch with my Fiancée after hearing positive reviews from friends. I had the South Philly panini and it was delicious but very garlicky so if you don't like garlic, stay away.

We shared the spinach and artichoke dip and it was great. Very cheesy with just the right amount of heat and served with pita. I'd come back for this alone! 

Smoothies sounded good but looked a little pricey.

Bought a Yelp deal but the server said they couldn't accept it because they were only set up for Groupon and the manager wasn't available.
We have eaten at Fuel many times.....the food is delicious....we love it there....the panini's and the wraps are great...also we like the soups that are offered....the bread is so so good....I ordered the tbm stacker and the tbm pesto.....and I'm hooked on it...the smoothies and the banana whips are to die for.....I just love it.....I tell everyone to go try this fabulous upbeat restaurant.... the music is the best.... while you are eating inside or outside.....the decor of the restaurant is very L.A style.....I highly recommend this restaurant....also the staff is great...very friendly and very attentive.....Once you go there you will see how delicious everything is....the owner Rocco from Q-102 is a wonderful chef...and doing a great job with his restaurant....give it a try you won't be sorry.Fuel is a welcome addition to Passyunk Avenue....
Fuel is awesome !!!!  The food taste great especially all the different soups they have and the smoothies are actually really good...my favorite are the fruit fuzzion, detox and the peanut butter buster
This is a great place to eat in South Philly. If your looking to grab a quick protein shake , salad, lunch or even a dinner they never disappoint with a creative , fresh and delicious menu. 

The staff is quick and friendly and the Chef "Rocco" will make sure you enjoyed your meal. 

a great addition to Philadelphia. The detox protein shake is simply amazing !
I am a 53 year old that lives in South Philly. I eat at Fuel whenever I get over to Passyunk.  Today I wanted a healthy option and called Fuel for a delivery as I am home bound for a bit.  The young lady answering the phone was rude and short and because I only wanted a ceasar salad with grilled chicken she told me you have to order more if you want this delivered, orders have to be over ten dollars. I understand the rule as gas is so friggin expensive. I've ordered this before and I am almost positive it was Nine something... I almost said just charge me the ten bucks but why bother, she was rude and had an attitude. 

Oh well, I tried to give you business. You failed on your customer service because your employee was a B*#ch! Good luck in your efforts, maybe you should spot call your locations and mystery shop your employees. Im just saying~
my son and i are trying to live a healthy lifestyle. and because i hate to food shop, there was nothing in the house. delivery rarely has healthy options. so i googled and found fuel. super impressed. i had a brie, cranberry and apple chutney flatbread and a turkey goat cheese, pesto on a wheat wrap. my son had a grilled cheese and some kind of green pea ap. he had a mango madness juice and i had the detox. i am never a fan of juice, but this was super yummy and i actually felt healthier after i had it. i will say, for delivery, it was the biggest bill i ever had for 2, but it was worth it. i will now make fuel a regular stop on my bike rides thru the city. i need to try more of these amazing juices and smoothies!!!
Honestly used to absolutely love their paninis and soups, but lately I have noticed their product quality has went down immensely along with their portion size. Not sure if it it because they are now on groupon? Used to recommend to others, not so much anymore. Used to be 5 stars when they first opened, now about a 3.
I try to get Fuel'd up as much as I can. I'm a huge fan of their veggie paninis (the stacker, specifically), and I absolutely have to get some sort of delicious juice everytime I order.

The Green Tea Match and The Hulk are my two favorite drinks from the juice bar; everything else have been great as well.

People who work at this location are very friendly and seem to love what they do. And the delivery is consistently quick!
The concept of this place is great- they don't give you the option to be an abusive meal eating citizen. All of the food served here is under 500 calories and packed with flavor. 

We used to always order delivery from here at my old job, it was always delivered in under an hour even on busy nights. I always got the fuel stacker, it was packed with flavor and the side salad that it comes with is always deliciously dressed. The sweet pea wontons are incredibly delicious as well, and i've been meaning to mimick this recipe for a while! It's so good. 

The only thing I ever got bummed out over, was a time I ordered a choose during a delivery and they made the wrong one- it was my first time ordering from fuel but it didn't stop me from ordering from them again.
The juices are delicious, as was the salad I got. 
The seating is ample.
There are good vegetarian options. 
What was wrong? The staff wasn't very attentive and the place was filled with smoke from the kitchen. Maybe they had an off day?
Best place to have a quick meal that fills you up and is healthy too! My favorites are the hummus and the TBM chicken sandwich. Fun environment and the service is always attentive and friendly.
I have a passion for food -- not the complex, "Top Chef" five-star kind.  I am more of a comfort food, meat-and-potatoes kind of guy.  My friends would say that I probably eat out too much.  This often results in a regular evening of working out at the gym, followed by a contradictory post-workout meals with too many desserts.  

After sticking to the same familiar places for 2010, I have started to introduce some new favorites to my repertoire.  In particular, I was on the lookout for restaurants that serve up something delicious and inexpensive (minus the guilt).  Then I found "the one" -- FUEL!

Q102's Rocco Cima opened two FUEL locations, Passyunk Avenue and Walnut Street.  FUEL combines my passion for desserts with appealing main courses, reasonable prices, quick service, upbeat music and fun stylings.

Oddly, when I encountered FUEL at last year's Taste of Passyunk event I was not impressed.   I had read about the banana whip which was written up all over town.  I tried a sample and it tasted rather plain, especially to someone who plans his days around the locations of the best cupcakes.  The whip wasn't "bad," but it was not something for a dessert lover. In fact, it tasted like something you would get from a health counter inside the gym.  It also was not filling.  Then, during the holidays, I was shopping on Passyunk for some gifts.  It was cold out and I saw the sign for Tomato Basil soup.  I stopped for a quick bowl and ended up ordering a full meal.  I would soon learn that the banana whip short-changed this amazing place!  They had so many other great things to offer.   And offer they have!

Since December I have been to a FUEL location once a week.  I have tried their great selection of flavored, sugar-free coffee drinks.  I have sampled six different sandwiches and salads.  I feasted on treats like Key Lime Pie, Chocolate Mousse Cake, Strawberry Rhubarb Tarts, Pumpkin Cheesecake, and an upgraded Banana Whip with Nutella.  More importantly, however, is the calories I have NOT eaten.  A soup, sandwich, side salad, coffee drink and dessert weighs in at under 750 calories -- all for under $20!

Check out FUEL at 1917 East Passyunk Ave. and at 1225 Walnut Street.  You can visit them online at www.fuelphilly.com.  You can also follow their daily specials and events on Facebook.   When you go, check out these tasty items: 

Chocolate Mousse Cake - One of 2010's best desserts (with half the calories!)
Key Lime Pie
Tomato Basil Soup
South Philly Sandwich
High Protein Grilled Cheese Sandwich
Grilled Chicken Sandwich
A HUGE improvement has been made as far as the smoothies are concerned. 

The soup de jour is a MUST. So far I've sampled the thai chicken with red curry, lobster bisque, and baked potato, and I have never been disappointed. 

The paninis are also very good. I got the roasted vegetable one (kinda unwillingly, since I'm really not a fan of roasted veggie sandwiches, but had to watch my post-holiday caloric intake) and was very pleasantly surprised. The balsamic vinegar wasn't overwhelming as it tends to be on other shop's sandwiches. 

I'm a bit disappointed that their delivery time tends to take a bit longer than they say it will, but I will chalk that up to dealing with lunchtime traffic in Philly.
Update: Tried again.  It seems Fuel Actually is consistent - consistently mediocre. This time my chicken was pounded beyond recognition and burnt to a crisp.  Thank God the Gorgonzola cheese was delicious as it saved the sandwich.  This time my beloved pumpkin cheesecake left the worst taste in my mouth. As in freezer burn.  It clearly had that nasty stinky fridge/freezer taste to it.  PLEASE get your stuff together guys!!!!

I want to love Fuel and I love what they are trying to do, healthy food that tastes great.  My only issue with Fuel is consistency.  I have never eaten in, only ever takeout.  I generally get a panini on wheat bread, often the TBM pesto.  I almost always order the Pumpkin cheesecake because its generally delicious.  HOWEVER - the take out can range from fantastic to "did I REALLY just spend $20 for THIS?!?"  
I can create healthy delicious food at home, so if I'm going to spend $20 or more to "splurge" on take out, I expect it to be great every time.  You don't get that here unfortunately.  It disappoints me and leaves me looking for somewhere else to spend my splurge cash.
I was not impressed with the first meal I ordered from this establishment, (sweet pea wonton, thai chicken wrap which was extremely dry, and a green tea matcha smoothie which was more ice than anything else), but this past Friday I figured "what the heck" and ordered take-out with some ladies in the office.  

The I Don't Want NO BREAD (grilled portabella mushrooms stuffed with bulgar, chopped peppers, zucchini, onions, and pine nuts served with baby arugula) was absolutely delicious and very filling.  And the Protein Buster Smoothie?  Peanut butter, honey, banana, skim milk, and protein powder made for a winning combination.  I couldn't stop raving about it!

The three stars is just a combined scoring of my first two experiences.  I will provide an updated review as we order from there again.
Fuel is my go to spot since I am constantly watching what I eat. 

My favorites include:
Roasted Turkey Salad (pretty fulling)
Sweet Pea Wonton App
Protein Buster Shake 
smoked salmon and goat cheese egg white frittata (brunch only)

Keep in mind that the bread is not included in the calorie count of items and that the bread slices are less calories than the wraps. 
The coffee is a bit weak for my tastes, as well and for a banana whip I would go to HipCityVeg since theirs are much creamier.
My first Fuel experience was at the Center City location, using a groupon. I got the Thai chicken panini and was underwhelmed. My dining companions both got the Turkey panini and refused to share.

Fast forward a few weeks later, I just started my job in the Passyunk Square area, and needed a quick lunch to go. I walk into Fuel, order the Turkey panini, and I'm on my way. My god it is delicious. It's the best Roasted Turkey I've ever had.

I will go back there again and again. They have a VIP card for those who frequently order drinks, I only wish they had one for sandwich people.
One of the best lunches I've ever had! Turkey burger on multigrain roll with red pepper and feta a small side salad with a balsamic vinaigrette and a side of REAL sweet potato fries and homemade ketchup! And a acai berry Yerba mate detox smoothie which is my favvvvv! This made me feel full and satisfied and a great meal under 20$ delivered to my house! I'm so glad I didn't opt for Chinese lol I feel great and not sluggish and gross! Love their food it's always clean and fresh! Thanx fuel
Ive been to Fuel a few times.. my friend and I went last night.. great food great time. I love the decor it reminds me of a few places back home. Also the baked potato soup! deliciousness. The paninis are good nice flaky and crunchy but I definatley am more of a wrap person.. and both meals were great. So if youre looking for a good meal. Id go with the soup first and then maybe a grilled chicken or tbm wrap. Or try a salad.. honestly I think their might be very few choices on the menu that will dissapoint.
My husband and I just ordered delivery from Fuel tonight. We had long days and needed something quick, but healthy. We ordered off Grubhub and it arrived in a very timely matter, sooner than predicted, and all items present. We paid about $35 for a gorgonzola and chicken panini and two shrimp avocado salads. 
My husband enjoyed his sandwich- the gorgonzola really helped it out by adding some flavor. I was appalled when I saw the salad. I spent almost $10 on a container full of spinach, 4 shrimp with tails still on, 2 slices of avocado, maybe 12 kernels of corn, and three strips of red onion. This is not an exaggeration at all. The vinaigrette was so bland. I had to completely doctor up the salad...even a little salt and pepper (a little- I am still keeping it healthy) would have helped out. We won't be ordering from Fuel again. SO overpriced, bland food. (healthy does not have to be bland by the way). 
I hope this review is helpful to others.
Came by a few weeks ago for lunch with my fiancée after hearing positive reviews from friends. I had the South Philly panini and it was delicious but very garlicky so if you don't like garlic, stay away.

We shared the spinach and artichoke dip and it was great. Very cheesy with just the right amount of heat and served with pita. I'd come back for this alone! 

Smoothies sounded good but looked a little pricey.

Bought a Yelp deal but the server said they couldn't accept it because they were only set up for Groupon and the manager wasn't available. This was a little frustrating but hopefully we'll be able to get our money back.
My wife and I went here today to try something new....Place had great reviews on yelp so we figured what the Hell....

We go in and the place has like 10 or so tables and just about all were filled...Figured during the day around 3pm, that's a good sign.  So our waiter greets us and he seemed a little frazzled, little did we know he was on top of all the tables...needless to say he forgot a lot and we didn't get the best service you would expect from such a place w great ratings.  It certainly wasn't the waiters fault.  However, the owner, WHAT ARE YOU THINKING?!??!?!   Have you had lunch at ur place lately?  It certainly can't be handled by one individual, that's for sure....I know you want ur waiters to make money and that's good, but are you willing to lose money over it?   Bc you will.  

Anyways, the food was great.  I had some smoked salmon panini and my wife had an eggplant one.   Very good food, and its a shame bc Im not sure ill be going back anytime soon...

Maybe I hit it on an off day, if so someone let me know and ill Gladly go back for one more chance....
I like coming to Fuel for lunch, they have a variety of quick healthy, filling options to choose from. You can take out or eat in. Vegan and gluten friendly, I usually ask about soup ingredients and they check with the chefs just to be sure!

My fav thing to get is their chicken corn chowder or sweet potato risotto! So yummy, lots of flavor and made very well. Good rice to veggie ratio! 

They also have fresh made GF and non GF desserts on hand. I've been eyeing up that flowerless chocolate cake
Good variety, affordable, good food and smoothies! Can't ask for more in a healthy sit down or to go place. Fuel has everything from juices, smoothies, salads, sandwiches, and other food options. The South Philly location is small but other than that I haven't found anything wrong with Fuel. I love their smoothies, all of which are good but I keep coming back to get the zen since it's refreshing with the cucumber. All of their food options are good, just if you get a salad maybe the sauce on the side since they put a lot in.
My partners and I decided to go here because we purchased Groupons for it. I felt like we could have had a better experience, but it was just okay. Service was extremely slow but the food was decent.

I ordered the Roasted Turkey panini (turkey breast, tomato, pesto, goat cheese, and greens). It was good, but not great. It was missing something, but can't pinpoint it exactly. Maybe a lil salt or maybe a different dressing?  I don't remember what my partners ordered, but I remember them saying the meal was decent as well.

We had two Groupons, and they wouldn't accept both. I guess we should have read the fine print before both of us purchased the deal. That was our fault.

Overall: Will we be back? Yes, because I still have a Groupon. I do hope the service improves the next time. If it does, I'll update this review, but until then, we'll see what happens.
This is a great go-to for delivery lunch or dinner. This place tries to cater to health conscious folk like myself however their sandwiches, salads, appetizers -- really everything -- are really delicious and I bet you anything you can get anyone to find something they like here. The "healthy" thing is just a bonus! 

I have a favorite lunch order (thai chicken wheat bread panini & hummus with veggies), but everything I've tried is tasty. I have to say, I LOVE hummus, and it really is a simple thing when you break it down, but this place gives some special love to their hummus. I think it has something to do with the fresh herbs and lemon zest sprinkled on top.  

I haven't hit up the juices yet, but am looking forward to that expedition!
The food and smoothies are fine. However, the young lady at the register on Sunday, 6/1, should be fired. A rude and pretentious princess.
My experiences at fuel are pretty awesome so I figured id share it incase anyone was wondering what it's like. Fuel has a light and fun atmosphere and is thoroughly enjoyable with it's freshly made and yummy food, let alone everything being under 500 calories. The service is on point and is great if you're alone and is even better with friends or family. My usual take out experience is always quick and on time. Alike with my dine in experience, the service is polite and they put up and help you with pretty much anything and everything. Overall I would recommend fuel to any age group and any size party.
Simple and great tasting food is here at FUEL.  I had the South Philly Panini with chicken, cheese, roasted red peppers, and it came with a small side salad with balsamic dressing.  The only complaint was that they burned the bread a bit.  But it was a nice size and filling.

My coworker and I also had the guacamole which was really good.

FUEL had a Yelp deal $15 for $20 which I was allowed to purchase online before ordering and use.  Nice!  I also like that they have the calorie counts.  Next time I'll try one of their fruit blend drinks.
I stopped in a while back and had the best soup I've ever had.  Rocco made a sweet potato soup that was out of this world!  There was even fruit in it to give it  some crunch.  I know it's mostly a seasonal item - consider putting it on the menu permanently!  The staff was incredibly friendly.
So far my wife and I have ordered twice from here and everything has been good. the spicy shrimp are just as advertised. the sweet pea wonton is awesome. the rice bowls seem to be our favorite.  the sweet potato risotto is great.  delivery has been good (did thru grub hub). if you are tired of the same thing and want to eat a little more healthy,  fuel is the way to go.
I've definitely enjoyed some stuff from Fuel, however, I feel as though they've disappointed me many times.  

 We order food to my work periodically and have gotten both smoothies and sandwiches.  On two separate occasions, my boss's smoothie contained a metal spoon and has also had shards of plastic floating around in another smoothie.  

Another time ordering, I got the chicken and gorgonzola (which is my usual choice because I love it) and I believe the gorgonzola was bad :(

After paying for one of my orders I tipped the delivery guy $2 for maybe a $12 bill and he responded with "that's it?"


I'm giving them 2 stars because their food is good most of the time (... when it's fresh and doesn't contain inanimate objects)
First time visitor.... I got the Fuel chopped salad w/ chicken.... everything was fresh and it tasted amazing. I would absolutely go back.
Horrible food I had in quite a while. Worse that any mall food court. Had the Korean BBQ chicken wrap. Chicken was gray and disgustingly dry!!
Nothing good about it, lack flavor and the wilted side salad was a disgrace. If I could give zero stars they earned it.
I really want to like this place. The food is excellent. The service continues to be pretty awful with every visit. It turns out that my first review was not just an off day. Every day seems to be off with the waitstaff. They are inattentive, forget parts of orders and are painstakingly slow. I'll stick to online ordering from here on out.
i would give Fuel a better review but... ugh, i just cant.
Every food item i've had there is good or better and i love the healthy spin, but the awful decor and music makes it so hard to enjoy the place. it was funny the first few times, but i cant go there anymore. its like being in a bad night club that is well-lit and lacking dancers.
only take out for me.
p.s. the turkey salad with pesto is my fave
note: the bread on the sandwiches isn't including in the calorie counts
I love this place!!!! People get anything you like it will be great than order something new and you will again trust me. Also do yourself a favor
I like the Fuel near Center City so I thought I'd give this a try. Bad decision. Disorganized, terribly long wait for a salad (30+ min for carryout for a salad...just 1 salad), and then they messed up my order. Quality of the salad was poor and I actually walked all the way back after opening up my food at home just to get a refund. I rarely do this but I felt like a fool to not. It's a shame b/c it's very busy so people obviously are looking for quick and healthy food but they are a mess.
the food is good but it is never consistence. i always order the hummus and it never tastes the same . sometimes it is full of lemon flavor and sometimes there is no lemon at all. the same go for all the food if you order it twice it never tastes the same. that being said i have never eaten anthing i have not liked
I feel duped!! 

I kept wondering how they came to their under 500 calorie claim, as it didn't seem to add up.  How can something with ingredients such meat, cheese, pesto, etc., AND bread add up to only approx 300-400 calories?  Without sacrificing relatively good flavor?? Lo and behold, on the very last page of the menu, at the bottom of the page, I see that calorie counts do NOT include bread.  How do you have a section for panini's and wraps, list calorie counts, but then state that the bread/wrap is not included??

 Well, for those of you who are calorie/carb/points counting, feel free to add at least an extra 200 calories to the listed calorie counts in the menu--bringing the calorie count for most of their panini's/wraps to well above 500 calories.  What kind of trickery and dishonesty is this??  So disappointed. Just be honest and avoid the gimmicks, Fuel!  And how about you actually list the calorie/carb  count for the panini bread/wraps that you  conveniently excluded from your menu. 

And if I'm wrong, and somehow misread or misinterpreted the menu, I would love for one of the owners to address this....if not, I'll take  your silence as an admission of guilt.
I order Fuel a fair amount because the delivery is very convenient for when I don't want to leave the office for lunch. The delivery is always very fast and the employees are nice, but to me the food can be hit or miss. Sometimes the wraps I get are very dry and somewhat bland. Even though the food doesn't wow me, I keep going back because it is so convenient, and so I have eventually found items on the menu I do really like. Their hummus is really amazing, maybe some of the best hummus I have ever had. Unfortunately, that is one of the few items I can really rave about. I often get smoothies as well, but I usually don't like them. Any smoothie with mango in it is full of mango fibers that get stuck in your teeth and are very irritating. I will probably still go back because of the convenience, but I can't really give a sparkling review.
A tale of two Fuels...(lame yelpy start, sorry)

I tried Fuel a few weeks ago for the first time and LOVED it. Our waitress was great, and I wish I could remember her name. It felt a little gym-like but whatever. It's not really a place to relax and swirl you wine glass, so atmosphere isn't a big deal. 

Ordered: Spicy shrimp skewers with creamy yogurt sauce. It was great - definitely spicy, light, refreshing, and the shrimp were cooked perfectly. 

Also, I had a TBM Stacker salad and added shrimp. It was fantastic. Filling, fresh mozz and tomatoes, and a really bright, flavorful pesto dressing. Loved it. My boyfriend had a South Philly panini, and the bite I had was pretty tasty. He also ordered a banana-pineapple-honey smoothie which was really light and yummy. We walked away really impressed, and were super excited to return, and so we did this past Thursday. 

Womp womp. It was a disaster the 2nd time. I will spare the details of our waitress's issues, but there were definitely major customer service issues. More importantly, the food was just not as good. My salad was doused in balsamic that I didn't have the first time, and while it was fine, it kind of felt like something I could have screwed up in my own kitchen and would say "eh, not my best work, but I'm not throwing this whole salad away. I'll live with it." It was really a bummer, and the waitress issues on top of that made it overall a total letdown. 

Anyway, we're going to try take out next time. I won't stop going because I really relish a dependably healthy option in our super caloric-pasta-wine-and-Mexican food neighborhood where it's easy to eat terribly. Plus, crappy nights at good restaurants happen. I'll try to hold on to how great that first batch of food was. I just hope someone works with the waitress to improve her customer service skill set.
Food ordered:
- Strawberry Spinach Salad
- South Philly Panini
- Coffee
- Espresso

Pros:
- I really like how the pecans, strawberry, cheese and spinach provide an integration of a sweet and salty flavour with crunchy texture.  
- The roasted peppers and chicken in the South Philly Panini was really juicy which balanced off with the crusty bread.
- I really like the electronic/indie music they play in the background, and there's no wait for food or service.

Cons:
- Coffee and Espresso was diluted.  When we informed the waiter, his excuse to justify the bland flavour was "oh, that's how our restaurant makes our coffee/espresso".

Recommendations:
To the waiter who served us:  Rather than acting defensive over something simple like coffee, inform the customer that you appreciate their advice and you'll pass it along to whoever brewed it.
Protein grilled cheese is a must!  This is one of the tastiest grilled cheeses I've had in a long time!  It's a classic dish, but with a twist.  There's a mixture of cheeses, tomato, and some greens.  I think what sets it apart is the cheese mixture.  There's a hint of lemon in the cream cheese or something that really brightens the flavor.  I've gotten this twice now, and it's definitely one of my favorites!  The grilled cheese comes with a little salad with a balsamic dressing on the side.
In celebration of The Yelp 100 challenge of the week to write a review update, I decided to revisit and re-write my very first Yelp review.

Tonight I ordered the toasted hummus and the roasted portabello and eggplant panini on wheat bread for delivery via Grubhub.  The estimated time was an hour and fifteen minutes, but it came in about fifteen minutes (yes, I live closeby, but I was in my jammies and didn't want to leave the house... don't judge).  I noticed that the bread was a bit thinner than I remembered, which I liked.  The roasted veggies were pretty good and there was just the right amount of cheese.  I also liked that the outside of the panini wasn't greasy.  The hummus comes with either pita or veggies.  I decided to go with the pita.  They arrived warm and toasty, which was super delicious.  The hummus has a strong taste of lemon, which I liked, but I wasn't expecting such a strong lemon taste. Good sized portion.

Overall, I think Fuel has worked out some of the growing pains they may have been experiencing last time I was here nearly three years ago.  I'm going to have to start coming to Fuel for those nights when I need a quick and healthy dinner.
I've passed by here a bunch of times but never gave it a second look.  One night on grubhub I was looking for something healthy and decided to give fuel a try.  

The Chicken Lettuce Wrap was great, not soggy at all.  It had just the right amount of spice.  We also had Toasted Hummus which seemed like it had been made fresh for our order and a Smoked Salmon Rye Bread Panini. 

I'd definitely order from them again.
It gets really smokey inside. I wish they had better exhaust. Anyway, food is very good and leans more towards the healthy side.
Fuel is interesting in the merging of a wrap/salad/panini place with sit down service. The food was quite good, specifically I had the eggplant and goat cheese wrap and the tofu and peanut butter wrap. Both did well with flavor, though the eggplant had a bit more taste between the two.

I also had the banana-berry smoothie and the mango smoothie. Both were good, but the banana had more flavor and more texture. I'd order it again if faced with just those two choices.

There were only two or three staff members, so with that in consideration, the service was quite good. In fact when I walked in, I was seated immediately.

The prices here were well below what can be expected for a place with wait-staff service. For those who say it's expensive, yes, when you compare it to dollar menus at fast food burger joints. However, this is NOT that. You think eggplant is free? Ask at McDonald's for eggplant.

Yes, the decor is a little, well, bland, but I'm not going there expecting table clothes or some kind of odd hip/funky thing going on. Clean, well lit, yes, and I got both.

Overall, quite well pleased and what I was expecting.
Food is great if your a person who stick with a nutritional plan. Definitely Gains involved lol.
Try the specials on the board outside. Always fresh and flavorful.  Kudos to the roasted eggplant and cherry tomato flatbread with feta and balsamic reduction and the sweet potato, arugula and avocado wrap!
Delivery for me took over 1 hour 15 min, which is way too long for having ordered in the middle of the day, not during peak business hours.  The food is okay, but not really worth the wait.  I ordered the griiled cheese and it really didn't have very much flavor and the bread was way too thick/overpowering.  The cheese was also barely melted.  I noticed that the menu said "nothing under 500 calories" and was happy about having a grilled cheese sandwich for 400 cals (which it's advertised at).  THEN I noticed in the fine print that that was the calorie count BEFORE bread was added.  HOW THE HELL can you even have a grilled cheese sandwich without the bread? Imagine if McDonalds were allowed to give their calorie counts for their sandwiches and not include the bread.  If you're going to advertise that it's healthy and give calorie counts, at least be accurate.  The way Fuel chose to misrepresent the information on their food is ridiculous and bordering on dishonest.  Also, the salad that came with my grilled cheese and the salad my friend got as a meal already had the dressing on it, so by the time we got it the salad leaves were completely soggy and wilted.  I really don't recommend this place at all and was sorely disappointed.
We had a great experience at Fuel tonight. We had never been to the Passayunk restaurant and we were super impressed by the cozy decor (much cozier than the Walnut Street location). The food was great and very reasonably priced. We started with tofu lettuce wraps (my least favorite item of the evening because they didn't have too much flavor other than a lot of pepper). My two dining partners had smoothies (I tried both) and they were both great. One had peanut butter, yogurt, and a few other things - it was incredible! The other one had pineapple, cucumber, and something else, which was refreshing but a bit icy. For sandwiches we had the TBM with chicken and the portabello and eggplant (subbed goat cheese for the mozzarella). The sandwiches were absolutely delicious. The ingredients at fuel are super fresh and everything tastes pretty healthy. A great go-to place for good food at a good price.
Been ordering take out from Fuel for some time now.  I find the food to be great lunch options.  Appreciate the lettuce wraps!

Im sure a lot goes into it but I feel they should take the prices of the smoothies down by a buck.  Today I spent $40 on one Fiji water, an avocado shake (very good!), and two rice bowls.
Typically a huge fan of Fuel and I order takeout from them after long work days/nights when I don't want to cook. Tonight, I stopped by for a quick bite before the Phillies game and was not impressed. My girlfriend and I both ordered the turkey burger and sweet potato fries. The turkey burger was ... maybe 3 ounces and the fries were slices of a baked sweet potato. I know the fries were baked but they didn't even try to bake them a bit crispier. Needless to say we are both on our way to the game planning to get some Chickies and Petes fries which we were trying to avoid but...hanger. 

There was another table of women there who seemed to ask about portion sizes of everything and generally weren't happy. I'm hoping it was just a really bad night because I don't want to lose the only healthy place in South Philly!
My boyfriend and I order from here A LOT. I am absolutely shocked to see other reviewers complaining about slow delivery... my experience is consistently the exact opposite. In fact, on multiple occasions, the knock at the door has tricked me into thinking there was a murderer out there because it couldn't possibly be Fuel delivering my food already! But nope -- it was just the friendly delivery person giving me my delicious, healthy, dinner.

The food is good. I don't think it is anything mind-blowing or life-changing, but it's nice to order something that's healthier. I'm a vegetarian, and have tried most of the vegetarian options on the entire menu. The only thing that has ever disappointed me is that the greens of my salad get wilty because they're put in the same container as something hot.

I've never been to the restaurant, only done delivery, so I can't speak to the decor or atmosphere. But I definitely like the food and the consistency of the delivery.
Awesome place for a healthy home cooked meal when you don't feel like doing it yourself. I have a falafel burger which was delicious but I got it on a wheat bun and I wished I had got it on the flat rest or something with a harder texture to contrast the soft felafel burger. My boyfriend got the Parmesan risotto and OMG he definitely picked better. So incredible. Definitely worth every penny. It's definitely a bit pricier here then I expected but overall I was happy with what I got for it. And do yourself a favor and order the creme brûlée cheesecake for desert!
Their food is absolutely delicious! Quick delivery, friendly service and the most creative food you can imagine! The cure for the common meal!
My girlfriend and I visited the Passyunk location on April 22. Place was empty. We had been wanting to try it for so long so i was really excited. Off the bat wasn't too impressed with the menu. But they had a chicken barbecue salad that looked great so i ordered that. My gf ordered the southphilly panini. After ordering i went to use the bathroom. The only bathroom is a unisex bathroom behind the counter almost that is shared with employees. As I was approaching a worker walked out and I walked in. The smell of absolute horrible diarrhea was so bad I had to leave immediately. If they're going to have one single toilet for everyone they should probably invest in a ventilation system or at the very least some spray! Ugh it really turned my stomach. When we got our food I instantly started to feel even more sick. The cheddar cheese in my salad was cut into little stick.....and you know how if you leave cheese sit out it changes to a darker color and gets hard? THAT is exactly how all of my cheese was! Hard, and discolored! I showed my gf and she started to look at it but stopped and then pointed out the pubic hair in my salad. I was absolutely disgusted. Another customer had come in and was at the counter. There were what seemed to be 10 employees behind the counter and I really didn't want to bring my salad up to them in front of the customer. So we just sat there for about 10 minutes waiting for the waitress to check on us. She finally came over and asked how everything was. I showed her the hair. Her first response was "im sorry, I can probably get it discounted for you." I'm still not sure what that meant. I told her that i hadn't eaten it at all, and my gf hadn't eaten her food and we really just would like to pay for our drinks and leave. She offered another salad, (as she should have from the start) but I refused showing her the hard old cheese in my salad. She apologized again and confirmed she would bring us a check and just charge for the drinks. She brought the check and now says "ok so it's just for the sandwich and the drinks" my gf and I look at each other. The waitress walks away. She puts 15$ on the table to pay for absolutely nothing as we try to figure out where to go now for lunch. Completely disgusting. Would not recommend. Wouldn't go back. Employees should be trained on how to deal wit these situations. Should not have had to pay for a sandwich when we now had to go elsewhere for lunch. Also, not feeling too good about their care and prep of food considering that cheese was sitting out somewhere for a long time behind that counter.
Love love this place!  The TBM pesto is delish, the service is great and we love Rocco and how he comes to the table to check on you.  This place is a great concept and there should be more of them throughout the city- in fact we told Rocco this on our last visit there - we hope he succeeds!
I've never actually been to this Fuel but I order delivery from here and it's always very delicious.  My 2 favorites are the chicken teriyaki rice bowl and the Delicious Kale Salad.  The kale salad is surprisingly delicious, as advertised.  The only disappointing thing was when I added shrimp to the kale salad I only got 3 pieces of shrimp for $3.  However, the shrimp is amazing.  But you get A LOT more chicken for $3.
Solid choice for any meal!

We ordered lunch from the South Philly location (located on E. Passyunk) and it was simply delicious! I love that the whole menu takes into account the "health factor," but doesn't skimp on taste. Each menu item is marketed as under 500 calories and I appreciate that the nutritional information is readily available so I am making a health informed decision for lunch. The dishes are unique in the sense that all the ingredients are fresh, and there are slight variations from options you may be familiar with - case in point, the goat cheese infused guac!

I ordered the Asian Crunch salad with the peanut vinaigrette. It was hearty and filling without making you feel bad about yourself. The portion was ample, filled with brown rice, arugula, broccoli, carrots, peppers, garbanzo beans, I added jalapeños for some kick, and can't forget the crunchy noodles that add just the right amount of texture complimenting the vegetables. 

I'm glad this place is close by and being a vegetarian the options on the menu are plentiful! I haven't dined in yet, but I definitely will be exploring more of their menu, especially the smoothies!
Let me say that this place serves great healthy food! The prices are reasonable especially considering the mountain of guilt you are avoiding by eating here instead of the hundreds of cheesesteak and hoagie shops in the area.
The food here is always fresh and really good. They have the best hummus! I don't quite understand why the portions are so small here compared to the one on walnut street though. Not sure how that can be when they give you the nutrition and calorie count and the difference in portion size would definitely play a role in it.  But other than that, yay I am a fan!
First off I would just like to say I was put on hold which okay thats fine it happens... but then the girl answers the phone and as I am placing my order she is talking to people walking in at the same time and keeps saying "mhm" to me like now I have to repeat myself because you're not actually listening to what I am saying so I had to repeat my order THREE times and yet she continues to talk with others while on the phone with me. Mind you, this is for one item! I mention I would like the wrap and the side salad separate, she tells me she doesn't understand what I mean and they have nothing to wrap up my spin dip wrap with. So I suggested it was fine to put it in two small separate containers and this is the "side salad" I received...now for anyone that eats here you know its a SIDE salad but come on this is just ridiculous not to mention embarrassing. I gave the sloppy wrap away and threw out the couple pieces of spring mix I got as my "side salad". Fuel has pretty good food but come on guys...it wasn't even busy when I picked up. You can do better.
Tacky decor, mediocre food and a careless staff who didn't seem very knowledgable with the menu.
I was at a remote location and was tired of all the hum-drum fast food places that I totally AVOID! I used GrubHub and Fuel popped up! SOOOOOO GLAD it did! 

It was so simple to order the food, and the selections were of the cleanest, high quality ingredients! I had the white tuna with arugula salad, and the sweet potato fries with the spicy ketchup! I don't eat ketchup, but I certainly ate theirs because it was AWESOME! 

But the MOST impressive part of their establishment was the delivery guy, Gil! I had given him the wrong address, and he not only called and helped me with the right location, but he was so gracious! He had not one ounce of impatience or anger! I really appreciated that!
Wanting to change up my usual lunch routine and have something rather light, I came here from a suggestion from a co-worker. First off, the parking around this area during lunchtime was very easy, however coin-metered parking so be prepared. The location itself is a bit small, but suitable for it's counterparts around the area. We faced no problem getting served quickly which is always a plus. The menu itself is a bit daunting, the font is in different sizes with a weird color scheme and it's very hard to choose off of so many options what you want, but the good thing is that everything seems great and healthy here.

The 'catch' with this chain is that most, if not all of the items are 500 or less calories, and you are not cutting in portion size at all. My one major concern was, will I be full? I ordered a falafel burger in a lettuce wrap with a side of sweet potato fries, which came with a side salad. Getting a lettuce wrap might have been a mistake since it was hard to eat with my hands, but the flavor itself was so fresh and delicious. The burger itself and the fries were steaming hot right from the oven, I've never seen that before in a fast-casual restaurant. The fries were not oily or fattening, but was pure sweet potato. 

Overall with the holiday season approaching, if you're like me, you're trying to cut back a bit and shed a few pounds before the indulging season occurs, this is a great place to get your fill of some wholesome delicious high quality food.
Eh. I was not very impressed with here. I came on a Friday night around 9:30pm and there were a few people here. It smelled good in here so I was excited to try it out. Food was ready quick and smelled yummy in the car. However my olfactory sense was tricked because the food did not remotely taste as good as it smelled. The Thai chicken sandwich was rather dry and had WAY too much basil on it. I took the basil off and it still had a very strong basil taste. The South Philly panini was surprisingly greasy and the panini bread was very chewy.
The banana whip was yummy as well as the raspberry NSA tea.
I definitely would not go out of my way to eat here again, and would travel out of my way across the Ben to Washington Twp NJ to Musclemaker grill before coming back here.
if i wanted to eat something gross while listening to jock jams i'd hit up a 5th grade gym class.
Very disappointed!i know fuel(used love it)4many years.but what happen to you guys?i understand we all struggle at this times.but calling it a Thai sandwich with toast bread.and calling it healthy.are you joking?chicken was not fully cooked.nothing was crunchy(besides the salad)everything tasted awful.the peanut sauce made the bread mushy.sorry will not return ever
Tried them for the first time tonight. Delivery estimate on Grubhub said an hour but it came in about 25. That's a plus off the bat. I ordered the deconstructed guacamole salad and my sister got the Spanish shrimp & the sweet pea wontons.  Came to $35 total (sub:$30.08) with tip. Very good overall. I just was expecting my citrus-jalapeno dressing to have more of a kick. Will order again soon. :)
I love this place because it is healthy, fast and has nice variety.  the delivery staff is prompt and polite.  it is my 'go-to' meal option during the week.  
i love the key lime pie; always eat it first... and the grilled cheese is amazing.  
it's good stuff.
super hip all natural health joint, you will probably notice the raw power of "Jock JAMS" blasting your hunger out of your body. The power of club beats fills you with the urge to dance instead of eating. If this was not enough, your appetite will barf out of your eye balls when you see the color scheme of this restaurant. It makes patrons wonder where in the world they found a bold enough interior designer to incorporate neon purple, greens and red, accented by sheer shimmery fabric draped over the walls, and then decorated with art not even fit for Persian night club. however the food was alright, i had the smoked turkey "sadwich" . the bread was so hard it cut open the roof of my mouth, and it is in my opinion that the free side salad should not trump the main course of the meal. The roasted corn guacamole was ok but the chips tasted like tostitos they refried for a seconds, and there was barley a table spoon of corn on top, hardly part of the course, and more of a garnish. i would suggest eating here, if you get it delivered.
The best thing about FUEL--specifically the Passyunk avenue location , which is the one I've been going to for years --isn't really even the clean , healthy , simple fuel --the gem is --THE STAFF. I have never had a grumpy person here . They demonstrate service well above the price tag --that has always been the case .
Today was no exception , as the young lady went the extra distance not just to shout out my order , but to walk it over to where I was waiting . This may not seem like a big deal , but especially in covid times , this definitely did not go unnoticed . On top of it , I asked for a small side of feta , salsa , and dressing (all which I was prepared to pay for ) she said she couldn't provide a side of the salsa unless I paid for a normal order . However , she not only spent a few minutes dishing out those two little things into ramekins for me (rather than just asking her kitchen staff who were busy--this always speaks volumes to me because I think she was the manager and wasn't afraid to jump in and help )
She also delivered this to me cheerfully which is no small thing because I could honestly say that it's a bit of a pain in the ass --

The thing that differentiates this business to me --is recognizing the difference between "policy " and keeping a good customer . I am quite sure they don't make a habit of this , but she said just to take it since it was such a tiny amount .

Now many businesses would have charged .50 cents to a dollar and I totally appreciate too --however , I got the feeling that she just made an exception as a customer service gesture .

This makes me come back again and again and again /-not because I think they are going to do this every time --nor do I want them to --but because many business would have tripped over dollars to pick up nickels or been rude .

She wasn't --and that to me is the perfect difference between recognizing when to flex a "policy " from time to time --just to build goodwill and client service .

For this reason , they will make a lot more money on me as a repeat customer who will go out of the way to patronize them over others .

Many businesses today could take a page out of their book . They'd make a lot more money over the long haul .

Mostly just the attitude overall is what is so welcome .

You get the feeling (hopefully ) they treat their employees well --as usually this trickles down from the top .
I wanted to really like FUEL but I didn't. 

The decor is edgy, hip, shiny and has thumping dance muzak. They boast sandwiches under 500 calories, but don't include bread in the count, so the calorie count is in line with sandwiches available other places. They make liberal use of deep fried foods and cheese, both calorie killers.

The menu flags many items as "award winning" but never says what they won or who awarded the prize.

The decor is high energy and would be ok for lunch but for dinner was a bit too bright and sparkly. I'd probably go back one more time, but I'm not in a rush.

On a recent weeknight our server was SUPER hyper and didn't communicate with us as much as stand in front of talking as fast as she could, unsettling. She kept apologizing, for what we weren't sure.

We opted to split the starter combo of "award winning pea wonton," hummus, and roast corn guacamole for $9.99. It was presented in a charming fashion and served with a side of greasy deep friend tortilla chips (cause they care about calories yo).

The hummus was heavy, gritty and tasted canned. So did the neon green guacamole which was adorned with roasted corn kernels. The "award winning pea wonton" was just mushy peas with deep fried wonton skins  stuck in it. 

We both ordered "award winning Thai sandwiches" one tofu and one chicken. They arrived with a large and nicely dressed mesculin mix. The wrap sandwich was tasty but didn't taste exceptional or award winning. The sauce was a slippery watered down hoison not creamy peanut based. The crunchy noodles in the sandwich were probably deep fried and it was one of the few sandwiches that didn't come with cheese.

We both ordered a fresh juice with a charming name and for $3 it was a tasty refreshing treat.

We didn't order any of the deserts that were pushed upon us.

In summation, FUEL has nice juice and ok sandwiches. The calorie hook is merely a hook. They seem to rely on pre-prepared foods and sauces. Their sandwiches, though filling, didn't leave one with the wholesome, homemade flavor that a sandwich from MAZZA does.
Outdoor chairs for 2 but no service and no fun. although the food was tasty, there are many other places you can go and get service with your meal.
Let's just say I won't ever be ordering from here again. Even though the delivery was fast, this is my SAD looking "panini". I ordered the sweet chili chicken panini that was supposed to have cheddar and fresh basil on it which it had neither. Also I asked for wheat bread and it came on white. Also just look how sad this "panini" looks. I paid $10 where I could've made this at home for about $2. It was literally just a grilled chicken bread on white bread drenched in sweet chili sauce. Extremely disappointed.
It's so great to have a place you can run and grab a meal and never sacrifice flavor for your waistline. 

Fuel serves up healthy foods (though its best to stick with the salads if you're counting carbs because the calorie information for sandwiches does not include the bread.) The Strawberry Spinach Salad (with Grilled Chicken added in) is where I live! 
Always be sure to check the specials board or ask when calling - you might hit the crazy salad jackpot.

Points for convenience as they take LevelUp at the register, and its never more than a 15 minute turnaround for a takeout order.
Delicious - Unique tastes and Low Cal too!!! Great concept with everything 500 cals or less! Everything I have tried has been excellent and memorable. Highlights include the Smoked Salmon Pannini (so good it is hard to order anything else), Hot Chocolate, and Tortilla Soup. 

Nice atmosphere filled with pleasant surprises - for example, the soup dishes were as hip as the soup itself. 

I look forward to going back soon and bringing friends and family!
Getting my hair done across the street and was starving once My hair was done. Inquired about the restaurant and received an outstanding recommendation. Small but clean restaurant. Acknowledged by the staff as soon as I arrived. Informed of daily special. Ordered the eggplant and goat cheese wheat wrap. The wrap came with a salad and the balsamic vinaigrette salad 
dressingwas very good. The wrap was a little dry. The eggplant was very good along with the roasted peppers. I will return for breakfast/brunch on a Sunday. I
corona quarantine delivery meal: SUCCESS 

Ordered through grub hub and the order arrived exactly when the app said. 

We ordered :

the chicken teriyaki bowl: initial thoughts were that there was way too much rice and not enough broccoli. You can see this from the photo, too. Chicken was good but needs more Broccoli and less rice! 

Fuel turkey burger: ordered this without pickled relish or a pickle. Pictured you can see the Patty is a turkey burger which was absolutely seasoned deliciously, and it was topped with melted feta and tatziki. The lettuce was crisp! the sweet potato fries are more like sliced baked sweet potato with a delicious peppercorn seasoning. They don't resemble fries, they feel much more healthy than that! I was pleasantly surprised! 
They served a small salad on the side and gave me a little bit of balsamic dressing which was perfect! Next time I wish there was no onions on the salad. ** I was able to order this with gluten-free bread! They even offer just a lettuce bun option. VERY MUCH APPRECIATED FOR DIETERS. 

Hummus: * I ordered this with gluten-free chips, and specifically requested that. And it still came with pita. So I was pretty bummed about that because I'm gluten-free preferably. However the lemon on the hummus gave it a great flavor! I might try adding lemon to my own hummus from now on.

Iced coffee: it was wrapped in saran wrap but was tilted in our bag and spilled coffee everywhere. So when it comes to packaging and shipping, that was a fail but that seems like it was on Grubhub, not Fuel. 

Will be back!!
