One of the most amazing bento box lunch deals you can get anywhere in the country.  You get soup, salad, asian veggies, dumplings, sushi, and lots of whatever protein you order plus more rice.  I ordered the sushi bento box and it could have easily been split with another person, but of course I ate it all by myself ... weight loss goals here I come... My mom also ordered some gyozas which were fried perfectly to a crisp that I also hoarded onto my plate.  Everything was fresh, cleanly presented, and absolutely delicious. 

The quality of the sushi was great and I can't wait to go back to get more sushi rolls.  They also have a killer happy hour with $4 rolls - umm yes.  I will be back again.
Everything was good - my issue is that just because an item has the same name as in another restaurant doesn't mean it will be the same item. The valentine roll at one sushi restaurant will not be the same as in another but that's not the restaurant's fault it was mine for not reading the item descriptions closely enough. Again, everything was delicious and everyone was nice and professional. Prices are a dollar or two higher per item in comparison to other sushi restaurants in the neighborhood. They have a liquor license which is awesome! They are very strict about COVID restrictions so you can't sit at the sushi bar and the restaurant is a little dark but cozy. I remember Fuji's ambiance and decor being a little more appealing before the pandemic but the food and staff are just as nice as in the before times. And they have karaoke! What more could you want? :)
Clearly, I am in the minority, but I was underwhelmed by Fuji Mountain.  The meal started with a plate of complimentary edamame.  No complaints there but I don't know that it's possible to have strong feelings one way or the other about steamed soy beans with salt.

Next up was the house salad with ginger sesame dressing.  It's one thing to eat a salad with chopsticks, and do so gracefully.  It's another to eat large leaves of dressing-covered lettuce with chopsticks.  The salad was good, but due to the awkwardness of it all, I quit midway through.  

For me, the pinnacle of Fuji Mountain was their clear soup.  It was served in a large bowl and had a huge scallop at the bottom.  

Our rolls arrived soon after the soup.  There were five total: a California, tuna, spicy tuna, spicy yellowtail, and one other tuna variation.  I tried one bite of each, and had a really hard time deciding which roll, if any, I liked enough for a second round.  The rice was perfectly sticky but completely took over.  The fish itself was a little too room temperature for my liking and comparable in quality to the stuff at Wegman's.  Don't get me wrong, I love the Weg's but when I'm at a Japanese restaurant I expect something a little better.    

The mochi that ended our meal was great but tiny.  I'm talking "the body of Christ, Amen" size.  

On the plus side, our service was great, and I adore any Japanese restaurant that makes a practice of shouting out a greeting to clientele.  Fuji Mountain wasn't my cup of green tea, but they certainly have many loyal fans who love the place so I wish them well.
I came, I saw, I had a whole room doing gang vocals to "Livin' on a Prayer" by Bon Jovi!

For a fun filled karaoke party with plenty of sushi and shochu it doesn't get much better than Fuji Mountain. The party room well accommodated our party of 20+ and came with comfortable red couches, good lighting, its own bathroom, and a nice sized video screen. Along with plenty of shochu and sake options the drink menu yielded a decent variety of wines, cocktails, and beers like Kirin Ichiban and Dogfish Head 60 Min IPA for decent prices. And the food menu touted the decent sized portions of the sushi, dumpling, and noodle dishes that you'd expect.

The one issue I could give was that the karaoke book was listed by song title instead of artist, making them harder to navigate through. I was also sad to see some essential songs that you'd expect to see in such a book like "White Wedding" by Billy Idol and "Psycho Killer" by Talking Heads missing. And while it was completely weird and perfectly random, I did love the odd vignettes that played during the songs, and wondered what romantic yet tragically awkward situations we could lead the characters in them through. 

Whether you're someone who just likes singing along to the chorus with a bunch of people, or you prefer to belt out the high notes of "Don't Stop Believing" by Journey (guilty!), Fuji Mountain is a whole lot of fun.
The fact that Fuji Mountain has fewer than four stars completely boggles my mind. I have yet to find a Japanese restaurant in Philly that I like more, and I have even been to the infamous Morimoto.

Here is my opinion on all of the menu items I've tried (and can recall at this moment):

Kinoko Soup
I tried this hearty mushroom soup during Restaurant Week for the first time and loved it. It's a perfect start to a meal on a cold winter day. The price though is a bit steep for a soup serving only one.

Triple 'S' Scallop
The first time I had this dish the scallops were perfectly seared. The second time, however, they were overcooked and rubbery. I have not ordered this dish since because I fear a repeat of the latter experience.

Holiday Specialty Roll
Anyone who dines with me knows that I am not a fan of fusion sushi rolls. I just think that between the layers of toppings and sauces, the real star of the dish - the fish - gets lost. Yet Fuji has managed to sway me to the dark side with the Holiday Specialty Roll. In this roll, the spicy yuzu sauce and avocado complement rather than mask the taste of the salmon and white tuna.

Nabeyaki Udon
This is beyond doubt my favorite dish at Fuji Mountain. The dashi broth is savory and just a little sweet. The udon noodles are thick and chewy. The toppings - fried bean curd, shirataki noodles, spinach, mushrooms, and fish cake - are plentiful and offer contrasting textures. The tempura is served on the side, preventing the outside from becoming soggy. Man, I really want to be eating this right now!

Zaru Soba
I like to think of this dish as the budget-friendly option at Fuji Mountain. If you are a fan of cold noodles and simple flavors, the zaru soba is a very good choice. I believe it comes with shrimp tempura.

Unaju
Grilled eel served atop a bed of well-seasoned sushi rice, served with an assortment of Japanese pickles. What's not to like?! Well, there's one thing: the chef places several small pieces of unagi atop the rice instead of long pieces. It makes me wonder if the unagi is grilled in house or not. Overall, a solid dish though!

Chicken Katsu Lunch Bento
This is probably the only item on the menu that I wouldn't think about ordering again. The time I tried it the chicken was dry and the accompanying gyoza oily.

Chirashi
Okay, let's start off by saying that Philadelphia is not New York and it is definitely NOT Tokyo. I do not expect to eat sashimi in a city that is only just beginning to establish its food reputation and be magically transported to my happy place. However, the fish at Fuji Mountain is the freshest and best tasting I've had in Philadelphia next to the uber expensive Morimoto. I often get the chirashi here because it's cheaper than the sushi entrees, yet more than fills me up. 

O-toro
Like I said, this is Philadelphia. The o-toro is just okay. 


I think what I like most about Fuji Mountain is that they manage to execute an extensive menu well. As you can see, I've tried many dishes, but have never had anything bad. If you're willing to spend a little extra I highly recommend eating here!
I love when I can go to a sushi place and get sake AND vegg sushi that is flavorful.. 

this place is great. amazing service, really cool atmosphere... however we were seated right in front of the bathroom.. which weirded me out.. There was no seating downstairs? perhaps because it was after 10? no idea


upstairs is pretty neat they had music going you could hear when the doors opened.. however it was loud when opened but must be sound proof bc it wasn't heard when the doors were shut so it wouldn't interrupt, or annoy you

food came out quickly, prices were decent..I'll be back!
Fuji Mountain is a chic, multi-level Japanese restaurant that offers a sushi bar, cocktail bar, and karaoke. (Don't have time to sit? You can take advantage of their take out service, purchase party trays, or arrange for event catering.) Friends set up a karaoke social here some time ago and it was a success.

I've been here with friends for dinner awhile ago. Service was slow, but friendly. Their menu isn't the cheapest around, but everything their dependable kitchen turns out - cooked or otherwise - satisfies. My udon yaki ($13), pan fried noodles with beef, vegetables, and ginger, was a winner. Their sushi is fresh, do try the Hamachi (yellowtail; $6/roll). If you want even better sushi, check out Zento (in Old City), or Blue Fin (Plymouth Meeting, PA).
The finest thing about dining out with a chef is the neat menu items they introduce you to. We hit up Fuji Mountain on the late side last week after several beers at nearby Resurrection Ale House awoke our hunger for raw fish. 

Wasabi pork shumai and Matsu, a huge sushi boat for three, made the must-order list immediately. Our chef friend also suggested we get the grilled hamachi kama, which he explained was the "collar" of the big fish.  Picture a rounded V-shaped bone between the fish's head and gills, packed with sweet meat. 

Asahi Dry for $5 whet our palates for the showstopping kama, which had been grilled just enough to release the aromatics and savory texture of the meat without being dry. Wasabi pork shumai were tender, spicy pillows, and the sushi boat ($78 and enough for three ravenous beasts like us) satisfied with a wide range of fishes in sushi and sashimi form, plus two rolls -- shrimp tempura and California.  

Our sweet server was adorably clad in kimono with a disharmonious black apron tied over it.  She kept us full up on brews and water and split the check on two credit cards with speed.  An absolutely gluttonous and beery meal for three was $147 before tip.
Not just the best late night Sushi in Philadelphia, Fuji Mountain is on par with any Sushi in Philly. I can't recommend this place enough.
Being one of the few sushi restaurants with a full bar, and open late hours, this sushi restaurant is more unique than the others. It was Sunday 9pm, and I wanted sushi. Everywhere was closing except Fuji Mountain, open til 2am!? Score. I think its because they do karaoke upstairs on certain nights. 

We dined upstairs, had some nice wine, and delicious wasabi shumai dumpling appetizer.  I love the wasabi!  For sushi rolls, we ordered 2 special rolls; one from the specials menu with spicy tuna, mango, avocado, and other stuff I can't remember. It was delicious. Our other special roll had white tuna outside, and some crispy tempura inside, with avocado, and some other things. That was delicious also. All the special roll choices looked delicious, however each were around $13-$15 per roll, which is pretty steep.

We ordered a kitchen dinner plate also, the ahi tuna steak entree with asparagus and hash brown potatoes. The potatoes were amazing, but the ahi tuna was very bland, and nothing special. It needed some crispy outside, or blacked seasoning char on it, anything.  $30.

Overall, go here for sushi, don't order the kitchen entree. Sushi is a tad pricey, but very delicious. And the convenient hours here can't be beat! Great sushi, great service. I've been here a few times before and will come back again!
I dined here with a friend last night for dinner.  The food was superb; fish was very fresh and very delicately sliced.  It was portioned very evenly so I MUST give many kudos to the chef.

SERVICE;
However, the service was...  okay.  My waitress was very nice and hospitable.  ...but, I had to ask where some of my food disappeared to quite often; I had ordered uni and I had to ask for that because she seemed to have forgotten.  I also ordered an entree that included soup OR salad (she didn't ask me which I'd like to have).  I had thought the entrees would come with the both, but I guess not.  I received my entrees but none of the accompaniments, and had to ask for it.  As a waitress/waiter, I'd think that  they would've known the menu well enough to ask the customers " :) would you like soup or salad with that?"

FOOD;
My friend ordered Tuna Tataki, and that was an excellent dish.  It was a joy watching her eat  :).  At $10, it was well worth it.

For entrees, I ordered Chirashi (assortment of sashimi atop a bed of sushi rice) and Unaju (broiled eel atop a bed of rice and some pickled vegetables).  Both were delicious.  My friend enjoyed the eel, having never tried it before.  I'm glad to have ordered it for her.  However, I must say that some parts of my eel were a wee bit charred.  :'(  that made me kinda sad, because I love Unaju.  On the other hand, the Chirashi was superb; beautifully plated, proportioned slices of FRESH fish, perfectly prepared and seasoned sushi rice... It was amazing.    Both entrees went for $23; the Chirashi was worth it, though the Unaju could have been cooked better.

I had also ordered Uni.  Apparently, they were fresh; shipped in that morning.  And it tasted like it as well.  It was well worth the wait, though I wished I didn't HAVE TO wait.  At $8 for two shots of uni, it was well worth it.  It's not every day you come by FRESH uni.  

OVER ALL, I had an enjoyable dinner.  I will come again, because I know that with time, experience and attention from the waiting staff could only improve, and I would hope that their service will rise to higher heights, matching the level of the good food.  :)   

Good restaurant, I recommend it!
I grew up in Hawaii, surrounded by amazing Japanese cusine and stuffing my face with sushi at every chance I could get. It's a top 3 food for me.  I admit since I've moved away, I've eaten sushi all over the country and have settled for less because of how much I crave it all the time. I tell myself, "Pretty good for the midwest" or "Well good considering we're not near an ocean". But here in Philly, where the ocean is an hour or so away, the quality has gone up again! (yay)

I think that the quality of food here is excellent, but you pay for what you are eating. I'm not saying back home its extremely cheap, but less than what I paid here. The sashimi share plate for 3 was very very good. 7 or 8 types of fish to try for each person, but...$79. I think it is extremely worth it, but I understand other people dont feel the same way (esp if you dont like the raw fish thing). We had 2 specialty rolls for $30 (soo good) and tempura fried ice cream for desert. I'd say if anything was a miss, it was the icecream. 

I'll definitely be back again. The service was great and the food was superb. Cost is an issue but sushi and sashimi are never cheap. Best sushi I've had in Philly so far. As close as you can get to Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokoyo, Japan while living here, although I've heard great things about Bluefin and need to try it.
feel torn leaving this review as everyone here is hard working and pleasant, attentive, and very very nice. 

Well. It seems Japanese but it doesn't really go to the bone for me. My chicken felt like dennys. Maybe it was just my chicken. The seaweed salad was not fresh made. It was the sugared kind. 

It feels family owned and is clean.  Fine for a pinch. 

So- maybe it's ok for a business lunch that needs to be quick but if you're expecting authentic Japanese this isn't it. It is close but not 4 star.
I came here last Saturday for some late night sushi with my significant other and I was really surprised by the great service we had! Not saying that I've had bad experiences before, but I've been here a few times, but this last visit really made me like the place even more.

After getting off work at 11pm (I work as a server myself), I was really craving sushi so I called almost every sushi place in Center City/Market East that was still open. The only ones that were, were Yaki or Fuji Mountain, so I came here instead of the later. I've been here before, but never on a late Saturday, so I was expecting it to be packed, as Yaki always is, but surprisingly, it wasn't. I was escorted upstairs and was told that I'd have to wait about 10 minutes before I could get a table, which was fine as I was waiting for my boyfriend to arrive. I was welcomed to sit at the bar where I ordered a drink until my table was ready.

My boyfriend and I ordered the Agedashitofu and the Take for Two, which includes sushi, sashimi, and a special roll. The agetofu wasn't anything of the extraordinary, but we're pretty biased as to how we like our agetofu. However, the Take for Two was amazing! The fish was super fresh and it basically melted in our mouths. It was also the right amount of food as well. My boyfriend and I are both servers and we even chatted with our server for a bit afterwards. Apparently, we had some mutual friends!

Definitely willing to come back here again and try out any of the other platters!
Sushi was good and the service was good. Mellow atmosphere. I didn't expect this, but the Philly roll stood out for me. They also gave us a plate of complimentary sweet shrimp sushi after our appetizer which was nice! For dessert, we had the chocolate cake and the banana w/ green tea, and both were DELICIOUS.
Solid. The sushi and sashimi were really excellent, even to or maybe better than Raw. The ambience was a little weird - oddly superficial and ingenuine (we were on the first floor - what are the other two floors like?). Pricey.
I was looking for quick lunchtime delivery and decent sushi for a good price. I definitely found just that. The sushi was good - nothing extraordinary, but if you're looking for good quality, this is a good place. Their menu has some variety and the fish was fresh. Prices were reasonable.  I got the Arizona, Negi Toro and Philly rolls. I was very happy with the proportions - they didn't skimp on fish. They also gave me extra ginger, which was great. The delivery man was right on time.  It was very convenient to be able to order online and know exactly what the price would be before I ordered. I will definitely order again.  Only regret was not bringing more cash down for a better tip!
I went here for a late night dinner with a friend. This place is open late, which is super helpful. We sat in the upstairs area, and it was very chill and had comfortable booth seating. Our waiter was very nice and accommodating, and immediately gave us complimentary glasses of water. For sushi, I got a tropical roll, inari, spicy tuna roll, and spicy salmon roll. The inari and the spicy tuna roll were definitely my favorite, and to die for! The fish here is so fresh! If you don't like a super fishy taste or less tender and fresh fish however, you may not like this place. For dessert, we got green tea mocha. It was AMAZING! Definitely get the mocha here!!!! The prices are definitely pricey, however, it is Rittenhouse square. If you are looking for a nice sushi dinner in the city, I would recommend coming here!
Came here for the first time this past weekend and it may be my favorite sushi place in Center City!  We ordered the Shrimp Tempura, Spicy Scallop, Arizona (spicy yellowtail), and the Mexico (shrimp/avocado) rolls, all of which were delicious but the scallop was especially good. You can tell the fish was very fresh, no chewiness at all-felt like it just melted in your mouth. YUM.  The rolls we ordered were on the lower end of the price range ($6-$9 compared to others that were around $12-$15) but they definitely didn't taste that way! 
We also tried the shumai and veg. spring roll appetizers, which were good but not the best I've ever had. 
Also, the atmosphere was nice and our waitress was very attentive. When we were leaving we had to walk past the sushi counter in the front and I think every sushi chef (there were at least 4) said some variation of "thanks for coming" and "have a good night" to us. I was already satisfied with their food but the great customer service is what sold me even more on this restaurant. Definitely will be going back!
This review is for takeout ordered via Grubhub. Tonight we decided that we wanted to order takeout and eat outside to enjoy the well deserved day of nice weather this Memorial Day weekend. We decided on sushi, but since neither of us had a go to spot in the Graduate Hospital neighborhood, we took to Grubhub to find something closely. Fuji Mountain was offering free delivery and had good reviews so we went for it!

We shared the large size house salad, vegetable spring rolls, and vegetable gyoza. It's hours later and I am still thinking about how delicious that ginger dressing was. We both agreed that this was one of the best ginger dressings we have had. The spring rolls stayed crispy and the veggie filling was great! I loved that the gyoza veggies included edamame. Yum!

I ordered a California roll and asked to have cream cheese added. Sometimes my requests via Grubhub get ignored, but Fuji Mountain was able to accommodate. The roll was fresh and delicious. It was six huge pieces! 

I can't wait to order from Fuji Mountain again. I' so glad to have found a go to place nearby.
I'm going to be honest; I don't really go to this place to eat. So, nowhere in this review will I be able to offer a detailed critique on the food, and specifically the quality of the sushi at Fuji Mountain. When I'm hungry and I happen to be there, I usually go with a pork katsu, served with miso soup and a house salad with a delicious ginger peanut dressing I have to steal. It's all generally tasty. As for the fish, I can only say it's about as tasty as sushi gets for someone like me, who doesn't really pursue sushi as a culinary treat. That's just me.

The Fuji Mountain experience for me started when I was hanging out with my brother in Rittenhouse, waiting for his wife/my sister-in-law to get out of dance class at Koresh. We decided that we were far too sober for three in the afternoon for our unemployed-in-the-summer selves, and looked for the closest place to have a drink.

This is where we met Sam. Sam is a bar manager at Fuji's, and usually can be seen running the show on their 2.5th floor bar. Between first meeting Sam, talking about Double Dragon and ninjas, and hearing about karaoke Wednesdays (which seem to have become Karaoke Mon/Tues/Wed/Thu/Fri/Sat), my brother and I decided that we would hang out at Fuji more often.

Awesome show, great job!

So there. Selon moi, the karaoke bar/lounge/ninja aspect of Fuji Mountain takes the cake. The place is a perfect storm of "The Way You Make Me Feel" and "Billie Jean" topped off with a little bit of "Beat It". Or, for you Caucasian folks, "Livin' on a Prayer." On repeat. Every night. I dig.

They have two private karaoke rooms, and the main bar available for rent at $75 an hour. For the main bar, you can generally just hang out and sing songs with random strangers for free if no other group has it rented. Also, If you spend a certain amount during your stay, I believe you get the room free of charge. I organize quite a few parties there, but I also go just to hang out. It's worth calling ahead to find out if the bar is open (not rented out) before you go.

Needless to say, Fuji is a blast when rented out for large parties. Get a group of 20-30 friends together for a birthday shindig and prepare for awesome. Ask Sam to teach you the secret Konami code you must input to search the Korean menus in the karaoke machine for your favorite song. Drink a lot of water, or your throat will undoubtedly end up like coarse grade sand paper with paperclips inexplicably attached to it. What were you thinking, ruining good sand paper like that?

The bar staff whips up some good drinks, and will even indulge you and your group in sake bombs if you feel the need to bastardize a rich ancient culture with your Western alcoholism. I suggest a tall, cool Sapphire Collins for the manly men. Sam also knows how to make this chocolate strawberry "martini" thing for the ladies. Also, try both the Pear and Watermelon Soju "martinis." Or, as I said before, just get a large pot of house sake and four or five 22 oz Sapporos, mix, and begin belting out "Pour Some Sugar on Me."

If you are for real about sake, they do have a respectable selection of cold sakes available, complete in a menu with little descriptions like "dry with floral notes and an understated zest" or something like that. I've tried a few, and since I'm not a sake connoisseur, I can only say that I prefer drier, less creamy (is that even a word I can use in this situation?) sakes. As an alcoholic, I can say that I will drink them all.

Oh, and try the green tea tempura ice cream. It's like all the other green tea tempura ice cream you've had before, which is to say good.
Was seated with my date on the 2nd floor. Cozy & intimate feel.
Very fresh sushi and extremely polite wait staff.
A bit pricey from what I could tell, but well worth it.
I was there for a karaoke event and loved it. The room was very spacious and the couches were comfy and hip. Definitely one of the best karaoke rooms I've been to. The place is definitely interesting in terms of decor and seating. It is a small and narrow place with stairs that keeps going up... to the only two karaoke rooms there. I have yet to try their food so once I do I will review more about that. But so far it is a place with potential I must say. Oh and the service was good.
This place was everything I hoped it would be! Had a King Crab California Roll and Salmon. Washed it down with an Ichiban and some house Saki. Excellent all around!!
Did the $75 per head omakase. You have a certain expectation when you are spending that kind of money. Boy was I in for a disappointment.

The fish here do NOT taste fresh. They all have the same mushy texture, which is what you get from low quality, poorly handled frozen fish. The tuna belly is tough and flavorless, and other fish are worse. Even the sushi rice just tastes like regular rice straight from the rice cooker with nothing added.

The first few appetizers were okay, although they had this one seared tuna and tomato dish that was simply weird with too much sauce. And after the sushi, they brought out a grilled sea bass/creamed mushroom/croquette dish that was very greasy and had no place in a sushi omakase course.

The when we expressed our disappointment, he said something about how they don't usually do omakase on a weekend night, despite the fact that we called to make a reservation in the morning. He did give a 30% discount, but it still came out to more than $50 per head for a meal we did NOT enjoy at all. I'm sure their regular rolls and stuff are fine, but expect the worst when you order any type of raw fish and never do the omakase.

The good: friendly waitresses, the miso soup

The bad: everything else
Usually good and prompt service. The only time I haven't had good service was for Sips. 

If you're here for dinner, it will be a great meal you won't regret.
This review is for the karaoke bar, rather than the food, which I will have to come back some time to try.

Two nights in one week of karaoke at Fuji Mountain leaves me full of beer, sake and my ears ringing of bad singing. The karaoke room is located on the 4th floor and while not large, it can squeeze in 20-30. The karaoke here is really old school (you pick songs out of a book) compared to what I'm used to in Asia (smart phone apps allow users to pick songs straight from their phones). This is a private room though, so do book in advance. We had a bachelorette party crash ours on the first night. 

The bar is located on the 3rd floor and has more space for guests to mingle, along with a TV + mic system for more karaoke. 

Centrally located near Rittenhouse, I am a fan! (even though I don't sing...)
Of the two times I have been here, both were delicious events. The sushi is all I order, and it has always been delicious. Their shrimp tempura is done just right, and has become a favorite of mine. Sure it's not the absolute best sushi, but I will say it was better than Morimoto's! And that's one of the top restaurants in Philly. I was truly disappointed with Morimoto's sushi compared to Fuji's. The only reason it gets 3 stars is because they are a bit pricey.
Stream of consciousness
---
Good fish, not outstanding
The otoro was good
Uni was not fully defrosted (like most others I guess) -  it didn't melt in my mouth
She got the sashimi deluxe; I, the sushi regular. Overall the presentation was good; I appreciated the dab of wasabi between fish and hand rolled rice
The sake was ok, and the decor was serviceable.   
Meal, Tax and tip = c note
There was also a Karaoke upstairs, perhaps worth a look if you're in the mood. But frankly, this restaurant is too far from Rittenhouse, so I'm not sure how much of a hit it would be (unless you drove here).
I'm with the Cupcake Queen on this one: very unimpressed. Upon walking into Fuji Mountain, I was intrigued by the garden- like atmosphere and surprised at how packed the place was.  Our experience started off on the wrong foot when after 10 minutes my boyfriend had to physically get up and search for a server to give us menus and take our drink order.  Sadly, this was consistent with the service we received all night.  We ordered the Shrimp & Vegetable Tempura as an appetizer and agreed that it was a good choice.  We ordered 3 different sushi rolls, including one of their Specialty rolls and they were all just OK.  I've had worse sushi but I've had better... I suppose I'd rate theirs a 7.  There are way better places in the Rittenhouse area so I won't be coming back anytime soon.
Perhaps if I hear some more positive feedback and am convinced that they've addressed their service issue, I may give it another try.
This place is getting a little "old" in more ways than one.
When I first landed in Philly - about 3 year ago, I was looking to find a replacement for my old NYC sushi spot.

Fuji Mountain, at that time, was close to my office and offered a profusion of rools.  The Sunshine and Florida rolls are really, very tasty.

Now the prices are up and quality is just OK.  I did order a lovely Toro-lover's platter which was a special and it was a good value and had lots of toro.  2 pieces of Chu, 2 pieces of  "O" and a negi-toro roll.  I still dream about that one!

But lately when I go for lunch and sit (solo) at the bar, I am not treated really well.  Seems odd to me.

Anyhow, I have also taken to Shiroi Hana as of late. Even more recently, I have discovered Vics - right nearby.
I guess Fuji Mountain is just not for me anymore.  There are better places to go now.
PROS
-spacious interior
-high chairs
-very friendly service
-large portions

CONS
-their sushi rice was overcooked!! This is a major flaw. It ruined all of my sushi rolls and made them into awful MUSH
-their chicken teriyaki was bland unfortunately though the portion was large
-expensive prices 
-they messed up my roll order and never replaced it

I really wanted to like this restaurant given the proximity to my apartment and the ease at getting a table! Unfortunately I will not be back :(
Ordered take out tonight which included 2 spicy tuna rolls, the Inferno and Hurricane rolls. All rolls were fishy tasting (which to me means not fresh), had scaling left on the fish, and I got a solid piece of tuna that was brown on one side however pink throughout the rest (again, to me meaning not fresh). 

As we spent $50 on 4 rolls, I called to let Fuji Mountain know that we were not satisfied with the "sushi grade" sushi. I eat sushi regularly and have never been this disappointed before. Roger, the manager, just made excuses and wasn't willing to refund me. He claimed he couldn't find my order, but remembered when I was in/my order. I have no the copy of the receipt right here and could provide the receipt number, however, I was told that if I order again, to call and Roger will give me a discount. I informed Roger that I will not be ordering from them again. 

Also, it was mentioned that the fish comes in fresh on Wednesday's, therefore making my complaint invalid. Interesting ... does their fish only come in fresh one day a week? Unacceptable as sushi should always be fresh.
My only real complaint was that it was EXPENSIVE. For two people, we went over $100!

Their o-toro was o-so-yummy though. Gawd...melt in your mouth yummy! I wish it wasn't so expensive ($5 per piece of nigiri) because I would've eaten a lot more than two pieces. 

The salmon was average; I prefer my pieces thicker. 

I have a hit and miss relationship with snapper, but this one was a definite hit.

Yellowtail was above average. I'm bummed we didn't get to try the baby yellowtail. Maybe next time (if I can afford it).

The king crab sushi had a lot of rice and not enough crab, but it was still good nonetheless.

I think my favorite part of the meal, aside from the o-toro, was the Washington roll. Fuji Mountain's website describes it as "Crab Stick, Cucumber & Avocado, topped with Octopus Cream Cheese."  I absolutely have no tolerance for avocado, but this roll was amazing. It had some major kick to it, but the rolls aren't gigantic so it wasn't like I was bombarding myself with mouthful after mouthful of spicyness.

I wish their rice was hot like Vic's, but their pieces are small enough to fit into your mouth without having to bite it in half so there's my tradeoff.
This place blew me away because of the excellent service. I planned a work party here so I booked one of the karaoke rooms for 25-30 people. I've never been here but it was recommended to me over Yakatori Boy. The manager made it very easy to book the room and even opened the room an hour early to accommodate us. They worked out a deal to cover the cost of the room, but by the end, they waived the fee since we spent more than $500. Our waiter was excellent and constantly bringing us drinks, making sure we were OK. At the end of the night, it was easy to square off the bill because they allowed each person to pay for their items separately. The room was big with comfy sofas and a user-friendly machine. We even had our own bathroom, bar right at the base of the steps, and a doorbell to alert our waiter instead of hunting him down. 

A few things I want to point out are that there is no elevator to the karaoke rooms, and the stairs can be difficult for some (we had one person who had back problems). Another thing that I want to point out is that the room didn't fit 25-30 people. It really only fit 19 people (comfortably seated) but luckily my group was OK with standing or sitting on the edge of the couches. The waiter did apologize for the room being too small. This is good information to know if you are planning to throw a party here. Overall I would say this was a great deal and the manager is really easy to work with. The food and drinks were satisfactory so I would probably go again to book a room because the menu is quite expensive.
Fuji Mountain is definitely a much nicer Japanese restaurant than most of the ones I've been to in Philly, but still maintains a very casual and cool vibe. With multiple floors (one of them being a mysterious karaoke bar I have yet to check out), it's very spacious inside and the ambiance is very relaxed and hip. It's a bit on the pricier side, but the price is worth how high quality the food tastes. They offer almost anything you could be craving for sushi, with an extensive a la carte menu and the classic maki rolls you would want. They don't really deviate for their specialty rolls, which I appreciate because usually when I eat Japanese food, I just want to stick to what I like without having to read through all the ingredients. The quality of the food and the service are the attractions here. I've been here on multiple occasions and have never been disappointed.

I would recommend the calamari appetizer with the spicy mayo sauce (their sauce is AMAZING and so much better than the spicy mayo I've had at other places). The calamari is perfectly fried, light, and not oily at all and it's perfect with the spicy mayo.
Loved this pllace! I didn't expect to go have sushi on my trip to Philly. Seeing as how i have it alll the time back home in Brooklyn. I'm glad i did though.  The jalapeño fruit punch cocktail was delicious. Just the right amount of spice to give it a nice kick. The miso soup was miso soup which is always good. Now on to the sushi rolls. I've been to plenty of sushi places. Most rolls have tasted the same. Some worse but never one considerably better than any roll i've had. These rolls were just much better quality and worth the few extra dollars you'd usually pay of rolls. Loved the whole place!
Came here again and faced plain and simple discrimination. Never coming back. Hey manager, learn how to run a business. Peace!

The host who greeted us at the door offered to seat us at the bar. This is an unusual request. Normally, couples aren't seated at the bar. We asked for a table and the host said that the entire restaurant is full. 
We could easily see over his shoulder and there were plenty of empty tables. We asked and he said those tables are reserved, and this was certainly a lie, as if these guys take reservations we would have been asked for ours, which we weren't. Nor have I ever been asked for a reservation before when I have been here. 
Then we asked if there are seats upstairs. We are lied to once again as the host says no sorry there are no seats upstairs, we are full. When my wife and I turned to leave, suddenly the host remembers that there are about six open tables upstairs and asks us to come upstairs but refuses to let us sit at one of the proper tables and instead offers us a table with one regular side and one half bench with no back on the other. 
No thanks. I left. And I won't be back. And I will ask others to avoid this business as well. Thanks anyway. 
PS 
The host or manager who tried to play us like fools should consider the fact that maybe other people have worked in the restaurant business and know a thing or two about that "we're full" or that "table's reserved" game.
Fuji Mountain is a late-night sushi place mainly intended for those stumbling out of the pub at midnight (you know, the pansies such as myself.) well I was not drinking prior to my arrival here, but they may have earned another star or two if I had been. 

I ordered the shrimp tempura roll, custard roll and some other vegetarian roll I cannot pronounce. The staff was friendly, and the gentleman serving me seemed to be pretty new. They were quick to refill the water glass, but the food took an inordinate amount of time to arrive. 
When ordering, I informed the server that I am allergic to avocado which he repeated back to me and said okay. When the rolls arrived one of them still had avocado! I informed the lady of this and she promptly took the whole plate back to the "sushi man" and had it remade, supplying the food on a new plate for which my respiratory tract and I were thankful. 

The food was mediocre, nothing seemed to stand out. It was reminiscent of grabbing sushi to go from a manhattan deli or supermarket that has been pre-made hours before. I was very much disappointed but they were also the only sushi place I could find for a good distance that were open this late, so they are at least doing that right. 

I've read they also have karaoke, though I think that is in private rooms so call ahead. 

Note: no wifi
Unfortunately for me and my group of friends, this review cannot comment on the quality of drinks, karaoke selection, or size of the karaoke room.  My friend and I had booked a private karaoke room at Fuji Mountain for this past Saturday night, several weeks in advance.  We called to confirm the reservation several times, including at 3PM on the day of, and were told all was well.  When we arrived at 12:15, our scheduled time, with a group of nearly 20 friends, the person on duty told us that they had "tried to contact us all night."  Apparently the group in our room before us wanted to extend their time for an hour, which somehow trumped our reservation, and we would not be able to use the room.  We had not received any missed calls or emails, and as I mentioned, had confirmed our reservation just a few hours beforehand.  The story from the employee kept changing: the group before us had just requested to extend their time, they had requested several hours before, we didn't really have a reservation, etc.  We were turned away, completely bewildered and disappointed. 

I'm sure that a night at Fuji Mountain is a great time, but I strongly recommend making plans elsewhere.  Don't risk a ruined party on their mistreatment and poor service.  I am very disappointed that I have to post this, and hope that other customers and management take notice so that this does not happen to anyone else.
Absolutely a fan~ it was great~
I came here on a cold cold 2014 freezing winter in Philly after a bad day commuting from Bryn Mawr to central city, the soup and the big platter of sushi are such a savior of my mood in the winter~~ the waitress sister is also super nice!
I love to get a Kirin with my Sushi, and here, I can do that.  We weren't able to make the beeline for the upstairs, but the downstairs seating was totally fine and the waitress was attentive and nice.  My only issue with this place is that the rolls are teeny eeny weenie.  Almost like miniature replicas of what I would like sushi to look like.  As a result, I felt that we just didn't get a very good value for our dollar at Fuji Mountain.  The sushi was tasty, but I left hungry, and I can't stand that when I spend a bunch of money trying to get full.
my friend and i were completely starving by the time we arrived for dinner, but looking at the menu instantly made me less hungry. the sushi is a bit pricey, no? nevertheless, we decided to share a pork katsudon and the roll of the day: the fire rainbow roll.

now, anyone who knows me knows i'm not a fan of rolls. i find that the assortment of ingredients masks the flavor of the raw fish, rather than complements it. the fire rainbow roll was no exception. i will say it was quite large, especially when compared to normal maki rolls. but the fish wasn't SUPER fresh, and it gave me an overall lackluster impression.

the cooked entree, pork katsudon, was much better. i appreciated the use of an egg on top of the tender and not overly-fried pork cutlets. throw in copious amounts of japanese sweet rice, and i'm a happy girl. too many onions though. xP

the food was decent, but nothing about this place was very compelling. the first floor seating area is relatively small, with more seating in the upstairs bar area (also the common karaoke room). i've never done karaoke in the private rooms here before, but the 2 tv's located in the far upper corners of the common room were way too small for karaoke. dislike.
PROS: Cute ambiance, nice presentation
CONS: Badly prepared foods, pricy, small portions

Fuji Mountain was a serious let-down. The salmon teriyaki was underflavored and overcooked to the point of being completely dry. The sushi tasted okay, but the portions were smaller (6 pieces instead of 8) than most other venues at the same prices. I would not return!
I read some of these reviews and think, these MFers must be high. Is this their first time eating sushi? (if the California rolls are any hint!) First and foremost, the rolls are SMALL and you only get 6 pieces per roll. That right there makes this a two star sushi place in my books for $6-9 rolls. To top it off, the rolls that I ordered are made with the rice on the inside of the seaweed. There is a slight taste and presentation difference here. If you can score the 1000 point open table, or the living social deal, that makes this more worth it. But you shouldn't have to have a coupon to make a restaurant worth going to! However, that being said, I would continue to go here if the coupons keep getting pumped out. 

Aside from that, the restaurant is huge, and is nicely decorated. The staff was friendly and service was appropriate. 

All credit cards seem to be accepted here. 

Food Quality/Taste =  4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 2 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Service = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 4 Stars
Sushi, setting, service all were above average.  And the entire restaurant greeted us as soon as we walked in.  Yum!
Good sushi and satisfying entrees.  This is the first place I have ever had a miso soup that I enjoyed.  Both entrees were fully enjoyed and the service was excellent.

Only reason I give 4 stars rather than 5 is the value wasnt really there.  This was one of the more expensive Japanese meals I have had where there was no wow factor.  It is good food, but nothing struck me as amazing or made me crave coming back the next night.   I'm giving 4 rather than 3 because my bf loved this place.
I'm just not sold. Because Karaoke is so popular, there is really an opportunity here to give a chic, swanky adult fun vibe--as is typical in many other Japanese and sushi restaurants. But that was missing here. 

My disappointment began at the door. I thought surely I was at the wrong place and must not have specified correctly to my GPS that I meant Fuji Mountain. This door I stood at looked like a sushi or chinese carryout. This couldn't possibly be the right place for my friend's 28th birthday party. But somewhere between the neon lettering and and the awnings, I found the sign indicating that this was indeed the Fuji Mountain. Whomp.

The guy greeting us when we walked in was nice enough. There was a sign indicating which room my friends were in. He directed us to that room. We thanked him and headed upstairs. The politeness of the staff ended there.

Once in the private room, I couldn't help be disappointed more. The decor was very outdated and didn't completely make sense for the function. There were benches attached to walls and then coffee tables in the middle of the room--which wasn't quite in arm's reach from the benches. There were no coat hangers or racks for our things. And so one of the benches soon became dedicated just to our belongings. And eventually, our bench even became separated from the wall. I have no idea how. The room and seating were extremely awkward and not conducive to eating. It makes more sense to me that you eat before you get here or eat after you leave. Even ordering drinks and appetizers was difficult and I have no idea how those ordering entrees managed to get by. There was never any silverware, extra plates, napkins, or anything of the sort that you typically need to eat brought to us. The sushi I ate with my hands was nothing to write home about.

On to the actual Karaoke. This part was fun but the song list was out of date and organized oddly by song title. I think organizing the songs by genre and artists would have really helped me. And the background music sounded a lot like those early 2000s ring tones lol. I mean that's fine. Delightfully cheesy. 

Although food and decor were issues, I would not rate Fuji a 2-star restaurant just because I expected more there. What it really came down to was how we were treated by the service staff. They seemed extremely irritable and upset to be serving us. I get that some people were intoxicated but no one was ever rude, obnoxious, or caused any problems. And I would expect this restaurant and waitstaff to be used to loud, excited birthday parties--as many of the groups there with us that day were quite loud as well. I thought that was the point of the private rooms. Two of my friends began dancing to a song and the waiter actually yelled at them to stop jumping. It seemed like he was almost parental in his mannerisms and reprimands. But we aren't children. I've seen waitstaff be quite masterful at handling large parties. This is not Fuji's strong suit.

At the end of the day, I drank my fill and had fun with my gang. But I would never return here. I will go where I am treated with respect.
Was here for a karaoke night in the small bar upstairs.

Sushi was good (I mostly had nigiri)
Cocktails were good (white russian & sake mojito)
Service was good.
Came here for Sushi...left extremely satisfied

I found this place via yelp looking for the next best piece of Sushi. Living in South Jersey, i'm not afraid to make this commute to this place. Their rolls are some of the freshest i've had in my entire life and their list of rolls is definitely very accommodating for everyone im sure due to its vastness. The INFERNO roll (i think it was called) was and IS my favorite. I've eaten here i think 3 times so far and got that each time...gets better every time baby!
Decided to try this place out for Restaurant week $20 5 course meal!!! We were party of 2. 
Soup, Salad, Appetizer, Entree and Dessert. Only Miso Soup available - no other choices. For salads - 3 options : Green Salad, Sushi Salad and 1 more. Sushi and Green Salad both were good. For apps ordered Agedashi tofu and Spring rolls. For entree we ordered - White tiger and Firecracker speciality rolls. We found them alright. For desserts had choice of ice-creams - Red bean, Vanilla and Green tea (I think). Went with Vanilla ice-cream. It was nice but have had better ones. The place got filled up pretty quickly and it was very busy such that my server didn't remember I asked for extra napkins and the ice-cream took longer than any other dish we ordered. Also I had leftover sushi to go which I was surprised when I opened to eat as it had no chopsticks nor soy sauce. Never experienced that before. Was a little disappointed! 
Overall quite filling and there were quite a few choices in entrees but not sure if I will go again.
I have been to this place quite a few times. Always late night because they stay open until 2am most nights.  Great little spot with multiple floors and they offer Karaoke upstairs. 

The few times that I have been the service and the food has been great. Typical order is an appetizer and and entree.  This visit was none less the same except we were wondering if there may have been a new person in the kitchen. The food was still good, we could just tell a change. 

We had the calamari for an app. It was cooked a little too long. I like the breading with a crisp but the actual calamari was cooked too long. The salads were way over dressed. I had enough dressing on my plate for two salads. 

The entrees were very good however. The salmon was very tender and the portion of the entree was large. The crispy garlic shrimp entree was also very good and plentiful.  The sauces were great. The only thing was they only give you two small pieces of broccoli, I wish there would have been a few more pieces of the vegetables. 

All in all I am giving them 4 stars because my previous experiences her were all great, this time wasn't horrible just noticed some slight differences. I would come back again.
Wen there with friends for karaoke.

It was my first visit to a Japanese place, Japanese karaoke, and Sake (Japanese wine).

I was already drained out by the time I reached this place. I guess it was past midnight. I stayed there for one hour. Had Sake many times. 

I don't know what else to write as I spent my one hour drinking Sake in an almost wasted state! 

I had nothing to complain about this place so rating it 5/5.
I had a great experience at Fuji Mountain. We sat upstairs in their more intimate setting and I really felt like I was in Japan- the wooden booths and rafters give an authentic feel- Although I'm not a huge sushi buff , my bf is and he loves it there. His favorite is the torro and has tried just about everything else and has no complaints. I had the miso glazed sea bass and it was delish! I hear they do karaeoke there too! I def reccomend Fuji mountain to the sushi fans and even those who aren't
A nice little sushi restaurant with two floors and pretty good food. Admittedly, as a native of Vancouver (one of the highest density of sushi restaurants outside of Japan), the food didn't blow my socks off, but it was certainly good enough to satiate a sushi craving or to get your tempura fix. 

I ordered agedashi tofu, chicken teriyaki, and the katsu don for two people to share. The chicken was a little bit dry for the chicken teriyaki, but the portion was pretty big. I think that they used breast meat and it left me wishing that they used chicken thigh instead, which I usually find to be a little bit juicier of a cut of meat. The katsu don and agedashi tofu were pretty good though, and I would consider ordering it again. The prices in general I found were a little bit high for what you got - generally speaking more than $15 for most menu item entrees.

Overall it was a fine experience and I would consider returning if I was craving some Japanese food in the city! Also the folks there were super nice and they were open till late even on a holiday (Labor Day).
The sushi is on the pricey side. I got the kamikaze rolls (shrimp tempura). Was good, not great. The price for what you get discouraged me from ordering more food. However, it's a fun night for karaoke. We crammed a smooth 25 people in the room which was free under the condition we spent $500, which we did. Not sure what the hourly rate would have been otherwise. My man that was taking the orders did a pretty efficient job for being just one person. I commend him. They have what seems like endless stairs in here. I don't even know how many floors there are. It didn't seem terribly busy on the rainy Friday night we went.

Would I come back? Possibly. Definitely for karaoke.
Fuji Mountain has innovative roll creation, fresh taste, good service, reasonable pricing, and is open late.  This place is absolutely fantastic for that 1AM sushi craving that you'll get after hours of studying or on the way home from a night of revelry.  Sometimes less is more so that's all I'm gonna write.
I actually really like the sushi here. I've always been a bit skeptical of trying the food here because it's the place where everybody from the universities goes for karaoke, and the rooms there are really not well kept - though to be honest, it may not be their fault given what I have seen people do in these karaoke rooms. I think the sushi tastes really fresh and full of raw fish. There are definitely other places that will give you the premier experience of eating sushi, but if you're looking for something that is good quality and nearby, this place will definitely do the trick.
I came here by myself looking for a good dinner near my hotel. It definitely had cool vibes with all the wood paneling. I was seated in the very back. 

I wasn't sure what to order, and assuming the sushi wouldn't be that great given the prices and how far Philadelphia is from the ocean, I asked for a recommendation. 

The waitress recommended the chicken katsudon. It took a while for my food to come (20-30min) and it was not great. The chicken was chewy and the food in general did not taste that good.
Sushi was average.
A few of the rolls were poorly put together, therefore, when grabbing the rolls with my chopsticks, the rolls would fall apart.  I noticed this would also happen to other people I was having dinner with.
Taste was average. I liked one of the rolls that we ordered but it's the very middle roll on the picture attached

Dessert - the cheese ice cream was new for me and I enjoyed it.  Something new and different for me.  The chocolate cake, was good but nothing spectacular.

Would I go back?  Nah, I prefer other sushi places when in the city
So I came here about a month ago.....

And all I really remember was that I drank a Walt Wit. 

That must not say a whole lot about the sushi. Okay, wait - I ordered a Boston Roll and a Spicy Tuna. The sushi was good. The rolls were decent sized. Restaurant was cute - and I had a voucher, which made it inexpensive. 

My friend had some noodley soup dish which was good enough.

I have another voucher, so I'll be back - and I hope to be more impressed.
Came in for dinner on a Thursday night and got the Taku for 2. The quality of the sushi was disappointing; the fish was not fresh (it had a fishy taste to it- in a bad way). It was also a little too cold (better quality sushi is served at room temperature. 

I was very underwhelmed and felt it was definitely not worth the price. However, the waitstaff is very friendly and met all of our needs promptly. I even left my bag in the restaurant and one of the workers ran out to my uber to give it back to me. Thanks for that :) but not happy with the sushi.
A solid three if not a bit more.  My boyfriend and I came here after we went to see the Cirque du Soleil: Kooza when it was in Philadelphia.  I had heard some reviews and decided to give it a try.

I'm not sure if this place truly earns the "best sushi in philadelphia" designation, but it was ok-good.  We didn't try any kitchen items (outside of the cooked bits in the course entree).  We just had a lot of nigiri sushi.  The seafood was okay.  It wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was better than most sushi places around here.  The selection is definitely more than most quick-stop sushi places, but still less than what I would have liked.  I had the suzuki, uni, anago, hotate, and the ootoro.  I also ordered the little scallop-themed special they had going on.  

I remember their sake menu was pretty extensive so I was glad about that.  We split a bottle of sake between us.  

My boyfriend out of curiosity ordered the sushi "sandwich" they had listed (usually we stay away from the rolls.. they aren't any good for appreciating the light taste of the seafood).  It was very simply some nondescript tuna sandwiched between the nori, rice, and tobiko.  

I also remember that the karaoke rooms are ridiculously expensive.  I forget the exact prices (I just looked at the price list), but I mean it was over the amount that the places in New York charges and definitely more than the cost at the other japanese karaoke lounge "yakitori boy".  

The decor was nice, the interior was warm and nicely set up.  But I never really rate restaurants on ambiance as much as I do for service and food, of course.  

Between the two of us our bill was a little over $100.  Not bad, all considered.

Funny part was that when we entered, the chefs greeted us with the standard japanese "irrashaimase!" but when my boyfriend (who functionally only speaks japanese) went to talk to them they couldn't understand a word of what he was saying.  Turns out they were korean (i think).
Craving sushi, my friend and I came here last Friday night for dinner. I began my meal with a Sapporo, which hit the spot on the 90-degree evening that it was, and we continued with a share of the seaweed salad. As an entree we split the sashimi deluxe and, served with a choice of miso soup or salad, my friend chose the miso soup, which she said was good. The fish was well-prepared, and accompanied by ample mounds of wasabi and ginger. I also ordered a rainbow roll, which was tasty. One day soon we want to come here and gorge on it all!
Expensive but great. Tuna sandwich is unreal and you can't enter of leave without a friendly hello.
Karoake Room: My daughter rented room for her bday. Good deal for the room..room wasn't big and tables and chairs were up against the wall, which for this group, worked out better. My issue is the RUDE, cocky bartender. The pretty lady bartender was sweet and we enjoyed her. The younger guy was nice too.. the older guy with an attitude from the get go was very lucky I was asked to just let it go.. These young professional adults were out to have a good time and were PAYING just as anyone. This guy was LOOKING for trouble and A FEW times tried to accuse them of disrespecting his country.
What???? Japanese comes up on the screen A LOT... however, NO ONE at all would be as disrespectful as he was.. yes, they made up their own words as they are ALLOWED too.. yes, they stomped and at times jumped.. who would know they couldn't.. HE could handle his tough guy act with a better delivery. 
He seemed to have an insecurity and was always throwing cocky looks at these kids. I says KIDS because I was there with my friend and we are 53! They are kids to me and GOOD kids.. I was very prepared to call him out on his rudeness! We couldn't understand him but at one point he said
You think you my first delco? Huh? Get the f outta here.
When the party first came in, they did funny tests on the mic acting like Pro's, he yelled 
Can you shut the F up?

Again, SIR, if I understood your name I would use it.. you got off easy with me and ONLY because you were better with me, AND my daughter and her super group of kids had a great fun wonderful time beyond your tough guy act! Beside him, we had a great time.. small but it was fun..
Wandered to Fuji Mountain after trying to go to Vic's on a Sunday and finding it CLOSED (tear).

Immediately I liked the atmosphere of the place, lots of wood screens and nice touches.  We had a really friendly waiter and free edamame! I got some basic rolls which was all I was craving, but they were considerably more expensive than Vic's... The quality was better though, which it should have been at that price.

The miso soup and salad were definitely a cut above many that I have had- miso was actually flavorful and the salad had fresh greens and really good dressing.

My two friends got an Ahi tuna steak with veggies, which he said was amazing, and an udon noodle soup with tempura which looked equally delicious.  My friend also got some cucumber martini which was really refreshing and awesome.

This place is definitely not in the same category as Vic's, it's a more fancy sit-down-for-dinner-and-drinks type place, so with that being said I really like it. 

Wouldn't get take out sushi from here necessarily, but for a night out I could be back.
Mediocre sushi place. Fish is not very fresh. Rice is cold and hard. Unagi bowl is small. I just don't think it worth the price.
I heard previous rumors of someone getting food poisoning so I have avoided this place, despite living very close. I was pleasantly surprised with my experience last night, albeit, we both ordered all cooked food.

The crispy shrimp dish was very good with the right amount of zing to the sauce. It was a healthy portion size. We also got the nabeyaki udon soup, which was quite good. Lots of fish cake and noodles; the broth was very flavorful. The side of tempura was quite good as well - a sweet potato, broccoli and 2 shrimp. We also got the fried banana tempura dessert, which was just okay- a little greasy.

Service was 5 stars. A new waitress was training and was very polite, and the other staff was attentive. We were running (very) late, and I called the restaurant to let them know; they honored our reservation without hesitation.
Went here for the last day of the restaurant week. I ordered a calamari (was eehhh), Salmon skin salad (really good), then the main course "Sushi premium Chef's choice". When I asked the server what the Chef's choice was, she had no idea. I let it go, And ordered it expecting maybe like a Philadelphia roll, California roll, you know the basic sushi rolls. BUT I got sushi that had the raw fish on top of the rice! I know it is still a sushi since it's on the rice. I eat Sashimi anyway so I ate it. The fact that the server didn't know what the Chef's choice was a big no no. It would have been a big deal for people who dont eat raw sushi. And I must say, it was not "Premium" quality! Im sticking to my south jersey faves! The city never seems to have a good Japanese place.
I moved to Philly not expecting to find sushi of the same caliber that I had back in California but I was wrong. I came here for dinner with 2 of my friends, all of us getting the chirashi bowl, in addition to a couple orders of the scallop sashimi. At $26 per bowl, the pricing leaned toward expensive, even for quality sushi. Usually when the prices are that high, the ambiance of the restaurant is a little classier. 

That being said, you do get what food you pay for as the quality of the fish is superb. Fresh and fatty enough to leave a coating on my tongue, just the way I like it. The scallop was remarkable as well, and extrapolating from that experience I'm sure all the nigiri is. We split a bottle of sake that the waitress recommended, which was a good decision as it wasn't too expensive and lasted through the entire meal. Waitstaff was attentive and polite and I have nothing but positive things to say about this establishment. 

I will be back for the karaoke.
I've been wanting to take my boyfriend here for sushi one day because he loves good sushi. I like this place. It's nicely decorated and the waitress that we had was dressed in a kimono, which is like the first time I've seen that. 

My boyfriend got the mixed fish sashhimi appetizer whcih has yellowtail and tuna, and I got the Tuna tartare. My boyfriend was satisfied with the sashimi appetizer because he got about 6 or 7 pieces. Half yellow tail, half tuna. It's also a very generous amount. They were pretty thick pieces. I love the tuna tartare. They have this wasabi vinaigrette on top of it mixed with avocados. It's delicious!

For the rolls, we got Florida Roll, the Inferno and the HUrricane. I liked the Florida roll the last time I came here. But this time, I wasn't too in love with it. I really like the Hurricane roll. It's kinda spicy, but it's really good. It's not unbearably spicy either. I think the Hurricane and the Inferno was great. They're very similar though, except one had avocados on top, and the other had fish (salmon i think). 

When we got here, it was pretty empty. It was about 4pm on a Saturday afternoon. The waitress was very sweet and she was very attentive. I'm very pleased.

MUST TRY; Tuna Tartare; Hurricane Roll, Inferno Roll
TRY; Sashimi appetizer (Its a great deal, but I don't like sashimi, my BF did like it though); Florida Roll (because there are better rolls, but this is still good!)
I was invited here last Saturday night for a karaoke bday party and was a bit skeptical I would have fun. And I ended up having a blast! We were in the red room and the service was exceptional. You basically ring a door bell and someone shows up take ur drink order and delivers them correctly and fast.  The wait staff was patient and very polite, A+ for service. So I decided to try the food and once again , I was pleasantly surprised at how yummy it was.

I didn't give this place 5 stars bc these are the 2 area they can improve in : 1. Please more current karaoke song selections and 2. Please personalize the bday celebration w maybe a comp desert w candle or birthday shot for bday boy.., something to mar the person feel Special.

Otherwise. I recommend this spot for big group gatherings and fun! Side note, make sure u reserve a room in advance!
An impromptu stroll down Chestnut prior to hitting up Trader Joe's (never go grocery shopping on an empty stomach!) led us to Fuji Mountain, a place we were aware of but never went out of our way to try.

The Good: The tunas served in the mixed sashimi appetizer were very fresh and flavorful. The nabeyaki udon had a great broth, toothsome (wanted to use that word since Top Chef) udon, and decent tempura. This was the best of the three items we ordered.

The Bad: Portions were on the skimpy side. I realize this isn't a Denny's, but I'm used to getting a giant bowl of soup requiring many sittings to finish. This was just big enough for us to split. The sashimi was also rather thin...

The Ugly: To any restaurant proprietors reading this - If you don't have freshly made gyoza, don't offer them on the menu. We had ours steamed, and they were horrible. I could buy better frozen gyoza at the TJ.

The crappy gyoza prevents me from going any higher than 3 stars, despite how nice the soup was.
This is my favorite sushi in the city. The fish is always fresh, and the food is consistently delicious. They just  know how to do it right. I prefer take-out, because when you dine in they bring the food out a little too fast and the experience feels rushed.
I went here last week with my friend, and we ordered at the same time, all his food came out way before mines, I was left waiting for way too long.Their bathrooms need updating.  Other than that they stay open until 2 am which is great and the sushi was amazing for the most part except the crab which was old. Parking is street metered parking. Pricing is expensive be prepared to spend a lot when coming here!
For some reason this place is always a ghost town. I've been here a solid 5+ times and I have never had to wait or make a reservation. 

The sushi/sashimi here is so-so but other items on the menu such as pork katsudon, chicken katsu, tempura udon, and eel unaju are all so good and the portion sizes are always quiet impressive. They come with a side of soup or salad. I'm usually not a fan of salads but Japanese salad dressing really tickles my fancy. 

I have never left this place hungry!

The service here is good and prices are reasonable especially for the area. I'll keep coming back.
It's 11am Sunday morning and I am just waking up from the karaoke party we had last night -- sure sign of a good time! Sam and Sean were so helpful in reserving our room at the last minute, and lowering the hourly rate to fit our party size. I really appreciated their customer service. 
Up the stairs in the private karaoke room, we had access to the full bar and restaurant. I recommend the Pear Saketini and Chicken Teriyaki. The Shrimp Tempura was also a party favorite. 
The prices were definitely reasonable for the quality and amount of food you get. I had a fantastic time at Fuji Mountain!! It's a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or just to hang out.
I really like this place. I feel like sushi and fish wise, they have alot of selections. They have alot of special rolls and they also have specials on a separate piece of paper. This is a pretty expensive place, but you get your money's worth. The rolls are big and they don't skimp on the fillings. Rolls range around 9-14$. They even have ones that are more than that but they are mostly specials. Service was great. You could totally have a date night here. 

I got the Tuna Tartare, Millenium Roll, Florida Roll with Wasabi Mashed Potatoes on the side. I really liked the tuna tartare. It was chunks of tuna with chunks of avocado with a wasabi vinaigrette. The Millenium roll was good, nothing really stands out about it. It had green eggs on top, I didn't like them. I just scraped it off and ate the rest of the roll. I really like the Florida Roll. I love avocados. It was big and you can taste the fish and the avocados. Alot of places will skimp on the fish and add a big portion of avocados (or anything else), and sometimes one ingredient overpowers the other. But here, you can taste both the avocado and the fish. I'd totally get this one roll again. I was excited for the wasabi mashed potatoes because I had been craving them, but it was ehh. I think if it was just mashed potatoes, it would have been good. My nose burned and my eyes teared with every bite. Maybe if the wasabi was toned down a bit in this dish, I would have liked it. Also, they charge for spicy mayo on the side. 

MUST TRY; Tuna Tartare; Florida Roll
SKIP; Wasabi Mashed Potatoes, just because i felt the wasabi was too overpowering in the potatoes. I'm fan of wasabi mashed potatoes, but my nose burned with every bite. 

I'd definately come back.
Walking along Chestnut, I would never expect to find a place like Fuji Mountain here - in fact I almost walked right past it. My friend and I had consulted her Blackberry on nearby sushi places for lunch, and since Fuji was one of the top rated places (yay Yelp!) we headed over to check it out. 

It was close to 1pm when we entered, and it was pretty full since it was the last day of Restaurant Week. While we were both hungry, we opted not to go with their Restaurant Week menu since there was waaaaaay too much food there for either of us to be able to make a dent in; we're small girls. So we consulted their regular menu and opted to share edamame and an order of salmon roe sashimi, and then each ordered our own things: I had the spicy scallop roll (I'm a sucker for spicy scallop, can't get enough) and an order of eel sashimi, and my friend had their spicy tuna roll with avocado and an order of yellowtail sashimi. Our food arrived promptly, in fact rather quickly as we had barely started eating the edamame when our sushi arrived as well (no complaints though, its better than waiting forever). The food was tasty, and the fish was incredibly fresh - so fresh that its what made the meal. 

Our waitress was very attentive and nice and made sure that we were happy with our food. The interior was also relatively nice; the sushi bar is slightly removed from the downstairs dining area, and overall the decor is understated and nice. I plan on going back to try their special rolls since they seem to offer some pretty unique varieties, and with fish as fresh as that they must taste amazing!
Quality sushi here but be prepared to spend a little more than most sushi restaurants. If you're looking for quality sushi in Philly, this is the place to go. The sashimi is really good. The restaurant itself is aesthetically pleasing inside and the staff was nice but I wish I didn't have to ask for water so many times. Their rendition of bibimbap isn't bad but it is a bit odd. If you're eating here, stick with the sushi. 

Overall, really good experience. I'd definitely come back!
Stopped in for a snack after a day of walking.

A great sakedon is hard to find. Either the fish is mediocre or there isn't enough of it. Not so here. Just enough fish for the amount of rice.
I've been here about 4 times, and I always have a good meal here.  The sushi is fresh and the miso soup is good.  They have bento boxes and other lunchtime specials.  I don't know if this is the best sushi in Philly, but it's pretty darn good.
Singing my praises!

I had a karaoke birthday party at FM and loved it. The food was great, the private karaoke rooms are wonderful. We had about 25-30 people. 

Typically, I have my birthday party at Yakatori Boy, but wanted to change things up a bit since we had outgrown their largest room and the prices were getting to be out of hand. 

Fuji Mountain was definitely a welcome change and we loved being in the room with the bar. 

In comparison to YB, I think FM has a slightly smaller selection of songs, but we did a 4 hour party there and everyone was still finding stuff to sing. 

TL;DR - Good food, moderately priced drinks and great karaoke rooms. An excellent time for everyone.
Absolutely in love with the sashimi and nigiri here. I would not recommend coming for the special sushi rolls, at least the ones that I tried (inferno roll and volcano roll). They were not very tasty to me. However, the "take" (nigiri and sashimi mix with a spicy trio-sashimi roll), chirashi, and a la carte choices of o-toro and pink snapper were awesome. I also tried the uni and did not like it. It was very mushy. The ice cream comes with 2 scoops (if I remember correctly) so you can ask for half of a different flavor which is a plus.
Came here for a work lunch with a party of 4.  Staff was very attentive and we were seated right away.  Service was fast and the menu had a ton of options.  Since everyone in our group loves sushi we decided to order a ton of rolls and share.  We ordered the angry tuna (specialty roll), spicy tuna, fire roll, dancing eel, rainbow roll, spicy scallop, philly roll, and millennium tuna.  The angry tuna was amazing and quite large. As was the rainbow roll - which was surprising since generally rainbow rolls are somewhat on the small side.  This one was a monster! Aside from the angry tuna being the table favorite, the fire roll and millennium tuna rolls were also fantastic.  I'm not much of an eel fan, but the dancing eel roll was perfection.  The roll has avocado and cream cheese which calm down the sweet eel sauce I don't normally enjoy.  I'd definitely order it again! All the rolls were priced well, too.  I did notice lunch specials that were super cheap so I will probably come back and order that next time... with a fire roll, of course. :)
Full disclosure: I'm a vegetarian, so no fish for me.  Still, not a good experience.

The good: Decor, sweet server, nice salad, good rice, good tamago, good tuna (as told to me by my dinner companion), and good grilled asparagus sushi.

The bad: Really disgusting agadashi tofu.  Couldn't eat it.  The batter was really gummy, thin and creepy.  Then the veggie sushi platter comes.  There is one piece of yummy asparagus sushi, one piece of yummy avocado sushi, one cucumber, two radish, two burdock root and two mystery mushroom.  The burdock root was in thick sticks and I COULDN'T BITE THROUGH IT.  I have never experienced restaurant food I literally could not bite through.  

I tell the waitress and she tells me burdock is an acquired taste.  I tell her I can't bite it, it's not a taste issue.  I can taste it as I try to bite it and it tastes fine except for how it's like biting into a green willow branch. Sushi is meant to be taken in one bite, she tells me.  The root is  as thick as, and longer than, my pinkie finger and there are two sticks per piece of sushi.  I tell her that even if I put the whole thing in my mouth, I won't be able to break it up with my teeth so it's uningestable.  She takes an order of tamago off my bill to make up for it.  Very nice but still, my meal was $29 before tax and tip...and I couldn't even chew 25% of it.  

Nope.
What I had: "Super Fuji" an assortment of 10 nigiris and a Cali roll with real crab.

My benchmark: Sushi Yasuda and Sushi of Gari (Both in NYC - no use in applying my benchmarks in Japan)

What I thought: Edible. 2 of the 10 were bay scallop - variety would be appreciated in a set deal like this. Fatty tuna - definitely not your top shelf tuna...or even if it was, the aging was applied incorrectly.

To Fuji's defense, I arrived at 10pm on a week night.
First, Fuji Mountain participates in Sips, so going there on a Wednesday night was awesome.
Second, THEIR SUSHI IS PHENOMENAL! My boyfriend and I shared 3 rolls: spicy tuna (his choice) and the Florida and Fire roll (my choices). The spicy tuna was to be expected and I have yet to find a spicy tuna roll that wasn't agreeable. But the Florida and the Fire rolls were just that- FIRE. I used to be of the opinion that all sushi is either good/fresh or bad. Fuji Mountain made me change my outlook on sushi. 
It didn't hurt that they served Hoegaarden and made a delicious and fresh seaweed salad.
We were a little concerned because of the lack of diners, but we need to keep in mind that it was a Wednesday night. But the service was good, the food was great, and it was a quiet reprieve from bustling Center City.
I'd been here before for lunch (they have really good lunch specials) so when I saw they were running a livingsocial deal I jumped on it. 

DEALS: We went on a Monday night and got 1000 open table points (Mondays and Tuesdays 5:30-7:30). Has a livingsocial deal and they are running one again! https://www.livingsocial.com/deals/575932?ref=conf-jp&rpi=104372950

OVERALL
Service was quick, the waitress, busboy, and sushi chef were friendly, and the waitress looked adorable in her kimono. It has a nice ambiance, and I liked the way there were things separating some of the tables to give some privacy. Tables were spread out enough that it didn't feel like people were on top of you, and there were only a few other people in the restaurant when we were there.

FOOD
-The shrimp tempura appetizer (delicious and good for 2 people as an appetizer, but only one of each vegetable, and it's pretty difficult to split a tempura-ed brocolli piece in half with chopsticks).
-The Sushi Regular (It came with 1 miso soup and salad, 9 pieces of sushi and 1 tuna roll- I love the ginger dressing, but my friend didn't. The tuna roll was pretty big (and delicious) and the sushi it came with were really fresh, some of the pieces just melted in your mouth. MMMM.)
-The salmon tempura roll (This came with 6 pieces and was a bit small. We'd never had it and thought we'd try it. It was good, but I probably wouldn't get it again, the salmon was cooked pretty much all the way through because it was tempura battered.)
-The Crazy Roll (This was my favorite, only 4 pieces but they were big. Had a pretty difficult time eating it. Good thing I wasn't on a date because it was not cute).

Overall a great experience and definitely a great deal with the livingsocial and opentable points, and would even be worth it without if you're willing to splurge a little on sushi!
This is a 4-star sushi joint.

It's good for taking a date. It's good for late night snacks. It's good for when you have a sushi jonesing.
Well, my friend had a birthday party th'other night so she rented out the room on the second floor of this place. I didn't have a chance to get food, but i will say that we had a great time drinking and singing karaoke. So bottom line is: if you're gonna have a party, there's a good chance this is the place to have it.
My boyfriend and I love this place. 

We're from the Bay Area in California and it has been really difficult to find a good/decent Japanese place nearby and we were so excited to find this place. 

It's one of the few places that has full bar, everywhere seems to be BYOB. We got a hot sale for a good price and it was worth about 20 sake cups. We had so much that we couldn't finish it ourselves and shared a couple of shots to a couple beside us.

The food was amazing! My boyfriend and I love unagi and their unagi bowl was totally worth the price. It seems pricey but they really put a lot of unagi slices in the bowl unlike other places we've been to, including places in Cali.

I highly recommend this place!
Awesome decor...  Last time I ate here, my partner and I were on the second floor in the booths.  It felt a little like Okinawa meets Alice's dinner - booths with rough-hewn wood, blue and white textiles, and rice paper shoji doors as wall art.  The sushi is good if a little pricey and the sashimi just melts in your mouth!  I was sad they didn't have moche, but I guess it's okay.  There was a very good green tea as well.
Since my last review, I've come back a few times for hand rolls and today I got the tempura udon again for lunch. 

It seems like the quality has gone down slightly. The hand rolls are tasty but nothing special. I find the temperature they keep the fish at to be a little too low but that's just personal preference. My udon noodles were definitely overcooked and the toppings less plentiful than before.

I've had so many great experiences here, leading me to be optimistic that this is a fluke. I hope I have something good to say after my next visit.
Where I'm from, you can find a decent sushi place every few blocks and I knew where all the great ones were.  Since I've moved to Philly, I've had a hard time finding a good one.  I was glad to run across Fuji Mountain on Yelp's pages because my boyfriend and I were both craving some tasty, raw fish.

I got the sake don and my boyfriend got katsu donburi with a la carte orders of hamachi and sake nigiri.

The salmon was excellent and my meal was much bigger than it looked at first glance.  I was stuffed in the end.

One thing I must complain about though:  the chopsticks they give you here are AWFUL.  Big, square with sharp corners and splintery.  It made my meal way less pleasant than it should have been.  I've never in my life had this problem, and I say that as someone who has used chopsticks to eat since they were 4.  If I come here again, I will not feel embarrassed to bring my own.

Note, this is a pricier, once-in-a-while type sushi joint for my budget.  I'm still on the hunt for a decent, cheap place in the city.
After an exhausting day of the Flyers losing to the Pens (grrrrrr) and hours unpacking and putting together exercise equipment for my bf (amazingly enough, I'm better at handiwork than he is), I was definitely not in the mood to make dinner. The bf immediately suggested sushi and since I don't remember the last time he actually cooked a meal I was more than willing to fork over some cash for guaranteed tasty food. 

Gotta love online ordering! Our food took literally no time since it was a Sunday and apparently NO ONE was eating out/ordering in like we were. We were both so hungry we could barely contain ourselves as we stuffed edamame in our mouths and broke chopsticks in two. 

Check dance (Eel & Cucumber Inside with Yellowtail outside): I love yellowtail. I love eel. Why not combine them? A nice take on a classic roll, and we could tell how fresh their fish is. The eel sauce they add on top is thankfully minimal and not drenching and gross.

Spicy scallop: This is how my spicy scallops rolls should be - raw chunks, sensually silky smooth texture, spicy mayo kicks without overpowering, and rice amount perfectly proportional. A+ Fuji

Fire roll (Avocado, Cucumber, Spicy Sauce topped with Tuna): Good, but not great and not something I'll order again. Its exactly like its description and I was hoping for something a little MORE than that. But man was that tuna fresh!

A.K.C. Royal (King Crab, Scallop, Masago, Scallion, Spicy Sauce with Avocado outside): oh yeah, roll of the night. This was our favorite one, which made it difficult at the end of the meal. We nearly had a chopstick duel over the last piece, but my bf let me eat it. That's why I love him.

Deliciousness. Gotta love Fuji Mountain.
This place has an exciting decor, not to mention a staff which cares, every employee we passed said hello and thanked us when we were leaving-something lost in most places in the city.  The food was good, fresh and we were not rushed in any way.  We only ate a few rolls and had some edamame  and dumplings for an app, they were served hot and had good flavor.  the pieces of the rolls were not too large so you did not have to figure out a plan of attack on how to eat them or make a mess.  Next time I'll try some sashimi.
Same rating as 3 years ago.. but wanted to clarify that 2am are hours of the past lol! Due to Covid-19, Fuji mountain closes earlier around 9:30-10pm. However, I can reassure you that Fuji Mountain has kept my sushi cravings satisfied during quarantine. Their rolls are delicious, and still very fresh. I've gotten takeout from other restaurants but Fuji Mountain is one of our favorite regulars for sushi during quarantine. Thanks!
Review is solely for karaoke. Their rooms are HUGE, great for an entire soccer team if you wanted. Our group of was brought to the top floor. The room fit our group of 15 with space to spare and came with a coat rack as well as our own bathroom -- super convenient, especially for my friend who needed to dip out and cry discreetly for 10mins. 

We ordered a lot of beer and overall had a great time. I don't know how fun it would be to eat downstairs though while all this is happening because you can hear the creaking of the ceiling from drunk karaokee singers jumping up and down.
