If you want a difference coffee experience with many different options of beans come here. The owner is an expert in coffee and can really educate you on the various brews. The coffee is slightly pricey but it is quality for sure. I had an orange vanilla latte with homemade orange syrup. Function Coffee Labs is different than your average coffee shop!
I love to see small businesses still surviving through this mess. Function has a special place in my heart from my high school days back when I first discovered a world outside of Starbucks. Things look a little different and sitting indoors is something I'll have to wait a little longer for, but the Vanilla Latte still slaps, the baked goods still taste yummy and fresh, and the bottom line is that if any place is surviving the apocalypse, it's definitely this place. Stand outside in the cold watching people nearly get into car accidents and play the "how do I stay 6 ft away from the family coming towards me" hokey pokey, but when you get your cuppa, it's all worth it. Give love to the small biz as a solid to the ones we've lost this year.
It's the sweetest little, bright and sunny corner coffee shop in Bella Vista where everything is created with the upmost care. They are hands on with the entire process  of your creative beverage, from planting, processing, inspecting, roasting, grinding, harvesting, milling and brewing. Prices reflect this care, but I'm totally more than willing to pay it for this type of unique beverage. 

They also serve up some drool worthy pastries and are vegan and gluten-free friendly too. 

Oh, and their chalkboard signs out front are always guaranteed to make you chuckle. 

Today I indulged in the Barista's special, a butternut squash spiced almond milk latte with syrup they make themselves from 100% butternut squash. It was delicious!! Not too flavored and sweet, just enough. I am also anxiously awaiting the return of their pb&j almond milk latte! YUM!!!
Went in today after reading some good reviews for the "Warm and Cozy". After spending $5.50 on a 12oz (wow, that's insanely expensive), I have to say that I almost got back in my car and drove to get my money back. This beverage was lukewarm and had little to no flavor at all. I would expect a coffee place like this, who claims to have top of the line coffee, to serve something better. It was so bland and flavorless I was actually quite upset that I had spent so much. I had to come home and put it in the microwave! I hate microwaving coffee, I think it ruins the flavor, but since there was no flavor to begin with I did it anyway. I honestly don't think I'll be back. There are plenty of coffee shops in Philadelphia. Go somewhere else.
My bf and I stumbled on this cute cafe near our air bnb during our visit to Philly :) the workers were super friendly and helpful. The interior was really decorative and cozy. I loved the family-friendly environment. I got he strawberry pie(?) I believe and it was delicious. The matcha latte (I got it sweetened) was very good as well. My boyfriend is not a big coffee drinker, yet he wrote the name down to come back next time we are in town. If you need to caffeinate yourself and grab quick breakfast or coffee, I highly recommend!
This has got to be my favorite coffee shop in Philadelphia. The shop itself is super cute and cozy. ALL of the baristas are very knowledgeable and are always able to recommend good coffee to my taste! Also it's such a great atmosphere to go study which is always important to a good coffee shop.
My search is complete. I think I've tried about 95% of notable coffeeshops in the Philly area. I can confidently say that I found "the one".

Greeted by friendly baristas in a quiet part of the Italian Market area, Function Coffee Labs boasts a vibrant culture dedicated to good, sustainable, delicious coffee. I have yet to try the espresso but the pourover is usually how I make my judgement call.

El Pilar, Guatemala. Vibrant and flavorful, you could taste the notes in each sip. Easily best black coffee in Philly. Underrated perhaps due to location but I have no doubt this place will do amazing. 

My wife got the maple butternut squash latte. It was described to us as a warm "hug inside a cup"... accurate.
Excellent coffee. Function is now possibly my favorite coffee shop in the city. It's tiny, stylish, and serves up good food and drink. 

Since it was our first visit, we tried a couple of things. My husband got an espresso--his way to gauge the coffee and the baristas. He loved it. Then he got a pourover of the same Ethiopian coffee. I tried it and it was very, very good. It was served in a lab flask--very fun. I went in the opposite direction and got a maple butternut squash spiced latte. It wasn't too sweet and was delicious. I got a pretty latte swan on it as well. The latte had butternut squash in it, but it didn't have an unpleasant texture or flavor. I enjoyed it. 

It was late morning, so lots of baked goods were sold out based on what I'd seen on Instagram that morning. My cruffin was a sweet, messy piece of delicious. My husband's garlic cheese danish was squishy, savory comfort.

It's worth seeking out.
This adorable coffee shop is run by Ross, as every review will tell you. Ross was a physics teacher and chose to apply all that scientific knowledge to coffee. The result is amazing coffee, in all shapes and forms.

I am not a coffee connoisseur (my husband is). But there was definitely a depth of flavor and complexities to the coffees I've tasted at Functional Coffee Labs that I have not been able to taste elsewhere. Whether cold brew or cappuccino, everything I've had there was amazing. Even better, I left feeling more educated about coffee. If you have 5 min to spare, just talk about coffee with Ross. You won't regret it.
A contender for favorite Philly coffee shop. They take coffee brewing seriously, but they have fun too. My husband got the same coffee as an espresso and a pour-over. He loved both. I tried the pour-over and it was delicious. 

I tried a butternut spiced latte. They explained that there was some butternut puree in the coffee. I was intrigued. It was good--sweet but not too sweet, and not too "vegetal," if you know what I mean. 

Their pastries kick ass too. Check Instagram for daily offerings, and get there early because things sell out. 

We sat outside and enjoyed a leisurely breakfast.  Can't wait to go back.
Function Coffee Labs is one of those places that literally read into exactly what I needed to function on any given morning! But it also won me over because of incredible baked goods and cool South Philly mosaics.

Function is housed in a spot that to be another decent South Philly coffeehouse which had Isaiah Zagar style mosaics that always win me over. But as that coffeehouse went away I continued to see those wonderful mosaics stay in place but also continue to grow in placement and coffee phrasing. And upon the next visit I discovered a new house that offered siphoned coffees, unique bean varieties, and spot on recommendations. 

When Function became my regular on the way to work caffeine destination it also became my occasional breakfast nook. And function proves to be better than most other local cafes for it since it partners with local bakeries like Essen and Machine Shop for their flaky and decadent pastries, but also makes other good options like avocado toast and a breakfast sandwich that puts baked egg and cheese on a buttermilk biscuit. While I'm normally not a croissant person, its also pretty hard to resist the everything croissant with goat cheese and your favorite bagel spices, or the toasted ham & gruyere one.

the coffee can be a bit more pricier, but worth it for the quality, especially when you buy enough to get a free cup by using Square!
Knowledgeable & Ross: the two words I would use to describe FCL.

Why? Because Ross is the knowledgable mastermind behind FCL. His passion, joy, and creativity with knowledge on coffee highlighted my experience. Looking at a menu can be overwhelming and oddly confusing, especially when you're no coffee expert on certain types of beans and the brewing process [aka me.] 
Ross delights in educating the customers and picking the right cup of joe for each individual- perfect duo. The menu changes, but what I can say is that the texture of the coffee goes down very smoothly- which is hard to find. However I didn't taste what the description of the coffee said it would, such as grapefruit or pb ice cream. The taste was rather subtle. Although I did appreciate that the taste was brewed well, and not overpowering or burnt. 

Conclusion? 
Honestly speaking, I probably liked Ross and picking at his knowledgeable mind more than my cup of latte- not because I didn't like my lattes, but because Ross is that awesome to meet and learn from.
Summary: quiet, great decor, excellent coffee, small shop

Came here on a Sunday morning around 9. Parking is on the street and it's pretty quiet in the shop with a steady stream of customers. Great decor with a decent amount of places to sit for such a small place. 

Got the iced areopress Kiunyu, Kenya from the laboratory line. The description on the board- tropical fruit, tamarind caramel, and blackberry/grape is pretty spot on. Blackberry/grape notes are slight. Took about 5 min to make. 

Def a good place to hit up if you're in the area and are serious about some great tasting coffee!
FCL is such a find! It's a great destination if you're heading down from Center City, as we did, and want to enjoy a pleasant walk. The coffee shop itself is small, but it's got lots of Windows, a few cute tables, bar seating and friendly, knowledgable service. It's definitely worth a stop!
For sure one of the best coffee shops in Philly, and definitely the best spot in the area. Ross is super passionate about coffee and it shows. There are always several varietals available, and they'll be made in the way that is most appropriate for that roast, so just tell Ross or the barista what you like and get a suggestion. When available, usually in the summer, the speciality drinks are a great treat. I feel lucky to have this spot just around the corner.
You are sitting at the window, watching the rain slowly drizzle from the sky. Behind you, you hear the barista (and possible owner) argue with a customer about the science behind brewing coffee. What are the flavors that you can get out of each cup? What flavors don't you want? What makes good coffee? How do we KNOW that?

Whether you like this or not - that is up to you. You don't have to listen; you don't have to go here. But why wouldn't you? If you want great coffee, why would you not go somewhere that makes the utmost effort to make the absolute best, constantly improving what they can do and what they know?

This is hands down the best coffee in Philly. Come and get it. And if you want it, there is vast knowledge here. Come and get it.
Couple notes on this place:
1. Overpriced - 5.75 for a small chai latte with almond milk?!
2. Minimal flavor options: no vanilla, only maple or honey. 
3. Minimal sweetener options: only simple syrup. 
4. Poor pastry selection.
5. Overnight oats: overpriced and bland... the ones I make at home are better.
6. Very small location - not much parking or seating.
Function Coffee Labs is the place to go if you want excellent coffee from knowledgeable staff. They offer some interesting menu items, like the duo or trio, which are great if you're up for giving a few different items a try. 

Great place to read a book or do some work. This shop is across town from where I live, but definitely worth the trek!
Great local  coffee house. They roast their own products under the label Vibrant coffee.  They have a nice range of different roasts and even  do cupping events every month to try their new products. Stop by if you are in the area for a great cup iced or hot . You will not be disappointed.
Been coming here every weekend for a few weeks. It's so relaxing to sit outside across from the little plaza, with the trees. They have coffee from vibrant coffee roasters and I really enjoyed the iced Ethiopian pour over. And the iced mango jawn! Oh my god!Mango peach syrup, espresso, milk, plum bitters and lemonade? Who would think of that? A genius is who! I also really like the almond butter toast with berries and chia seeds and honey. I'm a sucker for their green acme cups, so I also have gotten hot lattes, even in the summer and they do a nice job. The staff is pretty relaxed and helpful with deciding. Great morning spot.
I originally wanted to order a vanilla latte here but they do not have vanilla flavor shots here which I thought was odd, but not a dealbreaker.  So I settled with a regular latte with no flavor shots and was not impressed. I am not sure what went wrong but my latte tasted like all milk/foam and no espresso.  I had high expectations for this coffee shop since the reviews are so good... maybe the barista was new and it was a one time mess up? Or maybe they just don't put enough espresso shots in their lattes?  For $4.25 for a small hot latte, I expect it to be better.
A tried and true neighborhood classic with some of the friendliest staff around! I'll admit in our early days, I was a bit intimidated by Function, as there are a lot of options. Just ask for guidance/help! 

The barista's choice will always be a bit of a splurge, but an indulgent one- the current special, the butternut squash latte, tastes just as described, like squash but not in a off-putting way, giving the latte an unusual savory flavor. 

Every milk option that you need, prices are a bit more reasonable for more standard beverages. They get their baked goods locally and you won't regret trying them. There's a small park across the street where you can enjoy your gets if the weather permits. Also recommend following these guys on Instagram, the coffee pics will beckon you right on over!
Nommingnomad Approved! 

Oh how I love cute little coffee shops!  I'm surprised that I haven't been here before now. I went there on a Sunday to get a drink and get some work done. It is such a cute coffee shop with indoor and outdoor seating. And they have great WiFi! Score. 

It is right opposite a little park and it's great for people watching and spending some tome alone or with some friends. I went in and was greeted so nicely by the baristas there. I saw beet latte on the menu and I had to have it. So I ordered that and the barista went "Yesss! I'm so excited to make it. No one ever orders that." That made me pause but I was so happy that I made him happy, I went with it! 

I grabbed a table outside because it was beautiful out. My Beet latte was ready soon and it was as delicious as it was pretty. I was a happy camper. I spent a couple of hours there and I'll definitely be back to try more drinks! 

Great place. Great drinks. Nice people. Yes yes yes!
The coffee here isn't anything superb, but the service is great. The place is small, but clean and modern looking. I was greeted as soon as I walked in and asked how I can be helped. Friendly service on a Monday morning was a good start to the day.
We wife, daughter, and I just moved to Philly 2 days ago, and Function was the first little coffee shop we checked out. Where do I even start with this place...

I guess "perfect" is as close as I can get to our experience. Wifey ordered a black coffee and a cinnamon bun, and I ordered some overnight oats and a coffee shot - a delicious little cup of some of the most interesting coffee I've ever tasted. I sipped that while my 14-month-old daughter walked around inspecting our fellow coffee shop patrons. They were friendly and kept her smiling, and made us feel like we weren't unleashing mayhem (my daughter) on their quiet coffee safe-haven. 

After the coffee shot disappeared into my belly I headed back to the counter for a cortado. Oat milk where have you been my whole life?

We can't wait to come back, and thank you for the warm, tasty welcome to Philly.
The Brazil espresso I had was not good, poor crema, thin and over extracted if I had to guess I would say the grind was too coarse
The coffee was fine but the environment struck me as more pretentious than it was worth. Maybe I'm just not appreciative of the subtleties of coffee as I should be, but I'll stick with black and brew.
The Colman (5 stars): barista special mocha with oat milk and malt barley syrup and special ingredient. Really delicious, just a bit of sweetness but not terribly much, and a lovely mouthfeel from the oat milk.

Bonus for free shot of Guinness for st patrick's day. Very friendly. Not a huge space but has decent amount of turnover. Love all the windows and natural lighting!
You'd be hard-pressed to find a coffee shop owner as passionate and knowledgeable as Ross. Of course you can choose your own drink, but if you're in the mood for something new, he's always got a special espresso he's eager to tell you about.

He also knows everyone in the neighborhood's name, and his fiancé, Megan, has done a great job making the atmosphere comfortable and inviting.
Very nice and friendly staff. The location is small but clean, quiet and neat. 

I tried their mocha and egg and cheese for breakfast and both were really good.
I'm rather picky when it comes to the coffee. I invest a lot in my coffee and I was extremely happy with the coffee from Function. During a visit to Philly, I came here to get a pourover and since then whenever I am in philly I come here. The name really embodies their approach to coffee; they see it as an exact science and deliver a perfect cup every time. I love it so much that I have subscribed to a weekly subscription for the beans they roast, Vibrant Coffee Roasters. They deliver them within days from roasting and they've all been wonderful.
FCL is a great place to relax, work or have a coffee over a business discussion (I've done all 3 there); it's quiet, comfortable, and welcoming. Ross is a charming host who really knows coffee and is thrilled to talk about it with anyone -- whether you're equally knowledgeable or just know you like a good cup of coffee. The shop itself is small but they've made a nice use of the space, and big windows on 2 sides make it feel open and bright. I haven't been there in bad weather, but I'm guessing it's a lovely spot to nurse a coffee and watch the rain. If this isn't your neighborhood coffee shop you have every right to be jealous.
Amazing addition to the coffee map of Philadelphia. I first came here because I was excited about a new shop that was serving coffee (and selling retail bags) roasted by Ceremony (a MD coffee roaster), which is otherwise unavailable in Philadelphia. When I came, I was pleasantly surprised to find that not only do they have great taste in sourcing their coffees, but that Ross is very serious about producing awesome and flavorful coffee. And this coffee is great. The espresso shots there are easily some of the best being produced in Philadelphia right now. Otherwise, the shop is comfortable and welcoming, and the owners are super friendly.
Function Coffee Labs is my favorite coffeeshop in Philly. Ross always has the Thesis espresso (Brazil & Colombia) from Ceremony and rotates two single origin espressos. If you're an espresso connoisseur I highly recommend doing the Duo, which allows you to taste two of the espressos. Also, while most people serve sparkling water as a palate cleanser, Ross also serves celery, which goes well as a palate cleanser.

In addition to the espresso, Ross has great pastries, which he sources from local bakeries, such as Essen.

This is also a great place to work/study/hang out near the Italian Market, has fast wifi, and plenty of outlets.

Lastly, I went to one of Ross' coffee tasting classes and found it very fun and informative. i would highly recommend.
Believe the hype! Excellent coffee in a cute, homey atmosphere, served by the extremely pleasant and knowledgeable owner, Ross. Corner shop, with nice, bright windows looking across 10th to the little park. Tasty baked goods, and breakfast sandwiches (if you arrive early enough before they sell out).
This will be my second Yelp review after having and using the app for I think quite a few years. I only say that to express that this is how compelled I felt to write a review. I am not a wordsmith either, so deal with it. 

I (somewhat) recently moved to this neighborhood and amongst all the other amazing features, Function is WONDERFUL. Ross made a point to remember my girlfriend and my name, as I am sure he does with Function's other patrons, but it really shows that they care about their customers. Aside from feeling at home with Function, the coffee and food are out. of. this. world. I am by no means a foodie, but I would like to think that anyone would agree with me that everything that Functions does is solid gold. I look forward to more drink, food, and conversation each time I come in. Thanks!!
Favorite place to get coffee in Philly. Great baristas who are friendly and very knowledgeable about coffee. Recommend the affogato with Jeni's Brown Butter and Almond Brittle, one of my favorite affogatos anywhere.
Probably one of the best cups of iced coffee ive ever had.  it was smooth, refreshing and delicious.  No need for any sugar or cream.
Perfect. That's the only way to describe it. Small but comfortable (doesn't feel cramped at all). Small selection of pastry-type items and very knowledgeable owner that didn't come off as snooty at all which, as someone who likes coffee but is not knowledgeable at all, I truly appreciate.
Best coffee experience in town. The owners Ross and Megan are very knowledgeable and friendly. Mocha latte is spectacular.
Function Coffee Labs is amazing. Ross gracefully combines the welcoming hospitality of a local independent coffee shop and the creative, fun, nerdiness of a great, 3rd wave, speciality coffee shop. 

My common experience at most 3rd wavey coffee spots in Philadelphia leave me cold and have "forgot the plot" (as Gordon Ramsay says) - a sense of forgetting to fill the space with good spirit, warm welcoming and goodness in people, as is the essential component to food service/ hospitality. 

My experience here is that guests connect with each other BECAUSE Ross shares his passion with lightheartedness, joy, and intentional accessibility. He sets the tone.

What Ross offers in terms of hospitality, and coffee goodness, is both rare and lovely. You don't need to "get it" to appreciate what he is doing here. The love in it is obvious. If you are coffee nerd you might set up a yurt in the neighboring park. 

Rumi says,"Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it." Ross is a person who loves both people and coffee freely. His heart & care are obvious.
Given all the great reviews, I was excited to try this place out. I stopped in and ordered an iced oat milk latte on a Sunday afternoon. It was past the busy time, so I was the only customer in the store. Not only was it a bit overpriced, but the gentleman handed my my drink with barely any ice, and tons of room in the top. It was about 90 degrees outside (August heat wave) and I politely asked the barista to top off the ice. He did so begrudgingly after clearly making a face. All of this would have still been okay-- if he put enough ice in the second time, which he did not. 3 minutes later, I had a watered down latte with no ice.
Great coffee, great sourdough croissants and really delicious overnight oats (which is a perfect option when you are traveling and trying not to overdo it all the time.
Cute, small place- coffee tastes great. A bit hot in there, but it was probably just that day. It could use some local art on the walls, but other than that, it's a great little coffee shop.
After two terrific experiences, it's safe to say that this place is well-worth the fifteen-minute walk I take from WSW to get here. In addition to amazing coffee, the vibes here are warm, welcoming, and comforting. You can sense that the culture here is knowledgeable yet unpretentious, and there are some unique options on their plentiful drink menu that you won't find elsewhere. Plus, the baristas are friendly, helpful, and genuinely care about what they do.

The coffee drinks here are pure perfection. I adored my cortado on the first visit and my oat latte on the second. Fell in love with their heavenly overnight oats, too. The OOs are super filling and nourishing and include peanut butter and chia seeds. 

I'll be back for more coffee and to see how their biscuit breakfast sandwich measures up. The pastries look divine, especially the big, shiny cinnamon rolls staring at me from behind the glass...
Function Coffee Labs you are absolutely awesome, I had an incredible experience here yesterday. Function Coffee Labs is a hidden treasure. Nothing but quality. The place was popping but the service was outstanding. Every single thing I had was terrific. I'm giving 5 stars to Function Coffee Labs, only because I cannot give 6 or 7.
Excellent place to stop for a drink and people watch. Friendly attentive staff. Excellent service. Great teas.
This is what I call a perfect neighborhood coffee spot. Friendly folks running it. Delicious coffee and lattes. I had a lavender latte and the girl serving it was a sweetheart. Tried a sample of their flourless chocolate cake (yum). They have a nice selection of pastries. And they are quick to explain each coffee and pastry. Very friendly. Great place to hang out and chill just steps away from the bustle of the Italian market district.
Awesome espresso drinks and out-of-this-world homemade cinnamon rolls! Holy s*%t, these things are good! We came for the coffee but left wishing we had purchased a dozen of the rolls. I will be thinking of those until the next time. The cappuccino was so good with a perfect roast for the drink- smooth, chocolate, caramelly taste. Will definitely be adding this to our regular stops when frequenting the city.
Friendly neighborhood coffee shop with awesome coffee!  The decor is charming and there was no line!!!
Function is my favorite coffee shop in the Bella Vista and surrounding neighborhoods. Their coffee is rich and delicious and they have amazing pastries like sourdough croissants, ham and cheese croissants, cookies, and danishes. They also have exciting drink specials like seasonal lattes. If you want above average coffee and pastries, Function is the place to go.

Also, Bardaschino Park is across the street and is the cutest place to enjoy your coffee.
Super chill spot. It is small but very quaint and the baristas were funny especially the one in the glasses. He was super friendly and his customer service was up to par. The coffee was of high quality. Other coffee shops should take note. I'll definitely be coming back when I'm in the area.
Excellent coffee place with really good egg sandwiches. They pay attention to the details. The hot chocolate is also really good. Can't wait to go back when we can sit inside!
My 1st time here, will not be my last. I came in due to the overwhelming amount of positive yelp reviews.... they're not wrong. Quiet comfortable atmosphere yet welcoming and not pretentious. The barista greets with a smile and 8doesn't pressure or make you feel the need to hurry and order. I was clueless to what i wanted other than "coffee", he offered to answer any questions and explain anything on the menu. A great selection of brews and ways to consume the brew, left me saying "i just want a good cup of coffee and a sandwich" and BAM! 5 minutes later that's exactly what I had.... also the selection of pastries from frosted cinnamon rolls to pecan buns! I picked a bourbon barrel choc bar and an RXbar for later. Love it.
Judging from their yelp page, Function Coffee Labs doesn't need another 5 star review. Alas, here we are!

I've only been here once, but I am in love. Came down here one morning to explore the Italian market and wanted to stop by for some coffee / breakfast. Their Sourdough Cinnamon Roll is amazing! I split it with my friend (the perfect amount of roll!) alongside a Rosemary molasses latte and was in heaven. The cinnamon roll was soft and pillow-y with the perfect not-too-too-sweet icing on top. The slight tanginess from the sourdough was amazing.

Also, the staff / setup here is great. You order inside and then wait outside for pickup by the window. There are a few tables set up outside which is super nice. Also the gentleman who took our order checked up on us a few times (but not in an annoying way) - very helpfully offering to take our trash which was at risk for blowing away or to offer a napkin when I smeared icing on my face (lol). 

Would wholeheartedly recommend this place, which is probably my favorite coffee shop in Philly! Can't wait to come back again.
Pro:  A quaint little caffeine sanctuary!  I ventured to this place after a visit to the Italian Market for a quick pick-me-up.  The ample selection of beverages is what you'd expect from most coffee shops.  However, this establishment's ambiance is the perfect mix of casual conversations, students buried in their laptops, coffee junkies like me. 

Con:  Just a tad bit small. 

Bottom Line:  I can go for a warm cup of happiness. Join me!
In fairness, the website does say that they prefer you to come and place your order at the door. Because I have three compressed fractures in my back, we ordered online and were told our order was ready five minutes later. As we live just a few blocks away, that worked for us. When we arrived we went to the door and they started preparing our order. Luckily there were not many people there yet, so we were able to sit at a table outside. The upside of this was that we had the payment and tip processed online. 

My husband had an egg sandwich and while both the biscuit and eggs were prepared without salt and there was no salt available. He loved his house Americano. I had a cappuccino and a pastry. The fruit cream pastry had blueberries and they were beautifully tart - 10 stars!

I also ordered an artisan naturally leavened bread. Unfortunately, they don't slice it and anyone that eats this bread knows that it is difficult to cut. I enjoy a crispy crust on bread, but this was so overly cooked, I might even say burnt. 

All in all, we enjoyed our Sunday morning breakfast. I will definitely go back. I took one star off for the burnt bread
I love this place! We've just discovered it since quarantine and are big fans. Great coffee and baked goods, very upbeat and community-oriented presence, amazing location that still works with social distancing (you can sit in the park!), and such friendly baristas. Highly recommended. Please visit and help keep this shop in business!
Coffee and pastry is amazing. I've always loved it here!
I recently discovered they have vegan pastries, too.
Cute and bright little coffee place. They make a beautiful latte but their coffee tastes like there are grounds in it. I had overnight peanut butter which was delicious but my boyfriend had the breakfast sandwich was was very dry and lacking. There is wifi and some seating avaliable.
This is a particularly snooty coffee spot. I say this right off the bat because if you consider yourself a coffee snob, you'll probably enjoy this place. Truly! The coffee is unique. 

But if you're like me: pretty easy-to-please, happy with a generic "small coffee" pretty much wherever you go.... I'd do a pass. 

No thanks, don't need a pour-over crafted with beans that passed through the intestinal track of a yak and then roasted over a monk's campfire flame in the hills of the Himalayas. And definitely don't want to hear you talk about it endlessly while I wait, either. 

I can respect the craft, but meh. Another Philly coffee shop that drips with the air of total superiority. Good internet though, will hand em that. Otherwise, pass.
All around great coffee spot, located near the Italian Market. A wide variety of beverages, including great seasonal drinks. I like that you can still taste and really enjoy the coffee even if you get a beverage with syrup or spices added. They have a great selection of homemade pastries, although they usually sell out pretty quickly. This place has definitely become a personal favorite.
