With over 3,000 reviews, I'm just going to make this short...came here on a cloudy weekend with my boys to try two of the supposed best Philly Cheesesteaks in the world. Will it be Geno's Steaks or Pat's King of Steaks? All you have to do is walk across the street to these two rivals.

Speak up, shout your order, the long line moves fast. The smell is intoxicating. I added mushrooms, grilled onions and provolone...upon first bite, it's super flavorful, the meat super juicy and the whole sandwich was super yummy!! If you paid attention, I used the word super 3x. It's one of the best I've ever had.

You know what I think? I think Geno and Pat are good friends! I would like to naively think that! ;)
CHEESESTEAK WAR - Geno's vs Pat's 

I know nearly every food lover who wants to come to Philly has heard of Geno's Steaks and its rival across the street by the name of Pat's. I would also assume if you are a food lover, then you've seen the many challenges on the Food Network that pit them head to head against each other. 

Now, I might be making an even crazier assumption here, but if you are anything like me, you've been wanting to come to Philly just to do your own taste comparison. It's okay, you can admit it, you're in a safe zone here. No judgment.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

THE EXPERIENCE
Geno's and Pat's are indeed literally across the street from one another, probably within 300 feet. I had no preference which I ate at first, but it happened that Pat's had an open parking space just outside their place, so we stopped there. 

Less than 10 minutes after splitting a steak with my two young boys, we were ordering our second steak here @ Geno's. The time was about 11:45am, so there were no crowds. If there is one thing I immediately notice it was how incredibly clean Geno's is, both inside and out. I'm talking immaculate. The exterior counters were spotless, the sidewalks and table were swept clean and inside the kitchen was like stepping into an operation room in a hospital. It was so clean that it looked almost new. This was a huge unexpected bonus for a germaphobe like me.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

THE CHEESE-STEAK COMPARISON
Let me just say as plainly as I can that you probably will not be disappointed with either of these steaks. I spent hours reading through local blogs (not yelp) trying to decide who has the best cheese-steaks in the city. After all, I may not be back this way in a very long time and wanted the best experience. Pat's consistently made multiple top 10 lists while Geno's did not. I almost decided to try two other places instead, but stuck to my guns and fulfill a long standing food goal.

I'm not a fan of cheese whiz, which is an understatement. I hate the stuff and wanted to go for provolone instead. But I didn't. I wanted a real Philly experience, so  I chose the whiz and the whiz won me over. I can't explain why it tastes so different and so much better on an authentic Philadelphia cheesesteak, but it does. I was pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed the flavor was and I am now a converted believer. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

FINAL THOUGHTS
These two cheese-steak Titans are worthy of a visit despite what you might read in other comparative articles on the internet. Locals may feel there are other places around town that are better, but I can say for certain I was happy with my first authentic experience being at these two long standing locations. Both have been in continuous operation since the 1930's. 

As an out-of-town tourist, I have to give the edge to Pat's. They seem to dice the meat more finely whereas Geno's gives you larger slices. I think that slight difference makes ALL the difference. I also liked the fries much much better @ Pat's but the bread was more to my liking @ Geno's.

Decide for yourself, but my personal taste preference leans heavily towards Pat's.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i78BZfqyQB0
Honestly the worst cheesesteak we had in Philly.

Came here on our cheesesteak tour of the city, and the whole thing was extremely underwhelming. The bun was a little dry and not even good. There was practically no meat in the sandwich. And the cheese wasn't even good. 

The service was really fast, you could get the sandwich immediately. But the ingredients was definitely no good and the portion size was pretty bad.

Definitely avoid! Right across the street Pats was much better.
"When in Rome......", so upon arrival in Philly, we headed straight to Geno's for a Philly Cheesesteak sandwich.   I took the advice of one Yelper and ordered the cheesesteak with peppers.  It was delicious!  Their fries were great, too, and served piping hot!  With almost 3,200 reviews this is certainly a Philly restaurant icon. 

Additionally, Geno's has been featured on the Food Network along with across the street rival Pat's. 
Who has the better Philly cheesesteak sandwich - Geno's or rival, Pat's?
3.5 stars. This is basically just expensive junk food. Kind of like doritos in steak form. It's good, I enjoyed it. But this isn't exactly a food destination in terms of quality or pricing. In my measure Geno's willingness to go the extra inch toward junky-ness put it a notch above Pat's, which was equally as junk-foody but with pretension to being better quality.
My husband and I both decided we could make better at home. Service was quick, as was the food. We split one sandwich and was glad we did. Plenty of better food in the city.
Whenever I'm in Philadelphia, the highlight of my trip is a visit to Geno's. I have not tried Pat's yet (across the street). The line for both of these places are always long, so for some reason or another (Oooo look at the pretty lights) I've just always stood in front of Geno's. 

I remember the first time I bit into of one of their cheesesteaks. I took a good look at it and was very confused. It looked nothing like what I had been eating for my 26 years? It didn't taste like it either? So WAIT, is this how a Cheesesteak is supposed to taste like? Because this tastes so different and good!

{Bread} Light, fluffy, and fresh. Holds the meat, cheese whiz, and onions in place.
{Meat} Not greasy. Not salty or over seasoned. Thinly sliced. Juicy. Though, I wish they put MORE slices in there.
{Cheese Whiz} Oh so cheesy. A bit salty. Holds the sandwich in place.
{Diced onions} Bits of chopped sauteed onions complete this sandwich. 

It's simple. Everything on the sandwich seems to highlight one thing- THE MEAT. Compared to the "Philly Cheesesteaks" I've had in the past, this was lighter and flavorful. One could have eaten 2 of these with ease. Yes, its pricey. But since I only come here once in a blue moon, I guess I'm willing to fork out some cash for an authentic Philly Cheesesteak.

Now I've got to try Pat's...
Not that good.

When you get to Geno's the first thing you'll notice are the ultra-bright, white neon lights that look like the cross between a cafeteria and an ER waiting room.

The cheese steak (I got one with provolone) was limp, semi-cold, and devoid of flavor. I couldn't even tell it had cheese in it. A disappointment.

Also, maybe I just don't like whiz, but the fries with whiz were just inedible.

On a side note: what's with the sign that warns patrons "This is America, speak English!"? This just sounds xenophobic. Why so confrontational towards foreigners? Are people who work at Geno's able to speak the local language every time they travel abroad?

French fries here are indicated as Freedom Fries on the menu, and I don't think this was a joke. Perhaps Geno's even donated money to return the Statue of Liberty to France at the time of the Iraq invasion.

Finally, all the various police emblems, which under other circumstances could have been seen as a colorful, interesting collection, end up contributing to the overall unwelcoming, menacing ambiance.
----------------------------
PS: If, like me, you're planning a nice, long walk from downtown to get to this neighborhood in the evening, think again. Although not necessarily unsafe, you'll walk through dilapidated neighborhoods with completely empty streets before reaching your destination.
Although it's been a good couple of years since I've eaten a cheesesteak I figured I know enough about these places to get some good facts across. so here goes:

1) Unless a long and obnoxious line takes you to a roller coaster, the concert of a lifetime, or a truly epic event, it probably isn't going to be worth waiting in. So if you see a long line for a sandwich don't bother, ESPECIALLY if you're waiting for this pile of junk.

2) Most real Philadelphians find wiz to be quite disgusting. Hell it's probably toxic in nature. Fortunately though if it's a legit cheesesteak establishment you should be able to order yours "wit" American or provolone cheese.

3) Contrary to popular cheesesteak ordering belief, "wit wiz" actually isn't English. So will you please stop being an ass clown Joey Vento?

4) Fact of the matter is that unless we're drunk enough to the point that we end up regretting our food choices the next morning, most real Philadelphians don't bother with Geno's or Pat's. Go to Tony Lukes, Steaks On South, John's Roast Pork, hell ANY other sandwich shop here that serves a cheesesteak, and you're bound to find something a lot better. And you might not even have to bother with a line or a server with bad attitude while you do so.

so do yourself a favor and don't believe the hype that comes with this place.
It's open late. It's food. It contains steak and cheese. Automatic 3-stars. Beyond that, I think we all know that Geno's isn't the best spot to grab a Philly while in Philly. That being said, it's not bad at all! Make sure you know what to order (always opt for extra cheese and onions) or maybe try something new (the pizza steak is fun, still with extra cheese) and you'll have a nice little 'steak to chomp on. Add some fries and you're golden. In the area and like a shorter line (wink wink), hit up Geno's. You won't be sorry. Well....
Trekking to Philadelphia looking for a good cheesesteak? Hit up D'Alessandro's in Roxborough. If you're without an automobile and don't want to venture that far, go to Jim's on South Street. Avoid this tourist trap. (Or stop by, take photos like the tourist you are, then leave.) Their steaks are good, but not worth fighting crowds for.

Geno's is one of the well-known spots in Philadelphia - find me an in-flight magazine that doesn't mention them. I've had their regular cheesesteak, without cheese, and roasted peppers (it's half decent, greasy as all get-out as they should be), and sat at on a bench outside - but ever since they posted those wonky, inflammatory "THIS IS AMERICA: WHEN ORDERING, SPEAK ENGLISH" signs, Geno's has been on my "no-go" list. The signs are a little tasteless and turn off English-speakers, regardless of origin. I'm as patriotic as the next American, but can we be more diplomatic? Maybe "Order in English please"?
For Geno's Steaks 1177 review I will simply say it's a good cheesesteak but not worth the wait and there is really no place to sit and eat. My homemade cheesesteak is better and the couch very comfortable, more importantly I will not be assaulted for wearing my Rangers Jersey like this poor guy in the video http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/Rangers-Flyers-Fight-Winter-Classic-Woodbridge-NJ-Police-Officer-Iraq-War-Veteran-136706328.html

It's just a game!
Im from New York and so I've always wanted to try a Philly Cheesesteak but in the end, im upset this was my first Philly cheesesteak experience because it was TERRIBLEEEE. I wish I had looked this place up before I got it cause it was so bad. The cheese wasnt even melted and it literally tasted like nothing. I dont get why people even buy this. IT LITERALLY WAS SOOOO BLANDDDD. I wish i had keptchup or ANYTHING to give this sandwich some flavor. I literally took one bite and stopped eating it. Complete waste of $10. Only pro of this place is that it is open late but NEVER AGAIN.

My brother wanted me to bring him back a philly cheesesteak so I ended up going across the street to Pats and the cheesesteak looked SOOO much better and my brother said it was delicious. 

DONT GO HERE. Cross the street and go to petes and save yourself some money
I saw "Geno's Steaks" on my local TV news in New York. They claimed to be the best in Philadelphia. After trying their competition across the street, I was going to see if Geno's was king. Geno's has no inside seating. They also don't take cash. This to me is always a disappointment, because I almost never carry cash. Geno's had a small line when I arrived. You goto  one window to order the steak sandwich and a second window to order the fries. I got both and the service is quick. After getting my extra cheese steak and fries I sat down to try. The streak they use is long and square. They give plenty of onions but not much cheese on the extra cheese steak. When it was time to eat it however, I was truly impressed with how flavorful the steak and cheese were. The bread was a bit chewy, but it didn't take away from the hero. The french fries are stringy, but you get a lot and they are packed with flavor. I must say I definitely enjoyed Geno's. Based of this I would recommend the location to all my friends coming to visit. I mean it's the Philadelphia thing to do!
This tourist trap has a sign that says " Order Only In English". The Late owner, Tony Vento, was a fan of inflammatory conservative vocal-vomit. He was a darling of the  'Merica idiots that think waiting in line for 30 minutes for a tasteless cheesesteak is authentic. You'd think someone with the  surname Vento, which stinks of steerage, would be more sensitive to our countries long history of immigration. But whatever, I digress. 

Three Things: 

1. Getting a cheesesteak from the corner bodega when you are staring at a double shift at your soulless wage job, working for the self-satisfied Tony Ventos of the World is authentic. 

2. Scarfing down a cheese steak made from steakums your mom bought on sale from the Acme is authentic. 

3. Getting a cheese steak for 4 bucks from a food cart during your too short lunch break from a guy 'Merica idiots think is taking their jobs is authentic. 

Paying over $7 in line with people from places I've never wanted to visit who put cheezewiz on their steak is Not AUTHENTIC. 

I grew up in South Philly and have only been here once. Rude subhumans serve the food and Rude subhumans wait in line. I'm ashamed to have gone here.
Well in Philadelphia of course you have to do the Philadelphia cheesesteak challenge. So looking up a lot of different places it seems like Pats and Gino's are the two most popular are the ones that they say to try or do. So we got Gino's first I was all over the place trying to figure out how to order cause you to order somewhere else and you want fries or drink it or somewhere else the people there and we're just OK I'm in there East Coast guys I guess they weren't really that friendly here they were probably tired of people not know how to order so that's cool anyway we got a meatball sub for my daughters and I and my wife split a cheesesteak with whiz cheese only. And you know it's OK it was pretty good but I'm gonna give it three stars because I like Pets better and we tried it next so if I had to compare the two I like Pats better I'll give it a four and I'll give Gino's at three but overall still a pretty good place but the bread was the number one thing I tasted so I would fill up pretty quickly on this
Tried an original cheesesteak ("whiz steak, wit") and found the meat to be rather tough and the whiz not generous enough. I actually can't believe that I'm saying the latter cause really, cheese whiz is not something that has been in my realm of food for...a very long time.

Geno's slices their steak long and thin, but if they stick together, as they did on our sandwich, the cheese whiz has a difficult time getting between each slice. This means that you don't really get the right balance between meat and cheese. Overall, it was the least favorite cheesesteak we had while in Philly.
While visiting Philadelphia we decided to try out both Geno's Steaks as well as Pat's. We stood in the line for this steak shop to be dissapointed when we finally got our sandwiches.

The first issue we had here was that the staff was rude and short. I get it that you want to get the line moving quickly, but how about a "hello" or something more than "ya". The steak was greasy, the bread was hard, and the price was ridiculous for the finished product. Pat's was superior to this shop.

In the end the only redeeming factor about this restaurant is that it served it's purpose in filling our tummies with average steak and cheese. The next time we visit Philly we may try this spot again, but we will have to see how disappointed we are preparedto be.

Last note, your right, this is America but don't forget that this is a country of immigrants so how about you show some respect and remove those ridiculous signs from your storefront.
Not a huge fan of this place for steaks, its more like a place to go if you're a tourist coming to Philly for the first time. 

When I went, the meat was just thrown on the roll and it wasn't even cut up, there was gristle and it was hard to chew. Not a fan of steaks not being chopped up. When it came to the grease.... it was soaking in grease. I don't know how tourists and people who aren't from the city rave about this place. 

The best thing about the cheese steak was the roll. The roll makes the sandwich, but it wasnt enough to make this a 5 star review because the steak and the cheese just wasnt doing it for me.
I'd give them 0 stars if I could. Anyone who thinks it's okay to have a sign by their register that says, "This is America, please speak English" on it, does not deserve to have a restaurant. If I had seen this before paying, I would've just left and walked across the street to Pat's. What about customers from across the world who cannot speak English? It baffles me that this place still exists and has a long line around the building.

It's a joke cause their cheese steaks aren't even good. Meat is dry and they give you a lot less meat in general. If you ask for onions, they'll probably forget since they forgot for me. Maybe my English wasn't good enough, not sure. All I know is that this place has garbage cheesesteaks and a garbage attitude. 

Pat's all day, everyday (way better meat and a lot of it!! All without racism too!)
Ugh... I'm so turned off by this place. 

I recently took my out of town family here to try a cheese steak for the first time. We wanted to try both Pat's and Geno's so we ordered one cheese steak that we all could share. I asked if they had any plastic knives that we could use to cut the sub up, they said that I had to bring the sub back up here and they would cut it for me. I asked if she could cut it in four pieces, she scoffed and said absolutely not and that she shouldn't be cutting it at all for me... wtf? 

I'm not sure what the hell that means. They weren't busy, so it's not like I was in their way. They also have all of this shitty propaganda up that says, "we live in America, order in English" and they call their fries, "freedom fries". Uhhh... it's been ten years since that cute little joke came on the scene... we're friends with the French again. 

I think they're rude and the cheese steak was just okay. 

Go to PAT'S!!
Ordered 1 wiz wid, and 1 wiz widout.

The guy at the counter gave me an attitude throughout this whole process. I got my money ready, I placed my order, basically one with wiz and onions and one without the onions for my pal who can't have onions at this time due to recent abdominal surgery. I don't know the details of his operation but doctors told him to stay away from onions and other foods. I think it's because of the acidity or something. I don't know, don't care and I'm not a doctor. With that said, the guy at the counter from Geno's kept busting our chops and mocking us about how you can't have a philly cheesesteak without the onions. He kept going on and on, his mouth didn't stop just like the owner Joey Vento.

So I let this jerk finish up our sandwiches, I paid for it and handed him back the cheesesteaks he made and walked away from the window.

Verdict - Fuggedaboutit! Where I come from, we don't take shit from nobody! We're American born too but these guys at Geno's tend to discriminate against foreigners and people who they think are foreigners but are not. We're the ones traveling the distance and paying for their product. Show your customers some respect if you want our cold hard cash! Without us, you wouldn't have any dough to pay for your tacky light displays.
Ignorant, racist scumbags that make a half-assed steak and do almost as much to denigrate the image of Philadelphia as the asshole sports fans...

I can't believe the goofy, schlocky appeal hasn't worn off for people yet...maybe the tourists haven't ever seen the Geno's cooks come out and gang-beat a Pat's customer before...like a lot of locals have. I myself have seen this everal times while eating at La Lupe 50 feet away.

The only silver lining is that they actively manipulate the Deleware Ave wannabe-guido nightclub-tourists into shelling out $8.50 for a terrible steak.

Tony Luke's or Delassandro's have far better steaks. Screw both of those festering neon distractions. They are a psychic tumor on the city.
Geno's steaks is grrrrreat!!!!


I went to see my online friend south philly Billy for a weekend in Bryn Mawr for a weekend last week. South Philly Billy lives in the basement in his mom's house in Bryn Mawr. He's got a sweet setup!!! He's lived in Bryn Mawr all his life and only been to south Philly once when all of us online friends dared him to go to south Philly bc  he was all messed up on jolt soda and melaluca pills and on a 73 hour world of warcraft binge, so we nicknamed him south Philly Billy!!!  He was so hungry and delirious we told him to go and get a real cheese steak from Geno's and he did it!!!! He usually gets his steaks from Sun Valley and that place stinks blue Nav'i poopers!!! He said Geno's steaks was like tasting what Avatar unobtainium  would taste like if it were in cheesesteak form!!! I wish they delivered to Bryn Mawr!! 

Me and south Philly Billy are online world of war craft friends but we also call each other and watch "American idol" together and I had missed a bunch of episodes bc of my current active social life and he had them tivo'd so I flew to Bryn Mawr and played world of warcraft and watched American idol together, especially bc our friend Neil was gonna be on!! Neil totally rocked the place!!! And he was totally sweating less than usual!!! But that super nerd Simon wouldn't let Neil pass. phwwwww. I totally think this idol is rigged, Neil was the best!!!!! So we drank away our disappointment....we each drank, like, 4 jolt colas!!! And I was super messed up and I dared him that we should go to Geno's steaks in south Philly...all that cool cola courage made me so impulsive!!! So we did!!

South Philly Billy is a total tough guy, so he insisted on driving...well we made it to GENO'S Steaks in South Philly and no one threw 40 oz bottles at South Philly Billy's Mom's minivan!! That was such a plus. 

The line was super duper long and we got in and South Phil Bill said that I needed to summon all my Seinfeld "Soup Nazi" power and to carefully walk in line and order fast; otherwise they might send me to the back of the line!! 

Gollly!  that place smelled so good!! There were a couple of girls in line ahead of us and they had lots of hairspray and makeup and it looked like their hair was riding a wave. South Philly Billy is totally a ladies man, he has gotten the furthest out of all of us online gamers bc he is by far the best looking....he once touched a girl where she peed!!!! Honest Abe!!! So he started talking to these girls with the wave hair but I got nervous bc I didn't want to cheat on Katia so I didn't say anything and just listened.....the girls were natives of the neighborhood and told us we better know how to order!!! I thought : "Geez Louise Antifreeze how hard is it to order a cheesesteak!??!?!?"

The line slowly moved and South Philly Billy got his steak and all of a sudden it was my turn!!! I was so nervous I was sweating like crazy!!! I slowly walked up and stuttered " one south Philadelphia cheesesteak please" 

Guy: "What the F#ck do you want?"

Me: "One South Philly Cheesesteak please"

Guy: "Wiz wit?" 

Me: What game is that???? 

Guy: "get ta the back of the line schnook!!!

This happened about 6 times and on my 7th time waiting in line I just said "YES" when he said "WizWit" and I got my cheesesteak!!!

It really was like tasting Avatar Nav'i Unobtanium in cheesesteak form!! The meat was dry and salty, and the cheese whiz had melted all the way through the bread and meat...my only complaint was I didn't order any onions! Im allergic to them!!  PHwww! I had to pick them out one by one but it was soooo worth it!!!! 

Next time I visit South Philly Billy in Bryn Mawr we are totally going to Jim's---even if I have to walk out smelling like an onion!!!
(1.75 stars)  Gino's is one of the two iconic cheesesteak stands of Philadelphia, and sits across S 9th Street from Pat's-- the original.  Being iconic, however, says nothing about quality or the dining experience.  Let's look at the dining experience first.  Under the best of circumstances you order from a long outdoor counter, and have a foil-wrapped sandwich literally thrown at you moments later.  The counter isn't wiped as frequently as hygiene would dictate, and there are few places to sit and eat.  Add to this the fact that the counter help is predictably gruff and short-tempered.  It would take some remarkable food to create a dining environment that any sane person would want to repeat.  Unfortunately, the cheesesteaks just don't measure-up.  The meat is both loaded with gristle and cooked to the point of being dry.  I prefer melted provolone and onions, and the cheese has always been only partially melted.  I've eaten at four of Philly's "big name" cheesesteak spots (Geno's, Pat's, Jim's and Dalessandro's), and believe that Geno's is the worst of the four.
Geno's has the big name, but after living in Philly and exploring the cheese-steak market in great detail...there are MUCH better places to go.

One plus is that this place is ALWAYS open. You want a cheesesteak at 5am? You got it! The ambiance is cool if you are a tourist. There is always a big crowd and the blinding neon lights are definitely a sight to see. Drive or walk by and then go somewhere else to eat!

The sandwich is just OK, with a good amount of fatty pieces left on the meat. Pretty expensive and nothing special compared to many other places I've been.

The worst part of this place is the service. When you get to the window and see a sticker that says, "This is America, when ordering SPEAK ENGLISH" above another sticker that says, "Management reserves the right to refuse service" --- That sort of sums it up. They pride themselves on being the tough, South Philly folk who will tell you off if you don't order the way they want you to. You will definitely get an eye roll if you ask for "Cheese Whiz and Fried Onions" instead of "Wiz Wit."

If you want a cheese-steak served by a bunch of people who think it's ok to be racist and offensive and serve crappy food...go to Geno's. If you're looking for a late-late night cheese-steak after a night of heavy drinking...I'd suggest Pat's across the street. If you actually want a good sandwich, go to Jim's on South Street or John's Roast Pork off of Columbus Blvd.
You know what's real American? Capitalism. Freedom to decide what business I give a dollar to. Geno's is gung-ho about "freedom fries", making sure I'm aware that white people originated in the America's, and that I should glorify a police officer who was slain in 1981 when there is MUCH more to that story.

I'm spending more time discussing the politics and marketing of Genos over their cheesesteaks because their cheesesteaks are not worth talking about. Maybe at one time 30 or 40 years ago they might have had more flavor, used higher grade cheese, and the "cute" rivalry with Pat's across the street for who's best was relevant. 

Times have changed and the area is more diverse now. The blend of cultures is apparent  and in 2013, with ways to learn of a business through social media, its not all about you (the company) anymore. I shall take my American dollar and mouth elsewhere. Oh, and I'll put my American middle finger in the air facing Geno's while I'm at it.
Geno's is not getting no love on Yelp. My cheesesteak with wiz was outstanding. The bread makes the sandwich and Geno's has the best roll.

Why not 5 stars, well Geno has some customer service issues like no public restroom and cash only. Parking can be a challenge but it comes with being on Cheesesteak Corner.

It's worth a trip for the legit cheesesteak experience. Being from out of town like me it was on my bucket list.

Bucket list is checked, so I'm not sure I'd make the trip back unless I knew I could find parking and my bladder was empty.

With all the negatives you'd be hard pressed to find a better cheesesteak. So 4 stars
This is America, and we have the right to free speech, one of the many freedoms that make this country great.  That being said, I'm going to exercise my free speech and say that the "This is America, when ordering, speak English" sign, and the numerous other signs (yes, last I checked they are still up there) outside Geno's are hypocritical, RACIST and flat out ignorant.  Plus their steaks are sh*t. 

Congratulations, Geno's, you've added nothing to this community but hate-mongering propaganda and crappy hoagies. Bravo.  I mean "well done." Sorry.
Like everyone else says, no one from Philly actually consistently goes here. it's a tourist spot. The only time it's acceptable to go when you're actually from Philly is at 2am when you're drunk. The people are rude and the cheesesteaks are wayyy over priced. And btw not everyone from Philly talks like an idiot and doesn't know how to pronounce their "h" in with. The few times I've gone I make sure to accentuate the h when I've ordered...it always pissed them off.

And like you've been reading, they're racist and have no issues telling the world that and their stances on political subjects with all the signs and posters they have up the most popular being "this is america order in english". Like honestly get over yourself Bill O'Riley  the world doesn't care what your stance is on the country's immigration policies...stick to what you're good at which is selling over priced mediocre cheesesteaks. Douchebags.
Owned and operated by South Philly trash and lit up like a shitty traveling carnival attraction, going to Geno's is through-and-through a bad experience. The way the employees seem to resent their customers for bothering them by patronizing their establishment, and especially  the obese man/woman character who slices the bread for the sandwiches complete the carnie vibe.

I'd give the food a C-, and definitely not worth the $9 or whatever it is they charge now. For my two cents, it is better than Pat's, whose meat I find to be dry and undigestible. To be sure, you will get a better steak from ANY other sandwich shop in Philly (besides Pat's) or any other city for that matter.

There is something humbling about going to Geno's. Usually when I'm there it's at an hour when most decent people are asleep (Geno's is open 24hrs). You get into a long line with money in hand, for fear of not being prepared to get out of the cashier's sight the moment they shove your overpriced pile of meat in your hand. Then there's the ridiculous streamlined ordering system (the "wiz wit or witout" shit) which I suppose originated naturally by regulars, but now feels contrived because it is mandatory. I want to gag sometimes when I hear myself say it. You slink off, happy to be out of eye-shot of the miserable people making sandwiches inside. 

Then there's Mr. Geno's steaks himself, Joey Vento. A real-life Jed Clampett, Mr. Vento comes off as a lovable lug who made it big. He seems like a nice guy, aside from his divisive political views which he has no qualms about sharing. That doesn't bother me. I imagine that if Jed Clampett went on a racist tirade about terrorists and Middle Eastern Oil, he'd be forgiven on the grounds of being a rich, overindulged rube, too.

Yet another aspect of Geno's that is in bad taste is the police and firefighter theme. Being a person who hates cops, and ESPECIALLY over-the-top, tasteless pandering, this really gets me. There is a giant plaque of Daniel Faulkner's surly mug (cop who was allegedly killed by Mumia Abu Jamal 30 years ago) right out front. 

As if this wasn't enough to dissuade anyone from going to Geno's, consider the case of the gentleman who was beaten up by Geno's goons after discovering meat delivered surreptitiously in the middle of the night was labeled as coming from some South American country from a year previous. Granted, he got beaten up for keying Geno's Hummer, but he discovered year old meat from a different continent all the same. Go America
Gotta be honest...I had zero plans to come to either Pat's OR Geno's, especially since everyone in Philly that we met said only tourists go to those places because they aren't good.  But go we did, and eat we did, so that we could experience some of the more famous dueling Philly sandwich shops around.  

We started our adventure at Pat's splitting one Philly before walking across the street to have  another here at Geno's.

First off, i'll say that Geno's is definitely the cleaner of the two.  Shiny, polished, and ridiculously fast.  From order to sandwich in hand must've been 3 minutes. We split their Cheese steak with whiz ($10 with tax)

The Philly at Geno's has meat that is cut in long thin slices, comes with cooked onions and whiz.  Here's the thing....the sandwich was lacking in flavor completely, although it looked delicious.  My girlfriend on the other hand preferred Geno's to Pat's (so taste buds my vary).  

Geno's customer service was top notch, nice, informative, not pushy (like I thought Pat's staff were), and when we get our sandwich whole, they were more than happy to cut it in half for us so that we could share.

Do I have anything bad to say about Gino's?  No.  Outside of their sandwich having a lack of flavor.  I personally think they lose the war with Pat's, but my girlfriend disagrees so the war continues.  Don't take my word on it though....

If you're in Philly and you want to experience this place, check it out!  Just understand that there are far more flavorful Philly sandwiches around the city!

P.S. Cash Only!
Wit wiz! 

I've been here twice and I keep coming back. It it's any consolation I drive from NYC Just for one of these sandwiches, and I'll continue to do it!
Geno's ranks #2 in the cheesesteak wars of Philly!  But damn that's almost as good as #1. That coveted 5 star goes to Pat's across the street ( sorry it's my review) Let's face it anytime you have steak, cheese and bun, how does this culinary delight go wrong?


Now I like my sandwich with provolone melting on mine while others want that pump shit called WIZ. In the end buy it with anything you want on it cause it's all good. 

My suggestions is know what you want prior to ordering or face the wrath. Geno himself laid the verbal wrath of God at my friend Ross for asking a dumb ass question. 

*Ross - Excuse me sir where do I get fries?


* Geno -  ITSSSS OVER THERE!!!!!!!! ( pointing finger in Ross's face while veins bulging out of his neck)


I never laughed so hard as my friend trembled more than the cowardly lion as he left Geno's presence. Thanks for the memory's and RIP.

Ok now back to review. Order some fries , coke and steaming hot cheesesteak. It's so damn good!
Oh Geno's  I really liked how fast I got my food, but I have to say where's the beef? I came here with our of town guest we shared a Geno's and a Pats cheese steak.... and the winner was Pats. 

While I have to say the glimmering light of Geno's is tempting I would most definitely go to Pat's. Not to say they don't make a tasty Cheese Steak, I will definitely give it another try.
So I remember eating here a long long time ago... but came today since I was in the area. 

Parking is iffy. I was lucky to find a spot a block away but you have to be careful of the signs.

So there was a line around the place for cheesesteaks. I found out that that line is for cheesesteaks only. There is a different window/counter for fries and drinks. Thank god I didn't wait long on that one. I just have waited 20-25mins for the cheesesteak.

It's an average cheesesteak. I opted for the original cheesesteak with provolone melted cheese and onions. They also have wiz and American cheese to choose. It costed me 10 bucks. And oh yeah- its cash only. 

Next time I'll try Pats across the street since I hear there is a street rival between the two.
WARNING: I will be cursing my a** off.

These guys are assholes who are cocky as sh*t for sh*tty a** cheesesteak. For one, their soggy a** cheesesteak is nothing but GREASE! And their meat is always chewy. To add to their crappy food, their customer service needs to change. 

You are in AMERICA where it is very diverse. How DARE you get rude with my dad who's been here since 1989 from Cambodia just because his English isn't "perfect." His English may not be perfect, but he damn sure can run a better business than you guys can. This is why businesses like yours WILL not succeed despite having gotten where you are today, it doesn't mean it'll last forever. P.S. MY parents ENGLISH may not be perfect, but at least they are intelligent and smart enough to learn to speak 4 different f***ing languages AND raise a successful family coming to America without a damn penny. Screw Geno's. A**holes.
I've met people who make intelligent, even convincing arguments against immigration. (I usually don't agree with them, but I can respect some of their points.) The owner of Geno's Steaks is not one of them. The man is clearly intimidated by the throngs of excellent Mexican and Vietnamese restaurants that have otherwise been warmly welcomed into the "Italian Market" section of the city.

Here's the evidence against him: 

a) The famous sticker on the window: THIS IS AMERICA: WHEN ORDERING, SPEAK ENGLISH.

b) The t-shirt displayed in a window across the street: "I'M AN AMERICAN SO I ORDER IN ENGLISH."

Geno's owner Joseph Vento is the grandson of immigrants from Sicily, who faced their own struggles with the English language when they landed in America in the 1920s. Of course, Geno himself is too far removed from that struggle -- he, after all, is a REAL American -- to know how difficult it is for many people, especially adults, to learn a second-language.
I really don't understand how anyone can like their Philly Cheesesteak. I guess I will avoid all food recommendation from those reviewers . 

Now seriosly, this was the worst cheesesteak I ever tried. No flavor whatsoever. Even the fries were bad. 
Not to mention they charge way to much. 
And what's up with the system of ordering steak on one window and fries and soda on another. Doesn't make much sense. 

This is my first one star review...  And the reward goes to...  Geno's steaks!  Congrats!
Ugh, Geno's is the worst. For an outrageous 10 dollars per sandwich you can get a nasty, subpar cheesesteak. Take that ten bucks and go literally anywhere else in the city and you can get two decent cheesesteaks for that price. 10 dollars a pop? You must be kidding me. Even if it is a tourist trap that is an obscene price.

Every time, and I mean EVERY TIME, I get a nasty dry sandwich. Cheesesteaks are supposed to be juicy and greasy, not dry! They can't even melt the cheese properly! When I get a cheesesteak, the cheese better be melted nicely on the meat. They can't even do that right.

Add to this how in-your-face bigoted they are and I am extremely turned off by this place. Pat's across the street is only a 3 star joint, but their food is ten times better than any of of the disgusting products here. Don't even waste your time.
I'd skip Geno's and walk around the corner to Pat's - or better yet - go to Jim's.
Or Tony Luke's.
Or Pastificio's for the real deal.

Let me just add that I am NOT a cheessteak eater - I get a Chicken Cheesesteak 'wit Provolone and 'shrooms once or twice a year.

Geno's is filthy and to quote below - the owner is a racially prejudiced "ass clown".
When I was working in Philly a few years ago, I made it a point to get my fill of Philly cheesesteak sandwiches...................so I made a list of places to hit up on, and they were -

1. Tommy DiNic's
2, Geno's Steaks
3. Pat's King of Steaks
4. Carmen's Famous Italian Hoagie

Located in south Philly...........finding Geno's wasn't too hard for me, but finding parking to get to Geno's was the biggest challenge! There is no private parking for this place, so you have to roll the dice & hopefully find some metered street parking. Lucky for me, I was able to find some street parking that wasn't too far, so I was able to hit up both Geno's & Pat's at the same time, as both rival business are just across from each other.

When you walk up to the ordering counter, make sure you're ready to order your cheesesteak as they like to keep the line moving.............there is only outside seating, as this place is like a grab & go kinda place.

Upon ordering, I ended up getting my cheesesteak sandwich with American cheeese & onions. Just a tip gang............don't do the American cheese, get the Wiz instead.......as that's the real way of eating a cheesesteak sandwich! I also noticed Geno's cuts their meat in whole slices, vs. Pat's that cuts up their meat in small little pieces.

What can I say about my sandwich? The bun was good, but the meat was rather on the dry and chewy side...........I was thinking to myself - "what is all the hype about this place?" Granted, I am not a Philly cheesesteak connoisseur...........but I know what I like as far as taste, and Geno's was just okay for me. 

I know Geno's has been around for a long time (founded in 1966 by Joey Vento), so I'm sure they have their loyal fans. 
Still worth it to make the trip out here, because if you don't try it.......you'll never know right?
Geno's Steaks are A-OK!

Having missed Geno's the first time I vacationed in Philly, I knew i had to make it there this time around. As a tourist- I wanted to try Geno's. As a Yelper- I realized there were probably better options in town. I had to try for myself. 

Of all the cheesesteaks I tried in Philly, Geno's packed the least punch. It seemed light on the steak, light on the cheese, and heavy on the bread. HOWEVER, it was still a tasty ass cheesesteak and deserves at least 3 Stars!! You Philly Yelpers have it so lucky if you consider Geno's to be on the lower end of the 'cheesesteak totem pole'- because I'd love to have a place like Geno's where I'm from!

Overall A-OK, light on the steak, light on the cheese, tourist destination #1.
Racist assholes. If it wasn't for tourist these bitches would be broke. I hope they get shutdown rude and obnoxious. I'm sure if these bitches were in NY shit won't be going like that with all these racist signs. Since were best known as the melting pot. I drove from Brooklyn for this shit hole I'm sure fucking eating cat food would of been better worst money I've ever spent. Fuck Gino's these fake Italians and fuck ya weak ass steak. I would've got better steak at "Home Depot".
Sweet feathery jesus, people!  Here's my Geno's review.. It was good.  Not the second coming or anything, but good.  Let's put it this way, I'm not the best person to review this, as Cheese steaks are meh in my book.  I know, this will be met with some disdain, but hey, we all have our own passions.  Cheese steaks are not one of mine.   
That said, the onions, the cheese and the bread - all yummy.  The steak was a bit chewy, hence the three stars.  If I just ate the bread, onions, and cheese, I'd have probably given it four stars.  But then it wouldn't have been a cheese steak.. 
Ok, so there's my review.  Let the hate comments begin.  Sorry I can't be part of your little cheese steak clique.  I'm not worthy..
Why do people eat here?

We had decided to do a Geno's vs. Pat's tasting after a concert. However, the signs around Geno's about no outside food, and condiments being only for Geno's customers, lead me to believe there is some sort of cheesesteak civil war going on here so we decided against it.

Also maybe it was the way this one guy kept hanging out the window watching us, and asking how the food was, that I never made it across the street to Pat's. It's pretty intimidating actually.

About the cheesesteak, We got the one with the cheese whiz. I can't believe I wasted $10 and about 15 minutes trying to chew this god awful sandwich. I could have done better with Steakums and a loaf of stale french bread. The meat is so fatty and fibrous, MY GUMS ARE ACTUALLY INFLAMED, the next day. I have never chewed so hard in my life. Beef jerky feels like it's softer than a feather filled pillow compared to this. The bread was not exactly pillow soft either. This is not a place to go if you have TMJ, dentures or bridgework.

The only thing entertaining about the night was all the pics of celebrities with Geno and that apparently one employee's parole officer came by to check on him (actually a friendly conversation). Honestly, I would have thrown that sandwich in the trash in the first two minutes but that dude kept watching us so to me polite I just sat there eating gristle while people watching. Never again.
"If you can read, thank a teacher.  If you can read in English, thank a Marine."
"This is America... order in English!"

I saw the giant sign about Mumia Abu-Jamal first, and other indications only once I approached the counter.  But I told myself to just ignore it, to pretend that I wasn't supporting these inherently and thinly-veiled white-supremacist ideologies.  Food has nothing to do with politics or racist dogma, right?  I ordered my sandwich and tried not to let my expectations of human dignity --or the fact that I actually felt UNSAFE-- get in the way of eating the damn cheesesteak.  

But alas.  The sandwich did not justify any of the above, nor did it justify the $7.50 and 10 minutes waiting on line.  It was too much BREAD, which was neither toasted nor flavorful.  The meat itself was bland despite being visibly marbled with fat, and there was too little of it.  The provolone was good, but who screws up bread + cheese + bread?  Onions lacked onion flavor and were a textural addition (though equally useless) at best.  Is this really what Philly prides itself on?*

I left feeling like I had just prostituted myself.  Never, ever again.  For all future patrons of Geno's, educate yourself on linguistic prejudice first, and then go to Geno's and test how much you want to vomit after forcing yourself to eat the sub-par sandwich.  I'm personally ashamed.  

*To be fair, maybe I just got a shittier cheesesteak because I'm not white.
Well that wasn't worth the hype at all, and to add insult to injury, the xenophobic and flat out racist photos and placards made my stomach turn.

My friends and I went over to Philly on our Pennsylvania road trip, and a cheese steak was the one thing that I wanted to try. Of course I had seen Geno's and their competitor across the street on TV, so we decided to have our own little Philly cheese steak challenge. Maybe I missed something, but some flavorless meat with some Cheez Whiz on a rubbery bun is this city's signature dish? And if the food wasn't bad enough, looking at placards that say, "Press 1 for English - Press 2 for Deportation" and "This is America. When ordering, SPEAK ENGLISH" made me physically ill. The utter hypocrisy of some guy who's last name is VENTO with family who OBVIOUSLY came to the US from Italy at some point is enough to make my nose bleed.

I would have rather have spent my time going to a museum and just having a Subway sandwich.
Obnoxiously long lines and mediocre meat and bread combine perfectly to provide the visiting tourist with the wrong type of unforgetable experience (Pat's across the street isn't much better).
Terrible, my least favorite cheesesteak ever.

Even shouting "whiz wit" at the lady, and she gave me attitude. Everyone looked mean inside.

While I'm a fan of chopped, I'll give this place a try, but it was oily and with no flavor. I think the super extreme blind patriotism kind of bothers me. They made a big deal about "ordering only in English." With how much they love America, isn't it weird since it's a supposed town of brotherly love, a country founded by immigrants???

Political rant aside, you're better off going the other side of the street.
Yuck. This place was so full of racist and ethnically hostile political signs against immigrants that I couldn't even bring myself to buy a cheesesteak from them, but I have tasted their steaks.  They're not very goodl.  I'm never going back to the place...

When I first moved to Philly 5 years ago, a few friends from NYC visited and wanted to try Pat's and Geno's.  They're across the street from each other.  They seem like mostly tourist places.  At that point, I had never tried either.  Most of my friends ordered steaks at Geno's first, because it's the first place we encountered on our walk there.  So, I waited in line with my friends (prepared to order my own), but was shocked by all the extremely prejudiced and ethnically/racially hostile signs all over the place.  Seriously, I'm embarrassed this is a celebrated Philadelphia "establishment," we should all be embarrassed about that type of "in your face" prejudice.  The people working behind the counter also seemed rude, so I went across the street to Pat's and picked up a cheesesteak.  

On the upside, Pat's wasn't full of offensive signs.  But both steaks were comparable, and not that great. 

Now I know that Jim's on South St. and Steve's Prince of Steaks in NorthEast Philly are the best classic cheese steaks in Philly.  If you want a good cheesesteak, try Jim's or Steve's: They're much better (delicious) cheesesteaks.  Plus, you won't be supporting that kind of blatant prejudice!
Geno's is another famous cheesesteak place in Philly and as you may already know it sits right across the street from Pat's.  The difference in this place is that it has underlying tones of racism.  The previous owner was known for retaining an "American's Only Speak English" mentality and he made it known with various signs around the restaurant.  He's since passed, and I won't speak ill of the dead, but they've gotten new management, and they've said that the new owner, who happens to be the previous owner's son, does not share any of the controversial views of his father and that they were working to remove the racist undertone from the establishment; however, I have two questions.  

Question #1: Why was my Muslim friend, who has a full grown beard, completely ignored when he was trying to order his food?  Not a "he's not speaking loud enough" kind of ignore either, they just blatantly acted like he wasn't there.

Question #2:  Is it really possible to remove a racist undertone from an establishment that has been in place for so long?  Because from recent experience it still seems to linger.  One could also ask does the apple fall far from the tree with regards to the undertone, but I don't know the guy personally so I can't really speak on that.

All in all, I really want to like and enjoy this place as it seems to be a Philadelphian staple; however, it's left a bad taste in my mouth (without having even trying any of their food.)  But I'll end this review with a lighthearted quote in the words of Rupaul's Drag Race season 7 contestant Kennedy Davenport "Girl Please! No! Sorry! NEXT!"
Not good. 

I'm sorry. I've been eating cheesesteak sandwiches for many years. I always assumed that one day, when I get to Philly, I'd have the best cheesesteak of my life!!

Well, that simply wasn't the case.

The bread was OK.

The steak was not good. A little tough. Bland.

I ordered my sandwich with provolone and grilled onions. Even wth a dash of ketchup it just wasn't good.

$10 for a sandwich. Cash only.

If you want a drink or side (like French fries) you go wait on another line.

So a sand with fries and a Coke is $14. Ripoff. 

Take my advice - skip it!!

I'm from New York. I've had MANY good sandwiches. This was not one of them.
Just dont. Why short change yourself into getting two small pieces of unseasoned, frozen meat when you can go across the street and get a cheesesteak with ACTUAL steak in it.  

Say no to Geno.
I did the tourist thing and tried Pat's and Geno's and compared. Sadly, Geno's came in second place. If I could, I would have put them at the very bottom of every list. The staff members were rude, the food was not up to par, and the decor/branding was a little over the top. 

The cheese-steak was sub-par. The meat was not seasoned and was really oily. The oil caused the whiz to be thin and runny. No one likes runny cheese! Honestly, my fiance and I were more obsessed with their onions than anything else. 

Aside from that, there is a sign on the door that reads "This is America, when ordering please speak English". Not cool.
Seriously, what is the hype about? The cheesesteaks are average (at best) with regular bread, regular meat, and cheese that tastes like processed nacho cheese. On top of that, the guy at the counter is SO RUDE. We sat near the window where guests were ordering, and we probably saw/heard 20 transactions. From these transactions, I gathered the following:

1. He's racist. NOT nice to Asians (even those that speak English PERFECTLY). There are a handful of signs that say "This is America. Speak in English." We asked him what the score was for the Eagles game (the game was playing on a TV right behind him), and he said "I see cheesesteaks, I don't tell people what the scores are." 5 minutes later, a Caucasian guy asked him the same questions, and he told him what the score was. He also gives out pens/souveniers, but not to Asian people.

2. He's rude. One guy asked for mushrooms on his cheesesteak, and he said they didn't have mushrooms. The guest paused for 2 seconds, and the guys goes "so, do you want it or not? yes or no? make a decision? come on come on." There was NO ONE behind this guest waiting to order... I don't know why he was in a hurry.

I'll never go back here again!
Tell ya what, here's the deal: for the low price of one dollar, I'll drop a steaming pile of half-digested Chinese buffet on a roll and top it off with a stream of hot whiz--not the cheese kind. Hell, I'll even encourage you to speak whatever language you wish. Then I will kick you in the junk until you vomit it all up. As terrible as this might sound, I guarantee you will be more satisfied with my offer than what you'll get at Geno's. 
 
Although, I suppose if you enjoy being surrounded by mindless masses whose insipidity is surpassed only by the overpriced garbage they're shoveling into their mouths, Geno's is paradise.

I think the fact that most of the reviews by Philadelphians average a generous 1.5 stars speaks volumes about this appalling place. Oh, and don't be confused to think that this is any kind of endorsement for that other hellhole Pat's across the street.
The reviews got this one right. We decided to have a Geno's/Pat's showdown and Geno's lost and lost badly.

We went at an off hour so we wouldn't have to wait on a long line. We had the cheesesteak with onions and whiz. When we opened the wrapper, we were greeted with more bread than anything else. The sandwich didn't have a lot of meat and what meat it had was very overcooked. There was also a tremendous amount of grease.  

If it is a choice between Geno's and Pat's, I would go with Pat's.
--- Short Synopsis ---

Pats and Geno's are a must stop (tourist) destination for any Philly visitor! Geno's is across the street from the Pats and Pats has the better cheesesteak in my opinion.

Geno's cheesesteaks seem to have more emphasis on the (firmer) bread and onions than Pats. Pats cheesesteaks have more meat and juiciness though. 

--- Detailed Review ---

For parking, there is street parking nearby as people come and go from Pats and Geno's. Geno's is cash only and a normal cheesesteak is (currently) $10. This price (~$10) seems to be the norm around Philly.

Moving onto the cheesesteaks, I ordered wiz wit (cheesesteak with cheese whiz and onions). Geno's keeps the meat in slices instead of chopping them up like many other cheesesteak institutions. This means the meat takes up less space. This is analogous to having 8 pieces of stacked and flat paper versus 8 pieces of shredded and crumbled up paper. Still, it just felt like the meat was lacking something, whether it was volume or taste. The bread was a little firmer and tougher than I would have liked, but held the cheesesteak together well.

I did enjoy the other aspects of the cheesesteak though! I liked the onions that were not overcooked to the point of no taste. Instead, I could actually taste some onion flavor and texture. Geno's puts a nice amount of onions on as well. The cheese whiz was nice and tasty. It was also put on the bread (instead of the meat like Pats). The cheesesteak was cleaner and easier to eat than Pats, but lacked the juiciness and flavor from the meat that Pats has. 

On another note, one of the more controversial aspects to Geno's is their sign stating "This is America. When ordering, please speak English." 

I definitely needed this sign, because I was going to order in Chinese (Mandarin). Of course, I am being sarcastic. I feel like this sign has caused Geno's a great deal of (racism) trouble and tension. I feel like the sign doesn't belong here. In fact, I am not sure who the sign is for, because people who generally can't speak English, cannot read English either. As always with English, there are exceptions to this and some people may be able to read and not speak English. The sign did not bother me drastically, but it was something to note.

Regardless, I would suggest trying Pats first, as it is better and the original. Then, if you still have room, maybe try Geno's across the street to compare.
I. Love. Philadelphia. 

Period.

But I hate that we're known for Geno's.

Oh Geno's. I'm sorry I took more than five seconds to order. I didn't realize you were ACTUALLY doing me a favor by taking my hard-earned money (that's right, you're not the only people who work for a living) in exchange for shitty service and shittier food. Though I admit, at least your hot sauce is good. But you didn't make that, and I served it to myself.

This place is the EZ Bake Oven of cheese steaks. I swear. Except EZ Bake products are vaguely intriguing - especially since I can't bake for shit. There is nothing intriguing about something that takes five minutes to slap together.

I'm not saying cheesesteaks aren't great. Hell, Philadelphia born and raised, right here, son! In fact, my mom's cheesesteaks, which people tell me are quite good (I tend to stay away from my mom's cooking cause she's my mom) put me through college. That and tons of financial aid. But I digress.

Because of this, I can actually say that in my lifetime I've made at least fifty steaks from scratch. It's not hard. In fact, it's one of the easiest things you can do. By a hunk of top round and chip it. Pan fry it in some oil. Add the onions last, or they'll overcook. Scrape it into a pile the length of the bread you're using, spread good 'ole American white on top so that it melts, and then put the bread on top. Spatula underneath, flip it over, and you're done. You've got an "American wit," or, for the uninitiated, a "cheesesteak with American cheese and onions."

Do they do this at Geno's?  No. The meat was cooked, to be sure. "When" is the question. If I knew I could get so much business putting under-salted beef jerky on yesterday's roll, skipping the courtesy of melting the cheese altogether, and charging eight bucks for the whole thing, I'd have skipped college and started my own steak empire so that Philly natives could hate my guts.

I know it's 3am, and I know you're hungry. If that's worth a trip to South Philly to deal with all the other drunk, pissed off people, you might as well go home and sleep it off.

Go to D'Alessandro's. They actually care about the people they serve. AND they have a respectable selection of bottled beers.

One last thing: If they're called "Freedom Fries," does that mean they come from "Freedomland?"
Geno's, you a trap, you should start a DJ gig. Soggy roll, dry steak, no flavors. The whiz had a funny, moldy flavor. The entire cheesecake tasted weeks old. My friend from Germany was visiting Philadelphia for the 1st time, the fame of Geno's (locally notorious) raised her expectations but we were both disappointed after our visit. Not only the cashier chick made fun of her accent as "sounding Eastern European" (Ya know what she's implying) and asked me twice to order in English before I even opened my precious mouth. NAH GIRL NAH. Just because I don't look american it doesn't mean I don't speak English. Have you heard of Multilingualism??? Oh course not because you are ignorant. 
DONT GO THERE.
[Pt 1 of 2]

As it was my first visit to Philly this summer, how could I not try Pat's & Geno's?  I know it's a tourist trap but what about the idiots in line that came all the way from SC claiming they travel 8+hrs just for these cheesesteaks.  When you're waiting in line for 15+ mins you start chatting with the other sheeples.  

A bit healthier than it's rival across the street.  They cook their rib eye slices over the flat top grill w/o all the fat.  This makes their sandwiches look thinner and maybe less appealing, but it tastes less greasy & fatty to me.  It's a 1-2 napkin meal to eat.

I prefer Geno's.  5 out of 5 people in my little road trip agreed.  

The fries from Geno's were ok, nothing to rave about.  

I got it with the provolone cheese & onions.  Just like Food Feuds with Chef Michael Symon from the Food Network.  Even though Geno's didn't win, I recommend giving them a try.
I avoided this place like the plague, but I just had to check it out when a friend was visiting because of god knows why.

I'm going to go back to avoiding this place like the plague. It's crap. don't go here. Yes, I'm going to use this same review for the place across the street, because they both suck.
I grew up around the corner from here and pretty much everything about Geno's is awful. The neon, the steaks, and the absurd politics of South Philly's racist Italian Uncle, Joey Vento.. this place has no redeeming qualities.

If you want to support the legacy of a white supremacist, homophobic bigot and eat the most overrated, grisly, rough cheesesteaks known to man by all means, go to Geno's. But if you have any respect for human dignity and want to eat something that taste goods, try literally *any* South Philly corner store and you'll find a better steak.

edit: ok, so Vento is undoubtedly burning in neon faux-vegas hell as we speak, and i hear his family is less ridiculous, but still, the jingoism and fascist reaction that adorn the place... na vergogna.
To pre-empt the local naysayers and their "Oh, just another tourist" comments; I grew up just outside the Philly area for 36 years. Although I live on the west coast now, I dearly miss all that is sacred to my past life; italian hoagies, questionable street corner soft-pretzels, boardwalk slices, NJ grease trucks and... the daddy of it all, PHILLY CHEESESTEAKS!
 
It is not a culinary art to this... chopped beef, American, Provolone or Wiz, optional FO, peppers, mushrooms, etc. all sandwiched into that unmistakeable South Philly roll.

Fast forward to the other day... My wife and I are packed and ready to get out to the east coast for our annual visit. We were excited to see family and old friends, but what we jokingly talk about and look forward to all year is catching up with our favorite foods. We vowed to have a cheesesteak in our hands within a short time of landing at PHL! 

We pick up the car and jet up  to Passyunk & 9th ASAP.  She had never been any further down in the past than Jim's on South so we decide to get one of each and let her decide what she likes. We park, mosey up to Pat's, order an American, get a good-old grumpy smile, "Thanku!" and move on. 

On to Geno's; oohs and ahhs for all the neon, it used to never get old to see. Joey was always proud of his palace! We step up, pay for a Wiz Cheesesteak with FO and then step to the side to the condo-counter. 

Yeah, now here it comes... Needing a quick squirt of ketchup I get in line with one other patron with no one else behind me. So while standing there, mind you as a paying customer of both establishments, the older woman at the second window leans out and screeches "Oh no, don't use that ketchup!"

Our little line freezes like she was trying to tell us the ketchup was bad, empty, etc. NO, it was not the case, she proceeds in saying towards the man in front of me "Oh no, not you sir, you're fine, get what you need." Then pointing her finger out the window and waving her hands around "You, I mean you, get outta' here with that crap!"  In front of my wife;  a first and last time customer, in front of dozens of patrons; adults and children, in front of police officers on the corner, now taking interest in me like I was causing this... 

(Huh?) 

She says again "I said get outta here with that crap, you don't use our counter, get back across the street." In my disbelief I ask her if she was joking and proceeded to explain I just bought a Geno's steak 30 seconds prior. Nothing, same stonewall, same yelling. I ask for a manager to come out, an older gentleman sticks his head out the window and yells "Are you friggin' deaf, leave!"  Now the grill boys and back of house staff crowds to the windows and doorways with the same malice. I admit it; I then yelled back, I cursed, I was furious, I was insulted and I was humiliated in front of my wife and strangers. The curses follow me as I get off the curb and walk away back to Pat's past the gauntlet of keenly interested boys-in-blue.

I do not care what your schtick or marketing gimmick is...
I do not care that times are tough and budgets are tight...
I do not care that you might have been having a tough year...

No matter what ones company does it all boils down to customer service. It does not matter if they are shrouded in filthy rags buying a $2 whiskey shooter or in Oscar de la Renta buying their third Mercedes; each and every customer deserves every bit of dignity and respect as the next. No exceptions, even if you have to lie through your teeth while holding your nose because of their smell... All are treated with respect.

This establishment did not show that they knew and/or cared to exhibit this very basic business practice. If so, I would have completely understood that "No Outside Food or Drink" meant more than just someone sitting at their tables eating a ham sandwich. We did not intend to even sit at their tables. I had done the same action for decades before without this consequence. She could have politely, privately and/or quietly asked me to move on, it actually means their condiments also.  

In retrospect now that we reflect on the actual consumption of each steak safely back at Pat's tables, my wife honestly remarked that the Geno's Steak bread was so-so and the "fried" onions she ordered with it were closer to the side of raw than the latter. My Pat's American with FO was enjoyable despite the incident, I tore thru it and then a second reorder in five minutes. The roll was soft, the onions and beef seemed fine; but I can't honestly give my latest review of a Pat's steak with certainty,  I just wanted to get out of the area as quick as possible; I was humiliated and my wife was deeply embarrassed.

All due respect to the late Mr. Bento, I apologize if I slighted your house. But I am deeply disappointed that a company believes they can treat anyone in this manner for any reason. All this over 9/10ths of a cent worth of ketchup...
They are racist and the low key Pat's across the street is better anyway. However there are better tasting  cheese steaks to be found all over Philly. Don't give this xenophobe your business, especially when its better and more for the money right across the street. Basically, trying a steak at virtually any mom and pop shop is better than what Ive tried from here. 

Don't believe the travel channel, its an overpriced tourist trap. Every time I've ever been to this intersection, Pats is busier than Geno's. But if you really want a decent steak, go to pats, or do yourself a greater favor and strike both off of your list. Steaks aren't mind blowing things anyway!
The only thing worst than the steak here are.....

I have so many ways to finish that sentence.  Let's see, the prices, the service, the suggestion that English is our official language, and the eyesore it is on the neighborhood.  I think that's the worse one.  

Who knew you could use tanning booth lights to decorate you business?  I honestly can't think of any reason to visit here.
So, so bad & so, so overhyped! 

OK - so all my Yelp friends TOLD me not to go here. I knew it was bad. Reviews never lie. BUT my head did not listen, no it did not. "But it's been on Food Network! & so many other television programs! It has to be somewhat good." How dumb am I?

On a road trip from D.C. to Boston, we decided to stop in Philly to see a few sites & grab lunch, Philly Cheesesteaks specifically. I looked up a few places, but ultimately wanted to go to the iconic Philly locations, Geno's & Pat's. 

Well, to say the least, they were both horrible. Geno's was worst though. I got a philly with the regular fixings and it was so bad I took one bite & tossed it. It was cold meat, the cheese was not melted, and the bread was old. I couldn't believe how bad it was.

Still on the hunt for good cheesesteaks in Philly next time I come back. I recommend you listen to Yelpers & DO NOT give in to the hype. If anything, go and take a pic of the iconic corner and bring a different cheesesteak to eat. 

PASS!
Pat's is better. I said it.

The service, flavor, and appearance of your cheesesteak are way better at Pat's while Geno's product not only looked kinda sad, it lacked the comforting love and tenderness you might expect from a cheesesteak. My Geno's cheesesteak (whiz wit) that I got didn't seem to have a lot of meat and what was in there tasted old.

I mean, I guess it's best that you go with a buddy, get 1 sandwich at Pat's and one at Geno's, and compare. Epstein didn't kill himself. But if it's just you and putting your money on one of the two, go with Pat's. No I'm not being paid by Pat's, just posting my honest opinion for those curious.

Geno's might have a nicer sign on the outside, but you can't judge a cheesesteak shop by its cover!
HORRIBLE.  I had a couple of great cheesesteaks in Philly, a lot in all, (Dalessandro's was #1) and Geno's was absolutely terrible.  I can not understand why tv gives this place any recognition at all, Pat's blows it away, and even it is fair at best.  The steak slices are solid, not chopped, I found them very plain and dry.  I actually could not finish the sandwich.

As others have mentioned, the propaganda is just immature and silly.  I ordered form the owner and told him i want onions and cheese.  We saide "You mean wit and whiz?"  I said I was only following his "This is America, WE SPEAK ENGLISH ONLY!" policy, lol.
Tourist trap. I do not know anyone from Philadelphia who actually eats here. 

Expensive, tasteless, wet cheesesteaks. Really bad. Just don't bother. 

If you must go to one of the 2 tourist traps at this intersection, at least Pat's is half-decent. 

Go anywhere else.
Geno's Steaks is another tourist staple for cheesesteaks in Philly (along with Pat's King of Steaks). Geno's exterior is flashier than Pat's. I came here for cheesesteaks after visiting Philly for the first time. I ordered a cheesesteak with onions and provolone. It's important to know your order before going up to the window. Geno's cheesesteak was "A-OK". All the ingredients blended well together. Lines move at a fast speed (be prepared to order!). Parking can be a hassle on weekends (street). Seating is very limited. Unless you arrive early, it's hard finding somewhere to sit. Like Pat's, Geno's is a must try for first time tourist in Philly. Comparing Pat's King of Steaks vs Geno's Steaks is always fun.
In all of my time here on Yelp I have only ever written one review before -- most of my time here is to spent promoting my business in NYC and deciding whether or not to be a patron at a local bar/restaurant/etc. But man! I'm all mad and wanting to rant! So here it goes (*ahem*)

My sister recently moved to Philadelphia from Atlanta, and so I'm here for a weekend getaway. She being new and me being hungry almost always, she suggests we participate in the little tourist trap that consists of eating a lot of cheese steak from places that are kind of old and then deciding which one is the best, a.k.a: the Pat's versus Geno's showdown. 

My Verdict: Neither of them are really all that, but of the two it's definitely Pat's. Plain and simple, their cheese steak is just much, much better. Geno's bread is hard, they don't put enough cheese, the steak itself is mediocre. Dude, it's really just not good. I mean, you could very easily make something more delicious at home and not get in a panic that you're going to order it wrong and be sent to the back of the line. Cause they do that there, apparently. And you know what that's just rude!

But hear me out cause that's not why I'm all mad and stuff. Because it's after the 30 minute wait in the cold -- yet before the first bite of plllllppp cheesesteak -- that the fury begins. Because in that window of time, ladies and gentlemen, you're surrounded by shamelessly RACIST propaganda all over the walls of the actual establishment. Have you ever seen a person or a place actually boast about being a complete racist? It's strange, it's unsettling, and if I didn't have a healthy appetite almost always I would probably say unappetizing. A bunch of bigots, I say! Bloody bigots!

So what I suggest is to, honestly, forget the tourist trap all together. Ask a local where the REAL cheese steak is, because I'm telling you this place ain't it by a long shot.  But if you just gotta go for the experience nonetheless, in the very least go to Pat's first when you're actually hungry for semi-decent food. I say order a "wit whiz" and grab a couple hot peppers to spice up the experience. Ketchup on the side is also nice. Ask for no ice if you order a soda, cause they gip you with a cup full of ice (both places do). 

But all together, don't support a mediocre establishment like Geno's. Because let's face it they're only in business because of some misguided food rivalry that got started who-knows-how. And cause it's obvious that not only do they have no pride in food quality, they have little respect for their patrons (dude, those guys are pushy) or for an entire race of people with their totally ludicrous displays of asinine, ignorant, flat-out racist propaganda. Man! This place totally ruined my feel-good vibe for, like, a solid hour! That lasts longer than the heartburn!

Geno's, I'm sorry to tell you, but you kinda suck big time in  the categories of deliciousness and, apparently, moral fiber. I award you no points.
Racist + bad cheesesteaks= giving Philly a bad rep.

Don't waste your time here, go to John's Roast Pork or Tony Luke's if you want a real south Philly experience. Or even Jim's on south street is way better.
Geno, you are not american.   I'm probably not the first to say this nor will I be the last.   Your steaks are good, but I will not go back due to your preference to be a jerk to non-locals.  

AND - your bike shop sucks....
When we visited Philadelphia, I had to go to the two famous Philly Cheesesteak places.  Are they tourist traps?   Maybe, but I enjoyed going to both places.  Geno's was our first stop.  Found street parking right next door.  Our timing was perfect cause there was no line of people.

I ordered the Cheesesteak with cheese wiz and onions.  The sandwich tasted delicious!  The combination of the rib eye steak, cheese wiz, and onions inside the bread was yummy.  No ketchup, mustard, or relish needed.

I enjoyed the ambiance and charm of the place.  The bright orange building with the neon lights was touristy cool!  Even the service was fine.

Now everytime we return to Philadelphia,  Geno's will be on my places to go list.
Geno's gets a 1 star for two reasons.

1. Their cheesesteaks are not that good.

2. They are proud to be bigots. They have signs that say "This is America, when ordering speak English!" and another one that says "I'm mad as hell, I want my country back"... Who do they want it back from? Geno is Italian name, are none of their ancestors immigrants? It must be too difficult for this bigot establishment to learn 239 years of American history.  Pretty bad business ethics and people should think twice before giving them money.
Absolutely disgusting. I didn't even want to finish the cheesesteak.

'wit cheese' is all you need to say. wit = with onions, cheese = slices of cheese.

1. It smelled like pee somehow
2. It was bland.
3. Not much meat.

It was just plain bad!
I'd been told to come here by so people that I made the cardinal sin of not checking Yelp first. My bad.

My sandwich was awful. In fact, I'd had a tastier, cheaper, and healthier Philly cheesesteak at Charlie's in the Columbus airport before coming here.

Z.
So I guess the sandwiches here are alright (declared by Mike as superior to Pat's based on their cheese application and roll) and the cheese fries were whatever. Super salty, soaked with cheese (especially at the bottom), but hot, freshly fried, and pretty tasty. Their regular fries, doused in ketchup, were much of the same, also. That said - get bent, Geno's. Dude, Geno's sucks and I hate it on principle alone. The service here blows, and not in that kitschy Weiner's Circle way where it's fun to get yelled at or mistreated by the disgruntled staff. Like, it actually is bad and not part of the fun. Everything is grossly over priced and low-grade. And while they serve both Coke and Pepsi products, but not a Mt. Dew, Wild Cherry Pepsi, or Cherry Coke in sight.

And, most of all, their crudely displayed racist sentiments are unappetizing and sleazy. Like, amidst all of the pro-police regalia are what appear to be anti-immigrant chain letters clearly printed from Microsoft Word or a Geocities page generated back in '00. Also, pictures of Donald Trump and (I heard) Sarah Palin. Okay, what the hell is going on here? What year is this? Good thing I didn't wear my "Free Mumia" t-shirt on this day. I'm going to decorate the exterior of my building with anit-Geno's propaganda and pictures of Barack. Geno's can go to hell.

BONUS CONTENT: Some of the people who come here are just as bad. A lady in front of me asked for mushrooms on her steak, and then in the fry/soda line, she asked for lemon in her Diet Coke. Not in this lifetime, dummy.
Good steaks or not, this establishment is owned and operated by a xenophobic racist piece of shit. Do NOT patronize these cocksuckers.

GO TO PAT'S!!!!
Rude, raw and indifferent. They crank out these greasy icons like a third world assembly line all but leaving customer service niceties to circle the drain.

All you have to know is that they're terrific and you'll be out of there in less than fifteen minutes. As they say in DC, if you want a friend, buy a dog. In Philly, if you want a world-class cheesesteak, you go to Geno's.
I hate to give this one star because it deserves negative stars for the rude treatment I got tearing into a rival's cheesesteak after eating theirs on their seats. I swear I could have ordered in Korean while wearing a Free Mumia shirt and wouldn't have gotten the dirty looks, finger wagging, and head nodding I got from behind the glass. I mean, if two people are going to trying to find out who's best and it's cold/rainy out, where did they expect us to sit? That's just cruel.

Xeno's, I mean Geno's, is perfect for tourists who like having Food Network/Travel Channel force-feed what they should try to eat in Philly. It's a unoriginal pile of Wiz and possibly onions on Amoroso bread, nothing more, nothing less. Frankly, I've gotten a better cheesesteak in DC to be honest. Do it once to say you ate there, then never go back!
I've never eaten here and I never will because of their racist, xenophobic "speak English" sign, which the late Joey Vento admitted was directed at the Mexican immigrants who now live in the neighborhood. Wow. A "neighborhood" business insulting the diversity of the neighborhood? What a turn off. I hear their steaks are awful, too. Also, freedom fries.

Really, why would you politicize cheesesteaks?! Aren't they something everyone can enjoy?
gotta agree with a lot of the folks on here: this place just makes me uncomfortable.  all the anti-immigration, pro-philly police propaganda was unnerving.  

the food's terrible as well.  the steaks are sloppy and undercooked and the roast pork is pretty much flavorless.  

you could certainly do worse than this place but i would never recommend it.
Mediocre at best :( My girlfriend and I went here to our second stop for the title of "Philadelphia's best cheesesteak" in our opinion. The ambiance seems like a regular fast food joint. Well it does stands out because of its flashing and glamorous look from the outside to attract tourist, so I gave them props for that. However, the lady that supervises the employees looks intimidating (at least crack a smile), he must not like her job at all. It sorta gave me an idea what kind of culture they ran in this food joint. Moving on to the food....

Although, it is regarded to be a popular place for tourist to get a Cheesesteak in Philly, the taste is mediocre. The brisket cuts were sloppy and the preparation was rushed. It was looking like a Sloppy Joe Sandwich then a Cheesesteak. The cheese was overpowering the the meaty taste. I guess it's good if I'm hungry. Unfortunately, the overall presentation was stale than its other cheesesteak competitors. Sorry, but I will not go here again to get my cheesesteaks.. One and Done!
Geno who is really Joe started with $6.00 in his pocket when he first opened his business.  His wife and son named their first born son Geno who now works with his father.  I thought that was a cool story to share.

My visiting daughter and family wanted to try some "famous cheesesteaks", so off we went to the two big rivals, right across the street from each other.  The family was all waiting for my daughter and I at Pat's, while we were at Geno's. 

I'll start with first impressions: My daughter desperately needed to use the restroom and Pat's told her to go over to the park adjacent from them!  We did and there was no restroom!  Geno's was right there, so we asked them and they slipped her into the back and left her piddle. She came out saying wow this place is so clean!

Now we get to friendliness, cleanliness and decor.  Pat's is old and dirty and has not spent one dime of their profits to stand out in these three fields.  Geno's on the other hand has put a lot into these areas.

Now for the cheesesteaks:  Even though we were all headed to Pat's, my daughter and I were so impressed with Geno's that we ordered our steak and fries there. The other five in our party stayed at Pat's. 

My daughter and I took our order from Geno's over to Pat's to eat with the others ( tacky for sure and I would have rather ate at Geno's because of the cleanliness and decor).  

First of all to order a sandwich and fries at Geno's, you must order them and pay for them separately at 2 different windows,  I can see where this works for them at busy times, but we were the only ones there.  

The meat at Geno's is much, much better than at Pat's.  Everyone, but my stubborn son in law agreed.  The bread is better at Pat's.  The onions are raw at Geno's and sauteed at Pat's.  With a grilled sandwich I would have preferred the sauteed, but I did order a cheesesteak hoagie, so that may be the reason.  Pat's uses more cheese.  I had provolone. 

All in all, if you add it all up, Geno's definitely has the better of the two cheesesteaks and wins hands down for decor, cleanliness and friendliness.
When yelping about Geno's there are just so many directions that you can take this. One could rant on the awful racism that is plastered all over the establishment. Another direction could be the deplorable customer service they display even in some of their signage which directs you like you are a three year old.

The easiest and most direct route is the fact that the establishment is nothing more than a glorified tourist trap that has made it's name and money on the backs of others claiming to be "true Americans".

For this yelp I'll just focus on the food and leave the other stuff to those with more time on their hands ;)

As many others who have been sucked into this tourist trap I had an expectation of having an excellent authentic Philly Cheesesteak. After all if you didn't grow up in Philly you assume you have only experienced mere imitations at your local sandwich shop or perhaps even frozen food section. Well after eating a cheesesteak from Geno's my first thought was, wow I think I'll stick to the frozen ones.

The cheesesteak tasted a bit like a piece of cardboard you may have munched on when you were five (hey maybe that's why the signs are written that way) with some cheese and lots and lots of grease... Did I mention it was greasy. I was very disappointed but hey it was a $9 learning experience, but for that price I could have picked up two at Wawa and been more satisfied (no, Wawa does not have the best cheesesteaks for those reading this that are not from around here)

Let's face it, no matter what we yelp people will go to Geno's just to say they went there, that's how they stay in business. Just a word to the wise, when you have choked down that greasy cheesesteak, don't bother trying another one, save the 9 bucks for Pat's across the street so you can say you tried them too. Then when your finished with Pat's go and find a real authentic Philly cheesesteak. :) 

If you are wondering where... Hey that's what your yelp is for :) Look up somewhere with good ratings from real Philadelphia residents. I can point you towards Tony Luke's but hey I'm a New Yorker who is transplanted to Delaware, so Im not up on the latest and greatest Philly has to offer.
I'm not a big fan of their ignorant signs or cheese steaks, but I loved their cheese fries! Thinly cut, crispy and served in a cup with a blanket of gooey wiz. Can't beat that! 

However, if you're looking for a good cheese steak, I would recommend you go to Jim's on South Street, Steve's in the Northeast, or Phillip's in South Philly.
I wish I could give this place zero stars. Not only was their Philly cheesesteak disgusting, their tacky, ignorant signage was absolutely vile. I am so upset that I didn't see the horrible racist stickers until I actually bought the damn sandwich (bread was stale and hard, meat was dry and bland, provolone was virtually non-existent, I had to douse mine in ketchup and salt to choke it down, shoulda just saved myself the calories and thrown it out). Please do not patronize this awful "establishment".

We went to pats afterwards, though it costs fifty cents more, I suggest u do the same, the bread is softer and the meat actually has flavor. They obviously don't need the negative publicity and tacky signage Geno's relies on to make money.

Note to self: always always check yelp before deciding where to eat!!
I must have came on a bad day because my cheesesteak was bland, dry, and totally not worth the $10 and some change.  The cheese wasn't even melted! The bread was very chewy and... nothing was enjoyable.  It was even harder to eat since we had Pat's right before and Pat's is HANDS DOWN waaaaaaaaaay better.  The cashier was rude, too.  Icing on the cake!
I like so many others tried both Geno's and Pat's for their infamous philly cheesesteaks and I enjoyed them both. The line was long and worth the wait. The first time I tried this place I was on a bus ride and there were several buses that stopped. I remember the lines moved pretty quickly and it helped if you had an idea of what you wanted.  I ordered my sandwich with a little onions and a little cheese wiz and it was good. The second time I came with a friend and the line wasn't as long and we were able to confidently say what we wanted on our sandwich. The sandwiches were good and fulfilling. The staff are always friendly and they work really hard and fast to maintain the crowds. Kudos to them. 

Yes, this place is a tourist spot so if you haven't ventured here yet, do so to complete the popular taste test on your own. I wouldn't hesitate coming here again and having a good ole original philly cheese. Just be prepared to wait on the long line.
Underwhelmed, you can find better cheesesteaks at most pizza places in the greater Philadelphia area
It was a long wait just to get a philly cheesesteak so maybe that's why I had such a high expectation, but to be honest it was not worth the wait or the hype.  The only thing that got me excited to be here was the hype, took some pictures after eating my food.  Unfortunately I hve to say that I had way better somewhere else, even the fries was just extremely salty and nothing more.  

I feel bad talking about it like this, but I really don't get it.  Hey if you do like it and enjoy their philly cheesesteak good, but for some reason it just didn't do it for me.
My friend and I went on a Saturday afternoon and there was a small line down the block. The line moved quickly because everyone there knew exactly what they wanted. 

This was my first time there so I'm not sure what type of setup they had before. But for these COVID times - there is one window where you can order the cheesesteaks and another window where you can order your drinks and fries. There are seats all around the block. People here are polite and do not hold seats, they only sit down when they already have their food in their hands. Also, they were good at finishing up quickly, so we were able to find a seat immediately when we got our food. 

I ordered the "whiz wit" - with the advice of my friend who didn't want me to embarrass myself, I googled how to order like a local. Apparently, there is cheesesteak lingo for quick ordering. I still don't understand why "wit" means "with onions" but who cares, I got my order exactly the way I wanted. My cheesesteak (with cheez wiz and onions) was ready within 30 secs. After I ordered, I stood around the window and the lady called me when it was ready. The steak was perfectly sliced and seasoned. The cheese melted in my mouth and blended so well with the onions. The onions were also cooked well, it had the perfect crunch and it wasn't soggy at all. My second Philly cheesesteak from Philly ever, and it did not disappoint. My goal is to keep coming back to Philly to try all the famous spots so I can pick the best one.
I put a star so my review can go up. However, it is completely unacceptable and shameful that such a "landmark" with subpar sandwiches (by the way) is still popular despite what is a blatant hateful, offensive, racist, and xenophobia sign that says he wants "his America back." Ignorance gives me indigestion.
I guess I shouldn't be surprised to see so many negative reviews for this place.  I am not a cheesesteak expert by any means but I certainly enjoyed this one more than Pat's as we went there 1st and here 2nd.  I liked the bread and meat better here.  I also felt a lot better after drinking tons of alcohol at a wedding the night before.
DO NOT GO TO GENO'S STEAKS.
IT IS RUN/OWNED BY A BIGOTED, RACIST PIECE OF HUMAN FILTH.

First I'll discuss THAT...then the food.

Geno's is notorious because a short while ago owner Joey Vento posted up signs that said he would refuse to provide service to people who ordered in any language other than English. It said ""This is America. When ordering please speak English." 

A discrimination complaint was filed with the city of Philadelphia and Vento defended his racist, discriminatory policy in court. He claims he has a problem with the current immigration situation in the United States, and that his sign was an issue of free speech. He's right, of course; he can SAY whatever he wants as long as he doesn't actually deny customers because they speak a foreign language, or treat them badly because of it.

However his sign belies a deeper problem: Joey Vento believes that if your first language is anything other than English, you aren't an "American." He believes that real Americans speak English. This is both ignorant and false, and coming from the son of Italian immigrants it makes it doubly offensive.

Vento is PROUD of his racist hate message. He distributes pens from that say "Proud to be an American"; next to this is a photo of him smiling and pointing at a sign that says "Management reserves the right to refuse service."

Guess what, Mr. Vento? That old chestnut "We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason..."? It's an old wives' tale. There are lots of reasons why it is COMPLETELY ILLEGAL to refuse service to someone, and their race is one of them - along with gender, religion, political view and many more.

There are plenty of reasons not to eat at Geno's Steaks in Philadelphia; another good reason is that the food tastes like horsecrap. It is truly a tourist cesspool that draws people in with big neon signs; I live three blocks away and frequently I have to detour around another block when going out to run errands because the line at Geno's runs around the corner.

The bottom line is, if you eat at Geno's, in addition to getting food that tastes like it was crapped onto a plate for your enjoyment, you are also supporting a filthy racist bigot.
First time in Philly, so we did the touristy thing and went to Geno's. We were gonna split one there and one at Pat's for comparison, but the lines were so insane that we decided to just stick with Geno's and try Pat's another time.

In fairness, the line moved pretty well. It was wrapped pretty far around the building and we made it to the window in about 20 minutes. I had brushed up on the ordering process before hand, so the actual transactions went smoothly.

The food itself was pretty unremarkable. The fries were decent, but it was all way overpriced and the cheesesteak was disappointing. Not much meat, especially for $9.

As far as the vibe of the place, I gotta say that late owner Joey Vento must have been one of the world's great assholes. Dumb, racist stickers on the windows demanding people "SPEAK ENGLISH." Behind me in line were several groups of Asian students and tourists, many of them seeming to have a fairly shaky grasp on the English language. And why wouldn't they? So don't worry, Joey Vento, wherever you are, I was embarrassed enough for both of us. I doubt I'll ever be patronizing your place again, and I'll make sure to steer others away as well.
CASH only

Bf and I decided to end our day with a Pat's vs Geno's showdown by splitting both cheesesteaks to share.

ORDER
- Wit provolone philly cheesesteak ($10): lots of chewy bread to soak up the juices of less flavored meat. The juice wasn't dripping out of the cheesesteak, but there was still a lot of grease all over the wax paper wrapper. Meat is still intact in slices. Too many onions and I felt like they were just boiled down and not cooked with the meat. Peppers here are not as spicy, so I liked it more.

For the quality and amount of food you get, definitely not worth the $10. I really liked the wrapping paper here at Geno's. More sturdy. Fries looked better too. Doesn't look old/refried multiple times.

Verdict: Pat's
