Loved visiting this outdoor bar & garden for memorial day! They had a live DJ and were constantly grilling out on the patio. It smelled so good you wouldnt be able to resist ordering

They also have an indoor, more lounge-y area where the restrooms are but we stayed outside to enjoy the weather 
---chino hot dogs: comes with 2 dogs, very juicy
---grilled cheese steak sandwich: I liked the cheese but the steak was a thick slice which made it hard to eat
---drinks were okay

NOTE: its right next door to the pool club vespar
H O R R I B L E!!!
I made reservations for this place for a Wednesday evening at 8PM. I arrived about five minutes early. 

The snarky, non-apologetic hostess says "um yeah you're gonna have to wait, there's a 30 minute wait"
Me: ok...but we have reservations.
Hostess: we had late arrivals and walk ins so you need to wait
Me: ?
Hostess: I will call you when your table is ready it will be 30 minutes
Me: ok thank you!

I am never rude in these situations, it's just not my style. I thanked her, despite her rudeness. 

So I went next door for a drink until she called...she NEVER called.

This restaurant never called me. And I couldn't make any other OpenTable reservations because they thought I was dining at this place!? 

Not only was this an awful thing to do to a new customer, but she had such an attitude like I did something wrong!?


Figure your organizational skills out. I will not be back and will not be recommending to others.
This place is amazing. I don't think there was anything we ordered that I didn't like. Sliders, mussels, buffalo chicken sandwich, calamari, cauliflower bites. Everything was phenomenal. The drinks were great too. We got bunch of pitchers and they were delicious. It's great to go out with big groups too. They have private heated bubbles so you can sit outside even when it's cold or raining. Loved our meal!
This is such a cute spot! Came here for a surprise birthday party and food was awesome especially the fried tomato and chicken sandwiches! I came here on a Saturday evening and there was a live band playing as well! Germantown garden is the outside of the vesper day club/pool. My friends and I talked to management and they're re-doing the inside so look out for that!
We found this place while walking our dog to second street dog park. It was a good day in the middle of winter to walk around with a high of 60F. The garden entrance was captivating with a sign that said dogs are welcome. This was perfect since we had our pup along with us. 
We entered to find that there was live music that weekend. Apparently it happens on all the weekends. We asked the host if they would allow us to sit inside with our pup and she said Yes. This was so cool. As we were seated the music finished.  So we never got to enjoy the live music. They switch to lounge music. The ambiance was very loungy with sofas and comfortable seating everywhere. We ordered a pitcher and requested less ice. Instead we got a pitcher of ice but just less alcohol. A bit disappointed. However the cocktail pitcher was unique and tasted well especially since it had dragon fruit inside and blended well with Gin.
We moved outside where there was a transparent tent with couple of chairs. They got a towel for our dog to sit. We finished our pitcher which filled 3 glasses in total instead of 4. They got a dog water bowl for our pup. So our pup felt treated well. They garden backyard was spacious, lot more seating and completely empty that day. Our pup had a good time. We were there for over 30mins but no one came to check on us or ask if we needed anything. We wanted to try the food but since the drinks were done we went inside and cleared our check.

So, the rating is 3.5 stars but I'm round to 4 just to support a local neighborhood bar. Also, because people inside were very polite and took great care of our dog.
There's no doubt that Germantown Garden is an Instagram-worthy spot to grab drinks for Happy Hour. I want to preface my review by saying the three star rating is based on the flavor of the food and not the service or appearance of the establishment. 

A friend and I had a reservation for 7:30. When we arrived, there were no customers dining outside and one person inside sitting on the sofa. We basically had the whole place to ourselves. All the employees I came in contact with were wearing masks and the inside of the restaurant was immaculate. I was impressed with the COVID protocols and the cleanliness of everything. 

Our waiter came over and let us know that we could look at the various menus electronically by scanning the QR codes available on the table. Service was great; I have nothing negative to report about the service and wait time. 

We stopped in on a Tuesday and the special of the day was $10 mussels with a choice of red or white sauce. My friend ordered the mussels. They came with a few pieces of garlic bread. 
For my meal, I got the Hunnies Crispy Tofu Sandwich. This is where GG didn't win me over. Do I think this sandwich had more potential? Yes. I wanted so badly for it to be a favorite, but it was kind of dull. I was expecting more flavor. It had a creamy chipotle sauce smeared on the bread and a weird cole slaw mixture. It just didn't do it for me. The Chino's fries were crispy and delicious. 

I'm happy to say I can check Germantown Garden off my bucket list, but if I return, it'll only be for drinks. The food definitely needs some improvement.
You see, my s.o and I reallllllly enjoy the aesthetics and ambiance of this place. Even if you are seated on the outside of the establishment it still gives you a vibe to rock out with (I love ppl watching). However, we decided to drop in on a Saturday night around 8pm. The place was pretty empty but the pool area had just let out. The hostess proceeded to tell us they were booked for the rest of the night. My s.o pointed out clearly how empty the space was. I've worked in the service industry and I've been in the night life long enough to know what they're trying to achieve in terms of being "exclusive". Despite the hostess saying she couldn't accommodate us, I took it upon myself to find a space at the bar for us. We were there for two hours, racked up a $250 bill and there were about 10 open tables by the time we left...empty. Also, DO NOT GET THE SEAFOOD TOWER!!!
Service was great!... location was pleasant and joyful and the taste was good but not fullfilling... parking was difficult to find and price was high for the amount serving. I would recomend it for a light snack and a good hangout.
Very disappointed in my experience at GG. I booked reservations here for an anniversary dinner based off the menu and Instagram account making it look like a nice place. We arrived to find out there was no AC and it was actually 95 degrees that day, felt like 100 in the restaurant. We were sat right next to the giant screen with music blasting so loud we couldn't hear each other speak. Trying to give it a chance we ordered wine, to find it served in plastic cups. After 10 minutes we both knew there was no way we could eat in that kind of heat. Overall the vibe of the restaurant is very confusing, based off of their Instagram and menu they serve what looks like nice meals, but were playing the 6 o'clock news on a 50 ft screen while the Pussy Cat dolls were playing in the back ground. After laughing at how ridiculous of a place this was and being drenched in sweat, we left and went somewhere else for dinner. Would not recommend this place for a special meal or date and absolutely wouldn't recommend if it is remotely hot outside.
I originally made reservations at the Germantown Garden today for me and a close friend that was from out of town. My experience here was one I did not expect. For starters we were seated at a table that was leaning and staring at a wooden wall which we did not like . We asked if we could be seated somewhere else due to the table not being stable. We asked to also speak with a Manager twice but to no avail we kept being told the same thing by our waiter that every table was booked and only available for a 4 top. Meanwhile there were 3 different tables around us that was for 4 patrons but only 2 ppl were seated there. Our waiter name Alex stook about 30mins to take our order. Menu was not fully explained and we were also unaware of what time the brunch menu was over. Finally our waiter came to take our order rushing but she quickly stop taking our order to go and take a couples order that was seated for literally 5mins next to our table. Our waitress was more attentive to the couple that was seated after us than she was to me and my out of town guest. As we waited for our dinner to come out we noticed the couple sitting next to us appetizers and dinner come out before ours. Mind you we had been here at least 45mins before them. I will not be returning due to this experience. Hopefully moving forward Germantown Garden will be able to take this review and see what needs to be fixed so that this will not happen again to anyone.
I've found that 3.5 star businesses can be hit or miss and this was definitely a miss... 

I came here with 2 of my girlfriends for dinner; I looked at the menu beforehand and saw a few items that interested me: the fish sandwich, Chino's Sea Fries, the skillet cookie and C'est Si Bon (sans alcohol) - I ordered them... While I waited for my food and drink, I washed my hands in the restroom - I was disgusted to see that the tiny trash can was overflowing with paper towels and who knows what else... I sat down at the table and my drink arrived shortly after, it was delicious and just as pretty in person as it is in the pics posted on Yelp. My fish sandwich and fries came out shortly after - my sandwich was dry and the fish was fried too hard and didn't have much taste; the Sea Fries (which are served with an underwhelming cheese that was similar to nacho cheese sauce dispensed from a machine). I was not happy... Because I wanted to enjoy more time out with my friends, I ordered dessert - the skillet cookie; it was more tasty than my fish sandwich but it was a little too sweet for my pallet but when it was brought to the table, it was without a utensil. After I asked, a spoon was presented to me but not without nonverbal attitude from the server :-/

The best part of my dining experience was the waiter, Brandon - he was charming and funny. He did everything that he could do that was in his control to help us make the best of our experience.
Recently went to Germantown Garden for a group brunch - 9 people. The experience was VERY underwhleming. I found the $29 for bottomless mimosas to be a bit high, considering that they bring a pitcher of pre-mixed mimosa full of ice. Clearly they are trying to sneak water in wherever they can... I was the designated driver for the day, so I was the only person that opted not to do the bottomless mimosas, and I think the fact that I was sober made this an even more brutal experience. 

Our server seemed a bit overwhlemed. She had one of those small toast tab ordering tablets and went around our table taking all of our orders. Many people in our party opt-ed for modifications, and I believe that may have led to the many, many mistakes. I had ordered the Cheesesteak Hash, no modifications and another person at the table ordered a chicken sandwich with bacon and a side sauce. Both of our orders came out together, but 15 minutes before anyone elses. The "runny" eggs on top of my meal looked like plastic. It was clear that they were made a long time ago, and sat under a heat lamp as the kitchen prepared other meals. Also, the "ribeye" was obviously Steak-Umms, and it did not come with the corn tortillas advertised. Instead, I got two pieces of wheat toast that piled on top of the very small plate. The chicken sandwich came out without the side sauce and without the bacon. Instead, a side dish of bacon came out. The two of us sat unsure if we should start, because we did not want to be rude, but our food was starting to get cold so we started. My eggs were not runny, but I was too hungry to make a fuss.

As the orders continued to come out, our server asked another person at the table for clarificaiton on what he had actually ordered... she informed him that she would be re-entering the order because she had messed up. Two of us were already served, but his meal was just now being entered... strange. Then another chicken sandwich comes out with the bacon on it, but missing the sauce. Since no one else had ordered one, it was clear there was a mistake. Another person at our table ordered the Cheesesteak hash as well and asked for them to add arugala. When his meal came out, he received an additional side of potatos with a few pieces of arugala on it. This was also strange and not what he had asked for... so he had to ask for me arugala. We felt like such a pain, but we were also frustrated. Plates continued to come out two at a time over the course of 45 minutes. Everyone was started and finished at different times. The experience was very disorganized.

When the check came, we noticed that the prices were different from what was advertised on the menu. The cheesesteak hash is listed at $16. On the check, one was $17 and the other was $18... I guess the arugala was additional, which is fine. But why was my dish, with not a single modification, more than listed on the menu? Gratuity was also automatically charged at 20%. We decided to leave it as is, pay, and go. We had complained enough throughout the meal.

The only reason I would go back would be if I was desperate for a place that could accommodate a large group, since that is difficult in the city right now with restrictions.
Let me start this off by saying, any place that serves frozen margaritas is already a plus in my book. This is my bias and I've accepted it. I came here on a Sunday for brunch with a few friends and was happy to find that they had outside seating. I was a bit cold, but the outside fire lanterns definitely helped a lot. 

The food itself was decent. I ordered the chicken sandwich, which came with fries. The sandwich was meh, but the fries were great!! They have a few different menus and a lot on each, which was a bit confusing to figure out because they're only available online via QR code. I'd verify with the waitress to make sure you're looking through a menu that they're cooking from at that time. The margaritas were really the main attraction for me. It was strong and tasty, like a frozen margarita should be. 

It was great eating out again so I appreciate them making that possible in a safe manner.
Everything was bad about this place except the servers. They were very nice and did their jobs well. But the restaurant is really nothing more than an Instagram
photo op with neon light signs and fake plants. The food was extremely underwhelming and everything was low quality and tasted pre-made. The drinks were expensive and warm. The music was too loud to hear each other without shouting. I think the only way this place would be enjoyable is if you're plastered heading over from Vesper. Otherwise just don't do it.
I went here on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. Drinks are decent but not very strong and food is average. I enjoyed the service and ambiance though, very pretty place.
This place is great! 

Came here for a bridal brunch. 

The service was great. 

The food was delicious! 

Great place for photos. 

Indoor and outdoor seating depending on which side of the restaurant you want to be on. 

Parking is tricky, but it's Philly and that's true all over. As long as there's no sign saying you can't park there, I say do.
If there was a rating below a 1 I would give it. We had a reservation for my friends birthday the host was on his phone and had to be tapped by another worker to speak to me. When he took me to the garden that only had 4 tables with people the host said "she'll be your waitress and get to you when she's done over there." So I ask should I just stand here? He said, "you can sit at the bar." There were at least 8 tables that the "host" could have sat me at. 15 mins later I'm still sitting at the unmanned bar where the waitress walked past me at least 5 times. I had to get the attention of another waitress who was very defensive "I didn't see you" THAT was a great greeting don't you think!?! She finally sat me after talking to the lady that should have been my waitress who said "you can have HER if that's easier for you" sat for 10 more mins and I was able to score two cups of water! I wish I could tell you about the food but at this point we got up and left. But not before speaking to the manager. Here's the thing about executing on an idea.... you have to make sure you have the right people in the right place supporting you dream. While the place looks nice the service made me X this place off of my list of go to's in Philly!
It was my first time going and I didn't have extremely high expectations due to some reviews I had read but I wanted to go because of the current collaboration with Hop Sing. I will start with that, the pitcher from the Hop Sing collaboration was fantastic, 10/10. The food was the low point. We got the buffalo chicken sandwiches, and I paid a two dollar upcharge to have them come with "seafood boil spice" and cheese sauce. The server described them akin to Chickies and Pete's so I went for it. The buffalo chicken sandwiches were just chicken tenders in buffalo sauce on a bun & the small portion of fries barely had any seasoning and the cheese sauce was cheese wiz. I definitely wouldn't go back for the food but I would for the drinks. The atmosphere is nice, it's a cute little oasis, but the food game needs to be stepped up.
Found a hair in my food, enough said. They have a cool environment inside and out but when you have a black coarse hair imbedded in your chicken crisper, it's a little off putting. Sad to write this review, I really wanted to like this place.
We showed up here on a night there was a special event. There was a miscommunication between door staff, management and bartenders about if we could or could not be there. Eg was escorted in by a manager and told to hang out but then told by bartenders we couldn't be there. Eventually we asked to speak to the GM. Ryan came out to see us and really went above and beyond expectations. He comped our drinks, offered us a day at the pool club and then after that he called the special event coordinators and asked if it was ok that we stayed at the private event and they said that would be fine. It was a great night and we really respected how he handled the situation and making an uncomfortable/confusing start to the evening turn out excellent. Also the food and drinks are pretty awesome!
Really cute spot! The garden is gorgeous. Music, food, ambiance all on point. We went on a Sunday and it was super chill. Could be a great date spot or just to catch up with friends. Fried green tomato sandwich was so good. Highly recommend this place!
This place is awesome!! The drinks are delicious, and oooh the smell of that grill, how can you not order something?!?! Had such a great time here, I highly recommend the location ... get some of the grillmaster Azhar's good food too. He answered all of my questions and made sure that our order was perfect. It won't disappoint!!
This place was amazing. I had been meaning to check it out for a while ever since I kept driving by and seeing their cool garden from the outside. Finally came today for brunch and it was a great decision.

The garden is gorgeous and lots of seating, including couches and a big Central bar outside. 

The cocktail pitchers are a good deal and delicious. We had the gin one and we shared it amongst 3 people. I also had the brunch burger and it was a great burger with some of the best fries I ever had. Everyone in the group devoured their plates. 

The service though was really awesome. Everyone was very sweet and attentive with our table. It was a great experience overall.
So disappointed. The menu looked amazing but the customer service was horrible. The hostess stopped us from going to the bar. We were planning on waiting for the rest of our party there. Instead she wanted us to check in, which is fine, but we had to wait while she had a 15 min conversation with a waitress. Really? Then we were finally checked in but couldn't be seated until there were three more people in our party. Which again is fine, but that's why we wanted to goto the bar to wait. We finally get in and sat at a table for 5 min with no one asking for our drink order. We left
Wanted to like this place, but they wouldn't accommodate a table change request even though the restaurant had plenty of open tables. The problem was our table was literally as soon as you entered the restaurant right by the door. With COVID, no table should be that close to a heavily walked through area. And if you seat someone there and they request a change, it should be understood and accommodated if there is other seating. Won't be returning.
Staff was friendly and very helpful
I wasn't a fan of my drinks because it was tart but it was strong
Menu was limited due to COVID restrictions n what-not.  Didn't order any food since there wasn't anything I actually wanted. 
Nice atmosphere to just chill and catch up with friends.
My daughter suggested this placed based on reviews from TikTok.  We had a WONDERFUL dinner experience here.  All of the poolside pods were full, but our table with the gas fire centerpiece was just fine.  There were many interesting items on the menu, so we didn't feel like our choices were limited.

We chose the Buffalo Cauliflower as a starter and let me tell you, if I had a blindfold on as I ate it, I would swear I was eating boneless chicken wings!  Our entrees were delicious as well...I ate a bit more than I planned to because it was so good.

After the entree, we considered ordering dessert. We saw a few of the rainbow cakes going by our table which looked very festive.  It was a humongous slice of rainbow cake with a cotton candy topper and a candle that looked like it could be a firecracker.  We decided on the Oreo cheesecake which, while not as festive as the rainbow candy firecracker cake, was creamy and perfectly sweet.

Oli was our server.  We loved Oli!  Oli had such a delightful and upbeat vibe and definitely contributed to the lighthearted and fun dinner experience.  Oli made recommendations, anticipated our needs, and was just overall AWESOME!  

We are people watchers so if you too like to watch people (in a non creepy way), you will enjoy this place.  We had a table between the poolside pods and the entrance so we were able to see everyone coming and going.  We saw a bit of EVERYTHING walking through that door.  Prom attire, ready for the club, girls night out, first date - everybody was there.  From sparkling blinging gowns (with matching shoes and mask of course) to the jumpsuit with sneakers- all of it could be seen here; a people watcher's paradise.

The prices were great!  I was surprised at the bill when I received it because I have been many other places where the ambience not nearly as delightful, food not as delectable, and service not as spectacular that charged a lot more.

If you are in Philadelphia, I would recommend checking this place out for an interesting experience.
What a special place, so nice and quaint. Good music, food and cocktails. Burger is fire as is the Fried Green Tomato Sandwich. Place is a jewel to the area.
Had a great time here for a birthday celebration!! The food was great and so were the drink deals. Rebecca was our server and she was amazing!!
What a disappointment this evening turned out to be due to the total lack of good customer service. As a past and frequent patron of this restaurant I have been very satisfied with the level of customer service but this evening was a bust . Myself  and four guests despite having made reservations with restaurant were turned away and received the total opposite in good customer service from the hostess and staff . I like to frequent local establishments with my business but due to the rude and very dismissive behavior we received this evening we will not be returning .
Had reservations and still had to wait OVER an hour for my table. Horrible food and had to remind my server MULTIPLE times that my food/drinks never came out. Don't go here. Thank me later!
Ambiance. Ambiance. Ambiance. This place has it in droves - it's the physical embodiment of bokeh in a bar. I'm stunned that it's not more packed than it is. Be here or be squeeare.
Wish I could give this place 0 stars. Will be posting on yelp to make sure people avoid this place at ALL cost. We live in the Piazza across the street and decided to give this place a try, because the menu actually sounds delicious. We show up at 7:12 - there are two couples seated. The poor bartender, Rebecca (who was a sweetie!) was the ONLY person working at this establishment. Not kidding, hostess, bartender, bus boy and food runner. We waited an hour and a half for our food and were without drinks more times than not throughout the night. Whoever owns this place should be absolutely ashamed of themselves. Worst dining experience I've ever had and we go out to dinner in Philly at least twice a week. This place will close down soon. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE save your money, time, and energy and go elsewhere. Finally left at 9:10pm. Horrible experience.
This steak is delicious. It is restaurant quality and cooked to perfection. I will be ordering this entree again and highly recommend it. I love Germantown Garden Grill. All of the entrees are top quality.
Had an amazing time here sat night. Great staff great food and great environment. Even with temp dropping the outside was very comfortable due to the heaters they have spread throughout . You have the option to go inside which is of course equally nice.
Great place!  Popped over and sat outside for a great meal. Ribs, corn, fried green tomato sandwich were all awesome. Open until the weather gets too cold.
Service was phenomenal and the food/drinks were great. The environment is second to none. I thoroughly enjoyed my time at the outside bar. So much so that I came back again for a second time in the same night. I highly recommend this place.
My first and most immediate impression is that serious care has gone into contructing an aesthetic for this place. From muralesque hand lettered inspirational tropes on the walls, to the floral table arrangements and carefully crafted trays of colorful mix-ins for their 3-bottle champagne cocktail special, GG is the epitome of a pinterest-inspired brunch outing.
This place is trendy, almost to a fault. The cocktails are inspired and fun, and the food gives you a good balance of comfort food brunch fare, like chicken and waffles and french toast, prepared with a unique touch to make the menu feel more off the beaten path. The amount of attention given to the ambiance almost made the centerpiece of any food outing, the food, feel almost underwhelming when it arrived. There was nothing wrong with the execution, but something about the dishes felt austere in comparison to everything that came before it. 

This place is about the experience. The sprawling location boasts two patios which are outfitted with live DJs and the same polished and upscale party vibe of the interior. A group of a dozen women celebrating and cheering alongside the owner, crowded underneath the breezy floor-to-ceiling windows as they popped bottles of champagne made me wish I was here to spend the afternoon perched by the bar with all my coolest friends, instead of just popping in for a bite to eat.
If you want to have fun and get celebratory, start a girl's day out right, or you're just someone with a real appreciation for atmosphere and aesthetics, you'd do well to get yourself here for brunch. If all you're concerned about is a damn good plate of food, well, I might turn another corner or two.
The stars are for the food and ambiance. Everyone loved their food and drinks and thought the outdoor area was setup nicely.

The communication here was piss poor! I rsvpd for my birthday. I should've gotten a name which was my fault but the confirmation was done in text and whoever was handling the reservation did not put my party down as they said they would. Then the bartender knew nothing about brunch being over at 4pm when the ENTIRE summer via Facebook it's posted as being over at 4pm. There was also supposed to be a wait staff at 4pm, which never happened either.
Cute little spot to chill,have a drink and food. I went on Motown Monday's so of course the music was older so not sure if the playlist regularly. The vibe was chill. Good scenery for photos and social media. The menu in the restaurant was different from the menu that day. The bar service was kinda on the slow side being as though it was only 1 bartender. The food came out pretty quick. The drinks definitely could of been better tho.I would probably return again.
It's attached to Vesper Dayclub... enough said. 

I unfortunately didn't realize what it was until we showed up for a nice early outdoor garden dinner with my bff and baby. Fortunately they were very nice and gave us a quiet corner table when I asked for something not right under the speakers... but with top sound everywhere, it was just as loud!

The servers were quick as was our food, it helps being at a nightclub at 6pm. The food was so-so, honestly about what you'd expect if you were expecting nightclub food. Same for the drinks - plenty strong, but sooooo sweet. 

I do have to give a nod to whoever chose the playlist - 90s classics appealed to our table of solid Millenials!
Really cool spot and has definitely turned it around since previous ownership.
We stopped by here to watch a game... the food and the service was awesome. I have come back several times already. I recommend taking an uber since parking is limited.
I went to Germantown Garden for my friend's birthday. We were a party of 4; seated outdoor. The food was delicious! I had the Cajun shrimp pasta, it was flavorful with a nice spicy kick to it. The calamari was also good. The garden set-up is cute and trendy. Our drinks were served in plastic cups, which took away from the overall look of it(I understand because of COVID). However, the service was not so great. The food took a long time to come out and when it did, it was out of order. Some of our main dishes came out before our appetizers. It took the waiter almost 30 mins to bring us our check. They need to get the kitchen more organized, and maybe hire more servers. Our server was nice, but the service was slow.
went here last Friday for a birthday celebration and had a blast. Their specialty pitchers are delicious - our server Rebecca recommended us to do a pitcher crawl which we did and every single one was amazing!!! The food is also amazing -- get the fried chicken sandwich & fried green tomato sandwich!!!  also PS: felt completely safe - all servers wore masks & tables were appropriately spaced!!
I had a bizarre experience and will not be returning.

When we walked in, there seemed to be about 20 people waiting in a small room for their reservation, some maskless. People were walking from one side of the restaurant to the other without masks. No one was enforcing masks. We were in this situation for about 15 minutes, and it was extremely uncomfortable.

We were finally seen 15 minutes after our reservation and were asked if we wanted to sit on the deck, but it's in the dark. The hostess literally said "you can sit in the dark and vibe". I'm sorry, what?

We ended up sitting in one the igloos, which were cute. However, the service was awful. Our reservation was at 8:30 and we did not see a single server until 9:15. 

We got a pitcher which was way too sweet and the food was mediocre. The vibe was "clubby" which made me feel uncomfortable due to covid, and didn't help that the patrons were not all wearing masks when getting up.

Giving this 2 stars bc the waitress was very nice and funny but I would not recommend coming here, especially during covid times. The management needs to seriously make some changes here.
Dining out during the age of corona is incredibly challenging but luckily the spot accommodated incredibly well. The wedding stuff all had masks and were very sanitary in there handling and handing off of the varying orders. We sat outdoors of course at 50% capacity, and the ambience was very tropical and calm. We ordered a pitcher for the table and it was tasty yet strong! One of the most well done drinks I've had in a long time. Everything was timely, and everyone was friendly. I recommend the spot for anyone looking for a nice place to brunch.
Went here to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday with a few of our friends. This establishment does a nice job with covid precautions and the ambience of the restaurant was nice. We were seated outside at the pool area and our bubble was very spacious for a group of 7. The drinks were mediocre; I thought there would be more options for specialty drinks. The food was pretty good...the teriyaki salmon was delicious and is definitely worth a try! However, we were told that we were getting charged a cake cutting fee which we didn't mind paying for. But i assumed with the cake cutting fee, that our cake would be cut for us but i was wrong. It was just brought out to our table with the lit candles and i ended up cutting the cake myself for my friends and I. Overall, it was a mediocre experience. Food was good, drinks were pretty basic, nothing amazing.
I made a reservation for 2 people for a certain table and we waited 20 minutes and they sat people who came in after us at our table and then said sorry we don't have anything opening up all night. What is the point of a reservation if you seat other people in the spot you reserved because they " work here" and are "investors. Horrible customer service
The Smashley was such a tasty drink--strong, too! The Buffalo cauliflower wings were great. They had a nice amount of spice and great texture. My husband enjoyed the fries and chicken tenders. It was a cold night and all of the heated lamps weren't on, which was disappointing, but it was an enjoyable night, nonetheless.
The reason I am giving this two stars as opposed to one is because I do have to say my chicken sandwich was very tasty and I would consider take out from here but would NEVER go back to eat there again.  The service was AWFUL. We were one of the only tables there as we went early after we made a mad dash out of the wretched pool club. Our server came over shortly after we were seated to ask our drink order and she never came back. I literally feel that she forgot she had a table that she was waiting on or simply just didn't care. I had to physically get out of my seat and pry her away from talking to the bartender to put our food order in and remind her that she had people that she was waiting on. When we finished I had to track her down again to get the check.  Was not surprised to see that an automatic 20% gratuity was added as this is the same thing that happened in the pool club. There was an additional line to leave additional gratuity - - which of course I did not. To management - if you are going to charge an automatic 20% gratuity then you have to hold your servers to higher standards. I have been Yelp elite for 8 years and have very few one and two star reviews  -- this unfortunately is one of them.
Wanted to try this restaurant out for a valentine's day lunch as we had heard a lot about the location. Upon visiting the restaurant, the service was excellent as the staff was extremely friendly. We ordered a pitcher to share between 2 people and it was extremely sufficient as the drinks didn't feel watered down.  
The food however was a different story, we ordered the cauliflower bites during happy hour for $5 and they were delicious. For our entree, we ordered the Chicken sandwich and the Burger. We weren't too pleased with either order as the chicken sandwich seemed frozen and lacked any substance. The burger the was very dry and lacked a lot of flavor. Honestly, it was nice to be outside of the house, but we could've avoided this overpriced hangout spot. They were covid friendly and had bubbles, and the fried were pretty good. 

Pros: 
Good Service
Nice ambiance

Cons: 
Overpriced Drinks.
Super average food.
BAD ENVIRONMENT, the food wasn't even good and definitely not worth the price it was, BAD SERVICE. if you see "outdoor seating" as an option for reservations, it's false advertisement. we booked to eat outside and they sat us inside.  first, they said we were inside because of the rain (it wasn't even raining?) then she said we were inside because they haven't sat people outdoors in a long time. SO WHY TF IS IT ON THE WEBSITE???? the servers don't even respect the customers because there's a 20% tip automatically included on the bill even if the service was horrible. THEN the table we sat on was half broken. It would constantly lean over and almost spill our drinks because of how unstable it was. We told her to move us before something we're to spill and she replied with "just don't lean on it" and then walked away.
Wow is how I'll start off this review... my friends and I went for a birthday dinner and were seated immediately with our reservations. The outside area is SOOOOOO cute, great ambience and decor. I ordered the giant clams which were marked as a speciality and they did not disappoints about 8 came with the order but they were huge!!!! (4 slices of nice bread too). My friends got the fries, chicken strips and BURGER SLIDERS which I will go back for immediately. They looked amazing. Mussels in red got a double thumbs up too. Their drinks were also very good and some are available in pitchers (serve 4-5). I would recommend just getting a pitcher since the drinks are small and come to about $12 each. Will be back ASAP w my dog because they are DOG FRIENDLY!
This was horrible. We had to ask for a server after waiting for 20 minutes. No one was even at the hostess deck to greet us, and when we finally found someone they were chewing and like half listening to us. They didn't even apologize. They did take our first drinks off the menu because of this which was nice but the food - one was burning hot and one was cold. We almost wanted to leave before the food came because the service was so bad. Definitely not worth it. It has potential but they're not doing it right at all. The Buffalo cauliflower was like they tossed hot sauce all over it after it was made. Not good
Has a club like vibe, but not an actual club. The crabcakes I ordered was frozen, and didn't taste like anything...Honestly no one of us was happy with the food we ordered...The alcoholic drink I ordered had no akcohol in it. Our waiter didn't show up to our table; just showed for the first order & to give the check. It was just a bad experience. It has an 7/10 vibe, but philly has better looking restaurants. Dont waste your money here
