Brand new sushi/ramen restaurant in South Philly, right off of Washington Ave. Street parking was pretty easy. The staff was friendly and the interior is nice. From photos and reviews, my expectations were high..

The food and quality was mediocre. Prices were a bit expensive for the portion. 

The beef ribs were good, very flavorful. I would go for more of the uni scallop dish! The uni sushi was okay, could've been better and it was weird that it came with avocado. The otoro sushi was not good, it did not taste like what it's suppose to be. The fried oyster roll was good and interesting. Our sushi bowl (Big bang,$29?) was okay. The fish was good but the rice was too sticky and packed that it was hard to eat. We also ordered the King crab milky ramen ($18). The ramen itself was good but broth was bland..

3.5 stars ~
A hidden gem outside of the city. We had reservations for a party of 18. And with the size of the place, they were able to accommodate us and have the table ready on time. Its hard to serve such a big group, but they did a great job managing! The place is BYOB - and they even brought buckets to chill our drinks and shot glasses. They were also able to split our checks with no problem!

I ordered a bunch of appetizers to share with the table - and they gave us 2 orders each of tempura and squid balls. Both delicious! The spare ribs were tender and flavorful, the oysters were fresh, spicy edamame was addicting, and the hamachi jalapeño carpaccio was refreshing. I ordered the salmon poke for the entree - very fresh and marinated perfectly. They have a great selection on their menu, and I wanted to try them all. Great quality for fair prices - you can't beat that! When I go back - I have to their ramen!
This is an amazing place! I would totally recommend it to my friends.They got a big menu for different varieties of Japanese food! The service was phenomenal! The fish tasted extremely fresh! I am a salmon person so usually I save the salmon for last, but in here I did it with the red clam! It's the best red clam I had since my trip to Japan!

The Raman with the milky broth and king crab legs was good as well. The broth was a little sweeter than my expectation, but the crab legs were well seasoned and meaty, so it kind of made an even call.

I was disappointed that they didn't have the lobster sashimi at that night. Therefore I will probably come back to try that and also the uni( which my friend highly recommended)!

My conclusion: clean and neat restaurant, great service, fresh food, great value and I didn't like the music.
Most fresh and beautiful looking salmon I've ever had anywhere. Super bright and tasty. Love their salmon avocado roll. Always a hit. Ordered edamame from here and it tasted old and had a bad flavor. I usually like to order salmon avocado rolls from Japanese spots as a way to taste test the spot. Will be back for as long as this quarantine keeps up
WOAH! This is definitely my new go-to sushi place. Got delivery (obviously) and it blew us away. Very reasonably priced - we got the black pearly and angry dragon which were both fantastic.
This place will definitely become a local favorite. Service was great and quick. The server was very attentive throughout the meal. Takoyaki and the Taiwanese salt baked chicken (my little one's favorite) were great starters. We got the sushi and sashimi tray for two and the portion was so generous. The variety of fresh sashimi was great and the chef's special roll was also fantastic. I am not an oyster person, but the ones we ordered were so good. The texture didn't bother me at all and the sauce over top was delicious. The location itself is great with plenty of street parking nearby and the ambiance inside is great, the decor full of character. We will definitely be coming back again and I look forward to trying their ramen and bento boxes. The place is BYOB - perfect for you to bring your best wine for pairing with their fresh sashimi.
I heard about a new sushi place opening in the Pennsport area and I stopped by just to see what they had on the menu... and I stayed! This place is pretty amazing, and it's not only about sushi. I don't know where these guys get the fish, but it's so fresh that you feel that you are eating it just a few minutes after it's been caught. I've been in other sushi places throughout the city, and this place is definitely going to make a difference. The restaurant has been open for only one week and I dined there twice, and looking forward to going back soon. 

Maki sushi is fresh and delicious, but their signature rolls are outstanding. Black Pearl roll and Twin Salmon were my favorite ones, but I still have some others left to try. Ramen is spectacular (whoever is the chef that invented King Crab ramen, they deserve a raise immediately); and they have vegetarian options for rolls, udon and ramen, which is always a plus. 

Takoyaki and Spicy Garlic Edamame are fantastic as appetizers, but if you want to go crazy, you have to order Miso Black Cod. I couldn't believe how freaking good it was. It is the most tasty and smooth piece of black cod I've ever had. Aside from that, Gyozas are so good. I repeat: SO GOOD, perfectly cooked, perfect texture, not excessively soft. PERFECT. Especially the ones made with edamame, delicious!

I didn't mention anything about the environment itself because I was so focused on the food! The decoration and illumination are ideal to relax (but not one of those places in which they want to play it so romantic that you end up eating almost in darkness). The service is very nice, flexible and prompt but not stressful. If you are on your lunch break, they will take care of you fast, but if you need to take your time or you need to catch up with your dinner mate, they will adapt to your night's plan. 

That's all I can say about this wonderful place. I am so happy that there's a new authentic Japanese place in South Philly, with a lot of delicious options for a more than reasonable price. The restaurant is also family owned (the manager kindly explained to us all about the restaurant when we asked him), which is always something that I really appreciate, especially with gentrification and big corporations taking over some parts of South Philly. 

Absolutely recommendable!
Do not order sushi from here- they do not wear masks when preparing sushi. During covid times and given the visibility of what they wedoing, you would think they would be more careful.

Dear Ginza- please do not try to blame me for your lack of safety protocols while preparing sushi. I only posted this because on 2 separate occasions your sushi chefs were not wearing masks. If most of your partners are the ones present at the restaurant it is even more unacceptable that they are not following protocols.  Saying that i am trying to "destroy" your business is simply a sign of not taking responsibility for your lack of actions.  If you think you can't do better you should check out the sushi at Hikari...excellent sushi, chefs always wearing masks throughout the pandemic, and otherwise great safety protocols. This has become our new spot for quality sushi.
Came a few weekends ago and fell in love!  So happy we have a local sushi spot I can order takeout from or stop in with a bottle of white on a Saturday date night.

Interior is pretty expansive with that pretty floor-to-ceiling glass annex off to the side.  Feels very classy inside.

Menus are a good size with sushi and much more (but we came here for sushi only).  Service was a little slow-going in the beginning but they were pretty slammed with both the dining-in crowd and those getting takeout/delivery.  Very friendly, though.

The sushi is DOPE.  We got a variety of the regular maki rolls & signature rolls that came out in an adorably nifty plastic platter thing, including Spicy Tuna, Spicy Salmon, Black Pearl, Rainbow Roll, Angry Dragon, and King Crab California. All were SO delicious and fresh but our favorite was that Black Pearl covered in caviar and the King Crab California roll.  The Spicy Salmon was kinda sinewy and uninspired but that Spicy Tuna made up for it!

My mouth is watering thinking of how good this sushi was.  Cannot wait to return or order in on a lazy night!
We arrived at 17:15 Friday night without reservation. The place was 30% occupied. Waitress greeted us, put down menu and recommended raw oyster uni salmon roe on spoon at $7. We ordered two, they are refreshing. Uni is not in season but cover by oyster's cold temperature which is fine. We then ordered 1doz raw oysters at $23 right after and the sashimi tray, 2 salmon nigiri , 2baby yellowtail nigiri, shrimp nigiri. Oysters are dressing with soy source and sriracha. It would be better with cocktails source in my opinion. Sashimi tray has salmon, red snapper, squid, octopus, shrimp, salmon roe, uni, tuna, yellow tail, scallop, 2pcs each. Service is perfect, waitress introduced each sashimi. I would recommend shrimp sashimi and oysters. 4stars because I thought the dressing could be better.
I'm a big fan. Probably my go to sushi restaurant from now on. Discovered this place during lockdown and their sushi is top notch. Good sushi with a good price point is definitely hard to find. 

The first time I ordered takeout I got the nigiri combo with eight nigiri and a spicy tuna roll as well as a salmon teriyaki bento box. Both were amazing but definitely preferred the sushi.  It was so good. 

Second time I got a chirashi bowl. I was super surprised by the many different types of fish included and was super happy with the quality of the fish and how they put it all together. Definitely recommend the chirashi bowl. 

Will definitely order from them again!
Just went there last night. Would probably give 3.5 stars, but will be generous and round up instead of down. Here's why:
Decor nice
Service nice
Sushi really good
Price for sushi good
Tonkotsu garlic ramen good broth flavor
Chashu and egg was good
BUT the noodles were over cooked, and not really ramen noodles.  Instead they used thin Chinese wheat flour noodles with no al dente at all. The ramen broth and toppings were on point, but the mismatch noodles kinda ruined it. 
And they charged $3 extra for a miso soup wasn't included in sashimi platter. 
Takoyaki was decent.  
That being said, will definitely go back for sushi and other dishes, but go elsewhere for ramen unless they change the noodle.
I haven't dine in here yet, due to COVID but their takeout sushi was amazing. Can't imagine how much more delicious it would be if we were able to dine in. I will definitely give them a try when they're reopen for dine in.
Lovely new place just south of Washington near VSEC. Assorted cuisines from Sushi to Tempura to Ramen and Udon. Everything was delicious especially the Rainbow roll and Deluxe seafood Udon soup. 
Also try the Tuna Tataki salad for a starter along with the tastiest miso soup!

Interior is attractive and staff super friendly (Linda) and attentive. BYOB on top makes it s great choice!
Just went in their first week of opening, and Ginza was a great local spot! My friend and I split a mix of carpaccio, sashimi, and maki rolls, and the fish was fresh in all of them, balanced with touches of vegetables. The wait service was prompt but allowed us time to make our choices and to linger a while after, and they were very knowledgeable of what was and could be made gluten free (and have gluten free soy sauce for those who need it!). This is a great BYOB addition to the Pennsport neighborhood, and not a far walk from Queen Village.
The food was good and all but what restaurant charges $.50 for spicy mayo? Lol seems kind of cheap and odd.
At Yakitori, we get additional sauce with no silly additional to bill. And at Terakawa, they have toppings and sauces for your ramen, which this place lacked.
I'd go back but not asking for any sauces.
We have been hesitant to post about how much we love this place, since we don't want any other locals to find out about it, making it difficult for us to get a table! We've tried so many menu items at this point and it is all just so delicious and service is always great! Presentation of the sushi and ramen are always on point, too! Any BYO always gets an extra point in my book too!
Came here with some local Philadelphian foodies. Food here is really fresh and they pile on the fish in each bowl. You get some nice window seating on the side great for people watching! We ordered a dozen oysters and kalbi. The oysters were freshly shucked and the kalbi was so tender. We ate all the meat off the bone. We all decided to order the big bang sushi bowls. They give you plenty of salmon, salmon roe and uni. Fish was very fresh and the salmon size was large.

Overall this is a great location with regards to service and food quality. Parking is easy to find on the main street. Its a great place to grab dinner and its BYOB.
When I heard about this place, I had to give it a shot. Tried this with the boyfriend and thought it was pretty good. I had the Spicy Miso and loved it. Though my boyfriend tried the Black Garlic Tonkatsu, I believe, and he wasn't too impressed. We've had ramen from a bunch of places all over and even Japan (nothing can top Ichiran) so we're in between a 3 and 4 star. Decor is great as well as service. I love the artwork on the side wall of the dragon boat and overall, comfy place (plus chairs) that I'd like to come back to try other things like sushi.
Very Good eats , but very limited select of beverages. Service was professional but there was no one checking if things were okay during my course .
Have eaten in and gotten food to go multiple times and service and quality are always five stars. The sushi is fresh and delicious and SO affordable. BYOB is a major plus, I would take this over royal sushi and izakaya any day. Not the most upscale ambiance but it's clean and nicely decorated and comfortable. So happy this place came to the neighborhood!
A nice sushi spot in the heart of South Philadelphia. The interior was very nice and sushi was good. We also ordered the ramen which in my opinion did not have enough broth. The bowl had a tower of noodles (too much) and broth was room temperature. Tip: Server said to make sure you ask for extra broth. Ramen is normally served with very little soup (is that true?). I would go back for the sushi. Don't forget it is BYOb! Good addition to the neighborhood!
This spot rocks! It's not located centrally in the city but it's close to Penns Landing and the quality of fish is awesome. 

Presentation is awesome and I love the chirashi deluxe bowl that I ordered. The oysters were a bit small but overall, their fish is really fresh with generous portion. 

I've been coming back again and again every time I visit Philly.
It's definitely a winner. I had a spicy miso ramen with pork here.  Flavor is good. It's not that spicy. Also, had Delicious lobster sashimi, so glad I decided to try this. It was recommended to me by the waitress. She mentioned they don't have it all the time. Overall great addition to the neighborhood, great atmosphere restaurant, awesome menu options, and friendly service.
The sushi and ramen were delicious and we were given nice seats by the windows. My partner and I had just returned from Japan and were missing delicious, authentic ramen. The ramen was excellent, although I would prefer much more broth and firmer noodles. (Our noodles were a little clumpy initially and had sucked up so much of the broth.) The meat was perfectly cooked, and better than the ones I had in Tokyo. The sushi had a lot of fish and flavor, but the rice was a little thin. The portions were huge so we ended up stuffed. I would definitely come back to try out their gyoza and other dishes. Overall, Ginza is an excellent and welcomed addition to the Pennsport neighborhood!
Ginza is right around the corner from us, so we were excited when we found out it was a sushi restaurant. 

A few months later we have now ordered take out almost on a weekly basis. We always order sushi so I can't comment on anything else, but I hear the ramen is very good. 

Angry dragon roll is my favorite, but all the rolls have been fresh and delicious.
Updated review been back multiple times everything is well prepared and no complaints here. Sushi always fresh and well presented with good prices. Deliveries and pickup are punctual.
Went to this sushi place for Friday night date night. The ambience and decor is nice and the food was not too pricey.
The sushi was fresh and I'm happy that they were open for business during covid-19 but people with food allergens should be careful. We ordered the trio salmon roll and twin salmon roll along with beef angus don and avocado unagi roll. I had no problems with the food- none of the ingredients had shrimp. I made sure of that. I've been to plenty of sushi places and never had a allergic reaction because I'm always be careful with ingredients because I'm allergic to shrimp. I have a feeling that there was probably cross contamination either with the sushi or tempera flakes because within 15 minutes of consumption I broke out into hives. The usual symptoms of hard to breathe, itchy eyes, running nose, sneezing- my eyes swell up so bad that I had to take children Benadryl and a highly dose dr rx antihistamine which took half a day to go down.

Just beware when ordering because you never know where your food has been.
High quality Asian cuisine. Excellent bento boxes, superb sushi, great ramen and udon! Don't leave South Philly. A true gem.
Where to start? I was really excited to try this place after searching for a local sushi restaurant in the area, and I would have to say, it's not bad, pretty good. It's a new spot that just opened up in the neighborhood. The quality of the fish was good, exceptional. Dishes were presented beautifully. Man I would love to give this place 5 stars but they allowed kids of their own to yell and run around the restaurant. I literally had a kid hiding under my table and hanging onto my chair while I was eating. Sadly my miso soup & seaweed salad came after the appetizers and i don't know why, because those are the two fastest things to make. There's room for more improvement here. I would've enjoyed my dinner here more if it wasn't for them loud kids. I'll definitely be back, stars going down by one if these are back here doing the same thing next time.
I'm super picky about sushi and ramen.. and with that being said this place was very good. 

Ordered from Grubhub and although the guy was on a bike.. he got it to me early and spill free. Everything was packed so neat and clean. Piping hot! 

Spicy Edamame.. so, so freaking good. I was having a hard time sharing with my daughters. Spicy but not too spicy. 

Two spicy ramens and a miso ramen.. very good. Also allowed us to substitute the pork with no problem. 

Fried lobster roll.. also very good! 

Thoroughly satisfied and will be enjoying them again!
This is my 3rd time here for takeout. First visit was for Ramen, which was very good. Flavorful broth. Nice texture on the noodles, full of vibrant and delicious ingredients. The second 2 trips were at lunch for the salmon bento box, which is amazing! Fresh, perfectly cooked salmon filet with crispy skin over a bed of seasonal veggies. 
Complimented by Gyoza, rice, California roll, side salad & fresh fruit. Amazing lunch, quick friendly service. I may be back tomorrow!
I love this place too much lol. My regular order is miso soup, the house salad, and the green peace roll. The service is good and you can get food for pickup or have it delivered.
Truly wowed. 
My partner and I are sushi feens, and this place shot straight to the top of my list. 
First, the food. We ordered gyoza, (4, solid and simple option), the salmon poke (5, surprisingly big, delicious sauces, plenty of salmon, and filled with goodies) and the sushi sashimi for two (5+, generous, quality portion for the price. Every pieces was explained, and beyond fresh. The chef special roll was also amazing and well constructed. I wish I knew if it was one from the menu). To round out the experience, all the food was beautifully presented. 
The bill came, we couldn't believe the total for what we received, in both quality and quantity - well worth it. The server, as I mentioned, explained the options and was the right amount of attentive. I also loved the style of the restaurant. It had traditional cultural elements, but managed to be modern and chic. 
I can't say enough good things!
My friend thought it would be a great idea to introduce me to sushi... I'm not much of a fan but... after eating at this place... I never wanted to leave. The fish was so fresh! So delicious! So generous... according to my friend stating it was more than other places give when it comes to the pieces of fish. At first there wasn't many people, so I was skeptical that it wasn't that good... but wow... I was surprisingly amazed. So let's begin...

Service: attentive, friendly, and quick! You weren't bothered much during your meal, but if u needed something, they were quick to respond. 

Decor: for the area it was actually beautiful inside, very nice establishment, love the upper seating area because it may not seem big but it's not a cramped. We came here on a Friday night and it wasn't as busy as I thought. So we were seated immediately. 

FOOD: can I just leave it here and say WOW. 
Fresh, delicious, generous amounts of fish. Enough said. Isn't that all you need to know?! That the fish is fresh, how it's displayed is beautiful like you're eating art. But hands down taste was just amazing. Had the sashimi tray for 1 and I just can't stop saying wow. 

Also... they're BYOB 5 stars all around!
I'm so happy I came across this restaurant on yelp! definitely satisfied my sushi cravings and hands down best place to order sushi to go. So far I've ordered 3 times and the sushi was always DELICIOUS. Whatever you guys are doing please don't stop!! 

customer service: 5/5 (my food was always ready when they said it would be for pickup)
food: 5/5!!!! *chefs kiss*
My first experience eating ramen noodles did not disappoint at Ginza. I had the Miso Ramen entree along with a sushi appetizer and was very impressed. The pork in my entree was also well cooked. I would recommend this plave to anyone, and the service was exceptional too.
Great service and great food!

My first experience was recently when I ordered takeout. The food was ready when I arrived and was delicious and fresh. When I walked inside it was very clean and spacious and had a cool vibe. After this first experience, I'm definitely interested in going back and having a sit down meal.
Right around the corner from my house, excellent food excellent service. I have eaten here several times and never had a bad meal, the sushi and sashimi platters are exquisitely prepared, absolutely gorgeous and delicious.
My husband and I came here for lunch.

For an appetizer we got the short ribs which was omg so good. Whatever the marinade is it's simply fantastic! I couldn't decide between ramen or sushi so I had to get both! I decided to get the black pearl sushi roll which was absolutely delicious with eel + eel sauce. I also got the black garlic ramen which needed a bit more seasoning but tasted great for leftovers. 

My husband got a roll and one of the sushi combos to try. The fish overall tasted fresh :) service was also great. I would love to come back and try the specials next time I'm in the area.
