We had a great lunch here. I was in Philly for a day, so I really had no idea where to eat at. I found Giorgio On Pine, and met my friend here for lunch on a Friday afternoon. We arrived a bit early, so it was still slow. When we left, the place was packed. Looks like a popular restaurant for lunch. There were several large parties here. We were seated as soon as we walked in.

The complimentary bread was good. We had the Grilled Caesar Salad, and the Sautéed Calamari as our appetizers. Both were good, but I don't think they were especially amazing. I was a little surprised when the Grilled Caesar Salad was brought to the table. I was expecting a little more than that. It just didn't do it for me. The Linguine and Clams dish was really good. The pasta tasted super fresh and soft. I've been trying this dish at different restaurant over the lat 2 months. This one is definitely in my top 3. 

Service was very friendly. Like most Italian restaurants, they don't have a whole lot of servers. It's casual, but attentive. Didn't get to talk to the server a whole lot, but that's fine with me.
I love Giorgio on pine because you get the "moms home cooking" feel for cheap prices. Every time I come here, I am always pleased with the amazing quality food, large portions, for the great prices. 

The gnocchi is my favorite in a blush sauce. My husband loves the wide noodles in marinara. My husband who isn't even a lover of Italian food says this is one of his favorite restaurants in Philly. 

BYOB! Make a reservation it's always crowded. And don't expect privacy, the place is small and tables are kind of on top of each other. But, dine like an Italian family! Delicious food, great prices, great family atmosphere. Also they have several gluten free pasta choices as well if you need it!
After passing this place by for the first year of its existence, my friends and I decided to see what Mr. Giorgio had going on and I'm glad we finally made it. One thing that sets any dining experience apart from the next is a friendly staff. After all, my friends are the sort that like to take over restaurants and turn them into their own private dining room, a tendency I'm sure fellow patrons appreciate. Anyway, Giorgio's allows you to do just that. They even have a separate room that could accommodate 20 or so people.

My one friend and I ordered the shellfish spaghetti while the other pal went with the gnocchi. Overall, the seafood tasted incredibly fresh and the pasta, perfectly al dente. It's a BYOB, but unlike most others you can pay with a credit card here. Perfect service from our adorable waitress and post-dinner chit chat with Mr. Giorgio himself. This will definitely become a neighborhood go-to.
Giorgio on Pine is my new favorite Italian spot in the city! They do great takeout and even better dine-in.

A few tips: make a reservation and bring a bottle of wine (or bottles) if you want because they are BYOB. Oh and if you're easily cold (like me), bring a jacket.

My boyfriend and I went to celebrate our anniversary. We made the reservation a week in advance without a problem. We were seated right away, right by one of the AC units (brrr). I considered asking to move tables because I was SO cold, but the only other open table was promptly filled so there didn't appear to be an alternative for us.

Our server was very friendly and polite. She brought us an ice bucket for our white wine and shared the menu specials. When she mentioned lobster ravioli, we decided we had to order it to share as a starter and when it came out, they put it on two separate plates for us. We also shared the sausage appetizer with polenta. It was delicious too!

For my main, I had the Stuffed Chicken and my boyfriend had the Penne. We both really enjoyed our meals. I especially loved the potatoes and vegetables that came with my chicken.

When we learned about the dessert options, we had to go for the chocolate cake. They brought it out with a complimentary scoop of gelato. The two together were perfect!

I cannot WAIT to return to Giorgio on Pine!
This is my favorite Italian in Philly.

A friend came to visit so to be safe I called for a reservation for 7PM for the following Thursday night.  It was already unavailable; the next available time was 8PM... fine.  I'm sure glad we did because the line was out the door when we arrived.  On a Thursday night?  This place must be good.  Upon stepping inside the restaurant we noticed the classic family owned Italian hustle and bustle.  The place was full of life and all the servers were running around nonstop.  We were greeted by Giorgio himself; this man really makes an effort to speak with every customer in his restaurant.  All the waiters were very friendly and checked on us often, even though they were way too busy.

We didn't realize this place was a BYOB or we definitely would have brought something.  Nonetheless, we dug deep into the menu, salivating over every line.  After much internal struggle, I decided on the Linguine with Clams.  This was by far the best linguine I've ever stuffed in my mouth.  You know when there's a lot of food and you can stuff your mouth?  You also when there's not enough food but it's really good so you kind of want to savor it?  Well this place the food was so good and the portion size was so big you didn't have to worry.  The white wine sauce infused linguine was cooked to perfection, and the clams were very fresh and flavorful.  I ended up eating all the leftover bread with the residual sauce... too good to waste!  After our entree, we shared a Chocolate Truffle Ice Cream.  I honestly didn't hear the entire name due to the loud ambiance, so I thought we were ordering a chocolate truffle cake.  I was mistaken.  Little did I know, what was presented to us was to be my favorite restaurant dessert of all time.  You really just have to try it to understand.. the chocolate truffle, the vanilla, the hint of hazelnut..

I really REALLY liked this place
Giorgio's on Pine is a cute BYO with an extremely hospitable owner, friendly staff and, as Jim H. mentioned, a very easy-on-the-eyes chef.  Highlights for me were the service, hospitality, décor and desserts.  Our group had several bottles of wine on the table, and we never had to wait for our server to open another bottle--she was all over it.  We started off with baskets of delicious bread and garlicky olive oil, and a plate of bruschetta was dropped off at our table, gratis.  

I had the grilled calamari appetizer and wasn't crazy about it.  I've been spoiled by the delicious calamari at Dmitri's and have not met a matching squid since.  I felt more optimistic about my entrée selection, gnocchi with a braised beef ragout.  I was hoping for a similar dish to the one served at Mercato, which is absolutely fantastic.  Unfortunately, the two were not at all comparable.  The gnocchi didn't do anything for me and the ragout was entirely too bitter.  The beef was few and far between and tasted like plain old ground meat.  I ditched my entrée and went back to my old standby, the bread basket.

Giorgio's hit a much higher note with desserts.  While I didn't agree that the tiramisu was "the best in the city," I did enjoy it.  The other desserts I tried were all appealing as well--bread pudding that had a crunchy texture to some of the outside pieces (mmm), chocolate mousse and another very rich chocolate cake type thing, which was another complimentary addition to our meal.  

Despite not being crazy over my own dinner, others at my table seemed happy with their selections.  I'd be willing to give Giorgio's another shot, and plan to do so in the near future.
What an incredible Italian Bistro! Spending our Valentine dinner here was a delight. It's no wonder that this is a favorite of our hosts. 
A BYOB Italian bistro, fantastic food and many gluten-free options: very accommodating to dietary restrictions. All pastas are available with gluten-free pasta. They even gave me my very own gluten-free bread. 
It was charming and intimate, however it also possessed that personal Italian hospitality. I hear that the owners are very nice.

Our circle of six ordered a variety of pasta dishes: Linguini and clams pasta, mussles, truffle mushroom rigatoni, and a cowboy pork chop dish from the Vday menu. My fusili mushroom truffle was so delicious, I forgot it was gluten free. Bellissimo! 
Excellent choices, but the pork chop wins my vote. 

This place definitely surpassed my expectations. Would go back in a heartbeat!
What started as a wonderful dining experience, turned into a complete horror show due to the terrible service we received last night. 

This isn't about the food. The food was incredibly delicious. The three of us loved the gluten-free options, as that was the reason why we went. SO tasty and just what the doctor ordered. 5 stars on that. 
 
HOWEVER, the service we received was one of the most uncomfortable experiences I have ever witnessed in my 27 years of living. 

I will say this: if you need your table to get up, or if you need your tables to turn - communicate. Do NOT point your fingers at us, fling and flail your hands around yelling at your staff, or give us the death stare after sitting in your restaurant for ONE hour. Our server and additional staff were very kind, but whoever that older man is, you need to check yourself. 

Understand how you present yourself is absolutely disgusting and disrespectful. It was and is totally unacceptable for you to be screaming at your staff in front of your guests. Totally unacceptable for you to point your finger at a table and literally talk about them right in front of their faces. You were doing this to a table of people in the industry who read their own restaurant Yelp reviews and understand opinions can be misjudged or tainted. I don't ever post reviews or write about poor experiences because I don't feel like it's progressive to share that with others. But last night gave me all the incentive to let it all out on a public forum. 

We had a reservation for 8pm. Came in at 7:45pm and were sat right away. Amazing. They have reservations written with pencil and paper and when I said my name (mind you I called day of and was told there was a cancellation and I was put on the list) I was stared at like I had 10 heads. We all brushed it off and kept it moving. We had two bottles of wine that were opened right away and we were greeted by our server who was the nicest, sweetest woman. From there, we ordered the mussels appetizer and pasta entrees that were all devoured. Had maybe 1/4 left in our second bottle after our plates were bussed and our bill was paid. Sorry, but I don't think it's out of the question after you paid your bill to take an additional 7-10 minutes to finish your bottle prior to leaving. It seemed as though there was a 4-top across from us who were unhappy with where they were sitting and were eyeing our table. We saw the server tell them that we were getting up. Ok, no problemo. 

But, that older gentleman, whoever you are, was completely beside himself. And, what is so confusing to me is that there were no large parties or anyone waiting at the door. I have been in those sticky situations before and all you do is tell the table that a reservation is either arriving in a few minutes or waiting on their table. Bada-bing, bada-boom - easy peezy. For the most part, everyone I had ever had that conversation with was understanding and knew it was time to skedaddle. But, older man didn't do that. Older man was angry. He decided to grunt and pace up and down the restaurant. Older man decided to point at our table and yell at his staff. Older man showed his frustration and yelled at our server right in front of us. Not okay. Not how you should be speaking to anyone. Not how you should be running a restaurant. I would've liked to say a few words when we were leaving, but he was no where to be found. It'd be nice to have an adult conversation in person, but I had to write this novel of a review on Yelp. Shame on you.

ONE MORE POINT: I forgot one major event. Older man also snatched the money off our table when we paid with zero acknowledgement of our existence. Coins and change went flying. That's it, I'm done.
I should have just went my gut instinct. Waited over 45 minutes with reservations to be seated is a tight cramp space. The owner could have been sympathetic since we were celebrating a birthday instead he was very abrasive and impatient. My friend was clearly under distress because most of her guest weren't showing up and the staff wasn't making things better. The owner then had his minions do his dirty work which was rush us out the door before presenting us with an ultimatum about lighting the candles on the cake. 

As for the food the grilled Caesar salad I sent back to the kitchen consisted of burned chicken laid over top of two stalks of stale romain lettuce that should have been trashed. The calamari was bland and rubbery. This was a very disappointing dining experience on a day that was supposed to be a celebration.
Chucky Cheese with the kids is all fine and good, but sometimes an adult needs to commune with other adults. Most parents could argue that these opportunities are few and far between, so when I got the opportunity, after being invited to meet at Giorgios, I took it.

 Giorgios is in a quaint little section of Philly, and finding affordable parking wasnt too difficult. The venue was small, yet charming with the kitchen ( and cook, who I was informed was totally hot) in full view. We were a rather large party and we held court in the upper back room. I was surprised by the casual attire of the servers, but I am not so snobby to have let it bother me. If anything, it made me feel even more comfortable and they definitely knew the menue and fielded every question that was thrown at them.

There was a man, who I asumed was the owner, who was very hands on and accessable.  I witnessed him listening to a complaint, and I felt he handled the situation well, as an owner of a restraunt should. He also didnt hesitate to let us try complimentary drinks and food, to the point where I almost felt like a guest in his home as opposed to a customer.

The food. I loved the bread and oil that was on the table. It wasnt fancy bread , but a simple hearty bread and I liked it. I tried the Bruschetta which was good and saw others enjoying their appetizers. When the main course came out, I was prepared to regret my choice of a simple Rigatoni with marinara after seeing others choices, but It was the best pasta that ive had in a long time ( firm and tasty) and I didnt regret it at all.
I got the chance to sample a few of the desserts from my tablemates and they were all very good. The entire meal was very satisfying for me.

  Im giving Giorgios onPine a 4 star review. The company I kept has alot to do with it, but Giorgios provided the perfect backdrop for a nice evening of good food and good conversation. While its back to McDonalds and Pokemon for this suburban dad, I have at least one night at the adult table to look back on.
If I can impress upon you just one thing, dear reader, let it be this: save room for dessert if you go to Giorgio's. Caramel-filled pyramids of frozen chocolate, mango sponge cake drizzled with a spice syrup, satiny mousse and my new all-time favorite, cappuccino tartufo, are not to be missed. You can't really go wrong with the sweets here, but I thought these left the slightly soggy tiramisu in the dust. 

If you're lucky, Giorgio might bring you out a nip of a limoncello/espresso drink he dreamed up. If our puritanical society didn't have such a stigma about drinking before 9, I might start every morning with this delectable union of coffee and booze.

The non-sugary parts of the meal were quite enjoyable, too. I found the food here to be done simply and well. Bruschetta benefited from a garlicky boost of flavor, and minestrone was light and straightforward. My ravioli was tender and its tomato sauce tasty - nothing mindblowing here, just good, well-prepared Italian comfort food. I think it's great that Giorgio offers gluten-free options, but sampling my friend's bland mushroom risotto lead me to conclude that the pasta is where it's at.

I enjoyed Giorgio's congenial presence during the meal, but the other servers were a bit less polished. One of my restaurant pet peeves is being asked if I want pepper before I've had a chance to take a bite of a dish. I was mid-chew when a server here asked me twice, holding the pepper grinder in my face for extra emphasis - a deep breath and a little patience would have been appreciated here.

The space nods to its Philadelphia location (dark wood, old windows) as well as its Italian persuasion (sunny yellow paint), and beautiful fresh flowers added to the ambiance. There are many Italian BYO options in the city, but Giorgio's dedication and pride in his restaurant puts this one a step ahead of the pack.
I love this place! It's cozy and yes there is limited seating. They were very accommodating. We had a reservation for 11 people! It seems that the overall consensus was that the food was a hit or miss depending on what you ordered. I ordered their special sweet potato gnocchi, and it was DELICIOUS. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT! I've never had anything like this in my life, and it was a nice balance between healthy and still retaining that creamy italian sauce that you enjoy pasta with. My friend got their rib eye steak which was too rare for him. Giorgio, the owner, came by, and gave us 2 free tiramisus! To me, even though the place is a hit or miss, I gave them 4 stars based upon my food and Giorgio just being awesome. 

This is a BYOB place. Reservations are highly recommended due to limited seating.
Actually 3.5 Stars

I'm torn on this one.  Let me preface by saying that anything good I say will be bias due to the fact that I was with grrrrrrrrrrrreat company and that can turn any experience into a good one.  Also let me preface anything bad I may say due to the fact that I'm Italian and I grew up eating my Mom's great Italian cooking (so of course nothing is as good as Mom's).  

So here we go:  I started of with a Arugula salad that was very authentic and chewy with a meaty bite to it (sorry for the wine expressions), so that was very very good.  For my main course I had the salmon & fresh herbs with potato wedges and green beans.  The main course was just OK.  Not great but not bad.  I didn't get Italian (I never do at any Italian restaurant because if I want good Italian then I go home) but I did try a friends gnocchi and I have to say I did not like the sauce.  To me it was a little acidic and tangy.  Not that it is bad but its just not the way I like my sauce (but that's why I never get Italian).

For dessert I had some tiramisu which I thought was excellent, but then again I'm not a dessert person.  I also had the bread pudding and that was tremendous and I fell in love with that bread pudding (orgasmic as one of the girls put it).  The wait staff was good, but not great, but they were very busy and they still accommodated our large table.

All in all, I want to give it 4 but its not quite a 4 so I'd give it 3.5 stars but since I'm an optimist I'll give it 4 stars.
I have a new favorite restaurant!

To quote LCD Soundsystem, "I don't know I don't know I don't know oh where to begin!" 

The food: First off, even if you don't see it on the menu, everything here is made fresh to order -- the pasta is handmade, fresh, every single day -- so if you want mushrooms and chicken on your just-cut fettucini, simply ask and ye shall receive. And by God people is it gooooood!

The dishes are what Gordon Ramsey would kill for: simple on the menu and perfectly executed with the freshest everything. (Note to the other review: in actual Italian, simple is good, and too much fatty meat will kill you.) Truly, everything was perfectly cooked, and my chicken could not have been seasoned any better! 

Another plus food-wise is the creativity, like that in the Grilled Caesar Salad, which is actually grilled and served warm; it's super delicious (and also pretty). And another, another plus is the size of the servings. For about $15 you've got dinner and tomorrow's lunch. And everything is under $20, even the mind-numbingly luscious encrusted lamb dish...

The atmosphere: A perfect little nook right off Broad St on 
Pine -- but without the noise -- and literally right across from a parking garage, for all you motorists. Being inside doesn't feel like being in Italy and is certainly doesn't feel like being in a you're-in-Italy Italian restaurant; the place is simple, calm, romantic but cheery. It feels like a big version of your Italian uncle's kitchen/living room. 

If I had someone worth dating, I would come here. There were the young professional peeps and the adult crowd too, plus me and mine, who felt totally welcome if not catered too -- though more than a few of our people came in to collect their take out orders, too. 

All said, it's the zenith of little Italian dinner joint for anyone with a little class, however old you are/act/look and whether or not you were into ray bans, are so over them bc you're too cool, still wear them or have worn them since you were 20 in 1980. 

The service: If it looks like your uncle's house, it definitely feels like it. You are so totally taken care of! The owner comes around to every table, checking on food, clearing plates, talking about the Eagles -- unlike the pretentious, more expensive and not nearly as scrumptious James. You want something off the menu, he'll see what he can do. What a friendly, kind man! Truly!

And so when he suggests you try the tiramisu, try it, because it is one of the best desserts in the entire city -- and like everything else there, it's made fresh that day!

P.S. BYOB
How have I not reviewed Giorgios yet?! Madness.

Let's take a walk through the positives, shall we?

1. Italian BYO. I think that speaks for itself. 
2. Old-world charm and cozy atmosphere. Giorgio himself has often been spotted hanging out amongst his patrons.
3. The whole garlic cloves that they put in the olive oil that's served with the bread basket. Garlic breath is a small price to pay for this level of taste bud stimulating heaven. 
4. The mussels in white. Get an extra basket (or three) of bread to soak up the delicious broth.
5. The sweet potato gnocchi and sausage fettuccine specials. I can never choose one so I do what any self-respecting fatty does- I get both.
6. I've celebrated several occasions here with groups big & small, and I can't thank Giorgio enough for putting up with our drunken shenanigans. 
7. Finally, the price point is totally reasonable and the portions are generous. These 7 reasons make Giorgios a no-brainer.
Had a reservation and kept getting told that it would only be a few more minutes....40 minutes later we were finally sat in between 2 large parties where the waiter couldn't even physically reach us. 

That aside, it would have been fine if the food made up for it. I was excited to try this place as I had heard many great things. We got the chicken parmesan and seafood pasta. Both were subpar. Chicken was overcooked, my seafood was rubbery. The sauce was diluted, both plates were under seasoned and underwhelming. 

Service wasn't great, maybe because it was busy, hopefully that was the case. The owner is very nice, but unfortunately the food just was lackluster. We'll be going back to little Nonna's for our Italian spot.
Made a reservation one month in advance for 11 people traveling from NYC to Philly and the day off the reservation was nowhere to be found. The person on the phone was rude and unapologetic, he literally told us he could not serve us.

Tip: make sure you call them at least 5 times before making the trip.
This place was so unbelievably relaxing. I felt like the owner was another person at our table, and not in a bad way. I came here because my brother has celiac disease and they have gluten free pasta. We told the owner as well as our waitress and they were extremely accommodating. 

When we were seated we were given bread with a garlic olive oil (best I've ever had). My brother ate two full plates of gluten free bread and they didn't charge for this. I thought this was crazy because I know how expensive gluten free bread is. 

We started with mussels in white which had chunks of sausage. It was so yummy. Best sausage I've had at a restaurant. I ordered spaghetti with pancetta, shaved onions, white wine, and spicy marinara. Italian food is definitely my least favorite food but I would totally come back here. 

I even tried my brothers gluten free pasta and it tasted better than the regular pasta!
One depressing thing has happened since I first started reviewing eateries on Yelp: I was diagnosed with celiac. That being the case, I'm always on the lookout for restaurants that cater to the gluten-free.

My daughter discovered Giorgio, and I am just so thankful that she did.

I've gone back several times, and the food is consistently excellent (with one disappointment, the sparsely-topped arugula pie). 

Giorgio has a gluten-free menu for those who need it. (Or who buy into the vaunted health benefits of going gluten-free.)

Truth be told, I've been able to adjust to celiac, and I've found pretty good substitutes for just about everything except bagels and beer. Italian food is another outlier, because most gluten-free pasta is simply awful, or prepared by someone who does not know how to cook it to al dente (usually sailing right past al dente to mealy pasta mush). 

Giorgio is a notable exception to the rule.

Among the very first things the server asks is this: Is anyone at the table gluten-free? It's clearly a priority.

Service also includes a nice little plate of gluten-free Italian bread and a bowl of olive oil. (It would be better with soft chunks of garlic.) That's just such a thoughtful touch when everyone else at the table is chowing down on Italian bread and olive oil.

I invariably order the brown rice ziti with sweet sausage and pepper. Absolutely makes my socks roll up and down, it is so incredibly good. The pasta is cooked perfectly every time. I could eat it for breakfast.

Yes, the place is cramped, and yes, it can be quite loud. (I don't care about those things, personally.) Regardless, a memorable, yum-worthy dining experience for all involved, gluten-free or not.
Excited to try this place b/c I think I just see 4-stars on Yelp and get extremely excited. It's a mom&pop feel type of restaurant and I really enjoy those vibes - it's something really unique to a restaurant.

But you can feel the tension of the managers/owners walking back and forth with grumpy looks on their faces. The restaurant business is definitely a stressful and difficult one, don't get me wrong. I just don't want to feel the brunt of it while I'm sitting there, trying to enjoy my food. Also - the spacing in this restaurant is pretty bad. I had a finished table's bread basket remains spilled on me and so many uncomfortable brushing past of other people's backsides as they tried to get to their own seats.

I got the shrimp bisque - HUGE portion - as an appetizer and to be honest, I think it filled me up so much that I had to pack up 75% of my entree pasta to-go! The pasta I chose was one of the specials of the night - fettuccine w/ sweet sausage, mushrooms, spinach, and some kind of olive oil sauce. It was pretty good. My boyfriend got the gnocchi and thought it was good, but too soggy.

Overall, I'm glad I tried this restaurant, but now that it's off my list, I'll just call it a day.
We had a reservation for 12 for a birthday party and had received a confirmation phone call. When we arrived, they claimed that our reservation did not exist even when we showed the incoming call from that when they confirmed reservation. The host was extremely rude and even raised his voice, claiming that any record of a call placed would have been written down. Though the night was not ruined, it was certainly a let down and resulted in the whole group standing outside in the 25 degree weather trying to make a last minute reservation. The service here is terrible. Do not rely on them for a large party.
Please make a reservation or do not come at all unless you want to be stared down from the manager or host. This was exceptionally rude of the man at the front when I entered on a whim and he gave me a look of disdain when I had no reservation. 

Despite the extremely uncomfortable entrance, I was seated quickly as there were open tables. As soon as you're seated, the waitress is quick to grab you ice or open your bottle (it's a BYOB).

The waitresses really take time to introduce the specials and menu items. 

You're served with complimentary bread and oil with your meal which is a nice touch. 

The food comes in very filling and appropriate portions. Nothing too much, but definitely enough for a satisfied stomach. The quality was excellent as well. 

This was a very good quality meal with great service from the waitress. However, I do sense a very judgmental tone from the staff. My greeting upon entering was NOT ok, but the quality of food made up for this.
The food was mediocre and the place is very small. It's very cramped when it gets crowded. I went with a large party (about 9 or 10) and we barely had room to sit comfortably.

I'm giving this one star solely because of the service. The owner (I'm assuming it's the owner, a older man) was extremely rude and unwelcoming. My friends and I were rushed and he told us we needed to finish up and leave because another group was coming in. He was impatiently waiting for us to finish our food and pay the bill. We weren't even there that long and we had to rush eating our food. 

It is extremely rude and unacceptable to tell paying customers that they need to leave. I would suggest they space out their reservations better or at least tell customer politely that another party is waiting. They lost 10 customers because of this.
Don't even try to make a reservation. The phone rang off the hook (20 Times) and finally answered.The lady popped her gum so loud in my ear, it's still ringing. When I ask about a private room she said, we have one in our bathroom...?
NO THANKS. Next!
The management and staff at this place is the absolute worst I will never go back. Had a reservation for a large party for my friends birthday a week in advanced. We show up and the hostess has no such reservation. They even called us to confirm it so we didn't understand why they didn't have the reservation. Hostess was a bitch and then gets the manager. We show the manager the call log with the restaurant number, clearly showing that they called us to confirm the rez, and he starts screaming saying it's not written down in the book and there's nothing he can do. Clearly you need to get your shit together, Georgio.
Spectacular group dining experience!

My GF was celebrating a milestone birthday, and some of her oldest friends hatched a plan to make it a surprise. Ideally we wanted a BYOB that would also permit them to bring in their own cake (for a reasonable cutting charge).

When I initially called GoP, I was informed they were fully booked for the selected Friday evening. It's not a huge establishment, so seating (particularly for a party of 8) was unavailable. *However* they indicated should there be a cancellation, I would be on their callback sheet. Low and behold, I was greeted with a voice message 24 hours later indicating they were happy to accommodate us.

As far as the surprise itself, it pretty much went off without a hitch. Giorgio himself escorted my GF to the table on the higher level. She was recoiling in shock and laughter - let the party begin!

Our server had the specials committed to memory (and it wasn't a short list). She clearly knows her Italian cuisine. After she had a chance to catch her breath, our table ordered several appetizers to share (burrata, calamari, prosciutto), and then our individual entrees. I went for the traditional gnocchi w/ ragu sauce, my GF the lobster ravioli. My buddy across the table ordered the specialty sweet potato gnocchi in a white cream sauce. I was able to sample their dishes as well, and I cannot over-state just how appetizing the plates were. Pretty generous portions too.

The tab came out to less than $70 a couple - crazy the value you receive! And the top notch hospitality sweetened our experience on a special night. The sentiment around the table is we will be back to dine soon!
Good food, nice atmosphere but felt very rushed. Came in at 630 and felt rushed out by 730. By 8pm it was clear we had overstayed our welcome. This overshadowed the meal.
We had dinner here on a Monday night at 7pm and glad we made reservations because it was quite busy for.

Ambiance:  Small cozy restaurant.   Kinda noisy because you can hear table next to you
Service:  Very friendly and checked up frequently on us.

Food
- Gnocchi:  must get here sooo creamy, rich and savory all in one.  They were super nice and allowed us to split 1 order into 3 plates and it was fine to share.  Highly recommend this dish here.
- Sea Bass with shrimp:  this special of the day was fantastic.  Fish cooked just right and simmered in a great sauce. 
- Pork Chops: extremely large in size and very moist.
- Veal chops:  bit small on portion and thought a little gamey.  May be good if you are a veal fan
- Tiramisu: skip the dessert or get Gelato at Capogiro.  It's pretty pedestrian here and feels like store bought

Parking: street only

Overall we had a great time.  Seems very authentic and nice relaxed atmosphere.  It's BYOB which is a huge plus.  Food was delicious and we'd definitely come back again.
What a wonderful experience my family and I had at Giorgio on Pine last night! I actually took my very picky Aunt, who has a limited number of foods she "loves". So, this could've been very good Or very bad...so glad it was exceptionally the former!!!

First, the goodness started when I called in to see if we needed a reservation as we were already en route. I was told by the owner Giorgio that we did, but then was informed that if we could arrive within a few minutes...we could be squeezed in...cool. Probably not the best planning, but as I said...picky Aunt had an idea of where she wanted to go, but couldn't remember the restaurant's name nor address LOL! Just as well, Giorgio was our 2nd choice and what an awesome choice. 

The restaurant itself is a bit tight, but very cute. Giorgio himself greeted us and was super sweet. We waited in the front area for maybe 5 minutes, then were seated at a nice table. Some reviews mentioned that the restaurant is loud and that is an understatement. However, we didn't mind too much, but be prepared if you're on a romantic date or something :-0. Our wait person was fantastic and super animated, she just made every item sound like something you wanted to try...very smooth! 

They brought Bruschetta to the table, along with bread and fresh garlic oil...yum! For entrees, we ordered the Gnocchi w/ Gorgonzola sauce and Arugula, Spaghetti a la Vodka w/shrimp, Fettuccine w/sweet sausage and mushrooms and Grilled Salmon. Everyone LOVED their food, which is amazing in my family!  We didn't have room for dessert, but that amazing Giorgio...they sent over a complimentary Tiramisu, which was just the right amount to share. Well done, Giorgio...well done!!! We'll be back, Happy Eating!
In desperate need of a restaurant rescue.

Waited 25 minutes in the cramped front and watched a couple with a reservation at the same time seated before us... For 15 minutes I stood and watched Giorgio frantically manage the chaos of his restaurant, then serve them a free app. When I asked him how much longer, the stress overwhelmed him and he couldn't manage a clear explanation for the 25 min. wait for a reserved table. It's when he began calling me 'sweetheart' I knew I had to get out of there.

Giorgio's on Pine, where reservations are as important as sobriety is to Lindsay Lohan. Don't waste your time.
Let me preface this review by saying that the wait staff was great - They deserve five stars.  The owner, on the other hand, deserves ZERO.  

My friends and I made a reservation at Giorgio's for dinner on a Friday night, and we ended up being almost a half hour late - I know.  Bear with me.  We call to let them know we're going to be late and whoever answers our call says that it was fine, and they'd save our table.

When we arrived for our reservation, the owner was standing in the front and greets us by saying that they had just given our table away to a couple (we were a group of four, and so he gave away a four-top to two people....).  He then continues to throw a guilt trip on us for being late and explains that we cannot be upset that we now have to wait for a table because we were inconveniencing him by not showing up on time, even though we had already apologetically called to confirm that this wouldn't have been a problem.  We would have had no qualms with going to another restaurant, given that this place is quite cramped (another downfall of eating here).

We decide to wait for our table, and we're sat after about 10 minutes.  We had a wonderful experience with our waiter, who was more than accommodating and passionately detailed the menu and specials for us, uncorked our wine, and took our orders.  The owner then takes it upon himself to check in with us, interrupting our conversation, two or three times to ensure we're "enjoying our experience", but can't seem to help himself from reminding us how we were late and reiterating how accommodating he is for allowing us the privilege of dining in his establishment. And that's not the worst of it.  

Here's the kicker - After eating and upon finishing our wine, the owner approaches our table and requests that we leave.  Yes - He essentially implies that, since we are no longer ordering food and since we are just enjoying our wine (which we brought since it's a BYO), that we should wrap things up and get going.  How convenient for him at this point that we had already paid our bill!  My friends and I blankly stare at him for probably a full 30 seconds, angrily finish our wine, and make our way out the door, without hesitating to tell him that he needn't worry about the inconvenience of serving us in the future, as we will NEVER return, and will be sure pass along the message that no one else should waste their time or hard-earned money on his blatant lack of hospitality and mediocre (at best) food. 
 
If you're looking for good pasta, go to Little Italy in NYC.  This place is not worth the degradation.
Giorgio's is a wonderful little BYO located a bit off the beaten path in Center City. When I say little, I really mean that. There's only a handful of tables, so you're best off trying to make reservations in advance.

Having been there several times, I'm a huge fan, and it's my favorite Italian place in the city, by far. They always start you off with some bread and olive oil with garlic cloves, which (ignoring the breath effect later) is divine. Something very simple, yet oh-so-elegant and awesome. I've become a hands down fan of their spaghetti primavera with the white wine garlic sauce. To be honest, I don't think that it get's better for a vegetarian in an Italian restaurant than that dish. If you're a rabbit like me, get it. I promise you'll love it. Really.

Haven't really tried their desserts, to be honest, since I'm usually quite full by the time I've gotten to that point in the meal, but I've heard that they're all wonderful homemade-style treats, and the tiramisu is especially good.

The manager/owner (I'm assuming Giorgio himself) is always walking around in a non-obtrusive way and ensuring that everything is going well. You can really see the pride and passion he's got for his place, which is really warranted given the quality of what he's putting out on the tables. The servers themselves are fantastic. There's only a few of them, since the place isn't too big to begin with, and they're always on top of their game, ensuring that no glass ever gets to the bottom and that everyone is well taken care of. We've been to Giorgio's some 5-6 times, and they've recognized us every subsequent visit, which really gives you that cozy, family-run establishment feeling.

Tip: If you're planning on taking Septa to 13th/15th and then walking, that's a great option to walk through some vibrant areas of Center City and enjoy Philly, but be aware that the walk will run you 10-15 minutes easy, so factor that in!
We love this place for group gatherings for my program and were happy to go back post COVID. The food pairs well with white or reds for your BYOB recommendations, depending on what you get! We had appetizers family style and the seafood, prosciutto, and caprese were well presented and paired well together. Everyone loves the lobster ravioli here and it was over 60% of the total orders. I had the Veal Milanese, which was flavored well with eggplant. We got a bite site of tiramisu for dessert which was a perfect way to celebrate the return to Giorgio's.
Ok so some of my lady friends reviewed below after my birthday dinner last week and I must agree and say- WOW!  What an amazing time at Giorgio on Pine.  The staff was so welcoming and attentive from the very beginning.  

I called to make a reservation and Giorgio himself answered the phone.  After a chatting for a few minutes, he took my reservation for 12 and accommodated our large party (day-of reservation) with no problem!  Once I arrived he remembered me and sat us while we waited for the rest of the group.  Immediately we were greeted by our server Giovanni who was so great and  offered to open our wine right away. BYOB! 

The food was amazing and definitely authentic Italian.  I had the gnocchi with beef ragu which was made fresh and absolutely perfect.  Of course, I tried nearly every dish that my friends ordered and each one was just as good as the last.  The Ahi Tuna special was cooked perfectly and super fresh and flavorful, the Spaghetti Vodka and Rigatoni dishes were exceptional! 

Giorgio came out several times to check on us which I thought was special and not the kind of service you can find easily.   Chocolate cake slice to end the night? I think, YES!

What a great night! I'll be back, with my ladies in tow.
Oh man, oh man, oh man! Lovely little Italian BYO in a lovely part of town. My first time here, and I was excited.

Our very large group celebrated a birthday on a Wednesday for a mid-week rendezvous, ready to be wined and dined. Luckily we made reservations because when we arrived, it looked like a Friday or Saturday night! There were two other large groups, so you could imagine how loud the whole room was! With wine bottles being uncorked at every angle of our table, the noise from the other tables was less of an issue as we paid more attention to our own party, and the menu that was set in front of us.

Get cozy with your dining partners because the space is pretty small. My friend and I shared the mussels in white wine and the fettucine special with sausage, arugula, and parmesan. Both were pretty good, cooked with simple ingredients. I favored more of the pasta since I'm a huge fan of arugula, and the sauce was on the lighter side. Considering how heavy pasta can be, this was a nice surprise.

Service was friendly and efficient for our group, and the price point can't be beat for a large group. Very accommodating!

Absolutely great place for groups, large or small. If you're looking for an intimate, "let's use our indoor voices, please!" type of place, I'd look elsewhere.
One of the top Italian BYOB restaurants in Philly.

Impeccable service.  Mouthwatering, savory pasta that will leave you wanting more. The owner himself, Giorgio was very welcoming and friendly from opening the door for us to helping us out the door. 

The food was one of the best italian food I ever had. We had the clams and mussels as appetizers. The creamy sauce it came with was so delicious. I had the sausage rigatoni (huge portions). It was unbelievably delightful. 

One of the most pleasant, enjoyable, and memorable BYOB dining experience I ever had in Philly. Oh yeah, save some stomach to try the homemade tiramisu.
I tend to dread big birthday dinners at Italian BYOBs because they're chaotic, end up being expensive, and pasta isn't my favorite food in the world. 

HOWEVER, I had a delightful night on Saturday. A group of 11 of us went and it didn't feel overwhelming. It's not spacious, but not terrible. Watitress was really attentive and nice. Didn't have to ask about corking bottles, extra bread, etc. As everyone pointed out, bread with garlicky-oil was yum! I ordered the arugula salad special to start and it was standard goat cheese/tomatoes/arugula but with just a tad dressing which was nice. It was really big and def meant for sharing oops. Then I got the sweet potato gnoochi with alfredo sauce and spinach (a special).. YUMmayyy. Not too cheesy with the alfredo. Not too sweet with the sweet potato filling. Had plenty leftover. 

Entrees are in the $15 range and with a smaller group, I would say family style is definitely the way to go since I've heard not alll the entrees are good. Plus, such a large plate of the same pasta can be boring. 

Like everyone has pointed out, they are really accomodating for dietary restrictions. I love when menus say vegan/vegetarian so I'm not scouring the menu reading every ingredient. 

Our bill came out to $30/person which was reasonable given that everyone got apps, entrees, and that included tax/tip. Again, waitress was really chill when we handed her 6 credit cards.
This was an adorable restaurant tucked away on a side street off Broad Ave. Though it was a bit loud due to some groups on the night my friends and I went, it was still enjoyable. 
We were brought complimentary brushetta for an appetizer and chocolate mousse for dessert- so I can't complain! My entree of cheese ravioli was average, but good. 
The staff were fairly attentive and nice. A man who I assumed to be the owner came over to our table and was very nice. 
It's a nice spot, I would definitely recommend it if you're in the area.
My girlfriend brought me here for my birthday a couple of weeks ago, and things started off so well. Good food, good service, we were on our way to a memorable experience--until we ordered dessert and closed out our check.

We were still picking at our desert when one of the owners / managers, an older gentleman with white hair, came over and rudely informed us that, "We have a larger party coming in, so you'll have to wrap things up and leave."

EXCUSE ME?

There is no restaurant experience where it's acceptable to tell patrons they need to finish and leave, especially when they've literally just paid the check and are still eating their dessert. We've eaten at quite a few Italian restaurants in this fair city, many of them far nicer than this, and we have never, ever been treated this way. Especially when it comes to Italian, a cuisine that is supposedly all about taking your time, where traditional dinners are multi-hour affairs to be savored.

Now, I don't expect to spend multiple hours at any restaurant these days. But we shouldn't be hurried out of our seats after barely an hour. We're sorry if you booked things wrong, or put us in the wrong section, but that's your fault, not ours, and you need to own it.

Unfortunately, they didn't, not even after we called them on it on our way out. Said owner / manager was rude and stubborn, and maintained that "most people who come here are only here for an hour or so before they see a show," so it shouldn't have been a problem to sweep us out the door. Who are you to assume what our plans are? He just kept shouting, "I don't know what you want me to do?!?!?" 

How about you learn the first frigging thing about customer service, you asshole? You don't ask paying customers to leave when they haven't finished, and you don't yell at them when they try to call you out on your boorish behavior. You've not only lost our business forever, but the business of everyone we know. 

Again, it's such a shame because up until then we very much enjoyed our meals. But we can't come back to a place that treated us so terribly, and you shouldn't either--especially in a city with so many other awesome Italian restaurants.

Go to hell, Giorgio on Pine.
I would love to give this restaurant a good review for their food but unfortunately it has been overshadowed by the rudeness and unprofessionalism our group experienced last night.  We had booked a 6:30 reservation for a special occasion dinner for 20 guests and waited 45 minutes to be seated for our reservation (which we did not have a problem with). We then sat down in a room overcrowded and an extremely loud party next to us making any conversation difficult. Our waitress had to scream over top of us to tell us the specials. The bus boy spilled food on two of our guests jackets (we still didn't get upset). We then were served our food which everyone enjoyed. They then in order to get us out quickly didn't offer the option of dessert to any of us they just threw a few slices of cake on the table and threw a bunch of spoons down (rude and some people may feel uncomfortable sharing). They then dropped the check down. We spent over $700.00 in the establishment and tipped more than a 20% gratuity for our hard working waitress only to have an owner and I'm assuming manager come over and say "I don't mean to be rude but we have another reservation booked for this table and you guys need to leave" mind you we hadn't even been at our table for 2 hours for a 20 person party which we had to wait for our reservation. We got done eating and immediately were told to get up with no option of dessert. They were grabbing dishes and glasses away that people were still eating/drinking from. We had to leave our drinks and bottles there half empty since we couldn't even sit and enjoy the special event when some guests had driven over an hour to come out and paid for parking. Worst customer service I have ever experienced at a restaurant and as a business owner I was astonished at how unprofessional the whole situation was handled.  I can not support another small business owner who doesn't appreciate its customers so I will never eat there again!
I had a bad experience here. I made reservations for two a week in advance. We got to the restaurant five mins before our reservation time. We waited thirty minutes as they continued to turn over tables. They refused to seat us - clearly overbooked and disorganized. Firmly, yet insistently, the friend I was with asked to be seated in a non-date setup on the end of what was a larger table they had put together from multiple table pairs. At this point, a member of the staff started arguing with and talking down to her. We left. If you find yourself in a similar situation, check out Sbraga (one block west on Broad).
One of the best, simply put. If you are in Philly, you need to stop at Giorgio. They have the best authentic home made Italian food. 

Recommendations: gnocchi in the blush sauce with sausage, their sausage appetizer or their porkchop special. You won't be disappointed. 

It is a small BYOB and I have never had bad service here, they are always willing to provide samples of their appetizers and/or dessert at the end of the meals.
This is a consistently great neighborhood restaurant. Giorgio is usually there every night and just awesome. My boyfriend and I are devoted regulars.

Ambiance: Warm and jolly to put it best. When it is busy it can get loud but it's all very familial.

Service: They know the menu and are more than accommodating. They are friendly and efficient even when it is busy. First thing that comes to mind is that they are all pretty experienced. Plus, Giorgio really tries to look after his diners - checks in and meets people throughout the night. Makes you feel doubly welcome. 

Food: I normally do not like cream sauces as much but I love their linguine w/prosciutto & peas in tomato cream sauce. It is my definite go-to. Their mushroom bruschetta is fantastic - very earthy but not too subtle. The arugula salad is refreshing and citrusy but the grilled caesar salad is my favorite. (Again I really do not like caesar salad..) It is grilled baby romaine that is nicely dressed. Everything that I have had is a just a great dish. Nothing immensely creative but is just simply good italian food in a simple italian restaurant. 

Drinks: BYOB! Wine is our usual but I've brought along some nice beers that have complimented nicely with the meal. Dogfish's Red&White did nicely last time.

I'll always be back for more!
Giorgio's lets you get your dishes made-to-order, so you can basically kind of have whatever you want on your pasta. And I'm assuming Giorgio greeted us and was very friendly. Some basics before I start: BYOB, takes reservations, does take-out, all dishes less than $20, umm I think I'm sold.

We started with the bruschetta. When it came out it wasn't exactly what I expected; I thought all the ingredients were mixed together and we'd just get some pieces and what not (I don't think I read the menu right). But I'm glad that it wasn't that way. The best piece of bruschetta in that appetizer was the one with onion and cheese. Yum.

I got the linguini with prosciutto, sweet peas, and shitake. So much food! I thought I'd be health-conscious for once and take a doggie-bag but I thought heck why not eat all of eat. I did not regret it. Very filling and delicious.

Got the tiramisu to go. It was soggy which made me sad :( I think I must frequent more for my rating to go up. Seriously, I had no idea all these great places are around where I live!
Every restaurant can have an off night. By the looks of everyone else's reviews, Giorgio's was tonight, and my friend and I were the lucky winners.

Things started out promising. I got the grilled caesar: excellent. My friend, the arugula: he seemed happy. 

From that point forward, we went from smile to frown.

The entrees were served almost immediately after the salads, which is great if you're in a rush, and annoying when you're trying to spend a relaxed dinner catching up with an old friend.

His salmon was undercooked to near-raw, so back it went into the kitchen. Creating the classic, 'sit together, eat separately' scenario. My lamb was fine, though also undercooked. The broccoli was overcooked and cold. The potatoes were unabashedly tough and mealy.

While waiting for his salmon, the very nice owner came by to check on us. But then he NEVER LEFT. And while he stole every pocket of quiet with a tireless monologue, a couple was seated more or less on top of us (when there were tons of alternatives.) And when the owner finally gave us a sliver of reprieve, he was promptly replaced by waitstaff who also wanted to check on us to see if we were OK. Of course we weren't OK! So stop reminding us!

Once my friend's salmon was returned to our table, the owner paid another visit so he could tell us about how (a) their new fish vendor gives them such rich salmon (please just let us eat) and (b) he personally has trouble digesting such rich fish (no really, PLEASE just let us alone to eat.) Between the poor timing, the uneven cooking, and the constant interruptions, my friend and I were barely able to have any conversation whatsoever.

So the 2-star rating is not so much "Meh. I've experienced better." as much as "Really fucking annoying."
I've been wanting to try this place for a while so last Sunday I went for dinner. I can say that it's not my favorite Italian byob but it's definitely a quaint little place where you can sit outside (if you don't mind the minimal traffic, people throwing up out of cab windows and occasional crazies on pine) and have an average Italian meal. I gave this place 4 stars because the guy who sat us actually wound up giving us free dessert even though we protested we were stuffed.. Very good tiramisu and the waitress didn't seem to mind that we were so drunk and actually pouring our beer back into the bottle to take with us. Visit this place at least once and get the black pasta with the cream sauce.
After spending time in Italy - enjoying all of the delicious food - I found myself in a city of endless Italian BYOs and too often disappointed. This is a solid pick.

A good friend of mine can't have gluten or dairy. I had been by this place many times, seeing the gluten free menu outside, and had mentioned it to her. On a Monday night, we decided to have a girls night out. I made reservations (there were 4 of us), and I'm really glad that we did - because it was pretty full, especially for a Monday.

As soon as we got there, the owner started talking to us. What a nice old man, I wanted to ask if his name was Giorgio, but I couldn't get a word in. He was so excited about describing the gluten free pasta, even bringing out the box for my friend to see.

All three of my friends got the seafood pasta combination - even my gluten and dairy free friend, because she was simply able to substitute in gluten free pasta. (So the options are far greater than simply the gluten free menu). I opted for a mushroom cream tomato sauce, which I got with whole wheat penne. It was simply delicious.

Plus 1/2: They didn't get weird that we brought a big bottle of wine that we didn't intend on finishing. The waitress just put the cork back on the table without saying a word. 

Plus 1/2: Delicious bread. Can't go wrong with bread. Plus, they serve it with olive oil, which makes it a little more legit.
Small, but charming, Italian BYOB. I went here for lunch, so I didn't sample as much of the menu as I normally would. I ordered the stuffed chicken breast and I was able to sample the parmesan cheese crusted chicken breast. Both suffered from the same problem... not enough cheese! The chicken was well seasoned & cooked and the sides of potatoes and vegetables were good, so the potential was there for a really top notch chicken dish. Why the chef got skimpy on the cheese is a mystery. Cheese is in the name of one dish and is a staple of a stuffed chicken dish.
Giorgio is our go to restaurant. It's both a fantastic neighborhood Italian restaurant and an incredibly Gluten Free friendly establishment. Generally, everything we get at Giorgio has been good. The veal, the pork chop, the steak, even the GF pizza! I can't speak highly enough of Giorgio On Pine. Every once in a while, they even give us a little desert in the house. 

My only warning is that the place gets very busy (pre-covid) and very loud. When that happens, the environment is high energy and the staff moves very fast to keep things going. It's not a quaint, relaxing meal. But that should be expected at one of the best restaurants in town.
I don't get it. I don't understand why everyone loves this place so much. Yes, they have gluten free options which is great except that I'm not gluten intolerant. Yes, they have a diverse menu but I have a refined enough palate to not need 50+ options. Yes, they're BYO (thank GOD because I need all the wine in the world to deal with the noise level). Yes, they have a kind staff - I will give them that, they are nice and do a great job of rattling of their specials (which seem to be the same each time I go). 

I realized on my last visit, that I am never the one to make the reservation; I have always found myself here because someone else thought it was the greatest place around. Then I have to fight myself from telling them that they're wrong and swallow my thoughts while making my way through yet another mediocre meal. 

Last Friday I found myself here for a friends husband's birthday and while I know that Giorgio has his favorite dish in the city and it was his birthday, I noticed that I was almost obsessively checking the time to see if we were any closer to leaving. The restaurant was incredibly noisy, it seems as though all of the groups are placed in the upstairs area which escalates the noise level as each group is trying to overtalk the group next to it. I truly felt bad for any of the restaurant goers on the first floor trying to enjoy their meal as the insane amount of chatter had to have spilled over into their dining room. If I were trying to have a romantic dinner date with my boyfriend, I probably would have asked to grab the check and go elsewhere. For those of us squeezed into the upstairs area like packed sardines, it was claustrophobic and outrageously hot. There is only one AC unit and it is located closest to the stairs on the way back out. I was so uncomfortable before my meal and even more "meh" about the experience after having eaten.

We ordered the gnocchi to start which was in a really delicious and not terribly heavy boar ragout. The gnocchi was a little dense, but it was potato, not ricotta so I let it slide...at least it wasn't gummy. For my entree I ordered the veal with spinach (please all of you vegetarian/vegan folks don't lecture me on the inhumane nature of veal cattle raising). The veal itself was dry and bland, though the white wine sauce did provide some saving taste. The fact that the "side vegetable" was collared greens thoroughly confused me - mostly because my dish was already served with greens. 

It was a nice touch that they included 3 sharable desserts on the house for a birthday with a $550+ dinner tab, but aside from that I found that this and other more recent visits to be incredibly lackluster.
This place NEVER disappoints. Right in the heart of Center City you have Giorgio on Pine. The owner and staff chat back and forth to each other in Italian and the place is ALWAYS full (definitely make a reservation). 

The food is AMAZING. The regular menu is great, but make sure to pay attention to the specials.
My favorites are sweet potato gnocchi and the lobster ravioli. Don't forget about dessert. The chocolate cake & tiramisu can't be missed.

As incredible as the food is, the atmosphere created by the owners and staff makes it so unique. Despite it always being crowded and the steady flow of people in and out, they never rush you. They genuinely want you to enjoy your meal and the time you spend there. 

Love this place!
This is a great Italian BYOB that is perfect for date night, girls night, or celebratory dinners! Reservations are made over the phone and the man you usually speak with is not that friendly over the phone but hysterical in person.  This is a true family feel Italian restaurant.  We each got different options for dinner and were all very pleased with what we got.  We've come here a few times now and nothing on the menu is bad!  I personally love the spaghetti, shrimp & broccoli a la vodka and the bucatini! For dessert we all we couldn't get enough of the salted caramel gelato.  The portions are huge, staff is very friendly, and the meals are very reasonable priced! Everyone must try this place!
After using the Yelp app to search for gluten free places to eat in Philadelphia, we came across Giorgio's that just happened to be near where we were walking. It's on Pine street near the theater district, a little bit off the beaten path it seemed. 

We got there about 7pm on a Tuesday night. We didn't have to wait at all and they weren't busy until later around 8pm.  The hostess promptly seated us and brought over the menu. Pretty much anything on the menu could be made gluten free. They use Schar's pasta but also have a brown rice pasta and gluten free pizzas. Our server was attentive and knowledgeable about gluten free. It seemed as though they were known in that area for gluten free foods. 

I didn't know we had to bring our own beer/wine or else I would have grabbed some on our way in. Lesson learned. 

They brought out regular bread and garlic/oil for my husband and a separate gluten free bread tray for mine with my own oil to prevent cross contamination. 

I started with the soup, a potato soup with mozzarella and bacon. It was really good but lacking the potato pieces in the soup I hoped for. 

I chose the brown rice pasta with the beef goulash. It was very good. The pasta was cooked perfectly, just enough sauce and the beef was tender and juicy. Extra parmesan cheese on top and I was a happy camper. I only could finish about half of it so we boxed it up and took it back to the hotel. 

My husband had the special with spicy sausage pasta with a light white wine sauce. He said it was amazing. 

Dinner for less than $50 was a pleasant surprise! 

I often struggle with finding places that have not only a gluten free menu but an understanding of cross contamination and safety concerns. Even if the food was horrible, they would get a great review for having such a wonderful experience for me. 

I highly recommend this place for those of us looking for gluten free options!!
I just had a fabulous dinner for my friend's b day. Everything was perfect. Service was excellent and I love the owner Giorgio. He takes great pride in his restaurant. We had a large group. Giorgio 's is a great choice for either a large party, a date or a family dinner. There was a family eating pizza when I first came in and I originally wanted pizza. But then the waiter described some awesome specials. I went with the ahi tuna special which was a large piece of tuna on top of perfectly flavored greens and potatos. I also tried some of my friends' pasta dishes and everything was great. They also gave complimentary bread and olive oil which was good. I normally don't order dessert but the chocolate cake is phenominal and worth the exception to order dessert for even if it means leftovers. Service was excellent throughout. Portions are also a generous size. I will be back. 

And a byob that accepts credit card.
I've been looking forward to trying Giorgio on Pine for quite some time and am really glad we finally did. We came in with a reservation on a Sunday night, and the place was packed. We were seated immediately, put our BYO wine on the table, and it was opened before I could even get my coat off! My kind of spot. Our server came over quickly and rattled off all the specials from memory, and each one sounded better than the next.

Now for why you came here! The food. The table bread was really tasty - I love how the bread was in knots without seasoning, and you get to dip and spread however much garlic and garlic oil you want.

For appetizers, we went with the burrata and grilled caesar salad. The burrata was a good portion, and the tomatoes, roasted red peppers, arugula, and balsamic glaze were the perfect accompaniments. The grilled caesar was an elevated version of a traditional caesar and was really yummy, too!

For entrees, I ordered the seafood pasta which usually comes gluten free, but I subbed in regular pasta without an issue. The pasta was cooked perfectly, and the amount of seafood was generous. My boyfriend ordered the chicken parm which came with veggies and potatoes. Both were good portions and tasty.

For dessert, we went with a cannolo, a slice of cheesecake, and two decaf cappuccinos. The cannolo cream was so good, and the cheesecake was really creamy. The cappuccinos were also tasty and had the perfect amount of foamed milk.

The atmosphere, service, food, and price points were fantastic. We spent less than $100 for an incredible meal and left feeling beyond satisfied. I told my boyfriend Giorgio's needs to be added to our regular rotation and he agreed. I'm excited to come back soon!!
Too many good options here. The sweet potato gnocchi was probably the best meal I've had in months. The restaurant is in a very cozy atmosphere and it's right downtown. Free bread is always a plus. 

The service was great and you never feel rushed. Parking will be difficult since it's in center city, but you can always find a free spot near 11th and Bainbridge if you don't mind the walk.
I really, really like this place. I had to knock off a star for the service could be better but the food more than makes up for it. 

I love pasta and usually frequent Pietros for their pasta selection but thanks to Giorgio's, I have options! 

I highly recommend trying this this place, regardless if you require gluten-free pasta or not. Absolutely delicious.
Came by again last night after a little hiatus due to the holidays... I am happy to report that it is still delivering the same warm and inviting food/service. But I wanted to give an update because they have added some nice tasty morsels to both their appetizer and entree menus. I believe they may have slightly upped their prices, which is still not bad since they were quite affordable to begin with.

The place was packed for a Friday night even at 9:30! We had to wait a bit for our table but for indulging in the wait; Giorgio graciously provided us with a nice round of bruschetta in the beginning and tiramisu at the end. 

Now, I am happy to see that Giorgio's is doing well because I certainly want them to stick around. However, I was sad/annoyed to have my meal last night marred by the large group of loud obnoxious screeching college girls who were seated near us. I love a nice rambunctious scene but I do not like to have someone shriek "OH MY GAWWWWDDD!!!! NO WAAAAYYY!!!!" throughout my meal... 

Nonetheless this will not stop me from popping by Giorgio's. Though I think I'll be more oft to swinging by on the off nights.
10 of us (some who drove from Connecticut just for dinner) had  Saturday evening dinner at Georgio.  Here's the thing: If I were rating Georgio on JUST their food, I'd give them a 4. Almost everything we ate was good to excellent. The gnocci with beef ragout was stupendously delicious, as was the ethereal special of sweet potato gnocci. The eggplant and veal dishes hit the mark. Linguine and clams....mwa! Delicious! The appetizer salads we ordered were decent too--great balsamic on the grilled veggie plate. But my husband's rib eye steak sucked--very fatty. WHen I pointed out the huge chunk of fat that took up a third of the steak, the waitress actually said, rather condescendingly, that rib eyes are sometimes fatty. DUH! Rib eyes are usually well marbeled, but not fatty and flabby like this piece of meat. This was a bad piece of meat, and I am betting she knew that. No offer to cook another steak, no acknowledgement of the disappointing beef.

So what went so wrong? The noise level was outrageously horrible,  truly unpleasant,  from start to finish, and coupled with the unfriendly and almost rude service from the waitress--and the owner, or the manager, not sure who the hovering gentleman was--really made our birthday celebration (3 generations, ages 25 to 95) a 1 on a 10 point scale. From the start, we didn't feel welcome. We were rushed into placing our orders within a few minutes of being seated, and were not permitted to order appetizers first (so we could have a bit more time to review the menu).  Not allowed!!! My sister, the birthday girl, was regretfully feeling really crappy, and had to go outside to get a breath of air. When she and her daughters came back in, the waitress had the audacity to point to her watch and say "I really need you to place your order now".  My sister, clearly ashen and pale-looking, said "I'll just have some of the appetizers and that's it".  The waitress quickly said that she'd have to charge my sister  a 'sharing plate' charge. HUH? We are a party of 10 people, ordering a lot of food, and my sick sister is told that she'll be charged for not eating? Do restaurants really still do this?????  At  meal's end, after rushing to clear our table while we were still sitting there, my son asked the waitress for coffee. When she brought it for him, I asked for a cup for my husband since we hadn't realized she was taking coffee orders (we were at the opposite end of a long table), and she defensively said that she HAD announced that she was taking coffee orders, as if I had accused her of something terrible. 

The aforementioned gentleman (owner?) hovered, frowning at the waitress, looking like he was ready to scold her. It was very uncomfortable for us.

I eat out quite regularly and can't recall a more unpleasant dining experience in many, many years. What a disappointment for my guests and me.  A special occasion dinner turned into a 'Get us out of here!' event. 

Oh, and the final insult: I wanted to email the restaurant instead of posting a negative review....but their contact link on their website doesn't work! Maybe they got tired of patrons' complaints and closed their email account.
Had a GREAT meal here.

Quaint little BYOB with decent seating (divided in two small rooms so it feels a lot smaller than it is), definitely walkable from center city but distanced enough that you can get seated fairly early even on a weekend night.  

I literally changed my reservations 3 times in an hour, including a last minute party addition at the restaurant.  The staff was completely flexible and very friendly despite it being a fairly busy Friday night at 7:45.

The roasted garlic-infused olive oil they put out with the bread is incredible.  We got the calamari, grilled veggies, bucatini, fish of the day, chicken marsala, and gnocchi.  Everything was pretty good, I would say the calamari wasn't my favorite since I thought it was a little too mushy (maybe marinated too long) and didn't have that nice 'bite' in the texture that I usually get with fresh calamari.  The fish and the bucatini were my favorite, and we got the tartufo for dessert which was a perfect ending.

The table next to us had a guy chowing down on what looked like an entire side of cow, but turned out to be the osso bucco.  It looked REALLY good but unfortunately they were out of it by the time we showed up.  

The table behind us featured a group of about 10 raucous college kids who were drinking out of two huge jugs of wine, but luckily the rest of the clientele seems pretty tame.  

Their cappuccinos were pretty bad though- tasted like they came from a pod machine or something- absolutely no foam.
This is a great little BYOB and I'm definitely a fan.  We sat outside and within five minutes were asked three times if we were gluten free.  None of us were and it became a little comical by the third time we were asked, but it is nice of them to have such a large gluten free menu for those who need it.  This repeated asking also showed how attentive the staff was going to be for the meal.  

They brought out the bread basket and a bowl of olive oil with garlic cloves in it.  I could have drank that olive oil it was so good.  Just the right hint of garlic without going overboard and having stinky breath.  Next up came the entrees.  I ordered the gnocchi with the 12 hour braised beef sauce.  The gnocchi were perfect, soft and pillowy and just melt in your mouth good.  The sauce could have used a little more beef and a dash of salt, but I tend to like my food a little on the saltier side.  My table mates ordered the bucatini, another order of the gnocchi, and the linguini and all were very happy with their choices.  I also wish they would have left the bowl of cheese on the table for us to apply as we wish because I like to pile on an embarrassingly large amount of cheese on top of my pasta and I never feel right asking for that much when it's applied for me.  

We ordered a limoncello dessert for the four of us to split and when it was brought out, it looked like an egg had been cut lengthwise into four pieces.  I was hesitant to try it because it looked odd, but I figured it's limoncello - how bad could it be?  Well, it was amazing. I'm not sure exactly what it was but I think it was a limoncello flavored semifreddo for the "egg white" looking part and it was light and airy with a nice citrus zing.  For the "egg yolk" portion it was almost like a lemon curd and the whole plate had a puddle of straight limoncello on it.   I'd order it again for myself and stab anyone who tried to take a bite.
Eat here. Do it. 

An absolutely phenomenal gluten-free Italian meal. The service is exceptional and the food is unbelievable.

I'm not kidding. Eat here. Do it.
I came here last night to celebrate my friend's 25th! It was a great little space with a lot of charm. We brought our own wine and were instantly greeted by a pleasant waitress who popped the bottles open and gave up an ice bucket to keep it cool. She was attentive and made great suggestions for the menu. The owner/manager stopped by our table twice to ensure we were enjoying ourselves- and we were!

I ordered the clams & mussels appetizer in an AMAZING cream sauce, and got the specil for my entree- the sweet potato gnocchi. 

The portions are generous, the service was great, and the food really is superb. I will be returning again and again!
I had decent food here. Pasta was ok. Salad was ok. But their reservation system isn't very pleasant. Called few times and finally talked to someone and reserved table. Guess what, they never write down my reservation. We had to leave or move over to pizzeria next door. It is fine to make a mistake but the way they handle was horrible. They basically told me just leave or go to pizzeria. Was sat night, peak dinner time, we won't able to get in anywhere last min. Never going back. We just have so many other options to go.
My girlfriend loves Giorgio on Pine so I decided to take her here for her birthday. I was excited to hear it was BYO so we grabbed a bottle of wine and headed over.

First off, we had reservations and we were seated an hour and half later. That is absolutely unacceptable. Once we were seated, the table was misplaced and we were in the middle of the area! We were in the way of everyone and had my back touching someone else chair. I was uncomfortable the whole time but tried to keep a smile on my face.

Next the food was terrible. I got the chicken parmesan and the chicken tasted like it was taken out of the freezer and microwaves. My girlfriend loves the pasta specials and got a shrimp pasta and the noodles were not cooked well and not stirred so they were undercooked and didn't taste well. All the food was cold and not tasty.

Lastly, we complained in a nice way and the server let us know they took care of the bill. We asked the next person, Giorgio, who walked by and asked if he had an ATM so we could tip the server and he goes, "no, leave, we will take care of it." Did the server ever get paid? Not sure. Was the OWNER rude? Yes.
Our not so easy to please group of 12 arrived for an early dinner and from the moment we stepped in, we felt well taken care of.  We were seated in the separate little dining area up a few steps, so no worries about the cold coming in through the door.

We have a few picky eaters, a few paisanos (you know, the gravy vs. sauce people), even a few gluten free diners, and they accommodated everyone. The timing of service was impeccable - appetizers came out en masse, the main dishes served in two waves.

After rustic bread with garlic infused olive oil was set down, I loved tasting the different appetizers - the calamari is not fried; it's sauteed with shrimp and beans. The leftover sauce was delicious sopped up with the bread. Loved the sweet sausage with polenta, the grilled cesar salad, and finally the traditional caprese salad.

For my main, I chose the rib-eye. So yummy and the size was incredibly generous. The roasted potatoes was done perfectly.

For desserts, I saw cheesecake, canolis and creme brulee flying up and down our table. No crumbs left behind.

Thanks to our boss man for a generous Christmas treat and to the staff at Giorgio's for a memorable evening.
Absolutely amazing experience.  The owner is super personable and friendly.  A bit crowded and a small place, but the staff is so on point and friendly that you hardly notice and the the service doesn't miss a beat!

I also adore that this place is a BYO, plus the prices are so reasonable! Everyone at our table had a delicious, large portioned meal, for a pretty reasonable cost!

Some friends and I came for a girls night out/celebration.
When we arrived, our table wasn't quite ready (not a long wait at all, just a short delay), but the owner was very apologetic and sent over free bruschetta once we were seated.  Of course, we didn't mind waiting a few minutes for the table before us to leave, but it was very nice and very much appreciated that the owner went out of his way to make sure we were okay and sent something over to make up for the wait.

I had a special of the evening that was highly recommended by our server: Linguine with a creamy pesto sauce and calamari and shrimp!  Oh. My. Gosh!!  So good!!!!  My friend had the sweet potato gnocchi, which I kept stealing bites of...amazing!  Another friend had the mussels and someone else had soup and pasta with the pesto sauce...everyone left the meal feeling totally satisfied! 

Side Note: they also have a Gluten free menu, which is awesome for anyone you may know with dietary restrictions!

I ended up taking some leftovers home, and my boyfriend and I ate everything about 20 minutes after I got home.  He can't wait come to Giorgio and experience it for himself, and I cannot wait to go back!

I would say this is a Philly must try!  Especially for a date or a get together with some friends!
A group of 6 of us went here for a triple date for Valentine's Day weekend. We were all extremely disappointed after hearing how good the food was. The only thing decent was the service. Three of us ordered the lobster bisque, it was INCREDIBLY WATERED DOWN, and had no lobster chunks whatsoever. We had to add A LOT of salt to make it taste better. The bread was slightly stale with no flavor. My boyfriend ordered the fettuccini with crab and there was not one visible chunk of crab in the entire dish. The pasta was also undercooked and I LOVE PASTA cooked al dente, but this was awful. We politely declined dessert since no one was thrilled with their meals. 
Also don't get the mussels with sausage appetizer, they were overpriced and flavorless. I've had a better 'Italian' meal at the Olive Garden.
I just had the privilege of eating at this restaurant. I walked into Giorgio and asked to seat 4, myself, my boyfriend, my mom and my stepdad. Unfortunately there were no tables availible but I was directed to the small pizza joint they own 2 doors down. I was about to sit down when I see the host from Giorgio comes into the pizza place. He had chased us down to inform us that he did, in fact, just have a table open up. This really impressed me. We made our way over and sat down. First off, the bread, which is complementary, is served with roasted garlic in olive oil with red pepper flakes. Delicious. My parent's both got a spaghetti dish with various vegetables and a garlic sauce and they said it was amazing. My boyfriend got the arugula pie; it had gluten free crust that was incredibly tasty, fluffy and crispy, coated in seasoned olive oil with arugula, fresh shaved parmesan and, the best part, incredible slices of procuitto. Literally, the best I had ever had and I have been eating the stuff since I was a little kid. And then my dish. I got the house-made gnocchi in a home made marinara sauce with 12-hour, slow cooked, braised beef. Good lord. The gnocchi was perfect. Soft, firm but not too firm and flavorful, the sauce was delicious and perfectly seasoned and then there was the beef. Literal perfection. Melt in your mouth, perfection. My in-laws butcher cows, they have raised cattle since the 1930s. My man knows beef. He had a look on his face like he saw god when he tried it. 
      Like, if you are reading this you are considering going, trust me just go. It is totally worth it.
Affordable eats on par with other nearby Italian byobs like Viola.  Crammed and waits a-plenty, the place offers pretty generic, standard Italian options, with a pretty generic standard preparation.  Service is much the same.

Pastas and mains are no better nor worse than other byobs like Viola. Comfort favorite: a grilled caesar you can order all year 'round, otherwise the same Italian song and dance with no elevated or sophisticated complexity or execution.

Around these parts, go to Barbuzzo, Mercato, Amis or Little Nonna's instead.
This is a very solid spot.  Everything was spot on.  They put lots of emphasis on the service.  Well run establishment.   Had a Caesar salad and pasta that were outstanding.    They even had a side menu for those who eat gluten free
The Good

Tasty food 
Friendly staff 
Big portions 
BYOB

The bad 

Horrible management, the person who seems to be the owner, it was angry and verbally violent to one of his staff member. He had a horrible attitude  with everyone. 

You have to eat fast and leave, cause is always overbooked, they even asked us to leave.

Extremely NOISY, it is imposible to talk, everyone has to scream to be able to
Communicate! 

Bad experience
Great, Italian BYOB. Extensive gluten free menu as well for those who require one.

It's difficult to find many true Italian restaurants without venturing down to South Philly nowadays. Giorgio is always a favorite of mine when friends visit from out of town. Most pasta dishes are under $20 and you are served enough food to leave sufficiently full.

The manager/owner checks in with you throughout the meal. My personal favorite dishes are the linguine with clams and the spaghetti a la vodka. The kitchen has always been willing to try different sauces (blush, vodka, etc.) separate from what the menu offers.

I would suggest calling for a reservation, for more than two people, at least a few days before. I have always had luck calling the day-of for week night reservations, however.
I have to say, I wasn't impressed with Giorgio's food offerings. Was I impressed with their staff? Yes. Jiovanni was so sweet and cool and indulged our rowdy table all night long.

As far as the food goes, I was shocked that the offerings were as slim as they were. All of the meat dishes were served with veggies and potatoes, which I hated. This is an Italian restaurant...give me my veal with some PASTA! Anyway, the pasta offerings were also not what I would expect. There was no chicken piccata or shrimp scampi, both of which I consider to be very basic Italian dishes and I've never been to an Italian restaurant where they didn't have those two items on the menu.

Beyond that, my fettucini special with salmon, spinach, and peas in a blush sauce was only "meh." It really wasn't that flavorful and I just wasn't impressed.

One positive thing I will say is that there are a ton of gluten free options here...so if you on a gluten-free diet, this might be a good place for you!
Giorgio's is a true Italian gem nestled in a tiny space in Center City. Yes, its hot and crowded and loud, but I feel like it actually adds to the experience. 

My most recent trip was Saturday night, with a group of 14. We had an early reservation (5pm) and were seated right away. The waitress waited for our whole group to arrive and settle in before she gave an impress rundown of all the day's specials.  The menu is diverse but not huge, so we were all able to order fairly quickly. 

The food here is really, really good. Delicious pastas that are freshly made and paired with perfectly portioned sauce.  I had the lobster ravioli (a special of the night), which had a delicious blush sauce and was swimming in chunks of sweet crab.  My boyfriend went for the sweet potato gnocchi in an alfredo sauce, so I sampled that as well... they melted in your mouth like any good gnocchi should. 

We split the chocolate cake for dessert, which was decent, but nothing special. I was enviously eyeing the cannolis ordered at the other end of our table... next time I'll go for those!
My boyfriend and I were so excited to go here for dinner. I live above this restaurant and we finally found the time to go. We had a 5pm reservation and we were immediately rushed into the door upon arrival. They moved some tables around and we had to sit in the very middle of the small (tiny) restaurant. It was so jam packed that people's coats brushed over our bread as they walked by. Also, it was SO LOUD in there, we had to literally scream at each other to communicate. We will not be returning, and were very disappointed with the experience.

2 stars because the food was very good and the waitress was great too.
I went to this restaurant in a party of 8 people (my parents, two family friends, and two young nieces). It was a bit of tight squeeze, but the restaurant was very accommodating. In fact, the waitstaff was super-friendly and attentive.

The host was also incredibly gracious, friendly, and attentive. It was like being taken care of by the Italian grandfather I never had. He not only had multiple adorable conversations with my 2-year old niece, he made many attempts to bring her tiny plates of food she might find more appetizing than what the adults were eating (and she was not).

And then there was the food: DELICIOUS! Everything from the homemade pastas to the fish dishes -- EXCELLENT!

And then there were the desserts! We ordered tiramisu and chocolate cake for the table, and both were terrific. But the chocolate cake was like WOW! Like members of my family tasted it, their eyes popped, and they literally said: "WOW!" So good!

We'll definitely be back!

Branzino Special: 4/5
Ravioli: 4/5
Lobster Ravioli: 5/5
Tiramisu: 4/5
Chocolate Cake: 5/5
My husband and I took his sister and her fiance here for a casual, weeknight meal to celebrate their recent engagement.  I was shocked to find Giorgio PACKED on a Thursday night.  We came armed with bottles of wine and beer, which were promptly popped open.  For the table, we got an order of the sauteed calamari.  I really love calamari that ISN'T fried so I enjoyed this dish.  It was a decent sized portion for four of us but you may want.

I ordered the gnocchi, after hearing rave reviews of it on the interwebz.  I have to admit that the potato puffs from heaven lived up to their hype.  I thought they weren't too starchy and I really enjoyed the meat sauce on top- especially since the meat was super tender.  After our meal, we were stuffed and didn't order dessert, but Giorgio gave us a piece of tiramisu to eat later (it was just ok).

Why not 5 stars?  I enjoyed my meal, but I definitely think this is more of a place for "just out of college" aged, larger groups.  Also, my sister-in-law and I got our meals wrapped up and the waitress handed us the wrong containers.  I didn't realize until I opened it the next day at lunch.  It wasn't a big deal, but I was really looking forward to eating the rest of my gnocchi (I did, however, just eat my SIL's food anyway- thanks sis!)  And while the food was good, there are better BYO's that I've been to in the city.

I would recommend Giorgio if you are looking for a BYO for a group and need a place that has solid, standard Italian dishes that everyone likes.  Also, if you are gluten-free, this is the place for you!  I, for one, will definitely be back for some more of that gnocchi.
My boyfriend and I came here on Wednesday night with his brother and the brother's fiancee. We picked this place for its good reviews, decent proximity, and the fact that they carry gluten-free items.

This place is a food-allergy-sufferer's dream! When I called to make a reservation I inquired about accommodations for my food allergies, which are substantial and include things like garlic and onion as well as the wheat. I spoke with Giorgio, faxed them a list of my allergies and what I wanted from the menu, and he called me the next day to confirm that everything would be fine, no problems. That is some serious customer service!

Our companions weren't interested in apps so we went straight for the entrees- E had the special seafood fettuccine of the night, S had the ravioli, and B had the gnocchi. I went with a combo of the calamari app and the arugula pizza, thinking the pizza alone might not be enough to tame the roaring beast in my belly. I could have done without the calamari, and it was slightly flat in flavor although cooked perfectly, but I'm glad I got it just to add some more protein to my meal. It wasn't bad, it was just lacking a bit of punch without any garlic to liven it up. I would have added red pepper flakes and some more lemon. The pizza, however, was excellent! Good quality prosciutto, nice layer of fresh arugula, thin shavings of parm and a drizzle of good olive oil. I demolished that baby. The gluten-free crust was a brand I've never tried (Still Ridin') but it was better than Udi's- a bit fluffier with a semblance of breadiness in the middle as opposed to cracker-like.

Watching everyone else eat their amazing meals and the generous basket of bread with roasted garlic cloves and olive oil was utter torture. Those cloves... so tender and sweet looking... Everyone really enjoyed their meals and it was pretty much clean plates all around. E's seafood pasta was huge, with a dozen mussels, and he ate all but a few bites of pasta. Never seen him eat like that before! S's ravioli plate looked a bit skimpy to me, probably 6-7 nice looking ravioli, but she said the flavorful cream sauce and cheese filling made it the perfect portion. B's gnocchi was a huge hit around the table, light and fluffy as pillows, and the portion size was tremendous. I think he took home half.

We were too full for dessert but they had a lovely-sounding selection. The service was impeccable from start to finish- Nina did a great job even though it seemed she was the only server in the house. We brought a bottle of chilled Pinot Grigio which they promptly corked. Our water glasses were neglected a bit but it was surprisingly busy for a Wednesday so I'll cut them some slack.

Wednesday evenings there is a live performer named Bryan who sings wonderful slow ballads and old classics while playing the guitar, sometimes even singing in Italian. In such a small space (I counted about 6 tables) you'd think that live music would be a huge fail but it was very unobtrusive and he was so professional that I didn't even realize the music was live at first. Nina told us he's there every Wednesday from about 6-9. Go on a Wednesday, he's quite good and it made for a really nice atmosphere. Noise level was still manageable for conversation and this would make an excellent date spot.
I've eaten here a dozen times, if not more.  All of the pizzas and pastas are delicious.  I try not to order the same thing two visits in a row, but it's so hard to decided between all the fabulous menu options (that's a good thing!)  Linguine and Clams has been my favorite.  Service is usually pretty good.  They are very accommodating when it comes to various food and diet restrictions.
Giorgio's is one of my favorite places in the city. The ambiance is cute Italian without the kitsch, the food is invariably great, and the service is impeccable.

The owner brings a lot of life to this place. He recognized me and my boyfriend the second (yes, second) time we dined there, and is sure to check in on his customers throughout the meal to make sure everything is alright and to make you feel at home. Even on busy nights, we have not felt pressured to get in and out, nor have we felt ignored by the (obviously busy) staff.

I have tried a few different dishes at Giorgio's, all of which have been yummy. The sweet potato gnocchi, when in season, is to die for, and the boyfriend swears by their chicken dishes. The desserts, while standard (tiramisu, etc.), are delicious.

All-in-all Giorgio's is reliably a great meal, and we will continue to return.
Came here for my birthday with a small group of friends - GREAt place! Feels like you've walked into the house of your friend's Italian family. The space is small yet cozy. You definitely need to make a reservation to get in. But, the service is great - a great balance of attentiveness and not being too pesky. 

Oh, and the food! Great selection of dishes and all at a very reasonable price for this quality of Italian. Definitely check out their daily specials too. Keep in mind that it's also BYOB.
I brought my boyfriend here yesterday for his birthday, everything was perfect! i called ahead of time and told them it was his birthday, they offered to bring out a chocolate cake slice with a candle, when it arrived he was so surprised. We ordered their home made fettuccine. I wanted chicken in mine and they accommodated and made a suggestion to switch to a rose sauce as it would test better, so glad i did it was great. He had fettuccine with sweet sausage, broccoli and mushrooms, he loved it. We brought a bottle of wine which they opened for us. 

The restaurant is located in a beautifully tree lined street. It's cozy and homie, and can accomodate some lareg groups w/out loosing teh cozyu feeling.

I will be returning, this is now our go-to italian restaurant.
The service and food were truly excellent! My date and I arrived 45 minutes early, and even though the restaurant wasn't open yet, we were seated and served promptly. To start, I ordered the Cesar salad, which was remarkable. It was slightly grilled and had this smokey taste that perfectly complimented the Cesar dressing. My date ordered the prosciutto platter, and let me say that prosciutto, mozzarella cheese and apples are a fantastic combination. For my entree, I ordered the stuffed chicken. It was scrumptious. My date, meanwhile, ordered the gnocchi, which was light and tasty. 

I absolutely recommend this restaurant.
I have pretty high standards for Italian food because NYC is jam packed with places, and Giorgio On Pine is pretty okay. It's BYOB, which is cool and the service is really great, but those are the only two redeeming qualities about the restaurant.

Maybe it has to do with my group's decision to make it family style and share dishes. NOTE: $5 sharing charge per person - so we paid $10 extra because we had 5 people but only ordered 3 dishes. My friend who's been here before said the portions were huge, so we shared, and I left the restaurant not feeling filled and satisfied. When I eat Italian, I expect to leave the restaurant barely being able to move and hating myself. 

My group of 5 shared a salad, two pastas, and a meat dish and the dishes left more to be desired. We got the spaghetti a la vodka, sweet potato gnocchi (which was a special for the day), and the veal Milanese. We also shared three desserts. Nothing noteworthy about any of it. 

I looked around and had total envy of the people who got the parmesan crusted pork chop special and other dishes. I kind of wish I just ordered my own dish because I was still really hungry after.

For the price, I could have gone elsewhere. There were some rude old people waiting for a table too, and it turned me off. But I don't know Philly and was brought here by a friend in Philly, so I guess you live and you learn.
Five star review all day every day the staff is so accommodating so friendly and Giorgio it's always appreciated when the owner comes by to say hello to their patrons.  

We started off for sensational dinner with mussels in white wine sauce, a dozen PEI Mussels tossed with Vidalia onion and sweet sausage and served in a white wine and garlic broth... They give you homemade baked bread to dunk in the broth is to die for.

For our entrees my wife had the Bolognese with homemade pasta and I had the Veal Melanzane, with slice of eggplant and fresh mozzarella served in a tomato basil white wine reduction.  Both dishes were absolutely delicious and spot on to the flavor.

My wife always manages to leave just a little bit more room for something sweet at the end of the meal in this case asking what was made on the premise we learned it was their tiramisu and our server raved over it and sure enough it was that delicious.

We need to come back and explore other menu items the trick here is getting reservations. A fabulous find in Philly.
See our photos
Great place, excellent menu. Very gluten free friendly. Small but a friendly, welcoming staff. Good location.
we decided to give this restaurant after seeing all the good reviews, and they are definitely spot on! We were greeted by who I assume was Georgio. He was so nice to my kids and I, and sat us down immediately. Our server was Giovanni and he was so nice and answered any questions we had about the menu. He told us what specials the kitchen had in great detail! He helped us choose our plates and we were not disappointed! After ordering we received complimentary bread with some olive oil with garlic on the side, it was amazing! I ordered the Parmesan crusted pork chop. It was juicy and perfect. Giorgio checked on us a few times throughout dinner also and he was so nice. We mentioned we were visiting from California and they gave us a complimentary dessert. 10/10 experience there! Every single plate we ordered was worth it!
My boyfriend and I have been thinking for a long time that we need to find a decent, robust, no-fuss Italian place to add to our repertoire of "favorites" in the neighborhood.  Originally we started thinking we would have to go somewhere in the Italian Market area, but reading the reviews on Yelp for Giorgio (which is a BYO) inspired us to try it out.  We were NOT disappointed.  

We started off with the grilled caesar salad.  My boyfriend was, at first, perplexed that the romaine lettuce hearts were themselves grilled, but he was quickly rewarded for his open-mindedness when the smoky flavor of the grilled romaine was an excellent complement to the caesar dressing.

For our second course, he got the linguine with proscuitto and peas in a tomato cream sauce, and I got the gnocchi in the beef ragout.  Delicious!!  The gnocchi were like little pillows of heaven, and the beef was tender and incredibly flavorful.  Nothing was over-salted (unlike at Amis and Barbuzzo), and I could really taste all of the simple-but-pungent flavors that went into creating the dish.  

We decided to try out some tiramisu for dessert, even though the BF usually doesn't like it -- but this one he liked!!  Makes me happy, because I LOVE tiramisu.  They even brought us a little piece of chocolate cake to sample, which was unbelievably nice of them.  

Not only was the food good, but the service was uber-friendly and exact.  Giorgio was chatting it up with all the tables, and we even saw him in the kitchen helping out on the line for a bit!!  The servers were informative, helpful, and very very nice -- quite unlike someplace like... say... Mercato where they can barely look you in the eye while talking about specials and opening up your bottle of wine.  I can really do without the "hipper than thou" attitude, and Giorgio's servers were certainly NOT uppity.  Add all that to the fact that the prices are EXTREMELY affordable, and the whole package becomes pretty much irresistible.

We plan on becoming regulars.  No doubt.
Overall, I'm a little disappointed with my recent trip to Giorgio a few days ago. We went on a Friday night around 630 with the goals of carb loading before a race the next day. The restaurant was crowded but we were seated right away without a reservation. However, our table was so cramped that it was hard to even sit and we were completely backed up against other customers' chairs, so it was pretty uncomfortable. Probably a sign that the whole experience was going to be just so-so. 

Food: The bread basket we got for some reason was not very good. The bread was sooo tough to chew, almost stale. Maybe we got a bad batch, but it just tasted weird. We ordered the pasta fagioli soup, which was a special. It had a decent amount of beans and veggies in it, but a little lacking on the pasta part. I wasn't super impressed with it, but it was a fine starter to the meal. For meals, we got the gnocchi with beef ragout and one of the specials, which was fettuccine with a vodka sauce, calamari, and shrimp. The gnocchi was just okay, they were a little dense, but overall the dish was decent. The fettuccine special was actually very good. The pasta tasted homemade and was cooked perfectly. The vodka sauce was flavorful. I was a little disappointed in the lack of seafood in the dish though. I think we got about 4 pieces of calamari and 2 little shrimp in the whole dish! Portion sizes in general are very generous and we were full at the end of the meal. Overall, the food was fine but nothing special. I've had much better Italian in Philly, even at other BYOs. 

Service: Our server was attentive for the first half of the meal, but I think as it got busier, it fell off a little. We waited for about 10 minutes after we were finished our meals to even see a server to get the check. Also, when the table next to us got sat, it was impossible for the staff to get next to our table and they had to pass our food and drinks over the heads of the customers sitting next to us. It wasn't that big of a deal, but kind of annoying to have to reach up and grab our hot plates and continuously hand our water glasses to the staff. It was just a little bit disruptive to our meal. 

Price: I think this is what were were most disappointed about with the meal. While it is true that the main menu is very reasonably priced, the same cannot be said of their specials. Actually, I was appalled at how ridiculous the special prices were. Unfortunately, we had not asked how much the specials cost and we found this out the hard way when we got the check. The one bowl of soup we got (pasta fagioli) was TEN DOLLARS. I couldn't believe it. This soup literally has a few pieces of pasta, some beans, and some veggies in it. You could absolutely make an entire vat of it for less than 10 dollars. It seems criminal to charge the same price for a bowl of soup as an entire appetizer of mussels with sausage, or proscuitto and mozzarella, or calamari. I really do not understand the pricing there at all. How can all of the appetizers in the entire restaurant be the same price, no matter how expensive or inexpensive the ingredients are? We were kicking ourselves for getting it, as we felt it was worth about 4-5 dollars which is what most soups at most restaurants cost. Ugh, I'm still mad about it. 

The other special was got was also overpriced. The fettuccine dish was 24 dollars, which is actually more expensive than their ribeye, salmon, and all of their dishes on the whole menu. Since every other pasta is 15-16 bucks, we figured this would be similarly priced, maybe a few dollars more. As I said above, it had barely any seafood in it, so I'm not sure how they get 24 dollars as a fair price. 

I am totally fine paying these prices for quality food in a restaurant that is at this higher price point. However, I think the reason we were so annoyed is that we felt that we were duped, since Giorgio's menu is very reasonably priced otherwise. Lesson learned to swallow my pride and ask the cost of their specials if we return for another meal. However, I think it will be quite some time before we come back.. our wounds still need to heal from being burned by the most expensive bowl of soup I think I've ever had.
Love this place. Love the food and the waiters are all so friendly. Also, it's byob! They always have specialties and I def recommend you try all of them. 
Lobster ravioli, pork tenderloins, sweet potato gnocchi were all AMAZING. 
Also, their mussels appetizer, TO DIE FOR. 
What's my favorite there you might ask? 
Their garlic in olive oil... they provide bread for you to eat it with but I just eat it alone because it's just that good. 

I took away one star because there are a few pastas I don't recommend. One I specifically disliked was the Bucatini. In the description it said "spicy white wine marinara" it def wasn't "spicy" it just tasted like tomato sauce. I also didn't like their spaghetti primavera. It looked like more of a vegetable soup... 

Overall I will def be back!
Absolutely fantastic! super romantic. lovely + attentive staff. wonderful diverse Italian cuisine. can't wait to go back!
Have to agree with previous reviews that this restaurant is at the top of my Philadelphia list. Coming from the Jersey Shore we take the AC Expressway just as all the Philly people are heading the other way. One of the great things about Philly is the BYOB small Italian restaurants. Friendly and accommodating we find these restaurant to be reasonably priced with good food and a friendly staff that is easily engaged. Having been to at least 25 in the past several years this one has to rank among the top. Food was excellent, reasonably priced, and to borrow from another reviewer portion sizes were realistic. The owner Jo-Jo (hope thats right) and wait staff were easily engaged in conversation. We will be back
I came here for dinner and I thought the food was pretty good. If I could give this place 3.5 stars I would. I think if the food wasn't so salty and the portion sizes weren't so huge I'd give it 4/5 stars. It's really American-ized Italian food and it should be clean and simple. I'll definitely go there again but I think it's best to share the dishes. 

The mussels and clams were fine but just painfully salty. The garlic and extra virgin olive oil... oh. My. Gosh. Incredible!!! The garlic spreads like butter on the bread. You will eat every drop and clove I promise! Bucatini was simply fine but the sweet potato gnocchi *applause*. Perfection. Get it and share it with someone. 

The service was absolutely amazing! Water is always filled, table cleaned. You receive so much attention from the staff and Giorgio himself is watching and talking to everyone. It's a very very friendly environment. 

It's byob! No crock fee! What more can you ask for right?

Would I recommend? Absolutely. There's a reason why they are so busy and booked!
This is still my favorite Italian restaurant in the city. My bf wanted to celebrate his bday dinner here and it was a great restaurant choice! We had dinner on a Thursday night and I made reservations 8 days in advance, but they still only had two time slots...so call and reserve early! 
It was so busy and crowded inside, which was nice to see because the business is thriving. A bit hard to hear inside since it is small and your table is right next to another, but all part of the experience.

We ordered the sautéed calamari again because yum! My bf ordered the rigatoni pasta, which was absolutely delicious. The marinara sauce was light and tasted outstanding. I ordered the grilled salmon, which sounded basic on the menu but it had so much flavor. The herb pesto on top of the salmon is extremely fresh and the salmon was grilled to perfection. The spinach and potatoes were honestly good, too. 

I asked the waitress to bring out tiramisu with a bday cake and that was on the house. The tiramisu is top 3 best tiramisu I've ever had. It is so light and easy to devour in a couple bites. I can't recommend this establishment enough!
Tried this place for lunch but was not very impressed. The restaurant is very small but quaint. The decor seems a little outdated but the staff was friendly. Service took a little longer than I expected, seeing as though it was lunch time I expected quicker service. I had the parmesan cheese crusted chicken breast. The dish was good but there was not enough cheese. The plate was huge and the portion was big, but the flavor wasn't bold enough. The food was good but not great. I was disappointed for I heard many great things about this restaurant. I am glad that I got the chance to sample this place, but I'm not sure that I would return in the future if given another chance.
First memory of this place is how loud and bustling. Don't come here without a reservation especially with a big party. This place is your straight forward italian shop. I love it. As an update, they no longer do substitution or pastas or meats, the dish comes as is. Reminder this place is also BYOB. So bring a bottle or no wine!! 

I highly recommend the gnocchi and the linguine with clams. I honestly think going with the specials is a good decision too. The flavors are very well made and the pasta is not as al dente as in Italy. 

This place is very loud, I had to yell to hear many times but I will still be back! Excited for the next time!
We were a party of 6 and each one of us had a different dish but the same reaction- "Amazing!"

Delicious, authentic, affordable Italian food in Center City- yes please!

Oh, and Byob. Life is good at Giorgio on Pine.
Great BYOB and there are GLUTEN FREE options including pasta!!! I got the ribeye with was cooked just perfectly. It's nice to have a restaurant with more than 3 gluten free items listed
Like everyone else said, the owner there was a sweetheart. Jess, our waitress, was great, too - she convinced me to switch my order to the gnocchi and bless her heart for doing so.

Prices were very reasonable, portion sizes were realistic (let's not kid ourselves - insanely-sized portions are a big part of why so many Americans are obese), food was excellent (I thought it was a bit too peppery but that's just my own taste, I'm not a big fan of pepper), and when they discovered we hadn't brought our own wine, they poured us two glasses from a bottle they had been gifted with earlier in the evening.

Every waitress in the place came by at one point or another to make sure we were enjoying our meal, they were friendly and helpful, and it was a great meal. highly recommended!
