I finally made it to Giuseppe & Sons after trying once before on a weeknight and striking out because they were already booked. This time, we made a reservation and were seated in a cushy booth in the center of the dining room. 

Our server, Nancy, was awesome! Great with recommendations and descriptions that helped us make the best choices. We started with the tableside mozzarella, compliments of the kitchen, and it was an incredible start to the meal. The cheese was so delicious, and the roasted peppers and tomatoes that came alongside were a great addition. We also started with the meatballs, shrimp scampi, and antipasti salad. All great dishes that, along with the irresistible tomato focaccia, ended up filling us up before the main event. 

When our mains arrived, we all took a few bites before having them boxed up. My rigatoni with vodka sauce was nice, but my husband's lasagna and his mother's chicken milanese were fantastic! I especially liked the chicken, which was served cutlet-style and topped with a gorgeous salad of tomatoes and red onion. 

I had saved some room for dessert, so we shared the tiramisu, which came in a giant bowl and provided more than enough for our party of three. This was absolutely delicious and I will order again next time. 

Giuseppe & Sons has shot to the top of my list for a great, albeit heavy, meal in Philadelphia. Perfect for the cold winter months ahead!
I love this place for happy hour! I've come here quite a few times with friends, family, and my coworkers (who are both friends and family)! The prices for the cocktails, beer, wine are fantastic! The food selection for the happy hour is absolutely amazing! It's a great price and you can have a full dinner on the happy hour menu without breaking the bank. 

I told the bartenders today that I could come and order 20 orders of the whipped ricotta, it is just that good. The negronis are my favorite drink on HH and are so freshly made with perfect ratio of ingredients. All of the other seasonal cocktails and small bites are great, as well. 

Above anything else, the staff there are so nice, hospitable, and accommodating. I have been there a few times and chatted with John and have even started asking for him by name, as he is so sweet! I met Andrew today and he was so welcoming and cheerful. It's so great to meet great bartenders in a center city area that remember regulars, since it is such a busy area! I will definitely make this a regular spot to go to!
I've only ever ordered take away here for lunch and the food is always delicious and filling! 
My husband took me here for my birthday | anniversary dinner and the evening was wonderful! We were directed to go downstairs for dinner, after a decending the stairs and making out way past framed images of Italy, we emerged behind the curtain to see a long bar with patrons quietly enjoying their drinks and conversation. The ambience was that of a swanky speakeasy- dark and sultry- almost a little too dark, I could see other diners breaking out their iPhones for the flashlights to see the menu. We were seats at a unusually small table in the corner or a banquette.

Our server was awesome- I greeted us with complimentary Prosecco for our 'birthaversary' it was so sweet of them to add that special touch to start off our evening.  Everything was serviced family style so the portions were more than enough for us to share. We started out with the beef carpaccio, it was so beautifully presented, a bit on the salty side but we devoured every bite. Then came the octopus, I loved the combination of the acidity of the fennel paired with the tender octopi. The starters were beginning to fill us up but then we had to make room for the veal parmigiana, crispy veal under a generous covering of marinara sauce and mozzarella cheese, it was so unbelievably good, the dish was large but it easily when down our bellies. We always order the wild boar bolognese- oh my goodness, the decedent sauce and the delicious boar meat was just divine. I highly recommend this dish for any diner on the fence about whether to order it or not!
Our waiter was attentive and kept the plates coming at a good pace. We were too stuffed for dessert but there was enough room for the homemade limoncello. It was excellent, the liqueur was bright and sweet with a subtle bite of the alcohol- it was presented in this beautiful etched cordial glass. Dispite passing on dessert- we were presented with this sparkling cannoli to celebrate our big night out! It was a wonderful finishing touch to a really nice evening.
CAVEAT: I WAS THERE ON OPENING NIGHT SO GIVE THEM WHATEVER SLACK YOU ARE INCLINED TO GIVE THEM FOR THAT.
Our visit was mostly a train wreck. Place has a nice decor but nothing too spectacular.  It is noisy, even by modern standards.
We started with shared apps of meatballs (very good), stromboli (good), and roasted peppers (poor).  
Specialty cocktails were flat and too sugary. 
Service was laughable.  We had to ask three staff for bread while others had it automatically brought to their tables.
My companion had the veal parmigiano.  It came out (no exaggeration) 8 minutes before my entree with no parmesan cheese anywhere on the plate. When this was pointed out to server, he offered to sprinkle parmesan cheese from the shaker on the table.  We, um, declined that offer.  Server then mumbled some sort of apology and an assurance that he would "look into it", but he never acknowledged the error again nor was any further action taken or offered to correct the error.  I had the Lobster Fra Diavlo.  Lobster was horrible.  Virtually inedible.  
Back to the service:
- water glasses sitting empty
- dirty plates left sitting on edge of table for exceedingly long time as empty handed staff walked by
- we were brought wrong entree (above) and a wrong dessert
- your "check" is brought to you on a tacky handheld credit card reader. Small screen display that the server scrolls thru for you quickly "in case you want to take a look".  Your card then scanned and you're presented with tip options, the first of which is 25% LOL! 
This all came to $30O for 2 people (5 drinks total).
Despite all this, I'll give it another shot and hope this was just opening night kinks.
This place is a pretentious imitation of so many great, South Philly Italian restaurants. Unfortunately the only thing I thought was truly delicious was the cannoli provided by the storied South Philly Termini family.
Everything else just fell flat. The meatballs were just alright. The pasta was way over cooked in all of the dishes we tasted. The sweat breads in the marsala dish were so damn dry and over cooked and the surrounding marsala sauce did little to add any flavor other than salt and butter.
The service was really spotty as well. Our wine order took forever to come out, dishes we ordered never arrived to the table and everything felt rushed and inefficient.
Don't be fooled. Head South to Bomb Bomb or Mr. Martino's were the food is affordable and delicious and your hosts will call you "hon" and make you feel like you're in their home. You can't fake that.
I was hoping for a great experience and primarily received the opposite. The set-up for lunch is rather odd. They have no servers for the tables and you over at the counter (like a fast food joint). They also have a bar which I decided to sit at so I allowed the counter person to keep my credit card. 

I had the meatball and escarole hoagie. The prices are good. The bun was excellent and overall the hoagie had a good taste. The issue was the lack of adequate meatballs. So, they need to not skimp on the main ingredient-meatballs. I also ordered an Aperol spritz which was good. 

The staff were generally friendly and were working hard but not smart. There were too many chiefs running around on the floor and not on the key areas. The counter person was also required to make drinks which means if you wanted another drink, you had to wait until the counter person finished taking orders. I ordered another Aperol Spritz but never received it. Once the counter person was ready to make one for me, I told him to forget it and just get me my check.

My issues:
-poor management 
-poor processes in place that result in poor customer service
-skimp on main ingredient in the sandwich 
-one staff should be dedicated to making drinks versus taking orders and making drinks

There are very many awesome restaurants in Philly and if you slip, you'll be gone. That's what will happen to this place if they don't get their act together.

Unless they get their act together, I will not be coming back, taking friends or recommending the place to anyone.
Giuseppe & Sons was my restaurant week dinner choice for winter of 2019. When you arrive you are led down into the basement. I wasn't sure what to expect, but once you get down there you see it's a beautiful space. They provided a large restaurant week menu of sharable plates that really seemed to show off what the kitchen is capable of. I was able to try the Meatballs & Gravy, Shrimp Scampi, Caesar Salad, gnocchi, swordfish, and the roasted peppers. The meal was supposed to start off with bread, but that didn't arrive until after I asked for it midway through the meal. A minor snafu by otherwise impeccable service. I had never tried swordfish before and it was delicious. I'll definitely consider it now anytime I see it on a menu. I always try the meatballs at any Italian restaurant and the meatballs here did not disappoint. Tasty, juicy, meatballs just a shade below the city's best. The salad, gnocchi, and roasted peppers were good as well. The shrimp Scampi was slightly disappointing, as it didn't have the delicious scampi sauce you normally get at Italian restaurants throughout the city. I tried a cocktail as well, but I can't remember the name of it. I do remember being impressed because it had a honey comb inside of the drink.

You can't ask for better restaurant week value than what you will find at Giuseppe & Sons. And then the decor and food make you want to come back. That's doing restaurant week right.
A few weeks after making our reservation, it was finally time to try out the new Giuseppe & Sons. The restaurant itself is grandiose, with a top floor boasting a luncheonette, and and a marvelous bottom floor with a bar and loads of tables for dining. It's a cool space with a luxurious, hotel-esque feel to it. 

Everything on the Italian menu looks delicious, so we opted for the Chef's Tasing. For $55 pp, the table gets their choose of two starters, a salad, a side, a pasta, and a meat dish, with cannolis to complete the meal. 

Starters:
The MEATBALLS & GRAVY were good, not great. The order came with three plump meatballs in a red sauce that was lacking on flavor. It wasn't bad, but the sauce could have benefitted from some more depth. 

The BRAISED OCTOPUS was one of favorite dishes. The octopus is sliced thin and cooked well, atop a bed of the humble cannellini bean, flavorful fennel, and slices of chili for a spice that gives the dish an extra punch!

Salad:
The INSALATA DI MARE was refreshing, bright, and simply delicious. A delectable mix of fresh shrimp, scallop, mussels, and clams were mixed in a light lemon juice and fresh parsley. All of the seafood tasted great, and it was a nice contrast to the heavier Italian dishes we ate throughout the evening. 

Side:
The BRASCIOLE isn't something I ordered again. I was hoping for a veggie side, but went with the table decision to order this. However, we were all unimpressed. The rolled flank steak was a bit tough, and it was in the same uninspired red sauce. Compared to everything else, this was our least favorite. 

Pasta:
We came here with our eyes set on the ORECHIETTE WITH SAUSAGE, so that's what we went for. This pasta was simply divine! The orechiette pasta was coated in a creamy parmesan layer, with bites of plump sausage and broccoli rabe nestled into the crevices of the pasta. It was rich and light at the same time - decadent and amazing.

Entree:
The chicken MARSALA was another great dish. Lately I've been ordering chicken in restaurants more often, and have been enjoying it more and more. The chicken breasts were moist on the inside, and coated in a heavenly marsala sauce that is better than what my mom cooks up. If you're a marsala girl, I reccomend this chicken. 

When we thought we couldn't eat any more, it was time for dessert. We were each given on our own mini CANNOLIS. These cannolis had a vanilla bean filling that was perfectly sweet without being overbearing, and was perfectly paired with the crisp shell. These were the perfect sweet treat at the end of the meal. 

In my opinion, the Chef's Tasting is a solid option if you're interested in a lot of the menu. The price is fair, and you'll leave satiated. Another good deal is the carafes of house wine. For just $18, you can get a half carafe of the house wine (which is 2-3 glasses) - way less than ordering two-three individual glasses. 

My one gripe was with the service. Dishes were coming out TOO quickly.  All the starters sides/salads came out at once, and it felt very rushed. 

Giuseppe & Sons is a great Italian spot - I definitely reccommend coming for the pasta dishes.
I rarely leave reviews but I wanted to make sure others understand how their lunch works before going. There are no servers. You order at the counter/bar and the line got long. Reminded me of ordering at a fast food joint. We had the tuna and pork sandwiches along with a "Caesar" salad. The tuna was good. The pork was a soggy mess. And the caesar was served in a plastic take out bowl with close to zero dressing. It was just finely chopped romaine with grocery store croutons and tasteless cheese. The house white and red are terrible. Given there was no table service we opted to sit at the bar. The bartender was clearly not happy to be working lunch. I'm not a smiley happy person but man, she couldn't have made it more clear she DID NOT want to be there. With all the excellent Italian in this city, I won't be back.
came for restaurant week and had an OK time. 

the interior mood of this place is very cozy; Sinatra playing in the background, bar lighting is very vintage, i'm a fan! but the food definitely needs more finesse

started with the meatballs and octopus, honestly probably the best dishes of the night. the Caesar was okay, nothing spectacular.

crab spaghetti - more meat less fancy. i saw a crab on my plate so i went for it and cracked it open and there was barely any meat in it so i'm assuming it was just for show. it wasn't cleaned well and a weird smell. the meat in the actual spaghetti was a 2.5/5, i would have wanted more crab meat and less show in this dish. sauce and noodles were decent

sweetbreads marsala - this was good. i'm not the biggest fan of sweetbreads but it was a pretty small portion so i let my boyfriend eat most of it

broccoli rabe - this was way to bitter. i had to send it back 

ALL IN ALL, this place was a 3.5/5. service was good but the food isn't even close to the best italian food i've had in philly.. but it's new so i'm hoping with time they'll work out their kinks.
Visited opening night but I am of the belief -- don't open until you're ready. Perhaps limiting the amount of covers you allow opening night would've fixed the following issues:
- poor service from start to finish 
- badly executed food
- two bad reviews in the first 24 hours of being open. 

Poor service
- We made a reservation and were told that the wait would be over 30 minutes. Hostess prompted us to get a seat/drink at the bar. There was no room to do so as the bar was full. Approached and was not acknowledged by bartenders. There were some open tables, and I do understand pacing the kitchen but very poor taste from the very beginning 
- Server clearly was green. Stumbled over her spiel. Did not offer to answer questions. Rhythm was off. She would disappear for long periods, clear food while still eating, and ask how the food tasted as soon as it had arrived. Um we haven't tried it yet? 
- Of the two managers, two bussers, and one server hovering to clear our dishes (always as soon as there was just a bite or two left) we were never offered clean share plates or silverware. Three courses of saucy food all mixed together. Did not expect at such a place with entrees ranging from $15-50 I'd have to ask for a common place service. I didn't ask so I didn't get it, I suppose. 
- we ordered wines by the glass and both rounds took a while to arrive. Second round took over ten minutes even with manager checking. 
- only one food runner described our dish, not even the manager who ran food. Would have appreciated more info since it's so dark you can barely see what you're eating. 
- after our dessert was the only time no one hovered to clear. Sat and waited while five managers stood by the server station conversing. Server had also disappeared at this point. We did get a food runner try to drop off veal on top of our cannoli though. That was weird. 
- I'm familiar with handheld payment system but awkward that server hovers as the tip screen pops up. First prompt is 25%. Are you kidding? I left 20% because I'm not a d-bag. 

Bad Food
- support staff brought us with basket of stale Italian bread. Insisted on putting our bread plates on top of menu as I moved them twice. 
- pasta was surprisingly pedestrian. You know when you ladle sauce on top of pasta out of boiling water? That's what it tasted like. No sharing spoons or spoons at all offered with pasta. 
- entrees were grossly over cooked like eating at your mother in laws house. Definitely jersey style. Broken sauce with oil separating. Not appetizing. 
- cannoli was fine. Just fine. Tasted like cream cheese. Would have preferred ricotta but that's just my taste. 

Hey, the restaurant is a beautiful, transformative, bi-level experience though! One that I won't ever repeat.
I really wanted to like this place more. Walk into to the luncheonette and they ask if they can help us and then I give our name and they say see the hostess downstairs. Then why ask? Get a better system. Biggest problem is feeling rushed. When you order appetizers salad pasta and entrees it should not come out in two courses such that you need to eat fast and it still gets cold. It should be at least three and paced accordingly. They are just trying to get people in and out to make money. A shame as the food was good had it been hot, though the octopus was tough. The waiter said cannoli was included with tasting menu but we had to ask for it. All this low class but they still have bathroom attendees. The attendee backed into me in the bathroom and said 'sorry big guy'. Condescending bs. Skip this place until they work harder for your dollar.
Brought some out of town coworkers here and boy was I disappointed. They always rely on me to suggest great restaurants and this failed me so much!

The only memorable item I can get in 5 other places and that was the cannoli at the end of the meal. We did the chef's tasting which in my opinion was weirdly laid out. 2 apps, 1 salad, 1 side, 1 pasta and 1 protein. It just didn't seem balanced. We got:

- shrimp scampi which may have been the best out of everything
- the meatballs were eh
- ceaser salad was one of the worst come on guys panera can do better
- Roasted peppers (the whole side section was mediocre at best as far as offerings) tasted like they were jarred
- The gnocchi (in red sauce), oh lawd it tasted so bland and sad. I think it was supposed to have sage too which it didn't
- Chicken Parm - the second best thing. I didn't mind it but also the vous does a more flavorful one.

My portion of the meal cost me ~$80 and I kind of want my money back so I can go almost anywhere else.

Our waitress/service was nice and I enjoyed the swanky decor but I just don't understand the hype.
Top Two restaurant pet peeves:
#1 Open Kitchen ordering when it is not spaced out. Let me finish the hot dish before you bring out another hot dish. We had probably 5 hot entrees on the table at once, not cool (unless we are referring to the temperature of my meatballs). This basically go against all Italian dining culture- dont rush the meal!

#2 Anything negative bathroom related. The bathroom attendant directing me to open stalls was not necessary. I can determine an open stall- This was totally awkward, everyone at my table agreed! She didn't even have mints or hand out paper towels-  Just yelling at me where to go!

Overall the food was good and it was very swanky (fun for the girls) but I cant stand all my courses on the table at once! Plus all my friends where Mom's and getting out was a special occasion so to rush the meal was lame.
Over involved staff and underinvolved preparation. I am always skeptical when they tell me dishes will come out "as they are ready" to ensure that they are super fresh. No, what you're saying is that the kitchen doesn't know how to pace the meal and so you, the client, will eat whatever is put in front of you no matter its logical sequence. 

Sure enough, we had our appetizer in about 5 minutes and our entrees about 5 minutes after that (with appetizer still happily sitting in front of us). 

Then, the various staff took turns interrupting our conversation to see if they could clear our plates! They wanted us out in about 35 minutes. Literally, servers we never saw before would swing by and try to clear the plates. It's like they were keebler elves ready to swoop in. 

The effect? A rushed, impatient, (although pleasantly quiet!) experience with average execution on the food. Was it bad? No, not bad at all....just not memorable or noteworthy.
adorable restaurant, schulson did it again! it's interior is beautiful and bathroom is fabulous. the plush seating and intimate space makes it great for a date night or special occasion.

i went for restaurant week and had PLENTY of food. i was able to try the burrata (8/10), eggplant parmesan (9/10), tomato pie (6/10), orchiette w sausage (7/10), crab spaghetti (not going to rate bc i wanted to try but not a seafood person), chicken parmesan (6/10) and long hots (7/10). topped it off with complimentary cannoli!

the experience was wonderful but definitely didn't need as much food that was given. i'm extremely happy i had the opportunity to eat here but not my favorite. i would recommend going though!
They rushed our table of 4. 
We ordered 4 apps and 4 entrees and the entrees came a couple of minutes after the apps. 
Needless to say that despite us telling our waiter, Ryan, that we wanted the meal paced properly so we could enjoy each other and the food, they rushed us in and out. We received all of our food within 20 minutes of sitting down.
The food is mediocre, service is all talk and bad but the decor is very cool.

I doubt we will ever go back. There are many other restaurants with better food and service. 


We felt that they try to upsell and talk you into spending a lot and then rush you in and out to get another party at the table.
Pros
Great HUGE space with 2 levels. 
Ambiance is nice. Sorta like a big speak easy. 
Our waitress was friendly,honest and took our criticism like a champ all night - don't worry even though we did not like our meal we still tipped her well. 
Meatballs as an appetizer was on point and tasted like my Grandmom's. 
Bread was flaky on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. 
House wine was easy to drink. 

Cons
Everything else 
We ordered :

Apps-
Meatballs- pretty good
Octopus- more whole cloves of garlic and white beans than octopus. Poor attempt at a octopus ceviche flare they were trying to accomplish. 
Eggplant parm- eggplant was not cooked all the way and was extremely salty 
Stromboli- more bread than meat. 1 sliver of meat layer. But otherwise surrounding bread was light and flakey. 

Main- 
White clams and macaroni- just no. No flavor. Just tasted like clam juice. Coming from an Italian family , chef this needs some sprucing up with better flavors than just clam water. 

Veal parm- honestly the PARM breading might be what was salty because this dish was also extremely salty. Otherwise, basic nothing to rant and rave about. 

Pasta pomodora- pasta came out too soon from the pot. More al dente than would liked. Besides that not impressed, gravy was very sweet. 

Lobster Fra diavalo- this spaghetti was over cooked. Mushy and starchy. Not spicy. Just not good. 

Desserts-
Apparently from Terminis.... doesn't taste it
Bananas cream pie-  okay. Nothing special. Basic. Good. 
Cannoli- does not taste like terminis. 

Overall the experience started out well with the ambiance and meatballs and then quickly spiraled into the worst Italian food I have had in the city. 

Also tip, order in stages because they bring out your food as it's ready so if you order your apps and your main meal whatever is done will come out then you'll be eating everything at once. 

Disappointed. Such a big space to waste on not so average Italian food. The owners should stick with the Asian fusion or hire some new chefs who know how to cook Italian.
My cousins and I came here for dinner since none of us had been to this newer restaurant. With the so-so reviews, I was a little hesitant but it definitely exceeded my low expectations. On a warm 70-degree Friday in early March, there was loads of traffic coming into the city. The restaurant was very accommodating with our reservation as we were about 15 minutes late. When we arrived, we were promptly seated. 

Throughout the night, our server was also so helpful and accommodating. My cousin's boyfriend is a vegetarian and there's not much on the menu without meat, so the server was proactive about asking the kitchen for modifications. 

We started with the meatballs and gravy, braised octopus, and arancini for the vegetarian. Since I don't eat octopus, I was only able to try the meatballs, which were delicious. It's a MUST to save some of the warm crusty bread for the gravy! We also got two salads: the Giuseppe and Caesar. I was not expecting the garden vegetable in the former salad to be pickled, but I loved it. Our server thoughtfully brought the salami out in a dish on the side. 

For pasta, we got the bolognese with mafaldine pasta. I love this shape and the sauce was nice and hearty. The best one for crusty bread dipping. Then we got the gnocchi (vegetarian as-is) and orechiette with sausage on the side. Finally, we got the veal cheek saltimbocca. While the flavors were good and the meat was tender, the veal was a little on the dry side. 

Originally, we thought about doing the $45 tasting menu. But with a vegetarian, we weren't able to separate a different menu for him. Needless to say, with the options we did pick, we were all stuffed. That's why we skipped on dessert, but next time I'll definitely be getting a Termini cannoli. 

With two carafes of the house wine and very full stomachs, we were shocked that the bill came out to less than $50 per person with tip and tax included. That was really the icing on the cake for a wonderful family dinner! It definitely makes me excited to return.
First off we sat for 15 mins before anyone offered water. Finally after flagging down a server, and requesting drinks multiple people came over to get our order wrong and be almost overly attentive in an attempt to make up for poor service.  

Food was pretty bad. Had been hoping it'd be good, at least to make up for bad start. Meatballs overall salty. Lobster fra diavolo was a hot mush mess. 

Not worth a 2nd chance. Would give 0 if I could.
I came here for restaurant week for the first time. The restaurant week menu was similar to their regular chefs tasting menu that they offer. From reading the reviews I realized this tasting was family style dining so instead of each person getting all of the selections, the table chooses the dishes together and the portions are adjusted based on number in your party. I was concerned being a vegetarian with a meat eating dining companion but they were helpful with making it work for our dinner. 

The restaurant is large, fairly noisy, and crowded when I was there on a Friday night. The bar was busy also. To be honest I prefer more intimate places in the city but that being said I felt we had enough privacy at our table. Wonder if it would be better to dine during the week. When you go down the stairs to enter the restaurant the bar is immediately in the doorway. And it was confusing trying to talk to the hostess as well as people standing waiting to be seated while others were hanging out at the bar. If you are looking for more of a night out at the bar versus dinner, this place was hopping while I was there. 

Our server was friendly and personable. The food was decent with some dishes shining more than others. There is a fairly large menu with lots of mostly traditional Italian options. For desert they served cannoli and I'm not really a cannoli person but the one there was very good. They also sell them upstairs at the counter for take out. One thing that was kind of strange was they didn't want to sell me a dessert from their menu to go. I wanted to take dessert home for a family member. I was told I could purchase something from upstairs however the desserts offered on the menu downstairs were not available upstairs.
I have been looking forward to trying Giuseppe and Sons for a year now.  I would agree with the avg. score rating of 3.5 stars.  It was solidly good on all fronts.  Ambience, Food, Service, acceptable noise level.  But came up short on the food front.

We had:
- Burrata: served a bit too cold, and was not very flavorful
- Caesar salad: this was the best Caesar I've ever had. So 5 stars alone.
- Octopus grilled: probably the best grilled octopus I've eaten as well!
- Crab pasta: definitely a bit too sweet.  Some may like this.  We did not.
- Sweet breads: ok, not an aficionado of sweet breads, so full disclosure on that front. We were eating off the restaurant week menu, which gave us the opportunity to delve beyond our comfort zone.  Which is why those deals are so good for all.  I've only ever had sweetbreads prepared French fashion which were more crispy.  So, kind of a meh on the sweetbreads, but glad we tried them.
- Sauteed broccoli rabe with garlic.  Very good garlic and olive oil flavor but wayyyyy too salty.  Could happen to anyone and is easily fixed by the kitchen.

Service was stellar.  Definitely up to NYC and San Francisco waitstaff standards.  The 'don't call him the Sommelier' considered our multiple culinary choices and offered a nice northern Italian wine to pair with our full menu choices.  We gave him a ceiling of $90, and he came in at $85. 
 It was a bit sweet, but definitely opened up throughout the course of the meal.  

I guess my biggest beef is their use of bathroom attendants and the expectation that I will tip them. I have always found this to be pretentious at a minimum and definitely off putting.  I'm embarrassed for some guy hanging out in the bathroom peddling unneeded stuff such as mouthwash, mints, etc. and turning the water on, and handing me a towel, etc.  I'll accept the argument that if that is his choice on how to make a living so be it, and leave it at that.  But wanted to log my impressions for management.

I would definitely go back.  The bar scene is lively even if the martini's are shy of a 2 oz pour.
Waiting to be seated took 20 min after checking in. No apologies given. Also taking wrong order by the waitress brought the restaurant manager and gave us the question  "what do you want from us?"   What is this? Is this a proper reaction to the customer when they took the wrong order and gave the wrong bill? The food was not impressive. The interior was good and we wanted to explore 2 month old newly open restaurant but we don't want to come again.
Their new Apertivo is pretty cool. It's essentially an extended HH from 3pm until close. They have snacks and a pretty wide range of drinks on special. The menu is served at the upstairs area and they do serve you at your table. Tables are first come first serve. 
I took a peek downstairs which has tables for traditional sit down dining as well as a glamorous bar that sits about ~25 people. It had a speak easy with luxury vibe to it.
Think old-school speakeasy with Italian flare. At first glance, Giuseppe & Sons seems like a standard deli, but with a bar. However, you must trek downstairs for the full experience. 

My friend and I sat at the bar, which is the first thing you see once you enter the downstairs area. Don't be fooled - the space goes on for what seems like miles. There is plenty of seating, but people were still waiting for tables. The cocktail list is classic and the food is the typical things you'd expect at an Italian place. I had the chicken piccata and it was very tasty. 

The place is rather dark and many people had to shine their phone flashlights in order to read the menu. Perhaps a bit more light wouldn't hurt anyone. I'd come back for a date night with my other half for sure.
I've had better Italian food at a pizza shop. Everything was lukewarm and salty I assume to make up for lack of flavor. No reception in restaurant even with their WiFi so not an ideal spot for anyone with kids at home. Very conservative wine pours as well. Another Philly "hot spot" that will be lucky to make it to their year anniversary.
I wanted to love this place. The ambiance was spectacular, an old fashioned supper club with all the modern posh touches of a Michelin star restaurant.  The menu encompassing all the southern Italian classics you hope for. It was our 1st time here so we ordered a bunch of the classics for the evaluation. Most things we tried were good but I'll state the few issues we did have. 1st and foremost, the red sauce, which needs to be the foundation of any good Italian supper club, was below average at best. Far too sweet with a medicine type of taste, very disappointing. Gnocchi was as dense as lead pellets and both the veal/chicken parm was beaten so flat as to not be existent. I'm all in favor of pounding the cutlets down but in this case they went too far which was then compounded by being slightly under, resulting in a soft and rubbery crust instead of a beautiful crisp. Again disappointing. I'm from NY and admittedly a bit of an Italian food/pizza snob. Have a few spots in philly that are serviceable and was really hoping for a place to stand apart from the pack taking the lead.  Unfortunately it will not be this place.  Also as a side note, our server was a little bit car dealership salesman pushy which is never a great time.  That's all folks, tighten up on that gravy Michael schulson
Came here for restaurant week and had a great experience!! 

The place is so swanky and has a wonderful 50s, underground club vibe going on. You come in on the top floor which is the luncheonette and then you head down stairs, through a long hallway, to the bar and dining room. They have a coat check if you are interested in that. 

We did the restaurant week menu for 4 people which was 2 sides, 1 salad, 1 side, 1 second course and 1 entree. We had shrimp scampi, eggplant Parmesan and Caesar salad for our first courses. They serve it family style and the items came out as the kitchen was done cooking them. For our main courses and side we had linguine and clams, broccoli rabe and swordfish. And of course the meal ended with the famous Terminis cannoli! 

The food was all great and so was the appetizer. The only downfall was our waitress. Although she was very nice and offered food recommendations for us- it took her forever to come to the table after we were seated. I kept trying to wave her down to grab her attention as we really wanted just some water for the table but we made eye contact and she looked away, several times.
Starting off, I was very excited to try Guiseppe & Sons, until I did.  The dining area and ambiance is very nice.  The service was eh, I would expect better for the cost of the meal.  However, there might be some growing pains.    

My biggest problem with Guiseppe & Sons is the concept itself.  Walking into G&S I was excited about Schulson and Termini Bros teaming up together.  My table ordered the tasting menu.  This being an Italian restaurant that is trying to elevate South Philly Italian food I expected the portions to be similar to other South Philly institutions.  I was sadly mistaken.  Not that I expect a pound of pasta per person, but my entire table left hungry.  This is clearly missing the point of a TRUE Italian experience.  For example, I'm still waiting for the other half of my cannoli for dessert.  Our table actually laughed when the cannoli was brought out.  Of course the quality of the food was OK, but just OK.  There are at least 5 restaurants in South Philly that have better Italian food than G & S.  

I would not recommend Guiseppe & Sons to someone who was looking for a "good" Italian restaurant in Philly, let alone a great Italian restaurant.  After experiencing the concept, it feels pretentious.  Somewhere traveling up Broad St. from South Philly the true experience of an Italian meal was lost.  My recommendation is stick to South Philly and the old Italian institutions, they have been around for this long for a reason.
For lunch, you can't beat it.  Excellently priced sandwiches, pizza, salads, etc.  I've had several sandwiches, but my go to right now is the eggplant parm sandwich add long hots. So crispy and flavorful. Bread is delicious. Long hots add a little spice for my liking.  Sandwiches are large, and could easily be split, or half saved for the following day. I, however, can't help but to eat it all. That's how good it is. For dinner, I didn't love it, except for the chicken parm, which like the eggplant parm, is excellent. So thin and crispy and perfectly tender. For an Italian dinner, I'd rather spend my money at an Italian byob in south philly for less than 1/2 the price. But for lunch, I'm there once a week.
My family chose Giuseppe & Sons for my surprise birthday dinner. They were told it was the hottest new spot and it took them a long time to get a reservation. When we walked in, we had a drink at the bar before heading downstairs to dinner. The bartender was very genuine & funny.
      Upon walking into the dining area, the ambiance and decor is amazing. You can't take that away from them. 
     Our server, Jess, was very helpful in answering any questions we had. When she came with our drinks, she tripped. I got soaked. There was glass everywhere. The staff was attentive in cleaning up the mess.  As Jess turned to go in the back, she fell! Getting up quickly, she assured us she was okay and kept apologizing. We felt so bad for her knowing how embarrassed she must have felt. It was an accident. We made light of the awkward situation and the rest of the evening went well with Jess. She has a great sense of humor.
      Now, it took 20 minutes for a manager to come up to us to apologize. He told us to save room as dessert was on him. My husband made the manager assure him Jess was not to be reprimanded because of the accident.
     On to the meal. Jess did explain that food comes out as it's prepared. I agree with other reviewers. Everything came out at once! We ordered 7 appetizers and the scungilli salad. The table was packed. We tried to pass around some of the plates quickly so we could make room on the table. For as many people working there, the waitstaff could have moved a little more quickly in clearing dishes and glasses.
     The food was unimpressive. It was good, but not great. Nothing to brag about. There are so many other fabulous Italian restaurants in the city. The food highlights were the clams, grilled octopus, and the desserts.
     After dinner, we ordered 6 double espresso martinis. As they were being served by another waiter, the last martini was spilled all over my husband's shirt! He did apologize and offered club soda to put on the stain. No one else came over to check on him.
     Despite everything, we made sure we had a good time. But, all of us agreed...we won't be going back.
My fiance and I had dinner here last week with his parents, and all four of us enjoyed the experience. We opted for the chef's tasting menu, which is sized for the number of guests in your party and certainly worth the investment so long as you are hungry. We were not disappointed by any dish, but the real standouts were the meatballs (appetizer) and fish entree (I think it was halibut...?). 

It feels very much like an Italian version of its sister next door, Harp & Crown. As other reviews mention, the dim lighting can make it difficult to see the small font on the menu. The music was a bit strange; at certain points, it almost bordered on some sort of techno, but fortunately it was playing softly enough that no one seemed to really notice. 

The service was outstanding. The arrival of each of our many courses was timed perfectly, and the staff did an excellent job clearing our dishes as we worked our way through the meal so that we always had enough space on the table. 

In a city overcrowded with new Italian restaurants, I don't know that I'll go out of my way to come again anytime soon -- but, at the same time, I'd certainly recommend it to someone who's never been before.
I have some mixed feelings here. I thought the restaurant, decor, and ambience exceeded my expectations, but the food fell short.  

I liked the speakeasy feel, walking down the stairs to the actual restaurant, and was surprised it was extremely noisy.  I also really liked that the restaurant had a crowded feel, but you weren't on top of the table next to you. 

As far as the food my party opted for the  chefs tasting menu.  The waiter and staff couldn't have been friendlier, but I thought the appetizers and food came out a little too fast. Especially the two appetizers and salads coming out at about the same time.   After that the entrees were staggered a bit which were nice. 

For appetizers we had the meatballs and the arancini balls. Meat balls were very tasty but could have used a dollop of ricotta and should have been a little hotter. Arrancini balls I thought were perfect. 

 For the salad we had the Caesar. The dressing was good and the shaved cheese on top was fresh snd excellent. 

For the entrees we ordered the seabass and  chicken parm.  The seabass was a little oily for me but was fine.  I liked the chicken parm. I thought the cutlet was very good, breading and sauce to cheese ratio met my standards, but I wasn't blown away. 

For the pasta We the had the gnocchi pomodoro.  This didn't do it for me. Thought it was pretty average. 

For our side we had the broccoli rabe which was good. 

The restaurant was also more reasonably priced then I thought it would. The chefs tasting was 45 per person and most entrees were under 30. 

Would definitely come back here, but really expected to be blown away by the food and I wasn't.
I was in Philly for the weekend and went here on a whim on Saturday night.  I would say it is Ok or perhaps Ok+

The restaurant is certainly beautiful.  Interesting upstairs bar, strange/cool tunnel-like entrance, great seating and style.  The service was very nice and friendly.  On some level, a real cool experience.  The music was pleasant and not too loud.

The worst part was that it was so dark that you could not really see your menu or food.  

I found the food a little lacking.  I got the artichokes (great) and the chicken marsala (different).  The chicken was basically skillet fried (nice) with a somewhat strange vinegary sauce with pickled mini-mushrooms.  It was not bad just not at all what I expected.  My friend got the clams (terrible - she sent it back) and the gnocchi which was good except for the too-sweet marinara sauce.  We got the house white wine which was not really good or bad.  The waiter could tell we were not satisfied and tried to comp us a dessert that we refused.

I would probably would not recommend it or return but it was really busy and so I guess other people like it.  I think they were trying to balance between traditional and new Italian and it just did not really work for me.
I went to Giuseppe for the first time for dinner during restaurant week. FYI it's located right next to Harp and Crown if you have trouble finding it. I was pleasantly surprised by the food there but had some really great tips about what to order. The one annoying thing about restaurant week there is that everything is family style. So our group of four had to pick the same dishes to share for dinner and they portion it out by the number of people you have. We had a better time picking the same dishes because my co-worker warned me that they do the Italian comfort foods much better than anything fancy. I was leaning towards ordering the octopus and the crab pasta initially, but my co-worker warned against those specific dishes. So I think we ordered a lot better. 

I highly recommend the meatballs, the gnnochi and the chicken parm. They're all really classic and good Italian dishes. The best dish was really dessert, which was cannolis (the only option) but still great. I was just sad that they only give you one half of a cannoli! So overall, I would only go back for their classic Italian dishes.
I have mixed feelings about G&S. If I could give 3.5 stars, I would. The food (although good) didn't quite match the price point, the service was sub-par until the GM stopped by, and there was a terrible draft throughout one third of the restaurant. 

The Shrimp Scampi appetizer was probably my favorite dish- that chili infused oil sauce was awesome- I was dipping my bread in it. Just the right amount of tangy-spicy kick.  The pasta dishes were alright, and the Branzino was tiny.

Service-wise, we waited 40 minutes before our waitress to bring us bread. She was also a little weird about putting in an appetizer order until our 4th party member joined us (he was struggling to find parking)- so we had to wait for him on that.  We were seated right next the waiter station, yet the staff often forgot to bring us things we asked for (water, tea, and another helping of bread).  The GM asked how things were and quickly took care of the 3 things mentioned above ... but before he arrived we were waiting for at least 20 minutes on each item. He was very helpful, but we wish things were more consistent from the start.
I have gone to Giuseppe & Sons twice now - once during restaurant week for dinner and once for happy hour. I must say, I am a fan of the happy hour here but not crazy about the dinner.

For happy hour, you get to stay up top in the luncheonette  (main restaurant is down the stairs) and choose from a variety of yummy "small" bites from the window display. I say "small" because thats what is implied but I think some of the items are quite large. There are a lot of options and everything ranges from $1-$4 or $5. While somethings in the happy hour special aren't the best (probably bc they have been sitting in the window display) for like $2 they are still worth it. For example, I got a piece of square mozzarella pizza and the sauce was a bit dry. However, my other items were top notch. There are also happy hour specials with $5 drinks like a cocktail special, Negroni, and wine specials. You can stay at the bar area and order directly or opt for table service. Overall, the happy hour here is pretty awesome and I've added it into my happy hour rotation.

For dinner, its set up like Harp & Crown (which makes sense since they are run by the same corporation) in which its primarily smaller plates to share let me just say, I will get Harp & Crown for dinner every time over Giuseppe & Sons. For example, the first thing we ordered were the artichoke hearts and were hard to eat since they were burnt to the the bottom of the pan (which also did not taste great). Other other app, clams, was just ok. Nothing special or memorable. Weirdly, the house salad we got was delicious and probably one of the better parts of the meal - excellent dressing. We ordered the boar bolognese and I was really disappointed by the flavor. Same with the brasciole side. Both seemed so bland to me and I was honestly shocked because I had heard such great things about this place. The one item on the menu I loved was the cheeks saltimbocca. Unfortunately the portion for this item is extremely small so I had to savor the small bites.

At the end of the day, I will come back to Giuseppe & Sons, but only for happy hour - I would only recommend this place for happy hour and not for dinner.
Beautiful, large space. Has so much potential because of it. However food is mediocre. 

Of all the plates I've tried the meatballs are the only one I would reorder. I heard they were known for their chicken parmigiana- sadly it was nothing special (I gave it two chances) and the tomato sauce in general (also on the gnocchi) is bland. Banana cream pie and cannolis are good.

I haven't been for lunch but will give that a try. 

I will say that this is a place that I want to take Philly visitors to just for the aesthetics/vibe. Fact that food is NOT overpriced, somewhat excuses the lack of memorable flavors.
Came here excited to try some new Italian. Philly has a great Italian food scene, so I had high hopes for this place. 

Environment - From the moment you walk in, the sheer size of the place is amazing. It is unassuming from outside, but once you take the stairs down, it's like you're in another world. Almost got the feeling of a classy 20th century speakeasy. Dimly lit, booths, pictures on the walls.

Service - Every one was incredibly nice, people tended to our table regularly, and gave fantastic suggestions.

Food - The menu consists of small plates, salads, some pastas, and then some protein dishes that can prepared a variety of ways. For two people, we split a half caraffe of the house red wine, an octopus and fennel starter plate, the giuseppe salad (an acidic salad with pickled veggies), chicken parm, and wild boar pasta. 

Tasting notes - The octopus was underwhelming, lacking in complexity, flat and missing a punch of acidity. The fennel was underwhelming, and overpowered by the starchiness of the cannelli beans. The salad was delicious - acidic, unique, and filling. The pasta was devine - the pasta itself was cooked perfectly, held on to the sauce well, flavors well-balanced, and not heavy despite it being boar and tomato based. Chicken parm was good, but nothing special - just your average chicken parm.

Value - this is where this restaurant takes the biggest hit. For what I paid, I felt the food could have either been more in quantity, better in flavor profile, or both.

Overall - solid spot. Enjoyed the dinner overall. Wouldn't recommend it over some of the other Philadelphia staples, however.
TLDR: If you want food inspired by South Philly Italian, you should just go to South Philly. 

Went here for a date night with my girlfriend. I was really excited to try it out, as I'm a huge fan of other Schulson restaurants. The food and drinks are inspired by South Philly Italian, and they went as far as to name cocktails after South Philly locations.

We had reservations for dinner and we were seated in a corner sandwiched between two couples. It was close quarters, but not too bad. However, the seating itself was uncomfortable. The booth side seating was really low while the arm chair i sat in was too high. The food was mediocre at best. The ambiance was great, unsurprisingly. It had a speakeasy vibe, but it wasn't enough to entice us to go back. I'm glad we tried it but I was unimpressed.
OK, where to start. How about the terrible Caesar salad that was really small and 80% croutons and 20% romaine lettuce. Then the meatballs... This should be an easy slam dunk for an Italian restaurant... nope. Lumpy average tasting meatballs and sauce that was super salty. Then the chicken parmigiana... My go to for how good an Italian restaurant is and how good its food will be. Probably one of the worst I have had; perhaps one step above Olive Garden. It was pounded to about 1/8 inch thick, super greasy, almost no sauce, and more greasy cheese on top; just bad. The service was good and the atmosphere and vibe were cool, but not good enough to make up for all the bad food. For that kind of money, there are SO many better Italian restaurants in Philadelphia... Dante and Luigi's is one of the best in the city. G&S definitely has a lot to work on regarding the food here. Was excited to dine here, but very disappointed.
FINALLY I was able to come here with my boyfriend for dinner! I had a gift card to use for any of the Schulson restaurants and this is the only one I hadn't been to yet (I'm a huge fan of H&C, Sampan, and Double Knot). I decided to get the best bang for my buck and go for restaurant week last night....

The upstairs is a really cool happy hour vibe with nice bar and some small tables.. I had NO idea that the downstairs even existed. We walked down and were blown away at the size of the dining area.. its huge down there! Veryyy nicely decorated and nice spaced out tables. We were seated and greeted by an extremely friendly, energetic waitress (I wish I remembered her name). She explained the RW menu to us and gave us some recommendations on her fave dishes.

They give you a delicious bread basket along with green olives and hard parmesean cheese to start. We opted to have the clams in white and shrimp scampi as our appetizers. I think the shrimp scampi was the best thing we had all night, seriously.

For pastas we had the ricotta tortelloni (AMAZING) and the rigatoni in vodka sauce (also super good). For our main we had the veal marsala and broccoli rabe (both cooked perfectly). I'm serious when I say every bite was delicious. They gave us each a complimentary tiramisu for dessert. Best part: $35 a person!!!! Definitely recommend coming here for restaurant week... we left sooooo full. With my gift card it was seriously a steal of a dinner.

COME HERE if you want a nice upscale dining experience. I honestly feel like it was an experience. Only con was service was a bit on the slow side, but that's to be expected for RW. The service when we recieved it though was top notch. Awesome wait staff and management. Can't wait to bring my parents here next time they come into town. I will probably return for some cocktails soon... awesome bar area on both floors.
Delicious dinner.
A few negatives: Very dim lighting. I'm young and even I struggled to see the menu. For those with kids, they do not have high chairs here. We had our own clip on high chair which they can accommodate. For those driving, parking is very difficult and the garage around the corner is very expensive ($28 for up to 90 min, $35 once you pass 90 min.)
Positives:
Service was excellent. Waiter really knew the menu and was very attentive.
Drinks were really good. I had the girard estates, which was very tasty. 
Food was very good.
The table bread was just okay. No salt or pepper for the olive oil. 
Burrata good. I've had better, but the serving size was decent.
The wild boar Bolognese was fantastic. Wow. Get this. I loved the pasta that really held onto the sauce. That pasta dish was nearly perfect!
The crab and spaghetti was delicious. I liked that most of the work is done for you with the crab meat mixed in. Very nice blue crab taste throughout. Great sauce.
I love the decor and music in here. Has a great Sinatra feel.
Would definitely return for more. May even try the lunch upstairs.
The sea bass was perfectly cooked and well seasoned. Could have come with more of sides, but the fish itself was excellent.
Great entrees.
So our 2nd night in Philly someone recommended this place to my wife so she decided to make reservations for our group.  I was a little thrown off by the Yelp rating at first but decided to go here anyway. When you first walk-in the top floor looks kind if like an old school diner that only has a counter with stools. The real restaurant is downstairs and through a small hallway were you are immediately greeted by the long bar. This place has dim lit intimate vibes. Great for a first date. Kinda looks like a place you might see in an old mob movie. Classy but old school. We sat at the bar while we waited for our table. The old fashioned was A+. The restaurant was slightly busy which is always a good sign.  Our server Bora and the Manager Nate took great care of us no matter what small request we had (extra bread, extra sauce,etc ) the menu is not extensive nor will you find lot of your favorite classics but then again I don't much about Philly Italian. They Did however have the Lasagna Verdi. Which i was curious about what made it Verdi or green!?!!! They use spinach in the pasta  so i got my serving of veggies. It was a good nice sized portion. Very flavorful classic lasagna. The bread was also great and so was the side of Marinara we got. The Yelp review definitely doesnt match my experience here and I would gladly come here again to try something else.
Came here for drinks and light dinner at the downstairs bar on a Friday night. Quite pleased with the experience and looking forward to returning perhaps for happy hour, brunch (if they offer) or a sit down dinner at one of the tables. Food was okay - breads were pretty stale and some other things we ordered lacked flavor, but I am an extremist when it comes to that. Prices for cocktails are decent if you're willing to spend, food was quite reasonable for the portion. Decor and ambiance is beautiful and calming.
Went for dinner on Friday night.  The place is beautiful inside unfortunately the food is average at best.  Our pasta was undercooked and the Fish dish was over cooked.  To much salt on most of the food, was more like diner food not classic Italian.  There are a number of better options in the city for Italian food.
Came here for happy hour on a Friday. Came here with a group of friends. Good happy hour drinks. Got a few appetizers, most were pretty good. I recommend these appetizers: meatballs, pies, beef skewers, and squash fries. 
We were downstairs and there's a lot to seating down there. Elevator accessible. Good happy hour prices. Good services. 
Will definitely be back.
I heard great things about this Giuseppe & Sons and went to check out the luncheonette. It was SUCH fast service I was amazed. I had the chicken parm sandwich and my friend had the italian which he said was really good. The chicken parm sandwich was the perfect portion - not as big as the italian but the chicken took up the whole bun and the sauce and cheese were perfect. 

My only complaint would be I wish something came with the sandwiches - a bag of chips or a small side salad or something. 

I can't wait to check it out for dinner.
The food and atmosphere were awesome. We had a table towards the back (downstairs) so we were fine, but it was definitely much louder the closer you got to the bar.

My husband and I went for Restaurant Week and everything we got was amazing (mozzarella, arancini, house salad, gnocchi, broccoli rabe, and veal saltimbocca). The service was okay - a little too attentive maybe? I felt like one waiter tended to hover when dropping food off. The number of times (and different people!) who continued to ask if we were okay was a bit much. I'll chalk that up to it being a newer restaurant. 

All said, we'll definitely go back and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for great Italian food in Philly.
I love this place - upstairs looks like a normal run of the mill Italian diner. Happy hour drink special is excellent and apps and sandwiches are also quality. When you're upstairs you have no indication of the awesomeness what awaits downstairs. 
When you're taken downstairs to the massive dining room you immediately feel like you're transported to another time and place - ambiance is amazing and the attention to details is impressive. 
The food is solid - it's nothing to write home about but it's definitely good Italian food. 
I'll definitely be coming back and bringing company.
I actually ate dinner already but joined my colleagues for a dinner here at Giuseppe and sons. Even though I already ate dinner I couldn't help myself and ate so much while I was there. It is family style so you can taste a bit of everything. I wasn't in charge of ordering but I'm so glad that I came and had room in my stomach to eat even more because the food was delicious and atmosphere was wonderful. There is an upstairs bar which is very big but once you go downstairs for the restaurant you first enter a hallway that is filled with all these picture frames and then it opens up to this ginormous bar in the seating area and it felt really cool and almost like a speakeasy.

Some memorable dishes include: mozzarella, rigatoni alla vodka, cioppino: mussels/clams/scallops. We ordered a lot more but as I said, I ate already and couldn't eat everything that was ordered. I will definitely be back (with an empty stomach) so I can eat everything on this menu!!

Edit: upstairs serves the luncheonette menu only!
I don't often feel motivated to review restaurants, but I will in cases when the meal is truly memorable for good reasons, rarely for bad reasons.  In this case, this restaurant was memorable for all the wrong reasons.  I will say that the space is incredibly well done.  It's one of the best looking restaurants I've seen in Philadelphia and this is not surprising coming from this restaurant group.  My only issue with the design is it's almost too quiet.  Despite being a packed night you could barely feel this because you feel like you're being hidden from seeing the entire dining room and sound just does not carry.  Usually my issue is when restaurants are too loud so this is a bit odd. 

I found everything else about this restaurant to be uninspired.  I can't remember the last time I went to a restaurant in Philly and being disinterested by the menu alone.  I get that this is supposed to be a classic Italian restaurant but still the menu is a bit...boring.  This wouldn't be the end of the world if the food was well executed and, unfortunately, this is far from being the case.  The complementary meatballs were a nice touch but were fairly bland (and not the right dish to send out when the other person with you said she can't eat meat).   Their stuffed artichoke dish is the first artichoke dish I've had a restaurant that I truly disliked.  The flavor was just off.  The pasta, in general, was just decent and nothing to write home about.  Their red sauce is just lacking in flavor for me.  The service, in general, seemed well-intentioned but basically every course we ordered was thrown at us at once.  

Overall, this is a beautiful restaurant that feels as though most of the thought went into the decor and not the food.
Ah, I so wanted to love this restaurant! I love all of Schulson's other restaurants in Philly so this experience was disappointing. My husband and I love food and try new restaurants weekly, so this review may be a little too harsh but it's my honest feedback: our server was so sweet and he was great. The mozzarella appetizer was delicious. The flavor of the orchiette with sausage was also delicious, however the pasta tasted boxed and it was overcooked. We had the flounder which tasted basic. And the chicken marsala lacked flavor and had a weird aftertaste. We were never brought or offered bread, even though the two tables beside us each had bread. They forgot my husband's drink so that took about 15 minutes to receive after ordering. Part of my family is from Italy and we've been 3 times - there's nothing at G&S that screams authentic Italian and there was nothing we had that would be worth going back for, especially with the plethora of Italian restaurants in Philly.
LOVE LOVE LOVE. For this to be a new restaurant it runs like a well oiled machine (but not like a machine at all). Every staff member was attentive but not overwhelmingly so. The ambiance is unmatched. This place is definitely perfect for a date night or special occasion. The food. *long dramatic sigh* WOWOWOW! Everything was delicious. The shrimp scampi I'm still dreaming about and the swordfish was amazinggggg. I should have known the cannoli was going to be good when they brought it out on Nonna's good plates. Love this place and the thought they put into every single detail. I will be back!
Having read the mixed reviews but also being curious to find a quick hit Italian place within walking distance of my office, I decided to give it a try after the Phillies Home Opener and no bar spots at Oyster House. We (4 of us)were quickly seated upstairs and given menus and then ignored for a while. The restaurant was only modestly busy, and so the wait was unexpected.  Once our waitress took our orders she told us that our food would come out as prepared.  Okay, I get that.  But what followed was just unorganized and lacking sense.  After waiting a good 10 minutes for our carafe of white wine to come out.  We immediately sent it back.  It was room temperature.  We were thirsty and water was slow coming.  They took it back for "chilling".  Immediately there after my two friends got their pasta dishes and salads. We said dig in while it's hot.  Good thing we did, because me and my other dining partner didn't get any food for at least 15 minutes.  First my slice of pizza, which was the last dried out corner piece of margherita showed up. Heated to a crisp. My friends loved their spaghetti and clams and penne ala vodka and so did I, because I was still waiting for my simple house salad and #4 was waiting for an assortment of the apertivos included the delicious roasted peppers and long hots.  He asked for bread and butter.  He was getting really hungry.  I offered him my dried out slice of pizza, but he declined. Eventually, right about when the ladies were done their pasta, a good 15 minutes after my pizza puck arrived his non-cooked ( except for the grilled asparagus arrived) and my house salad. We may as well have sat at a separate table.  Our waitress seemed a bit engaged but not really concerned and when asked about that bread to go with the very tasty peppers that rank up there with my Italian grandmother's, she said it's taking long because we have to go downstairs to get it.  In the 30 minutes since we requested it, I could've walked to Sarcones and back for bread (except they are closed at 7:45 pm).  The manager seemed busy, talking to the open kitchen while those of us in the room just hoped for water refills and maybe getting the room temperature wine back in our possession. Eventually our eye rolls, waiving and asking for butter (downstairs again) and general annoyed body postures were observed.  Listen, I don't butter my Italian bread either, but he was not asking for ketchup for his pasta, so just bring it, please don't make us ask 5 times.  As the restaurant nearly emptied (it was never that busy) we were offered up desert menus.  We all declined because, well three of us were hoping to get out of there to catch a train in the next 45 minutes, based on the pacing thus far, that was questionable.  I think at some point the server maybe figured out that we were all pissed and annoyed and didn't enjoy the experience, even though the food was great, except for my pizza disaster, so she and her manager brought over two complimentary cannolis and thanked us for joining them and hoped we would return.  Was that cannoli delicious, just divine, second only to Isgro's. Do I enjoy eating my salad after dinner, actually yes, it's how my Italian family eats it, and the red wine vinaigrette was just like Grandmas.  But, with so many choices in this city for great, not expensive Italian food, served with a side of "hon", and love, chilled red wine served in a short water glass, and a nice little loaf of bread that is there to sop up the deliciousness, I can't see why going here will hit your happy spot. I know the background story, but I expect far better execution from a Schulson restaurant to deliver food that was mostly on target, except for that pizza.  A final note, in Center City it's important for diners to have a safe experience and to not have to be asked for money by a homeless person while dining inside an establishment.  The manager, while busy having his back turned to the room didn't  observe the man going table to table for more than five minutes   I have never experienced this inside a restaurant in the City in 30 years of living here. Attentive front of the house staff including bar staff would've addressed this immediately.
Came here for restaurant week. I couldn't believe that they've been open for only six weeks. The ambiance is very prohibition era with mood lighting which I really liked. 

Got the restaurant week menu which included 6 courses; two appetizers, a side, pasta, salad, entree, and desert all of which are shareable. The food wasn't the best Italian in town but still gave them four stars because of great service.
Giuseppe & Sons is a great place for happy hour!! Everyday, you read that correctly, EVERYDAY from 4pm-7pm, they offer happy hour upstairs (where you arrive) and downstairs! Seating upstairs and at the bar downstairs is on a first come, first serve basis, so get there as close to 5pm as you can if you want to enjoy a delicious happy hour!

I've been to Giuseppe & Sons a couple of times and it has been delicious. The friends I brought also enjoyed our time there. You can enjoy a cocktail for $5 and light bites range from $2-$4. The portions are smaller so you will be able to try multiple items! 

I dined at the downstairs bar both visits. The first time I dined with 3 friends and we had an amazing bartender who waited on us. He was friendly, engaging and checked on us a few times during dinner. We wish we knew his name! The last time I dined, our server/bartender was not as engaging and actually seemed annoyed we sat at the bar. He handed us the menus, took our drink orders and made our drinks and not a single smile. We ordered our food and as they were coming out, two people sat next to us. Our bartender was much more friendlier (which even included smiling) and engaging to them. We felt so awkward and out of place. Were we not allowed to sit there? The seats were wide open and he didn't say anything. While we ate, two children joined the two people next to us and he made them a specialty mock tail. He was so kind and friendly to them. He suddenly disappeared in the middle of our meal. A very nice female bartender approached us and asked if we wanted another cocktail. After she made them and handed them to us, we chatted for a bit and it was refreshing to receive good service, and this was just a small chat!

The food, atmosphere and happy hour is great at Giuseppe & Sons but the service is hit or miss. Next time I go and dine at the downstairs bar, I'll be sure to scan it first before choosing a seat to receive mediocre service from that specific bartender.
decided to give this place another chance(even though my dinner experience was 3/5) for lunch! i heard they had sandwiches and pizzas so came with my co workers to try it out

the pizza was weird... 
the margherita was way too thin, the pizza was collapsing on itself and there was barely any seasoning. 
the mushroom pizza i expected to be a creamy mushroom pizza with cheese instead was dough with a mushroom and arugula salad on top.
the 4 cheese pizza was the only one that was decent but the dough used on all of these pizzas was very grainey

the chicken parm sandwich was also weird...
not enough cheese, not enough flavor and the chicken was very chewy.

all in all, giuseppe's has yet to impress me. i'll be waiting
Upstairs bar was cool. Good service. Good prices.

Downstairs looked so fancy we were afraid to attend in our jeans & t-shirt ensembles. After receiving our meals, we realized we were overdressed. Should have dressed like raccoons to match our garbage meals. Also drink prices surged. Just wanted a good piece of chicken. Not here. 2 stars are for upstairs bar & for warm bread.
Wonderful spot with a chic downstairs dining room. The food is great and the prices are very reasonable. My favorite things from the menu are the chicken parm, Caesar salad, tomato pie and shrimp scampi. Would come back again! The service is great too
Alil disappointing to say the least. I asked for a basic cocktail, which was executed the complete opposite of what I asked for. The bartender were not personable at all they didn't greet me, or make me feel welcome. I was not offered food. No one even told me there names, the bartender spent most of his time on his phone. And I was the only person at the bar. Which made it worst. Terrible first experience more than likely will never come back.
Bit of a bummer, expected more from this successful restauranteur group. Food gets 4 stars, service gets 2 stars. Food: -Octopus presentation nice, but over salted. 
-Bread is exceptional, but took 15 minutes to get to table. 
-No salt/pepper for olive oil or anything else. 
-Red pie, pretty good. 
-Clams/linguini exceptional. 
-Sea Bass, exceptional. 
-Broccoli rabe, very good. 
-Chicken parm, above average, however was told to expect best ever...it wasn't.
 -Artichokes, very good. 

Service: -Wine spill from two glasses by our server. Spilled onto pants and table. Server wasn't even aware until we called her back...and she still didn't seem overly concerned...and still didn't clean up properly until she was told and shown where all the wine spilled. She obviously had no training in how to handle a situation like this. However she must have told management...10 minutes later the manager came over and couldn't apologize enough and served us a comped dish of good tasting fried cheese balls w/ red sauce. 
-Water not filled enough. 
-Went from bar to host stand to be seated at reserved table 10 minutes after reservation time - waited much longer than one minute host had said. Staff seemed confused and frustrated.
-Biggest service issue of the meal: 5 different times throughout meal staff reached in to take plates that were still being eaten from! One time a dude actually removed the plate until he was told we were still eating from it...so with his fingers firmly in place around the red sauce we were still sopping up with our bread he put it back. Really??...didn't expect this lack of basic training from this well regarded operator. It's not rocket science!...just basic hospitality 101...ask if folks are done with any plates, don't assume. It's really that simple. 
-Clams/luguini plopped down on table by seemingly disinterested young girl without a smile or verbal presentation like we received with other dishes. 
- Meal with 15% tip (almost always give 20 to 25%) was extremely expensive at over $260.00...especially for the crappy service.
I came here for dinner with a friend and it was delicious!

We ordered way too much food, but our server was amazing and boxed whatever we didn't finish up for us to take home as we moved on from course to course!

The bread at the table was incredible, still warm, and my favorite was a piece if tomato pie.  I had to stop eating the bread and olives because I didn't want to fill up before we even ordered!  You also get some delicious pieces of cheese when you sit down....I love cheese, so this really made me happy right away (its the little things, right?)!!

As I said, we ordered way too much food for 2 people, but we made sure to taste everything and take leftovers home.

Items are served family style, and are coursed out by the kitchen and your server.

We started out with the Shrimp Scampi, Artichoke Heart, and Table-side Mozzarella. 

Shrimp Scampi was delicious, the shrimp was slightly overcooked, but it was perfectly seasoned, so it being slightly overdone didn't matter, we finished this dish right away!

Artichoke hearts were great and super tender, we loved the flavors and sauce.

Table-side Mozzarella....this is by far my favorite thing!  they make it in front of you (table-side) and the whole process is super cool!  Then the Mozzarella is served with roasted pepper and preserved tomatoes!  THIS WAS AMAZING!  I could have eaten the entire order...or 3 of them....myself!  Make sure you order this if you can!

Next up we did a pasta course.  We shared the Crab & Spaghetti.  The pasta was perfectly cooked, the sauce was delicious and the crab was a perfect addition.  

We each ordered a main dish and tried a bit of each others...we had planned to share, but we were very full so could only manage a few bites of our main courses.

I had the Vitello (Veal) Bone-in Parmigiana.
Besides the Mozzarella, this was also my favorite dish of the night!  So yummy, and a very large portion.  I could not finish it die to all the other things I ate before this arrived, so I brought it home to my husband who also thoroughly enjoyed it!  The veal and the Mozzarella were absolutely the stars of this dish.

My friend ordered the Salmon Oreganata and that was also delicious.  perfectly cooked and super flavorful.

We also ordered a side of Broccoli Rabe, which was delicious and a perfect side for our meals!

Finally, since we were celebrating, we had to have dessert!  We shared the white chocolate budino, which was also fantastic.


While I loved the items we ordered, I am sure everything else on this menu is fantastic, I will certainly try more next time I come (but I will always make sure to get the table-side Mozzarella)!

Staff is extremely friendly and helpful, they enhanced our experience so it ended up being a great evening out!

A little pricey, but the food is delicious, so if you like this style of food, it is definitely worth it!

I highly suggest you come here and order that Mozzarella if you have a chance or are in the area!
Ambience and decor were very nice. The service we got was excellent. Food was up and down. It had the potential to be great all around, but half the dishes we tried had one thing that kept it from great. 

The lighting was just a little too low making it difficult to read the small print on the menu. 

What we had:
Antipasti salad-pretty good salad. What was added to the greens was well proportioned. 
Carpaccio was good except there was too much salt added so I kept getting big bites of salt which threw it off. 
Linguini with white clam sauce. I normally don't like this but my wife does. This was actually really good. 
Shrimp scampi was good but a tad over cooked and drowned in lemon. If they cut the lemon by 1/3, it would've been good. 
Tomato pie was good, but I would describe it as breadsticks smeared with a sweet tomato paste. In retrospect, I would've had this first instead of the bread they brought out before our meals. 
The veal cheek cacciatore was good and hearty. 
Snapper dish was excellent in preparation. The skin was dry and crispy. 
Their cannoli was really good too. I normally don't like them but the cream was flavorful with a heavier cream component and the cookie was nice and crunchy.
Tonight I had a terrible experience at Giuseppe & Sons. I went in to grab dinner with a colleague, and to my surprise, our wait time was horrible. I had eaten here several times prior. I told my colleague about Giuseppe & Sons and the cool experience I had. Tonight we were seated and our drinks came immediately. After that things went all down hill. We literally waited 48 minutes for our dinner. It is a Tuesday night and the restaurant was about 14% occupied. The waiter (who was very nice) apologies and said it was because they had a huge party. We waited another 11 minutes which then he brought out part of our dinner (I was still awaiting the chicken parmigiana). The manager then comes over who identifies himself as "Vince Cole" and says he's sorry, they had a huge party to service. His tone was condescending and is apology felt less than genuine. Finally the rest of my dinner arrives. At this point our experience was horrible and we just wanted to leave. I explained to my colleague how Michael Shulson restaurants typically are not this way. I had eaten recently at Alpen Rose and my experience was Amazing! Our check came and to our surprise we had a full bill. I figured at least we could square up by having it discounted given the experience we had. Our waiter said he felt bad and did not want to charge us a full amount given what happened. He grabbed his manager again. Vince Cole comes over and again, a cold apology and removes a dish from the bill. Please note, this was a half attempt only because our waiter vouched for us. We felt more could've been done to satisfy their lack of service & over cooked pasta. I have dined here on my birthday and it was a wonderful time. Tonight they just dropped the ball and the manager Vince Cole seemed unapologetic. Maybe it was just a bad night. Every other time was a good time, there were no issues. I understand things happen but hey, let's do the right thing. It's better to keep the client. Repeat business is great business! Hopefully no one experiences this.
Yummy Happy Hour food but the drinks were teeny tiny!

Happy hour tends to get very full so we were excited to sit in the large space upstairs. If you are sitting in a booth, you must go to the bar and get your drinks. The pizza and other small bites were delicious. But when the drinks were served, I thought there was a mistake. They were in a small juice glass similar to the ones you would drink your prune juice from because you didn't want to drink too much! I expected better. For the price, the drink was way overpriced and nothing "happy" about it.
I went here for happy hour. They have pretty good priced drinks and food. The food was absolutely terrible! I ordered the pasta with clams (unsure of the exact name) and it came with a strange cheese topping. It tasted like someone took really bad, stale cheeze itz and dumped it on top of the pasta. The flavor did not mix well with the clams at all. I wanted to like this place but I just don't see myself coming back.
The dining room in the basement is beautiful. The service wasn't bad. The drinks were quite good. The food, meh. I am a tough grader when it comes to quality of food, and this was very middle of the road. The Caesar salad was extremely bland, the clams were okay, and the chicken parmesan was very middle of the road. 

Side note, I came here for lunch the week they opened and ordered a chicken parmesan sandwich. It was outstanding. Amazingly put together and fresh looking, artisan style even. 2 weeks later I return and it was a slop of a mess. It was half put together with the cheese sliding off and looked nothing like what it did the first time I had it. 

May return again, I hope the lunch gets better! We were really hoping to be blown away by the food and experience.
I've been here numerous times for the happy hour, the prices are amazing considering the drinks aren't just a typical well drinks! The food is also always great and the servers are very friendly. I think this is a hot spot for happy hours because it's always very crowded which is fine but finding a table can be a little tough, I've had to eat and drink while standing before. They have a very cool ambiance with dim lighting, definitely worth going too!
Came here for restaurant week and was  disappointed by a few things. Let me start with the positives - the ambiance, decor, and presentation were amazing. 
The food was average- we ordered the Caesar salad, which was good. We also ordered the arancini, a bit too peppery and dense, but overall ok. The gnocchi was okay as well, the sauce being too tart. 
The eggplant parmigiana lacked flavor and the sauce was tart 
The Pinot noir we selected was amazing! 
Now to the one thing that was extremely disappointing... I am a vegetarian, and when I asked, I was told the eggplant was an option; however, I was not explained that the entire table would have to select that as their main course as well. I was told I could order it, but would be charged extra. As someone who dines out ALOT, this is the first time I have ever been told my ONE plate could not be accommodated in some way, and would be charged extra. 
It was an immediate turn off for not only me, but my company. When an entire kitchen is available, why can't my one dish me accommodated? And why does it cost more? A non meat dish at that. 
I've been to a number of Michelin Star restaurants who have catered to my dietary restriction, all while still allowing the table to stick with a prefix menu.  Granted this is not on that level, but our table ordered 500$ worth of food. For that price they should make an exception or consider being more accommodating. I would not suggest this place as I feel fine dining establishments with fresh food are much more accommodating for one single dish.
My wife and I dined here last night. Frankly, we were disappointed with the quality of the food. 
The setting was impressive: a large, well-appointed, cellar-like, dimly lit room. The booths and tables were comfortable and well separated. 
The bar scene was clearly the focal point of the place. It was overflowing with the usual millennial crowd. I would imagine that this activity will be G&S major draw. 
Our server was very pleasant and professional, though somewhat limited in her knowledge of alcohol brands. 
The problem was the food. The octopus was mediocre at best and skimpy given the abundance of accompanying beans. 
The veal parm was tough with a flimsy cover of cheese. 
The lobster fra diavolo was an insult. At $34, it was less a chicken lobster in size, and more like a chick! I've rarely seen such small half shells served with the thinnest morsels of meat. Additionally, the lobster was tasteless sitting on a bed of over sauced, clumpy pasta. 
We shared our disappointment with the server, who called over the manager. She, in turn, was very solicitous, apologized and offered us a credit towards our next visit. As we were departing, she caught up to us and gave us a small shopping bag with two cannoli. 
These were very thoughtful gestures.  Unfortunately, we will not return. G&S is a marvelous showplace for folks interested in a pleasant evening and the bar scene. Given it's size and kitchen, it is not a place for intimate or fine dining.  Instead try Zeppoli, Pinefish, Cadence, Will BYOB, Panorama, Little Fish, even Villa di Roma, among many other wonderful restaurants in the area.
Came here for happy hour and dinner.  We got here at 4 for the upstairs happy hour so we could enjoy some cocktails before dinner.  We decided to take advantage of the happy hour menu as well so we could dive right into dinner when the time came.

We got the meatballs, whipped ricotta, shrimp scampi and mama pinas sandwhich and a few rounds of grotto Azzuras and Palma Fizzes. The meatballs were huge, moist and surrounded by a delicious sauce.  The whipped ricotta was incredibly decadent. It was smooth, sweet, and served with crusty bread that was the perfect vehicle.  The shrimp scampi was cooked perfectly and I love the chilis that came with it.  Lastly, the panini sandwhich could have been a meal in itself as it was stuffed to the max with ingredients. 

Then we went onto dinner downstairs.  I love how you go down the stairs and through this long hallway into what feels like an underground club.  The decor was amazing and the dining room feels like it goes on forever.  The server was incredibly nice and described the menu in detail. 

We went for the chicken parmigiana and ricotta tortellini.  The chicken parm was huge taking up just about all of the plate.  It was pounded our nice and thin but still had a nice ratio of chicken to breading. The sauce was also incredibly good and I unapologetically used the bread that comes with the table to sop it all up.  The tortellini was also an experience in itself.  You could tell it was made with fresh pasta, and the ricotta tasted incredibly smooth and was complimented by the balsamic that was drizzled on top.

Overall it was an awesome experience.  I definately feel the happy hour upstairs is an excellent deal for the price and amount of food you get.  I would definately at least do the happy hour if you dont have time to sit for dinner or cant get a reservation.  It's still very well worth it and I'll definately be back.
Had lunch on the upper level. Thought the restaurant would be more like the old Shanks on 10th Street - crazy counter service, huge portions. It was a little to foofy - go the counter, they give you a number and the staff brings you this little sandwich on this huge tray. The chicken parm sandwich was good but for 8.50$.... and on a round roll?...  and the chicken milanese sandwich was very good. However very small portions and very overpriced. Nothing spectacular. Won't really hurry back.
Downstairs got a bomb dim lit classy ambience and an even bomber happy hour selection with a nice variety of drinks and some great deals on food. Everything is like $3, $4.. virtually unbeatable. Calamari, shrimp scampi, big ass meatballs, pepperoni or tomato pies on soft bread for like 2 bucks. Come on!!

Prime location on Samson between 15th and 16th. If you work in this area you can't go wrong here.
Awesome setting for a romantic dinner with your love one! Family style is always the way to go! HOWEVER, we attended the restaurant during Restaurant Week and the food was just okay. And for a representation of everything on the menu you would think the food would be excellent and would bring you back.. but it was sorely lacking in taste and presentation.

Highlights: Eggplant Parm, and Tomato Pie
New Year's Eve and we just came home from dinner at Giuseppe & Sons.  Strange that even though they have an elevator, they do not tell you. We were surprised at the arrangement of the restaurant.  The center section is brightly lite, while the surrounding tables are way too dark. Even waiters were having trouble reading checks, etc. So if you are in the dark section looking at the half wall that separates you from the well lite center, you kind of feel left out.
I ordered the artichoke appetizer and enjoyed it. My husband had the shrimp scampi "our most popular dish".  The scampi did not have the usual dried pepper flakes, but Italian RED HOTS.  Somebody in the kitchen was out of control.  I have a zillion Scampi recipes, non are with red hots.  I like hot and spicy but could not eat it.  Sadly there are no soups on the menu.  That is very surprising for an Italian restaurant.
They serve a new soup every day at lunch but non at dinner.
My husband ordered the veal parmigiano. Pounded big, it was "Ok".
Our waiter explained that my crab and spaghetti would have a crab on top.  I thought that was strange, but OK.
I am very familiar with digging out crab meat from Blue Crabs, but this crab was covered with tomato gravy.  How do I handle this without getting full of sauce?????  Why would you pour gravy on top of an empty crab shell.  I put that bad boy aside and ate the crab a pasta.
I must remark that the pasta was el dante and that was a good thing.
I did not order dessert but my husband had a cannoli that was delicious, but it wasn't made at Giuseppi's .   It was a termani's cannoli. His cappucino was half coffee and half foam.
How is it that a customer can spot bad design, and the experts who do this all of the time cannot.
Maybe they do it wrong all the time.  Very disappointed.
Really good first experience. We went for dinner a few days before Xmas for our anniversary.

When I gave the name for our reservation, the girl at the desk was already distracted by another employee and I thought, uh-oh, it's going to be like some of the sketchier reviews. It wasn't though. Everything went well. She apologized and someone took us downstairs to a beautiful hall. 

Top notch friendly service from waiter Travis.
I ordered a drink that wasn't on the menu and although he hadn't heard of it, the bartender made it and it was tasty. 

We ordered artichokes and a side of long hots (caution: hot!!) to start and some entrees to share: the vitello (veal) parmigiana and oriecchiette (little ear-shaped pasta) with sausage. All very good.

I know one of the reviewers here said that it was "obnoxious" that all his food came at once. All I know is, everyone in this place was working hard, really hustling, as it was busy. Our dishes came out rapidly, but it was a small table, so we got the entrees after one appetizer was cleared.

A well-dressed man with a headset (maybe one of the sons?) came to check on us, and I feel bad that I probably had my involuntarily crazy eyes on, as he said, "I'm so sorry to interrupt." Ignore my crazy eyes, buddy. The food is delicious! 

For dessert, a rum baba, a rum-soaked cake. Fantastic.
And an espresso. They remembered it was our anniversary and brought the cake with a sparkler. Nice touch. So many places ask, "Are you celebrating anything?" but then you never hear about it again. :-)

My wife said, "Everything was perfect." You can't beat that. I just wish she wouldn't say "This has no flavor" when I cook.

The prices were very good. I'm used to paying a lot more on our anniversary, so maybe I should have added the meatballs that everyone seems to like. Can't wait to come back and try them along with some seafood dishes.

My favorite Italian food is still served at Amis, but that is also another price level. 

Smooth service, wonderful atmosphere, not too loud, great food. A great new addition to Sansom Street.

Thanks for reading.
I have to tell you, I love it here. The ambiance is so fun and so radiant. It's romantic and trendy and sophisticated. The service has always been above and beyond and the food, wow. You could have a classic italian dinner or go with a protein like a pork chop for something more elevated. Both wonderful. 

There is a bartender, Kristian, is amazing. The happy hour menu is incredible and with Kristian you are in great hands.
The happy hour here (upstairs and downstairs) can't be beat! Upstairs is more of a cafe feel and downstairs is a bit darker with a more lounge vibe. Lots of food and drink options available for around $5 or less. You could easily make a full meal from the happy hour menu. 

For drinks, I love the negroni for $5. For food, the sandwiches are a great deal. It's half of the regular size and can still easily be shared between two people. The zucchini fries are also good. They are like lightly fried zucchini noodles. The gnocchi is also good as it is a sample serving of the regular dish. The pizza slices are large enough to be shared and are only $1.
First time but definitely not our last! Great atmosphere, fabulous food, knowledgeable waiter. Ralph was our waiter who made wonderful recommendations - we loved everything. 
If you're in the area - or even if not - please try Giuseppe & Sons on Samson. I can't wait to return!
Insanely good. Mind blowingly good. 

I don't want to over hype this place so you go and are disappointed... but I really don't know how that could happen. 

My dad is an Italian chef by profession so I feel like I have a prettttty good idea of this cuisine and this place is OUT OF THIS WORLD. 

Like no surprise given who runs it, but seriously go here. My family went and we all did the chefs tasting. You can choose what you want for this but we let the chefs surprise us and every course was delicious. 

*also it's very decently priced for the superb food you are getting. 

I will be back here and again and you need to go.
I would definitely come here again. I was shocked by how empty it was until I was escorted downstairs where the actual restaurant was. The bartender was very friendly and professional. The negroni tasted great. 
The portion size looked small at first, but it was actually very filling. The Wild Boar Bolognese was so delicious, I would definitely recommend. It wasn't salty nor bland. The house bread tastes great too. 
I loved the service here. My waitress was very friendly and didn't bother me too often. I was dining alone, which I rarely do but I happened to be in philly for a quick trip. 
A perfect date night would be dinner here then movies at the philly film center which is around the block.
I love this place! and their happy hour is too nice!!!! but when their busy it's hard to put in an order. But regardless I enjoy the environment and the downstairs vibes is feel good status. lots of wow factor and don't get me started on the food! Just worth checking out yourself. 5 stars!
Came here for restaurant week and had an amazing experience! The food was plentiful and amazing, especially the pasta! Love the cozy vibe! I'll definitely be back. This was my favorite restaurant week trial. The food and ambiance were top notch
I've tried a few different Italian restaurants in the city, and this place is my least favorite. It's also a little hard to give an accurate review since I went for restaurant week (different quality of food?), but pastas were too salty for my taste. Halibut was amazing, very chunky and moist. I recommend beef carpaccio and halibut if you want to try this restaurant!
I picked up an Italian hoagie.  The long roll was so terrible that I ended up throwing most of it out.  Mealy and dry.  Stale?  Maybe gluten free?  Yuck.  If you go there for a sandwich, I recommend you try something on a bun.  If I go there again, that is what I will do.  But for now I am very disappointed.
I have to say I am only giving stars for the ambiance of the downstairs bar area. Very sleek and modern with soft lighting. The bar server was friendly enough but looked stressed out with getting drink orders for a large crowd of people at the bar. There were two other bartenders with him so he wasn't doing everything on his own.  Now, the food...I'm sorry to say this but it's not authentic Italian in any sense of the word! We ordered gnocchi, eggplant parm, rice balls, and tomato pie.  The only way to describe the food is...bland with no seasoning, fit for a 6 year old who is a picky eater. It just had zero depth to the sauce, the gnocchi was way over cooked and the eggplant was covered with so much mozzarella cheese...I'm guessing to hide that awful tasting eggplant underneath? Honestly the food tasted like it had a frozen dinner quality. Everyone in our party was kind of shocked at how bad the food was!
Went for dinner on Friday night and was very impressed with the ambiance. Great atmosphere and not noisy at all for being such a large space. The food was also very good. The waitress told us to order five dishes which was a little too much for only two people. We ordered the meatballs, buffalo mozzarella, the Stromboli, the boar bolognese and the chicken parm. The meatballs and the Stromboli were both good and very generous portions. We absolutely loved the chicken parm and the bolognese. Next time we would probably only order the pasta and the chicken parm with a salad to share as the dishes come out haphazardly when they are ready similar to harp and crown. The cannoli that we ordered for desert was fabulous. We will definitely be back and excited to have another great new restaurant.
Could have been one of the overall worst experience I've had in a long time. Started by the rude person who answered the phone. We called as there was a chance we would run late for our reservation by 15 minutes. They wouldn't hold the table but they had available reservations after our time. This makes no sense as they had the table available as well as others within the same time frame. We arrived on time but I wish we ended up going someplace else. The service was completely unacceptable. Our waiter was totally overwhelmed and could not handle his station. We ordered drinks and had to ask the manager for them after we waited 20 minutes and they still had not arrived. The salad was over dressed, they added cheese when we requested no cheese, they forgot items, some dishes came when everyone was done eating and we never saw the waiter again. The manager and the bus people were serving us all night. I've been to this restaurant several times have had slow service before but never experienced anything this bad. Everyone at the table said they would never go back.
Had dinner here the other night - it's a family style experience for the most part - the starters were interesting and well presented. I had the chicken Milanese and it was ok - I had heard that they shave the parm table side but this did not happen. My friend has the Sunday Gravy - all okay. The highlight was dessert, the cannoli was delicious. I tried to purchase some to go upstairs at the counter but the two bartenders were too busy talking to each other and I got tired of waiting and left. The restaurant is interesting, food good, service just ok.
I had high expectations for a Schulson restaurant, and this place did not live up. The food was good, but nothing spectacular, and portions were on the smaller side. Most importantly the service was WEIRD. First, when being seated the hostess couldn't even find our reservation. Then, when ordering, our waiter seemed to be judging our selections and when asked if it was family style, he replied "it could be". Then all dishes besides one came out together, we were almost finished by the time the simplest of the dishes (pasta pomodoro) came out. None of the servers seemed friendly or happy to be there. The service was awkward and the food was subpar. I expected much more from a Schulson restaurant.
I had been following the progress and updates about Giuseppe and Sons for the past few months. I made a 5:30 dinner reservation for my sister's bday last night and was really excited and looking forward to it! It exceeded my expectations on every level. The city was packed last night and I was nervous that food, service, something would suffer. The ambience itself is wonderful. The top floor is a luncheonette style presence, reminiscent of 70s Jersey Italian hangouts. I loved it immediately. The downstairs dining area was also wonderful. Have you seen White Christmas? It reminded me a bit of Novello's. Dark, cozy and beautifully appointed. Our server Travis was wonderful and dealt patiently with 5 loud women. :) We started with eggplant, buffalo mozzarella, shrimp scampi, arancini. All delicious. I had orchiette for dinner - good and the portion was perfect. Others had pasta and fish. All very happy. We ended our night with various desserts - my sister and I split the cannoli. Amazing. My only gripe was that the lemoncello was too strong for me - others might love it! Can't wait to go back!
Great lunch spot. Sandwiches are fresh and the price is right. $8 for a chicken parm sandwich is very inexpensive for the area. Cutlet was perfect and the sauce had a lot of taste. Also the service was very prompt. I was in and out with my hot sandwich within five minutes. Will definitely be back to try the rest of their sandwiches.
I cannot say enough good things. My fianc made a reservation a month ago for a surprise engagement dinner with our families. The 10 of us were seated in a lovely private room which felt intimate, yet not like we were hidden away from the wonderful vibe of the restaurant. The cocktails were enjoyed by all- and one point the manager stopped over and asked my sister in law if she enjoyed her Palma Fizz, as he recognized it just by the empty glass which we were all impressed by. We had plenty of appetizers to share, with the meatballs being a stand out. We're a classic bunch, and all enjoyed the chicken parmesan that four of us ordered. The service was attentive yet not overbearing, and again, cannot say enough good things about the food, drinks, and atmosphere.
I recently dined at Giuseppe & Sons for dinner with my girlfriend on a Friday evening. The downstairs space is visually stunning and the overall noise level is pleasant.

The best: Cocktails and starters. The braised octopus was excellent and the best item I ate all evening. The clams also were well cooked and delicious. The house cocktails are well worth considering.

The mediocre: The pastas and veal parm were fine, but not as good as some of Philadelphia's long-standing Italian restaurants, such as Villa di Roma and Ralph's.

The worst: We ordered the tasting menu which is a good deal at $45 per person (2 apps, 1 salad, 1 side, 2 pastas & 1 main, I believe). But it was not paced properly. All the food came in two large waves, with the table so cluttered with dishes at one point that a server had nowhere to place yet another incoming dish. If the restaurant is going to offer a tasting option, the kitchen & servers need to learn how to pace the meal properly.
I've been here now twice.  First time, the service was terrible but the food was on point.  Second visit, the food was inedible while the service I received was excellent.  Not sure what to make of this place yet but they have a lot of kinks to work out.
A great date spot. Walk down the stairs and past the heavy grey velvet curtains and you are transported into a swanky vaulted dining room with Frank Sinatra type songs being piped in at just the right level. The quality of the food was excellent and we enjoyed the family style aspect of sharing. We had the meatballs, the buffalo mozzarella, the boar bolognese, the salmon and the chicken parm. All the portions were generous with the exception of the salmon. Although the flavor of the salmon was great it was a very small portion. I enjoyed the 10th and Tasker cocktail. One star taken off f this review due to the pushiness of our waitress.  She was strongly encouraging us to do the tasting menu or to order at least 6 to 9 items for the table. She also told us rather than ordering appetizers first and then the main dishes that we had to put our entire food order in at the same time. When I am out to eat I don't like a lot of rules and being told what I can and can't do so it was a real turn off.  Despite her suggestion, we ordered a total of 5 things for the table and it was more than enough food. In fact we had a lot of leftovers. I would come back I just hope that management tells the wait staff to tone it down a bit.
My friends and I came here for restaurant week for the first time. We were a little thrown off to find out that the meal was family style and not individual choices, but our waitress Selena was more than accommodating and she and the chef went above and beyond to make our experience great! The food is authentic and fresh. We were happy we chose this place to start of restaurant week and end our nights stuffed :)
The atmosphere is nice and the food was tasty. The unfortunate thing is that the apps and salads came out at the same time, and even though we asked for things to slow down and not come out all at once, the 1st and 2nd courses also came out together. The staff was anxious to clear the table - we had to also ask for that to slow down, which didn't happen either. So, not a place I'd rush back to.
My mom had wanted to come here since she'd heard about the venture and we finally made it in this weekend for dinner. The dining room is beautiful, it has a speakeasy meets trattoria vibe with concrete walls lined with photos, tufted sofas, small cabaret tables, and dim lighting. The lighting does make it a little difficult to read the menu, but it's nothing your phone flashlight can't fix.

We ordered meatballs and gravy, shrimp scampi, chicken piccata, and orecchiette with sausage. The meatballs were phenomenal. I'm incredibly picky about meatballs and I don't like most red sauces, but I ate the majority of the 3 large meatballs myself and sopped up the extra sauce with my bread. The scampi was good, our server said it was his favorite and my mother (a big scampi fan) enjoyed it. It was a little spicy with some breadcrumbs for crunch. My mother enjoyed her chicken piccata, I found my one bite of it overly salty (she thought it was just the capers). The orecchiette was deliciously garlicky, which was to my taste, though others might find it overwhelming. For dessert, she had the tiramisu and I had lemon pie, both were excellent.

Our server was on top of things all evening and he was training someone, so the people who mentioned having subpar service might be having their issues mitigated already. We also had two separate managers come over to check on us. I didn't catch the first's name, but Steve was super nice and I even saw him serving other tables a few times during the meal. I had no problem with paying the bill tableside, I've done it that way elsewhere and liked that you don't lose sight of your credit card. Overall, I'd come back for the meatballs any day and would love to try some of the other items.
