Sometimes a place deserves the extra half star, but what can you do? I've decided to round down in this instance, even though I had such an enjoyable evening and the staff was so friendly and attentive. 

Came for dinner the other night during the So-So restaurant week as a launching point for my elite fright fest night of craziness. We chose Gnocchi specifically because they offered a $30 three course meal and are a BYO. Of course, once we got there, we forgot and ordered in the normal style, but at least we remembered the vino. 

I started with the S.O.D. which was a chicken soup with some veg and fresh noodles in a clear broth. Noodles were so vibrantly green that I almost didn't eat them for the belief that they were the leaves of a romaine heart; that would have been especially dumb as they were the best part (pitfall of the BYO, I drink wine faster due to no worries over the cost). My date opted for the Frittura Di Ercole (or fried calamari and such) because she loves it everywhere else, and that carried right over with Gnocchi's version. 

Moved on to the entrees with my order of the veal chop from the specials and my lady's Agnello Arrostirsi from the menu, or oven roasted lamb with red wine and rosemary. Both meals came with gnocchi, which believe it or not was a new experience for me, but only I enjoyed them (her last name ends with and has a lot of vowels within, so sometimes she gets snooty with her cucina di Italia). So glad she got the lamb because I have been disliking it of late, and Gnocchi killed it. That meat seriously melted in your mouth and totally blew my veal out of the water. Cooked perfectly, and dripping with flavor, I was extremely happy when it became apparent I would be taking on the untouched 2nd piece of lamb from my baby's plate. My veal was okay, though not fantastic (as well as a little overcooked), but I wasn't disappointed. 

Finished up with a deliciously airy piece of tiramisu, another first for me, and another laugh filled conversation with one of the lovely waitresses. This seems as good as any time for me to point out that the servers here all seemed to have an Italian accent. I know it is silly, but I feel my meal was more authentic, and therefore better, because of this. Good start to a great night, thanks Gnocchi
We learned the hard way that Philly is a city who loves reservations. So after having difficulty finding a spot the night  before, we made reservations for here early. Charming and in a wonderful location, Gnocchi is warming and cordial. And the food resonates with such. I got to speak in Italian with our waiter which is always fun for me and a good sign that if an Italian will eat/work here, then you should pay attention to it. I ordered the linguine con vongole, but our table started with the burrata and also the basket of bread they put on our table. We had also brought our own wine. In addition, the restaurant is cash only. 

My linguine with clams was simply delicious, but what really made the night was the singer who quieted down the restaurant every so often with some beautiful opera. Now, that's amore.

I hope on a return visit to the city we make it back out here again!
Gnocchi is a great option in Philadelphia if you want slightly sub-gormet Italian food at a great price. However be prepared for a side order of nasty attitude. I went in for an early dinner on Saturday evening and got a table before it had begun to fill up. My waitress was a blonde European woman with the foulest attitude I've experienced in awhile. As someone who frequently eats alone I have learned to spot what I call the "Oh crap a one-seater table and I won't get a good tip" reaction from a waitress. Basically it boils down to this: servers don't want to wait on a table of one because they think it isn't worth their while as the tip will be smaller. It's often a self fulfilling prophecy, because they end up being rude or inattentive to that one person table, which results in a low tip.

In this instant I had been having a great day of pampering and shopping and I just wasn't going to deal with it. I literally confronted the waitress and asked if she was irritated or somehow upset about something. Keep in mind this was before I had even ordered. She gave me some cock-and-bull story about how she was having pain in her leg, forced a half-smile, and took my order. Then, mysteriously, for the rest of the night my table was handled by someone else - a man who was much more pleasant and who received a 35% tip because of it.

Gnocchi is one of those relatively small hole-in-the-wall style restaurants that Philly is known for, with a pleasant and modern candlelit bistro feeling that, unlike so many others, actually manages to capture the Euro-bistro feeling it is going for.

For my meal I ordered a small salad, a bruscetta style appetizer and the tomato and basil gnocchi with chicken. I apologize for not remembering the name of anything I ordered. I'm not Italian. The salad was baby greens with goat cheese and a white balsalmic dressing. I added chicken to this for $1 extra. It was a crisp salad, not at all wilty and very enjoyable. The appetizer, tomato slices with fresh mozarella, was a little bit bland ( the mozz could have stood a salt soaking,) but the request of a side of vinegar brought out the flavor.

The entre was delish: the potato gnocchi was moist and dissolvey without being a mouthful of mush. The sauce was thick but not chunky, and generously portioned. I also added chicken to this entre for only $2 extra. In both instances the strips of grilled chicken were perfectly prepared.

My two complaints about the food: first, the portions are quite small. For the average person dining in America who expects heaping food servings, this will feel unsatisfying. Also, they literally provide no beverage options except water. You are offered a choice of Pelligrino, bottled still or tap. I initially asked for tap with the intention of ordering juice or soda, but was told this wasn't an option and I wound up with the Pelligrino. That always irritates me because you end up with the twenty trillion gallon bottle that no human could finish.

An unrelated but enjoyable sidebar: after several minutes a man was seated at the table next to me. Apparently a tourist he stood out like a sore thumb (and this from me, a guy with a mohawk who was carrying about five shopping bags at the time.) The first words out of his mouth to the waitress were "I'm here from Boston, is the food here good?" I wish she had dug deep down into her inner bitchiness and said "No, it's terrible. I actually work here because I'm a sadist." Anyway, once he realized they didn't accept credit cards, he left to allegedly go to the bank across the street to get some cash, and the waitress literally bored holes through the window watching him to see if he was telling the truth. (He wasn't, and he never came back.)
I was there with a group and the waiter took it upon himself to decide that we all wanted 'chef's table'.  Nobody asked me about this and since I am allergic to red meat as well as most cheeses, I immediately said "Excuse me, but I am not able to participate in that since I have food allergies" the waiter looked at me as though I have three heads and he panicked, saying that "everyone" was ordering chef's table.  I told him that I would order my own things and pay for them.

He then listed off the specials and only one of them was meat-free, but since the description was ambiguous, I asked "How and with what is the gnocchi prepared?"  He said "you can't have the gnocchi, it has flour" I said "I'm not allergic to flour. How is the gnocchi prepared?" He walked off to get the chef, and when they returned, the waiter repeated himself about how I cannot have the gnocchi.  (At that point, if I hadn't been there with a large group, I would have gone elsewhere to eat)  I asked again how and with what is the gnocchi is prepared and the waiter said "with flour, egg and pumpkin". I said. "I know, I have prepared gnocchi many times at home. With what ELSE is it prepared?  Finally the chef explained that he preps it with olive oil, garlic, basil and tomato. I said "THAT is what I Have been trying to find out for the past 15 minutes, thank you". The waiter looked shocked and was rude to me the rest of the time. Yes, the gnocchi ended up being good. The chef knows his job well, the waiter doesn't.

On the menu the gnocchi is $14, yet I was charged $ 23 for it without warning. I only tipped $2 because of this rude and unprofessional waiter. Outrageous. I will not be back.
If you want to eat good italian food, this is not the place.  Their gnocchi was not so good, overcooked, and the sauce was not so special.  Being near the italian market and great italian restaurants, I would not go back.
Last night I my bf and I grabbed a bottle of wine, a big one, and took it along to gnocchi for their current recession deal of dinner for two for just $25.  After a movie, we headed over and arrived to an empty restaurant at 9:30pm on a Tuesday night.  We hesitated, considering the kabob place next door which we love.  We stuck with Gnocchi mostly to see what the deal really was like.
Also, part of my desire to try this place was to see if it could be as bad as some of the more terrible reviews it's gotten here on yelp.  I mean, the weather's been so annoyingly crappy lately, I was almost in the mood to go off on some bad service!  I was deprived of this though.

The restaurant is really cute and warm.  When we arrived a hostess/server promptly greeted us and offered the front table by the window.   We were treated like kings, actually.  They fawned over us.  Quickly, they  brought out some bread, filled our water and wine glasses for us and refilled them as soon as we sipped them, it seemed.  Eventually when a couple other tables came in, we felt relieved to have the two ladies hover less and let us pour our own wine even.

 We each had chosen to order the house salad which was standard chopped Romain, tomatoes, cucumber and roasted peppers.  It was OK, not bad, not skimpy.  For entrees, we ordered the Fettuccine bolognese  and the Tre Fromaggia gnocci.  I liked both but the gnocchi was surprisingly good.  The cheesy sauce was delicious and the mushrooms and peppers added in were nice with the pasta.  The Bolognese sauce was ok, but it could've used a bit of zip, maybe even some fresh basil. 
For dessert we shared an adequate sized order of Tirimasu and two coffees.  We were indeed quite full for $25.
The size of the bottle of wine maybe helped, but we enjoyed it.  Afterwards, we agreed it wasn't earth shattering good, just good.
As much as I enjoyed the price and service, a trace of regret lingers at my missed opportunity to bitch and yell about it.  Maybe next time!
My best friend and I recently stopped in here on a Thursday night to check out the new "2 for 25" deal.  a quick primer: two people each get a salad (you get three choices), an entree (many choices, including one not on the regular menu: ravioli), and then you share a slice of tiramisu, all for $25 total.  the offer is only available on weekdays.  I've had a few enjoyable meals here before, and always felt like the pricing was very reasonable, but this deal is pretty great. 

upon sitting down at our table we were instantly greeted by our server, who opened our bottle of wine and dropped off bread for us.  service was efficient the whole way through the meal, around when needed but otherwise out of sight and mind which was very pleasant.

i ordered the house salad, which was well sized and had some really delicious marinated mushrooms in it. i don't eat salads much at restaurants because they tend to be overdressed or overpriced, but this one was very well rounded and made a nice start to the meal.

for an entree i ordered the gnocchi of the day, which came out in a delicious buttery basil sauce with diced tomatoes and mushrooms.  the gnocchi itself was green and very likely had spinach in it, but honestly I'm not sure and i never actually asked what the ingredient of the day was.  it didn't matter much to me, because it tasted good.

right around the time that we were almost done with our pasta, our waiter appeared with another basket of bread for us.  we didn't ask for it, but the moment it hit the table we both grabbed slices and used them to soak up the leftover sauce and quickly devoured every last sign of food having existed on our plates.  the extra bread was a nice touch, and very much appreciated.

the slice of tiramisu was light in both texture and flavor.  after the strength of flavor in the sauces and the wine, it almost felt a little too delicate, but was still quite good.  the size of the slice was plenty for two people, and at the end of the meal we were both pleasantly full.  

they offered coffee, but we had shown rather late and didn't want to linger and keep them from shutting down.  and on this I'd like to make a comment:  I'm really sensitive about not being a burden on folks who just wanna shut down and get the hell out of work.  i won't even walk in a store if i know they close in the next half hour. to the credit of everyone working in this restaurant, we were never in any way made to feel rushed.  after noticing that we had stayed past closing, i also noticed that everyone was very relaxed about it, which i appreciated.  

overall a good meal for an excellent price, with really wonderful service and a relaxed, cozy atmosphere. this is one of those places that makes the South Street area more than just a strip mall, and is definitely worth checking out.
Doling out this 2 star review I realize how ridiculously skewed my ratings are.  I rarely do it.  But I just didn't like the food at this place.

I wanted to try Hosteria Da Elio which is in the same area, but when I called, the friendly man with the Italian accent said they were not currently open Mondays (but would be doing that soon).  I wish it had been open or we had tried a place with a better review like La Fourno or the Kebab house next door...

The place is cozy, though slightly cramped, with an exposed brick wall on the left side.  Slightly dinghy.  Cold air kept blowing in whenever new customers arrived.

Initially I was satisifed with service which was very friendly.  Our first bottle of BYOB wine was uncorked quickly.  The menu was explained to us.  We liked the cheap $25 for 2 meal which is available Monday through Thursday.  (As explained previously you recieve 2 salads, 2 pasta dishes, 2 coffees and a tiramisu to share.)

We received our salad.  I got the salad with mixed greens, feta and citrus vinaigrette dressing.  The waitress offered fresh pepper for the salads which was nice.  The salad was OK - a good portion of fresh lettuce, good feta, but it was drenched in the dressing which made it a bit soggy.  The dressing was also a bit sweet for my taste.

However, then the wait began.  They refilled our water glass after every sip but our pasta dish took what must have been a full 45 minutes to reach us.  And this time no offer of fresh pepper.  The sweet potato gnocchi was fair, the white sauce was nice.  However the tomato basil gnocchi was probably the worst gnocchi dish I've ever had, and considering the name of this restaurant that is the main source of the 2 star review.  The sauce was supposed to be aurora but seemed to be a bland marinara.  I swear I've had better stuff out of jars, so why am I paying for this at a restaurant?  Meanwhile the water filling slowed down and it took forever for us to find someone to open another bottle of wine for us...

The tiramisu was nice - fluffy and flavorful.  But it didn't save the meal...  To top things off, after paying and as we stood to leave, the waitress that previously seemed to be so pleasant said "Ok guys!  See you!" and rudely brushed past me and my girlfriend to bus the table and rush us out of the restaurant...  even though no one was waiting for a table...

The wine was really the best thing we had all night, and we could have taken that to any BYOB we pleased...  Bad decision...
Nice BYO near south street (don't let the Passayunk address throw you off) with excellent gnocchi. Completely meatless all carb dishes usualy leave me unsatisfied, but their gnocchi can really be described as "pillows." Soft, fluffy, almost no need to chew gnocchi that doesn't make you feel bloated 2 hours later. 

I didn't get any of the entrees, but my dining mates got osso bucco and chicken saltimboca (both came with a side of gnocchi). Both were tasty, but not as spectacular as my portobello mushroom gnocchi.
This place was amazing! We loved the homie feel from the minute we stepped inside. The food spoke volumes. We started with burrata with tomato and prosciutto along with huge bowl of delicious mussels. I got the special which was mascarpone ricotta gnocci and my husband got the veal parm! Our waitress was so sweet and told us the story behind gnocci.
It's been open on and off for last 30 years. The place feels like you're in Italy , such warmth from the food and people inside. I can't wait to take back all our friends and family!
I went here with four other people and we decided on the prix fixe menu. What a great decision that was! They brought out six appetizers (the mussels and mozzerella portabellos were my two favorites), then a tasting of gnocchi and ravioli, and then we could choose any entree off the menu, including specials. I got the pollo alla gnocchi, which was good, but not as good as I hoped. My friend ordered the braised pork shank which was absolutely delicious. Dessert was hazelnut gelato, tiramisu, and chocolate tiramisu with choice of coffee/espresso/cappuccino. I rolled out of here very satisfied with the food and overall experience. I will be back to try out some more entrees.
We had a reservation for 8pm with 10 of our friends.  We showed up and the restaurant was crowded and a waitress greeted us.  She claims that all the parties showed up with extra guests.  The thing was that when we showed up there were 2 other 8 tops waiting to be seated.   They were also asking why they couldn't be seated when they were supposed to.   The only reason i am writing this review is because the waitress was a flat out rude person and had no answer why.  I'm not sure of the food but literally the worst customer service I've ever experienced.
I have never written a review before but had to after our awful experience at this restaurant last night. They are clearly understaffed as many places are, but if that is the case, limit the seating! We sat for 20 minutes before we got menus. Another 20 minutes before anyone took our order. Another 20 minutes to get 1 of 2 appetizers. After another wait (yes, about 20 mins), we got up and left. (We left cash for the appetizer that we ate, which was mediocre.) Again, I understand this is a difficult time for restaurants but this was the worst experience. Don't waste your time or money.
If I could add an extra half star I would, so say this is 4.5 stars!

I love the food at Gnocchi, and the restaurant is super cute.

I came here for my birthday dinner, we accidentally made a reservation for 2 people instead of the 5 that were actually attending, but the staff was more than accommodating!  After a short wait (and an explanation of our mistake) they were able to seat us at a table for 5, even though the restaurant was pretty full.  I greatly appreciate this, because they went above and beyond in this aspect of the evening.

To start off, the table shared the burrata appetizer as well as the eggplant appetizer (which was a special that evening).  Both were absolutely delicious!  I could not get enough!

For entrees, one of my friends and I both had the Mascarpone Gnocchi in the blush (with I think ricotta) sauce (a special that i am told is always on the menu).  Another friend got the Fusilli, and the other two people in our party got fish specials (one was a tuna special, and the other was a fish that I cannot recall in a francaise style sauce).  I personally tasted each item (we all traded dishes so everyone could have a taste of the different meals) and it was all wonderful! I lobe finding a restaurant that has a variety of items and does them all so well, that you can't go wrong ordering anything.

The only real problem we had was that the restaurant is very loud.  It's a smaller restaurant and the voices carry and seem to be amplified.  This is not anyones fault, just something to be aware of if you are sensitive to loud places.

The staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  Service was a little slow, but they were extremely busy, and a lot was going on.  They even gave us a second dessert on the house at the end of the night...the Tiramisu is  fantastic!
Currently, this is a cash only business. 

I would definitely come here again and recommend to others!
Went here as a dinner for 2 but ordered $70 worth of food because have you seen the photos of their entrees??? Mouth foaming, Instagram worthy, delicious. 

3 main entrees were:
1) Lobster Ravioli
2 Gnocchi Blush sauce 
3) Spinach Gnocchi 

The real standouts were the lobster ravioli and the gnocchi in blush sauce. Both had the same sauce which was SO SO good. They were creamy, flavorful and just the right amount of kick.

The spinach gnocchi in the white sauce was a big let down. Maybe it was just in comparison to the blush sauce but I would not get this one again. 

Pro-tips! CASH ONLY, no ATM on site. If you get it to go they do not give utensils.
My family and I went to this restaurant tonight and it was disappointing. The food was not good. I could deal with that. The real issue was the poor service - it was slow and unprofessional. My mom asked the waitress for bread and the waitress threw up her hands and sighed loudly  at my mom (it was Mother's Day too). I am sure the waitress was overwhelmed by the large crowds, but that is not an excuse to be rude to a customer. I am really disappointed and I will not be returning.
This place is simply amazing. The food is outstanding, the ambiance is perfect, the staff are friendly and helpful and very attentive, and the chef is so great it feels like you are at his home dining with his family. My favorite Italian restaurant!
IGNORE THE MEDIOCRE REVIEWS FROM A FEW YEARS AGO! The place closed for a while but the original owner came back and re-opened the restaurant and it is amazing
 again! You must try the artichokes and lamb shank, but it's hard to pass up all the unique specials they offer! Homemade tiramisu is outstanding also. They are offering a chefs tasting menu that is absolutely worth it for only $35!
Cash only! BYOB!
So, when I was told I was being taken out for my birthday, I was slightly skeptical.  I am very critical when it comes to Italian cuisine, particularly because ninety-eight percent of "Italian" restaurants serve Americanized dishes, and I prefer the traditional Italian.  Heavy in fish, shellfish, duck, and other meats, garnished and seasoned with vegetables and regional sauces, not just slapped with alfredo or marinara and called Italian.

Well, I was pleasantly surprised!  Not only is the fare here as traditional as you can possibly get, they do throw in some more mainstream dishes for those who are not as partial to traditional tastes.  Everything from their crispy bread to their noodles, and of course the gnocchi, are all made in-house and burst forth with the flavor that comes from loving hands and hard work.

Its a small BYOB place, nestled away next to another fantastic Turkish kabab restaurant on east Passyunk, seating probably no more than 50 people at any given time.  The atmosphere is great, giving you the feel of a down-home enviorment with a matte color and frescos.  The kitchen is right to the rear, and the open cooking environment only adds to the charm of the venue.

From what i've seen on other reviews of Gnocchi, people seem to think that the waitstaff is rude or slow.....not true of my experience at all.  Not only were they all native-born and fluent in Italian, they were more than happy to bring everything requested, even finding some orange juice to add to the champagne we had brought, allowing me to make a functional mimosa!  They shared stories with us, but only after seeing that we were open to interaction, and other than that maintained a level of professionalism that was fantastic.  I don't know if that may change when it is busier here, but my experience was great.

As for the food, well....its out of this world.  I decided to go with two items that were chef's speciats that evening, starting with the Seafood Soup, which was a conglomeration of all things tasty.  In a light but buttery broth sat mountains of shrimp, mussels, squid, and fish.  The light flavor of the shellfish went perfectly with the buttery broth, and the seafood was cooked to perfection, melting in the mouth like a dream.

We then moved onto an appetizer; the Frutti de Mare, which was another amazing surprise.  I wanted a salad, but not just something boring that you could get anywhere.  This was yet another seafood dish....I think I went seafood the whole night.  Mussels, squid, and shrimp again, piled on top of celery, field greens, and mindblowingly thinly cut carrots, with a lemon-sauce drizzle.  Once again cooked to perfection, the wonderful flavor and texture of the shellfish mingled perfectly with the fresh crispyness of the greens.

Following the salad we opened a second bottle of champagne.  After all, it was a birthday.....  My dinner had arrived, just as described, and I watched like an amazed and enratpured child as our waitress took the riverfish(not sure of the exact name, was in Italian) and removed the skin and delicately placed it on a plate with gnocchis in a rose sauce and green beans.  She then proceeded to filet the entire fish and place the large portions of meat onto the skin, creating a delicate, yet deep and succulent looking masterpiece.  The fish was cooked perfectly, and the skin was second to none.  Just crispy enough with just enough seasoning to really make the gnocchi and greens come alive.

All these flavors dancing in my stomach made me feel at ease, especially with the aid of the champagne, and I felt a food coma coming on.  Just when I thought I had enough, it went up another notch.  Somehow, the waitstaff had gotten wind of the fact that it was my birthday.  They didn't make a big deal out of it, singing ridiculous songs, or even bringing attention to me, which I appreciated, but did bring out a beaufiul and silky piece of homemade tiramisu, garnished with homemade pistachio and almond ice creams.  It was amazing, just as a good tiramisu should be, and I was spent....

Overall, I have to give this place the best rating possible because the food, staff, and feel of the restaurant is great.  I would highly recommend Gnocchi to anyone who likes REAL Italian food.  With our whole dinner: two soups, appetizer, and two entrees, our bill didn't even climb past the fifty dollar mark, and that says a lot, especially when the food was this fantastic.  Hell, maybe i'll even see you there next time!
I went to Gnocchi last Friday night when my parents were in town.  I used Yelp of course to pick a place and this was on the top of my list.
It's a very nice family owned place and they take pride in their high quality customer service and excellent food.  Everyone was so attentive and the food was delic!

I will definitely go back!
if you are named after a particular food, it might be advisable to attempt to actually serve that food well.  this place came highly recommended and i ate there with a fairly large group, about half of us had been there before. i had salmon, everyone else had gnocchi or chicken parmesan (not on the menu, but they serve it). mine was below average (definitely not fresh fish, poorly cooked, bland sauce) and everyone else agreed that the food just wasn't what it used to be. the portions were also smaller than they used to be (5 raviolis? - that is a meal?). beyond which, gnocchi comes with everything so shouldn't it taste good? mushy pasta bags more like it. fairly cheap, but not worth walking half a block for.
We live close by Gnocchi and we often forget about it. Last week we decided to have a small birthday celebration and chose Gnocchi. To our surprise they had a great two for $25 week day special menu (Monday -Thursday). The special included a full size salad with a choice of three; about eight choices of entrees including their Gnocchi of the day; and a huge piece of Tiramisu to share along with coffee.  It is a cash only BYOB, but this special was almost too good to believe.  We both had generous portions of two salads, I had the pumpkin gnocchi with a white wine sauce and my partner had a spinach gnocchi in an alfredo sauce. The service was excellent and the food outstanding. You just can't beat the price and variety.
3.5 stars for Gnocchi. 

Went here for an early Sunday dinner with my mom and we both enjoyed it. Will order different appetizers next time (we had the frutti di mare which I didn't realize was chilled. Totally my fault, I should have asked more questions. And a goat cheese salad, which was good but didn't blow my mind.)

I had the gnocchi with the 3 cheese alfredo sauce. So so good. The gnocchi themselves were tender and fluffy, qualities that you only get in homemade. The sauce was perfect, creamy and well seasoned it included shiitake mushrooms, radicchio and roasted red peppers. I would order this dish again in a heart beat. My mom had the chicken Marsala which was a great take on a traditional Marsala. The sauce was lighter and the mushrooms were sliced portobellos. It came with a side of sauteed spinach and gnocchi in a aurora sauce, both good as well. 

The waitress was the shining star of the evening (5 stars for her), charming and well spoken she definitely made our evening. Ahem.. an excerpt...

Me: Is you bread homemade? It is wonderful.

Her: Why yes it is, we make it every morning. I did see how much you were enjoying it ( I ate the better half of two baskets), so I gave you some more in your leftover bag to enjoy at home.

That right there folks is damn fine service.

I absolutely will return and am confident that when I order different appetizers this review will be bumped up to 4 stars.
I've been here a handful of times and each time I've had a great food experience. I have to admit, with a name like gnocchi, I basically just eat the gnocchi here, so it's possible everything else on the menu isn't good (I highly doubt that) but I get tunnel vision sometimes when I see gnocchi....and more than one kind. brilliant! 

Anyway, this place is slightly off south, so it's out of the disorder that south street can be on a weekend, and it's BYO so I this it's fantastic. The waitresses are very nice, I seriously thought the one was having trouble with me, but then we had a 5 minute conversation about where to buy adorned headbands for under 10 bucks, and we were golden for the rest of the meal. My counterparts both seemed to enjoy their meals also, and well we were enjoying the B's the at we had BYO'ed and overall I had a completely peachy time. 

Will definitely return in the future. For BYO happiness before a show at the Shubin. (it's so close!)
You will be thankful you have taste buds.  This is superb food made from scratch. I currently live in DC but am from Philly and this is my MUST GO to restaurant when there. Been there so many times I couldn't even tell you how often I've been there in the past. The food is amazing while relatively inexpensive and the value just incredible. 

As others have said the specials are indeed just that - special. If the veal or pork shank is on the menu get it. The meat melts in your mouth as it falls off the bone. This is not your average "Italian restaurant" - Sandro, the owner/chef has been featured in Bon Appetite and has a resume that'll make any foodie drool in anticipation.  If like me you enjoy dessert then save room for the tiramisu which is made there and is the best I have ever tasted in my life.  It's BYOB so bring extra (yes it's that friendly).
Been going here with my family for years and it never disappoints! Closed down about 2 and a half years ago and reopened in August. Sandro, still the original owner, takes pride in all his dishes and makes it one of his top priorities to be friendly with all his customers. The Fussili is my favorite dish - Lamb Ragout with Fusilli pasta and smoked Mozzarella. Portions and prices are reasonable. Staff is friendly and polite! Always assists me right away with water and fresh bread. The scenery is very authentic and the Italian music in the background creates a beautiful atmosphere. Always going to be one of my go-to's for genuine Italian food!
I've been coming here for over 16 years, we stopped in over the weekend for a late dinner and were instantly reminded why we keep coming back.  A knowledgeable kitchen staff has perfected every dish on the menu. Don't shy away from specials, here.  Their osso bucco is world renowned.
Gnocchi is a cozy, cute little restaurant serving fairly authentic Northern Italian food.  The spinach salad with goat cheese was delicious--excellent cheese and lots of it.  The gnocchi were truly exceptional--light and puffy with delicious tomato basil sauce.  The linguine my boyfriend had appeared to be homemade as well and were quite delicious.

My only complaint is that the wait staff were a little pushy and seemed to be hustling people out the door.   But it was a Friday night...
I used to live right near here and we used to come all the time.  They had the most delicious gnocchi's and fresh pastas and vegetables.  It's a BYO, cash only... and it was always amazing.

I've since moved away from the area, but we come back from time to time.  It had been a while, so we went back on Sunday with my boyfriend and my parents to revisit this neighborhood gem.  It's one of my dads favorites in the city.  We were sat right away at a nice table, and then the sitting began.  I really think our waitress was drunk or something.  It's just not possible for such awful service to exist any other way.  We weren't trying to be unhappy, we hadn't seen eachother in a while and we were looking to be left alone and catch up, but this got ridiculous.

About 10 minutes went by and we got our wine bottle opened, and procured some glasses.

About 15 minutes after being seated, our waitress seated another 2-top and at this point noticed that we didn't have menus, and got them for us.  After seating the 2-top she tried to sell us on a price-fixe tasting menu.  We weren't interested.  We did, however, learn what the specials were.  My mom isn't a huge cream sauce fan so she asked if she could take the garlic and oil sauce from the special and put it over one of the gnocchis that come with a cream sauce.  Our waitress told us that this flavor profile wouldn't work.  Garlic, oil, and pasta... My mother, who happens to be 100% italian, owned a restaurant for 12 years, and pretty much grew up cooking- was flabbergasted, but tried to hide it as well as she could.  How can you not give the customer what they want?  

The next time our waitress came around we caught her and tried to order, but she wasn't ready yet so we mobilized... got our whole order together, got our 2nd bottle of wine ready to be opened, and prepared our request for water... by this point we've been there for about 40 minutes.  The table that arrived after us had their salads.  

She came back and we gave her the whole shebang- appetisers, salads, and entrees, water, and a 2nd bottle of wine opened.  My mom had worked back up the confidence to order what she wanted- the spinach gnocchi with garlic and oil sauce... and our waitress smugly told my mother that the flavor profile wouldn't work.  My mom asked if she'd do it anyway, and the waitress insisted that it wasn't an option.  Garlic... oil... spinach... sounds delicious to me!  She went with a pink sauce, but clearly it's not what she wanted.  

OK so sidebar here- when you're at a restaurant and you're about to order something that's a mistake, the waitress may guide you in another direction.  They may suggest something better... but I've never seen anyone just flat out say 'no' before.  It was really a show-stopper.

About an hour after we got there we got a bread basket and little plates.  No butter or oil, so we snagged some oil, salt and pepper off of another table that had just left.  She brought water glasses and filled 3 out of the 4 of them, and left.  The pitcher was not empty or anything... she just didn't give my dad water?

Appetisers came and were great.  We got our silverware about 5 minutes after our appetisers came out, but we had plates!

Salads came next and were solid.

Dinner came 2 hours after we had sat down.  She offered us pepper, but we declined and asked for cheese.  She walked away and totally forgot.  After about 5 solid minutes of watchign her roll silverware, i hopped up and grabbed some... We were picking at our food waiting for the cheese, and the gnocchi pasta dishes were served cold.  I had the linguini and it wasn't warm... but it wasn't as cold as the gnocchi.  My dinner was alright- the mushrooms were overcooked and the pasta was clumping togehter, but it tasted ok.  I took a taste of my moms and it was literally frigid.  She was too upset by this point to send it back though (not to mention we all had work the next day... we were getting sleepy... we'd been there for HOURS)... so she ate as much of it as she could, and then just left the rest.  My boyfriend got the pork shank and said it was pretty good, but hard to enjoy with all of the other BS we'd endured by that point.

Our night ended with a free desert that it seemed like everyone got at that point- a piece of tiramisu and some salted carmel gelato.  Both were delicious... but at that point we just wanted to go home.\

My parents paid the check for us which was very nice.  I have no idea what they tipped, but this waitress literally ruined our dinner.  The food wasn't up to par... as I know what this place is capable of.  It just wasn't great... but the service just killed it for us.  We wanted to be left to chat and enjoy one anothers company a bit, but this was just bananas.  Unfortunatly, i think this place may be beginning to decline.  I don't think we'll be returning any time soon.
Ok my one and only visit to this place was riddled with peril from the first 10 minutes there.  Mom, Dad, Brother, and I decide to go out to eat, since they are visiting from Chicago...we find Gnocchi, nice BYOB, near south street, great place to walk around after dinner.  

Our waiter misunderstood our order for appetizers and brought 2 orders of fried calamari, instead of 1 and another appetizer.  They then told us we were wrong, and we ordered 2 of them...we didn't.  They tried to make us keep it and pay for it, but we assured them it was a misunderstanding and they finally let it go.  

Dinner was actually very tasty, no complaints.  Then dessert - we ordered the fig gelato and cheese cake, which we shared.  My dad and brother ate most of the gelato, I only had 1-2 spoonfulls.  
We get the check....cash only, so my bro and pops go to the PNC bank down the way.  While there, little brother experiences sharp shooting abdominal pain, that passes with some discomfort.  Pops and bro get back, we pay, and start walking down south street.  

Bro disappears to go buy a present for his GF.  Mom, pops and I continue walking to SuperFresh to get something, when pops gets hit by it...uncontrollable stomach pains.  It was to the point where we were standing on the check out line at SuperFresh, and i looked at my father, and he looked so helpless and sad, in so much pain...it was a very sobering moment to see your father so helpless...needless to say he had to use the bathroom in the back of the supermarket...behind the fish.

Brother calls me 5 minutes later "yo i'm in the starbucks bathroom...i just took the worst shit ever"

me: "pops is doin the same thing"

we suspect foul play and will never go back again
Ugh what a disappointing experience. We booked a reservation for a large party, so the complete lack of service was inexcusable. They couldn't time the meal to save their lives. Half of the dishes were overcooked, including my scallop appetizer, dammit. At least 3 people at the table sent their dishes back for being stone cold. My server couldn't perform a tableside filet to save her life, it looked like a 3 year old had attacked my fish with a spork. The fish, one of the days specials, was completely flavorless. And several people said that the gnocchi was mediocre at best.
Bland and disappointing. 

Salad consisted of spinach leaves indifferent to their vinagrette.

The linguine with shrimp, crab meat and "an interesting, spicy sauce" was tough, watery, plentiful and plenty uninteresting. 

The romantic atmosphere and spirited waitress, while immensely appreciated, did not cure the food.

I lost the will for dessert.

There are many places you want to give another try, even if they initially disappoint. I want to say I'd come back here, as again, the atmosphere is lovely. But sometimes you just know when the food won't recover. This is one of those places, and one of those times.
Although the food was pretty good, the service was extremely slow and it's cash only (an insane annoyance when it's literally 2021). Since we asked for the check 3 times and it didn't arrive at our table, we calculated the cost of our food (2 $18 items and 1 $20 item + 6% tax at $59.36) and put down our cash plus tip. When the check came as we were leaving, it was for over $70. Why? Because unlike every other restaurant or credible food establishment I've ever experienced, Gnocchi believes they're entitled enough to charge $3 per glass of shitty tap water. The waiter was not at all up front about this cost which is what warrants this negative review. Being offered tap water at the start of a meal doesn't indicate a $3/cup charge to the consumer and it isn't appreciated.
This neighborhood gem has been a long-time favorite of mine. Gnocchi has a warm, inviting ambience with lovely service to match.  The food and desserts are absolutely delicious - fresh and homemade.  Outdoor seating available too.
What a cool little restaurant. 
I made reservations for my daughter's 26th birthday.

Our table was upgraded to larger one which was nice.  There were 6 of us.

Informed of specials and we ordered the string beans & a cheese dish.
We had warm bread also.

Our server was polite & friendly.
Our entrees were awesome!
Fresh gnocchi was the best.

This is a BYOB establishment. 

Great place, would return.
Great food, great atmosphere, great service! This BYOB is a perfect setting for a romantic evening, group of friends, or a large party for a special occasion.

My family always books a large majority of parties here. We can be as loud as we want here cause hey, we're a loud Italian family! Walter and his staff are over
I loved this place! It is perfect for that simple, charming, cozy neighborhood BYO. Although the food is not out of this world amazing, it is definitely delicious and very reasonably priced. My friend and I came here on a weeknight, had an appetizer and two entrees and our bill was less than 40 dollars. Also because it's a BYO you save even more money. I had some pumpkin gnocchi and it was great! We had the fried mozzarella for an appetizer and that was delicious too. Of course that's kind of  a given, since it's pretty hard to make fried mozzarella that's not delicious. The service was very good and I would definitely go back. This place is great for a girls night get together or a first date.
loved this place.
my boyfriend is italian and he loved it as well.
if you go monday - thursday, they have a 2 for $25 special that includes a salad, an entree, and dessert for two and coffee.
their tiramisu is out of this world.
im glad i finally decided to dine here.
will definitely be coming back.
The Insalata Agrumi was amazing. Any salad with goat cheese is a winner for me, but this was especially good. The gnocchi dishes I've tried were all tasty (someone on menupages recommended asking for extra sauce. Do that.) but the winner was a ravioli with pink sauce that's no longer on the menu. This BYOB is one of the few where I actually wanted coffee after dessert (perhaps to offset the wine). 

Service is attentive without being pushy. Cash only which I usually grumble about, but for these prices (the couple/recession special or whatever was perfect) it's ok.
Gnocchi is by far one of the most wonderful dining experiences in Philadelphia, especially if you enjoy BYOBs. The food is incredibly fresh, delicious and generously portioned. The Beef and Salmon Carpaccio is now something I crave on a regular basis! The specials are always delightful additions to their classic menu. The staff and chef are professional, accommodating, and very kind. When you dine at Gnocchi you are given authentic Italian cuisine and hospitality! If you are looking for a beautiful meal with family and friends or a romantic evening for two, dine at Gnocchi and you will leave happy!
Excellent service, food was pretty good.  I actually liked what my boyfriend got better than my own.  But I got two meals out of it and it was pretty cheap, considering.  Definitely would go back, especially since it is a few blocks from my house.
I think my favorite thing about this place was the MORE than accommodating staff. We planned a surprise birthday party here for a friend, so another friend was told to lead him to the restaurant a few minutes after our reservation time so he would be surprised by everyone already being there. The restaurant has a chalkboard, and one of the waiters so graciously offered to run outside to grab some chalk so that we could write a big 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY' message. What a gem.

The place itself is pretty teeny tiny, but they handled our LOUD, wine-drunk group of 9 with ease. BYOB people!! Do it!!!

Gonna be honest, I was so enamored with the place by this point that the food could've tasted like feet and I'd still be all 'YAY GNOCCHI', but everything I tasted was great! Highlights include:

-Caesar salad
-Burrata
-Spinach gnocchi
-Chicken parm
-Tiramisu

Also. all of the specials sounded incredible, but I wanted all 12 of them and I panicked so I just went with the spinach gnocchi. I was definitely not disappointed- it somehow tasted like bacon. Unsure if there was actually any bacon in it but it was heavenly. 

Ps- cash only. Pps- come immediately.
I'm so in love with this place. The food is phenomenal; I can barely put the wonderfulness into words. You can never go wrong with the chef's specials. Simply irresistible. The atmosphere is great for date nights or family gatherings. The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive. I always feel like the number one customer. Sandro has been my favorite chef for years, and I'm so glad he's brought Gnocchi's back to South Street.
I'm not sure why this place wasn't more busy on a Friday night. We've been coming here since way back in the day and I'm glad it's back. One of the most reasonably priced restaurants in the city and some of the lightest gnocchi you'll ever taste. Service is always friendly and welcoming.
Excellent veal parmesean - very tender, tasty sauce. Dessert was panna cotta (lemon) with fresh fruit. Very good and perfect on a hot summer evening. Great service, nice people. Highly recommend!
Best meal in philly in a long while. Loved the octopus, carpaccio , and calamari app. Tuna main course was fabulous. The service excellent too!!
A very warm and inviting staff. We highly recommend it.
Finally visited Gnocchi last night, and shame on us for not going sooner. We had a wonderful meal! 

Now, full disclosure: Amy and I are very friendly with the owner. That said, I will tell you we received no special considerations, bonuses or anything else like that. We were served the same as everyone else.

The food was really good. I am 100% Italian and have had some bangin' red gravy in my day, and Gnocchi held its own. From the homemade, dense, crusty, warm bread to the light-as-air homemade tiramisu, everything was good. I ordered poorly on the appetizer side, going with the fried seafood app. I was expecting something more akin to Dmitri's crack-like sautéed mussels. My bad. Amy had her favorite dish of all time, the caprese. The tomatoes were amazing, but really, living as close as we do to Jersey, wonderful tomatoes should be the standard this time of year. Unfortunately not every restaurateur gets that. The buffalo mozz was flavorful and creamy, perfectly firm.

The gnocchi themselves were like cherub pillows. Amy had the Alfredo-style tres formaggio, with mushrooms, roasted red peppers and raddicchio. Really nice. 

They had eggplant parm as an addition last night. Homemade, with sicilian eggplant (hard to find), the same delicious buffalo mozz and homemade red gravy. Melted in my mouth. Best I have ever tasted. Amy agreed. We thought about it all day today. We, we are pathetic.

The service was perfect. Friendly, cheerful, knowledgeable and sweet.

The atmosphere was fine. I did not hear any bad music.

Can't wait to go back!
I love the husband and wife team who own this place. They talk to you in Italian sometimes, too. The food here, no doubt, is great. And although the location off South Street isn't stellar, their pasta and dessert dishes make up for it.

Every time I've come here it is always packed with chatter and lots of people with bottles of wine. Definitely give this a try and don't miss the tiramisu.
Had an awesome meal here. Will definitely be back. 
An early snafu with our server bringing us very stale inedible bread to the table. Looked like rye bread that was at least a week old. They remedied the situation by bringing out a piping hot bread basket. And gave us dessert on the house for the inconvenience. The food was absolutely terrific. I rarely rate 5 stars but in this case it is well-deserved.
ZERO STARS. I arrived on time for my 8 party reservation to find a packed restaurant and two other large reservations waiting to be seated. All three parties were told by management that they would not honor our reservations and when I asked for an explanation I was yelled at repeatedly by the staff. They claimed that other parties (already seated and being served) threatened to fight them- leaving the three large parties who made reservations to suffer the consequences. This was by far the worst experience I have had with customer service and the way it was handled was beyond inappropriate. 

The food looked good though I am obviously not able to comment because I did not have the opportunity to try it. Needless to say, I will not be back.
This cozy BYO has been the starting place for many memorable(and not so easy to remember) nights for my friends and I.  My girlfriends and I love to start a girls night out here, but it also is cozy enough for a date(providing you dont end up sitting next to my friends and I who can get alittle loud after too much wine).  Located right off South Street isnt the nicest location, but it is close enough to old city to walk on a nice night or a quick cab.  

I am a creature of habit so I almost always get the Chicken Saltimbucca with a Caprese salad to start(its good to share).  I love the homemade gnocchi's that come with most meals or as a meal themselves.  I've never made it to dessert but I hear great things. 

I always recommend this spot to out of towners. I have been there countless times and can't think of one time I was dissapointed. Dont forget to bring your wine...we once had a table buy one of our bottles off us!   

Oh and bring cash...its all they take.
This place is great! The menu is amazing with delicious specials. This byob has a crazy pre fix menu! I totally recommend to try, it's 4 course family style your own choice of entree with dessert! $35pp!! I'm in! The service is amazing, one of the best staff in the city!
what can i say this little byob is so nice and walter the owner is so nice thet have a nice menu plus they dont rush you out there gravy is very nice too enjoy you feel like you are in italy mitchell
The gnocchi are so fresh! Try the one with mushrooms and sun dried tomatoes in a cream sauce. It's also an added bonus that it's byob.
Went here this year for my birthday dinner. It was great, we brought our own wine and the did the weeknight couple $25 deal. Defintiely the best value for italian food I have had yet. The portions were not the usual huge that you get at most places that are italian, which I was quite happy about. For the $25 we each had small starter salads, gnocchi and shared a dessert. It was the perfect amount of food for a weeknight dinner. 

I was a little nervous when we walked up to the place and there was no one else dining, but don't be afraid. After we sat down, a few other tables came in as well. It was freezing out, so I assume most people were hiding from the cold.

The waitresses were very nice, you can tell that they are not from America originially, which I think adds to the charm of the place.

All in all it was a great, tasty, well priced meal. 

We will definitely be going back
Gnocchi is a go to for my friend and I, I realize i write overwhelmingly of the italian BYO scene and Gnocchi is a always solid choice.  The food is great, and it all comes with a side of the gnocchi of the day (i think, or i've had a few dishes that did) and it's always amazing.  And i don't feel like i have to order the gnocchi b/c I'll have a taste anyway.  I haven't had any negative wait staff experiences except for that it does get very crowded so sometimes you feel a bit hurried, but I can't begrudge the next party their delicious dinner if i've had ample time to eat my own can I? Also, one of the more reasonable spots! I hear the 2 for $25 is great! I have to check it out!

Four stars for multiple solid experiences and fantastic meals!
This place is a hidden gem, food here is authentic Italian, the place is a little small,  but the staff did everything to accommodate our large party,  our table shared the appetizers everything was delicious, I had the whole fish with the side of gnocchi, I will definitely be going back!
The food was tasteless... I've never had eggplant Parmesan that I had to pour salt onto. The mushroom and mozzarella appetizer was ok but nothing special. Gnocchi came with my meal and also had no taste. Definitely won't return.
Came here with 3 high school friends and we were blown away by the freshness of the gnocchi, friendliness of the service and coziness of the establishment. Its a very packed restaurant so get a reservation!

We brought our own wines which they uncorked and put in an ice bucket. The gnocchi was creamy, enough to feed 2 people, fresh and delicious! We got a late dinner and they allowed us to stay past closing time (thank you so much). The service made us feel at home and gave an impeccable review of the entire menu, it felt like being in an Italian home. 

Cash only, and located near great other lively pubs, spots close to south street for post dinner fun.
The food is seriously out of this world. Authentic Italian food with fresh fish and fresh cuts of chicken and veal. The Gnocchi Verde (Spinach Gnocchi) in Alfredo Blush sauce is in all seriousness one of the best meals I've ever had. The service is always great, and the portions are always the perfect size.

The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is I think it's completely bizarre for a BYOB to not even serve Soda. Like...seriously?
Took a date to dinner here last night and it was the perfect evening. The wait staff was amazingly attentive and added to the evening.  Our waters never made it below the half way mark without being filled, and there was not enough they could do to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. For dinner I had the Salmon which was cooked perfectly. We brought a Shiraz/Merlot mixture and the food and wine complimented each other quite nicely. We split the panna cotta for dessert and we ended up ordering a second one.  The place itself has a charming, comfortable atmosphere with music softly in the background that takes you back to Italy.  I can not wait to try more of the menu.
After coming here last weekend for the first time, I had to share the experience with my best pal visiting from NYC. She had the Cacio e pepe, a very well made pasta I had tried and swear by. It was hard not having the same dish again, but I went with their Linguine and Clams to change it up a bit. Both were crafted with perfection. We shared a bottle of red wine that they kindly opened for us. To end the experience, we got the chocolate soufflé which was topped off with a scoop of strawberry ice cream. 

Of course, I can't end this review without noting the amazing staff. Ashley is phenomenal and very knowledgeable of their dishes. She was our server and I look forward to going back again!
BEST Meal ....Superb! 
  Gnocchi reopened on June 17. Four of us went there five days later on a Sunday Evening. We were greeted while still on the sidewalk and ushered to a table.  What followed was a dialogue and great contact with the owner chef Sandro......just returned (I understand he opened the original Gnocchi in 1998) after many years in Italy....about 30 miles south of Rome.  He heard that my husband can not do a lot of dairy so he very earnestly said just tell me how you want it and I will make it for you....Sandro also added his thoughts about that day's specials and what he most recommended.  We were laughingly told by the greeter/overseer MISU that Sandro cooks better if you offer him one of your BYOB drinks. We quickly offered a beer and Sandro accepted
.  Wow the results were beyond delicious.  We had a variety of starters including mussels, a special Caprese like salad, and Jewish artichokes (mine)  in each instance there was something special with the mix of seasonings....,you could catch a hint of this, and a little kick of that. You really enjoyed each forkful.  Then came the entrees.....linguine with clams and oil/garlic, rigatoni with calamari and pecorino, veal osso bucco, and whole fish of he day. We all oohed and ahhed as we worked our way through the platters and took a taste of each other's meals, simply superb and I  mean REALLY!  Sandro sent out a portion of Tiramisu for us to enjoy with his compliments....light and delicious.  Will we return?  You betcha! 
 Note they are cash only and BYO. Very reasonable priced. 
  I took several photos but can't figure out how to post them?
I've been here twice and both times have been fabulous. My boyfriend and I loved everything, from the bread basket, caesar salad, mushroom portobello, meatballs, gnocchi, chicken parmesan, and dessert selections. My favorite is the spinach gnocchi, which can't be compared to anything else I've ever tried...it's seriously the best! Throughout the meal, my boyfriend also kept reiterating how the chicken parm was the best he's ever had. 
On top of the food, the staff are amazing-super friendly and just want you to ENJOY. 
The prices are great and very reasonable. 
I also LOVE that Gnocchi is BYOB!
Will definitely be coming back here, can't wait for more!
The owner/chef is amazing!  Always order the special gnocchi (Pumpkin gnocchi in Fall? Yes, please!) or whatever meat special is available (veal, pork, etc.).  Delicious every time!  The mussels are one of my personal favorites.  The service is great, the atmosphere is charming, the food is stellar, the prices are affordable, and it's a BYOB.  Perfect spot for a date, outing with family or friends, or take-out.
I've been here a few times and I always forget that it's a pretty solid place. The food is well made, and the menu is huge.

They also do this prix fixe menu that is massive. It's 5 courses (I believe) for $35 a person. AND it's a BYOB. This place is perfect for a birthday dinner among a large group of friends (which is how I discovered it 4 years ago), or any other event where multiple people will be dining.
Really excellent since it was taken over by the original owner. Six of us had the $40.00 dinner which includes everything and all top quality. We had grilled calamari (extremely tender) mussels in red sauce, Burrata, portobello mushrooms for appetizers. Then great pumpkin gnocchi for a second course . Then we got entrees- pompano filleted at the table, homemade lasagna and pork loin were fabulous. Then a dessert tray with tiramisu and gelato. And it's a Byo. Great evening
We showed up with a reservation for 10 on a Saturday night, which we had also confirmed the day before, and we're basically told our table had been given away because another reservation had shown up with more people than expected. There were also two other large parties with reservations at the same time as us that were told the same thing. The lady in charge that night was extremely rude in dealing with us and dealt with the whole situation very poorly. Even worse was that it was a byob so we had all already bought bottles of wine that basically went to waste at that point. Luckily we were able to walk down the street to Nomad and get a table where we were treated like actual customers.
Zero stars. Made a reservation and they gave away our table. We showed up on time for our 8 person 8pm reservation and were told we could not be seated because an earlier reservation had shown up with 5 extra ppl. There wasn't even an offer to seat us later. Two other parties with reservations had the same experience. Apparently the owner was out of the country and the wait staff who was left in charge had no ability to manage a restaurant. Will never recommend or return.
Flawless from beginning to end. We did the Chef's tasting menu. There was not one thing that wasn't fantastic. All 10 of us were super impressed and can't wait for another occasion to be back.
We had a wonderful experience at Gnocchi. We had a birthday celebration for 21 people and they were able to accommodate us. The food was great. We were actually full just from the tasting menu consisting of 6 appetizers and second course (gnocchi). The price was very reasonable for everything (tasting menu and entree). The staff were also very helpful. We love the ambiance and the personal touches we received from them.

Their gnocchi is pillowy. The meatballs are great as well as the mussels and the cheese course (the burrata was really creamy). The Caesar salad is also well balanced in flavor. We also love the sautéed escarole that came with our entrees which are also good. We would come back again. But next time we will make sure we bring more wine.
This was our New Year's Eve destination for dinner. It's BYOB, and the menu featured a four course meal for $45 - you'd be hard pressed to do much better unless you're staying in.

But there just wasn't much special about this place. It was tightly packed - a busy night, obviously, but just a little uncomfortable. Our server was fine but she had a helper who knocked over a glass at out table and then acted like she hadn't been anywhere near it. And the food was mostly good - but either my filet was mislabeled, or it was the toughest filet I've ever had.

There are way too many phenomenal Italian places around for this place to ever cross my mind again. No offense.
I'm by no means a restaurant critic but, in my opinion, the only thing going for Gnocchi is that its pretty cute and very reasonably priced. Although Antipasta Misto at $8 was an absolute waste of an appetizer as it only contained about three slices of some sort of an Italian meat and three "shavings" of cheese served over some greens. 

The 5 of us walked in on a Friday night and were immediately. Gnocchi is a pretty small place so it should have risen a red flag right off the bat. The place was pretty adorable, finished with Italian murals on the walls and dim lighting.

Cozze Al Manicomto (mussels) were as promised pretty generous, however we had to send them back as they did not smell or taste good. Although, as explained by the waitress, this was not the restaurants fault, I beg the differ. If I'm the head chef and I order the "larger", as they explained, mussels that were really full of excrement which resulted in the foul smell and taste, I would NOT serve them. The waitress admitted that the mussels were sent back several times that night. Funny thing is, the mussels kept coming back in at least three other dishes that we ordered.

The Calamari was pretty light and delicious. The pasta however, proved to be nothing special. Although it was tasty, it was very average. The parmesan alfrado sauce in my Gnocchi Verde proved to be a little on the heavy side. I'm not being picky at this point but will still mention that Alla Saltimbocca was a little too salty for my taste, although im sure it was due to the prosciutto and it was probably supposed to be that way.
I screwed up big time on new yrs eve and were scrambling for a table for 2 at 9pm and wondering around the area with bottles of wine (our normal BYO was closed and I didn't call ahead like I was told to do numerous times)... I called a few places and they pretty much laughed at me. I'm grateful because it brought us to Gnocchi!! We showed up expecting to be stuffed in a corner and rushed. Not true at all! Staff made us fell very welcome and spent time going over their pre fixe menu with us. The food was outstanding. Octopus was to die for, which isn't on their regular menu but is often a special I was told. The gnocchi was out of this world, so light and fluffy. We cant wait to go back.
I went here last night on Yelp's recommendation and was less-than-impressed. 

First off, I should mention (at the risk of sounding like an idiot, which I probably was) that my boyfriend and I sat down at the wrong restaurant thinking it was Gnocchi. It wasn't. It was a Kebab House. Gnocchi is small and there's a small sign hanging outside, and the Kebab house was right past the sign so it seemed logical that it was Gnocchi. Plus the Kebab House had outdoor seating and Gnocchi didn't. In retrospect, maybe I would have liked the Kebab House better. 

We had the Caprese appetizer and the mozzarella was very delicious, but my main meal, the Tomato Basil Gnocchi with chicken, was alright at best. The sauce was extremely bland... I even sprinkled some salt in it to see if it would taste any better, and I almost NEVER use salt on anything. The bread they gave us was also bland, and a bit hard which made me think it was old and they just microwaved it so it was warm when it came to the table. Also it wasn't what I thought of as Italian bread, it seemed more like cornbread as it was yellow and grainy. 

My boyfriend said he really liked the food, but I tasted his sweet potato gnocchi and also thought it was boringly bland. 

Maybe if you like cardboard you could eat here, otherwise perhaps try the meat or fish because hopefully that's better than the pasta.
New to the neighborhood and excellent Italian cuisine! The fresh gnocchi bolognaise was fantastic.
the best sandro is back and better than ever,he is from rome when you eat there you are in rome.
If you re in the mood for some good Italian food, visit Gnocchi. The food is very tasteful! They also offer a $35 tasting menu. The space is very intimate. The service was excellent! We left full and satisfied.
Where else do two people get to eat an amazing homemade Italian dish for $25?!?! 
I went with a friend on a Wednesday night and had a blast! Sooo yummy and the waitress was helpful and understanding of both of my food allergies (lactose and sulfites). We both ordered the sweet potato gnocchi as our entree and loved every bite. Definitely my new favorite BYOB!
The food was very good and the price points were very good, however, I don't feel like we got alot of food for the price we paid. Example, I ordered one of the specials (gnocchi stuffed with cheese). $22 but I only got about 10 or 12 gnocchi. They were excellent, and I got a ton of sauce, but certainly was disappointed by the quantity. For $22, I would have expected more.

Others in my party also had smaller portions.

Still, the food was very good.
I'll differ with another reviewer on this one.  A small, comfortable BYO just off South Street, Gnocchi has good basic northern Italian food.  The frito misto appetizer is more than enough for two, with perfectly fried seafood, including calamari and shrimp.  The trademark gnocchi is ethereal and is served as a side or as a main dish.  The only caution is the veal, which could be of better quality; have the same dishes with chicken and you won't be disappointed.
BYOB + Authentic Italian + Fresh Fish + Me = Heaven
I remember when Gnocchis opened back in '02 and there's been substantial improvements in the physical plant of the restaurant. After 7 years, it continues to be an excellent Mom-and-Pop BYO although not as crowded as it once was. And of course, cash only. 

Having moved back to DC, I have to say that it is because of places like this that Philly is a much superior restaurant town than the Nation's Capital. These small places can and must compete in food quality and service alone. 

We arrived early for Philly, at 6:30 and found a group of 18 young bachelors celebrating their buddy''s next day wedding. Although there was plenty of merryment, they were keeping to themselves sort of. Hovever, several ladies with big hair got a table next to us and made more noise than a pack of peacocks in heat at the zoo. I got to remember just how obnoxious a South Philly accent could sound at 250 decibles. 

We sat down and were served by the same waitress that waited on us seven years before. Her English had got much better, although I preferred to talk in my pidgeon Napolitano. 

We both ordered the arugula salad, a very tasty selection with strawberries, blueberries and vinagrette. My boyfriend ordered the sweet potato gnocchi and I ordered the pompano. While the gnocchi was sort of bland, the pompano was just divine. It was fileted at the table and was obviously fresh. 

We washed it down with a bottle of pellegrino and a bottle of good Rioja. 

Overall, this was again, a most pleasant experience. The comments on service I've seen on Yelp need to be put in context. This is a place owned by and run by Europeans and most of all, Napolitans. If you're looking for the "kiss my butt" service expected in many American restaurants, you're in the wrong place. If you want hearty, good food, good European country service and good ambiance, this place is unbeatable.
This place has THE best gnocchi in queen village.  The hardware store guys next door gave me the run down on the restaurant, how they recently just re-opened with the original owner.  Will definitely go again, can't beat a BYOB little Italian place.
Went to Gnocchi last night with a group of friends. To a person, the six of us walked away thrilled with our meal. From heavenly gnocchi (we tried three different kinds and enjoyed the 4-cheese Spinach the most) to chicken, lamb and salmon, everything was great. My favorite was the veal with spinach, tomato and mozz. 

Service was also terrific despite the place being jam-packed. The owner took great care to make the experience warm and personable and when it came to dessert, they presented the birthday "boy" with assorted desserts on the house. The whole place joined in singing, with the chef belting out a version in Italian. 

The place is noisy but the value is beyond belief. Just remember to bring wine (it's BYO) and cash. Credit cards are not taken.
Ambiance is very fun and friendly. Cesar salad was good as well as mixed greens and fruit (look out olives have pits easily confused with blueberries) The artichokes were also delicious. The lamb shank special was fantastic 90% lean for $25. The special gnocchi with broccoli rabe was $18 vs 14 for regular and not really any better. They do not tell you the prices for the many specials of the day and they don't have them written down so be sure to ask so you  are not surprised. Four cheese gnocchi was rich and most filling. Meat sauce gnocchi was the best. Portions leave room for dessert. Tiramisu was fantastic the molten chocolate cake was good but needed to be hotter. Some restaurants make you order this at time of meal, they should do that as it could have been really good. Service is friendly but they took to long to come get order and there were a few mistakes along the way that were very quickly and nicely remedied, went out of their way to assure is it was their fault. All in all a great experience will go back and remember to bring cash and wine.
Simple traditional Italian BYOB, with good food and a very pleasant atmosphere. The menu is standard but I often want good traditional Italian food without bells and whistles or precious novel inventions, and this hits the spot. And when I say traditional Italian I mean well-made pastas, veal, seafood, etc - not a gloppy red sauce spaghetti place!  And it is more modestly priced than most comparable restaurants.  It is familiar homey and comfortable - not a fancy high end gastronomic experience. Service is good, the interior is simple and comfortable. It's a good tasty meal had a good value. Cash only.
Went the other night for what was perhaps the worst tasting gnocchi ever.  It was awful. Of the five of us who ordered, only one ate the entree. The rest of us could not force ourselves to eat the food. So bad. Stale bread. Meh. Such a disappointment. Not recommended.
Came here on a Tuesday night with the gf. Restaurant was empty, but we were immediately greeted with a warm welcome from the host. The place had a rustic feel to it with romantic Italian music seeing a perfect atmosphere for date night.

The list of specials was long (maybe as long as the formal menu, which is rather short) but every item sounded delicious. Apps were passed on included fresh burrata, beef carpaccio, grilled octopus.

We ended up choosing the seasonal gnocchi (stuffed with ricotta) in a sage cream sauce and veal osobucco. The veal was beyond tender and fell apart as soon my fork touched it and came with a side of gnocchi/sauteed greens. And the gnocchi was like biting into a cloud...

Service was attentive throughout and at the end of our meal, we were treated to a delicious homemade tiramisu. Overall, an impeccable dining experience with exceptional service!
Incredible food and service. Get the lamb and the meatballs. Both are specials. Service is spot on.
First off, props to Gnocchi for still giving us a table after showing up 15 minutes after our reservation.  We celebrated my sister's birthday here.  The food is delicious, we split the mussels and portobello mushroom appetizers.  The gnocchi is to die for plus the portions are HUGE.  BYOB, fast service, water glasses were always filled, delicious = win.
CHEF's TABLE $35......Go For It!!

We returned to Gnocchi for a second time, wondering if we would think it as good as our Initial june visit when we had no expectations. This time we brought along another couple who were first time visitors. Missoum greeted and seated us, followed shortly by a visit from Chef Sandro. Missoum advised of multiple specials that night, almost more than the listing on the regular menu. The surprise came when he said that for $35 pp they offered a Chef's Table......for the four of us, that would consist of several appetizers to share, two pastas to share, individually selected entrees including any of the pricier specials, and a couple of desserts to share to finish things off. We decided to go for it and let the food flow. SO glad we did.

We selected the wonderful sautéed Jewish artichokes and creamy smooth burrata cheese with fresh tomatoes as our appetizers....oh, almost forgot a bowl of mussels in red sauce too! Pastas included the wonderfully unique sweet potato gnocchi with creamy ricotta inside, and a dish we had enjoyed in june, pasta with clams and a great oil, garlic sauce. We all ordered specials as our entrees......lamb shank, pork chop with crimini mushrooms, and two of us had grilled pompano whole fish with pesto sauce. Filleted at the table. Lovely deserts followed with tiramisu as a centerpiece. We added some cappucinos for the fun of it.
How did the taste experience compare to our June delightful first visit....wow....no let down at all. Everything fresh, everything beautiful to the eye and to the palate. The magic seems to be with the seasonings.....you experience a taste of several well blended and just in the right amount, there is a heavy presence of garlic in several dishes but that is just fine with me, and with our table mates. There is more magic if Sandro comes out to chat with you as he likes to do. He so loves what he does....you see the passion...you taste the passion. Everything is also very fairly priced. It is cash only, and it is BYOB so do not be in any hurry when you come ...you will want to savor your meal and enjoy each dish and your wine. Come hungry!
I'm shocked to see a review that said "just ok" gnocchi. I am Italian, I ONLY eat gnocchi at my grandmom's because what constitutes gnocchi at most places are hunks of dry potatoes. Gnocchi changed all of that. These little pillows were heavenly, and the sauce was amazing. My husband had osso bucco, with mussels and ceasar salad, our bill was $51. you have got to be kidding, amazing, cheap food? We're going back Saturday! 

Cash only kiddos so bring those C notes. Also, they only serve water, but you can bring in your own soft drinks in.
This was the cutest little place with amazing Italian food. We went on a Wednesday night and it was not crowded.  The service was wonderful! Will definitely be coming back.  Word to the wise: it's CASH only. Prices are very reasonable though!
This review is 4.5 stars. I came here with high expectations after reading a number of reviews stating "The best....ever" I think people like reviewing in superlatives! My fellow diners ordered the eggplant layered with cheese (goat?) that was as artistic as it was tasty, the artichokes-on point, and I ordered my favorite Caesar salad. All were excellent, and accompanied with warm bread, EVOO, and some parmesan cheese. For main meals we ordered the gnocchi with a quite savory red sauce, the fish special, and I went with the veal parmigiana. The gnocchi were homemade, the fish was perfectly cooked and the veal was top notch. Like a child, I asked for a side plate of linguine with butter to go with my veal, and I found out they don't have butter.. So, I got linguine with demi-cuit garlic and olive oil. I got over it! For desserts we ordered the tiramisu and chocolate fudge brownie. The tiramisu was the stand-out. This place is cash-only, BYOB, and doesn't have a website. Worth making a reservation! Very nice staff, and I enjoyed the music. (Not that it was overwhelming, they had a nice selection of songs.)
My daughter and stumbled on this gem of a restaurant when we were visiting Philadelphia from Los Angeles under difficult circumstances.  The gnocci were light as air, the burrata was creamy and delicious!  The specials were enticing, the atmosphere cozy and the waitress and staff were delightful and the prices were reasonable.  Bring cash, and a bottle of wine when you come.  They were wonderful to us.
came here with a group of friends a few weeks ago, we were not judged on our casual dress & our box of franzia. Really cute but fancy intimately small place. Service was awesome, on top of everything, informative and genuinely friendly. And my god the food is SO good, totally recommend this place. Thanks for a great dinner!
The restaurant Gnocchi was even better than expected. It was unlike anywhere that you can get in center city. It is most certainly worth the the uber ride to south philly. We did the pre-course menu that you can even choose your own entrees to! It's unbelievable. The portions are so generous and food so authentic. The owner even stopped by to see how everything was after he cooked all of it. The fish deboned to perfection, gnocchi outstanding. Please venture away from the corporate restaurants and experience done top of the line Italian food. Even the espresso is fantastic!
The food is SO good here!  We were there as part of a party of five, and every one of us thought the food was delicious...'way better than average, and nicely served. But we could not have a conversation. Another reviewer described this restaurant as romantic, and I can see that it could be on another night, but not on a night when the tables are full.  I realize that some of this is out of the control of a restauranteur, but steps can be taken to soften the din. If that ever happens, I would love to have another dinner at Gnocchi.
We had an amazing experience at Gnocchi. The price point for the chefs table was extremely generous. The chef went out to his way to accommodate my gluten free diet. Everything was prepared with fresh ingredients and amazing flavors. I can't wait to return
I have been to this restaurant twice before and usually love the food and experience . Tonight I went and had the worst service. Had a 630 reservation and did not get my entree until 845. Even after the two hour wait the meal was undercooked and not the typical standard. Also, the waitress talked back to members of our table and the entire atmosphere was chaotic and loud. Unfortunately, I will not be coming back here.
