First of all, shout out to my fellow yelp fam Alexandra for bringing me here! Omg omg omg was it way more than I ever expected! 
I'm not going to exaggerate here and say that their tahini shake is easily one of the top 3 shakes I've ever had in my entire life. And I've had some great shakes in my day, but the unique flavor, consistency in the texture, and even the amount for the price point was just GREAT. 
I can't even describe the flavor besides it taste like....tahini lol. And some peanut butter and maybe.
I also tried their falafel and dip which was equally as impressive. The falafel was super crispy on the outside while moist and bursting with flavor on the inside. It would fair to say its the best I've had so far. I so wish there were 7 pieces instead of just five, but I won't complain nor be greedy. I'm so glad to have been exposed to this wonderful spot.
This is. Hands down. The best falafel. 

I really just want to end my review there. Once again, the owners prove that just like with Dizengoff and Federal Donuts, a small, well executed menu is the key to success. The falafels themselves are perfect. They're flavorful, not too dry and perfectly fresh. They are served in delicious Dizengoff pitas and accompanied by red cabbage, the sweetness of tomato, and a crunchy bite of a cucumber. The za'atar fries are super crunchy and delicately spiced while the vegan shake proves that vegan can taste amazing.
Hey Goldie, you're kinda golden! I could just leave my 5 star rating, and the reason I love this place so much with just two words: tahini milkshake. But anyone who knows me knows, this mama loves to gab so here I go...

This uber small, 100% vegan joint (insert the hallejullah hands emoji here) is the latest and greatest from Philly restauranteur and Israeli born, James Beard Award winning chef, Michael Solomonov. And just like of his other spots, this one is an absolute home run. It's up there as one of my top three favorites of his actually. I believe it's worthy of standing in the line you will most likely have to endure if you come any later than 30 minutes past their 11am opening time. 

The menu is simple. A few changing falafel choices including a traditional stuffed pita. Some fries, and a few varieties of those shakes I'm obsessed with. 

On our first visit we opted for the spring onion over the pickled mango which was also available and sounded tempting & traditional falafel pita for the kiddos to split. They were stuffed to perfection with the traditional Israeli salad and tahini making it a messy treat as it should be. It was bursting with flavors are reminiscent of the pitas I'm used to having in Israel. Pita perfection. 

Shwarma fries! Say what? This is as close as I'll get to tasting shwarma and I'm totally ok with that! Seasoned just as shwarma would be with a hint of spice. Enough for the kiddos to handle. Try the 3 sauces you can choose! Kiddos loved the house spiced ketchup. 

Now perhaps my favorite part, and what really has had me wanting an immediate return visit...the shakes! First of all, genius! You mean to tell me there's an all vegan shake out there, it tastes absolutely incredible, and it actually has a bit of protein? For $4?! Original, Turkish coffee, chocolate and coconut are your options. While we were told the most popular is the coffee followed closely by the coconut, the chocolate was the only one our party could agree on. (Just gives me a reason to come back try them all...by myself!) At first taste I wasn't sold, one more sip and I was in HEAVEN! It was sweet but not overly so and with a faint hint of sesame. Do not miss tasting those toppings either! They taste like the burnt marshmallow of a s'more!! This treat is an absolute must try!! So unique!

Service was very friendly! 

The place is cozy, but you have to do the hover game for a seat. The music was pretty memorable for me. Lots of Dylan was blasting over the  speakers on a romantic rainy Saturday afternoon while I looked over at my girls sharing their sammy, as I chomped down on the falafel in my hand. I honestly thought to myself, "I could cry tears of jut right now". So happy to have Goldie in my life!
(even though I've used the song before, this one's to the tune of "Closer" by Chainsmokers because it's too perfect.)

Hey. Thought I was doing just fine before I met you
Never thought that vegan was an issue, it was just "okay".
Hey, you can tell the burgers it was nice to "meat" them
(jk I hope that I eat them again...)

I know it was a surprise
Showed up to the city slinging tasty fries
Making tasty balls
Milkshakes without milk, now I've seen it all
And I can't stop
No, I can't stop


So babe don't need a booster, 
climb the steps above the Rooster
And I know you can afford
My friend's so glad I introduced her

Pita's soft just like a pillow
Off the mattress where you sleep
Oh my word, somebody hold me
Cuz we all wanna eat Goldie's 
(Yes, we all wanna eat Goldie's
Yes we all wanna eat Goldie's!)

CookNSolo shocked us all on April Fool's Day with something much nicer than Fool's Gold. It was the BEST surprise of all. The tehina milkshakes are so decadent, you'll never imagine they're vegan. The falafel balls are perfectly cooked, soft inside, and flavorful on their own BUT I personally enjoy dabbling in some of their sauce mixes. And the fries, y'all.

The fries.

Just get here. And get here early, they sell out fast!
Goldie the falafel spot by Michael Solomonov on Sansom Street has been a popular place since it opened.  There are reasons for this.  The main one being that the falafel is indeed of good quality.  I wasn't wowed by it however - especially as I like more tahini sauce than was in my sandwich (it all seemed to be on the top and not mixed in) .... and the so-called very spicy sauce which I ordered  - well it wasn't very spicy.  On the other hand there are hot peppers and pickled turnips on each table and they do provide a kick.  Water is free here which is nice as the falafel isn't cheap.  But to me the real highlight of my recent meal here was a totally delicious tehina skake.  I had the coconut version of this vegan treat and it was tasty to the last slurp!  Ya gotta try one of these! Staff were very friendly - especially the woman taking the orders at the counter.  I think Goldies will be around for awhile and I wouldn't be surprised to see it pop up in other locales as well.
Goldie, which incidentally is English for Zahav-ie, is the latest Cook/Solo place to open in our city and just another reason for New Yorkers and everyone who lives anywhere but Philly to be jealous. We are now lucky enough to have the best falafel out there. Philly, this baby's yours so seriously dig in! It's located upstairs from Rooster Soup Co. and the facade of Goldie makes you think that Zahav gave birth to a baby named Goldie because there's a resemblance. Inside you will find four gold stools overlooking Samson street and about five dark wooden tables for dining in. But head straight to the back passing the menu on your right (ok, it's easy to miss) and order the falafel. After all it's the only thing on the menu other than fries, shakes, and drinks. Seriously the sandwiches are great. Served in pitas from Dizengoff from across the street (you know those things that make other pitas taste like cardboard) overflowing with fresh, perfectly balanced toppings (ok, so I skipped the cucumbers). It can't get any better than this. Unless of course you add the wonderful French fries with some oft the zataar on the side. And make sure to try the green chopped tomato spread on the tables. It's all good. The chocolate vegan dairy free tehina shakes are as good as the chocolate ones served a floor below. How is this possible? The only downside I see to this place (well for me personally) is a level of angst it creates for me. Do I go to Goldie or Diz for lunch?
It took me three tries to actually go in the correct restaurant -- go UP the steps!

A super-cool environment and a friendly staff, completely non-pretentious like some health-conscious, vegan-friendly places. 

I ordered a Falafel on pita and Schwarma fries. The fries are incredible and the house made Tehina ketchup is better than regular! 

Grade: 92/100

As for the pita, holy moly!! This is an incredibly fresh, bursting with flavor, and well-balanced "sandwich." They load it up with Falafels and the sauce marries perfectly with the fresh veg and tasty pita. 

Grade: 95/100


Go here for a quick, tasty bite!
Best falafel that I've had in this town since I lived in Israel 20 years ago!! The Turkish Coffee shake is out of this world. New favorite place.
My vegetarian roommate takes her falafels very, very seriously. Having heard Goldie was finally open, she was determined to go opening week. I tagged along, of course, but more so I could Yelp about it. 

We waited in line for about 30-40 minutes on the Thursday of opening week during lunch time. The place is very small and only has a few tables and some window seating. But people moved quickly so getting a table wasn't too difficult. We ordered a salad and a falafel to share so we could try both in one shot. The cashier looked at us with surprise when we didn't order a shake. She then offered a sample (brilliant idea) because we immediately ended up buying a chocolate shake. I'm not usually a shake lover but this was very good - creamy but not overly sweet. I would recommend sharing it because it's quite heavy and you definitely want to save room for the rest of your meal!

The falafels were soft with a crispy texture and not too oily. The entire wrap was well proportioned so it wasn't too dry like some other sandwiches I've had. We couldn't decided between the three dressings so for an extra 25 cents - we got all three on the side! The salad was good too but that day, I wasn't feeling super healthy so I enjoyed the falafel sandwich more. But, hands down, the tehina shake won the game.
Knock knock! 
(Who's there?) 
One of the newly (ish) opened luncheonette on Sansom St, Goldie. It's a Falafel-lover's paradise. Go for some all-vegan falafel and a side of crispy fries (with the Shwarma spices), and don't forget to order one Tehina Shake- ridiculously amazing shake you don't want to miss trying.

Five Yelps
Highly disappointed... everything was overly salted. I felt disgusted after eating the wrap/fries. I'm not sure if I happened to receive an over-salted batch but we had ordered: 

1. Wrap with fries & harissa sauce (the red chili sauce) 

2. Wrap with schug sauce (hot green chili sauce which is actually not spicy at all) 

3. Turkish coffee tahini shake 

4. Shawarma fries 

They are known for their tahini shakes. The Turkish coffee was alright and not overly sweet like how many milk/ice cream shakes usually are. If you like sweet shakes this might not be for you. Might come back to try their shake again in a different flavor but the food... probably not. I do want to point out their falafel is good and crunchy.

The shop is small with ~5 party seating spaces. They also have a restroom in the back for customers. 

Overall: overly salty wraps/seasoning, interesting shakes not too sweet, friendly staff, fries nothing special
We ordered food from Goldie's last Sunday mainly because I really wanted to try the Turkish coffee Tehina shake. The Tehina shake was the absolute BEST and the perfect cure for the hot weather. There are some crushed nuts in it, so I wouldn't recommend it if you have a nut allergy. I'm also just realizing there are other flavors like banana, coconut, mint chocolate in addition to Turkish coffee and the original. I can't wait to try their other flavors.

We picked up our falafel sandwiches and Tehina shakes and drove over to the Rail Park for a picnic. The falafel sandwiches were huge and each had three large falafel balls. It was refreshing to eat but so messy. One falafel ball rolled out of my pita pocket into the inside of my elbow onto my shirt. I know, I know. It's a falafel sandwich, I should've brought tissues. 

The fries with Schwarma Spice was really delicious. I liked the little cups of chutneys the staff packed for us to dip the fries into. 

FYI, only the Sansom Street location is currently open, and they're only open on Wednesdays, Fridays and Sundays.
I have trekked through the rain for Goldie and was rewarded, not just with good food, but with a smile and a nod from Michael Solomonov. He was clearly there to make sure everything was going smoothly, and, for the most part, he doesn't have to worry.

Orders are taken with a smile, and pitas are stuffed with enthusiasm (they can only move so quickly). Both the falafel and the salad are great options, but I do find the falafel to be spongier than I prefer. The French fries taste fine, but the portions are very tiny for the price (think two packs of cigarettes). The shakes are hands-down my absolute favorite part of the Goldie experience. They are delicious, completely vegan, and (most importantly) come with a wide enough straw that makes it easy to drink. You can't go wrong with any of the flavors, and if you talk to four different people, each of them will have a different favorite.

Overall, the long lines are worth the wait, and if I am dining with a vegan for a fast lunch, this would be my first suggestion.
I'm a proud meat and dairy eater but I would gladly eat here again and again and again!

There was a bit of a wait (20min) when I came around 1:30pm but it was well worth it, especially because of how incredibly kind the employees are!

We ordered 2 of the tehini milkshakes--Turkish coffee and chocolate. I'm not exactly sure what Turkish coffee is supposed to taste like and the milkshake was delicious but I have to recommend the chocolate one! The tehini gives the milkshakes a nutty flavor that isn't overwhelming or too sweet. It's a very pleasant taste that almost tastes like peanut butter but not as powerful.

We loved the fries with shawarma spice but thought the portion was a bit too small for the price. Would skip these next time.

The falafel sandwich is INCREDIBLE. The most perfect, fluffy, warm pita overflowing with generous amounts of falafel, sauce (I personally liked the harissa, a smoky and spicy sauce, over the amba, a sour/tart mango sauce), salad, and cabbage. I should have counted the falafel but there were at least 5-6! I can't believe the price on the sandwich either--$7 for all of this quality, quantity, and flavor.

All in all, this is definitely going to be one of my go-to spots. Bravo the cooknsolo group--you've done it again!
So good. There's probably a line, but they do try to get people through quickly. The cashier seemed to recognize everyone--clearly a lot of repeat customers.
As for the food--the falafel sandwich was amazing. The falafels themselves were light but flavorful. The accompaniments were tasty. I'm no falafel expert but this was so good. 
I would eat buckets of the shwarma fries. 
The tehina shakes were luckily small because it's quite dense and rich. 
Luckily this place is far enough away from me that I won't be going every day. 
Thanks cooknsolo for adding another fun fast dining option to the block!
Wow! Best falafel I've ever had. Which, of course, means it was a great falafel sandwich. I only tried a sip of a tahini milkshake. Heard good reviews from others and from friends who tried it. I didn't love it, though. The falafel on the other hand, you've got to try it!
I'm a fan of all the Cook N Solo restaurants so I was super excited that they setup a falafel spot. This crew really knows how to make great hummas at Zahav and Dizengoff so I had high expectations for your falafel. The first important question on their falafel was whether they baked or fried it. Lucky, they do fry their falafel so that it's extra tasty and have a legit crunchiness. Not only do they know how to make falafel but they also dress it well in their falafel salad. For a side, they do make great  fries with shawarma spice.

This all makes for my new favorite fast causal spot.
Pretty darn good falafel. I tend to be picky when it comes to falafel - I'll find most places make it too garlicky, or too much parsley, or too soft and wet, or the spice mix is just off. But Goldie's gets it just right - the falafel balls in the sandwich are hefty and crisp, but they don't fall apart. The flavors are well-balanced with no single overwhelming component, and the salad-type fixings served with them in the sandwich are nice complements (though I admit I was expecting a bit more of a flavor punch from the Amba tehina sauce that I selected, next time I'll try the harissa option). Especially when you eat them right away, still warm in their packed pita pocket, it's a pretty satisfying meal.
The space is definitely small but my friend and I were lucky enough to get a table, most of the lunch crowd seems to do takeout. My friend got the coffee tehina shake, which she deemed delicious, but I just stuck with the free water that was offered on the counter behind where people wait to get their orders. The sandwich isn't huge by any means - I honestly thought it was a wee bit small for the price, but the quality (and the location) help to justify/make up for the size. And really, I just got the sandwich, but if you want a bigger meal, you can always get it with the shake, or fries, or both! The other reviews here suggest you can't go wrong with any option.
Highly suggest trying to go during an "off" time. However, it may be hard to find a time without a line because this place is new, well social media resourced, and it helps that everyone leave with rave reviews about the falafel. If you're looking to get delicious vegetarian food for reasonable prices, this place is for you. The sandwich is a good size and good value - at around $7. 

I would agree that more sauce wouldn't hurt and you can order extra (not sure if there is an additional charge), which I would suggest if you love sauce. I got the pineapple sauce and it was delicious. My girlfriend got the medium heat sauce and it was good but definitely not enough, as it was hard to find and taste the flavor of the sauce.

Another thing I didn't love was the layout of the restaurant. The line goes out the door and I don't see that slowing down. When the line goes inside, those standing in line are pushed up against the people sitting down to dine and there is the awkward or space prohibitive dance of people in line, getting their food, and trying to leave.

Fries were delicious but enough fries for the price.
Pretty legit place. This is clearly a hoppin place right now because the line was insanely ridiculous.  We thought we had a short line outside to get a table.  Joke was on us!  There was a line inside the order and then another line to pick up your order. The joint is extremely small so be prepared that people will be hovering over you while you eat. 

The downside- I ordered the medium sauce on my falafel, which I noticed the line chef having difficulty  pumping the sauce out of the container so she would just give up... this meant you barely got any sauce in your pita. BOO! Let's be real, sauces are staples to any meal. 

Also, their menu tells you what comes in the salads but fails to tell you everything that comes in the pita. It's more than just falafel, cabbage, and tahini sauce. It also comes with tomato and cucumber. This may not be a big deal to some, but this gal can't stand tomatoes... FAIL.  I was spitting out tomatoes every bite I took. 

I'll try this place again, but I'll be waiting for the crowd to go down.  I'll also be ordering extra sauce and no tomatoes!
Excellent falafels with fresh fillings!  We tried the pickled mango and spicy falafels, both were good but we both preferred the pickled mango.

Shwarma fries and homemade ketchup were excellent!   Fries were so crispy, even the kiddos loved them.

The tahini milkshake was unique..we went with the regular flavor but there were a handful of flavors. 

Tight seating inside and some stairs to get up...so for the other mommas out there: you may want to fold up your strollers and/or take your meal to go.
This place is so great! Especially for vegetarians. They have amazing salads and falafels. The inside is nice enough... nothing fancy. Just good food.
I'm new in town, but even I had heard of Goldie. Made it over for lunch today with minimal expectations. I mean, how life changing could the food really be?

FRIENDS, IT WAS GOOOOOOOOD. I am a Jew. I like Israeli/Mediterranean food. I eat it a bunch. I have even eaten it in Israel. And yet: this was the best damn falafel I have ever had. This falafel ruined other falafel. Who would expect that a fried ball of chickpeas could be so light and fluffy that it melts in your mouth? So moist and flavorful that sauce is unnecessary? Not I. 

I got the falafel over a tasty and hearty salad that contained seeds, beets, and other wonderful things. Very filling and totally scrumptious.

BUT WAIT THERE'S MORE: I also got the tehina milkshake (original flavor). Now, I like tahini as a flavor, but was it going to work as a milkshake? Yes. YES. It was sweet, but not cloying like a standard milkshake -- rather the kind of ideal sweet and salty combo that keeps you coming back for more, like a chocolate-covered pretzel. Divine.

Basically? You need to go here. I'm already looking forward to the next chance I have to be back in the area; the chocolate tehina is overdue for a trip into my belly.
After a short flight or steps you ascend in to what might be falafel heaven. The food is AMAZING here. Chickpea nuggest of joy nessed in a pillowly oft pita pocket. The sauces are pick what you like and I went with the mango flavored one. I paired my meal with the Turkish coffee milkshake which was definitely worth the calories. Having a tahini base might make you worried but trust the yelp and just get one. They are perfect.

I removed one star because of the wait and the crowd. Even though I'll definitely be back, I'm going to try and avoid coming lunchtime on a Saturday because it was packed! These guys knew it would be a popular place but I don't understand why they had to pick such a tiny location. Shows rent must be more than I could imagine.
wow came at 1PM and the line was out the door still (which is not hard since the place is small) and as i waited, the line kept getting longer by the minute!

it took a bit to place my order and waited to get my food, but seeing the # of people, it's at least good to know people took off pretty quickly.

i had to go back to the office to chow down~ unfortuntely by the time i got back, the falafels were soggy already.. not much you can do there... the tehina covering everything tasted basically identical to dizengoff! great mixture with the cucumber, tomatoes n purple cabbage.  yum!  i also got the fries b/c sooo many people are raving about them and for good reasons!  while the falafels lost the crispy edge, the fries still got it!  n good god, they were bangin'! be sure to get the 3 side sauces.  the yellow curry sauce goes really well with shawarma spices. 

will return but i'm not a fan of that line lol.
This salad is so worth every bite. It's possibly the best salad I've ever had. Falafel fresh too. I also tried their original tahini shake, without the added simple syrup. Because it's naturally very sweet. They let you sample before you buy. It was phenomenal!!!!! Don't pass up on the original tahini shake!
Visited this local restaurant in Downtown Philly and loved it! I ordered the Falafel Salad which was very fresh, tasty and exploding with flavors. The salad comes with a decent amount of falafel and an assortment of veggies. The prices here are very reasonable for the quantity but especially quality! I definitely recommend coming here if you're in the area and looking for a quick bite but don't want to compromise for quality. Easy easy 5 stars!! Definitely next time will try the Falafel Sandwich.
So thru my church and network a number of us are doing the "Daniel Fast" and thus my diet is changing substantially for the month of January.  Beyond giving up all stimulants (coffee, tea, alcohol) and all sugar, dairy, processed foods and of course, all forms of meat, the bulk of the fast leaves you with is closest to a vegan diet.  I previously scoffed at my vegan brothers and sisters BUT now I have the highest respect!   So why all the preamble when I'm supposed to be talking about Goldie?  Because, while I've been climbing the walls jonesing for some Bar B Que, a fat-ass ribeye, duck fat fries or a good piece of Red Snapper...Goldie made this salad that made me forget all of that and fall in love with a health-crazed lifestyle!  The salad w/ falafel was spectacular...their Lemon Tahini dressing was simply sublime.   In fact, I wanna invite my carnivorous brothers and sisters to give Goldie a shot if you find yourself in South Philly...you don't know what you are missing!
Ok so the food is good as expected. Tasty sauces and vegetables that go into the falafel, but the falafel itself reminds me of what my mom used to make - very good but not what I'd call spectacular or professional. And the people at the register are friendly. But it's inexplicably slow. Watching them is pain inducing sometimes. Unclear how that's possible for a fast casual place. And it doesn't look like they think to drop some falafels in the fryer a few minutes ahead of orders so they are done when you need them. Saw them run out of falafels twice in the time I waited.

Also they forgot half the order. I asked and they said "oh, we didn't notice it". Honestly not a big deal but not great to forget 1 of 2 things in an order
Goldie keeps it simple, which makes it easy to order. I brought my vegan relative here knowing she could enjoy anything on the menu.

Their falafel is good. It's very light with a crispy exterior, not dense and crunchy like some other places. It's filling but doesn't leave you feeling like you had too much fried food. I got mine with schug and it was the perfect amount of spicy for me. I enjoyed the salad in the pita with the falafel. 

Speaking of fried food, the French fries are great. I got shawarma spice fries and loved them. 

I tried a Turkish coffee tehina shake and it was delicious. 

A nice touch: three of us ordered falafel pitas, but two were customized. They put color stickers on those, and the receipt told us which sandwich had which sticker. Classy move; we didn't have to open each sandwich to figure out whose it was.

I will definitely be back.
Just an hour ago, I walked up to Goldie on its very first day of operation. In fact, I almost missed it, because I saw a business with a line out the door and kept walking, only to realize that that line was for the place I was looking for. I don't usually expect a business to have such popularity on its very first day, but perhaps that's because I'm not used to seeing restaurants by Michael Solomonov on their very first day. 

(Side note: I didn't know Solomonov had such a footprint on Philly already. He's behind Abe Fisher, Dizengoff, and even Federal Donuts.)

Even though the line was long, and the popularity took even the staff by surprise, it hummed along fairly smoothly. The staff was very focused but also in a good mood, a million miles away from feeling overwhelmed or overbusy. And, free falafel samples fresh from the fryer were even handed out to us as we waited. 

I ordered the falafel in a pita with harissa, fries tossed in shawarma spices, and a Turkish coffee tehina milkshake. What's interesting is that the entire menu is vegan, but that seems like an afterthought, like the menu was designed and they stepped back and said, "Oh huh, it's all vegan." I say that because none of the dishes are aimed at being vegan versions of something else, they're instead aimed at being delicious and perfectly executed versions of traditional Israeli falafel and street food. 

The milkshake, while it may not fit into that category of traditional Israeli, is so delicious and interesting that you won't even notice dairy is missing. The Turkish coffee shake had an amazingly satisfying texture and complex flavor. The coffee came through with a nice slight bitterness, but that was balanced out with slight sweetness (in fact, I appreciated how the shake wasn't too sweet). And there was a hazelnut topping and background nutty flavor (probably from the tahini) that gave such interesting depth to it. (Depth? Complexity? In a milkshake? I'm sold.)

The falafel itself was perfectly fried and was crunchy on the outside and incredibly fluffy inside.

The fillings in the pita were all fantastic, from the smoky and slightly spicy harissa to the crunchy purple cabbage, cucumber, and tomato. 

The fries, too, were fried to utter perfection. They were all extra crunchy. When my order was up, they were actually slightly cold (which I'd chalk up to not quite getting the timing down between the fry station and the falafel station, but after all they had only opened mere hours before, so I don't mind all that much). But get this, cool as they were, the fries were still perfectly crunchy. I would think that's a testament to how awesomely crunchy they were fried initially. The shawarma spice, by the way, was absolutely delicious. It worked perfectly with the fries. 

For the shake, falafel, and fries my total came to $14. I actually thought the quality warranted such a price, so I didn't mind paying that much. 

The space is pretty small, with seating for I'd guess around 25 and standing room for about 10  more. 

Even on its first day, Goldie left me very impressed. I can't wait to return.
Dat pita tho...

If a falafel sandwich could be heavenly, this is it. 

Everyone's already summed it up. 
Go, get the plain sandwich, with every offered sauce on the side (they're only $0.25 each) and bite into this perfect textural experience.  Fluffy, dense pita, crisp falafel, cool crunchy fresh veggies doused in creamy tehina....


Tip: I went right before the weekday dinner rush around 4, and the place was empty.  I ate my sandwich in peace by the window seating in this gold accented shop.
These tehina shakes are lifesavers for a non dairian's sweet tooth. SO creamy and decadent, it gives me hope that I'll be ok without dairy in my life. So far I've tried all of the flavors and here is my verdict from best to worst:

1) Mint Chocolate - mint balances the thickness of the tehina and the dark chocolate pieces tone out the sweetness of the shake base. Literally wish they had a larger size just for this flavor.

2) Coconut - very strong coconut undertone but it goes so well with the overall consistency of the tehina. The dash of rose or something on top adds an extra tropical/floral touch. 

3) Turkish Coffee - the one I had was not very coffeeish to my disappointment but maybe it was a fluke. With a bit more espresso, I'd imagine this to maybe even surpass the coconut. But gotta try it again.

4) Original. Yum. 

5) Banana. Yuck. Maybe it'd be better without the chunks of slimey banana bc the chunks just make it taste like a smooshed banana I accidentally found at the bottom of my back pack. But then again, I know some ppl like this flavor a lot.

The one falafel I tried as a free sample was very tasty! Will be back for some actual food next time haha
I cannot believe that it took me some long to come here. It's amazing. Everything is amazing. The falafel sandwich with harissa is so amazingly good. I still dream about the fries with the seasoning. But this review is really about the tehina shake. I went with original since I hadn't tried one before. It tastes like chocolate or peanut butter. Or I'm not sure what it tastes like. It doesn't matter. Seriously, it doesn't matter. It's so amazingly good. I am sure there are like 5,000 calories in it, but that doesn't matter either. It's that good. Oh and everything is vegan.
*vegan review*

I'm obsessed. So is my picky friend who once swore she couldn't tolerate Middle Eastern, Jewish, or Mediterranean food. Thanks to Goldie, she's been enlightened. This joint absolutely nails it - refreshing flavours, charm, and to-die-for falafel. Better yet, everything is vegan! 

In my two visits so far I've only tried the sandwich and the salad, but I've made it my personal mission to one day conquer the entire menu. Judging from how irresistible their food is, I estimate it won't take me too long...

The atmosphere is trendy but relaxed with green and gold colour scheme. The first time I went was on a weekend around noon; there was surprisingly no line and ample seating. However, around the same time on a Wednesday, the place was crowded with people in business attire on lunch break. Generally, expect long lines on working days.

As for the food...I can confidently say that my two meals at Goldie have been amongst the best food I've had in a while, if not in my entire lifetime. For under $8, you can order a sandwich- a chewy, pillowy pita filled with tomato, cucumber, lettuce, 6 falafel balls, and your choice of sauce. I tried the harissa, which combines wonderfully with the tehina for a spicy sauce with warmth and just the right amount of kick. The falafel is delicate, crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside, and packed with flavour throughout. Even though the sandwich appears small at first glance, it's extremely satisfying from the falafel and the crunchy veggies; I ended up splitting with my friend and we were both stuffed without having eaten anything else. The only thing I didn't like about the sandwich was that the falafel gets soggy at the bottom of the pita.

I also tried their $9 salad, which comes with 6 balls of falafel on a bed of crisp greens and veggies including golden beets and cucumber, and is topped with a drizzle of tangy tehina dressing, sunflower seeds, and a generous sprinkling of herbs. I thought the sandwich was as good at it gets, until I tried the salad. Going into it I wasn't expecting much, thinking it would be basically a Caesar salad with falafel being the highlight. So I was shocked by my first bite - the tehina dressing was perfectly creamy and tangy with a flavour that reminded me of a yoghurt dressing or ranch, but far superior in every way. The sunflower seeds added nuttiness and a delicate crunch to every bite, and the greens and veggies were crisp and fresh, with the golden beets adding earthiness and sweetness. The falafel was even better in the salad than in the sandwich, because it wasn't soggy from being crushed under a load of other things. I think this might even be the best salad I've ever had; I wasn't at all bored after a few bites, unlike with some other salads, even after the falafel was long gone. As with the sandwich, half was enough to fill me up on an empty stomach. And even though I was full, I was contemplating getting extra falafel because a. it's that delicious and b. YOLO.

So what are you waiting for??? Get off Yelp now and come to Goldie! I promise you won't regret a single thing.
Finally had the time and caught it when the line wasn't out the door at lunch! It was worth the persistence and wait. The falafel is so fresh, you can literally see their clever machine extrude the balls directly into the fryer. Honestly there is so much demand that it would be impossible to get anything from here that isn't fresh. There is no chance for anything to sit around. The sandwich was so good. The pita is soft but has the right amount of chewy texture. I opted for the harrissa sauce and it gave a lovely tangy flavoy. Since I had to go back to work and couldn't go into food coma I skipped the milkshake this time but will be back to try one soon.
YUM!

The falafel here are so good, it makes me want to cry that I can't get them every day (... because I don't live in Philly). Hey Michael Solomonov, you brought Dizengoff to Chelsea Market, can we also get a Goldie too, please?

The pitas are packed with a delicious salad, falafel, and seasoned tahini of your choice. We went for the spicy, and it was awesome. The pita itself is fluffy, the falafel are spiced well with lots of cumin, the vegetables are punchy, and the tahini is creamy and bright. I also loved the little pickled peppers on the tables.

The tahini shakes are super rich and nutty and worth a try.
My friend dragged me over their to try their Shawarma fries and date tahina shakes.  The placed is small and packed but if you can snag a table, the wait is worth it.  The food is quick and delicious!  The wait is also worth it cause this place gets packed! You know the sign of good Eaton' is...a packed place! Their Shawarma French fries (3) are all dat.  Perfectly seasoned and hot and crispy! Try them. We went just to try these fries.  We also shared a Date Tehane shake (4.50) and it was sooo good!  It was very thick and had nuts and was so thick and creamy you almost had to eat it with a spoon.  I'd like to go back and try their Bag O' Falafel Balls (5) because everyone raves about them.  We were to stuffed to eat anything else and wished we would not have had dinner before deciding on the fries as our "dessert".  My friend loves their ketchup so much that she bought some to take home.  It's seasoned almost like a curry.  Very delicious!
Vibes: quick-service, casual, specialized, almost hole-in-the-wall

Tasting notes:
-Schug sandwich: even embedded in a ton of tangy, vinegar-y vegetable chunks and drizzled with spicy schug tehina sauce, the falafel retained a bit of fried crispness; soft pita is just thick enough to add breadiness and keep the whole sandwich relatively mess-free; the herb-y schug packs just a kick of heat as the after thought

-Mint chocolate tehina shake: dark, bittersweet chunks of chocolate are sucked up with the creamy, not too sweet, nutty shake; mint is refreshing, on the subtler side so the tehina flavor is also prominent 

Other thoughts:
-Friendly, fast service even when the line's out the door around lunch hour
-Pickled banana peppers available in the jars on tables
-Tables, window counter seating, and standing counter near the cash register add up to be a surprising amount of spots for people wanting to dine in the shop
I've wanted to go here for a long time and finally met someone who highly recommended it. I'm far from a vegan and very unfamiliar with this region's food (I'm told this is a Israeli establishment) so take my review with a grain of salt.

There aren't many tables here so either you're getting takeout or hope to get lucky. Despite my better judgement I got a falafel salad instead of the sandwich with fries and the shake. All in all it was decent, a lot lot lot of cranberries. The falafel itself was the best part. Couldnt finish half of my salad. I did like the music they played. It's not overly expensive here. I want to like it. Will come back and try the sandwich and if it's hitting I will revise my rating.
Get the falafel sandwich with harissa and the Turkish coffee shake and never look back. Literally don't think twice about your order just do what I say. A couple months ago I stopped for the first time on a Tuesday for lunch and got the falafel salad (rookie mistake) and the coconut tehina shake. Someone told me the coffee shake was the only way to go and on a Sunday evening I found myself there ordering a falafel sandwich and a coffee shake and it was perfection. No further details necessary. Just do it.
Went for lunch with two coworkers. I got the falafel with harissa sauce, French fries with shawarma spice and a water. 
The woman taking orders asked if I'd ever tried the shakes in the menu (I hadn't) and offered me a sample which was nice of her. It tasted good but I didn't order one. I'm glad I didn't because the meal was very filling without a shake. It's 2+ hours later and I'm still stuffed. A shake on top might've induced a full on food coma. 
We got there a little before noon and the line was out the door. By the time we were served, ate and left the line was out on the sidewalk. The food was really good but I wouldn't wait that long for it. Go early or go when there's not too much of a line.
The falafel itself was kind of light and airy yet so filling. The pita was so soft and good and the harissa sauce a slow hot build. The additional filling in the falafel of israeli salad and cabbage was a nice compliment to the other flavors and textures.
The fries were also good. Enjoyed the spice. The bottom of the bag had lots of crispy bits which I love. 
I was never a huge falafel fan but this could be the place that coverts me.
Michael Somolov doesn't disappoint! From the chef that brings us Zahav, Goldie has a bit of a reputation to protect, and it definitely rises to the occasion. 

I had heard about Goldie a while back and had the spot bookmarked to definitely try. I was finally able to get to see what all the fuss was about (better late than never right? haha.) 

Goldie is located just on the outskirts of Rittenhouse Square, so parking is going to be a bit tough. I had to park about 10 minutes away, but that's probably par for course for anything located in this area. Many of the Yelp reviews mentioned that Saturday lunch/brunch hour is packed, and I naively planned exactly for that timing. Fortunately, there wasn't too much of a crowd when I walked up (woot woot!)

The menu is simple, but the quality is there. Basically the menu has falafel (yes), vegan "milk"shake (double yes), and fries (triple yes) - honestly just order the whole menu! I ordered the Turkish Coffee milkshake, made vegan with almond milk, along with the fries seasoned with shwarma. What a delight! The shake was nutty, and had hints of mocha, perfectly supporting the coffee flavor. The fries were crisp, and seasoned perfectly - spicy but not too much that the familiarity of potatoes is removed. It's that perfect combination of fries and a shake, elevated and twisted all in the right direction.

The space is small (especially given how popular it is), and it is longer than it is wide. Definitely a place to take your food to go. If that is not your plan, there is seating - maxing out at probably 20 people (including the bar area by the window.)  

I'll definitely want to come back for a falafel and make this my go to spot for many a lunch hour. Keep doing you Goldie - a new standard has arrived!
Came back to this location many more times, and it is consistently amazing. Warm pita, at least 5-6 falafel balls in the pita and many fresh veggies mixed in.. For only $7.50, the sandwiches are a steal. 

I literally ask about the sauce flavors every time bc I forget (and the staff is nice enough to name them every single time), so here they are:

Amba: mild, mango flavor
Harissa: med spice, roasted pepper flavor
Schug: most spicy (though still tolerable)

Honestly none of the sauces are that spicy but they are delicious! And you can never go wrong with a side of shawarma fries ($3) and a coffee shake ($5)!
Arrived at precisely 11:59 and stood on a line of about 7 people (not bad). I turned around and saw a line growing exponentially behind me. When I got up to leave around 12:45 I noticed that the line was now out the door. Is it worth the wait? For the falafel? Yes!

The falafel TOTALLY lives up to the hype. I would come back in a heartbeat. The salad was the perfect balance of greens, veggies, and tehina. I was thrilled with the melding of all of the incredible flavors. On the table were roasted eggplant (yum), marinated celery (eh) and the hottest tangiest little peppers I've ever eaten (yay!). 

The tehina shake was, unfortunately, a little too tehina-y for me. I get that it's vegan and that's great. Different strokes for different folks. Maybe these shakes are your thing - I just have an aversion to drinking what tastes a lot like coconut-hummus. 

If you find yourself in the area with a bit of extra time on your hands, I recommend giving this place a shot for the falafel alone. But if you're not vegan, be prepared, the shakes are not going to compare to the real deal.
Fantastic falafal, shakes and fries. The house made sauces are a highlight and well worth getting all of them on the side. I expect lines will be crazy for a while but I found that going at 11 the line wasn't bad.
I went to Goldie at 11:15 AM hoping to beat the lunch rush. There were 6 people in line infront of me and 8 waiting on their orders so the entire wait time was only 20-25 minutes (not bad for a new restaurant!) I ordered the regular falafel sandwich with the tahina sauce and was so excited to try it. The falafel balls were absolutely amazing - light, flavorful and nothing like I have tried at any other falafel shop. Great job there - do not change a thing! The reason this is a 3 star and not 5 is because the sandwich itself is a little dry at first. That is because they mix the sauce with a few falafels along with the veggies and dump it in the pita. Then they add two more falafels on top (no sauce whatsover) So by the time you eat your sandwich all the sauce has traveled at the bottom of the pita. So for half the sandwich everything is very dry then goes into extra sauce - there is no inbetween. Overall it was a good sandwich - if you change how you pour the sauce in the sandwich you might have the best falafel in Philly.
You know how sometimes you know something is good but it doesn't hit you how good until you see it through someone else's eyes?

I've had Goldie before. It's been solid. Their falafel is pretty good, and I like falafel from time to time.

And their tehina shake. Oh, the tehina shake. I've had it and enjoyed it and thought it was surprisingly "creamy" (can you call it creamy when there's no dairy?) and delicious.

I came here again the other day when my friend was visiting. I thought she might like the vegan aspect of the shake. Having it with her made me realize how unique this shake really was. 

How DO they get it so smooth and creamy? What is this amazing Turkish coffee flavor with the cookie that is crumbly and just the right texture to complement the shake? Why have I never appreciated what was right in front of me?

Through her eyes, I realized I was taking this amazing shake for granted. There's a reason for the long lines. You don't get something like this just anywhere with no line. Try it. Love it. Appreciate it like an out-of-towner would. Thanks Goldie :)
Owned by the James Beard Award winning chef - Michael Solomonov, this is a no reservations, access to all, quality food at reasonable price kind of a place.
I stumbled upon this place when I failed to get a reservation at the famed Zahav (Still trying) which is owned by the same chef. 

The front of the business is easy to miss, but it is worth finding. Menu is focused on simple tastes - Falafel Sandwich and Fresh Salads. 

The Sandwich is delightfully packed with awesome falafel balls(about 5-6) crunchy Cucumber, fresh tomato and cabbage along with your choice of sauce. You can choose from the four sauces that vary in spice levels. Least to most spicy - Plain, Amba, Harissa and Schug.
I was feeling bold and tried the Schug. It was  quite spicy but I had help from my awesome Banana Tehina shake. 
I loved the coarse texture of the shake and the fact that it was not very sweet makes me want to come back for it again tomorrow. Bonus - It is non-dairy!
Also loved the shawarma fries which was very flavorful and crispy(wondering if they are double fried).
And the Baklava! It was the most nuttiest and delicious Baklava I had till date. Make sure you go early to grab it as you can miss it. 

We waited in line for 10-15 mins for lunch and decided not to dine in as the place was small and the tables occupied.
Excellent falafel wrap with generous portion of falafel, fresh toppings, and a smart balance of smooth, soft, and crunchy mouthfeel elements.

The falafel balls maintained a firm crunch on the bite while finishing with a smooth and savoury filling that had a complex Mediterranean flavor profile. 

Vegetable toppings were fresh and crisp. 

The pita was soft and chewy. 

I found the flavor of the amba sauce (one of the three options) to be just a tad over spiced with earthy/sandy elements (maybe cumin and sesame.) 

I'd consider this a reliable choice for a budget sandwich in Center City. It didn't blow me away, but it was quite good.
I've been under a rock for the last year and missed the local jewel that is Goldie. The line was a bit discouraging, but was ultimately worth the wait to walk away with a falafel sandwich (yum) and the best shake I've had in a long time. 

Since my first visit, I've sampled the shakes more broadly and recommend Coconut as my favorite (sadly, not available in the Whole Foods location). The Banana is good as well despite the questionable description by the staff who mentioned banana chunks, but the Mint Chocolate overwhelmed the nuttiness of the tahina and also had a weird consistency with random chocolate pieces.
Excellent falafel, right up there with Mama's for me although Goldie has more interesting sauces/seasonings. Love that everything is 100% vegan! I would come here just for the chocolate shake. I wish they sold it by the gallon.
This place is a great healthy choice for a decent amount of money check out their shakes I was very surprised I enjoyed it very much. Worth taking a stop by
Serious kudos to Goldie not just for the amazing original tehina shake, but for humoring my need to avoid disposable plastic cups and letting me have my order in the reusable cup I brought with me. Not every place lets me do this, so I really appreciate it when my efforts to reduce plastic waste are supported.
Everyone says the shakes are delicious, and that's true, but that tells us nothing about how they taste. So I was wondering...is original just going to taste like drinking a liquefied version of tahini sauce, straight from the jar? (Eww.) It does not! It also does not taste like peanut butter, and I know this because I have been eating peanut butter nearly every day of my life for the past ten years! (More?) What the original tehina shake DOES taste like: liquefied halvah/halva. That's exactly what it tasted like. If you don't know what that is, look it up. This is the internet, I can't do everything for you!
Hands down the best fries EVER! 5 stars for the fries! The seasoning and crispy of the fries makes them so delicious. I had the falafel sandwich, there was 5 or so falafel balls, cucumber, cabbage, tomatoes, and sauce. The sauce you can pick from 4 different ones. I chose the pickled mango. I couldn't really taste a difference in the sauce however, the falafel were flavorful and the pita for the sandwich was really good, not super doughy and had a slight crispy to it. The meal was so good, I decided to get a coconut shake and baklava after. The shake was decent, hints of coconut milk but overall I can't really describe the flavor of this good shake. The baklava was just okay to me, I'm used to super sweet and a lot of wafers so it was different, lots of nuts and a few dates in it. Overall, affordable prices and a great grab and go type of place. Will definitely be back for more fries!!
Was excited about checking out yet another genius culinary idea of the man behind Zahav and Dizengoff (2 of my absolute favorite places and I crave the hummus on a regular basis).

The pita was the exceptional quality I've come to know at above noted restaurants.

The falafel was good,  yet I can't say that it was "the best" I've had in the way I could talk about the hummus.   The toppings were incredible I must say!   

The fries were all that Yelp reviewers tout about !

I truly wanted to try the Tehina shake,  but it's made with soy milk and I just can't tolerate it in my system (bummer).

Would I consider returning ?   I think so ...

UPDATE:

I decided to take the risk of the soy and go back for the Tehina shake - OH.MY.GOD.   THAT,  in and of itself,  would have me return (and I did pay the intestinal price a bit after and it would be worth the repeat!)

Also had another falafel sandwich,  "Harissa" ... it was actually better than 1st time.
I've been here a few times. The falafel sandwiches are good, but I personally like Mama's a few blocks down better because their falafel is crispier and there is a greater variety of pickled toppings to add flavor to the sandwich. Still, it's a great option in the neighborhood for vegetarians. Also, the pita bread used in Goldie's falafel sandwiches is soft and fluffy, seemingly made freshly on-site. 

If you've never had their tehina shakes, I would definitely recommend a special trip there specifically for those. I have done this many times, because they are delicious! I've tried their original, coconut, and coffee-flavored ones and they are all amazing! Also, the fries look delicious. The growing layer of cushioning on my back and thighs has been suggesting that I stay away from those for the time being, which is why I haven't tried them yet, but you can bet I will at some point!

Service has been good in my experience and I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes, even during busy lunch hours. I think the pricing is reasonable for the location. Overall, glad M. Solomonov has added another food option near my office!
The best falafel sandwich I ever tried! It seriously tastes like a sandwich you would get in the Middle East. I would highly recommend adding fries and harisa sauce inside the sandwich. Also, definitely try the tahini- coffee shake. It tastes as good as it looks!
After eating this falafel, I did not fal-awful, I felt GRRRREAAAT! Baw ha ha... yup, GD help me I made a falafel joke. But seriously this place is no joke, it's deeeeeelish! I am a carnivorous human, and even though all the plant loving vegans are so happy about this place, so am I, it's for all types of human eaters!!  
Michael Solomonov and Steve Cook have done it again. I'm a big fan of all of their restaurants (Zahav, Rooster Soup, Dizengoff etc..), my expectations were high, and of course when my expectations are high I get worried that it will be a let down, but NO NO NOPE NO SIREE BOB.. it was awesome! 
We arrived at 12:30 for lunch, with only 2 people in line in front of us, we placed our order then sat at a table for 2 and when our meal was ready the waitress delivered the tray to our table. The falafel was incredible, I especially loved the sauces. I had a spicy sauce and my friend had the mango salsa. The tahina shakes were OUTA THIS WORLD, I had no idea sesame seeds & soy could produce such a delicious thick shake, it was seriously like a top-cream dairy shake but nuttier and probably a whole lot healthier. The shake is very original and special, I'm giving the shake my golden tier: 10 out of 5 stars. I chose the coconut upon the recommendation of the associate who took my order, and my friend had the Turkish coffee. Both were EXCELLENT and were not over sweet, I may even pop in for a snack sometime and have this shake, super duper highly recommend. I'm feeling like there is some really fresh new-ness here, this shake is shaking things up for me.. maybe they should have a tahina ice cream for desert on their menu or a little tahina ice cream pop cart at whole foods! 
Alright, so the fries were pretty darn good too, they were very crispy and dark and perhaps double fried? I was so stuffed from my falafel sandwich and tahina shake that I couldn't finish all the fries. 
When we left Goldie after our lunch the line shot all the way through the whole restaurant, out the door and down the stairs, wowser. I'll be back again soon, but I'll make sure to come back at 12 or 12:30 again. Me no like lines. Maybe they could put a little falafel cart outside for weekday lunches, to help shorten the lines. Hot new spot, highly recommend!!
I went during the second weekend that Goldie was open and the line was way down the street. Even though it was that crowded, Goldie was worth the wait. Why you ask? Well, Goldie focuses on one thing and one thing done right. If Dizengoff is a hummus-ya, this is a falafel-ya. 

It starts with the same quality amazing fresh pita like you've experienced at Dizengoff. That cradles some piping hot crispy falafel fresh out of the Fry-o-lator. This in itself is good, but add some homemade harissa (Tunisian pepper paste), and some veggies and you've got a packet or heaven. Take it to another level by adding some of the pickles peppers or celery that are available at your table. 

That would be enough reason to go right there, but you can't talk about Goldie without mentioning the shakes The tehina (sesame paste) shakes are even better than a regular milkshake AND they are vegan! So nutty and creamy. The Turkish coffee one was excellent! If you want to quench your thirst, the sour cherry tea is refreshing and a little tart and seemed to be unsweetened. 

Seating is limited, but Rittenhouse Square is just down the street. Eating in the park is fun on a nice day.  

Everything Michael Solomonov touches turns to gold and Goldie is no exception. If you like falafel, just go. Once you taste it, you won't care that you waited.
Sold. A million times sold.

This review is for the milkshakes (VEGAN!!!) alone, because, since I'm clearly an idiot, this was the only thing I ordered during my first visit to Goldie's upon a recommendation from a friend who said they have "the best milkshakes I've ever tasted."

I ordered the chocolate. I was intrigued by the turkish coffee, but was a little worried I might not like it. I'm a huge chocolate fan, so going with the chocolate offered a lower risk of disappointment. 

For starters, the shake was a mere $4. Where else can you find a handmade specialty milkshake (VEGAN!!!!!) that is only $4. On top of the great value, the shake was BEAUTIFUL! Very instagram worthy. That's super important, right?

Now, I'll preface by saying that I'm not a vegan, and this shake is sesame based. The first taste was not bad, just different. A few more sips, I was really starting to feel it. A few more sips, and soon I couldn't stop. I really wanted to slow down and savor it, but it was just THAT GOOD. 

As I sat and sucked down this delicious chocolate masterpiece, a nice stranger sat on the stool next to me, and unwrapped the most delicious smelling, beautifully constructed falafel sandwich. I was SO jealous, and really had to restrain myself from leaning over and stealing a bite. The fries also looked really tasty - definitely not your typical frozen, soggy fast-food fries. They were battered and crispy looking.

I came here on a Sunday around 1pm, and there was virtually no line. My shake was delivered in 3-5 minutes. It was a very quick process. However, I've definitely seen this tiny place get packed quickly with lines out the door. They DO sell out, so getting there earlier is your best bet at guaranteeing a meal. I would suggest taking your food elsewhere to eat it, just because the seating is so cramped and limited.

I can't wait to come back and try one of those beautiful sandwiches, and I'm literally dreaming about my next milkshake from Goldies.
After watching a video from Eater on youtube about this place, I decided that I needed to try the Falafel and the tehina shake. Goldie is a small with limited seating. When I walked in, all the tables were taken, but the tables seemed to clear out quickly. It's a very charming space! The menu is very simple. Falafel, shakes, salad, and drinks. I like a place that is straightforward with what they offer. 

I ordered the falafal with harissa sauce. The flavors were amazing and i felt so freaking healthy eating it, which is another plus! The falafels are a beautiful green when you bite into them and the texture is softy and pillowy. I also ordered the tehina shake. YOOOOoooo! It is so damn good! It is so smooth and creamy, I cannot believe they are vegan. You got to have the tehina shake with the falafel. I'm telling you, the savory flavors from the falafel only enhanced the sweetness of the tehina shake.

Once I finished the falafel, which filled me up to the max, I was able to focus my attention fully on the tehina shake. I got the original tehina shake and it was definitely different! I loved the nuttiness, which was balanced by the sweetness. I was worried that the tehina flavor would be too strong, but it was just the right amount of nutty. My husband ordered the mint chocolate shake, which he thoroughly enjoyed as well! 

After we were done eating, i was so full! I didn't think my meal would fill me up and it did! My only regret is that I was so full that i passed up federal donut! I was a fool!
I absolutely enjoyed my meal from Goldie!

I was really craving a milkshake and fries so I thought this was a good time to finally try Goldie after hearing so many good things about it. I didn't check out the menu beforehand so I took some time to figure out what I wanted but I eventually ordered the schawarma fries and tahina milkshake.

The fries were amazing and the schawarma seasoning complimented it very well. Also, I have tried many vegan milkshakes and the tahina is my favorite one so far. 

I will definitely be coming back to try another type of milkshake and the falafel sandwich.
Unsurprising to anyone, Goldie is a great spot. I appreciate a falafel place with few choices, and the sandwiches come fully loaded unless you say otherwise -- when I don't feel like doing my own toppings combo, this is perfect.

As you probably figured out, Goldie is from the same people as Zahav, with great falafel/everything as a result. When you're ordering, there are only a few choices (plus a couple on an "off-menu" board, for a change of pace) -- for falafel sandwich, you choose the flavor of falafel (plain, harissa, amba, or shug, I tend to get harissa because I forget what the others are). Fries are a cool $3 but super tasty ... you can probably share an order (small bag) with someone if you're like me, but I can also clear a bag myself pretty easily.

Tahini shakes are so great but I have to have room for it -- so rich! In general though, I love that they're on the limited menu, and I love that coming to Goldie is uncomplicated. There're places to sit down and eat in (with a pretty nice atmosphere for a sandwich shop), and in the warmer season, it's great to pick up and walk to Rittenhouse with your food. Thanks for being so great Goldie!
I want to love goldie.  I went a few times and the first few I liked it but recently it seems they added cilantro to their cucumber mix so I have stopped going.  What I do love there are their tahini milkshakes - so good as well as the tahini sauce and the falafels. They do have a 'bag of balls' to go which is just the falaffel. Maybe it would be good to get that and bring it across the street to dizengoff?
Came for dinner on Saturday and it was BUSY and packed!!!! I ordered the Falafel Sandwich with Plain Tehina and it was SO GOOD!!!!! I considered getting a side of fries too but this sandwich is super filling. When I removed the wrapping to reveal the sandwich, it was messy but never judge a sandwich by its looks!!! After I finished eating it all though, my stomach hurt a bit since the falafel is deep-fried and it's a heavy sandwich. Definitely recommend coming here at least once if you find yourself craving "junk food" for dinner.
Oh my god, Goldie has the best falafel I've ever had. Hands down. The $7 falafel sandwich is about as close to heaven as you can get. I ordered it with the harissa sauce, which was described to me as 'smokey,' and it was full-bodied and delicious. During prime lunch hour on a Sunday, there was no line (contrary to the Yelp reviews I had read), and a pita pocket filled with savory goodness was in my hands in no more than 5 minutes. I also split fries with a friend, and they live up to the hype! Perfectly crispy and incredibly flavorful. I can't recommend this place enough! I'll definitely be back for more falafel and to try the tehina shakes!
5 stars for the coconut tahini milkshake alone. I had one for the first time on Sunday, and have been dreaming about it ever since. I am actually a milkshake hater, but figured the vegan, dairy free, Solomonov version was worth a try, and thank goodness I did.  I almost considered hopping back in line to order another after finishing my first one, and I've been plotting a trip back ever since.  Unfortunately, thats where the -1 star comes in.  Goldie is terribly inconvenient and crowded, making it a bit of a nightmare for anyone who doesn't live right around the corner. Luckily we arrived at the perfect time and easily found a spot to stand at the counter, but the place quickly filled up to the point where we couldn't even spot the trash can to throw away our empty cups.  I also tried the falafel sandwich (and opted for the pickled mango sauce), which was tasty, though didn't rock my world quite like the shake.
Order: Falafel
Price: $8
Pros:Amazing falafel, the tahini shake was very unique and pretty good, great price point, really fast food
Cons: Parking (again), tiny seating area (literally less than 30 people)

Thoughts: Still eating our way through the city as part of walking tour we decided to have our second lunch at Goldie (ya, second lunch, don't judge me). We both love middle eastern food, and it received outstanding reviews, plus my wife was excited about this tahini shake thing, so we walked over. It took us a few tries to find the place as it is fairly tucked away from the street. 

Unfortunately, upon walking up to the door we discover that to our horror their shake machine was broken, and we wouldn't be able to try it out after all. Regardless we decided to try the food anyway since we were here. The menu is incredible simple and focused in what they do best. You order falafel in a pita or a salad, select you sauce, and then add fries or a shake of you want. They also had the option to get a bag of balls (falafel balls to be clear). That's it. Nothing fancy, nothing complicated, just straight to the point. 

We ordered one falafel pita to split at the table and sat down. It only took about 8 minutes for our food to be ready, but in the total 30 some minutes that we were there at least 9 different groups of people walked up to the front door, read the sign, made a dramatic gesture and walked away. 9 people. 30 minutes. It was unreal! It convinced me that we had to go back just to get this Turkish tahini shake. 

Once the food came out I got to eat the best falafel I've ever had in my life. They aren't the same size as most falafel, there a little smaller, like the size of a gold ball. The flavors though are killer, perfect seasoning, crunchy exterior, moist interior, and just the right size for eating on their own, or in a pita. The pita cane loaded with some chunky tomatoes, cucumber, lettuce, a generous helping of falafel and then a slathering of your suggested sauce. It was tremendously good and I would 100% be a regular if I lived nearby. 

Given how many people walked away, we did come back the next day to try and tahini shake. It was like the consistency of soft-serve, the flavor of tahini and a tiny amount of Turkish coffee. While it was good, I probably wouldn't go too far out of my way for it. I was far more impressed with the falafel and I really wish there was a lot more coffee involved.
Excellent falafels in really great pita sandwiches. We tried all three sauces, and I really enjoyed all three, with the harissa probably being my favorite. My wife got her sandwich without the Israeli salad because she was worried about the parsely (she hates herbs), but it was very mild and next time she'd probably include it. The fries with the shawarma sauce were excellent as well and definitely worth ordering next visit.
Goldie's falafel salad has got to be one of the best lunchtime salads I've ever had! It's a super fresh, complex mixture of chopped romaine & cucumbers, tender beets, baby kale, and shredded carrots & cabbage, all tossed with a very light lemon date vinaigrette and topped with a drizzle of tehina and a handful of sunflower seeds! Then there's the half a dozen of Goldie's famous falafel balls ringing the border of the bowl--these falafel were smaller than many others I've eaten, and had a particularly light and fluffy texture and herbacious flavor! I asked for a side of harissa sauce, which had an amazing sweet and spicy kick that really brought the flavors over the top!

And what of Goldie's famous tehina shake, you ask? As a person without the biggest sweet tooth, I just asked for a sample and loved the nutty, hearty flavor and icey texture, but still found it to be on the sugary side. On the one hand, it would be nice if Goldie used less sugar in the base and just added it to the customer's taste preference; on the other hand, I could just go to Dizengoff down the street and get some hummus..
I haven't had a good falafel ever, so I was very skeptical of eating at Goldie when it first opened, but now that it's been a while and everyone I know raves about the place, I knew I had to at least try it. 

I got the sandwich with harissa, which is pretty standard, and it was really, REALLY good. The falafel is the star of the party (the party being the sandwich) since it's crispy but soft on the inside, just enough salt, and pairs well with the vegetables. I do wish the vegetables were a bit more evenly chopped since I feel like it was hard to keep them in the pita as opposed to other places.

The quality for the price is kind of why I only gave this a 4. I get it: located in Rittenhouse, it's actual food, and it's good. I'm cheap, and considering that, I couldn't make this a normal visit. That being said, if you're comfortable with it being $7.50, you'll be in heaven here.
I have been wanting to come here for a while. There is one closer to me on Penn campus, but did not feel like been surrounded by students. It is not a very big space, so be ready to just order and take your food and eat at the Rittenhouse park or somewhere else. Fortunately, I was able to save some seats as my husband and daughter ordered. The service was pretty quick and efficient. They use compostable containers and utensils so that is a big plus! I am on a low carb diet due to health reasons, but I do cheat occasionally so this was my cheat day. I really wanted to try there tahini shake so I actually shared one tahini shake with my husband and daughter. It made me feel less guilty I was actually surprised it was not too sweet, mild tahini flavour, and nice shake texture. We got coffee flavoured tahini shake, however, the coffee flavour did not quite come through, but that was fine because I still enjoyed it. 
My husband got their pita falafel sandwich and he really liked it. Hubs and daughter also got fries- I tried few with the sauce that came with it, and it was really good! That sauce is a must with the fries! I tried to be good so I got falafel salad. I love their falafel because these are crispy on the outside, but have fluffy inside. Salad had nice amount of fresh mints, beets, cucumber, dill, and chopped cabbages. It was a bit salty, but it was enjoyable. I tried taking the falafel sandwich photo, but it did not really look appetizing, so I did not post it here. Oh, lastly, we went around 3:30pm on a Saturday and it was packed. Around 4:00pm the place emptied out so maybe have early dinner if you want to sit and eat inside.
Oooo the falafel salad was no ordinary salad! It was filled with a lot of carefully selected herbs and veges, and it was all VERY complimenting. Each bite was fantastic! The falafel was good too, although i thought they were a little small. For my first time trying the food here, I will definitely be coming back.
So you know how they say, "the best things in life are free," but what you don't know is that the proverb was in fact spoken in anticipation of my experience at Goldie. I went in on a Saturday around 3 pm, after I was recommended to go by several friends. I'm not from Philly so I didn't know what to expect from a vegan Mediterranean falafel joint. It was busy and the line was moving somewhat slow because their card reader was being problematic. I ordered the falafel salad, the shawarma fries, and the original tehina shake. When I swiped my card, the cashier cheerfully said "I don't know if this will actually charge you, but whatever." I admit, I wasn't impressed. A few minutes later, they announced that apparently their internet had gone down and they were no longer able to take card. The entire line of people left the restaurant, went next door to an ATM machine, and came back. This was a good sign.

Now for the food. Oh my goodness the food. I started off with the fries. I HIGHLY recommend the fries. The shawarma seasoning is incredibly well mixed and the fries were prepared deliciously. The shake (vegan!) was unlike any milkshake I've ever had before. It spoke to me, telling me stories of time past, about the history of Israel, of gold found in the desert, and of families that have practiced their craft. I dare say this is now my favorite milkshake ever. The salad was definitely good, but it wasn't mind-blowing like the fries or the shake. The most outstanding part of the salad was definitely the falafel. It was crispy, yet delicate, with a crunchy but thin exterior that locked in the flavors with texture. It tasted so fresh. I recommend people check out Goldie ASAP. 

Goldie is a tight space: there are 4 small tables (one side is a booth, the other side has a single chair) and a seating area overlooking window side to the street. 

Turns out that their charge didn't go through, but I'll be back. I am sure that I will give much of my business to Goldie in the near future.
As an avid meat lover, I have to say that this place rocks. I've only had falafels from halal carts most my life, but these blew all that out the water. They were so soft on the inside and crispy on the outside. The salad was a mix of beats, seeds, leafy greens, and more stuff that I couldn't even name. But it was perfect with the falafels and the sauces they provide. Also pour some of that red chilli sauce they have on the side, it adds the slightest kick to your dish. Definitely will be back to this place.
Since the menu (read: falafel, salad, fries and tahina shakes) at Goldie has been reviewed plenty before, I'll just say this - Goldie's menu may be short, but in typical Solmonov fashion - everything is superb and well worth a visit.

Michael if you ever read this, I plead with you to open a Shawarma joint, or start serving them at Dizengoff down the street. 
I need this. Philly needs this.
Shawarma fries and falafels are delicious. I like the crunchy falafel balls instead of in the sandwich, because it gets mushy due to all of the sauces. And the best thing on the menu is the tehina shake. Omg, get the shake, whatever flavor you like. I usually get the date one...it's so good!
Prior to trying out Goldie my go to falafel spot was The Halal Guys on Race St. 
As much as I love everybody who works at Halal Guys and the Food, I've never left there without feeling like pure garbage for the following 3 days. 

I gave Goldie a shot after being disappointed in every other falafel joint in the tristate area. 

The first the I tried was the Original Tahini Milkshake. 
I don't have words to fathom how amazing that tasted and quickly addicting. 

I also had the loaded fries which with how the tahini resinates on there tasted like some sort of spicy cheese sauce. Best fries I've ever had from the combination of spices and sauces. 


I also had one of the falafel salads with a few sauces mixed in. 

Pretty great, the falafel are small so I'd advise to order extra. But they weren't dry and literally fell apart in your mouth perfectly how you'd want. 

I recommend this place to vegans and non vegans. 

Very tolerant of allergies as well (I'm sadly forced to be Gluten-Free). 

One of my favorite spots in the city. Thank you!
F*CK ME their falafel sandwich is mind-blowing. The flavors are so well-balanced between the tomatoes, citrusy cucumbers, falafels, and mildly hot tahini sauce. I can promise you whatever you're imagining won't match up to the actual experience. 

There's only about 15 seats available so you may want to take it to go. Thankfully Rittenhouse Square is only a 5 minute walk away, and there are plenty of park benches to sit down and eat.

Nevertheless, Goldie's is officially my benchmark for what a good falafel place should be.
After bouncing my way through my first Flywheel class
A Middle East craving had come to pass.
The munchies for crunchies, with just enough salt
To summon a sodium-sprinkled gestalt.
Fresh from the fryer, their insides still steaming
This was the falafel of which I'd been dreaming.
Drizzled with classic tahini sauce:
A creamy and nutty finishing gloss.
We gobbled the sandwich down in a jiff
Leaving no crumb, not a speck, no unconsumed whiff.
Around me the salads and shakes looked divine
But without having tried them, I shall not opine;
Instead I'll plan to be back for more
Or perhaps head to Dizengoff's for store-sibling lore.
Goldie is definitely some of the best falafel I have had! Everything is prepared right after you order, so you know it is fresh. The falafel is crispy but definitely doesn't taste over-fried or greasy. You can also add fries or pickles in your pita for $1. I haven't had a salad yet, but they look great as well. I'll definitely have to try one soon.

I've gone during the weekday lunch rush, and the wait still isn't too bad. They are definitely moving quickly behind the counter!

For the price point (about $9), you definitely get a very big sandwich. You will be full for a while!

The mint chocolate tehini milkshake is delicious too-looking forward to trying a new one. 

Overall, I'd recommend Goldie to anyone!
Goldie was among my restaurant lists when I planned a visit to Philadelphia downtown. It worked even better for me as this location was near City Centre where I stayed. I get super excited looking at the vegan places in general and the reviews seemed to accelerate it even more. The place is cute and the place being a take out place, they handle the orders very promptly and I got my order done in less than 5 minutes. The guy who took my order was super friendly. 
 My bad, I forgot to order the most popular raved about - Tehina shake (yah probably next time!). There is not much to order other than the falafel sandwich and balls. I ordered falafel balls, a sandwich and a side order of fries. Everything tasted good to me, nothing extra ordinary. I would rate the place a 3.5 stars if I could (due to the limited options, but the super cleanliness and the friendly service add a 0.5 star.
I  really like their simple menu of just falafel, salad and shakes. Makes decisions quite easy! We got there around 11:30am so were able to order right away and also get a table. The falafel salad was really good and filling, with a very light dressing and tons of flavor. By noon the place was packed! Great place for a quick lunch but the seating situation can be iffy.
When do I not love this place. Correct. The answer is NEVER. Very tasty, full menu for your curb-side pickup and online ordering, attentive staff, reasonably priced, great menu options, and vegan. I do believe this place currently has a delivery option too. My breakfast craving fix up was Tahini shake and pita tops. But I do love its falafel pita sandwich and falafel salad. Give it a try! So worth it!
One of my favorite lunch spots in the city! You definitely need to they there early, there is always a line. But it is worth the wait!

I like the salad but the pita sandwich is my usual go-to. The falafel is one of the best around and is always light and fluffy, never dry. They offer a few different types of sauces for the sandwich. The original or the harissa tahini are my usual go-to's, but they are all delicious.

The "bag of balls" is also a nice size for lunch. You get a bag of falafel with dipping sauce!

The seasoned fries are also awesome. 

You really can't go wrong for a delicious lunch.
Great falafel sandwich , shakes and fries. I love the fries with Mediterranean spice on it. It can get very crowded during peak lunch hours. I would recommend going a little early by 11.30-11.40 to get ahead of line and also grab a table.
I enjoyed the lunch experience.  It was packed which is always a good sign of good food when people are willing to wait in a cramped space during their lunch break.  We were able to grab a table to eat our falafel and fries.  As an avid French fries lover I would come here just to get them but it's inevitable that I would order more than just the fries.  Okay okay okay to the most exciting part of this visit is the Turkish coffee shake.  Wowzer!!! I'm going to repeat what a lovely lady told me when I asked her if it was good.  She told me "If you don't mind being addicted to it and looking forward everyday to the next time you will have one, then go ahead and try it."

The space is small but if you get a table it's a cozy space.
I finally had the opportunity to visit Philly again, and I wasn't leaving without visiting food. I had no idea what to expect from Goldie, but what I did know is that falafel lovers need to visit and that they're vegan! So I found some parking nearby and walked in to find out it's a small cafe vibe! There were very few tables, but some spaces were available so I could sit and enjoy after ordering. The menu is pretty straightforward. I could get a wrap with an option of 4 sauces -- only 2 of which I was familiar with. Harissa and schug were options, but I didn't know what amba or the original would be like. I found out that amba has mango in it, so that was all I needed to hear. I decided to make it a combo, and I got shawarma-spiced fries (because why not?!) ad sour cherry iced tea. It was about 5 minutes before everything was ready, and when it was, I chowed on down!

They are VERY gracious with the amount of falafel they put in their wraps. And I LOVED that amba sauce... I love being a huge fan of mango. The fries were a tad saltier than others I've had recently, but thankfully the sauce, which I later found out was their tehina ketchup, tasted amazing with them. They were gracious enough to even let me get a second ramekin of it. The iced tea was really refreshing, and, combined with the complimentary water, I had an awesome meal. The drive to Philly was indeed worth it for visiting this spot. Next time I plan to try a shake! And I gotta bring my sis and fam!
For years now I've been itching to make my way over to Goldie, but yesterday the opportunity finally presented itself as my bestie and I wanted to grab some takeout and enjoy it social-distancing style. 

Goldie's online ordering system was super easy to navigate and the order was ready in 15 minutes at their cute little front door/pick up table. 

We both had the falafel sandwich combo (sandwich+fries+beverage). The falafel was fresh and flavorful, and not greasy at all. The dressing on the sandwich itself had the perfect amount of spice to it, which was a nice pairing with the crunchy veggies that filled the pita. We tried two of their sauces on the side. The harissa had a bit of a kick and a pleasant smokiness to it. The amba was perfectly balanced, not too much garlic, not overly mango. Each sauce was a compliment to the perfectly cut and crisp fries that came with the combo. We tried both the regular and that shawarma spiced fries - the spice amps up a bit on your taste buds as you continue to eat, HOWEVER you can cool that fire with what I consider to be Goldie's crowning gem: the shakes! 

I opted to try the OG tehina shake as I am lover of all things sesame, and my bestie tried the banana. Sweet baby jesus, those were some DAMN good shakes. I was a little hesitant about a vegan shake, and wasn't sure if the tehina flavor would really come through. Boy, was my doubt unfounded because the shakes were perfect in both consistency and flavor. 

Goldie is the best plant-based lunch to grab and go in this COVID era.
I never knew falafel could be this good. Before Goldie, I always thought falafel sandwiches were all about the toppings. As long as the falafel wasn't dry and overly salted, I was happy with stuffing my pita with beets and pickled carrots and as many toppings as could humanly fit into a pita pocket. 

But at Goldie, the falafels themselves are the main attraction - fluffy, moist, lightly fried green balls full of complex, refreshing flavor. The simple tomato-cucumber salad, lettuce, sauces (amba (mango pickle sauce)/schug (spicy cilantro-green pepper sauce)/harissa), and smear of tehina simply enhance the flavor that already exists in the falafel, making for the most coherent falafel sandwich I've ever had.

It goes without saying that the pita is also wonderful. 

We also split a turkish coffee shake (fun fact: the falafel and shakes at Goldie are vegan!). The tehina makes for an incredibly creamy base and the turkish coffee had a wonderful bitterness that balanced the drink nicely. We each paid ~$10 and were pleasantly full at the end of our meal.

There isn't too much seating and the line builds up fast. When we went around 11am to beat the crowd, the tables were already filled and there was already a line. By the time we left, the line was out the door. The kitchen is small and each pita and shake is made to order, so I can't even imagine what the lunch rush is like! We saw a bunch of people with fries, which looked (and smelled) amazing, and there are still so many more shake flavors to try - I'm already plotting my next early lunch break.
I have heard of this place having big queue during lunch so decided to go early by 11.30 and it was a good decision. No rush and walked right at the counter ordered my food. I tried the falafel sandwich with Harissa sauce (medium spicy). The falafel was really good - soft, fresh and tasty. While the overall sandwich it wasn't the best but was good one. I cannot really say if It was the best of all the falafel sandwiches in philly. By the time O was done eating the rush picked up and I wanted to get their famous tahini milkshake but didn't want to wait so I will be back soon!!!!
Goldie is the perfect place to grab a quick, filling, delicious, healthy and fresh bite to eat! They offer a small but very tasty selection of falafel salads and sandwiches, as well as fries, baklava and tahini shakes. Their portion sizes are on the large/filling side so I would definitely recommend going hungry. I also recommend their schwarma spiced fries and baklava. Their tahini shakes are a tad sweet for me (in general I don't like sweet things) but I would definitely give it a try -- it has a unique/interes flavor and texture. If you're looking for a casual lunch spot or something flavorful to bring home be sure to check this place out!
Love love love the tehini shake it was sooo good not sweet just right.. will try a different flavor next time.. maybe the one with the coffee... love the falafel balls..crispy on outside but soft on the inside... a little salty but its ok.. i dont mind the saltiness especially after dipping it in the tahini sauce that comes with the bag of balls... im not a fan of amba sauce.. good things theres the tahini sauce... but that shake is a must!!! i got mine delivered and scheduled it the day before coz they get really busy..and on the day of the delivery, they also moved the time one hour earlier..good thing i was available to receive the order..
Unexpectedly the best falafel place I've ever been to. Visiting from NYC, I stumbled upon Goldie for a quick lunch.

My friend and I ordered falafel sandwiches (with Amba and schug), shawarma fries, and a Turkish coffee shake. The shake was sweet and creamy with a little bitterness, surprisingly it was vegan too!  Shawarma fries had great spice, and the sandwiches were incredible. The amba is perfect for people who can't tolerate spice and the schug has a nice kick. 

Goldie was busy and I can understand why, the food was fresh and well made, and the atmosphere was clean and hip. I will definitely come back to this place when I visit philly again.
I am super in love with the Tehina shake! I tried the Turkish coffee flavor (the "milk" is a mix of almond and soy) and it was by far the most delicious shake I have ever tried. I loved the chunks of halva in it and the fact that it didn't hurt my stomach at all. I tried the falafel sandwich the next day, cold, and regret that decision, but it gives me all the more reason to come back. I noticed that most people went with the falafel on a salad instead of in a pita, which makes sense. The harissa was my favorite of the dips. Harissa fries were addicting AF too. All hail King Solo.
I am convinced that tahini shakes should be a staple in every establishment that serves shakes. I devoured the banana one since I love bananas. The fries and falafel filled me up and paired well with my shake. The best comfort food if you want to be adventurous!
I'm usually not a fan of mediterranean food, but the falafel pita sandwich is gold. For $7.50, you get a hearty pita pocket, which is warm and chewy, filled with about 6 crispy falafel (not too salty!), balanced with an assortment of vegetables. Chose to pair mine with harissa, and it was delicious. 

I also tried the fries with shawarma spice - not bad but the fries were a little soggy.

The turkish coffee tehina shake was delicious. Pretty creamy (has a texture close to melted ice cream), with a pretty nutty flavor balanced by the bitterness of the coffee. 

Definitely coming back. Don't be intimidated by the lines - the orders come out pretty quickly!
I ADORE THIS PLACE!!! I mean how could you hate an all vegan place that tastes absolutely delicious. The falafel was good and all but mannnnnn oh mannnn those milkshakes  They're thick, rich and perfectly creamy. I really loved the coconut tahina. It was extremely refreshing and Tasty. I would come back just for a shake... or maybe 20. 10/10 would reccomend!!!
There is often a long line, but it is worth the wait.  The Tehini milkshake is the best shake that you'll ever taste. The falafel salad and sandwich are so flavorful. Best paired with some Dizengoff hummus. So good!
