Tonight we were too tired to go out, so my neighbor and I decided to try Golden Triangle. Based on reviews by Yelp friend Alisha S., we knew what to expect. I couldn't wait to try the spice!

Food:
Roti Canai 4/5
The roti was delicious just as Alisha S. reported, however, we agree with her. The serving of curry dipping sauce was small and  was very thin/broth-y with one small potato chunk and one tiny bit of chicken. The roti was easily a 5/5. 
The curry sauce though flavorful and packed with heat was more like a broth than a sauce 3/5 we decided the whole dish was a 4/5

Thai red curry chicken 4/5
This dish though flavorful with a good texture lost a star because my favorite vegetable listed in the description was conspicuously absent (eggplant). The dish did not include my  eggplant nor asparagus much to my neighbor's chagrin, asparagus is her favorite veg. So both of us were disappointed. It did however include red and green peppers, green beans and a few small mushrooms and some tiny bits of yellow pepper and onion confetti. We chose the chicken option. Though there was not an abundance of chicken, it was still pretty filling especially after the roti Canai.

Beef Rendang 5/5
It was delivered as described.
It was flavorful and packed a lot of heat as did the other two dishes. Also we ended up dipping the leftover roti into that sauce and it held up to it. The beef had a nice texture, a bit like top-round London broil. The sauce is thick, unctuous and spicy. I'd definitely order it again. 
Beef Rendang 5/5

Delivery: 5/5
The food was packed well and arrived  piping hot and nothing leaked. The bag was clean- not even a drip! The delivery man was nice, professional and smiled. It was a quick, pleasant exchange! I was disappointed that the roti canai sauce was packed in styrofoam cup/plastic lid. I'm anti styrofoam for hot dishes. No eating utensils were included.

I think we both would  order from Golden Triangle again if we have a hankering for the Rendang - it was delicious! And the next time I've a craving for Roti Canai and don't feel like going to Chinatown, I'd still order from Golden Triangle in spite of the brothy curry sauce because that Roti was divine!
Solid eats, Golden Triangle. And thank you, Yelpers, for the solid reviews which led to my trying this place for takeout while in the neighborhood. I placed an order through Eat24 and the food was ready fifteen minutes later. 

My order was just some basic shrimp pad Thai but it was easily one of the better pad Thais I've had in Philly. My husband started with the roti, which came with a cup of potato curry soup. This four dollar starter is absolutely delicious and a must-get, if you're carbing out on a Sunday (or any day, really). His pineapple rice was nicely balanced with crunchy veggies and great flavor. The price was right as our total came to about $25. 

If it weren't for the $4 delivery fee I'd probably order from here on the reg. For now, I'll stick to pick-up when I'm in the area.
We ordered Pad Thai, shrimp rolls, fried dumplings and fried pork chops. It was staggeringly good.  I would not hesitate to order, nor would I hesitate to recommend it to others.
I placed a last minute delivery order from Golden Triangle for my boyfriend and I after the great experience I had last time. Unfortunately, it wasn't so great the second time around.

Since I was really impressed with the roti canai and pad thai the first time, I ordered that again. I also tacked on an order of pan fried dumplings this time.

The dumplings were alright. Nothing good, nothing bad. The roti canai tasted just as delicious as last time, but I couldn't help but notice the quantity of the curry. Are they filling the cup up less and less each time? Last time, I felt as though they skimped me out on a few spoonfuls, and this time, the cup was even less filled!

My boyfriend and I were craving something spicy, so I decided to get the spiciest level again for the pad Thai. I knew it was going to have a kick to it, but it was honestly unbearable this time. After a few bites and chugging water in between all of them, we both called it quits. 

The inconsistency in this meal was such a disappointment. I was really excited to order from here again and to have my boyfriend try their food, but it was a letdown. 

I'll probably order from here again in hopes that I can relive the same experience I had the first time, but not keeping my hopes up too high.
This was a nice surprise.
F and I were hankering for Asian food, but our first choice was not at all what we had in mind. So what now... Yelpers to the rescue!
What was close? We were damp and starving, and what was open? Golden Triangle 4.5 stars and basically a block away.
Don't let first glance fool you. This is not a run of the mill Chinese place. The food is Malaysian, Thai and Burmese.
As we walked in we saw every table was taken but one...Yay! And the smell of some yummies...
This is nothing fancy but the service and the prices are great. 
The food was wonderful. Appetizers of steamed dumplings with ginger vinegar dipping sauce, and Roti Canai with magical dipping sauce were a great start.
F had pineapple chicken fried rice and I had Rendang (I think I messed up the spelling).
Both were bursting with flavor and exactly what we wanted.
I want to go back right now!
My boyfriend chose Golden Triangle for our Friday date night and it did not disappoint! 

Golden Triangle offers a menu blended of Malaysian, Burmese and Thai cuisine. All the food is super aromatic and flavorful.

We ordered the Sambal Sauce chicken and Crispy Basil Beef. 

The Sambal Sauce dish was essentially a choice of meat cooked with bell peppers and onions with a strong shrimp paste -- on the fishier tasting side if you like that! A slight hint of spice too. 

The Crispy Basil was essentially the same thing but no shrimp paste, just a savory light sauce. Both dishes were satisfyingly explosive in flavor! The sauciness of the dishes paired perfectly with the rice on the side. 

We also ordered a hot Burmese tea which tasted equivalent to a hot Thai tea. It was super sweet, which was fine for someone like me with a sweet tooth. 

Prices on the menu range from $10/dish-$18/dish depending on what you order! 

Overall, the restaurant is clean, food is good and reasonably portioned, and staff is friendly! I would definitely return.

PS: They offer tea leaf salad on the menu which is something I haven't been able to find on the East coast!
Delicious and affordable are the fastest way to my heart and Golden Triangle is both. A friend and I stopped in a little after 6pm on a Tuesday. We had our pick of seats and got to ordering. We split the Roti Canai (which I had never had before, but will surely eat again) the veggie spring rolls (standard crispy rolls), and pan fried dumplings. Each of the starters were delicious and left me wishing I ordered more. My entree of the chicken pad thai was delicious and the portion was large enough for leftover lunch the next day. The servers were nice and kept our waters full. Can't wait to eat here again!
I was craving something spicy and after some brief Yelp searching on where to order from, I came across Golden Triangle. With fantastic food, reasonable prices, and quick delivery and no delivery fee via Eat24, this place had definitely become one of my new favorites for ordering in!

I ordered the roti canai, chicken pad Thai, and a side of brown rice (I needed one more item to meet the $15 delivery minimum and figured I could use this as a side ingredient for dinner the next day). My total was roughly $16. Just 27 minutes later (exact time thanks to the Eat24 delivery confirmation email), my meal was here! Side note, the gentleman who delivered my food was very kind and generous in waiting a minute or two while I dug around my purse for some cash to tip. 

The roti canai was delicious. The roti came warm, although a bit oily. I think this was probably a result of it sitting bagged up for a bit before being delivered though. Perhaps it would have been more flakey and less oily had I dined in. The dipping curry sauce was phenomenal. So flavorful, with a definite spice. I really enjoyed the boneless chicken and also the potato. I was a little disappointed that the cup was not all the way full though (see photo). 

The pad Thai was also very tasty. I has the option of three levels of spice and chose the spiciest. Normally, I would have gone with a medium for pad Thai but since I was really craving spicy food, this was perfect. The chicken was extremely tender and fresh. The noodles were well seasoned and quite spicy - just the way I wanted them! I loved that the dish was loaded with peanuts making for a great crunch in every bite!

I will definitely be ordering from Golden Triangle again, and I'm looking forward to trying more dishes in the future! The one thing I will definitely be getting again and would highly recommend to others is the roti canai!
I ordered through Grubhub.  Food came on time.  Service was basic...driver was hesitant to come to the door to drop off the food.  

Char Kway Teow - was good.  Shrimp paste flavor is very strong and a hint of spice.
Chili Chicken - disappointing.  Pretty spicy.  Was expecting a sweetness to balance out the spice.  Just a very one note dish.
Nasi Lemak - very good.  Chicken was a bit undercooked for my taste but the curry was good, sambal was good, anchovies were tasty, and the coconut rice was delicious.
Roti Canai - the roti itself was delicious and buttery.  The curry was decent as well.
Samosa - do not recommend.  It was edible, but nothing exciting.
I've passed by this place so many times but never gave them a try. I looked at reviews on Yelp and it was a mixture of good and just "okay," but I decided I wanted to give them a shot. 

I got the Pad Thai and Shrimp Spring Rolls. I ordered online via Yelp and it was simple and hassle free! My order was ready by the time projected too. 

The reviews I saw about the Pad Thai were mixed. Some said it wasn't very flavorful and that it had a strong ketchup taste. After trying it myself I would have to agree. It was not the best Pad Thai I've eaten and I wouldn't order it again.

The Shrimp Spring Rolls on the other hand we're really good! They came with a sweet chili sauce and were cooked fresh. Also, it came with 4 rolls instead of the standard 2. If I'm in the area again and am craving Thai food, I'd definitely get an order of spring rolls again.
Pad thai had strong ketchup taste, roti was ok, and thai tea was a little too sweet. Read the reviews and expected alot more.
Hidden gem alert!

My friends and I enjoyed an absolutely delicious dinner at Golden Triangle last night. The selection was an extensive array of Malaysian, Burmese, and Thai foods. We started by splitting the roti and Burmese salad; both were very flavorful and delicious. Each of us LOVED our entrees. The green curry was one of the best curries I've had! To top it off, the deep-fried ice cream was quite a treat! The waitstaff was very attentive and made us feel like we were guests in their home. It was an all-around wonderful experience. I highly recommend Golden Triangle and can't wait to go again soon!
Malaysian cuisine isn't something I know very much about. That being said I very much enjoyed my take out experience here a few weeks ago. I ordered the sambal with shrimp. The  menu indicated a pepper icon which to me means the dish was gonna be hot ! It was mildly spicy in my opinion but you could taste the freshness of the peppers and onions and it was ready in under 10 min. The serving of shrimp was very generous and I had enough for left over lunch the following day. This place is no frills minimum tables and BYOB . My only gripe is the min amount to credit card. Places that do that in my opinion are annoying AF. 

They offer dine in lunch specials so ill may stop in for lunch soon
Eat here. Trust me. I live down the street. Just tried for the first time and will be going back many times over. Had Pad Thai, roti canai, and sesame chicken. So fresh. Fast (like 5 minute wait), and the flavors are incredible. The people are nice. Cheap too. Do yourself a favor and stop looking for other options. 

(I'd add photos but we destroyed our food....)
Delicious Food & Good Service. I went to Golden Triangle with a friend for lunch, it was relatively quiet for lunch but nonetheless it was very peaceful and the decor of the restaurant was simple yet very modern. The television was not blaring and the waiter/waitress were prompt in taking our order and refilling water when necessary. 


As for the food, we ordered the following: Roti Cani, Chicken Redang and my friend had the Shrimp Pad Thai. The Roti Cani is by far the best one (compared to Banana Leaf & Penang) because the Roti Cani is not too oily and it was fluffy enough where it was easy to rip off and dip in the very delicious curry dip they have on the side. It did not crumble up like it usually does. 

Shrimp Pad Thai, my friend enjoyed it as she had no complaints about it and finished it up. 

As for myself, I had the Chicken Redang and this dish took me by surprise! I am a frequent customer of Banana Leaf and I order the Chicken Redang from there quite often, and it is not bad. However, at Golden Triangle, it was pretty spicy but it was not eye-watering spicy but just enough where it is enjoyable with the Jasmine Rice they give to you in a bowl. 

If you ever decide to go to Golden Triangle, do order to Roti Cani as one of your appetizers! This is my 2nd time going and my very 1st review for this restaurant, however it will not be my last time coming here.
Beef rendang, where have you been all my life?  I saw a picture of this dish somewhere and did some quick research to find that this restaurant was walkable from my office.  I bookmarked it for a future day when I "might have / possibly / purposefully" forgot to bring in lunch.

I will say that for a $15 dish, I expected a bit more, but nope, you got a serving of rice in a small bowl, perhaps six cubes of meat with just a few shavings of carrot strips on top.

And it was DELICIOUS.  The beef was so tender it nearly fell apart as my fork touched it. The sauce had a undertone of spiciness that gave it just enough kick.  Sorry not sorry - I ATE THE WHOLE THING.

Best $15 I spent in a while. Noted for a future splurge next time.
Great place for delivery when you want a lot of different SouthEast Asian tastes. 

Not sure what to order, I think we did pretty well! I would order any of these again, 

Fried Burmese Tofu
Fried Wonton
Roti Canai
Tea Leaves Salad
Tom Yum Soup
Char Kway Teow
Rendang
Malaysian Pork Chop
Mango Sticky Rice
I've never dined in here but I have gotten take out three times and judging from the take out, this place is pretty delicious in my book! I hope to dine in one day and I'll give an updated review about that. 

I've tried the chicken pad thai, shrimp pad thai, papaya salad, and thai bubble tea. Hands down my favorite place ti get pad thai. I was never a huge fan of it, but this place got me hooked! I prefer the chicken over the shrimp but both are very delicious! I'm use to the viet papaya salad style so their papaya salad did taste a little bland for me. But it was still good, just needs a little more flavor and spice. I can do the thai tea without the boba. Boba didnt taste that great. 

Overall, I highly recommend trying out their pad thai! Sooo bomb.
What a joy it is to discover Golden Triangle!  This unassuming restaurant in Queen Village right off South Street is run by a Kachin Burmese family.  Because they lived in Malaysia and Thailand as well, they offer up three cuisines - Burmese, Malaysian, and Thai.  This is not your usual combination of Asian cuisines.  The owners and servers are extremely friendly and fortunately what they are putting in front of you is delicious.  My vote for the salad of the year is the flavorful and perfectly textured Burmese Tea Leaves salad.  It is so good!  The Malaysian Roti Canai appetizer and the Malaysian fried pork chop entrée were also both well-executed.  I'll be def returning to try some more of their Burmese cooking.  Add Golden Triangle to your list of friendly and comfortable eateries with exceptional food.
Great addition to the neighborhood!  I tried the tea leaf salad which was crisp and refreshing and the beef Rendang was very tender in a rich sauce. 

The menu is pretty comprehensive and includes favorites like roti canai, Hainanese chicken rice, nasi lemak, etc. On top of that the service is pleasant and attentive. Looking forward to my next visit.
Came here for lunch with my boyfriend the other day because I was craving for pad Thai and not a lot of places were opened around that time so we decided to come and try here . My pad Thai wasn't as good as I thought it would be . The fried spicy squids was good though . My boyfriend had the roti canai (Indian pancake with curry) and he liked it . Overall it was okay . 

Service was great . Very nice and attentive .
They deliver, which is good because I've noticed I've gotten fat and lazy over the years. I ordered from Golden Triangle last night but I can't remember the details because of the fat and the lazy. 

I think I ordered roti cani, but I can't be sure. Definitely some sort of Indian chili chicken which was delish -- the sauce was a fascinating blend of red curry, brown sugar and about 15 other spices I can't put my finger on.

I eschewed a side dish in favor of 2 desserts -- the peanut pancakes, which look and taste exactly as you'd imagine and the falooda/faluda, one of the single most delicious, creatively concocted beverages a have ever had the pleasure of slurping down in 40 seconds. This thing is traditionally made from mixing rose syrup, vermicelli, sweet basil (sabza/takmaria) seeds, and pieces of jelly with milk, often topped off with a scoop of ice cream.

Sounds bizarre. Google it and see. It's okay, I'll wait.

Well that took you long enough! See what I mean? Crazy, right? I cannot recommend it highly enough.

Bonus: You can grab some scene cred just by eating a few of these Malaysian things no one has ever heard of.

***** Would faluda again.
Still great and still really cheap! Best Thai in the city. Order lots of appetizers and skip the entrees . Really a stone cold bargain.
A really welcome addition to this area of Philly. This place is perfect if you're looking for something a little different. We ordered for delivery through GrubHub and were pleased that the delivery time was less than what was estimated and that the delivery man was very friendly. 

For appetizers, Boyfriend and I ordered the Tea Leaf Salad, which neither of us had tried before but really enjoyed, and the Dumplings, which came with a vinegar dipping sauce, which was an unusual flavor combo, but we really loved it. For our entrees, Boyfriend got Pineapple Fried Rice, which he devoured, and I got the Moo Hin Ka. I had never had it before, but I LOVED  it. The noodles and fried peas came separately from the chicken and broth to maintain the interesting textures. It had the comfort food quality of a chicken and dumplings, with Asian flair. Perfect for a rainy night. 

We will definitely be eating here again.
Dropping off some donations to the Aids Thrift store nearby, we stumbled upon Golden Triangle. At first, Burmese, Malaysian, and Thai threw me off a little bit, but after checking the reviews on yelp, we were convinced this would be our next lunch excursion.   The server came out immediately and when we began to order already recommended a few tweaks to our decision.  We ended up ordering a Asparagus Shrimp, Roti Canai as an appetizer, and a Beef Pad Thai.  All of them were amazing.  The Pad Thai noodles could be a little less cooked, but the flavor profile was on point IMO.  The Roti Canai was one of the best I have ever had, Shrimp cooked perfectly!  This is the place to come for sure for a good satisfying meal.
Man I'm late to the party but this place is incredible especially for the value. The quality and amount of food you get just cannot be beat or compared to the other Asian restaurants around. The pad Thai and the green curry are my favorite entrees. The pad Thai seriously is the best in the city and nothing can compare to it.
Looking for an economical change from the usual Asian fare?  This is the place.  Friendly staff, fresh ingredients, and tasty dishes. 

Burmese, Malaysian, & Thai food, but did not try the latter.  Golden Sweet Salad was phenomenal (shredded sweet potatoes, taro, carrot, turnip, orange skin, and grapefruit skin with a lightly spicy sesame sauce).

The Indian Chili Chicken with a complex brown sauce was very good.  The Mee Shan with chicken was excellent.

Non-descript small space.   Also, have take-out and delivery.
Nice little restaurant on 5th street right next to south street.
Their food is delicious and quite authentic.
I came here on several occasional and always received good service and tasty dishes..
I insisted on really spicy green curry one time and it was exactly how I wanted it.
The pad Thai was the best I've ever had- very tangy tamarind taste and not sweet- quite unique.
Prices are very reasonable.
Will be coming back here again for sure.
Probably my favorite restaurant in Center City. We ran into it while walking on South City and have been here twice afterwards. Everything we have gotten have been SO delicious (roti canai always, lasi lemak, curries, mayalasian pork chop, indian chilli chicken). Prices are very reasonable even for dinner time since most entrees are around $10-15!
Great food at good prices. I had the crab fried rice and the wonton soup. It was very tasty. The restaurant is small and cozy. The staff was friendly and quick.
A hidden gem! Their chicken pad Thai is amazing. Have gotten take out and dined in and the service is excellent for both. Their menu has lots of variety and everything is reasonably priced. I never leave hungry and usually have enough for left overs. Definitely check them out! :)
Quite possibly the best Wonton Soup! 

{this is a review that I'm posting to again cause I couldn't leave a 2nd)

I ordered here AGAIN! Still can't believe they deliver here.  Ordered the same thing just added spring rolls. The dipping sauce is delish and they come 4 in an order. 

This place is soooo gooood!

ORIGINAL REVIEW: 

Order Delivery and I couldn't believe they delivered to Fishtown. I'm sick so all I wanted was soup.  But there's a $15 min for Delivery so I ordered Wonton Soup, Seaweed Tofu soup with Vegetable, and Basil Fried Rice.  The wonton soup was BOMB DIGGITY!!! Get it. And you can probably get it delivered!
I didn't eat at this place for too long, but I tried their Roti Canai. As a Malaysian, I can say will much pride that this is one of the only places that makes Roti Canai the way Malaysians make it. Other restaurants tend to make it overly crispy, and in much smaller servings. 

Golden Triangle has a better sense of how it's originally made, and has a much larger serving, well worth the price!
Lunch...had the $6 eggplant Thai Basil with seaweed soup.  Outstanding value and taste!  Will be back for dinner.  Excellent service, too.
This place is the bomb! Veggie green curry and Thai iced is my usual order but everything is delicious. The curry is surprisingly spicy and rich in flavor. The guys working the counter are super friendly and the food is always ready, hot, and delicious.. a must if you're in queen village area!
Great little restaurant for Malaysian foods. We've ordered Nasi Lemak and mango chicken. Both of those dishes were great taste and good portion size. At the end, I've added the tea leaves salad which was not good at all. We took one bite and left it there (wasted $6). Customer service was great even though the waiter wasn't too upbeat. Don't know if I'm going back though.
I order delivery from here all the time and it is always delicious, quick, and affordable. I love the pad Thai, Roti canai, and beef skewer. The food is always great, never any complaints! The delivery is always quick and the guy who delivers it is super friendly and nice. I have nothing but praise for this place. I've never eaten in the restaurant itself, so I can't speak on that, but the delivery and take out food is great!
Overall, we were satisfied with the meal. 

The dishes were flavorful, everything was fresh, it was prepared to order, and they made accommodations for various tastes. 

The restaurant was very clean, and the price point was reasonable. 

There wasn't really a downside; it was pretty much what we expected. And so the stars reflect that - not terrific but not bad at all.
This review is specifically for the lunch special, which I will probably not return for. I was really looking forward to my hot cup of soup on this really cold day. When I asked about today's soup, I was told it was "vegetable." This surprised me, because I was not expecting vegetable soup from an Asian fusion restaurant, and it left me hesitant. I went ahead and ordered the Thai Chicken anyway. Upon coming home, I opened my soup and practically laughed out loud. This certainly was "vegetable" soup, but by no means what you would expect a "vegetable" soup to be. The man taking my order could have at least explained this was a seaweed soup with one measly carrot in it. Even more of a joke was the portion size! There was maybe 4 tablespoons of soup in my cup. Of course this lunch special was only $7.56 (with tax), but when you promise a cup of soup, I expect a cup, not tablespoons! The Thai chicken was good, definitely very spicy so beware. I would consider coming back here for dinner when I don't want to schlep over to Chinatown to visit one of my regulars. However, I will be looking for a different lunch special option that is less disappointing.
This restaurant is a hidden gem. Fresh, dazzling flavors, and every dish is a winner. I love the rendang, sambal; the pineapple fried rice is next-level delicious, and the crispy spring rolls will make you pinch your nipples, slap your face and beg for more. The vibe is mellow and the service can't be beat. Delivery is fast and perfect. The late hours are super helpful. I would invite you to join me if I could. Go!!!
Came here for a quick dinner before a show at TLA. Food and prices are pretty solid, although the portion size is slightly smaller than I'm used to at Thai places. Roti canai was very good. The main issue was that they gave me the wrong main dish. I didn't have enough time to send it back and wait for the correct dish to be cooked. Fortunately, it wasn't too big of a deal because the dish they gave me was the other one I was deciding between.

If you're in the area, I think it's a pretty good option for lunch or dinner, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
Best thai ever!! 
We ve tried lot of thai restaurant, some were ok, some others good, but not consistently good! And Golden Triangle is not good, food is great! And every time it is just perfect!! Quality, quantity!!
It's definitely our best weekly restaurant as we love thai food and we can even found back our memories from the food we had in thailand (I highly recommand their red curry, green curry, pad thai, roti canai for appetizer
We ll continue to be their customers as long as they continue their high quality thai standard
Thank you!!!!!
Service was slow even though we were one of 2 parties eating in the restaurant, and the staff was constantly assembling take out orders, but they did apologize and said they were short-staffed that day. My husband grew up in Burma so we were excited to try out this new option for Burmese food in the city. The thai and Malaysian menus looked very good but we only ordered off the Burmese menu. My friend who is not vegetarian ordered the Mohinga which he really enjoyed. We ordered 2 vegetarian dishes on the Burmese menu which were not really authentic Burmese dishes and tasted like lo mein and regular kung pao tofu, although they were good. The tea leaf salad and roti canai appetizers were good but the roti canai curry could have used a bit more flavor and spice. Overall we were disappointed with the lack of authentic Burmese dishes, even though what we got was good.
Good enough for lunch at work but nothing else. I've ordered delivery a couple of times from them both orders arrived a little sloppy. I ordered their Nasi Lemak which tasted ok but not enough in it to make it stand out. The Indian pancake is a little disappointing, the dipping sauce is too runny and bland.
To clarify, the food is probably worth four stars but the kitchen is slooowwww. 

We arrived somewhere around 6:30 and didn't eat until close to 7:20. I would have been less annoyed if it wasn't clear that the reason was the kitchen prioritizing take-out orders over ours repeatedly.

Setting that aside, the satay was very good, the crab fried rice and green curry both not bad, though on the third count I've been fortunate to have had very good curry elsewhere.

Good food, definitely, and reasonable prices, but knowing that the people in the restaurant are playing second fiddle to take-out orders is irritating.
Amazing food ! Everything is authentic on the menu .. also a byob .. delivery times might vary .. but I would go to the spot and enjoy everything fresh
Have eaten here several times and gotten take out. Food is good quality and delicious! For your local asian go-to you could not find better.
The food is outstanding! The best Pad Thai I've ever had. Everything we have ordered has been great.
The food here is excellent and delivery is always prompt.  They beat their time estimates by a lot most of the time.  They have a lot of dishes you won't find elsewhere.
Used takeout from EAT24. 

Ordered:

Roti Canai: really enjoyed this, compared to places like Banana Leaf or Penang. It's much thicker, and the curry has bits of chicken and large chunks of potatoes. This for sure is a must order. 

Popia (Summer Rolls): never had this before. It's got a really light and gelatinous outside, and the inside tastes mostly of bean sprouts. Did not really like this. Sauce was tasty.  

Beef Chow Fun: good amount of spice and nice tasty slices of beef. Solid, and tasted better than most generic Chinese places. 

Green curry: I liked how many vegetables were crammed in this, it was chunky and less liquidy compared to most places. Good spice and good balance with coconut milk.

Will definitely have to stop by in person.
Must Try:Pork Chop..,One in a while, I went to Philadelphia and a friend of mine recommend to try for Pork Chop. The best Pork Chop every I had.
The food is great and as a Malaysian, I can vouch for the authentic tasty nasi lemak. Service is prompt and attentive. I enjoyed my experience here.
Lovely little hole in the wall kind of place. Staff very attentive. Had the Roti Cani, Thai WonTon Soup, and the Crispy Basil Duck. All excellent! Will definitely come back when either the daughter or the wife's here with me!
I just moved to Philadelphia one month ago and have already been here twice, it's that delicious.
A must try! Great prices and a clean establishment with high quality food, you can't beat it! 5/5 stars.
Golden Five Spice Squid.  We also tried Golden Sweet Salad. Both were prepared with just the amount of spice, and cooked well. Can't wait to try more delicious, creative selections from this awesome restaurant.
Small but still spacious especially for a date and party of two(or larger). The food was wonderful. Ordered the Pineapple Fried rice, Pad Thai(ask for Thai Spicy if you can handle it), plus some other dishes. And the Thai Iced Tea. The service was excellent too.
I've had chicken pad Thai numerous times but this is by far the best I've ever had. I've always found others to be too sweet. They've taken this to a new level.  First the chicken was so tender and juicy.  Second the amount of spice was perfect. It left a slight burn that lasted a few minutes after I was done. It was my first order and definitely not the last.  Just awesome. If I could give 100 stars I would.
Only have ordered delivery so far. It takes about an hour and the food is always good.
Super affordable and BYO. A great place to go with bigger or smaller groups. Their roti canai and pad Thai are delicious. Honestly I've never had anything I didn't like on their menu. Also right near all the hustle and bustle of south street. My favorite Thai food in the city!
Quick service. Choice of cuisines is a nice touch. Quick service, nice staff. Try the satays, samosa, tea salad, noodle dishes and nasi lemak.
We ordered the roti, penang char kway teow, and green curry. Easily the best malaysian/thai place I have ever been too. Will definitely be back when I'm in Philly. Service was great too!
Ordered takeout through Eat24. My partner and I were absolutely starving. Food was on time, driver was pleasant enough. 

We go the pad thai, friend pearl noodles, the roti, and the dumplings. The pad thai was noodles, and a protein, and sauce; sauce that was decidedly not pad thai sauce. It tasted fine but was not at all like pad thai. The fried pearl noodles were much better. The roti was ok, but the dumplings are a HARD PASS. I don't know what kind of sauce they provided but it was absolutely disgusting, I ended up using the sauce that came with the roti just to make them edible. 

If you're starving this will do. If you can wait a little longer for better food, do that.
Craving for something Asian. This definitely hits the spot. Love everything we ordered. I'll definitely be back
I have ordered delivery from here at least twice a month for over a year. The service is amazing and incredibly fast. They usually say it will be 45 minutes, but it has never taken over 25.  I typically order the Pad Kee Mao, which is excellent. My wife orders something new every time and has loved everything she has ordered. The food is hot and fresh and the people are extremely friendly. This is my go to delivery option and they never disappoint.
Thai, Burmese, and Malaysian on the same menu?? Had to try this place to see if they're actually able to execute all of this, and believe me, they are. 

Ordered this as takeout, so I would imagine it's even better dine-in when it's piping hot. 

Roti canal: Normally when I order this, it ends up being a meal in and of itself- here, at $3, you are getting a reasonable, appetizer-sized portion so that you still have room for the delicious entrée(s) ahead. Nice flaky soft Roti, and the curry chicken potatoes were well seasoned and tender 

Nasi lemak: Not the best I've had, but the flavors were spot on, and this is what I'd like to try dine-in. All the classic components: the coconut rice which was well cooked, the anchovies/peanuts on the side to mix in to your preference as well as the chili paste, and the curried chicken here was a little spicy, but not overwhelmingly so. 

Awesome add to the neighborhood.
BYOB place on South Street. This place had probably 6-8 tables. We ordered:

Roti Canai - freshly cooked roti. The curry tasted well too. Great starter. 
Papaya salad -  good amount of spice to the dish.  Has fresh papaya, cucumbers, carrots.  Great flavors!
Beef and Chicken Skewers - the meat was tender and perfectly cooked. Would order this again. 
Beef Rendang- would not order this again. The beef was tough and didn't really include much with the dish. 
Black Pepper Beef - really enjoyed this dish. Lots of black pepper flavor and the meat was really tender. 

Service was ok, but the food came out really quickly.  Great little BYOB if you wanna grab a quick meal. Some dishes are hit or miss, but more hit than miss.
Excellent new spot for Burmese food in the Bella Vista/Queen Village 'hood.

We started off with the tea leaf salad (lahpet thoke) and roti canai.  The tea leaf salad is delish, it is refreshing, has the Burmese cripsies and nuts that I love and the roti is so soft.

For the main dishes we have had the pineapple fried rice, the shan khao soi (a soupy noodle dish, tomato based with rice noodles and shrimp, tasty) and penang char kway teow (flat noodles, kind of a Malay version of pad see ew with seafood, also very tasty).

The service is attentive and the restaurant is very clean.
This place earns a solid four stars. I have both eaten there and ordered delivery many times. The food is freshly prepared, well portioned and yummy. It's certainly not the best Thai or Malaysian I have had but it's gets ya fed well. Their delivery is also timely! I have had the tom yum, pad Thai, orange chicken, roti and some other miscellaneous dishes. All were good!! I would definitely recommend ordering from here! Pro tip: they r BYOB
Great takeout spot. Some of my favorites are the Roti Canai, Beef Rendang, and the chicken curry mee soup. The soup reminds me of a Khao Soi soup that I had in northern Thailand, it's so good!
The flavor profile seems to have changed since my last visit. We ordered tea leaf salad, roti canai, fried yellow noodles, Indian chili chicken, and nasi lemak. 

I did not like Indian chili chicken. The nasi lemak tasted different from most that I've tried and had a much more meaty and fish-forward flavor. The edges of the roti were raw, but the curry dip was still good though a bit diluted from my last try. The fried yellow noodles were fairly bland - just tastes like oil and soy sauce.
