This restaurant has moved to 618 South St. Nicer decor. Also the number has changed to 215-625-6688. 

Love their food, trying to help!
When I made the move to leave my Chinatown home of four years to reside in the lands of Society Hill/Queen Village/Headhouse Square, my residence is in neighborhood identity crisis I don't quite know where I am, I thought that my days of Chinese chow-down were over. Close by are neighborhood grease joints, the kinds of places that call themselves "Chinese American Takeout", but then there is Golden Empress, sweet sweet redemption. Just when I was about to give up all hope, I turned to my trusty Yelp app like a magic 8-ball and said "please, please show me a non-greasy Chinese alternative in the neighborhood"...and with that, Golden Empress appeared with its solid 4-star rating.

4-stars from me too? Yes I know it's just Chinese, but when you can order food that is not drowning in heavy gloppy MSG laden syrup sauces, has a full vegan friendly menu that can rival the menu for meat-eaters, and you can place your order through the Seamless app on your phone so your food is ready and paid for when you get out of work, you've got a combination of sheer excellence. My brother and I had a mutual love for chicken and brocolli from a small place back home in NJ that has closed in recent years, we have tried other places but nothing has come close to theirs, until now. In fact, after ordering and getting my dinner home, I had to alert him that I had found the only suitable replacement to date. Without being drenched in an awfully salty mess of sauce, this was a steamed/lightly sauced combination that has won my affections. Since that first win of an order, I have not found one thing to be a disappointment, from dumplings and hot and sour soup to fresh steamed veggies and one of my all time faves, the terriyaki tofu. Everything is cooked to order, always accurate and has become my new go-to in the 'hood. I have never seen this place packed, but I appreciate that because it probably means you're missing out on some of the best the neighborhood offers...if that's the case then keep it up, more for me.
Golden Empress is, like, the first ever place I ate in Philly when I was fifteen. It's getting close to a decade later and I'm still coming back. This place was heaven when I was a vegetarian, and it's been even better since I "broke veg" a few years back.

The food is the perfect amount of NOT GREASY AT ALL and everything tastes great. I'm pretty sure I'm addicted to the pickled cabbage they put on your table, too.

This is definitely some of the best Chinese food in the city. If you don't believe me, ask one of the many regulars sitting down to eat on any given night. It's great food and a beloved little establishment.
I'll say it... This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in the city.

I generally enjoy to eat in the restaurant because the owner is great, he is always fun to be around. The delivery is also great. Its always fast and it travels well, there isn't a noticeable difference in taste. Also, from what I remember, their delivery range is generous.  

The menu is mostly the general food that you'd find at a American-Chinese restaurant, but they are much more accommodating to your liking. Everything is flexible on the menu as long you ask. The vegetarian menu adds a lot more options for the non-carnivorous. I mistakenly ordered from the vegetarian menu (some how) and it was... of course, delicious.

I highly suggest Golden Empress for your Chinese food cravings.
I usually get delivery from here as the atmosphere is not really comfortable to eat it or the most attractive, albeit it is generally clean.  Today I walked into to place a takeout order and sat near the window watching the staff prepare my food and the food of others through the open kitchen.  To put it mildly what I saw made for a very bad day at the Golden Empress Garden.  There were four men in the kitchen prepping, cooking, and lounging.  One gentleman sat in the corner of the kitchen playing with his scratch lottery tickets and coughing frequently sans covering his mouth.  Another gentleman took care of the orders upfront, exchanging food and money and then returning to the kitchen diving into assist with food prep.  Another young man also working with the food scratched his head frequently and wiped his nose with his hand repeatedly.  The final act in this food preparation nightmare was when the coughing gentleman sneezed, blew his nose, tossed the tissue into the bin and then proceeded to put food into containers and secure the lids.  At no point did anyone wash their hands.  I was so grossed out I simply left and bid farewell to my germ ridden food and to Empress Garden.  I have no doubt that many other restaurant kitchens have similar sanitary issues, but seeing them through the open kitchen really does kill your appetite.  On the other hand, perhaps all of the germ exchange enhanced the food I used to like.  Hope this was an off day, but the kitchen routine seemed familar to the staff.   So sad!
Golden Empress is my savior during late night study sessions. A 2 minute bike ride/5 minute walk from my house- it is extremely convenient for me. This is a good place to go if you are vegetarian and have meat-eating friends to vice versa- they have separate menus.

Sam who works there is awesome.

If you're vegan, ask before ordering- the hot and sour soup is NOT vegan.

I love:

1) General Tso's Chicken
2) Honolulu Chicken
3) Seven Stars and a Moon
4) Mock Meat Ball Soup
5) Chinese Pizza
I try to keep it positive, but not here.

Likely the worst Chinese food I've ever eaten.

Ordered delivery and it took an hour and 10 minutes to arrive. Fine, it was a Saturday night, but I live 7 blocks away. 

The food: the breading to the sesame chicken was soggy and bloated from being contained in the package for 30 minutes. It was bland and had very minimal sauce.  What sauce it may have once had, had been reabsorbed back into the rice and chicken, which further made it soggy.  The dumplings were OK at best, but the dumpling sauce was half water, half.... I don't know.  The pork fried rice was the only thing that was half-decent.  

I will not be ordering from here again.
Look, let's just admit this place is really called "Sam's" and leave it at that.  Sam runs the joint, he knows you by your order when you call in to pick up, and he's always ready to talk about what's going on.  So yeah, this is The Sam's Golden Empress Garden Experience.

Personally, I've never actually sat down and eaten here, but I do always get delivery or take out.  Sam can make anything the way you like it, be it vegetarian or with meat.  The Szechuan wontons in hot oils are my absolute fave.  The rest is your standard Chinese goodness.  Never had a bad meal from here, although I will say if you order a bottle of beverage with your delivery order, they tend to forget it.  They've forgotten mine at least two or three times.  Yet Sam was the man and made up for it and comped me some sodas to make up for the missing deliveries.  Rockin'.

I knew it you!!!
It's been awhile since the GF and I have had Americanized Chinese takeout so after a run, we decided to order in from Golden Empress Garden via Grubhub. Not to be confused with Empress Garden on 10th Street, this is the "golden" version on 5th.
 
Egg Roll ($1.25)

Since our order was at least $15, Empress Garden included a pair of egg rolls gratis (not just one - score!). The egg rolls were crispy and laden with shredded, braised cabbage and bits of roast pork too.

Crab Rangoon ($3.75)

Crab rangoon at American Chinese takeout places are pretty commonplace. A somewhat thick wonton wrapper with cream cheese and artificial crab innards - this was a fairly standard iteration, yet still hit the spot. This is nothing fancy, but paired with the sweet and sour dipping sauce, it provided a satisfying bite. No shame here!

Chicken Lo Mein ($6.50)

The GF was itching for some lo mein and this was a decent interation. The noodles were lusciously coated with the salty brown sauce and the chicken chunks were juicy. Sometimes you just need the greasy, salty goodness that Chinese takeout can offer.

Sesame Chicken ($9.50)

Of course, the epitome of Americanized Chinese food is General Tso's or sesame chicken. We went with the latter. Unfortunately, the sauce was really soupy and the chicken was not crispy, as was advertised on the menu. Still, the chicken was incredibly succulent and the broccoli was nicely al dente.

Overall, if you're looking for decent Chinese takeout, I wouldn't hesitate to order from Golden Empress Garden. Delivery costs only $1 and they get the job done for the most part. Nothing wrong with a little grease and salt in your diet every once in awhile. Right?
Ugh no. Was not good guys. Most of my order is in the trash. Sesame chicken should always have somewhat of a crispy outer. It came soggy and tasted horrible. The sweet and sour chicken was very high dough to chicken ratio. Didn't enjoy. Only thing that was standard and I ate, was Lo mein. I don't recommend at all.
For the price, portions and the vegetarian wonton soup- I'm a huge huge fan!

My boyfriend and I first discovered the place a while ago, but just moved nearby so we have had our past two lunches to go from here. We ordered the vegetarian general tsao chicken dinner w/ wonton soup the first day and the vegetarian general tsao chicken lunch w/fried rice and wonton soup the next. The general tsao chicken is a different type of chicken compared to that at kingdom and other veggie chinese food places, but it is good! The soup is what locked me in as a loyal customer, the broth is incredibly flavorful and the dumplings are perfect and not mushy.

I'll definitely be back! I need to try other things.
Great chinese place just off South Street. They have a separate vegetarian menu that is pretty extensive. While eating in doesn't look all that appealing, the waiter is actually charming and attentive. The food is always good. I think their scallion pancakes are my new favorite food. 

If you order take out be prepared for fortune cookie madness! Sooo many fortune cookies.
SAM is the MAN! the food is 4 stars, sam makes it 5 stars. love him. love how he remembers my order and remembers me and my friends whenever we go in.

as others have said, the food here is american style chinese, but much better. no frozen peas & carrots in the fried rice, no ultra-greasy sauces. my personal favorite is the sauteed shrimp & greens. (there is a special category on the menu for these types of dishes, but i can't remember what, exactly.) they sautee the shrimp (or chicken or pork or beef) with large chunks of garlic and light oil with chinese broccoli, asparagus, snow peas. delicious, and you don't leave feeling guilty. the scallion pancakes are also a fave. it's fun to come here with a small group of friends and a bottle of wine for a cheap, filling meal. sam will always join in your conversation. have been going here for at least 6 years and it never gets old. love it.
I can't understand the good reviews this place is getting.  I ate there several times, and their food just seems like typical Chinese take-out.  I am giving them one star because they nearly killed us.  They said they do not use certain allergens in their food, but while eating our takeout, a sudden trip to the E.R. was in order.  We were there all night.  Let's just say they are lucky we didn't sue them.
They moved to 618 south street ,great food great new clean place
You have to go see it.
I'm sorry Golden Empress, this pains me to write, but what the hell?  I have been a  regular here for over a DECADE and somewhere in the last year this place has gone to pot.  This is a three strikes you're out - I have ordered take out now three times to have the order incorrect each time, with no apologies just annoyed grunts when we call to inform that the order is wrong.  

Last night, they would not pick up the phone when we called to tell them the order was wrong, yet again.

My boyfriend is not vegetarian, I order vegetarian, they cannot get these orders right.  Its shocking that a place that HAD gotten it right for so long now cannot grasp the concept.  Did Golden Empress change hands? 

The quality of some menu items are lacking,  I'm sad my favorite place has gone downhill so fast.
I don't know if they use MSG but its the only reason I can think of for why my coworkers and I got so ill afterwards. I took two bites of my chicken fried rice and immediately felt dizzy and nauseous. I had a headache the rest of the day. 
Will not be going back.
Whoa, I never reviewed this place?  

Faux Peking Duck in a wrap with green onion and Hoisin Sauce.  Amazing.  Delicious.  I love meat and this thing was as good, if not better, than the real thing.  I ordered this dish for delivery at least 5 times in a 2 month span.  

Most of their dishes are great, a few are pretty much the same as any other takeout joint.  The veggie dishes really shine.  

Definitely recommended.
I've ordered from here several times. First, as a business owner I appreciate the quality service over the phone and the speedy delivery afterward. 
The food was very fresh and packed well. Although that sounds like a small thing, I can't tell you how many countless times I have received delivery with sauces spilled in the bottom of the bag. 
My initial order was Chicken Teriyaki, chicken and broccoli w/ lo mien and an egg roll and I must say YUMMY YUMMY. My favorite is the Chicken Teriyaki. FRESH, tender and succulent boneless chicken on skewers in a container with teriyaki sauce at the bottom for dipping. I felt it was a healthy alternative to the usual salt ridden, dried meat like substance offered by so many other establishments. 
My second order was even better with Chicken Hawaiian, chicken with seasonal greens (VERY healthy), chicken teriyaki, egg drop soup and rice. Again.....DELICIOUSO.....
They definitely have the right idea....and the prices aren't overwhelming. Thank you Thank you Thank you for good lunch and dinner options.
I have been eating at Empress for about 10 years now. I can't get enough of their food! I only wish that I lived closer. I can't find a pork fried rice that even comes close to their rice- everyone else pales in comparison.
This place is great for vegetarians. Nearly all their menu items have a vegetarian option, including all of the appetizers. Not only that, but the veggies in the dishes are plentiful and fresh. This chinese food even tastes healthier than others, withlout sacrificing flavor. Golden Empress may have moved to the top of my list.
I like the fact that this place has a veg menu, but that's where I stop being impressed. I ordered a mock chicken and mock beef dish. Biting into one of the "chicken" nuggets, I was presented with a squirt of something that looked like...well...I don't want to say...It was like pasty white glue. The 'beef was very stringy and it felt like there was more of it stuck in my teeth than actually in my stomach.

Took the rest to go. You do not want to know what it looked like re-heated. The chicken completely broke down into the white ooze, with chunks of the batter floating around. The beef was too rubbery to be edible.
Ordered from grub hub.

This was the first delivery Chinese I've had in Philly that's worth it's salt. It's slightly pricier, basically meaning they don't have the $7 combo dinner meals that most places have. With that said it's still reasonable, about $8-10 per entree. 

Delivery was quick 30-40 minutes.

Overall:
Crispy shrimp entree: really good with some legit spice
Hit and sour soup: very good, 
Veggie fried rice: more please!
Egg roll; standard egg roll, good but nothing special
Honolulu chicken entree: my wife seemed to enjoy it
Stopped by for a quick lunch and went for sweet and sour chicken lunch special. The staff was very nice and the food came out quickly.  What I got was a large serving of white rice along with chunks of battered and fried white chicken, along with a bare minimum of large chunky vegetables - a few pieces of onion, green pepper and carrots.  The sauce was in a separate container. I had asked for an egg roll which was an extra cost.

Overall, it was purely Americanized, simple and a fast lunch. For the future, I will not expect not much more than that.
Food was pretty gross, but I was so hungry I ate a bit of it anyway... I'd call that an act of desperation. 

Ordered thru grub hub, delivery time was accurate (about and hour at 9pm on a Friday), but that's the only positive thing I have to say.

General tso chicken was just slimy/mushy but somehow had very little sauce. They have those triangle shaped crab rangoons that were kind of stale and soggy (although the filling had a decent flavor), Probably the absolute worst wonton soup i've ever had. Shrimp lo mein was waaaay overcooked and the tiny shrimp were dry and chewy.
Ordered from here on Thursday night. Food took over an hour and a half to arrive. At 4am I woke up with terrible food poisoning. It's now Saturday and I'm still not through it. Avoid.

UPDATE 4/2/2018: The health inspector came by:

"An accumulation of small living insects were observed inside of a container of bread crumbs in the basement"

"Uncovered containers of scallion pancakes were observed underneath the condensation line in the walk-in cooler"

"Temperature measuring devices for ensuring proper temperatures of food are not available or readily accessible"

"Visible physical evidence of insect activity observed in the basement area"

"Old mouse droppings observed in the basement"
I want to give this a 2.5 but I'm rounding down in this case. I went here months and months ago but forgot to review it.

A fan and frequent customer of vegetarian Chinese food establishments in town (sup New Harm, Su Xing), I wanted to add another name to the list, so Mike and I stopped into Golden Empress. I was pleased being able to check out the veg menu while Mike could do his own thing from their regular menu. I ventured outside my usual and got the peking duck annnnd I was unimpressed. It was served at a lukewarm temperature and both the flavor and texture weren't what I was expecting and just weren't very good. The accompanying sauce was texturally strange, as well. It was edible, but it was just OKAY. I wound up pitching the leftovers. If I don't finish Chinese leftovers, that's a bad sign.

The service was okay, but people, not delivery people and not customers, kept coming in and out which was a little distracting. The dining room is very bare bones, which isn't always a bad thing but in this case it was not a particularly charming atmosphere. Just kind of... blah, which sums up my experience here. I wish I could say better things, but I can't. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, maybe it was an off day. Either way, I wasn't wow'ed. The owner was a nice guy, though. With other veg-friendly Chinese food options around, I probably won't return to Golden Empress. Waa waa.
Normally, I don't like Chinese food. I always find it tastes the same, is just fried globs of mystery meat and has enough MSG to kill a man twice my size. Thank god my boyfriend introduced me to the Emp!

This is the best Chinese food in Philly, hands down. The wonton soup tastes clean and fresh, and is perfect for this cold season. I've sampled a wide variety of the chicken dishes...the Chicken with Broccoli is on point, and the lemon sauce that is served with the Lemon Chicken is light and not too sweet. I like that they give you the option for brown rice.

This is also a great option if you have vegetarian/vegan friends that you are dining with. They have an entire vegetarian/vegan menu which pretty much mirrors the regular menu. It is gluten-heavy, FYI.

When I want Chinese, this is the only place I go to. They're dependable, deliver on a bike, and the portions are big enough to get three meals out of. All around win!
Golden empress is my new favorite asian/chinese fast food  restaurant. The dishes seem to be similar to other Chinese fast food places, but the quality is much much better. In addition the vegetarian menu is very extensive. It has even been recommended by a real life vegetarian! Clean, quick, polite, fresh, and very good quality meat, golden empress isn't your cookie cutter fast food. Plus, they delivery on a bike!!

My favorite part: To save time they chill the plastic cups full of water in the freezer.  I know this is going to sound silly, but the ring of ice around the inside of the cup fascinated me for WAY longer than it should have!!
I am picky about my Chinese takeout, but this place hits the mark. I ordered chicken and veggies, fried rice, and an egg roll. All were tremendous. 

Many cheap Chinese takeout places cut corners with the crappy yellow rice, tons of onion, or tough chicken. None of that here, just quality.
After a day of traumatizing weather conditions (I hate you, thunder that sets off car alarms everywhere), being called into work on my day off, and having gin poured down my throat before eating a bite of food... I needed some delicious chicken fried rice. Not from the frightening "we sell Chinese food AND candy" Chinese place, nor from the "our best feature is delivering your food... eventually" place.

"I will have none of that tonight," I said.

SO, we ordered: chicken fried rice, chicken lo mein, spring rolls and steamed dumplings. They verified our address about 8 times and the food arrived super fast.

The chicken fried rice contained peas (yay), onions, bean sprouts. Some places throw carrots and other nonsensical vegetables in. GEG knows better.

I pretty much inhaled the rest of the food, but my mouth + nose + stomach all seemed content so I'm gonna say it was fantastic.
the food is fairly cheap, but much better tasting than any of the other shitholes in the same price range. 
the delivery is ridiculously fast.
they cook the food real quick which is good cause once i've set my mind on ordering from here, i want it now. 
lunch specials are great, and so are the small dinner plates, cause you can get a full meal for like 5 bucks.
the chicken with garlic sauce is banging.

i would highly recommend going into the restaurant, because Sam will only further enrich your experience. 
i had to have a talk with him in regards to his fortune cookies and their horrible non-fortunes, like "it is a sunny day". so we decided to come up with our own fortunes, and he said he wanted to make one that read "don't fucking come back" *said in the voice of an angel.
perfect.
It was okay at best. Even considering that it's a relatively cheap Chinese takeout/delivery place the food was not good at all. I got a Lo mein and fried rice combo with hot and sour soup and scallion pancakes, and none of it was very good. They didn't consider my request to have the combo platter be vegetarian, the soup tasted old and was goopy, and the scallion pancakes were very doughy, not like what they are supposed to be. There are much better options for cheap Chinese delivery.
The food at the Golden Empress Garden is great and Sam is the man. They have an extensive veg menu, as well down to earth prices. I am looking forward to dining in, has a great location and a nice little setup.
I LOVE this place. When i lived on 6th and catherine I ate here several times a week. Food is insanely good and Sam is def the man. I swear he has not had a day off in 10 years.  Never had a bad meal there and the food is extremely cheap.
I'm a vegetarian, but I tend to stay away from the pseudo-meats.  So for most of my Asian food cravings, I end up going to Chinatown because I don't require the pretender proteins.  This review has nothing to do with most of the menu.  

First things first, these guys have some of the best damn vegetarian hot and sour soup in the city.  The broth varies a bit in consistency from night to night, but most of the time they manage to nail the exact right balance between the Hot and the Sour.  Also, the soup is very hearty. Lots of tofu, lots of ingredients I'm way too american to recognize (bamboo is in there, i think some kind of mushroom is in there). But it's all delicious and remarkably cheap. 

The only other thing I ever order is the vegetable lo mein, which is never too salty/oily like at many places, and has plenty of vegetables that are cooked just the right amount so that they are soft enough to chew but still have some crunch to them.
Not super but ok...tofu dishes are yucky and their spicy is not really spicy...But their chicken with broccoli is a good stand by...
wonderful. Sam is the man. great service, great flavors, great protions, great prices. think i'll have some tonight actually.
i think i found my favorite chinese restaurant in the city. i'm a big general tso fan (i know, it's not traditional chinese, whatev) and their tso is SO GOOD! i initially found this place searching on yelp for chinese that would deliver on new year's day. not only did they deliver alllllll the way to 6th and Snyder for free but they were punctual. food was hot and delicious! 

a few days later, friends and i went to the restaurant to dine-in. seems like everyone loves this place. food was delicious, per usual. i went with a vegetarian friend who enjoyed his meal as well. our server was very friendly but also anxious due to the amount of tables. they could use another server!

byob also a plus!
Oh, Golden Empress, how I love you.  I love your veggie food, I love your meaty food, I like your soups.  

Golden Empress is reasonably priced, and super tasty.  It isn't extra greasy or syrupy like so much cheap chinese food is in Philly, and can be quite light if you order, for instance, Buddhist's Delight.   Their lunch specials are a great deal if you work/live in the South St area, and I've gotten two meals out of one $5.25 special many times before.  

The only complaint I have is that the items marked "hot" are never really hot enough for me.  I order them extra spicy, though, and then they are just right.
Reasonably priced food, good vegetarian options, and they deliver, Sold!

I ordered wonton soup which was made with all vegetarian ingredients, and general tsos tofu with extra broccoli and the portions easily were divided into two large meals.  I would suggest this place to non-veg as well.

Only thing I would have enjoyed is a brown rice option. I would reccommend this place to a friend.
i searched yelp for a place that delivers. thanks again yelpers!!! anyway, recently i gave up meat. when i saw that this place has meat substitutes, i had to check it out. being new to this, i had no idea you could get fake chicken that actually tastes like chicken! crazy. i got the vegetarian general tso chicken. it was great. i couldnt even tell the difference. i am amazed by this process. also got the veg wonton soup and the steamed dumplings. wasnt a big fan of the dumplings. but the wonton was good. it wasnt too expensive. and they were here in a half hour. this is the only place ill get chinese from now on.
I'll first start off by saying I like this place. It's right down the street from my work, they have great lunch specials, and I always feel like I'm sitting in someone's basement circa 1972-which is kinda fun.

BUT... THOSE WITH FOOD ALLERGIES PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING...

I am not allergic to peanuts, but I know many people who are--to the point where even if they smell them they could have a reaction. Anywho, I ordered the szechuan wontons in hot oil the other day for takeout and they were served in peanut sauce. I don't really mind as I love me some peanut sauce, but this is A: very dangerous and could put someone in the hospital and B: simply not what the menu states. Please Golden Empress remedy this now! Also, the scallion pancakes (which are SO SO SO SO yum!) contain sesame seeds, which are undetectable unless you break the pancake apart. Again, I don't mind this, but it could be very dangerous to someone else. Make sure you ask and specify when ordering that you have allergies! 

Other than that I have no complaints. The service is quick, the portions are big and nice, and the dine-in tea is so good. I recommend the moo-shu pork, chicken szechuan style, the seasonal greens (make sure you like garlic!), and the hot and sour soup. I find the food not to be too greasy and the meat to be of good quality.
They have gotten better.  They moved and the quality and service has improved.  Going to give them another try.

Question though...  why does Golden Empress come up when you search Gluten Free Chinese but when you call them no one knows what has flour in it and what doesn't
If there was one chinese food place that used gluten free soy sauce (corn starch instead of flour) in their meals they would MAKE A KILLING.
Such a simple switch with absolutely no taste change.  Anyone want to make some money?
There are scores of Chinese takeout places to choose from in Philadelphia, and I tried lots of them.  For my money, Golden Empress Garden is among the very best. By this, I don't mean they serve gourmet food.  I do mean their food is always fresh and well-prepared.  When you get it delivered (which I often do), it arrives piping hot and faster than you can believe it's possible.  One of my pet peeves with Chinese takeout food is that the vegetables arrive limp and overcooked, and the sauces are thick and gooey.  Not so with Golden Empress.  The vegetables  always have the bright color and snap they're supposed to, and the sauces are flavorful without overwhelming the other ingredients.  If that weren't enough, their dishes are inexpensive and they have more vegetarian options than any place I've ever seen.  I give Golden Empress Gardens two thumbs up and would give them more if I could.
Honestly the worst pad Thai imaginable. Plain noodles, no sauce,  sliced green peppers, & a few peanut crumbles.  Got it for take out,  got home and cannot even eat it. Bummer.
First time there. Food was good, crisp spring roll, vegetarian wonton soup was really good. I had vegetarian garlic chicken made with Seitan, it was ok, a Lil bland for me tho, even tho I asked for them to make it spicy, wish it had more of a garlic taste.  But i will try a few other dishes next time I'm in Philly, n they didnt have my fav...vegetarian hot n sour soup, I really wanted to try it.
I had passed by Golden Empress countless times en route to get my hair did by Candi at Salon Sugar (and had accumulated a collection of their take-out menus with the intention of eventually stopping in for a bite while in the area), but had never actually stopped in until a friend and I were scouring South Street for a reasonably priced place to have dinner before seeing a musical at Penn (which in itself is a whole other story; it ended up being pretty awful).  I suggested Golden Empress Garden since they had both a vegetarian and a regular menu so we went in and got seated right away.  I settled on the sweet and sour tofu and my friend settled on the General Tso's tofu, but to her dismay, it was a bit too spicy.  Other than that, I would definitely come back, most likely for lunch (since portions are smaller) since I spend a lot of time in the area.
Tried this place for delivery after discovering this spot on Yelp.  I was not disappointed. As a girl who is always up for trying new versions of mock-meat, I was excited to try their extensive veggie menu as I was snowed in by one of the recent storms. I started with the wonton soup which is something that I often have to miss out on as a non-pork eater. The veggie wonton soup was delicious and hot.  I tried the mock Peking duck wraps which were great- could have been a little crispier but loved the flavor.  Also I got an order of the chicken and steamed veggies. The bok choy was delicious but the mock chicken was a little rubbery.  It was alot of food and I ended up making three dinners out of it.  The third dinner I only had the chicken and veggies left, and I ended up sauteeing it in spicy sesame oil and soy, and adding a few more things in to make it something new.  This place is definitely my new go-to spot for delivery chinese.  Good prices, solid food.
When I first became vegan nearly 20 years ago, there was little more in the dedicated veg variety in the city than Chinese restaurants - some of them very good, or at least memorable, like Cherry Street, where I had mock duck for the first time.

But since then, the bar on veg or even semi-veg restaurants has raised quite a bit, and honestly - not picking on Golden Empress - I think all of the veg-friendly Chinese restaurants in the city are pretty bad (the exception being Su Xing House, which has a few truly remarkable dishes, but even then they're more "General Asian Buddhist" than "Straight-up Chinese" i.e. the miso soup at Su Xing is fantastic.)

I have been re-visiting Golden Empress here and there over the years, first the original location and now the newer one, and I just have never been able to get into it. On my most recent visit, I picked the most flavorful sounding vegan thing - the garlic chicken - and even requested spicy, and I couldn't believe how one dimensional it was. It seemed to be seasoned with soy sauce and maybe a dash of white pepper, with the cloves of garlic in the dish were still pretty raw. (note: not everything on the vegetarian menu is vegan. you have to ask, hence why I got that and not General Tso's or something more obvious. GT uses eggs.)

The wonton soup that proceeded it was so incredibly boring it tasted like dumplings in soy sauce. I couldn't finish it.

Overall I just can't really imagine going here (or any of the other veg-friendly Chinese restaurants in the city) with so many other good options nearby, especially all the flavorful Thai & Vietnamese places. I'd go to Tamarind, Erawan, or Vietnam Palace any day over these.

On the plus side I did get a good fortune tonight and overall I'm glad they cater to veg folks. Hopefully someone can point me to their good dishes on their menu. I'd love to support them.
Being a meat eater, Golden Empress Garden was a great place to take my sister and her boyfriend who are vegan. They have two menus - one for vegans/vegetarians, one for non. We all loved it. This is the best chinese food I have had in Philadelphia, and that's mostly because they all look the same to me, that cookie cutter look with the same picture menu on the walls and fried chicken on the menu, so I haven't tried many of them. 

They started us by putting a lightly marinated bowl of cabbage and carrots on the table to munch on, as well as the fried chips that you dip in the orange sauce (what the heck are these called? - so good.) And of course, tea, the tea was delicious. 

I got the wonton soup because of the mention of it on yelp and it was great. I ate every last drop. I got the general tso's chicken, my classic favorite and I loved it. The portions were huge and they gave us a huge plate with a mountain of rice on it. My sister's boyfriend destroyed his faux chicken dish, and my sister got a tofu dish and said she liked it a lot. My boyfriend got the beef lo mein and it was the best beef lo mein I've ever had.

The waiter (owner?), Sam, was awesome, as mentioned before. He's funny and was fun to deal with. Not to mention he was good at his job. 

Looking forward to eating my leftovers.
This place might look a little dirty but it has amazing food!! the waiter/owner seems to be a really funny guy too!! i got a house special fried rice that was amazing. the service was quick and very fast for delicious food. the fried noodles on the table were very fresh!
Sam is great. Interior is downright gross. Food is fair. Restrooms are right out of crime scene photos. If you have a meal here, be prepared to witness some downright odd activity going on.
Let's be realistic. Who goes to a Chinese restaurant without wanting a little greasy goodness in your belly? If you want healthy, buy a wok and stay home.

Bonus points for a separate Veg menu! I played it safe with tofu and broccoli, but found myself sneaking a substantial portion from my boyfriends plate of the Vegetarian "Chicken Honolulu." Fake chicken, battered, deep fried and served with a sweet sauce, pineapple chunks, and cherries. Sinful! The very attentive Sam provided us with heaps of brown rice and there were leftovers galore.

I may be committing Vegan heresy when I say this, but I enjoyed it more than anything I've ever had at New Harmony.
Have walked by and not sure I'd actually want to go in and sit down, but they have great takeout and prompt delivery. My personal favorites are the Szechuan noodles in hot oil (which are stuffed with pork and drenched in a spicy peanutty sauce) and the range flavored chicken (sweet and spicy sauce and nicely cooked chicken). Makes for yummy leftovers...
After a long crazy day, my traveling companions and I decided to forgo going out to dinner and order Chinese in.  We found Golden Empress was nearby and delivered.  They were fabulous!  Placed the order over the phone and within about 30 minutes we had an abundance of food delivered to our hotel!  

They have a great vegetarian menu!  We ordered four different vegetarian entrees and were impressed with each.  The hot and sour soup was pretty good too.  I can't even remember what everyone ordered but I can say that we had way more food than we needed and it was all pretty delicious and inexpensive.  I wish we had a place like this in Newburyport!!

Now, I must go sleep off this Chinese food coma...

P.S. Unlike other yelpers who have visited Golden Empress before us, we did not get the overload of fortune cookies and I was sad.  

P.P.S. One guy in our party was irritated that they did not send chop sticks with the plastic utensils.  Bah!  So we only give them four stars.  A little harsh?
I order takeout from here about once per month. They have extensive vegan options including those with faux meat and tofu. Favorite dish is the seasonal greens with tofu!
What this place lacks in decor it makes up for with great food, excellent service, and low low prices. 

The only thing I ask of chinese food is that it is hot and consistant. I also appreciate when you tell them you want it spicy, it comes out spicy!

I have enjoyed everything I have ever ordered from this place. 
It is mentioned in just about everyone's review but it is great that they have seperate veg/meat menu's. It makes taking my friends who have fallen off the meat wagon somewhere easy. 

However, anyone that frequents this place knows the real reason why they keep returning. Sam!
Oh Sam, during the Phillies play-off games last year, he let me use his radio so I could enjoy the game and an egg roll. (And you know that egg roll was hot and delicious) 

I think the phrase  "Da Bomb" was created to define Sam. 
I might have to check the Urban Dictionary on that, but again pretty sure that is the reason.
Pretty much gonna say the same thing as other people in regards to the ridiculous delivery times and overall quality of the food.

Took an hour and fifteen minutes which is absurd.  Ordered 3 cans of soda with my meal then put in the online "discount code" for one more free can of soda which my purchase qualified for since it was more than $10.  

I not only didn't get the free soda (no biggie) but didn't even get the original 3 I actually paid for.  On top of no fortune cookies or plasticware in the bag and the food only being just okay and the sesame chicken scarce, I probably won't order from here again.  The Lo Mein was tasty, I'll throw them that bone, but that's about it.

Plus who doesn't offer two liters of soda? Lame.
Ahhh love this place. Got the house special lo mein (vegetarian) I love it. And got the vegetarian seasame chicken and vegetarian lemon chicken... both great.

They cater to both vegetarians and non vegetarians. I do both and both are great. Cheap prices and super quick.
My fav place to get vegetarian food is Golden Empress.
Been going here since 1998.

They deliver around South Philly as well. Their egg and pizza rolls are great as well. Give this place a go its so worth it.
This place is so great! I really miss it because I've been living in Seattle for the past 4 years.  I eat meat now, but I would prefer to have their Vegetarian Sesame Chicken over any real meat dish.  It is so good there!!  It must be really hard to make fake meat because if it wasn't hard, maybe someone in Seattle could have figured it out how to do it right.  Sam is the greatest.  No other restaurant could ever match him in service or friendliness.  He is such an icon in my mind when I think of Philly.  Awwww.
I almost didn't order from here because of some of the poor reviews, but it's so close to my apartment that I had to check it out and man, am I glad I did! I've now ordered take out twice and both times it's been ready super fast, the folks working there were really nice and, most importantly, the food was absolutely delicious!
This place is just driving me crazy.  My wife loves their Chinese pizza so every once in a while she convinces me to order from them again.  An hour and a half later we once again swear to never order from them again.  Their delivery takes forever and they ALWAYS get something wrong.  This last time they forgot a vegetarian lo mein that they did charge us for.  When I called them to let them know they said that they would send it out and we proceeded to wait another hour to get it.  You'd think that if they screwed something up they would rush to resolve it.  My poor friend sat there with nothing to eat while the rest of us had all of our food. 
Please pull it together Golden Empress.  I want to re-like you soooo bad!
Ordered take-out on a Sunday night. They gave us a 45 minute wait estimate, it ended up taking an hour and 40 minutes. No apology, no discount given. The food was HORRIBLE. I was excited to order from there because they have so much vegetarian food, but it was a huge disappointment. The veggie "chicken" was inedible. The veggie wonton soup was edible but extremely mediocre. The dumplings were so chewy I couldn't even swallow them.  It didn't help that none of the food was hot. My bf's general tsos chicken was also disgusting, he barely ate any.

Will not be ordering from there again, needless to say.
I've been ordering/ going here for ten years.   It was great for years but the last two years it has really gone downhill.  My general tso chicken has turned slimey and the last time we ordered they took 58 minutes to deliver ten blocks.   Also they sent vegetable lo mein instead of vegetarian chicken lo mein the last TWO times.   I'm done.   I'm switching to rich city.    Heard good things
Average american-chinese food.  Maybe a bit better than average, but not worth it for those in search of a truly ethnic meal.
Quite possibly one of the most disappointing Chinese food meals I've had. Off the bat, it took an hour and half to deliver three blocks. Not surprisingly, the food arrived cold and was nasty to boot. The House Special Lo Mein was completely tasteless and the General Tso's was just plain "eh." The spring rolls were soggy and greasy and frankly the pu pu platter was inedible. 

Bottom Line: Will never try this place again.
This place is the best I have found in Philly so far. My wife used to tell me all about this place when we lived in New york and how much she missed it. So when we moved down here a year ago the first thing we did was order from her and let me tell you it was fantastic, and we haven't stopped since. 

I always order the szechwan wontons in hot oil and have them make it extra spicy. Then I usually get the chicken chow fun, also extra spicy. Man you can't go wrong. Everything we have ordered from there is great.

We have even ventured there to eat and were not disappointed. They are very attentive and the food comes out fast and hot. If you are in the area stop by here or grab a menu and get some delivered.
Meh.
It's good, and it's convenient to my neighborhood, but there are MUCH better vegetarian chinese restaurants.  Sometimes the food seems a little soggy/the same no matter what dish you order.  I've definitely never had anything crunchy here, it's always that same ball of breaded wheat gluten or whatever.  I have eaten here several times, and I will eat here again, but only out of convenience.
Usually, Golden Empress Garden of Golden Arboreal Delights Forever Back and Forth into Eternity is pretty consistent.  Don't expect too much and you will not be disappointed.  It's basically your standard American Chinese with a special vegetarian menu.

I've never had a great experience with them, I've had one lousy experience where they screwed up and delivered to the wrong place then gave me the cold food after I asked them not to, but the food doesn't make you hate life the next time you visit the restroom.
This is my 1 and only Chinese delivery I ever use. They are always insanely prompt and the food arrives piping hot.. Their lunch specials are tremendous giving you more options than free egg roll or wonton soup. You can add a beverage which I find to be a great option..They have a $15.00 min delivery and can be understood because if you spend $10 or more you get an additional FREE option of soup egg roll beverage etc.. My fave is the low salt low fat option you can add to each dish and the degree of spicy. Try the lunch combo Shrimp with Mixed Vegetables.. You will not only be satisfied with the enormous portion. You will love the fresh Authentic Chinese flavor of the nice size shrimp and an assortment of perfectly prepared veggys.. Look no further.. This is the spot for us South Philly folks!!! ENJOY!!!
This place as gone far far down the drain from when it was on 5th street. I use to go out of my way to go here, last time I went, I was embarrassed that I suggested it to my friends.
Fantastic! First - thank you Yelp, I needed a go-to for Chinese take out and Yelp was my first stop. I ordered on New Year's Eve. Friendly, efficient service and very prompt. I ordered chicken fried rice, veggie lo mein, and sweet and sour chicken. I am a super picky eater and I fell more in love with each bite I took. The chicken looks and tastes like perfectly cooked REAL chicken and the s&s sauce was perfectly balanced. The lo mein had just the right amount of sauce and vegetables, without being greasy or heavy. The fried rice couldn't have been better, cooked right, with carrots, onions, egg, cabbage, soooo good.
Golden Empress is not just a good "go-to" joint for Chinese take out, this place is DELICIOUS. Oh, and perfectly affordable! 
Will go back many, many, many times and highly recommend this place to anyone, great for even the pickiest eaters or foodies, you will love it.
P.S....my boyfriend says they have the best fortune cookies too, oh, and did I mention they gave us TEN of them?!?!?!
This place has great Chinese food at an even better price. $25 for 2 people will get you 3 meals per person. My boyfriend loves the General Tso's chicken - it tastes different than other places, but it's really good. I love the seasonal vegetables with chicken, which tastes so fresh and healthy. None of the dishes we have had have been greasy or oily. The scallion pancakes are tasty too. The portions are huge and the employees are always super nice when I call to order. Delivery is quick and food is piping hot when it arrives! A+
This is the only Chinese type place I have eaten at in years. To me that means alot, I have been going there for years. Delivery is quick and the order has always been accurate. The food is never greasy, right amount of sauce. They have two menus to order from-vegetarian and carnivore friendly. I feel they keep the preparation separate and they have a ton of integrity doing so. I will continue to order from here and glad I don't have to look elsewhere for good eats.
Like many others have said, the delivery is slow.  We ordered two combination platters - shrimp lo mein and General Tso's chicken... the most basic things you can get - and it still took over an hour for our food to arrive.  

You can order online, which is really convenient, and allows you to bypass what is usually a difficult phone conversation, especially if it involves reading out credit card information.  Delivery is $1 if you live within a 5 mile radius.

Our egg rolls were the best part of our meal.  The entrees were no better or worse than any other run-of-the-mill Chinese takeout.

No fortune cookies is an absolute travesty when you order Chinese delivery.  How else will I learn my random Chinese words and know which numbers to play in the PowerBall?

If the delivery wasn't so slow, I'd probably order from here again... I guess the search continues for my Chinese go-to in Old City.
I stumbled onto this place while reading through Yelp, and Yelpers, you've come through again.

I got the Szchezuan dumplings and the veg hot and sour soup.  Delicious!  The dumplings were in this chili oil peanut sauce concoction (sounds weird, but it's good).  The hot and sour could have been a little spicier but that's more my own preference.

I think I met Sam that everyone was raving about.  A complete asset to the restaurant and made the experience even better.

Next time I'll try the bigger things on their menu.  If you're craving American-Chinese this is the way to go.
One star, just because the place is nice, for Chinese takeout it's REALLY NICE. That's it though, compliments end there. 

This is hands down the WORST Chinese food I've ever eaten. I saw some of the reviews but I thought I'd give it a try considering the venue looked pretty decent.

I ordered steamed chicken and shrimp and steamed dumplings. Both were pretty much inedible. I had never been so disappointed before! It's chinese takeout!! how did you screw that one up??? Even if you tried adding some flavor with the sauces provided, it just made it infinitely worse. There was nothing I could do to revive this meal.

There's a place down the street... No. 1 Chinese... it looks a bit run down, but the food is infinitely better. GO THERE. Idk if they are actually #1 but they are definitely in first place on that block!
Hate to say it but this might be the worst "Chinese" food I've ever had. The only thing that tasted okay was the white rice. If I'm going to pump cellulite into my aging thighs, I at least want my weight gain to be a worthwhile salty savory delight. 

So disappointing, pupu platter was barely edible ( I know, who actually orders a pupu platter, but call me sentimental), lo mein was bland and slimy (like spaghetti made by Haley Joel Osmith in 1993), and mushu pancakes were soggy and flavorless (like an old moist shoe filled with cabbage and maple syrup). 

People inside seemed nice, but unfortunately the food was just awful (kind of like eating at a well meaning infant's home-- you appreciate their hospitality, but they are a straight up human baby and don't have a developed prefrontal cortex that allows the executive function to plan and execute any semblance of a meal). Just moved to this magical food city, and this was the worst we've had. Bad enough not to give a second chance. Sorry chuckster.
I've gotten into this habit of ordering "trashy" delivery food once a week, on either Friday or Saturday night. I cook a ton and sometimes I just don't want to do it on the weekends! However, I really only expect about 3 stars worth of quality, especially when I am ordering Chinese. I have to say that Golden Empress Garden was nothing super special, but lived up to my expectations. 

Like others have mentioned, the delivery isn't that reliable. Our food was supposed to take 35 minutes and came in an hour and 15... which is maybe better for the places I review since I'm starving by the time it comes, but normally pretty grumpy too! Anyways, I do really appreciate that this place has a variety of vegetarian fake meat dishes. We got the "beef" and broccoli and the "chicken" with veggies. I actually really wanted a tofu dish and was really bummed that wasn't an option. The fake chicken was a little weird in color, shape, and flavor. It wasn't bad, but I wouldn't order it again, the fake beef was better, but very spongy. The broccoli was definitely fresh, which I was happy about. 

The veggie lo mien was my personal favorite dish and I really liked the spring roll too. They threw in a "free dish" (for the time lapse I think?), but neither me nor my roommates could deduce what it was? Cold noodles with peanut sauce on the side? 

The rangoons are okay- I've had better. I chose "low salt" on the egg drop soup out of fear of a sodium coma and I think that was a bad choice because it was too bland. 

All in all, this was exactly what I expected ordering trashy Chinese food online would be. Am I upset about it? Nope. Will I do it again? Probably.
A solid option for those of us lazy pricks who lament the fact that the vastly superior Su Xing House doesn't deliver to Bella Vista. Solid fresh ingrediants, fast delivery, and a stunning penchant for unloading fortune cookiees on parties of two. 

"Dude, we got like nine fortune cookiees tonight!"
Golden Empress is a solid middle of the road Chinese takeout. I really give them credit. They mistakenly delivered a scheduled delivery over a half hour early. They corrected the problem by remaking the order and delivering it at the proper time.
I can't say enough about this place. I never order from anywhere else.  But today they went above and beyond.  I ordered the wrong thing.  I did.  And when I called to order the right thing, they sent it at no charge.  Great food and old school customer service!
I went with 2 vegetarian friends and they were VERY pleased with the food choices and the quality of their meals.  I tasted their "mock meats" and was really impressed with them.  I had hot and sour soup that was excellent and a chicken dish that was also excellent.  I no longer live in Philly but would absolutely recommend this spot and would go back again.
I've ordered delivery from here three times so far. First time was absolutely amazing, and they make the wonton chips and duck sauce like when I was a kid (first place I've found in Philly that does). I highly recommend the garlic chicken or getting the fake garlic chicken (I sub tofu). The sauce is fresh and has sliced garlic in it. I repeat, SO GOOD. I've been a vegetarian my whole life but I don't care for their fake meat options, and just get tofu instead. Their wonton soup was good. Their egg drop soup was not good. Their cold sesame noodles are pretty good too! They have a lot of different coupon options to get free food when you spend certain amounts. I would of given this place 5 stars, but last time I ordered 4 bags of the chips and duck sauce, and every bag was stale and "bendy" (hopefully just a off night). That being said, still the best of the corner store Chinese places you're going to find in Philly.
I love all of the options they have for vegetarians. Food is made quickly, delivered on time, and hot! I usually ask for my food spicy but it never fulfills my spicy needs.
For what this place is, it is truly as good as it gets. This is my go to spot when I have a craving for chinese food (basically every day of my life). It's reasonably priced, no-frills chinese food. Delivery is quick and online ordering is a breeze. Perfect meal for a lazy day on the couch. 

Their wonton soup is my FAVORITE of all time. They also make a solid hot and sour soup if that's your thing. Scallion pancakes are great - hot or cold. Hunan chicken delivers on some heat but if you want more they'll deliver chili oil on the side. They also have so many vegetarian options that it practically doubles their menu. 

Love this place.
