PSA: METAL BOLTS FOUND INSIDE DUMPLINGS. BUYER BEWARE! Unless you enjoy hardware in your take-out. 

Formally complained to the manager, Anthony. He responded that owner would call us back but never did.

There's lots of Chinese places in the city. Not sure why you would ever order from this one.....ever.
This place is such a ripoff. I ordered General Tso's chicken with extra staples, and all I got was one lousy staple. Never again.

2 stars because the sauce was good.
Why the hell did it take me so long to review this place? GC is my faaavorite Chinese place ever. 

As Jacquelin K. already pointed out, there's ample room to sit inside, but this place is mostly take-out. If you do happen to go in, check out the crazy fish tank in the back. The people at the counter are very gruff and business-like, but I think they secretly enjoy their clientele -- they always remember our usual order when my boyfriend and I go in. 

As for the food, I love it. It just tastes... cleaner, less greasy, than other places. I can't really explain it, it's just less shady. The chicken looks like chicken. The veggies look like real, crisp, good veggies. And when you order a dish, they always PACK the extras on. You'll never have enough rice to eat all of the veggies and meat you get [and they have pretty nice take-out containers, too]. 

As for delivery, they usually send a little guy on a motorbike. Just watch when using a credit card -- they often make the guy bring "the machine", which swipes your card and prints out a little receipt, but has been known to ghetto it up and not work on occasion. Sometimes they forget to tell the guy to bring the machine, too, so I've had to give the guy my cell phone to call the place before. So that's a little weird. Other than that, I have no qualms whatsoever with GC and will continue to fund their existence for the rest of my time in Philly. ^_^
I have gotten food from here over the past year.  I could have sworn I did a review of this place before, but I can't find it.

This place is within walking distance of my apartment. The food is delicious and reasonably priced.

This past Saturday I had occasion to order some takeout from here.  When I got home I noticed I had $8.00 too much change.  I took it back and they were happy to have it returned.

http://youtu.be/-VtNivYQrVo?list=UUOwtwlsZ4FErLUQKRluyujQ
I had the worst chinese of my life here. That says a lot considering I have had chinese food in places like Utah and upstate New Hampshire. It was so greasy and foul I ended up throwing it out. I probably should have known better given the skeezy neon lights.

The eggrolls tasted like they had been fried, then thrown aside for 6 or so hours, and then refried in really dirty oil. So gross.

The chicken with broccoli was a greasy mess. It tasted like it had been reheated as well. The kung pow chicken was also swimming in old grease. 

I have heard other people say they like it, but I really don't think I am going to give them another chance. I'll stick with Chinatown.
An unsung hero among Chinese food in the Fairmount area. I think the average three star rating here is off. I am giving five stars for delivery only. This is some of the best Chinese takeout food I've ever had in the city.

Let's start with the vegetable dumplings. Usually at a Chinese restaurant, vegetable dumplings are all dumpling and shreds of  cabbage stuffed inside. You can actually see and taste the vegetables in these dumplings.

Main courses also deliver. I ask for a special order... Chicken with string beans in white sauce. Outstanding! A small portion is actually two meals for me.  And vegetable lo mein is great... Not too oily.

I cannot speak for the ambience. I've never eaten in, I get the impression this is just a takeout and delivery place for the most part.
Ok, I came here on the advice of co-workers who basically said "Don't eat at Long River" - which is across the street from my office.

So I trudged over the 2-3 blocks to Golden Chopstick, stood in a pretty long line and ordered a Chicken & Stringbean lunch special with brown rice to go. "Light on the sauce", I implored.

Service was friendly and the order took about 6-8 minutes to come out (not bad considering there were 7 people ahead of me.)

Walked the take-out grub back to my desk and voila.  Tasteless - abut thankfully not greasy due to the lack of sauce.  Beans were the best part - crisp.  Chicken (thankfully white meat) was bone dry and flavorless.

Not sure If I'd ever come back.

Now I am really in fear of Long River.  This is supposed to be the "good" Chinese place near my office.

Oh well.
I agree with Scott F. This is our neighborhood Chinese spot and I have to say, the food is decent, CHEAP, and the service is great. We can order our food and have it delivered in 20 minutes. Plus, it's enough to feed the two of us for more than one meal. It's Chinese food. I have no complaints!
I don't know what kind of meat they use for the sichuan beef...but...eww. Definitely the last time I order any meat dish and probably any dish from them. The meat wasn't fully cooked and some had a certain tang like it was past the expiration date. The only way I can figured out the color and texture for this meet is if they boiled it and then added it to the wok/pan with the veggies. Otherwise...I'm at a loss as to how this is beef. 

Never again.
While I won't be as harsh as Aaron, I have to agree with mostly everything he said. There was only one time when I actually enjoyed my food, but usually the chicken I order comes half-cold (like, half of the piece of chicken is freezing and the other half is blazing... very strange) and very rubbery, yet dry... kind of like it's not really chicken. The vegetarian spring rolls I have ordered have been decent-tasting, but very greasy. I've ordered Lo Mein a couple times, and it's all stuck together and half-cold. Do your digestive system a favor by not eating here. Ever.
I judge a Chinese food restaurant by the wonton soup and Golden Chopstick is A-OK in my book. The food isn't gourmet, but at the same time it's solid. After much local experimentation, I think it might have landed the spot of go-to for basic Chinese take-out and delivery.

For my most recently order, my husband and I ordered a ton of food including multiple pints of wonton soups, Singapore Mei Fun, "diet" chicken & veggies with garlic sauce and a side of rice. They clearly thought there were more than two people dining because we got 4 fortune cookies. I'm always amused by their analysis of the number of diners based on the fortune cookies given. 

In any case, it was all tasty and stretched into two meals. Bottom line was that the food was flavorful and the dishes were prepared how they should be. I'll be ordering from them again.
I've eaten here for years, as have the roaches that inhabit their kitchen. Good food, but the health department should make their findings of rodent fecal matter more public.
This place looks like something out of Blade Runner. Any minute I expect Edward James Olmos to come out and recruit me(Anyone remember what TV show he was on in the 80's). Sadly its not in 1982, but here in the present tense. Its dingy, its got weird/tacky neon in it. Ordering or picking up food you always feel like you better check to make sure they don't give you the wrong order. On top of that they'll make you wait while they take 5 orders on the phone. Meanwhile your stomach is grumbling and doing backflips. Unfortunately the food is bleck at best.

 I had bourbon chicken one time and it was more like chicken soup with bourbon flavoring and some pepper. Not to mention it was greasy. The egg rolls are extremely greasy and overcooked. The hot and sour soup is pretty much the only redeeming factor. And its really not that great, just better than the pile of greasy garbage they serve you.

There's better stuff elsewhere. You go to Chinatown, go now!
Have been here a few times and always get super hot and fresh food. The restaurant is new and clean and man do they have an operation going on in the kitchen. Impressive to watch what they have going on when picking up my food. Love the portions and prices! Always feel like there is so much for leftovers!
If I could I would give this place ZERO stars. These people are very nasty. I do not eat onions I never have, never will, they made a mistake by putting onions in my food and got very upset when after the food was delivered to me I drove back to return it. The woman at the counter was very nasty and did not know that I was fluent in Chinese and called me an idiot. Cursed her completely and left the store, will never order from here again. Do not order,these people are so rude.
I wish I could give this place less than one star. Lemmie set the scene for you: it's Wednesday evening and my girlfriend and I have a midterm the next day. We look at each other and figure fine we'll get Chinese food so you know more time to study. We pull up Golden Chopstick and peep the review. Well it's meh reviews but we've been procrastinating all week so decide ok. All of the sudden one of the pictures has a staple in the food; this is red flag number 1. But you know we're poor dental students so we give it a pass. So we order the food and not only does it take an hour and 20 minutes to get to us, but they forgot her rice too. Red flag number 2. We got general tso's chicken and a veggie lo mein, you know a casual order. So I hit em up like fam, where is my girl's rice? Who the hell eats just the chicken. (My apologies if you eat just the chicken). They credit us for the rice and I'm like fine. So we eat the food and we're like ok it's what we expected. Fast forward to 2 hours later.... my guy when I tell you that there is no pain like the wrenching of your stomach and fever that comes along with it you gotta believe me. My girl dips into the bathroom faster than OJ on a publicity opportunity and locks up in there for the next 1.5 hours. My homie our toilet hasn't smelled the same since. I can't even put my cheeks down knowing what kind of fire and fury has gone into it. I'm chilling consoling my girl then all of the sudden it hits me harder than my african Mom after seeing me sit on the couch with shoes on... we need a new toilet. I had the veggie lo mein only with no meat and somehow still managed to get food poisoning just not as sever as my girl. So we lost 4 hours dying in the bathroom and probably failed our midterm. I would avoid this place at all costs fam, they need to have a health inspector come through and re-evaluate their cleanliness. 

TLDR: eats Chinese food, bland and not flavorful, gets food poisoning, fails exam. Avoid this place.
If you're looking for solid, budget-friendly takeout Chinese food, this is your spot. Especially during the current covid-19 crisis - they have takeout and delivery available with easy and safe pickup.

Over the past few years, I have been there somewhere between 10 and 20 times, and I've always been happy with my order. The restaurant itself is not in the greatest condition, so I recommend takeout or delivery. They have a very user friendly website for ordering, which I appreciate for ease, especially right now.

Yes, this place isn't fancy, but the food is consistently good, they have great prices, and they are reliable in the sense that my orders are always correct and made on time.

I recommend the wonton soup, chicken and broccoli, any of the lo mein, and the fried chicken wings. My boyfriend loves these even though they are most definitely not Chinese food :)

I will keep supporting this business knowing they are working hard to make good, affordable food, especially during this time!
My new go-to Chinese delivery service.  I ordered from here last Sunday when I was way too lazy and tired to leave my couch.  The deal was outstanding.  I got the dinner combo of sweet and sour chicken and vegetable fried rice.  It came with an egg roll and won ton soup and was literally $10. 

The delivery was prompt and they bring an iPad with them, so you can pay with your card.  I am happy to have found this spot and am v excited to continue ordering from here! 

Disclaimer: not luxurious or decadent Chinese, basically fast food type, so if you're into that like I am - this place is for you!
I was just in this restaurant this weekend. I ordered food twice within 30 mins. Just chicken wings and they were DELICIOUS. HOWEVER, when I went in the second time to pick up my second order of wings, I witnessed one of the employees take a napkin to wipe her nose, took the same napkin she used to wipe her nose and used it to dry out a bowl and then put it away. And did it right out front in plain sight where the registers are. I will not be eating here ever again.
Hooray for GC, which looks nicer than your average grimy Chinese take-out joint, but is your average grimy Chinese take-out joint at heart.  You can sit inside if you like and take in the ambiance of crazy purple neon lights along the windows.  They look radioactive.  I think there's a TV in there, too.

How's the food?  It tastes how the food always tastes at a Chinese place with industrial tile flooring and strange glowing photographs of anonymous plates of food above the counter.  I think they even sell those giant plastic containers of iced tea/lemonade.  That's just nasty, but their food is fine--you know how it is.  If have $5 and you want some, go get it!
Ordered for the second time in the last few months, got yelled at by the delivery guy for the second time in the last few months, so I think I'm done with Golden Chopstick. Not sure when this driver started but he calls you from his car and refuses to get out and bring you the food. Not much of a delivery service for a place that's sub-par to begin with.
Found hair in the lo mein twice. They do not wear hair nets in the kitchen. I had to stop ordering from them after finding hair in my food.
Pretty good food for the price. Probably not the best but you can get a lot just for under $10 Restaurant is located in the center city in very convenient area. Can recommend to others!
Service was horrible. I called to order take out they told me due to the bad weather it might take up to a hour which was understandable I call a hour an half later and they hung up on my I called back again which now was two hours into my wait for food they said that they wouldn't be able to make it out at that time to wait another hour. Customer service sucks and the delivery driver always demands a tip!!
I can't stand not having good delivery Chinese food in Fairmount. I was sick last night and decided that I would order Chinese. Why do people eat Chinese when they're sick? What a stupid idea. Anyway, I have only gotten china-food while living here from Mandarin Garden, which was the least terrible choice from what I had tried. I saw that Golden Chopsticks had a lot of mixed ratings, and hoped to catch them on a good day. 

I did not.

The Food:

- Crab Rangoon: It was so overcooked it wasn't funny. I was afraid of breaking a tooth when I chomped into it. It also had that fishy smell that I HATE and makes it hard for me to order crab rangoon from anywhere else for a long time. I didn't finish it, bros. 

- Pork Fried Rice: Pork had a burnt taste and the rice was way way overdone. Also was made completely wrong, as I ordered it with no onion and carrot and it had copious amounts of both. Gross. How do you eff up rice, brohammers?

The Service:

- Going to have to shed some blame on myself here. I had a feeling that, as most Chinese places in the city are staffed by people who speak very poor English, ordering via grubhub would be a bad idea. It was, and I won't do it again. Sorry, chinabroheim. 

- When the delivery guy got here, he was rude and short with me. He was knocking on my neighbors door, and called me gibbering about me not being home and wasting his time. Chill out, broseph! The delivery took way too long for Chinese food that simple. 

The Rating:

I give it two stars because I think I may have eaten more of the fried rice if it was made the way I wanted it to be made. I just hate onions. On the whole, though,I really do not recommend this place. Bad food, poor service. Yuck.  Why is it so freaking hard to find Chinese food that is consistently good in Fairmount!? Any hints for your bromeister general?
The lunch specials are a well priced consistant portion, and the singapore mei-fun noodles are pretty good as well, a pretty standard local chinese take out spot, they deliver as well which is nice.
This place has become a part of my lunchtime hunt as well as the reason why my paychecks dwindle so quickly. A part of me wishes i worked nowhere near good lunch spots. The other part is thankful that if i do consider takeout lunch at a spot nearby, it's at least good. 

That being said, this place is an ok chinese food spot. Depending on the food (lo mein) i might feel totally gross until the next day, like i ate a boatload of msg eventhough they say they use only vegetable oil. But other foods (fries and miso soup) are perfect cheap lunch go tos. Their miso soup gets an A+. The broth is delicious and theres an almost absurd amount of tofu and seaweed. Perfection. They're pretty cheap and that miso soup really does hit the spot after a long day of talking on the phone.
This place has the best chicken wings and shrimp fried rice.  I order it at least 2-3 times per month.  The wings are big and they cook them according to your request.  I also love their shrimp and broccoli.  The shrimp are always plump and juicy and the broccoli is crisp, never overcooked and mushy.  Also, the delivery staff are always prompt and courteous.  I recommend anyone to try this place.
Horrible place nasty food and bad service. Just because they are in a nice neighborhood does not give them the image of good place. Cheap awful food. Bathrooms are disgusting
I ordered the Sichuan Tofu.  On the menu, it shows two hot peppers next to this item.  This lead me to believe it would be at least moderately spicy.  Unfortunately, there wasn't as much heat as I hoped.  The service was friendly.  But since I ordered with a group, our food took much longer to be served.  The food portions were generous considering the price.  And not surprising, the quality of food was sacrificed.

If you're in the mood for Chinese, not looking to spend much, and aren't ordering in a group, Golden Chopstick should work out.
What you would expect. Nothing was really good and nobody wanted the leftovers. First and last time coming here. 

Everything tasted way too greasy or was just flavorless.
Golden Chopsticks was my go-to Chinese place when I lived in the Art Museum area for five years. The staff is so friendly and efficient. I believe they are currently moving to or just moved to 490 Broad Street and their location on 18th and Spring Garden is no more. I am not sure if they are open yet, but I am counting the days until they are! I'm a huge fan of their vegetable lo-mein. Their portions are big and the prices are great. I always randomly crave Golden Chopsticks and I'm yet to find a Chinese American place I like getting for delivery more!
I ordered take out from here last night, which apparently was a mistake. I was at a friend's house in NoLibs, which yes, is about 18ish blocks away, but still not that far.

It took close to 2 hours to get our food delivered. When the delivery guy finally arrived, he wouldn't hand me the bag, but kept showing me the receipt. I told him that I'd already paid because I ordered online. He then made me wait while he called his boss. During this process, he set the bag down on a step, only to have it topple over. Seriously, guy, you made us wait way too long, so just give me our food and beat it.

The food itself was whatever. Outside of Chinatown, all Chinese places taste relatively the same.
It's cheap. It's greasy. It's heavy. It's, at best, average. But it's Philly, where sub-par Chinese food is just about as good as it gets. Golden Chopstick, with its cheesy purple fluorescent lights isn't bad, but it'll never impress. 

If you don't mind greasy, Americanized Chinese food, you shouldn't have any problems with GC. Most of the items I've had are okay, heaviness aside. One warning though: until they learn how to properly use a deep fryer (either by getting the oil up to the proper temperature or taking food out sooner), avoid the egg rolls, or expect a mouth full of grease with every bite.
Based on my delivery order tonight - FIVE STARS.  

The food was SUPER SUPER tasty.  There are options to have a small portion - much appreciated, so I don't have to have the same meal for 5 times in row.  They even called me after I placed my online order that they were out of something - and helped me pick something else out to eat.  FAST delivery - even on the day that had intense rain storms.
Tons of choices, great food. You get a good amt for the price! Food is fresh, wait is not long. I make frequent stops here and food has been fresh, crispy and hot and tastes great.
Disrespectful & ungrateful managers. They gave me the wrong order (veg lomein; w/o tufu instead of w/), and I didn't notice until I got home. I called to tell them, and they made me bring the open, partially eaten, incorrect order back, and wouldn't let me keep it, even though it was THEIR mistake. The girl who said she was the manager was extremely rude to me, first saying that I couldn't have what I didn't pay for, (even though it was their mistake,) and kept making faces at me and treating me like I was a homeless person who was offending her, rather than a regular customer who lives in the building and regularly goes there. Well, never again. DO NOT GO if you prefer to get your food from people who treat you with respect.
Ordered on GrubHub. Picked up my order for 6 people 25 minutes later. Food was hot, fresh, delicious and inexpensive American-style Chinese food. Because I spent over $30, they gave me a free two-liter (pickup only).

Between this and the nearby Long River, Golden Chopstick has the superior takeout.
This place has some lackluster reviews but I do have to say the food was really cheap and prettty damn good. Probably will be my new goto Chinese Food place in the area.
Lies all around. Ordered through Uber Eats, they marked the food as "with delivery driver" 40 minutes before it was ready (30 minutes after initial order). Never again!!
This is the best authentic place you can get dim sum. I likes it very much like San Francisco !
I was at this restaurant recently and was so unhappy. I purchased wonton soup. I was told the meat in the wonton soup was pork but looked uncooked and did not tasted like pork at all. I confronted the waiter but I was unsatisfied with the help I was given I wouldn't come here again.
I've eaten here several times since it's close to my office, and it is really hit-or-miss.. (mostly miss).  The bourbon chicken is extremely dried out and chewy, not the succulent, tender dish it's meant to be.  The veggie dumplings were most likely frozen and were an off-putting green color.  The sesame chicken was not bad, and would probably be the only thing I would go back for if I am craving Chinese food.  The best thing I had there was the bubble tea, which comes in a variety of flavors.  Overall, a pretty underwhelming experience.
Our go to workplace Chinese lunch delivery and take out spot.  My fave is the Garlic sauce with vegetables and veggie fried rice, with no meat.  I find their meat to be rubbery so I only do vegetables here.  The wonton soup has a very dark meat inside also.  Lunch box deals come with in entree and soup or drink for about $6.
I ordered from this place a few weeks ago and it was okay. Good soup and spring rolls, but my mongolian chicken was soooo salty, and I love salt. I reordered two hours ago from this place, deciding to try something new. I ordered delivery at 6:10, and it is STILL not here!!! I called 30 minutes ago asking what the deal was, and the lady said they left a while ago and it would arrive shortly. I just had to call again, and she repeated the same thing to me. I have never had to wait two hours for food before. I told her if it wasn't here in 20 minutes, I'd want a refund and she said there's nothing she could do because she doesn't know when the delivery guy would get here.

This is the worst service ever. 
You'd think they'd try and make up for their shitty service
honestly an average chinese restaurant menu but had to actually post a yelp review to compliment the quality.  it was raining tonight and the restaurant along callowhill that i actually wanted to go to was closed so i figured what the heck and stopped into golden chopstick for dinner not expecting much.  the food was not super greasy and gross and i at least currently don't feel sick :)  i had vegetarian general tsos which was really great and a veg spring roll.  my meat eater friends had some chicken and broccoli dishes they liked as well.  after seeing the older reviews here about the food being gross i'm going to assume they've gotten their act together or i caught them on a good night
The dinner box special is a great deal... for just shy of 8 bucks you get a meal, rice, soup, and egg roll. was your run of the mill chinese food but towards the top end of that spectrum.
I think we can all agree that Fairmount is in dire need of a good Chinese restaurant.  That being said, what we're left with is Long River, the scary place on 29th (?) street whose name escapes me because I'm too scared to go in there, and Golden Chopstick.  Out of the three I take Golden Chopstick.  I've eaten both in the restaurant (only to check out where I was ordering from), and then mostly takeout.  The restaurant is clean, service is quick and the food is hot and tasty.  Plus, they never adhere to the "$10 min" delivery rule which is great for a single meal.  Groundbreaking, no.  The best choice in the area?  I'd say yes for now.
For what it's worth, Golden Chopstick is a great place to go if you're in the Spring Garden area and are looking for well-priced yet delicious Chinese food.  Came here on a lunch break from a face painting class taught by a master artist from Vegas who was unfamiliar with the area, so everyone in the workshop decided to come here for lunch.  Thank goodness we were able to find a table big enough to seat everyone!  If I'm in the area again I will most definitely come back!
Fast and convenient. Friendly staff and the food is great. I recommend take out after a few cocktails. We had egg too young, veggie fried rice and Ira he chicken. All worth returning for.
I bought off them a lot, then one day they were really rude to me because my delivery wasnt ten dollars "the minimum" for credit card payment. They also said they didn't deliver to the area I ordered to, even though they had before and it was close by.  Then I cancelled because they insisted I had to buy a soda to make the meal ten dollars. Sheesh you can't eat a credit card charge just once for a loyal customer? Enjoy the bad review
Good food for a good price. The only place around that actually had the right amount of heat on their general tso!
This place is great. Fast delivery and a great portion for the price. Food is delicious and in a convenient location. General tso chicken side of white rice and chicken steamed dumplings all for $15 !
Ordered dumplings and got loose noodles and meatballs. Somehow burnt but undercooked floppy noodles. In all honesty the person who served me this should be ashamed of themselves for taking 11 dollars from me. Nearly inedible.
Good food with really cheap price.
It's a nice and clean restaurant with refreshing sense. Will come back when next time visit Philly.
FINALLY! Chinese food that isn't chewy and unidentifiable. I needed to cure my hangry lunch woes and decided to order from golden chopstick. So glad I did, ordered chicken and broccoli which did not disappoint one bit. Sexy chicken pieces, fresh and plentiful broccoli, and sauce that makes sense. Your usual chinese store prices. I'll be ordering from them in the future for sure.
Solid Chinese American food . Portions are large, cheese steak  egg roll was good. Would order again for bc sure!
Definitely recommend sesame tofu for those that want something on the sweeter side. Fried rice on the side was amazing!
This is the best Chinese takeout in Philly, period. No one can compare to their classic Americanized Chinese food. General Tsos is always crispy and filled with white meat, pork fried rice always has that great Wok flavor to it, ignore the haters!!
Golden Chopstick Chinese Restaurant in the Spring Garden area should be shutdown permanently. I ate there once before I knew their history of filthy practices (see Clean Plates Philly for specific details). They were shut down for a few weeks again recently but has since reopened with business as usual. This restaurant has a great location but it is not a safe place to eat, BEWARE!
One of my favorite places to get delivery in Philly. Portions are always good, food is always fresh. I highly recommend their pork fried rice, very tasty.
Golden Chopsticks has okay Americanized Chinese food. I've definitely had better takeout Chinese. Every time I've ordered from here it seems like it's missing something compared to other Chinese takeout places. 

I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken spicy and it was pretty good. Everything was well cooked and perfectly spiced. There was too much sauce, but that's fine. 

Golden Chopsticks is able to modify the order as well. So you can add or remove any ingredients!
They've been our go to Chinese food place for the past couple years. Consistently good food. Their meat is always good clean cuts which is very important when it comes to Chinese food. They're fast, accommodate to custom orders such as extra spicy etc.
Good chinese for a great price! If your in the Spring Garden area I highly suggest to get your chinese craving fix from here. Got the Wonton Soup, Shrimo Lo Mein & Black Bean Chicken. Wonton soup meat could have been better but overall was a great take out meal!
The store has moved to 490 N broad street-Suite 3.
The food is still nauseating and horrible!!!!! The chief got the COVID but still work in the kitchen!!!!! So horrible restaurant!
The Hong Kong owner is against gay, often sneered LGBT and black people in chinese!!!!!!!!!!!!
This place is great for the value! It's classic Americanized Chinese food, which I tend to crave sometimes. I ordered the General Tsao's dinner box, which came with the vegetable fried rice, wonton soup, and a spring roll. The quantity was good for $9.50, and it was enough to make two meals out of it.

The spring roll, wonton soup, and rice were typical, not too special, but decent. The chicken was the best part, the perfect texture and with a lot of sauce. Would recommend for a quick meal or if you're craving american chinese food.
This is my favorite Chinese takeout in philly. Always on promo on Uber eats too. Saves me many nights when I have no groceries. Great prices good service. Yummy sticky rice. Wonton soup is super good too. Personal fave. We've tried a few places and this one is the best. We get lo mein and chicken fried rice. So good! And best value. Thank you!
I would rate 3.5 starts. I love that they have so many tofu options and the tofu is cooked well. I ordered mongolian tofu and it tasted good but way too many onions. I would definitely order again but ask them to go lighter on the onions.
I haven't been here in years, but I'm glad they didn't lose their touch. I used to love their steamed vegetable dumplings, I ordered them a couple of days ago, and they tasted just as good as I remembered. This place, has always had some of the best fried rice, I ever had, (it's  not greasy), and the food is hot and fresh. This is not a high end Chinese restaurant, but for the price point, the food is hot and delicious. They deliver quickly.
5 stars for the price and speed. 1 star for the quality. If you are a poor busy student who aren't picky about food then this is a place for you! I got a big portion of lo mein, fried crab cheese puff and hot sour soup all less than $15. But none of them tasted good lol... Im spoiled by Asian food growing up so this is a no....
They have chicken lo mein that's literally at the level of a habachi restaurant. Along with the best sweet and sour chicken I've ever had
