after a crazybusyfuuunnn thanksgiving weekend, i finally caught up on my zzzzz's sunday morning as i woke up around noon and didn't motivate off of my friend's couch until well past 2pm. by that time, nausea had turned to hunger, and my belly needed food...my head needed coffee.

seeing as it was a chilly day, the belly was fed a piping hot bowl of tomato basil soup with rice. it came served in a giant bowl along with a sizable slice of sourdough bread, which i used to sop up every last drop of the soup. if you see this on the menu - get it!

along with my hot soup, i enjoyed a hot coffee. (i repeat: chilly day.) no fancy latte or cappuccino for my hurtin head....just a straight up cup o' joe. i had the medium roast (nice that they offer this along with light & dark roasts) with vanilla soy milk (just ask, they keep it behind the counter) and it was simply lovely. bonus points for being fair trade.

for some reason i was expecting a dark nook of a cafe and was pleasantly surprised to walk into such an airy, well-lit and spacious....space. tho nearly every table was full, it didn't feel crowded. no barking dogs or unruly children (or parents). if my vagabond lifestyle leads me to waking up in this 'hood again, i'll surely be back.
I guess you could say Good Karma left me feeling a little cold. Literally. The cafe is all adorable-like up front near the windows, but as you near the back, the charm pulls a fade faster than that one hot piece of man candy from freshman year.

This back area was drafty and chilly on a winter's day. Fortunately, my delicious latte helped keep me warm.

I could see possibly returning in order to get some serious work done; there wasn't much in the way of distractions, and the wood tables and chairs kept me from relaxing too much. If I want to grab a cuppa with friends, however, I'll head elsewhere.
A seemingly small cafe, but when the weather is nice there is outdoor seating out front and in the back too!

The menu is decent and I'm not an avid coffee drinker but their teas were excellent. Not too many cold decaf options but tons of hot ones. 

This place has free wireless and is basically a study hall / meeting location, with laptops galore!

Helpful friendly employees. The food options are simple but the chicken sandwich is pretty tasty!
I'm not a huge coffeeshop guy, but I had to give a shoutout to my favorite spot in Philly. It just has everything. 

1)HUGE TABLES. this is rare for a coffeeshop, and key for me as a med student since I always have a computer and lots of books and I need to spread out.
2) Lots of OUTLETS. also rare for coffeeshops.
3) Nice background music. 
4) friendly staff. While studying for my medical boards, I literally studied in good karma everyday for a month from 8am - 10 pm. I'm surprised they didn't kick me out as long as I stayed there (I'M CHEAP!).
5) delicious drinks. Again, Im not into coffee, tea, etc... but I love the ROSE CHAI. 
Food is also real good. I really like the 'apple of my eye' bagel and the 'colonel mustard' sandwich which I usually replace the mustard with a special mayonnaise they use.
6) INTERNET. usually really good, free wi-fi

Now they even accept credit cards which is a huge plus! I got only love for this place. Hope they continue to do well.
I've been in and out of a ton of coffee places due to having most of my friends back in grad school in addition I've befriended a coworker who has a serious addiction to coffee (you know, the kind of person who changes personality from evil to wicked when they lack caffeine). 

So here's what I look for:
1. Are there ample tables for my nerdy friends to study? Answer: Yes!!! the back area is huge! and they have small AND big wooden tables so we can all sit together like one big dorky west-side-of-washington-square-park gang. Weeeest siiiiiide!

2. Can my nerdy friends plug their 6 million devices i.e. ipad/laptop/phone/nook/tape recorder/electric shaver (hey, you gotta OPTIMIZE your free time) in the outlets? Answer: Yes!! And there are a decent number of them against the walls and patrons are good about sharing.

3. While my friends study and I'm bored I'd like to eat and drink as many different things as humanly possible, please. So, what's the selection like? Answer: Lots of variety! hot drinks, cold drinks, freezing drinks (smoothies), fun drinks (caramel apple cider and other seasonal goodies), italian drinks (italian sodas that is), etc. With a normal cafe selection of muffins, cookies, scones, bagels, soups etc. 

4.Can I do my meditation in here or is it more like a dance party? Answer: Ummm, it's kind of in between. Was here on a Saturday and "Hey Jude" was bumpin' to what I call a "fun" level-- loud enough that I was straaaaining to eavesdrop on the people behind me talking about yeast infections in dogs. Apparently dogs I think I heard can get them in their ears???? Bring earplugs if you need absolute silence/have a problem not listening to strangers casually talk about yeast infections.

5.What's the price like? Answer: $3 for a bottomless coffee mug. BOOYAH.
Gotta love it. But since I don't drink much coffee, I got the honey ginger chai tea latte. YUMMY BOOYAH!
Aimlessly wandering through the city with this beautiful weather will get you into a world of trouble. I'm not much of a coffee drinker but I love the atmosphere they exude. I was surprised by its vastness. The front of the cafe is charming but towards the back (where there's additional seating) it fades. There's even additional seating outside. 

This place was quite busy. Probably because one of its perks is free WiFi. Tons of studious people, in turn making the place more like a book store than cafe. There were no vibes. Everyone looked cold and frozen in what they were doing. If it wasn't for the music playing, you could hear a pin drop. One of the oddest things you'll find here is posted rules. On the other hand you'll find a suggestion box and no matter the feedback they would like to hear your thoughts. 

As for their drinks. I ordered a tea. Sadly nothing special and nothing they produce. It was a Vanilla Bean Blend by Mighty Leaf. If anything, the tea had more of a scent than a taste. You can order any sized tea and the price is fixed. They also offer free Lemon-Cucumber infused water, which was cold and delicious. 

I'm sure I'll find myself in the area for one reason or another.
I really dug this place. I just wanted somewhere to go in the late eve (after 8) with comfortable seating, coffee and wifi. The place is gigantic, warehousian even. There is ample seating and I can't even imagine this place being totally full though perhaps during the daytime with the rush of students...? They do have a rule that you must share your table if someone needs a seat, and there are a lot of four-seaters so if it IS busy, don't expect to spread out your entire briefcase.

I admit I only ordered a simple medium roast coffee, but it just fine. No better or worse than anywhere else. The wifi was great, speedy and useful and I didn't get hassled by the staff for sitting with one coffee for 2 hours (though to be fair, it was only about 15% full so they hardly needed the space.)

The only downside to me is the music; I didn't find it too loud as others have complained, but I did find it boring to the point of distracting. It was this kind of horrible mix of trendy and "wedding reception"; IE: a Radiohead song followed by "Walking on Sunshine"... I would have almost preferred something instrumental or jazzy. Still, a small price to pay!
Ok, so I tried Good Karma again because I REALLY wanted this spot to be my local cafe.  It's so convenient and I love the big tables.  Alas, we aren't meant to be.

I went on a Saturday with the bf for coffee and scones.  Every table was packed, expect for one reserved the the tarot card reader, who would be there from 12-3.  The very nice barista informed us we were welcome to sit there until the reader arrived and she was generally late.  Perfect. We sit and start drinking and another barista informs us we need to move.  I explained what barista 1 told us and she said that's fine. 5 minutes later yet another barista came and hold us we had to move, the table was reserved at noon. There was no sign of the tarot card reader, but I didn't feel like having a third conversation.  The man informed me I could finish my latte sitting in the window sill.  No thanks, I'm not a plant.

I just can not get over how rude this place treats its customers.  For me, that's a HUGE deal breaker.  I work hard for my money, and if I'm paying for a beverage I 1. want it made right 2. want to be treated respectfully.  

Though not as close, I've discovered Bonte fits me better.  It's just 2 blocks away, has a better variety of food, FREE refills and no one has yet asked me to move.
I wandered into Good Karma Cafe spontaneously today while walking around the downtown area. The decor was absolutely stunning, and I had heard good things about the cafe in general so I thought I'd check it out.

It was rather quiet in the cafe with some light music (which I loved-- amazing songs were playing). I ordered a strawberry banana smoothie which I paid slightly more than $4 for (a little pricey in my opinion) but it was extremely tasty. Would definitely recommend the smoothie. My experience with the servers behind the counter was lackluster and rather cold; I didn't feel welcomed or appreciated at ALL as a customer which was kind of a general turn-off for me.

The wifi also did not work on my laptop, so I opted for some light essay editing and reading. I didn't stay for too long because the atmosphere did not feel light and easy-going and the wifi didn't work for me.
Finally!  A great place to go get coffee off antique row! If I had to suffer through one more surly cappuccino at The Last Resort--I mean 'Drop,' I was gonna give up my coffee habit for good.

As someone who uses cafes as his office, Good Karma 2 is perfect for me. They have beautiful teak tables that offer plenty of working surface, and the room is spacious enough where you're not crammed inches from the person next to you. The vibe can be studious, with local med students tappity tapping away on their laptops, or just as often it's populated with friendly neighborhood peeps, their strollers and their puppies.

They use Equal Exchange coffee, which always makes me feel good--knowing my beans weren't picked by exploited toddlers in Sumatra. The staff is always super sweet, and quick on the draw. They have dog treats, free WiFi and even offer to receive packages for the neighbors--just spreading the Good Karma around. 

It's hard to believe that this charming residential neighborhood that's close to so many hot Philly destinations has gone so long without a quality coffee house. Whether you need a study space, a study break, or just a caffeination oasis, Good Karma will help you achieve nirvana.
Sleater-Kinney's modern girl right into Neutral Milk Hotel's Two Headed Boy. My college playlist of dreams. Large and inviting interior, lots of space to read a book and enjoy some breakfast or lunch.

Veggie delight is huge and delicious!
This is my favorite Good Karma location. This is the BEST cafe to do work at that I have found in the city. It is pretty quiet and there is tons and tons of seating and outlets. You can literally come here and work for hours without feeling guilty for hogging a table - which I adore when I need to get out of the house and office to do work somewhere different. 

The food is really fresh, I am a fan of the happy buddha bagel sandwich with hummus and veg - do yourself a favor and add cucumber. The coffee on the other hand is not my favorite, hence the 4 stars. I like that they have seasonal rotating specials, but I have gotten a few before which were not so tasty. The cherry blossom special in the spring had me coming back for weeks, so if you like Cherry at all I highly recommend it. The almond milk here has a strong taste that messes with most flavorings, so I would suggest getting regular milk if you can have dairy.
Great friendly, fare trade/organic coffee house with yummy munchies and free internet access. A good place to read a book, meet up with friends, or just watch the world go by. Dogs welcome both outside at tables, and inside too. Friendly staff and clientele. Tables fill up quickly , but share one and you'll meet a friend, I always do.
Long hours, and I think they are open 365 days a year. A few years back when I was feeling particularly antisocial I spent a few hours at GK on Thanksgiving morning. 

It's a comfortable environment with a friendly staff, a good menu, and consistent and delicious food/drink. Great choice for a non-pretentious breakfast/coffee spot.
Good Karma Cafe provides a nice space from it's cute Pine Street-y exterior to it's clean, open, airy insides. It's an ideal place for a fun book club meeting, for instance. A fine place for such a thing indeed. Art on the walls, many a painting depicting Philly scenes...(I stared at the boat house row scene a lot while trying to think of book club thoughts to contribute, for some reason!)  The $3 bottomless mug o' coffee was decent nuff. The menu has a good number of organic and vegetarian options representing too. Not bad, not bad a'tall... Make sure you're rollin with cash money because I do believe that they will not take the plastic stuff.
i didn't really care much for chai until I had the honey vanilla chai at this establishment. 

It is really, really good. If you find yourself awake way before any brunch places open on a Sunday, this is a great spot to spend some time. Also you can satisfy the radical in you by leafing through some of their unique windowside literature.
Just opened yesterday at 8:00am, The Good Karma Cafe launched their second location right around 10th and Pine. The former Ethnics antique storefront is painted a bright green which lightened up and transformed the whole space into a cozy yet cool lofty coffee shop which after a day of business was claimed by hipsters, medical students and their books and laptops. The white walls are somewhat bare and giant urban art pieces are trying hard to cover up the yet to be polished walls. 

The large windows, the inherited hardwood floor and Asiatic artworks look great in this space and somewhat fitting with the fair trade theme. There are roasted coffee bean for sale. Honestly I still have a hard time grasping the concept of fair trade. While I understand it morally, I don't understand it in terms of quality in product. I've had fair trade chocolate bars that tasted quite poorly.

The coffee shop is still in its opening state and there's only one barista behind the counter. He seems to be quite occupied with a line of people wanting a taste of their coffee and a recycling containing filled up to the brim, he seems a bit overwhelmed. The coffee comes in three various degrees of pungency: mild, medium and strong-brew. I got the medium and it was quite strong already. There are various affordable already packaged baked goods and some fresher local pastries that I suspect taste better than they look. As you can see in a photo I took of the menu, they also have smoothies and other drinks. There is a lofty back room and another smaller adjacent space. There also seemed to be wifi connections.

I suspect I'll come back again since it's only a block from my place and the hours seems to be very accommodating. I suspect it'll get better after it got used to the area.
This place treats me like I'm homeless.  I came into the cafe to meet my mom for breakfast. She met me at my table and we were exchanging mail and discussing what to get.  One of the workers came over and informed us that we'd have to order something, that tables are only for paying customers.  Ummm yes, can we take our coats off? 

Their coffee is ok-not great.  But they have lots of tables and plenty of room to spread out and study which is a huge plus.  I also like that they're open until 10.
This cafe is a great place to study or get some work done. First of all, you can buy a $3 bottomless cup of coffee which is great if you're going to stick around for a while. I only get the dark roast, and it is tasty. I've also had the espresso drinks which are also great. Last summer they had lavender lemonade which was amazing! Next time I go (when I'm not in desperate need of caffeine like I usually am), I'll see if they have it again this year.

It has a nice outdoor area in the back that I didn't discover until a couple months ago. The few tables out there that get some nice sun during the day. There's ample room to sit indoors, too, and a decent number of outlets. This location is much bigger than the Good Karma by Rittenhouse, so if you want to go to one of them on the weekend, you're more likely to find a seat here. Overall a great place!
Pleasant way for me to spend time in the morning if I have room to kill before getting into work. A small coffee is $2.16 including tax and is strong and hot.

I like the set up with an ample area for people to customize their drinks with whatever milk preference they have.  Strong wifi - password info is located in the area with the straws and milk.

Plenty of tables for people to sit and relax. I love that they keep a dog bowl on the steps outside for our furry friends.
I just had an exceptional experience at Good Karma.  As a QWOC, in an era where black people can be arrested in Starbucks for sitting, I am painfully aware that not all cafes are created equal. This morning I was in need of a centrally located cafe where I could have a delicious breakfast and spend a few hours working. I found that and more at Good Karma. From the moment I walked in until I left 2 hours later, I felt safe and attended to in Good Karma. 

I ordered a Lavender Latte and Rox Out with your Lox Out on an everything bagel. The cashier greeted me when I entered and offered to answer any questions. After I ordered, the cashier was thoughtful enough to ask me if I had a milk preference. I'd completely forgotten to specify that I wanted Almond Milk and really appreciated that the cashier didn't assume. My food came out quickly and it was absolutely delicious. (Just as an aside, where else are you going to get an organic free-trade Lavender Latte with Almond Milk at no extra charge!)

I worked for two hours on my laptop without being interrupted by pushy staff or objectifying patrons. The customers I interacted with were pleasant, kind, and warm. There is just Good Energy in Good Karma. And that's rare. Thank you for making my day, Good Karma. You all are awesome.
Ive literally walked by this place a dozen or so times within the past 3 months and never stopped to notice. The space is pretty large and offers plenty of table seating for staying or in our case Book Club meeting YELP style.Though I came to discuss mythical creatures and "gods" from our book choice the hot beverages and baked goods took over my senses and i decided on a Med size organic chai tea latte. They offer two different types of chai vanilla and ginger. I decided in vanilla since i was looking to grab up something sweet. I had my eye on a biscotti and added to my order. The biscotti rang in at 2.50 seriously ?!? i requested to switch my snack choice to a slice of lemon cake since they were also 2.50 
My chai was perfectly blended and had just the right amount of foam for my liking. The cake was moist and have a thick layer of icing it wasn't homemade tasting very similar to the lemon loaf cake I've have from other coffee houses in the city. 
If in the area and in need of a hot beverage to keep me going i would come here for sure. My only beef was the overpriced biscotti and i would like to see a couch or two just to have somewhere comfy to sit.

Most drinks are offered S, M , L and they offer soy milk 
They have plenty of vegan delights as well 
Its CASH ONLY so don't think about swiping that debit card
I'm surprised I never did a review for Good Karma cafe though I've visited several times and never had a horrible experience.

Good Karma Cafe is a beautiful cafe located on 10th and Pine, the perfect spot for people watching either outside where they have cute iron tablets or inside which is insanely spacious for a coffee/tea shop. The decors are stunning with plants hanging around and it's also eco friendly with recyclable cups and Earth conscious straws. 

The food and coffee/tea board has a variety to choose from, even for its pickiest customer and a barista is always at the front to greet you, even giving you their recommendations if asked. I purchased a large soy chai latte with a honey/cinnamon twist to it and it was lovely! 

It does tend to get full and busy so if you're looking to settle down, please make sure to purchase a few drinks to support this independent business and not simply order one drink and take advantage of this beautiful environment.
Good Karma is the ultimate place for studying and sipping the brown stimulant. I'm a little nervous to give such a high rating to avoid popularity and table shortages, BUT I have never been disappointed with customer service, WiFi service, and food options. I recommend the soups, as they are served in hearty portions with a crusty roll. The Senegalese Chicken and Mulligatawny are my favorites.

For those with dogs (and apparently those with bunnies), this location is pet-friendly. Good Karma is cash-only, although they have an ATM on location. Some tables are slightly uneven, so pick up a little plastic wedge by the creamers.
They take credit card with no limit. Cool spot to hang out. Different vibes than the other one at Fitler Square. Much larger, tons of seating, and a few outlets around the room. Tends to run a little more loud than other shops, but good spot to get work done. Small selection of sandwiches and good fair trade coffee.
This was the first coffee shop I visited in Philly (trying to branch out from Starbucks) and I wasn't disappointed!

The atmosphere is my favorite! There is plenty of room and plenty of tables to sip your coffee or pull out books to study (they offer free wifi). The shrubbery at the front of the door adds to the charm and makes you feel like it is a secret spot (haha). As a plus, the bathrooms are also very nice and clean!

The staff is super great ! Quick to take orders and whip them up.  I saw them walking around cleaning multiple times.

I ordered a pumpkin spice latte with almond milk.  It was very good! It didn't have a strong pumpkin flavor with lots of spice which some people don't like. A little pricey in my opinion around $5 for a small but that's usually how much lattes are anyways elsewhere.  

All in all, I really enjoyed Good Karma and can't wait to go back, grab a coffee and study!
Really cute place. Great for a meeting, date, casual thing, business meeting, homework or just chill spot. Great location, good coffee and friendly baristas
I love the social justice appeal of this place along with their variety of vegan cookies.  Ms. Bed was also a prompt and friendly cashier.
i haven't had their coffee, but my favorite drink of theirs is the pom-mojito. It's the perfect drink for a hot summer day. 

the atmosphere is very chill and there's tons of outdoor and indoor seating. great place to catch up with friends, play some board games or even have a date. check it out!
I don't know why but I'm just not a fan of this coffee shop. I came here to get coffee and study with my friend, and there are just many other places that I prefer to do this at than here. Yes, there are many tables to do work at among other people who are also doing work, but at don't enjoy the vibes. The front is cute but the back of the shop is dingy. 

During my visit, the espresso machine was not working (?!) which is kind of crazy for a coffee shop when a lot of their drinks require this machine. So I couldn't get the latte I wanted, I had to stick to an iced coffee which just isn't my favorite drink. I also got "the works" salad which has chicken and bacon on it. The salad was good overall in my opinion. 

Probably wouldn't return as I have other coffee shops that I prefer over this one.
Get ready for Contrary Mary! I like the general idea of this place, but it comes off feeling like a sort of halfway house for refugees or something. And there's the smell. Ugh.

Now, on to the important stuff: the coffee. WIth these smaller, locally-owned places, I have come to expect a certain level of expertise when it comes to the coffee. This is where Good Karma drop the ball. No, it flings it to the ground and stomps madly on it. This place has the emphasis on ethically-sourced ingredients without the corresponding knowledge of how to actually take said ingredients and turn them into a potable beverage. I paid my $6 (cash only!), took a sip, briefly considered digging my dollar out of the tip jar, and left. 

Tip: there's a trash can on South Street right in front of the Superfresh, if you haven't flung your drink into an alley by then.
Good karma is one of those places that completely changed my experience of philadelphia. As a student its really hard to find a good place to study that is big but not too loud and has good food and not distracting. Good karma is your answer. 

They have the nicest staff, great music playing and the best food. The back room is filled with people doing work, especially students, which is a nice atmosphere to be in. There is a small garden in the back which is nice when the weather is good.

The coffee and food is so good. Try the cinderella latte: pumpkin spice and vanilla; or the honey chai.  For food try the happy buddha bagel for vegans!

The only con is that its cash only so, you've been warned. 

Otherwise, only good things to say about this place!
This is one of my go-to coffee shops and one of my absolute favorite places! They have a wide selection of drinks as well as food (and great breakfast sandwiches), so there's something for everyone. 

What I like most about this place is that it is open late (until 10pm) whereas most coffee shops close around 6 or 7, which is too soon after work to get anything done. I also like that it is a large cafe with lots of tables. I have never had an issue finding a place to sit, which is often not the case because cafes in the city are very small. 

This place has an overall great vibe and it is always full of people studying, having meetings and getting work done. I come here when I need to spread myself out and log in a few hours of work, whether personally or professionally. 

If you haven't been yet, then what are you waiting for?!
Great coffee, good selection of baked goods and there is usually at least one soup option.
Lots of table space and free wi-fi (ask for the password).  Another perk is that they have an ATM in-house so you don't need to run all over the neighborhood looking for cash.
The only drawback is that it is noisiest coffeehouse in the area.  Good Karma seems to be the one people come to when they want to work in groups or behave as if they were in their own livingroom.
Well-behaved dogs are welcome.
Great coffee.  My husband and I stopped by to get coffee and a light breakfast before taking an Uber to the Philadelphia Museum of Art.  We loved the vibe of this shop!  We stood in a short line and then ordered our coffee and food.  We easily found a table and then enjoyed.  

This was a funky place to visit while we were in town with tasty coffee.
Good Karma is a fabulous place to go and get some work done. First, it's a gigantic, open space with plenty of room between tables. And the tables - they're actually large enough to seat four people comfortably, which means that an intrepid medical student like myself has plenty of room to spread his books out when the cafe isn't so busy. There's plenty of outlets, the drinks are great, the staff is friendly, and best of all, it's completely free of pretentiousness. I feel like I can actually talk to another customers without risking a look of contempt which makes Good Karma a very pleasant place to get some studying done and maybe meet your neighbors. In fact, I'm on my way there right now.
The fact that this cafe is open until 10pm is KEY. 

It's a large space with plenty of wooden tables and chairs with WiFi. They offer a good number of food options, along with the regular coffee/tea selection. The cucumber/tomato cream cheese bagel is excellent. It's a bit far for me but worth the walk on those days I really need to get some work done in the evenings.
Great place to grab a coffee and study. There's a constant buzz of conversation and music that is strangely helpful for keeping you in the working/studying mood.

Not a fan of the fact that they don't allow outside food, but, hey, such is life.
I found out about this place when my company had an event there and it's a great little coffee shop. Great lighting & lots of space so you don't get that cramped feeling like alot of other coffee shops. And the coffee drinks are amazing from the highest end latte to the basic cream & sugar. Stop in and warm up!
I don't hang out in this neighborhood too often, but made it to this Good Karma for book club.  It's a lot bigger than the one in Fitler Square.  I went with a hot chocolate because it was too late for coffee.  It was good, nothing special.  There's a lot of seating in the back.  I felt like we were getting some dirty looks from a few studiers because of the volume level, but we were discussing a book, and it's not a library.
Who wouldn't want to start the day off with Good Karma!? This is such a cute café. I have been here a few times in the morning for coffee to go but I'm so temped to stay an enjoy it in the cute cozy setting. There's a lot of seating and it's a cute atmosphere. 

Don't forget to bring $ because it's cash only!
We ordered hot chocolate and the one of the current seasonal drinks, apple cider. The apple cider was absolutely amazing! We went back for a second one.
I really wanted to like this place, but when you hand my a soy cappucino (litterally ALL FOAM) when I order a latte, we have a seriously problem here. Did I mention the fact that the espresso was literally ON FIRE hot? oh I didn't? well it was. and that made me quite sad. I have always been curious about the good karma up on 22nd, passing it constantly when driving over to see the West Philly folks. I've never had reason to stop because I was always headed somewhere, however, when this one opening up so close to my house, it was clear I could take it in for consideration. 

I stopped by on a walk with my dog and bf. They let me bring the dog in- massive props. The space is really lovely. It's got great high ceilings, lots of sitting room, (but all tables and chairs like a cafeteria, no cushy seating) They are open late, which is nice, but still, it's just not quite what I'm looking for. If I leave my house and walk south instead of north, I end up at Chapterhouse, and while GK is certainly nice, I also need my beverage to be on par with the aesthetics of the place, and at least at my first visit, it was not. It burnt my mouth and was 3/4 foam and 1/4 espresso and not a latte in any form of the word. 

I'm sure we'll try it again and at that point, I'll give it a second chance and second review, but for right now it would be my last choice for a coffee fix. Sorry guys.
This place is really nice and they have two small tables outside, which is nice. We ordered a latte and lox bagel sandwich. Latte was really good, but lox sandwich had two small pieces of smoked salmon and invaded by tomatoes, which is not the way it should be. Thats why 3 stars.
Open late, tons of tables, good food & coffee, they take credit cards, have an ATM...It's the prefect coffee shop. Wish they had one here in south Philly just like it
I've only been here once so far, but I enjoyed it!  It was packed when we were here but we were able to sit outside (which was preferable anyway, since the weather was beautiful!).  I took the crowds as a sign that the coffee was good, and I was right (way to go, Carissa!).

I find that many places that have fancy coffee make it look and taste way too dark.  The iced caramel coffee here was noticeably caffeinated, but didn't taste too strong and acidic, so that was a real treat.  I also appreciated the offering of vegan options in food and drinks.  

Really nothing negative to say here!  Someday I shall try some other foods/drinks, but for now at least, I'm a fan.
At the top of my Christmas list this year is that someone would open a huge, friendly coffeehouse near my house with WiFi and plenty of outlets and a lot of room. It hasn't happened yet but someone opened one up in Washington West which is totally not fair since Good Karma is an easy walk from the awesomeness of Chapterhouse.

I'll forestall my bitterness for now and just be glad that I can stop walking a whole two blocks than before if I really must be at a coffeehouse that much sooner. Good Karma is BIG and bright and has a lot of outlets and WiFi. There's a large selection of baked good and drinks other than coffee and tea. That's cool. They have two nice bathrooms, too, and no one bothers you and they're open late. Could this be coffeehouse love?

The downsides are the food's not great. There's a sign telling you not to bring food from elsewhere which I must respect but I must admit to being a little sad inside when I have to bite into one of their moist, overly eggy scones knowing there are great ones out there made by our own Metropolitan Bakery. The coffee's fine, as far as a brew is concerned but as a fellow Yelper said, the lattes leave much to be desired. They're confused as to what makes a latte and what makes a cappuccino. I ordered one once and none since. 

But what can I say. I'll take the bad scones and indifferent coffee drinks for the genuine friendliness of the place and my face is as green as their mugs when I think about how spoiled that neighborhood is while my part of town is totally bereft of coffeehouse awesomeness.

Oh, cash only though there's an expensive ATM on the premises.
Decent place to study, work and what have you. Awesome, friendly and smiley staff. Moderately priced cafe fare. Ample tables and outlets. Hands down one of my fav cafes in Philly.
I'm SO excited about their new vegan items. Good Karma now offers food made by Vegan Commissary including cookies, muffins scones, salads, and tofu scramble. The tofu scramble is really really good. They also now offer two flavors of Tofutti cream cheese; plain and herb. I will definitely be spending a lot more time here.
Hard to rate a place like this.  It's PERFECT for what it is: a place to caffeinate, keep your energy and focus high, and get your work done.  They're not trying to be a cozy corner coffee shop where people gather in cushioned chairs and chat for hours.  This is a place of business. 

Many coffee shops don't have enough table space for laptops, coffee, and books.  Many coffee shops don't have enough outlets to conveniently plug in.  Good Karma covers all of those bases AND plays good music.  

I just wish they had a few more food options so I never have to leave.  :-)
I really like this place. The staff is always super friendly and helpful. It's nice that you can bring dogs in there, too. Four star dishes, different exotic fishes (in their awesome salt water tank).
I've been coming here for years.  There are so many things about this coffee shop that keep me coming back that it's tough to pin point it's best feature.   I typically wander in the doors on weekend mornings to get a few hours of studying in, but I have been during the week and it seems to be much more busy.   The customers range from small book clubs, normal people grabbin a quick coffee to Jeff med students grinding away.  

I typically sit at a large table in the back although sometimes it's too busy and I'm stuck at a small table (I like to spread things out).  The highlight of coming to good karma is that they have bottomless coffee for just $3.87 with tax.  you're tellin me that I'm able to slam about 5 cups in 5 hours for just under $4?  Sold.  The rest of the stuff on the menu looks really good although it's a little pricey for what it is.  

2 complaints I have are that the fish tank has new members every time I go in...  Like one day Nemo had been found swimming freely and the next day there's a couple shrimp chillin on his rock bottom carcass.  They clearly can't run a tank.  The other one being that in the summer sometimes they just open the doors and windows and it's like 85 degrees in there. That plus my steaming coffee give me the hot flash feeling that God never intended for me to experience.   

Regardless of my small pet peeves being violated, Good Karma is good and I hope the fish tank karma doesn't catch up to them.
Just spent the afternoon at this place never having been here before. What a great place! On the inside the room is spacious with lots of seats. There is also an outdoor patio which is great for conversations. I didn't eat or drink much although there were plenty of choices but mostly impressed with the atmosphere. Vibrant spot with lots of folks on laptops getting work or school done.
I'll start by saying that I'm not a coffee buff, but I certainly enjoy a nice cup of coffee. I have to say that I wasn't wowed by the cafe mocha or the Americano that I've had from there, but I'd still go back to grab & go, because it's in my neighborhood.

Grab and go is the way to go, in my opinion. Last time I stopped in, there were at least two dogs sitting obediently by their owners, who were on their laptops. And it was pretty full. I was never really the type to linger in a coffee shop alone, though.

I noticed the set of rules posted by the milk and sugar - they really made me feel welcome. Very inviting set of rules. Appreciative of their customers they are.
This review is for the newly opened second location on Pine Street between 9th and 10th street.  i stopped in this morning to check out the coffee here.  The cafe options for good coffee are sparse between the Washington Square neighborhood and center city (and I had grown tired of looking at the empty Ethnics space), the Good Karma Cafe is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  

I ordered an iced coffee - its good to know they come in two sizes - 16 and 20 oz, along with a shot of espresso (at no additional charge), and that they also carry soy milk.  I decided to sit down with a magazine and my coffee and take in the atmosphere of the new space- its very open and still feels a bit empty- somewhat lacking the cozy atmosphere that makes a cafe seem so inviting.  I went to take a seat in the side room towards the back of the space, but the air felt a bit stuffy there so moved towards the front.  The music added a nice chilled out vibe, and the large paintings added some color to the otherwise white walls.  

The space up front near the counter is a bit barren, with the exception of two not-so-pretty drink coolers- it would be nice to see more tables here, or a counter with some stools.  There is also an atm inside, nice I suppose if you need a bit of extra cash (not sure if the cafe takes cards)...however, it would be nicer if the sound on the machine could be turned off- it beeps loudly every time a button is pressed- kind of distracting if you are reading or studying. Additionally, with the size of the space, before they opened, I was expecting more of a cafe- the kind that serves soups and sandwiches, in addition to coffee, tea etc., maybe this will happen eventually?  It would really be nice to have a quick sandwich/snack option in the neighborhood.

All things aside, I know they've only been open for about a week and a half and are still getting used to the new space, so I'll definitely return.
Good Karma is a nice spot, and conveniently located (on the way to PATCO for me), so I stop by frequently. The coffee is good, if not great, but you get a lot of customization options to make something you'll definitely enjoy. Though most of the baked goods here are the pre-packaged variety, Good Karma definitely gets points on the food front for its bagels, which you can order with anything from hummus to salmon to eggs. 

The other selling point of the location is its spaciousness. The layout of tables makes it a near certainty that you'll find a spot to sit, so if you're looking for a place to read or check your email, Good Karma has you covered.

The final point in favor is the underused backyard seating. I had one particular breakfast back there on a beautiful day that was very memorable.
Hands down my favorite cafe in Philly. There is lots of natural light, free wifi, good table sizes, plenty of outlets, and $3 bottomless cups of coffee (and free soy milk!). It's the perfect work / study, and I'm always super productive when I come here.

The iced sundew green tea is delicious and refreshing -- perfect summer drink. Their soups are very good, as are the bagel sandwiches. I can't help but be in a good mood whenever I come to Good Karma cafe :)
Just went here for the first time yesterday.  It's rapidly growing in popularity among my fellow law students, as evidenced by the case books on nearly every table. 

I was impressed, at first, by the huge space and convenient location!  Good things include some big tables; good (fair trade!) coffee and other organic goodies at entirely reasonable prices; free unlimited wi-fi (ask for code); no pressure to "hurry up and buy!"

But the downsides quickly became apparent: 
First, despite the fact that the place was so huge, I had a hard time finding a table.  And it's a good thing my laptop battery was charged, because most of the tables were in the center of the space, so outlets were not easily accessible.  

Second, as I was doing the creamer/sugar thing, I noticed a set of "rules" for Karma patrons.  Not a bad thing to have, necessarily, but it was prefaced with a snarky "for that 1% of you who don't understand what 'responsibly' means" - very condescending.  The rules themselves were pretty obvious (buy something to use internet, be considerate about sharing tables) but delivered in an obnoxious way (directing people to local library, refering to the tables as "MY tables").  This left a bad taste in my mouth.

Third, when I went to ask about a refill (50 cents) I was politely reprimanded for asking for a refill in a paper cup.  The nice woman who pointed this out to me said she didn't have a problem, but that an unnamed He didn't like it when people stayed and drank out of to-go cups.  Weird.  I mean, yes, I get it for the environmental factor, but I *never asked for a to-go cup*.  An unnamed He gave me the coffee in a paper cup.  So once again, I felt like my whole experience was being policed.  

Fourth and finally, the place was kind of dingy looking, especially after the sun went down and the natural light was lost.  Got kind of dim in there.  

I'll go back and maybe have a different experience.  But that was my first impression and left a strong enough one for me to want to come on here and share it.
Terrible customer service. Just called to ask a simple question about bagels and teas and some mean girl gets on the phone and goes "we have a lot of teas can't go over them right now we're really busy, see you soon!" And she hung up. I'm not coming in if you don't have the tea I want!!! Rude girl.
This place is great. I often come here to get work done. There are plenty of tables near outlets, the staff are always friendly and helpful, the food is fine, the coffee is fine.

The only problem I have with this place is that they allow all dogs, not just service animals. For a place that serves food, I find this entirely unacceptable. My friends and I were working there a while back when someone came in and brought with them the largest, smelliest dog I believe I've ever seen. We had to leave immediately.

If you don't mind going to an indoor dog park, there's really nothing else about this place that I wouldn't recommend.
I have been going here regularly for about 4 years. When it comes to good study spots in center city, it doesn't get much better. The wifi is great, it's super spacious, and they have large wooden tables to spread out on. The music they play is always different, and not overly loud, which is nice. They also have tables out back with a little fountain, which is a really cozy spot to read when it's nice out. The staff are all really friendly and goofy. The coffee is excellent and they offer a bottomless mug option for like $3. Another huge draw for me is that they're open 7am-10pm every single day.
If you like dark coffee and a decent place to work, this is your place.  The staff were not overly friendly and the place was a bit crowded.  It is older, and I appreciate that, but it is maintained.  The fake plans and bulletin boards were not tasteful.  I just did not enjoy the atmosphere, but was pleased with the ample seating and free wifi.
I love the setup of this place and I love how much room there is. It's difficult to find coffee shops that have free wifi, plenty of room and serve food as well as hot/cold beverages. 

I will definitely be coming back here occasionally for some quality study time and great vibes. I will say that my bagel sandwich (sausage egg and cheese on an everything bagel) was pricier than necessary. I can get a much more fresh, and tastier breakfast sandwich for the same or less from knead bagels or south street philly bagels. I actually think the prices here are a bit absurd. If I want a quick bite to eat and a drink it usually comes into the 9-$13 range and I think that's absurd considering people don't come here for the food, they come here for the coffee and space. I recommend eating elsewhere because the food here is not worth talking about more than telling you it's not worth the $$.

This place can get a little loud, so definitely bring headphones if you're doing work. Be wary of the internet connection because it can be spotty at times so if you're working on something, continuously save it in case you disconnect randomly (It happens frequently)

This is also one of the few places open early and until 10 every night so that's a major plus for me and works well for people that have inconsistent schedules.
Gray place to stop in for a nice cool iced coffee on Antiques Roadshow celebrating birthday July great space great coffee great service
I first found this spot by searching yelp for good places to study when I first moved to Philly. I cannot believe I have yet to write a review for it.

They have PLENTY of big tables (and lots of little ones) in the big main room and also some additional seating in a smaller adjoining room. The back patio is a nice place to hang if you don't need an outlet. The staff is super friendly and do a great job with any order!

The drinks are pretty good - my favorite being a vanilla dirty chai with almond milk. They also have a bottomless cup of coffee deal for $3 - perfect for an all hours study binge! The food is decent - nothing fancy, but it's fresh and they have gluten-free bread that they'll substitute for any bagel. I like the Rox out with your Lox Out (open face) sandwich and the Garden Griller, but I mostly just eat here when I'm pulling a long study session and don't want to go home in the middle. 

The music they play is pretty chill and usually my style, but you can easily put on headphones if you're feeling something else. 

It can get crowded sometimes and harder to find a big table, but something usually frees up eventually!

I would recommend it for studying, grabbing a coffee with a friend, or even a first date (I've eavesdropped on a some hilarious blind dates here).
Good spot. Has an eclectic, artsy vibe to the space. Prices comparable to other trendy shops in the area. I ventured in for quick cup of coffee to go and check out the place. Lots of space for sitting down and to hang. Around 1pm on a Monday, not crowded but certainly not empty. Always a good sign. People studying and on their laptops. Outlets and different sized work spaces throughout. Water bowl and free small dog treats at the counter. Community bike pump for free use strapped to the entrance stair rail. Cool shop. I'd def come back to for a work spot and truly explore their generous  drink and food menu.
Cappuccino. Soy. Vanilla. 
Latte. Honey. Vanilla. 

Those should probably be ordered the reverse of how they're written, but they're written for emphasis that you actually GET a CAPPUCCINO with vanilla soy, not a cup of hot vanilla soy with some coffee...buried...at the bottom...somewhere...maybe...

Plus this place is open everyday at a reasonable hour...

...and they let pooches inside.It's just so DAMN cute to see dogs in a coffee shop look longingly at the free doggy biscuits at the counter. 

IF YOU WANT SOME CUTE WITH YOUR COFFEE AND SOME SPACE TO SIT AND TALK AT 8:00 A.M. ON A SUNDAY MORNING WITH A COFFEE BEVERAGE (not a beverage flavored with coffee substance), COME HERE.
Good Karma is a good to spot that I love to frequent all times of the year. It's a great hang out spot with tons of seating and is open reasonably late for a coffee shop (which is great for when you're walking with a friend around town in the evening and looking for a place to hang out for a bit). The speciality drinks are great (I'm personably a fan of the London Fog), but and the breakfast foods/bagels are also pretty tasty.

Also -- having the dog treats at the cashier really pushes this place over the top for me from 4 to 5 stars.
The best coffee house in the city. Great place to read or study.
A solid addition to W. Washington Square (definitely leagues over The Worst Drop). The coffee is good and snacks looked good but a bit small for the cost so I typically skip em. It's a big place but it's typically packed and very quiet too - it's a real study central in here. So if you're cramming for some test or need to do a lot of reading, you're probably on the money going to Good Karma on Pine. 

I think the study ,quiet chat environment is sort of the biz model because they even have a sign near the condiments, though be it witty, saying something to the effect of keep your crazy kids under control. Honestly, I'm cool with that. I like children, but a kid crawling under my table, bumping my chair, screaming while being ignored while someone enjoys their frickin latte (I've had all that happen before) is just not what I'm paying to enjoy. 

I like the over-sized funky wooden tables in the back half of the cafe but I got to say, that baby-shit green paint burns my retinas... I don't know what it is, but it bugs me. Some may find it's putrid shade attractive, I don't, but don't let this detract from what a great place it is... unless you too hate the color.
GREAT space-- a little sparcely decorated, but I am sure that there will be some homey-ness added as they get moved in and settled.  it's brand new!

i love how bright and lovely the new cafe is and I LOVE that it is open until 10 PM every day.  too many cafes are only open until 6!
I have not had the chance to patronize this place yet. However I had a great experience there. This past Friday the stars were not aligned for me. Everything I attempted to do was somehow really messed up. My fiancé and I were running late to get to 30th Street. Somehow along the way he put a pretty severe gash in the top of his finger. We really didn't have time to address it. As we were walking past the cafe, I ran in to grab a napkin to put pressure on the wound. I asked the lady at the counter (I regret not getting her name now) if I can take some napkins to attend to the wound. She said of course and asked if I needed a bandaid. I was floored. After the day I was having sometimes all it takes is a moment to restore your faith. That bandaid saved the moment. I didn't know the name of the place but when I found it online this morning I thought to myself that Good Karma was perfect. Thank you for being kind mystery woman behind the counter.
This is my favorite cafe in the city to post up at and work remotely, write creatively or browse the web and read from the Kindle app on my iPad.  It's cozy yet well lit, the coffee is solid, the staff is always friendly and the music sets a nice relaxing tone.  Great place to get into a caffeine-induced mental groove.
I love Good Karma! It's the perfect place to study, but I agree with other reviewers that if I came here to be social, I would feel like I'm disturbing everyone else.

The $3 bottomless coffee can't be beat, especially since they have a station to doctor up your coffee however you want, unlike other places that are stingy with the syrups and things like that.  

Their food is pretty decent as well, considering they don't have an actual kitchen. I usually get a croissant for breakfast, which are always fresh. The soups and salads are on point if you find yourself working through lunch.

The staff is friendly and the place is VERY spacious.  They have outdoor seating in the front as well as an awesome patio in the back. They're also very dog-friendly! 

Overall, Good Karma is one of the best spots I've found in the Rittenhouse/Center City area to do some work for a couple hours and get your caffeine fix for a good price.
Five stars for the space and fantastic friendly staff.  Four stars for the coffee, food and packaged treats   Huge common area with giant tables for studying.  Bright green walls, artwork, and floral adornments make for a good vibe.  Outdoor space..  Complimentary board games for bored gamers. Recycling too, yay Karma! 

The clientele is a mix of grad students (Jefferson, Temple, Penn, UArts, etc.) , free lancers and relaxers.  A good place to do work among other work-doers.  Depending on the day's staff DJ, the music ranges from awesome to obnoxious.
This is by far the best place to go if you want to do work.  The space is huge (yet each area has a ton of personality), there is outlet for almost every desk (which means like 40 outlets), the baristas are cool, friendly people.

The owner obviously cares about this place... There is an incredible amount of attention to detail.  Prices are rounded where it makes sense so you'll pay 1.75 for a coffee and not be stuck with a bunch of pennies.  If your table gets a little wobbly (the hard wood floors give the place a rustic feel, and as such are slightly uneven) you can pick up a "wobble wedge" by the cream and sugar and adjust it.  

But most of all, the culture is such that if you come in for a coffee and end up staying for 4 hours, you'll feel at home here.
I'll admit I'm a regular, great space with plenty of tables that still fill up too quickly on weekends and evenings.  The interior is made up of only hard surfaces, so the sound bounces too much.  Some sound panels on walls or ceiling would help absorb some of the noise.  It looks like they haven't finished the bathroom floors either.  Coffee is touch and go, sometimes the espresso is burnt, sometimes the flavors of other drinks are where they don't belong (e.g.. espresso flavor in a chi latte or cider).  Right now there isn't a recycling bin like they had when they first opened.  I wish there was the option. All and all these things don't stop me from coming in.  Great addition to the neighborhood.
ThIs place is adorable. The decorations are cute and calming. Great place to do work or catch up with friends. They have a large space with plenty of room to sit. 

Their menu is great - tons of vegetarian and vegan options as well as other things. They serve breakfast and lunch, and also have lots of snacks available (ex. granola bars and vegan baked goods). Their coffee is incredible - I had the gingerbread cookie latte with oat milk and it was AMAZING! I had to wait a while to get it but they were pretty busy. Well worth it! Definitely make a stop here if you're ever in this area!
Really have been enjoying some weekly coffees and breakfast sandwiches from Good Karma this month. Huge fan of the gobble gobble (turkey sausage breakfast sandwich), the regular bacon egg and cheese and also the Chai latte with oat milk. The french toast bagel of the month has a heavenly aroma, and the scallion cream cheese was awesome as well.

Friendly service with hours ending at 5pm. The back patio is cozy with about 10 seats (a few double tables and a four person table). Got a special birthday cake latte for their opening anniversary last week which was a fun switch up. The soup, while expensive, was a good flavor (chicken noodle) and the sourdough bread it came with hit the spot. Will be back for food and drinks very soon!
I love good karma cafe! It's one of my absolute favorite coffee shops in the Washington square area. Unfortunately I am not able to give them 5 stars due to the rudest barista working there. One time I overheard her making extremely rude comments about her boss and that she had quit and was upset that she had to work a day after her 2 weeks notice. Well I guess I felt her wrath today and was humiliated by her in the coffee shop when I went to get my to go order and forgot my mask. She was condescending, and just damn bitter and mean. Anyways, I recommend this coffee shop but avoid the mean blonde barista if you go within this week or next!
My favorite coffee shop in the area. Never a long wait, plus theres tons of tables to sit at and relax/get work done. Customer service is always nice! Honey vanilla chai latte is my go to :)
My friend loves this place, and they've got me hooked. Aside from the fake Wu Tang Clan fan who only wears that hat because he saw it at Urban Outfitters and thought it was cool, this place is pretty great.

I've never had the food from here and don't really plan on it, but this is a great place to get a coffee and do your college assignments or hangout with friends.

There's a cool outside seating area out back.

I'm in love with the winter menu. The London Fog (Earl Grey + Milk + Vanilla) and Apple Cider (+ Cinnamon + Caramel) are my favorite.
This place gets 4 stars for it's beverages, food and service but loses five stars due to its clientele who are mostly iZombies. They take up just about every seat and try to hog the large four top tables with their laptops, tablets and phones. This is a business and not a study hall for those drinking one small coffee or water for hours while those of us who will drink several with food are left walking out or forcing their way onto one of the larger tables with someone who looks like their going to cry if they have to share the space. The cafe seats 50 but trying to have a conversation can sometimes be met with a glance by someone whos disturbed by someone who's study session is interrupted by the conversation of others. Remember when coffee shops were for beverages, food, and conversation? Well I do. My suggestion to Good Karma is to kill the internet during the lunch and dinner hours and/or issue a code that's good for one hour for each purchase.
In the 9 years since my last review this place has gone downhill.

Every time I've come in in the past year the person behind the counter has been surly and unpleasant.

I also came in today and was charged extra for my bagel selection because it was chosen as the "bagel of the day." So literally, there's nothing different or special about this bagel, but because they arbitrarily chose the one I wanted as the "bagel of the day" it costs more than the rest of the bagels. What a fuckin' racket.
Almost couldn't find this place (was on the wrong side of the street) but the Yelp pics of the yellow storefront helped!

This place is pretty big for a café.. lots of tables and chairs in the back. I stopped in to kill time before an event but it looks like even around 9am on a Saturday, a lot of ppl were silently working on their laptops. I definitely would come back to try and study here too!

The prices are pretty comparable to Starbucks (a latte ~$5). But almond/soy milks don't cost extra. And they have lots of baked good options! Vegan cookies! They have a coffee bean dispensary too. Place is cash only ($1.75 surcharge). Pretty hipster ish place (which I love! But slightly felt judged for not being hipster and coming in ). But I was greeted with a friendly smile so what else could I ask for?
My favorite study spot. Usually a lot of open tables, in the summer the outdoor space is nice! 
The rotation of seasonal drinks are always delicious. Maybe more vegan options on the food menu, but what I can have is always yummy.
Plus the staff is super friendly and the playlist is good!
What a cute atmosphere. I came in the evening with book club, and there was plenty of seating, despite a French Conversation Club meeting (mais oui!) occupying the space as well. 

I love when cafes are /actual/ cafes - to me, that means the atmosphere is nice, but not intrusive or oppressive (loud music = no. I don't care how cool your Pandora station is). Plus, the drinks and noms were reasonably priced. I had a bagel sandwich (win for having bagels all day) and some tea. Others had smoothies which looked gorgeous. Definitely adding Good Karma to my list of places to meetup and chill.
Cute and spacious coffee shop but INAPPROPRIATELY LOUD for a space intended for relaxation and working individuals. The music is ALWAYS unnecessarily playing too intensely and does not give a freaking break. 
I have given this coffee shop so many chances because I love its location and its menu BUT I URGE management to consider putting signs up prohibiting disruptive noise from customers as well as considering putting the music down to a RESPECTABLE volume. 
It's really quite a shame and I'm sure other patrons have felt the same way. 
Please and thank you.
Good Karma's a really big cafe, great for groups, or finding a table when you need to get some work on your laptop done. Or you could chill out under an umbrella on their back patio and listen to the running water fountain. 
Good karma has a nice vibe, and it brings the people out which I like to see. 
That is all.
Stopped by for the first time and ordered the Rox Out with Your Lox Out bagel, Colonel Mustard chicken sandwich, coffee and this special blueberry ade type drink. I forgot but it was pink with some berry syrup! Very refreshing! The food was all good, pretty reasonable prices too. The total was about $25. 

The coffee and condiment station was really neat. They had a jar for table shims to stop it from wobbling which was very sensible. They even had a bucket to toss extra coffee for creamer.  

The atmosphere of this cafe is really chill. A/C is bumpin'. Good for studying. Lots of indoor seating. There's wifi and restroom available. Would love to come here again!
Local business. Good coffee and tea. Filling breakfast and lunch food options. Seasonal menus items. Bagel of the month. Space to work. Outdoor area. Local art on the walls for sale. Online ordering and pickup available. What's not to love??
At good karma very disappointed no lite brew and the medium is very bitter coffee.
They have big store which is empty and only out side seating in the street where a stray car can kill you 
The out side in the back is open but shame can't use inside at all ! restaurants  in city are having inside seating I don't understand shame not enjoying my self here last few times 
I always chose this place but now is on the endangered business list with me.
They don't even have sugar out like Wawa does.
Its really sad with this place now.
When I found myself in the sudden situation of needing to find a nearby coffeehouse that had ample space and late hours to move the Yelp Book Club to last minute it was looking kind of tight! Fortunately the previous meeting that I had with the Cupcake Queen led me to remember how HUGE this Good Karma was compared to the Rittenhouse location. The fact that it closes at 10PM sealed the deal, and while I wasn't counting on things like a French speaking group being in session, 8 of us gathering around a good sized wooden table while drinking good beverages and discussing American Gods made it a win.

The double mocha that I had while saving a space for book club provided the needed wake up call. And the Orange Julius smoothie that I had during was a tastier and healthier version of its evil mall rat cousin (http://www.yelp.com/biz/king-of-prussia-shopping-complex-king-of-prussia#hrid:Rw5o03TZCnAyGXYcQCBpRA/src:self). I love the chance to judge a coffeehouse by its breakfast offerings, so Good Karma dishing out things like their breakfast sandwiches made me feel giddy inside. And its simple bacon, egg, and cheese on a wheat bagel )or whatever bagel flavor floats your boat) was delivered with delicious execution.

While I did give the Good Karma in Rittenhouse 5 stars (http://www.yelp.com/biz/good-karma-cafe-philadelphia#hrid:_ajRvVeWnQtUD_cFJy-5CQ), and it IS technically the same thing in spirit and offerings; I'm merely giving giving this location a 4 due to it being surrounded by a LOT more indie coffeehouses that are equally good if not better. But the fact that Good Karma's 2nd location provides quadruple the space, and double the original art and events; while still offering the same good beverages (caffeinated or non) and food, while still dishing out the same good vibe might just make it even more of a win!
