WHY DID I WAIT SO LONG TO TRY THIS PLACE? I am a soup fiend and finally tried this neighborhood spot a couple of weeks ago. Ordered a bowl of curried lentil soup on my first visit, came back two days later and ordered smoky black bean and sweet potato soup, came again and again and again and ordered the rustic lentil soup with kale and potatoes, turkey chili, autumn vegetable minestrone, white bean chard and Italian sausage... I've never had a bad bowl. In fact, I like each flavor that I try more than the last! I am beyond obsessed with this place and will be returning again and again all winter.
I adore this place and concept so much!! Good Spoon Soupery is a fantastic little space located under the El on Front Street in Kensington serving up an ever changing variety of really tasty, home cooked soups. The kind that will bring you back to your childhood and give your all of those comfort food feels! 

There's always a veg option as well as a meat. They cater to gluten free patrons also! You can check out their daily offerings on their social media outlets, but I can imagine you won't be disappointed with the selection if you just stop on by. (Their lentil is outstanding and one of my favs.)

They offer sammies including Bahn Mi, many side salads, and drool worthy desserts also.

The place is on the smaller side, but feels open as the decor is minimilastic and earthy. It's a sweet place in an unexpected spot. 

They offer other local goods such as Inspired Brews kombucha and Peddler coffee made right there in Kensington. I love when local business support each other! More of this please! 

A truly great place to lunch and stop by for a pick up of a quart to warm you and your loved ones up at home. 

I would call or double check hours first as they are closed Mondays, sometimes for holidays and sometimes briefly during certain seasons.
Quickly becoming one of my favorite places to eat. It's healthy, quality, feels-like-home cooking and it's right around the corner from me. 

I'm probably lying about the feels like home cooking part because I've never been very good at making soups. This is delicious and they always have vegetarian and vegan options on their ever rotating menu. 

No, I'm not vegan either, though some might consider me an honorary one (Tom M.!). 

Winter is coming. Be sure to have plenty of soup to keep warm!
We must have driven past Good Spoon one million times. From Front street it's just the side of the building so It never really appeared open or available to the general public. We always just dismissed it and went somewhere more familiar. Until yesterday. Yesterday my inquisitive nature got the best of me and I insisted we investigate further because my need for soup was much greater than my need for convenience.
The interior is quaint and understated but the soups.....the soups can hold their own. We did two hot soups (vegetable tortellini and butternut squash) and two sandwiches (a pork something and a tofu Bahn Mi wrap)........and a peach blueberry crumble bar.....and 4 pints of frozen soup (mushroom, truffled cauliflower, curried carrot, and broccoli cheddar) .......and one quart of Frozen Chicken Orzo.
We were really excited for soup. 
And how's this for a plot twist.....the tofu Bahn Mi was INCREDIBLE. Tofu isn't supposed to taste like much, let alone good. They really nailed it with this sandwich. Seriously I'm not a huge vegan/organic/ earth/health/yoga advocate....I eat fried chicken from a bucket while driving.....and this Tofu Bahn Mi was outstanding. 
So far all of the soups have been quite delicious as well. I have dreams from Good Spoon that in the spring they will have outdoor seating ;) Well done Good Spoon.
What a welcome addition to Fishtown! I have been wanting to come here for a little while and found myself in the area around lunchtime today. Even just driving by, the building is beautiful, with a clean logo, fresh paint, and pretty greenery growing up the side. The inside left nothing to be desired- everything was well done and aesthetically pleasing. 

Although everything on the menu sounded tasty, I wanted to try the soup. You can sample any flavor, and they had four today (as well as many frozen soups in other flavors that you can purchase and take home). The first soup that intrigued me was a truffled cauliflower.  I got a sample and was blown away. As if he read my mind, the man working there assured me that the delicious creaminess was not just from cream, but that it was mostly just cauliflower and leeks with a small amount of cream. I was totally sold, and took a medium size home with me. You also get a small piece of bread (choice of french or multi-grain) with each order. It's a nice touch, and definitely not big enough to make me feel guilty. There is also a case full of seriously swoon-worthy pastries (cookies, biscuits, brownies. etc). I'll save those for next time!
Soups from scratch. I tried the Mushroom Velouté which was silky, vegetarian and loaded with flavor. I actually drank it in the car on my way to a meeting. Every soup comes with crusty bread - multigrain or French - and you can upgrade to a gruyere biscuit if you want to.  There are about 4-5 soups on at a time.

The space is cute with a nice counter and a few tables. You can buy quarts of the soup which are available in the reach in freezer. I also noticed they are big supporters of other local businesses (Weckerly's Ice Cream sandwiches, Green St Coffee, to name a few).
Definitely a fan especially while my boyfriend and I are trying to eat clean and healthy and have strict diet limitations.  You could basically pass the place without even noticing it (I guess I can attribute that to the fact that it recently opened and still lacking signage? Or maybe that's what theyre going for?)  Either way, I have no doubt that they will do wonderfully on word of mouth alone.  

My friend heard about this place from her boyfriend who lives around the corner and knew about it because he lives so close.  She went and without even hearing how it went for her, I figured I would take my man to try it out.  I had the chick pea soup (Masala I think?)  It was tremendously amazing!  The sweet flavor mixed with just the right amount of spices....yum!  My boyfriend had the chili and he ranted and raved about it.  Today I brought my father to the spot and he and I ordered the lentil soup.  It had a spice that I wasn't expecting and we loved it!  

The moral of this story is- I think that no matter what you soup you order here (constantly rotating menu)- you cannot go wrong.  With this weather, and La Colombe Torrefaction down the block, it is basically everyone's dream come true.  I know I loved having my soup, a hot cup of coffee, and snuggling up on the couch to consume my favorite things.  

Topped off with a friendly, accommodating staff and all sorts of yummy pastries, sides of delicious baguettes or wheat bread, a nice selection of side salads- I am very hopeful that The Good Spoon will become our regular spot when I don't feel like cooking (which is more often than I care to admit!)

Kudos and welcome to the neighborhood!
Solid spot when you need that non-pho soup fix.  It did not disappoint on a rainy Saturday afternoon.  Menu rotates so check them out on social media.  Slurped on the chicken tortilla with corn/black bean and had a taste of the roasted tomato with basil.  Slim piece of french bread, i'm a bread dipper and needed more!  Their cornbread was on point.  Rich and flavorful soups with quality ingredients.  Kinda bummed didn't get some frozen soups to devour later.  Will have to try their sammies and sides.  Parenterals: no highchair
Went here today and have to say I enjoyed myself. The place is incredibly tiny, but it does have that relaxing feel. The woman behind the counter was sweet and friendly I felt. I ordered a curry lentil soup and it was delicious! I also got another piece of bread due to the cute being too small, so big ups to that! I will definitely return if I am in the mood for a good bowl of soup.
Good Spoon Soupery has been a go-to favorite lunch spot even before COVID hit. But now their pickup widow makes ordering lunch during a pandemic more convenient (and most importantly COVID safe) than ever. The one downside is that they do not deliver through GrubHub. They do use other services (Caviar/Doordash), but if you're only signed up on Grub Hub or Uber Eats you have to go in person, (which is not the most convenient thing during the winter months or if your busy working and don't have time to run out and grab it).

I've tried so many of their soups I can safely say they consistently make delicious and filling soups. My favorite is probably the curried red lentil (make sure to add the coconut rice, absolutely worth it to add the extra flavor and make it a bit more satisfying). You can't go wrong with everyone's favorite broccoli cheddar soup. Most of their soups (or maybe just the ones I've been ordering) seem to be pureed, but they have a couple of hearty and chunky options too. You can tell all the soups are made fresh and I love how they do not skimp on spices and flavor. Every soup I've had is a great medley of complementary flavors. They also come with a side of fresh-baked bread, another add on I would highly recommend not skipping. 

That being said, personally, I think they should stay to their namesake: soups. I've tried a couple of their sandwiches and haven't liked a single one. The textures are off and they try to be a bit too creative with the flavor combinations that it's more of a mess. 

I have tried their Kale Ceasar Salad bowl which comes as a wrap version and this was a winner (and this coming from a person who absolutely hates kale and not the biggest fan of Ceaser salad but was trying to be really healthy one day).
Ladies and gentlemen, I love soup.  It's a quick way to satisfy a hunger and fill your mouth with delicious flavored without worrying about that chewing nonsense.  Needless to say I was curious to try this local spot that devoted itself to this liquid culinary form.

I have to say, I was truly impressed.. The inside had a nice homey feel (though not incredibly big) and the options were diverse and tempting.  The offering I went with today was the curried red lentil soup w/ additional coconut rice for an extra 50 cents (well worth it!).  I got home with this to go bowl and was soo impressed.. It was warm, homey, and delicious. Not too thick, not to thin, just enough curry, and well complemented by the coconut rice.. It truly hit the spot.

I'll definitely go back to try some told the other tempting offers such as the curry chicken salad sandwich, kale salad, or any of the many soups (which seem to shift daily).  Further, it's located in a good spot and has got real friendly staff. Now what are you waiting for? Soup away, folks, soup away.
Rename this place great spoon. I love everything about it! Soups, service, atmosphere were all great. I can't wait to return to try everything on the menu.
Amazing soups and great healthy salads and sandwiches choices !!! I tried kale and chorizo soup and fell in love with it ! 
Down side - the place is really small and if the weather is bad there is no sitting outside ! 
Order their bread and beat shots - it is to die for
Yes!  I am a huge fan of soup.  In from out of town and needed lunch.  What a great find.  They will let you sample the soups before you decide.  There were 4 choices today. (Gazpacho, Summer Squash, Sweet Corn and Poblano Bisque, Chicken tortilla with corn and black beans)
Would love to have even more choices or the ability to order soup in the style of a beer flight so that I could get a great taste of each!
Im very impressed with the soupery!  I vaguely knew of it when I decided when I was walking home from an errand, to stop by and support a new local business.  It was a very good decision.  

The atmosphere is clean and contemporary yet warm and welcoming.  Thanks also to the staff that were perfect, informative and friendly.  I decided to go with the Morroccan vegetable chick pea stew and it changed my life (at least for a week or so).  
I love that it was so unique, delicious and perhaps even more healthy than my average lunch.  I later got a chance to try their soup at the brewer's plate event in the city and fell in love with their soups there.  
I am glad theyre part of the hood.  I hope everyone shows up to say hi the way I did. They will love it.
I love this place! The environment is wonderful and the staff are great! The soup is awesome! I love to get the frozen soup and bring it into work for the rest the week. It makes planning meals much easier. I highly recommend trying this place out!
There are not as many souperies in Philadelphia as I would like but fortunately there is a great one on Front Street in Old Kensington called Good Spoon Soupery.  The homemade soups served up here are extremely tasty.  They frequently change (especially by the seasons) but you can check what soups are currently on offer by checking their Twitter page.  I recently enjoyed a wonderful curried carrot ginger soup with French bread.  They also have assorted sandwiches and salads as well as a nice selection of deserts. I recommend the lemon squares.
If you are in the mood for a great bowl of soup, then Good Spoon Soupery should be on your radar!
This place was great! Nice atmosphere and their soup tastes amazing. If they have the red French onion soup available I highly recommend it (I forget the real name they had it under)! It was a nice balance of sweet and salty. Definitely check this place out!
This is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  I had the Thai Sweet Potato soup and it was rich and creamy and not too spicy.  I also had the butterhead lettuce salad, which was very fresh and tasty.  It is a small space with a few tables and a small, but varied menu.  The staff is warm and welcoming.  Update: Today I tried the chili and corn bread.   The chili was excellent, not too spicy and with very fresh ingredients.  The corn bread was fresh, moist with an excellent taste.
Agree with the other reviews on here-this place has become my FAVORITE lunch/afternoon snack place around. I work just a block up the road and my colleagues and I come here no less than 2 times a week, and have already become friends with the staff!

Their daily soups seem to rotate every few days, but your favorite one always comes around again (plus, if you're craving one and it's not on the menu, you can usually find a quart to buy in their fridge). Many of their soups are vegan, dairy free, gluten free, or a combination, but that doesn't mean they're short on taste. I absolutely love the mushroom velouté and smoky black bean when you want something light, and the Senegalese chicken stew and red curried lentil when you want something more filling (be sure to get the coconut rice for 50 cents extra!) the prices are moderate too-you can always get a bowl for under $8.

In addition to the soups, they seem to be adding other pastries and goodies daily-I have a hard time saying no to the cheddar biscuit or the hand pies. They just started carrying 'zsazettes', which is the most delicious, decadent sorbets I've ever had.

It's definitely a smaller place (10 chairs max), so we usually take it to go, but the charm and quality can't be beat! Follow their Instagram to get a look at their daily soups.
On Saturday heading to Rittenhouse Farmer's Market for Good Spoon soups is now a fixed habit. I've tried about 15 varieties of soup and loved every one. This week's split pea was amazing--it was thick and hearty, with big chucks of potato and carrot. I just wish I'd bought more.
Tasty soup! I stopped by last night while checking out Philly's new developments.  The staff was very polite and the space was very clean and neat. It's a cozy place to have a one-on-one. The music is low, you'll hear your partner. There is a lot of room now but I could see it getting crowded when the weather picks up.  Actually, I hope it does.  There was a good selection too. Oh and it had reasonable prices! My soup was around $5
I always buy the soups frozen at the farmers markets, so I was excited to go to the storefront! I had a lentil soup and miso carrots side -- both were delicious and I was able to eat inside (as it was close to closing time). The service was great, and I appreciated the vegan options. I would definitely be back! Everything is incredibly fresh, local, and amazing!
Really been wanting to try this place. Went at 10 which is when they open and the door was locked. They let me in. He said that no soup is ready yet and it would be 10 to 15 mins and no soup is ready yet   He did point out that they have frozen soup available   Uh what am I going to do with frozen soup? How do you open at 10 like the front door says and then your not ready for service? Horrible.
So very yummy!!! We loved the decor and huge windows! I had the grass fed beef chili and a piece of cornbread and he hubby had the Senegalese chicken peanut stew. They both hit the spot on a cold winter day. Great flavor and very filling! Will definitely be back again and again.
After getting your wisdom tooth taken out there are very limited options when it comes to eating. Thank God this place is close to my apartment to so I pop in for a post extraction meal. The shop is located a few blocks from the Girard Street station underneath the El. While I was there I was not bothered by the trains at all and I actually found it peaceful. The interior of the shop is very small but we were able to sit at the communal table. The counter has significant bakery window for such a small location but it's overall a minimalist style.

They had three vegetarian soups, two of which had no chunks which was perfect for my tooth situation. I opted for the Apple Beet Soup. It was nothing like I have ever had before. Earthy and sweet while warming on a snowy Saturday. The other soups that others had ordered smelled delicious but I had to stick to my blended one for the sake of my tooth lol. The place stayed pretty quiet allowing me to have a great lunch and catch up with one of my friends. I'm glad this place was open because it allowed me to have a meal safe for my tooth with out sacrificing flavor and fun!
I've tried 5 of their soups and all are excellent. They also have an awesome grilled veggie wrap.
This is my favorite place to get lunch. All of the food is fresh and delicious, made with the finest ingredients. All of the soups I've had have been filling and tasty, but my all-time favorite is the Senegalese Peanut Stew with coconut rice. I tried replicating it at home, but theirs still takes the cake. They also have delicious daily sandwiches and salads, in particular, the turkey melt and the miso ginger carrots. Though small, the atmosphere here is great. High ceilings, lots of natural light, wood shelving, and plants. Their chocolate chip cookies are also stellar, along with any of the baked goods they have in the case.
Waiting 10mins for a bowl of soup to-go is ridiculous...Just pour it while I stand there and let me be on my way? And for $7+ it better be amazing soup and it is good but not really substantial. 

The place is small and if you are waiting to-go you are dancing around other people waiting too, people in-line or at around the only table that is giant and in the middle of the place. 

I prefer Soup Kitchen's 1/2 sandwich and soup for $9-10 and feeling full after!!!

Doubt I will ever go back here. Going to eat my leftover Pho from Stock now, since at $7 it actually is filling and worth every penny, if not more.
Delicious soup. Beautiful interior and sidewalk seating. Great service. Definitely never thought of going to a soup restaurant until now, I will definitely be coming back.
Best part of the place? The Metropolitan bread served with the soup and sandwiches. The baguette is spot-on (though not as good as La Colombe's). The white bean, broccoli rabe, and Italian sausage soup I ordered was a little too watery (I'd suggest pureeing some of the white beans into the broth to cover it more body), I actually doubt it was broccoli rabe in the soup (it tasted more like kale, to me, but I could be wrong). But the smoky sausage flavor permeated the bowl and it added lots of depth.

The li'l ham and cheese sandwich with sweet dijon was also good, saved by the mustard and bread, though. It wasn't ham in the sandwich though, it appeared more like roasted shoulder. That difference didn't make it a bad sandwich, but it was misleading.

A highlight was the great service and Reanimator coffee. The server was kind and inviting.

I'll visit again soon to try out some of the other items.
I love walking here from my job and getting their delicious soups and hand pies. My favorite is the Senegalese chicken and peanut stew hands down!!! The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is great. It's a bit small inside but I always get my food to go anyway. They let you sample the soups so you can't go wrong:)
Delicious local soups. Great veggie and vegan options too. I particularly like the white bean kale and turkey chile, and I can't wait to try the spring asparagus!  

On busy weeks I get the frozen soups in bulk to make mid-week dinner preparation easy and tasty.
Took my wife and I a month before we finally stopped in and now we are addicted.  We stop in regularly to see what's on the menu.  You can truly taste the freshness and quality ingredients in the soups.  My only wish was they were open on Mondays that's my usual day off and their only day closed.
Good Spoon does it all perfectly.

Great experience all around: Helpful and friendly service, effortless checkout, but most importantly, delicious food.

I've been here on two separate occasions. The first time I had the chili, the second time I had the Senegalese Chicken.

Fast, simple, delicious food. Looking forward to visiting many more times.
Wish we had one of these back home in cali! My friend who's lives nearby took me here on a chilly day. Decided to order a few soups to bring home and enjoy. Per my friend's suggestion I tried the chicken peanut soup. OMG. I cannot even describe how good this was. So flavorful. So rich. So tasty. For an extra 50 cents I got the coconut rice to go with it. So good. Definitely more than enough food to eat as my entire meal. I didn't even have room for the piece of bread the soup came with! The soup was thick and creamy and so filling. Exactly what I needed for that cold weather evening. Definitely hit the spot. If I lived nearby, this would totally be a regular place for me. I wish I had time/room in my stomach to try the other soups as well!
The soup was delicious and if you can't decide try a sample. I had sweet  onion and my bf had curry both were so good we wanted more so we split the turkey chili and it was another winner!  It's on the expensive side but well worth it! Enjoy
I'm really happy to see a place that is just dedicated to soups around Fishtown. The number of vegan/ vegetarian options drew me in, the quaint comfort of this location led me to eat in and chat up the person who served my food to me. I've visited at least one other lunch spot in the neighborhood, but this place is different because it's a lot quieter than the other place, despite being located right under the El. I recognized the business name but wasn't sure from where. Come to find out, you used to be able to find this soup in Reading Terminal Market. Anyway, looking forward to visiting this place throughout the coming seasons and checking out the rotating seasonal menu. I'm stoked for cucumber and watermelon soups, along w the standard tomato and squash that normally come w summer.
LOVE! Potato Leek and Smoked Black Bean are delish. Nice small place with cheery folks behind the counter. I make a trip here whenever I'm in the neighborhood.
OMG

We celebrated mothers day at the Good Spoon and the soups delicious. I had the Meatball and I ran to the El Bar got a six pack and had a wonderful time. The best thing in this place is the food but the services is simply wonderful. I highly, recommend the Good Spoon for anyone looking for health, delicious and amazing service. 

Try the Potato Leek soup then close it with a Meatball sandwich. Oh! and great health sweets.

Hope to see you there.
Ordered takeout on a whim and it was magical.  Originally wanted the autumn salad with delicta squash but they were sold out so I went with a cauliflower truffle pasta salad and some Italian sausage/ broccoli rabe/ white bean soup. The soup came with a hearty slice of thick crusty bread.  Will be back to try that secret garden next time.  


Maybe I was just hungry, or maybe their soup has otherworldly powers but either way it was a perfect fall meal that brightened my whole day. Soup window staff were 'soup-er' friendly and got the meal out quickly. 

Just the perfect amount of food, reasonable prices and lots of care & creativity. Menu spoke to fall and seasonality without screaming 'pumpkin spice'. Sweet potatoes, squash, cauliflower and truffles were some of their fall ingredients. Love knowing that they're just a short walk from the El. Can't wait to try more soups off that menu.
Stopped for a Saturday lunch on a recommendation. Wow. Had a bowl of peach gazpacho with a tofu Bahn-mi.  The gazpacho was fruity but also zesty with spices and veggie pieces. Perfect on a humid day when summer keeps hanging on. 
The bahn-mi has a nice peanut satay sauce thing with shredded carrots and other goodness. 
Loved the food. The staff was super friendly. 
Really nice lunch. Will be back!
The soups here are amazing and every time I go in there are new flavors to try - all are homemade. The turkey sandwich was also seriously delicious. All ingredients are locally sourced so the price points are higher because of the high standards they adhere to. 

A cup of soup and sandwhich cost $14 but was well worth it. I would suggest the owner look at lunch combinations (soup/salad, 1/2 sandwhich, soup) for a few bucks less as it'd drive more lunchtime volume.
This is such a wonderful place. When eat their soup, most of the time I have a stern expression on my face and I can only shake my head because it is that good.
This place is great.  I've gone more than a few times, and each time the soup is great.  The servers are always happy to give a sample if I'm curious.  The menu has been featuring four soups.  All the menu items list out what is vegetarian or gluten free.   With all the bars opening up, it's nice to have a soup place open up.
Every soup I've had from here has been incredibly tasty. Everything that comes from the pot or the oven is made with fresh and delicious ingredients & and there's always great options for veggies or glu-tards. Also worth noting, the owner might be the friendliest woman you'll ever meet. Keep on soupin'!
The best. Their soups, pastries and sandwiches never fail to hit the spot. We go for lunch here at least once a week
My office decided to order lunch today, instead of our usual spots, and it was definitely a good choice! I got the Summer Minestrone soup which was DELISH and tasted very fresh. The veggies were still slightly crisp, and the flavor was light and satisfying. I split a Curry Chicken Salad sandwich with my boss, which was also very flavorful. I will most certainly be coming back for lunch!
Healthy and filling options. Everything we've tried has had a ton of flavor. We've had the chili, curry with coconut rice, and split pea soup. All have been wonderful. You can pick up large frozen containers to have for later. They also sell Weckerly's Ice Cream sandwiches. There are sandwich and salad options on the menu as well. It's a small place, so not great for a really large crowd.
Everything in this place is right in my wheelhouse. I am such a soup fan. If I am not making it I am looking for some decent options when I am out. It was a bit chilly when I arrived in the city and Good Spoon seemed like the logical choice for a late lunch. 

I had the Black Bean and Sweet Potato soup with the multigrain bread and had a taste of my friend's Senegalese Chicken Stew. Both were delicious. The former, a thick soup with a hint of what seemed like a smokey chipotle seasoning. The latter had a strong pea-nutty flavor with the texture more like a stoup than a traditional stew. 

The sandwiches on the list as well as the side salads were all tempting - and don't even get me started on the Peanut Butter Cup cupcake I nearly caved and bought. 

I'll absolutely be back next time I am in the area... and I'll be sure to save room for the sweets.
I had the lentil soup with a side of coconut rice and whole grain bread. Then for dessert I enjoyed one of their blueberry muffins and what a fantastic lunch that was!  I also purchased several of their grocery items to take home. I bought maple syrup, frozen soup, a salad and a myriad of other prepared foods.

I will definitely come back to this place.
Just finished lunch from here. Soup and turkey sammie were excellent.  The staff was great as well and the food came out in 3/4 minutes. I'll be back soon for sure
I was craving for soup and saw this place in yelp, the place is a small cozy restaurant, they have fresh baked goods in the counter too, and i dont mind that! I had curry lentil soup with a scoop of coconut rice in the center, and a slice of french baguette on the side, everything was delicious/fresh!! I will be coming back for more~!
Delicious soup! Everything changes daily and is labeled for vegans, vegetarians, gluten, and dairy. 
A 'bowl' of soup (it's a little small for the term) is $6 and comes with a small piece of (gluten only) bread, so I ended up paying $6 for just a bit of soup. I got a side of cucumber salad for an extra $5. But without the bread, I'll be honest, I was hungry again in an hour. 
Great if you're not allergic or sensitive to anything, but I probably wouldn't go back again to pay that price for what I was able to eat.
This place is so simple and cozy and their soup is amazing! 

They use high quality ingredients and make their soups from scratch. The consistency is on the thicker side and very filling. The soups are warm and savory - absolutely perfect for a quick stop on a cold afternoon. 

We got samples of their selection and it was so difficult to choose! I ended up getting the Moroccan vegetable and chick pea stew with quinoa on top. The bread is nice and fresh, and even the smallest size (cup) was a sizeable serving of soup (see photo). 

I was pleasantly surprised by the prices and am so glad I stopped in. Can't wait to try more of their menu!
Strong 4. Delicious!
The roasted red pepper soup was phenomenal! Rich and velvety. I love the sliced almond that added a bit of crunch.
The white bean, kale, sausage was good. Lots of flavor, but not as great as the red pepper.
The buttermilk biscuit was large with a nice crust and soft cloud inside.
The curry chicken salad sandwich was good. Nice curry flavor that wasn't too overpowering.
All the bread was good. Regular or wheat baguettes come with the soup and the challah bread on the chicken salad sandwich was nice.
Great service, very friendly. They warmed up the biscuit and the sandwich bread, which was a nice touch.
Overall, I will be back for more soup!
amazing soups!good eats if u love farm fresh! healthy shots to keep your immune is also on location!
Wow.  Came in here on a whim when I was really in the mood for soup; although I ended up not even getting soup.  I had their beef chili, which was outstanding.  It had an incredible layer of flavors from what I am sure is numerous types of chilis to cinnamon and other savory spices.  My wife had the creamy mushroom soup, which was also very good.  It had an initial smokiness and full flavor of mushrooms.  

What is also great about this place is that the soups that do not usually have meat in them, use veggie broth/stock instead of chicken or beef, which makes the options for non-meat eaters great.  Will definitely return.
I've been a regular here for the past 2 years and have not been disappointed! They have a rotating soup & sandwich menu and consistently have either vegan or vegetarian options. They keep their soup flavors exciting and interesting and their price point very reasonable. This is the spot I will miss the most when I move away. 
Make sure to try the Senegalese Peanut soup if it's available when you stop by!
Literally had the best... and I mean the best BLT from this place! Absolutely delicious!
I love that this place is right around the corner from me. Went here few times when sick. Affordable, fast and yummy.
Stopped for a Saturday lunch on a recommendation. Wow. Had a bowl of peach gazpacho with a tofu Bahn-mi.  The gazpacho was fruity but also zesty with spices and veggie pieces. Perfect on a humid day when summer keeps hanging on. 
The bahn-mi has a nice peanut satay sauce thing with shredded carrots and other goodness. 
Loved the food. The staff was super friendly. 
Really nice lunch. Will be back. 

Went on a snowy winter day. The Senegalese Chicken and Peanut Stew and the Sesame Seitan sandwich were "When Harry Met Sallyy" good. 

Been there many times now, and never disappointed. We often take a frozen soup home for later.
Who doesn't love soup? Amazing ginger carrot soup and hearty vegetable soup. Very reasonably priced for the portion received. A great food spot within the main Fishtown restaurant scene.  Would definitely recommend giving them a shot. Nice friendly service.
You can always find the BEST soups @ Good Spoon. It's one of my favorite go-to's for lunch. You can do in person pick-up or have it delivered. 
I Have done both but when I do pick-up, I usually take someone with me as it's hard to find parking around there. 
I always tend to go for their Chili that is very good but their Colombian soup called Ajiaco is very delicious. 
Soups do come with bread but they make Pão de queijo (Brazilian cheese bread) which is amazing, I order this all of the time.
Great small soup spot in Fishtown. We came here because my husband really wanted soup and I found this place (thanks to Yelp of course). My husband got the beef chilli and I got the mushroom soup (vegetarian, assuming there is cream). Both were delicious. The staff was also souper (hehe) friendly. They switch up their menu every two days and use local ingredients so it's definitely a place I will revisit. They also have frozen soups you can buy and heat up later. We didn't take advantage of this on our first visit but perhaps we will on our next!
Very good soup, with a wonderful variety. Their black bean soup, and thai soup, so good. The friendly staff got an order wrong once, but luckily it was another vegetarian option, and it was still tasty - so I didn't mind. Hunker down and warm up with their fresh ingredients and side options like slaws and pickled veggies - and freshly baked bread! They have a wonderful and cozy outdoor area.  I will return often.
Places like Good Spoon make me kick myself for leaving Fishtown 6 years ago. This bowl of soup with multi-grain baguette was exactly what I needed on a rainy Tuesday. Also have takeaway options in case works got you down and no time to prepare dins.  I can see myself frequenting this spot over and over when I make the move back up north.
I like the concept.

Nothing like hot soup on an 8 degree day. 

I dig the fact that their soup is all made with organic ingredients in house and with vegetarian options. 

Service is decent and relatively fast. 
I parked illegally the last 2 times and didn't get towed while waiting ...

How do you like that PPA ?

Anyway, I Purchased 4 different soups over the last 2 visits. Dug 2 of 'em and wasn't a big fan of 2.


My only issue is the amount of salt/seasonings they seem to use in their soup. 

I get soup is high in sodium but I really don't think that much is necessary. (I could be mistaken and wrong here folks. It's just my opinion)

Maybe they could offer lower sodium soups as an option ?? 

I love their french baguette and the chocolate chip cookies are as my son put it "five stars dad !"
The chili was very tasty & the Pão de queijo (Brazilian cheese bread popover) was out-of-this-world. I also ordered a pint of frozen Senegalese peanut stew which I will try for lunch tomorrow. I love soup restaurants & I love that this place is an affordable alternative to the plethora of burger joints, pizza places & delis in Philly.
Certified 5 star establishment. Amazing food and exactly what you are looking for when walking into a soup restaurant. So so good! 

*writing this after eating a "Brussels sprout pressito" which is definitely the best Brussels sprout food of any kind I have eaten. Ever.*

Go eagles
