The other night was my first time at good dog bar for food, and not just drinks. I love the decor of this place- all the pictures of dogs on the wall are so cute. 

Luckily, there was no wait to be seated but there are limited tables upstairs so I imagine that sometimes there could be a longer wait- but you can hang and get drinks at the bar downstairs. 

For dinner, I had the brisket grilled cheese ($12) and added caramelized onions for fifty cents. The prices were pretty reasonable and the menu was somewhat typical bar food. The sandwich was delicious, and was served with both regular fries and sweet potato fries. (why don't more places do that??) 

The food was great and so was the service, I will definitely be back here soon!
After a long day of sight seeing, it was time to eat. But where do you go in a city you know nothing about? You goto Yelp, that's where! I saw a couple of Yelp friends came to "Good Dog Bar" and loved it. They raved about the burger. So armed with this knowledge, I made my way to the restaurant. I noticed Philadelphia isn't much for exterior presentation. Maybe it's because the restaurant has been there forever or maybe it's the look they're going for. Either way, it was no Roman colosseum. 
Inside, the place was long, seems to be the theme in most restaurants. It was also crowded. This was fine, they found seating for us right away. Looking over the menu I loved that it was simple and to the point. It said to me, "man, meet meat! Meat meet man!" It was easy. I settled on a stuffed burger and some mac & cheese. The mac was a appetizer and it delivered. It was really delicious. They called it creamy and that's how it was. I was excited for my burger at this point. When my burger finally came, it was thick, I mean really thick. The bacon was as well. I thought about not even trying to eat it, but voted against my better judgment. I enjoyed the burger as well. It was juicy and flavorful. The stuffed blue cheese inside made it one for the books. I couldn't think of anything else except that burger. Once it was finished I threw it a farewell service. It definitely impacted my life. I would definitely return, I loved the food and the service. The building may not be flashy, but it brings you in one burger at a time.
It's hard to find a good bar with good food, casual, fast, friendly unpretentious and decent price around Rittenhouse Square/Avenue of the Arts.  We found Good Dog Bar to be the perfect place to grab a few drinks or a quick bite in the area, and it never disappoints. 

First beer selection is great. 10 taps on draft and all decent.  They have a full bar but I usually stick with their good beer.

I love to try their specials each and every time. Always well prepared with fresh ingredients.  Always delicious.

It could get very crowded and very loud. Kind of old time dive bar vibe.  It's not perfect, but pretty damn good.
Two review updates for a bar that already has a lion's share to begin with might be overboard, but I would be remiss if I didn't report on the fabulosity that continues to bestow me on every visit.  After having dinner in Society Hill, my friend and I cabbed it up to 15th to pay a little visit to The Good Dog.  The downstairs bar was packed as usual, but we found a little nook by the bar on the second floor to hang out and watch the Phils.

I wasn't sure what kind of beer I was feeling but Josh, the bartender, proved to be a walking encyclopedia of beer knowledge.  I was introduced to many new suds; all of which were amazing in their own way, none of which I actually remember the names of today, outside of the Dogfish Head Punkin Ale (victory!!!).

When my friend decided to call it a night, I felt comfortable enough to hang out for a while on my own.  Oddly enough, this is something I have no problem doing in other cities, but have a very hard time with in my own area.  Fortunately, talking with Josh was like chatting with an old friend and put me at ease in a situation I have always felt anxious about.  I now have full intentions of baby-stepping my way through this phobia and I know exactly where I'll be doing it!
there is little to say that hasn't already been said in the other 115 reviews...so i'll try to keep this brief. i LOVE this place! and no, not just because photos of my pup adorn its walls...tho i would never want my baby on the wall of a less than fabulous establishment, that's for sure! and it's not like he won the annual dog photo contest (outrage!) or perhaps then i'd be a bit biased. so much for keeping this brief... aaaaanyway....

i'm not gonna talk about the superb selection of beers on tap or the fact that GD has quite possibly the best jukebox in center city. this review is all about the FOOD...from a vegetarian's perspective, of course.

for starters, us veggies have OPTIONS...i like options. less so for vegans, tho they do offer a few. there is always a featured quiche, pizza and cobbler of the day....and 9 times out of 10, the quiche (which comes with a side of mixed greens) is veg, i order it, and i love it. 

my absolute fave dish is the veggie cake sandwich which kicks the ass of any veggie burger i have ever consumed! as if it wasn't tasty enough on its own, it comes topped with beet chips for that perfect added crunch reminiscent of my high school days when i snacked on bagels with cream cheese & cool ranch doritos. crap, i hope that doesn't negate any respect i may have had...i swear i have discriminating taste!!

all sandwiches come with a side of the to-die-for fries. as much as i am a sucker for sweet potato fries...i am also obsessed with goat cheese, and so for an extra $2 i opt to upgrade to a more than ample side of the good dog salad instead (which also includes dried cranberries & almonds). fyi, it's only $1 to upgrade to the mixed greens. 

other GD veg dishes i have enjoyed to the last finger lickin/plate scrapin bite: goat cheese & beet salad (that's right - TWO salads with goat cheese!) // fried mozz // artichoke dip // mediterranean wrap // grilled cheese sans bacon // baked mac n cheese. see? options :) unfortunately, the dipping trio (which used to rotate fillings much like the empanadas) disappeared from the menu about a year ago or so. i keep dreaming that it will reappear one day as i LOVED (x3) those phyllo cups of yum! here's hoping someone at good dog is reading this and wants to make a gal's dream come true.......please?
Average pub food with below average service.  

I went with a small group on a Thursday night.  We waited about 15 minutes for a table, then 15 more for menus.  The good dog burger was alright, but the waiter recommended we not get it with cheese since the burger has cheese in it.  Unfortunately, you could barely taste it.  The night would have been a total loss if not for the apple turnover dessert.
There are many reasons to love Good Dog Bar, but its roquefort-stuffed burger is definitely top of the list. Good Dog is casual, cozy with some drool-worthy dishes. 
My recommendations? 
- The Good Dog roquefort-stuffed, caramelized onion-topped burger. Out-of-this-world!
- Baked Macaroni and Cheese. Delicious, cheesy and crunchy.
- Meatloaf. Because nothing says comfort food like meatloaf.
Go. Grab a booth or wooden table, and get ready for your mouth to start watering. Enjoy.
Repeat!

Four and half Yelps.
I'm not a big dog person (I relate more to the quiet contemplation that cats seem to possess) so the whole canine motif of Good Dog didn't warm the cockles of my heart like it does for some people. But don't fret; this is no Chuck E. Cheese for pup lovers. It just so happens that it's a great bar that serves some kick-ass food.

I found myself here recently with a group of yelpers who sang Good Dog's praise, and now I know why. The menu is awesome (filled with sandwiches and such) and the portions are humongous. I ordered the pulled pork BBQ sandwich with fries and ended up feasting on it for lunch the next day, too. Bonus points for a good jukebox!

There are two floors, but that night the upstairs was closed for a private event. Can't wait to check it out again and throw some darts (for fun and sport, not at people. Maybe at loud dogs, though. Just kidding.).
I am mildly addicted to the Good Dog burger. I always astound myself when I'm able to order something different. Even when I tear myself away from the GD burger, I'm never let down by what I chose. I have never had anything that I didn't enjoy, here. 

Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think they've raised the prices of their beer recently.  Just a dollar here or there on certain draughts... not enough to really notice. Even with a possible price increase they still have some of the best beers at the best prices. 

If you haven't been here, you should go. You should go and you should order the GD burger and a beer. But life is short people! If it's an hour wait, go somewhere else and come back another time. Don't let things get you down, because it'll only make you cranky.  And no one should be cranky when they eat a Good Dog burger. 

End of review, start of tangent- Yelp is a weird beast. As you write more and more and grow older, Yelp gives you an interesting way to look back on your experiences. A year ago, when I wrote my last GD review, it fit my life. Now I look back and say, "What the hell was I wasting my time on that creep for?" Yelp kind of acts as a food and life diary. I dig it as long as it doesn't turn into diarrhea.
I HATE Good Dog because of the staff.

I really wanted to like it because it seems so chill, and the food is ok, but they reallllllllly don't know how to treat people.

Among several bad experiences (shady double chargings, a friend losing her wallet and management telling her to stop f***ing calling because they didn't have it), I went one night to meet friends.

At this point, based on several bad experiences I mentioned, it was not my top choice, but that's where the crew was.  

At 1:45 they called last call.  At 1:48, with full beers, they told us to GET THE F**K out, they were closing.  Now, (with a few drinks in me especially) that doesn't sit well.  I turned to the bartender and said, "c'mon man, don't talk to us that way, we just ordered a beer, we had a long night, and we're in the industry, we'll be out in a few minutes." 

He responded, "If you're in the industry, you should know when it's time to (yelling now, in my face) GET THE F**K  out!"  Ohhhh how I wish I hadn't already tipped him, but of course he knew I had, and it made no difference.  

My friend, who is also a bartender, could see me getting heated.  He shook the guys hand, said we didn't mean any trouble, and ushered me out.  

The bouncer chased us outside, and accused that same friend who diffused the situation of spitting his beer out on the door.  

I wish I were exaggerating, but I'm not.  Also, I wasn't drunk, I had only three beers.  It was beyond absurd.  

The next day, I called management, something I had never done, and haven't since.  I explained the situation, and the woman I spoke to said, "Ohhhhh honey", (I don't like to be called honey by stangers btw), "you've just gotta understand...they had a long night, they deal with a lot of people, don't take it personally". 

I will NEVER go back.  The staff was beyond excusable, yet they were excused by management.  It's the whole culture of the place.  I can get PBR elsewhere, thanks.
I went to this place without even realizing that I went to this place.  

My 2nd time there I was like, yah, so, I heard about this place called Good Dogs with awesome fries/burgers/everything.  Friend looks at me kinda weird and was like "um..funny, i like that place too."  Then I suggested that we go there next.  It was only after two more rounds that he told me we were chilling at Good Dogs already.  

Alright, story aside.  THIS PLACE IS AWESOME.  People are nice, servers will sing with you, bartenders are cool and food is great : ) They have a coupon on restaurant.com as well, so check it out.  I really wish that I could have a Good Dog Burger right now.  Prices were decent and you should check out my picture of the bowl o' fries which were SWEET POTATO and regular fries.  

I love sweet potato fries - can we have food group just for fries and sweet potato fries?  I feel as if they are both important parts of our diets.
You know, I'm kind of surprised that I didn't already write an update for Good Dog, considering the fact that I had the chance to revisit it way back when with a bunch of Yelpers after Carrie's office hours (I guess it really was that good of a gathering!). But since we took over it's upstairs area in style during Daria's birthday bash last night, I had the chance to experience it again to it's fullest potential.

First off I have to say how amazing the upstairs area really is. Even though I had an embarrassing number of Pool games where the only ball that I managed to hit in a pocket was the cue ball (I beyond choked!) I really did appreciate the table that it had. It also had a good dart board and a full sized Mega Touch that appeased my Photo Hunt addiction. But the coolest game related thing that it offered was by far it's arcade console. not only did it hook up Mrs. Pacman, it also hooked up space invaders, frogger, DONKEY KONG, and so much more. I doubt Namco, Atari, and Nintendo would like it, but it proved to be a old school gamers dream come true.

And holy freaking hell was the Good Dog Burger the stuff of legends. It hooked up at least a 1/2 pound of beef, carmelized onions, and a Roquefort sauce that was so good I was fingering it off my plate when I was done. and the fries were an amazing blend of regular and sweet potatoes. So while it is pretty hard to get a seat on any given day, Good Dog definitely has enough to keep you happy.
I have found my home away from home bar here in Philly. And its name is Good Dog. I actually think I spend more time here than I do at home. Which is easy to do because I live only 2 blocks away. Granted I have only been to a few bars since I moved here a month ago. But this one is definitely my favorite. 

Where to start....hmmmn. I'll start with the food. Their baked mac n cheese is amazing. Seriously. The top is a cornflake crust and it is brilliant. The portion is large and you get a huge piece of blueberry cornbread along with it. I have never had blueberry cornbread, and I am now in love. I have also had their sweet potato/ regular french fries mixture and its really good too. Don't get the large though because it's literally enough to feed a small country. The fries come with a tasty orange dip. Prices are good here as well and the portions are large. 

Next onto drinks. There are a lot of beer choices to choose from, both in bottle and on tap. You can get a large can of PBR for 3 dollars. Can't go wrong with that, especially in these hard times! lol. They have a wide array of hard alcohol and the drinks are reasonably priced and strong! The bartenders are quick and know what they are doing. And they are fun to watch when they give crap back to the douche-bag drunks that sometimes come in. 

The bar itself is 3 levels. The first level having a huge bar to sit at as well as several booths. There is also a digital jukebox, so you are bound to hear anything from "Lady in Red" followed by Johnny Cash, followed by "Once in a Lifetime"...the jukebox takes credit cards as well and there is also an ATM at the back of the bar. The downstairs fills up quickly, so get there early especially on weekends. 

The second level has a smaller bar and a bunch of tables. Its a bit more quaint and good for having dinner and drinks. 

The 3rd floor is like a grown ups play room. lots of games and whatnot. 

The decor is a million pictures of dogs framed up on the walls, but of course! Lighting is low, which is nice because no one wants to drink with bright spotlights on them. 

The crowd is really mixed. All types and all ages. Definitely a great place to people watch. 

There are a bunch of parking lots/garages nearby, and the subway is close to there as well. 

So head out to Good Dog for a fun night with your friends. Or by yourself. I'm not ashamed to admit I sometimes drink alone. LOL 


Woof.
I am a lucky girl.  I live 4 blocks away from Good Dog, a cozy divey pub that was featured on Food Network's Diner's Drive Ins & Dives.  Great food, top notch beer selections, and entertainment on 3rd floor!  I'm here very often.

BEST food:
1.  GET A BURGER -  I know you always see "they have the best burgers" on every Yelp review you read, but this one holds true.  Really thick burgers, stuffed with oozy blue cheese that totally melts in your mouth.  Ask for SWEET Potato fries, they are much better!  Or, get a mix of 50/50. 
2.  DUCK QUESADILLAS - phenomonal.  Shredded tender duck, with spinach, queso, jack cheese, onions, peppers, and salsa.  Small dish, so you better order something else with it, won't fill you up, but your tastebuds will love you.  
3.  LAMB BELLY Sandwich - crisp thin slices of lamb belly, and plenty of it.  The sandwhich is stacked!  Topped with roasted tomatoes, onions, arugula, and aioli sauce, this sandwich is a marvelous treat. 

GOOD food:
1.  Flat bread pizza of the day is a winner, and so is the hummus.  
2. Duck Pot Pie was featured on DDD, and everyone seems to love it, but I personally think its sort of bland.  Its missing that special zing.
3.  Mac N Cheese is also very good.  Not the best I've had, not the cheesiest I've had, but still good. 

NOT good food:
1.  Octopus salad was way too spicy for me, and although there were several peices of octopus, there really wasn't much else.  The pears and chickpeas were invisible on my salad.  Totally dissappointed in this dish, I left hungry that night.

Besides the food, the craft beer selection is ever-changing.  You can usually catch a few rare draft beers here,  like Russian River.  The good beers kick fast, so I follow them on Twitter where they go first to annouce what beer was tapped.  The service is usually slow, but oh well, the food and beer makes up for it.  There are 3 levels, a bar on 1st & 2nd floor, and pool billiards table on 3rd floor, and darts.   

Go play!  Go drink!  Go eat!  Just don't bring your dog, they aren't allowed here!
I love the Good Dog.  I usually go at 5:00 for happy hour.  I've only eaten the drunken hummus with dill, but it is excellent.  They also have Crispin Apple Cider, my favorite beer.  Atmosphere is chill with good tunes on the juke box.  This is my go-to after work bar.
Haven't been here in awhile and decided to bring my dad before a flyers game. We decided to just get a buncha different things to try. We started with buffalo wings + spicy chicken empanadas. We also ordered the Mac and cheese and the brisket grilled cheese which came with house cut fries. 

The wings were cooked well, coulda been a little more crispy IMO, but they were good and the sauce was delicious. The spicy chicken empanadas were really good  they added crispy but not greasy at all! The brisket grilled cheeese was on sourdough bread and it was put together perfectly. It was not overly cheesy and had the right amount of meat. Their fries are hand cut and we're nice and crispy! All servings were a good size and we had plenty of leftovers which we gave to someone on the street.
Excellent food, great service. If you want a more layed back vibe than most of the bars in this particular area, Good Dog Bar is the place to go. The beer selection was generous, and had some great craft beers to choose from. I went with my go-to Allagash White $7. But our waiter Will, made some great selections for others in my party, which they all enjoyed. (Might I add, he was a great waiter.) 2 of us went with the Brisket Grilled Cheese $12- braised Brisket, BBQ sauce and White cheddar grilled on sourdough bread. Omg I'm drooling just thinking about it. And it came with French fries and sweet potato fries mixed together. What?!? I've never seen this. But I LOVED this! I will definitely be back, and you should stop in and experience this magic :)
Good dog has good grub! Sat by the bay window on the top floor. Good people watching! 

We had the brisket grilled cheese, good dog burger, buffalo shrimp & fried pickles. The fried pickles were amazing crispy and not over fried. Pickle still had crunch. Brisket grilled cheese was yummy lots of flavor. The burger was very good. Buffalo shrimp was okay I like spicy... these were mild. Just a matter of taste.

Overall good experience. I've been here a few times. I'll be back again.
Well, it's a bar. As a friend who lives in New Mexico would call it, "a Philly bar."

I can't imagine going here on a dinner date, but then I'm an effete snob gay boy, so if a dive-y bar is your thing for an evening meal as a prelude to Eros, your mileage will vary and more power to you. 

You don't eat at the bar; seats there are only for drinking. I always prefer and enjoy sitting in the wooden booths. They are well placed off to one side of this long and narrow space and good cocoons for people watching. Nicest of all (now that we are in the insufferable heat/humidity portion of the year), one is given a carafe of ice water for the table as soon as you sit. 

Happy hours here are all I have to go on and review. Service is always quick and generally friendly-ish, there are a fair number of discounted (HH) options for food (of the pub grub variety-flatbread, fish sandwich, highly touted burger which I have yet to try) and drink. I find the happy hour food to be sufficient for lining the stomach in preparation for more drinking, but nothing I would seek out to delight my palate. 

This place is dark and noisy, the music is loud and eclectic, the crowds tend to be on the hetero, 30 and under side and the gender neutral ("we don't care") toilet is clean. Everyone seems to live and let live here. No complaints from me. 

This establishment is unpretentious, reliable and comfortable for folks from all walks of life. If you just want some beer and carbs, aren't into a trendy Blume type IG experience, you'll find yourself quite content at Good Dog.
I think one of the reasons I like Good Dog so much is because of how unassuming it is, especially in Rittenhouse Square. You enter through the door, and you see some booths in a somewhat dilapidated, divey bar, with pictures of dogs everywhere, maybe a few TVs playing the Phillies game. But don't be fooled. This dive bar has some of the best bar food I've had anywhere. 

Nowadays, when you typically look at a menu for a divey pub, you'll likely assume that the quality isn't that good, and that the ingredients are probably second-rate. Even if there are some elevated items such as truffle cheesesteak empanadas, you'd probably still think, "they're probably not that good as I imagine." Such is not the case at Good Dog. Those empanadas are delicious, not too greasy, and prepared with bourbon and chocolate stout. Not too shabby, eh? My favorite has to be the Good Dog burger (not actually made from dog), with local slab bacon. The burger comes on top of a brioche bun, stuffed with roquefort cheese and topped with caramelized onions, accompanied by a mound of russet or sweet potato fries. As I've mentioned before, I'm actually not a fan of putting lettuce and tomatoes on a burger willy-nilly, and the fact that they don't do that here is much appreciated. Hot damn, that's good.

The beer selection here is pretty decent, with mostly local stuff on draft and a lot of special bottles here and there. You can also grab the pool table or the dartboard if you're in the mood for  some recreational drinking. Food and drink prices are pretty much right on par with the bars in the area, maybe a bit cheaper, and the wait staff is always very friendly, and they treat everyone like locals (shouldn't that always be the case?). 

In all, it's great food, and also a great place to hang out at night and drink with friends if you're looking for something a little more low key. Definitely a destination for me when I'm back in the area.
Made an impromptu stop here for a late dinner after the NHL draft at Smiths and I was so happy with the Buffalo Style Shrimp Po'Boy that I got! The jumbo shrimp were coated with Buffalo sauce and crusted with panko making them very flavorful with a wonderful crunch. The Po'Boy was topped with blue cheese which helped to cool down the spice from the Buffalo sauce. It also came with a side of Fries which I think were a combination of both regular and sweet potato. Loved that! As hungry as I was, I wasn't able to finish my entire meal because of how big and filling it was!

Since I just made a quick stop in for some grub, I didn't get to scope out the entire restaurant/bar scene. I definitely plan to return though when I can dedicate more time to it. It has an awesome vibe, good food, and a rather large drink menu. It would be a great spot to meet up with some friends on a weekend!
tl;dr a trendy dog-themed gastropub with one of Philly's consistency delicious burgers

On a block monopolized by millennial hotspots like Max Brenner and Howl at the Moon, Good Dog Bar is a place that you walk by without a second glance. But those in the know will tell you that this unassuming joint is one of the better gastropubs in the city.

Good Dog's unique decor walks a fine line between "dive bar" and "hipster." The dimly lit space feels cozy with its stamped tin ceilings and dark-stained wooden shiplap. The long bar stretches across one side of the restaurant, echoed by a series of booths on the other. Industrial bilobed lights are placed between the countess black-and-white canine portraits speckled about the wall.

I've been here a number of times, and the experience has been consistent. During this past lunch visit with my partner, I decided to stick with the tried-and-true Good Dog Burger: a giant patty stuffed with melty Roquefort cheese and topped with sweet caramelized onions. Each ingredient oozed into a deliciously messy bite. My only gripe is that the brioche bun was not toasted to give a little texture to a somewhat soggy meal. Beyond the burger, I received some alarming news on this visit: Good Dog decided to discontinue their sweet potato fries. The regular fries and tangy garlic aioli hit the spot, but the dish won't ever quite be the same again.

While the food is always the move, the not-quite-attentive and not-quite-friendly service always leaves something to be desired. Don't expect anything beyond formalities -- but for just around $15 for arguably the best burger in the city, Good Dog is a must-try.
Things you should know:

 - Good Dog charges $3 for coffee and $3 for soda. 
 - You waitress may attempt to charge you for soda refills. 
 - It's against Good Dog policy to charge for refills. 
 - Your waitress may claim your refill charges were actually other sodas you ordered.
 - Lack of integrity is not conducive to tipping or repeat business.
Smiles from your burger
Beer soaked music rock my ass
Sad heart soggy fries

1/2lb. perfectly grilled pink centered (my preferred temp) ground sirloin topped with a heaping mound of caramelized onions and Roquefort cheese on toasted brioche! Stop it already, I wanted to order a second right away! Sadly the mixed sweet potato/regular potato fries were old and limp...but I ate a ton anyway :) My friend's chicken sandwich was uneventful despite the pesto. She also felt the sourdough was too over the top bready and ended up eating her sandwich sans bread.

There are plenty of posts regarding their beer selection so I'll only add that I happily criss crossed the country from my glass.

The clincher for me was the music which went a long way to create an over all vibe that made me feel at home the moment I sat in my high backed booth...While at times over the top loud, the selection went from Old Dirty Bastard, to Modest Mouse, to The Murder City Devils! 1-2-3  I was in heaven...until Brain Adams made an unwanted visit to the speakers! After a few seconds reflecting on just how bad Kevin Costner's accent really was, I decided I liked the fact that BA's schmaltz was in the mix.

Let them know I'm coming back soon for the Duck Pot Pie....
i think this place is a bit overrated...true they got a good beer selections... and any red blooded american can not like ground beef stuff w/ cheese.. but the burger itself is usually a bit dry....royal tavern, johnny brenda, standard tap, north 3rd, varga, smokin betty's, monk's all have better burgers in my book...they do have sweet potato fries but they have been a bit soggy for my likening.. avocado dip ..ehh pass... duck pot pie which i thought i would love cuz they are combining 2 of my favorites things...was just pretty good. not a bad place if u are in the area but i wouldnt make any special trips to see this average to pretty good dog bar and restaurant
I had the pleasure of dining here for lunch with Miss Carrie E and Monica from The Philly Metro. It was the perfect spot to defrost on a VERY chilly afternoon. 

Upon entering, we snagged the only table left on the ground floor but were soon asked by a waitress if we wouldn't mind hoppin to a booth as this table was for parties of 8. Though I have my doubts that table coulda fit more than 4, we didn't mind: 1) because I felt like a 4 year old sitting at the grown ups table because the bench was so low and 2) it was so dark we could barely see! We opted to head upstairs and were treated with a table with a view - and chairs that reached the height of the table! Upgrade! I could also see the darling pictures of all the pups that graced the walls. Anything with pups gets an automatic extra star in my book.

Unfortunately, I was still feeling a lil down and out from a tummy bug that had been going around, or I would have gotten elbow deep into one of those burgers. Carrie got one and I looked on longingly as it comes with regular AND sweet potato fries! Talk about amazing. I got the chicken chili and cornbread which was a tummy warmer and the cornbread is about the size of a brick - which is great for dippin! The service was also stellar - they'd notice our empty glasses and refill before we even had to ask and were super friendly.

All in all, next time I'm in the City of Brotherly Love, I'd definitely love to hit up this spot again! But this time, that burger is mine and I'll also have a beer with it.
The first time I went here I was too nervous to eat (I was on a first date with a really cute boy).  And that sucked, because my food was really delicious.  I had the melted brie and sun dried tomato pesto sandwich.

The second time I went here, we decided to leave before ordering because our booth had a funny smell and there were no other tables open.  The 3rd and 5th times it was too long of a wait for a table.  But the 4th time was just right (BBQ pulled pork sandwich).    

As I said earlier, I couldn't eat much the first time I went to Good Dog (because I'm silly and get nervous on first dates).  Fortunately, we were at Good Dog where the food is all super tasty but super small.   Sure, you get a plate full of fries... but when I order a sandwich I would prefer more sandwich than fries.  Maybe that's just me? 

But the atmosphere is nice.  I have friends that would go crazy for the cute pictures of the dogs hanging on the walls.  And they have a decent selection of beers on tap. 

Besides, I think it's cute that their website says, "Bone Appetite".

EDIT- Today I went back to Good Dog for a 6th time (Good Dog Burger- super delicious).  After eating, my boyfriend gestures to my plate and says, "You did much better this time." And then he leans back and says, "Oh, and I read your review on Good Dog," and smiles and nods.
If I could give them no stars, I would. 

Six of us walked in, immediately we got attitude. Someone comes up and tells us we can't move the bar stools a few feet down the bar. The bartender rattled off the bottle beers so fast we had no idea what she said. She seemed bothered that we were even there. 

Then some guy in a wool cap comes over and tells one of our group that she can't put her purse on an adjacent table (when she was just getting herself settled). Then when we call him on it he says "so it doesn't get stolen". Uh, we were the only ones there. 

The owner needs to give the staff a friggin' lesson in manners. Static as soon as we got there! Uncalled for.

We'll take our $100 and spend it at Fadò.

By the way, I paid for our beers and we just left them on the bar. THAT'S how rudely we were treated. BTW, I've done 25 reviews on Yelp and this is the first negative one I've given.
First off.... I consistently love this place (food, beer, atmosphere, service), but not tonight.

Met up with a group of friends to grab some brews, a pretty normal rendezvous that we do during the week. We were there for about an hour or so until we decided to play some songs on the jukebox. My friend decided to play a few Tom Jones songs as a joke. Ha ha, we laughed and waited for the songs to be played.

As soon as "It's Not Unusual" hit the speakers, the bartender shut it off within 5 seconds of the songs intro. We waited for our next TJ song to play... again shut it off within the first few seconds. Instead, the bartender put on some seriously awful death metal.

At this point we were pretty ticked that our almost $8 went to complete waste so I went over to the jukebox, put in $1, and selected "It's Not Unusal" again (because not one of our songs had played in it's entirety thus far). 

As soon as it came over the speakers we got about 10 seconds into the song and then the bartender shut the music off and yelled over the bar in a VERY mad matter "Ok, who put this song on?!!" It was me but my friend quickly jumped in front of me and told the bartender it was him. Soon, a verbal argument broke out... about a Tom Jones song. Really? After some words were exchanged the bartender had my friend kicked out, to which he calmly complied.

But before he got kicked out, the bartender said "That money you spent is now my tip. I'll masturbate all over you tonight" to my friend as he exited. We're not really sure why or what he meant by that, but when you're in a fight about Tom Jones... you don't really know what you're saying.

Moral of the story: Don't EVER play Tom Jones in Good Dog or you WILL get kicked out.

So all I'm saying is: Bartender, why you so grouchy and miserable? We are paying to be there so why can't we play the songs that we want? A-hole. And sir to you I say: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weUqfiyqUy8&feature=related
I used to frequent this place with my boyfriend to take advantage of their "in the biz" 20% discount. I took a trip back for a quick happy hour. The bar downstairs was packed at 6:30 on a Wednesday, but the 2nd floor was empty. 

The specials were 1/2 price cans & $5 specialty drinks.  I got the Arnold Palmer, sweet tea vodka and lemonade.  Nothing fancy, just a great tasting simple drink. Our server was fantastic, incredibly accommodating and friendly without being saccharine sweet.  She even let us take the table even though we weren't planning on ordering food. 

A couple of Arny Palmer's later we were ready to order food!  The fries were amazing - as usual - 1/2 sweet potato, 1/2 regular and perfectly crispy.  

I have absolutely nothing to complain about.  Love the location, food, puppy pictures & price.
I am probably sure that there are many a burger places in the city, but this place clearly stands out .

All the times I have been here I always order the good dog burger which has the Roquefort stuffed inside, and am never disappointed. ( A piece of advice to ppl who like their bugers well done, plz skip that step cos the cheese evaporates and order medium rare ).
My vegetarian friend ordered the Melted brie, and sun dried tomatoes , pesto sandwich and was raving bout it for the rest of the day.

With a good selection of seasonal and popular beers on the tap along with scumptous sweet potato fries on the side , there is a very slim chance u wont leave this place not satiated. 

The walls of the bar sport pictures of mutts of all shapes and sizes , which add to the ambiance, the service is extraordinary , but sometimes u'll have to wait long to get seated on busy days as they are quite constricted for space. They have 3 levels for seatings and on wednesdays they have quizzo at around 9. 

i am a big fan and always abide by their motto - "Come.Sit.Stay" ....
woof woof
Awwwww yeah people!  A few yelpers descended upon the Good Dog last night and good times were had. 

I didn't get the Duck Pot Pie as I said I would on my next visit simply because I don't think my body can take any more poultry at this point. So I detoxed with the Good Dog Burger again and it was better than the first time! So effing good, and the fries were fresh and crisp this time as well so extra star!

Once again, the jukebox rocked as before. This time getting my head bobbing to Stephen Malkmus, 2pac, and Spoon in a row...I like it.

I like you, good dog. Sit. Stay!
So a group of friends and I were walking past this pub today and decided to go in for a beer and to play some pool.  When we walked in it looked like our type of place.  
- A decent number of beers on tap
- Food (even though we weren't eating, but just in case)
- And a pool table

When we were greeted by a bearded guy he was friendly as could be. He told us about the pool table upstairs and said to order from the girl behind the bar.

This is when things nose dived.  We stood at the bar for over 5minutes waiting to be served (being the only people at the bar) while she was talking to her friend not 2m away.  The look she gave us when we arrived was utter disgust, she definitely was not happy we were there.

The attitude we received from her as we ordered was horrible.  The manners of the girl were horrendous and a friend of mine even thought he saw her utter obscenities towards us under her breath while pouring our beers.

We were upstairs minding our business playing pool as we run out of drinks and sent two of the lads down to get another round. Her attitude was just as bad the second time round charging a double bourbon and coke to our bill even though we received a single.  This is when we decided that this would be our last drinks and to leave.

But the bar girl hadn't finished with us yet.

After receiving the bill and all throwing some money in to finish up and leave an underserved tip (tip only left because the bearded guy was so nice and accommodating) we all walked outside except for one of us who tried in vein to get her attention as she talked to her friend about her tattoos. As the other four of us walked out the front door to wait she yelled at us "WHERE'S THE MONEY YOU" belittling us all as the whole bar looked at us like we did something wrong.  We explained it was with our friend at the bar trying to get her attention.

NO apology, NO regret

This was our seventh state and seventh major city on our American trip so far and by far the worst service we've encountered. 

SHAME, SHAME, SHAME
By now I'm sure you've heard how awesome Good Dog is. I'm here to reiterate this message and give my own take.  

As a dog lover, the photos of dogs on the walls were obviously awesome. The only thing better than eating dinner, having a beer and looking at pups would be if they had live dogs in the restaurant. I understand why that unfortunately cannot happen.

On my past visits I've always gotten the burger. I'm sure you've also heard how great their burger is. I wasn't in the mood yesterday and was feeling a little adventurous so went with the Lamb Meatball sandwich.

It was an excellent choice and I'm glad I ventured out of my comfort zone. It was prepared with cucumber, tomato & red onion salad, tzatziki mayo on a rustic French roll. There were about 4-6 medium sized meatballs that weren't overly seasoned so you could really enjoy the taste of the lamb. The tomato and red onion salad combined with the tzatziki did a great job of adding a little moistness to the sandwich. I know the fries are awesome, but I was trying to be good and opted for the vegetables. It's an even swap with no upcharge, which I always appreciate. The veggie of the day was bourbon glazed carrots. OH MY GAWD!  They were amazing and I could have had an entire dish of them. They were cooked to a perfect not too soft but not too hard state and the glaze tasted like cinnamon. I'd say I was happy with my choices for the evening.

Our server was everything we could have asked for at a pub type establishment. He was on top of his game, courteous and not overbearing.

Not feeling too adventurous with beer, I opted for the Firestone Walker Union Jack IPA. Sometimes a classic is just nice. 

Good Dog is a Philadelphia classic establishments which I wish I didn't overlook so frequently on the hunt for new and trendy. Good Dog. Great place.
I used to love good dog. Their burgers (stuffed with cheese) are phenomenal. 

The service tonight was terrible. I wouldn't typically give a restaurant one star if their food was decent, but the service tonight was just appalling. 

I got out of work late and met my boyfriend at good dog. I was seated right away at the bar downstairs. The bartender came up to me and said "what would you like?" and so I say "I'm starving so I'm going go put in my food order first and then get a drink" and he says "no you're not. You're gonna order a drink first because that's how we do things around here" 

He was so rude I actually thought he was joking. But he was serious so I just said I'll take a yeungling and then he tells me "we don't have it so until you decide what drink you want, you can't put my food order in." And then he walks away! 

At this point I just walk out. I stop to tell the hostess that I'm leaving because the bartender is extremely rude. There have been multiple occasions where the downstairs bartender has been rude to me, but I attributed it to him having a bad day. This was just unacceptable.
Good Dog, in Haiku:

decent food and beer
cute waitstaff, average service.
decidedly meh.

I've been here several times, and it's never wowed me.  Everything's good, but nothing's great.  I enjoy its convenience, relaxed atmosphere, nerd-chic bartenders and waitresses, and variety of comfort food + comfort brews.

Hilarity ensues if you make a trip to the bathroom - there are hurricane-force air dryers above the toilets (in the same spot that TP dispensers are traditionally placed), making for a nice little surprise.
Horrible place! What a joke of a name! After a long day of work i thought I would stop in here instead of Applebee's! Because I had my service dog with me I thought it would be a better option!  AND I WAS SADLY MISTAKEN! As soon I walked in I got hassled for all of my dogs service info and then was told I was not allowed to be in here with the dog even tho it was a service dog! The guy in the front was extremely rude and laughed the whole time! I would not go to this place even if I was paid too! So highly recommend to keep scrolling and look for somewhere else to go!
Calling all dog lovers! This place has the cutest dog decor hanging up. I didn't know that was the reason behind the restaurant's name, but once you walk in, you'll see walls covered in dogs. 

Went in on a Sunday afternoon with a friend. It looked crowded inside, but they seated us upstairs which had ample seating and a full bar. 

I checked out the menu beforehand, and I knew I wanted to try the vegan cheesesteak. To start, though, my friend and I ordered deviled eggs. Not bad. They tasted like they had bacon bits in them? I don't recall seeing that on the description, but either way, they were good. I also got a strawberry beer on draft which was excellent and my friend ordered the Bye Felicia cocktail. 

Now on to the good stuff! Vegan cheesesteak, two thumbs ALL the way up. It was cheesy and savory. The bread was soft on the inside and crispy on the outside. They use sesame rolls for their sandwiches and although it's different, it's quite delicious. Will be trying that at home from now on. 

Definitely recommend this spot to anyone looking for decent drinks and yummy bar fare. Kudos to our server who complimented me on my personalized debit card. He got a kick out of the picture I had on there. Too funny. I'll be back for some more puppy love!
All right I get it now after visiting tonight. 

Really good beer on tap: CHECK

Hot waitress with tattoos that makes me want to get one: CHECK

Insanely delicious burger with cheese in the middle: CHECKITY CHECK CHECK CHECK

Some of the best fries I've ever had: CHECK CHECK CHECK CHECK CHECK CHECK

Sad when I left hot waitress and good beer: CHECK

Coming back for waitress, other menu items, beer, and dessert: CHECK

In a sea of overprice, overhyped restaurants present in Center City, this stands out as a beacon of culinary hope and delight. Ok, maybe that was a little too much hyperbole, but damn the food was good here. I"m going back as soon as possible.
Much fanfare had been given on the Internet about the burgers at Good Dog, a bar located on 15th street between Walnut and Locust, especially in regards to their Good Dog burger which comes stuffed with Roquefort cheese.

I opted for their traditional burger, prepared medium - which is how I ask for all my burgers. Medium gives you just the right amount of pink for it to be juicy, but not still mooing. I came during the lunch hour on a Friday, so it was full but not packed and I sat at the bar. And waited. And waited. When I was at the point of gnawing my arm off I was so hungry, my burger finally arrived on - SURPRISE! - a brioche bun! (But that was on the menu so I guess I already expected that. Plus, I could tell by everyone else getting served their food before me.) Their fries came with a side of their housemade aioli for dipping. It was kind of like a watery version of the onion ring sauce at Burger King.

I prepared to dive into this delicious burger, my palate poised to receive the succulent, juicy meat. But, lo and behold after first bite, I realized not only was my burger not even the slightest bit of pink in the middle (it was hard to tell at first in the dim lighting of the bar), but it was dry, overcooked and charred - lettuce, tomato and ketchup used as an attempt to cover up the grill marks. I was starving so there was no way I was sending it back at this point and so, I trudged on and chewed through the meat like a dog chewing on rawhide. I was extremely disappointed. No flavor, just the taste of burnt beef in my mouth. And let's not even get into the brioche bun being used yet again in a completely unoriginal attempt to fancy-ify this overpriced bar burger. ($11?? Seriously??)

Regardless of how busy your kitchen is, the least you can do is try to prepare food to your customer's request. I can only imagine what would have happened if I ordered a steak there (if they even serve steak; I have no clue.) Or if I had some kind of food allergy. (I actually think I did have some allergic reaction to whatever was in their aioli after I left. I've never known myself to have food allergies before, but my throat felt like it was closing up and made it hard to swallow.) I guess they just figured it was better to overcook my burger then undercook it, and that does not a good burger make. Bad dog, very bad dog.
As I am questing for Phillys best burger, I naturally had to stop here. I would say this burger ranks in my top 10. Not really sure about the top 5 but I am not going to object to a re-tasting! I went there for lunch on a weekday so I cannot speak as to the crowds or anything like that. The burger is good and well worth the visit so give it a try, just don't burn your mouth from the cheese that comes out of the burger!

Bottom line; If you love good burgers, give it a try. May not be the centerpiece on your "mantle", but its deserving of a place on it.
I once had a sculpture professor in college who was universally known to be a real butt to pretty much any student.  He demanded that we preceded his last name with "professor" and never took any fraction of our opinion into consideration when it came to the development of our own artwork.  But still, we took it because he was so brilliant at what he did.  I feel the same way about Good Dog.

Good Dog has delicious food.  They make one of the best salads (Good Dog Salad) and a decadent burger that is filled with cheese (Good Dog Burger).  They have a good selection of rotating beers.  Way to go!  

But some of the staff there wins the "biggest butthole" awards in all of the city of Philadelphia, which is saying a lot.  They have this idiotic policy where if you want your check to be separate, you have to inform them BEFORE you order.  This is mentioned (in a buttholey way) AFTER you eat.  

Okay, okay.  My bad.  I came in and didn't know the rules.  Next time I come, I'll specify before I order that I want separate checks.  

So I did.  And I was made fun of in a way that wasn't even funny.

Let's just face it, butthole waiter.  You do not want to have to type in two checks on that touch screen, you are that lazy.  It's bad enough that you forgot to put in a drink order because you were distracted by having a conversation with your friends, but please understand that some of us will be leaving our large party at different times and will need a separate check.  Butthole.  

And so it's the case where the food is so delicious but it's almost not palatable considering the buttholes you have to deal with to get it.
I've been to Good Dog three times now, and can tell you with the utmost confidence to please go somewhere else.

The first time, about 3 months ago, I went for lunch on a empty Saturday afternoon... This was the most pleasant experience I had, as the wait staff only had a few other tables to attend to. The food was just okay, I had to keep telling myself that bar food is never that great anyway... right?

My boyfriend had the burger that everyone raves about, and he wasn't too impressed with the "jucy lucy" style patty. I tried it as well, and I'd only suggest it if you are a fan of bleu cheese and thoroughly cooked burgers.

Second time, about a month ago, I went with a friend to watch the Eagles... No food this time, strictly beers. This time with a full bar, the downstairs waitstaff was competent but slightly unfriendly... ok fine, we are in Philly.

The third time was the last time.

I met some friends in the upstairs hall for dinner. We all ordered beers and a bunch of appetizers. I ordered the artichoke dip and had to send it back. It was more lemon juice than anything else, and the pitas they used were burnt. One of my friends ordered the hot wings, which he couldn't finish as they were too hot for human consumption. The only good thing that we ordered were the cheesesteak empanadas. It's like they had another chef make them and ship them to Good Dog.

When we were done, we tried to get our check... This was an exercise in futility. At first, I asked nicely and was totally ignored. Then another one of my friends asked nicely, and was told "In a minute". A few minutes after that, we all put our coats on (trying to hint to the waiter that we wanted to go). Still being ignored, the waiter passed us by again and said to another table that we were being assholes.

Never again Good Dog, never again.
I've been to this bar many times but have to write a review anyway considering it's my hands-down favorite spot in the city... and from what I'm gathering, you can't add to your list of faves without reviewing first, correct?  I'm new to this Yelp business.  

I always want to try other things on the menu because everything sounds delicious, but I just can't break myself away from the Good Dog burger.  Basically, it's the best burger you ever tasted, stuffed with melted blue cheese, topped with sauteed onions and served on a quality roll.  It was probably an act of divine intervention that I even ordered this thing for the first time because I didn't even like blue cheese... but it sounded so good that one night after many beers, I gave it a shot.  Let's just put it this way: any time I leave my friends at the bar at 1 a.m. to "go home," they all know what I'm really doing--heading to Good Dog to get my fix.  

Also very much appreciated are the interesting bartenders, the big dude who seats tables, the sweet potato fries with Good Dog sauce and the newly renovated bathrooms (thanks for that!).  I heart this place.
I'm only giving three stars because the food I had was excellent and my boyfriend said his burger was probably one of the best he has ever had. But the service, however, was the worst I've ever had and I intend on calling tomorrow to hopefully speak with a manager. 

I didn't catch his name, but he has dark hair and gauges in his ears. I do remember from glancing at my check that I was sitting at Table 31 (in case management is reading this) at 12:30pm just enjoying dinner after my boyfriend was done work. As far as service goes, all this man did was drop off two sodas and we didn't see him again until the meal was over. Now that's whatever because as a restaurant manager... I won't ever leave a terrible tip, because I do understand the nature of the business and tend to give the benefit of the doubt. NOW, my check was $52.92 I believe. It was just shy of $53. I put $65 in the check book and I'm 100% positive of that amount as I counted it THREE times to be sure I left a $12 tip. I count money every day of my life. 

He comes over and asks if we need change and I politely say "No thanks, it's all good!" And he walks RIGHT BEHIND US TO HIS SERVER STATION. So he didn't have far to go with this check book. 

He huffs and puffs and comes back over to the table, THROWS THE CHECKBOOK ON MY TABLE and says "keep the change". The book only had $2 in it! I said "I gave you $65... I don't understand why you're throwing $2 at me" he then continues to argue with me about the tip I left him and stands practically on me until I reach into my purse and hand him ANOTHER $10. This dude got $22 to embarrass me, treat me like a degenerate and all he did was drop two sodas off and input an order. 

Any server would lose their job for treating a customer that way. How dare he argue the tip when he hastily counted the money I handed directly to him. What a disgrace.
When we got engaged (!!!!) this past weekend at Dilworth Park, immediately after (in a daze) we started wondering what to do now and decided to go for a drink to celebrate. We decided on Good Dog since it was close by and was always a win in the past. Upon entering I yelled (I think) at the poor girl at the door that she was the first one I'm telling and that we're engaged! If she's reading this, I'm so sorry I yelled. I was overly excited. Haha

She seated us at the table under the front window which I believe they normally reserve for people that are ordering food too, so that was really sweet of her. To make things even more special, our waitress brought us glasses of champagne and a congratulations! Everyone was just so nice and it really made our already awesome night over the top amazing. The night was such a whirlwind but we'll never forget how lovely the people at Good Dog were to us. Thank you!
As a single lady I enjoy a little eye candy when I'm at a bar.  Not much of that going on in Good Dog, but that's not the reason for the bad review.  Maybe it's just me, but I've been to this place a few times and I don't get what the fuss is about and why it's so loved.  The food is awful.  I've had the cheesesteak empanadas: disgusting.  And the sauce to dip them in? Gross.  Last time I was there was on Tuesday night because we were hungry and 1 of the people in my group of 6 said we HAD to go there.  I told him I'm not a fan, but I didn't wanna be a Debbie Downer so I reluctantly agreed.  He ordered the quesadilla, which looked like dog food (maybe that's what they're going for due to the name?) and the buffalo shrimp.  Not impressed with either but I wasn't paying for the apps, so what did I care?  I ordered the grilled cheeses which comes with cheddar, swiss, bacon, and apple.  Can't screw up a grilled cheese, right? Wrong.  Absolutely no flavor whatsoever.  The fries seemed stale and hard, and the chipotle aioli had no flavor.  I'm not gonna pack on pounds for nothin!   Needless to say I didn't eat it.  Jillian Michaels doesn't kick my ass every morning for me to ingest those tasteless calories!

With my disgusting spiked arnold palmer (Jack & lemonade) that I didn't drink and my flavorless grilled cheese, I somehow managed to pay nearly $30.  WHA??? HUH???

If I want GOOD food and beer I'll stick to Bishop's.
Used to be a great place. Went there last night, the service was terrible. Took forever to get a drink, and when I ordered a Coors Light the bartender made fun of me for it. Not a tactfully, "just playing around buddy" kind of make fun, but a crude, cynical type. He insulted the woman I brought with me for ordering a water (shame on her right, trying to drink responsibly), and then yelled at me when I pulled out my camera and took a picture of the place. Don't like public exposure? Well here it is anyway. I'm now going to write some reviews on the other AMAZING local places who don't talk down to their clientele, especially ones who are going to take professional pictures of your place and put them on the internet.
Its been years since I first walked through The Good Dog's door, but my love for the place remains firmly intact... and apparently, same goes for everyone else who frequents the GD. Every time I stop in lately, the downstairs bar is jam packed and the second floor dining area has people at neighboring tables bumping elbows.  

A friend who was a Good Dog virgin and I made plans to meet up on a Wednesday night. At 6 p.m., the place was a mob scene, but we lucked out and nabbed the last available two-top on the second floor. Wednesdays are special because cans are half-priced, but we opted for draught beers instead, which were $1 off because of the 5 - 7 happy hour.  

Despite having every intention of ordering a salad or even a chicken sandwich, one glance at a Good Dog burger being carried past me at eye level weakened my resolve. Our server stopped by and I found myself saying "we'll have two Good Dog burgers, medium-well."  

Since when do I order for my friends?!  Did I suddenly become a time-traveling gentleman from 1955?!

No. This is just another example of the power that this burger holds over me.  I'm weak and have absolutely no willpower when it comes to meat...  Er, that is, meat of the ground-sirloin-stuffed-with-Roquefort variety. Obviously.  

I'm not ashamed to admit, my scale will fluctuate up to 5 lbs. more than the previous day after a night of Good Dog burger badness. It's worth it. Every. Last. Bite.
Meat Loaf here was great.  Served with roast brussels sprouts which were undercooked.  But meat loaf itself was yummy.

Also tried some hamburger that was stuffed with cheese, which was pretty good.  Burger was cooked more than I'd like, but I like it rare.
Walking into Good Dog always puts a smile on my face! Despite it being dark and divey, it always has a great vibe and the bartenders are friendly.

The pooch portraits alone put me in a good mood! The  bone shaped chalkboard beverage specials is always a nice touch.  

Our group sauntered in on Friday night to pre-game before a pre-game party., thankfully we were able to snag a seat.  We ordered some food and pints, which set the wheels in motion for a great evening out on the town.  The bartender wasn' t too chatty, but she was quick and knew her beers.
My husband had the traditional burger, which is always a crowd pleaser, the side of sweet potato and regular french fries was a separate order in itself! It was huge!! 
The Good Dog burger is my usual  go to order when I stop in. (Actually, all of the burgers here are top notch!) I was torn between the GD burger and the grilled cheese. I ended up getting the latter and was not disappointed, it was more of a tomato mozzarella panini than the 'traditional grilled cheese', but it was delicious! 


A great spot for after work drinks and eats! I will definitely be coming back here for years to come! I believe they still have Quizzo on Wednesday nights, I haven't been to it a few years, but it is aways a good time!
What a terrible experience I had at this elitist dive. I walked in and no one stopped me...although they should have the Gestapo at the door. I sat at I one of 4 empty booths. Eventually the waitress asked if I was waiting for others...which I was, and I was told that unless I knew in advance that everyone in our party was going to order a full dinner, that we could not sit at a table. I went to the bar...not happy...and my friends came soon.  We wanted to eat but we were  told that because one of our party was not sure she wanted a full dinner, we couldn't have a table. 

We left and will never go back...Bad Dog!  What an elitist dive. Thanks Guy...another place ruined. We went to a friendly restaurant around the corner...Misconduct.  Try their lamb sliders.
I was just yelping around when I remembered I had never written about good dog and there bangin burgers!

AMAZING!!!! This is probably the best burger I have ever put in my mouth. Juicy and cheesy and oh so delicious.  The bar itself is great to excellent beers on tap and the service is always friendly.  I usually go there after a drunk Saturday with friends so its perfect to play some pool and soak up the alcohol with a burger and a mix of regular and sweet potato fries.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  Cant wait to go back a feed my burger craving.
In a rare moment of utter blasphemy, I did not order the eponymous burger on my pilgrim voyage to Good Dog. I had every intention to, but was enticed by the menu's and my excellent server's description of the Lamb Belly Sandwich.

I shall not atone for my indiscretion. That dish, described as a "lamb bacon sandwich," was one of the more unique creations I've tasted in this sandwich-obsessed city. The braised lamb belly was tender enough to melt in the mouth but boasted crispy, charred edges from a quick kiss of the grill. It harmonized beautifully with soft foccacia that sopped up the juices and brightly sweet pickled onion to cut the richness. Think a BLT but with a decidedly lamb-y funk, far superior bread than average, and those onions in the tomatoes' stead.

My herbivorous companion's veggie burger elevated itself by smartly mimicking the texture of beef and offering solid vegetal flavors. The 50-50 split between normal and sweet potato fries enabled pleasant, absent-minded munching in between sandwich bites.

A conservative but well-selected tap list, intriguing cocktails, and friendly service round out the Good Dog experience. I will return for the rite of passage that is the Good Dog burger, but that astoundingly delicious Lamb Belly sandwich may lead me to err again.
came here last night before the fireworks per classmate's suggestion.  hands down, the best jukebox i've ever heard/seen in a bar.  now, i'm no musical genius, nor do i consider myself to be at the cutting-edge of the industry's hippest and coolest and newest, so maybe that's not saying much.  regardless, i loved the tunes, and it seemed like everyone else was digging 'em too.

good variety of beers on top as well.  the food was surprisingly good--the fries are of the rustic variety, and much to my delight, some sweet potato fries were tossed into the mix.  cornbread was damn good, too.  great location, top-notch jukebox, good food, nice vibe.  can't go wrong, in my book.
Over it. Truly and completely. I haven't been here since the last time that we paid for overpriced beer and caught attitude from the bartender for no apparent reason. My company recently decided to place an order for delivery and the restaurant accepted the order but a full hour later  Caviar emails us to tell us that this place is closed. I called to confirm and was left with a voicemail stating that this bar is closed for basic summer maintenance (Its the first day of Fall but ok). So if you are closed then why are you accepting delivery orders through Caviar? If you are going to have attitude at least be good at your job.
I have been avoiding writing this review after the last three visits but I'm afraid its time. Good dog was my perfect spot for grabbing good food and good beers with a group of friends who might have different tastes and diets (lots of veggie options). It was also my perfect spot for an unusual burger that was sure to please. In the last three visits all of the above things have fallen short. The burger has gotten consistently worse and ended with a bad experience where a few people in the group fell ill. The rest of the food that I used to love (the mussels, the mac, empanadas, etc.) have also deteriorated in taste and quality.

I'll still keep Good Dog on my list of places to grab a beer and maybe some better than average pub food but no more for a full meal with high expectations.
I don't think the people here have said enough about the amazingness of Good Dog.  After eating their fries for the first time, I craved them constantly for at least six months.  Their sandwiches are also delicious -- pulled pork, melted brie and sundried tomato pesto, spicy Mediterranean wrap, and even fancy grilled cheese or pb&j.  They have a third floor with a pool table, darts, and Ms. Pac-Man.  The second floor has its own small bar, which helps, since I've stumbled on the stairs quite a few times.  On top of all this, they have an incredibly friendly staff.  

They win extra points for always having Magic Hat on tap, for having an extra bathroom on the third floor, and for having a jukebox.

You think it can't get any better?  It can.  Their beers are $1 off during Happy Hour, and on Wednesdays, the cans are half-price.  They also have Quizo (pub quiz) on Thursdays, but I've never been.

But the fries!  Best. Ever. In the world.
More like Mediocre Dog.

First and foremost, let me say that the fact that I am not an animal person, let alone a dog person, has zero impact on this review. Even if the walls were covered with pictures of stuff I love, like cupcakes or babies or Mark Ruffalo, I still wouldn't think it was that great.

My boyfriend and I were seated in the corner of the wall during my first visit to Good Dog on a Monday evening. It was more crowded than we had expected, and the restaurant somehow made a two-seater out of an awkward space in corner. I faced a wall, and Zack faced me on a diagonal. The beer served to Zack was flat, but they gave him a new one, no problem. I ordered a veggie burger because other Yelpers said it was the best. Zack ordered the Good Dog Burger, which he enjoyed although the roquefort was a bit overpowering.

Although I was impressed that the veggie burger was homemade, with rice and lentils and mushrooms and all that good stuff, it was mushy and tasted of nothing except cumin and my #1 Least Favorite Taste - 'effin cilantro. Once it's in your mouth you can't escape the flavor, am I right?

The fries had great potential (a mix of sweet and regular) but were lukewarm and soggy, like they were from the bottom of the bag or were sitting in the warmer too long.

Three days later I found myself at the Good Dog again to meet friends. There was a line, on a Wednesday at 7:30, and we were ushered to the third floor to wait for our names to be called. As soon as we got upstairs, I felt like I was in high school, sipping beer in someone's poorly-lit finished basement. Groups of people were sitting on the carpeted floor, or in chairs set up in a circle. Only this time, I was drinking some fancy IPA and not a Coors Light.

We hunted down the hostess after about 20 minutes and she decided that yes, it was time for us to sit down. I got the beet and goat cheese salad, which did not taste fresh and light like a salad should. The goat cheese balls were breaded and deep fried. I'm all for "lightly fried goat cheese" like the menu stated, but these balls seemed like the kind you could pick up in the frozen section of Trader Joe's, only to be disappointed when they don't taste like you thought they would.
I've been told Good Dog Bar is a relatively popular pub bar in center city Philadelphia and had decent Yelp reviews, so we decided to come here for some dinner and drinks. Given the ongoing COVID pandemic, this place currently only have outdoor seating, but there are plenty set up. Since it's in center city, parking might be hard to find. The inside is very pub-like and dim, as you would expect, with lots of pictures of dogs! Service was rather good, and we had a super friendly server who knows the menu well and gave great recommendations. I'm a huge fan of deviled eggs, and the ones they have were pretty good with a decent portion of filling (which is great!). My friend had the Good Dog burger, and he said it wasn't that "special." The server recommended the wings, so I ended up ordering them. There are 8 moderate-sized wings that is in traditional buffalo sauce. To be honest, this smothered my wings so it was a little too wet for me, and the taste also wasn't that special. I guess the food pretty much made this a 3-star rating. However, my experience wasn't bad, so I do plan on coming back again hopefully when the inside is open so I can actually experience this pub to its fullest!

Rating: 6/10
Pros: Staff
Cons: Food isn't that unique/special
Recommendations: Deviled eggs
Saw this place featured on an episode of Diner's, Drive-ins and Dives, so I had the opportunity to stop for lunch in while in Center City one weekday. The Good Dog burger was awesome. Stuffed with roquefort cheese & topped with caramelized onions this burger was delicious. The cheese steak empanadas were good, but I didn't care for the bourbon infused rogue chocolate stout dipping sauce. I'm sure there are patrons that love it, but it wasn't for me. For a bar, there are a lot of interesting things on the menu like duck pot pie, beer braised short ribs and lamb belly. Multiple reasons for me to come back.
I was really disappointed with this place, especially after all the good things I have heard about it.

The artichoke dip was really awful, one of the worst dishes I've had in Philly, and the pita it came with wasn't grilled so much as burnt. The BLT was okay, the falafel was forgettable, pizza was nothing to write home about. Sweet potato fries were good, aioli wasn't that great.

Beer list was pretty good.

Atmosphere is dank and loud.
No a/c! Stay away!!!! 

The food was good and the drinks were ok. The atmosphere was hipster-like and friendly enough, but the day we happened to stop in was the hottest, most humid day of the summer yet and they had no air conditioning. More unbelievable than that was the amount of people in there, I don't know how they all could stand it. The only reason we didn't leave sooner was because we had already ordered food before realizing how unbearable it was. Literally drenched in my own sweat, I downed my food and urged my friends to do the same so we could get the hell outta there. 

I'll go there again to give it a fair chance, but maybe in the fall.
Headed over to the Good Dog early on a beautiful summer Saturday night with my daughter. We arrived around 6:00 and were seated immediately. We requested to sit upstairs and were given a window seat with a nice view of 15th street. We were even waved at by the Big Bus riders! The upstairs seating did not feel as noisy to me as downstairs. 

We went with the truffled cheese steak empanadas - shaved ribeye & truffled cheddar, bourbon infused rogue,chocolate stout emulsion. These were really well prepared and not greasy at all.  I had  the lamb meatballs - cucumber, tomato & red onion salad, tzatziki mayo on a rustic french roll and this was also a tasty sandwich. I usually get the burger, but I felt like trying something different and I am glad I did. My daughter had the grilled chicken-crispin cider brine, apple bacon chutney, smoked gouda & spinach on a pretzel roll. The roll was amazing and I would probably order this dish the next time. The sandwiches came with Good Dogs mix of regular and sweet potato fries and and a nice dipping sauce. We topped it off with bread pudding which was very good also, it would have been better if we both were not so stuffed.

We had 2 beers also from their nice selection. Our bill was about $60.00. I have been to Good Dog a couple times now and it is a solid choice for causal and pretty darn good food  when in the Avenue of the Arts area.
Half-price cans on Wednesdays is the best, especially now that they have the entire Sly Fox product line.  Small, can get crowded, especially happy hour.  Good burgers..
Good dog is a fab spot for a night on the town with your girls or a casual dinner with your man.  Yummy fare, good beer selection, and they even have a pool table and darts on the 3rd floor.
Pretentious bartenders with little to no experience. My advice is to go to many of the fine pubs in the area and skip this hole. If you do go...don't tip. 
 
I live in the area and have given this place many chances. Seen them be rude to many patrons. On one occasion I tried to explain that a fellow firefighter had lost his life and asked to give a stranger a break, Mr Power Trip got all power hungry. 
 
Not a good spot for anyone wanting to have a good time.
Sometimes the planets align, the stars shine down and the angels sing, and last night, this happened at Good Dog. I have always enjoyed this lovable pup of a bar, and after traipsing around town looking for a place to watch the Phillies get into the World Series again, my friends and I arrived on the second floor, where the only empty bar table in all of Philadelphia awaited us. Beautiful. 

I can always find a beer I haven't tried yet at Good Dog, and their seasonal cocktails are interesting - sometimes delicious and sometimes kind of the opposite of delicious. Last night my friend tried to order one and was warned off by our waitress, which was kind of her. 

The menu is on the small side but well-rounded, with options for a full meal, dessert or just drinky snacks, and there is plenty to choose from for vegetarians. The grilled cheese (hold the bacon) is divine, and last night I branched out and tried a veggie cake sandwich, which was also delicious, with beet chips and a zesty mayo. The mix of sweet potato and regular old potato fries offers a welcome element of surprise rarely found in that food. 

When I grow weary of the endless shuffling and scratching of baseball or my friends' increasingly drunken banter, I love to just space out for a minute and look at all the dogs. So many adorable dogs. Man, I love dogs. Good Dog. Yes.
Yet another dinner prompted by out of town guests.  And definitely worth the wait.

Good Dog offers a classic bar menu with some slight eccentricities to keep it interesting.  We settled on the Truffled Cheesesteak Empanadas as an appetizer and I dug into my Good Dog Burger with gusto.  Roquefort in the center and carmelized onions = pleasantly delicious.  I also sampled one of my guests Meatloaf: also no slouch.

The drink menu isn't huge but they carry enough of a selection to meet most peoples needs.  This includes your standard local philly brew-pub fare.

Good Dog has a comfortable atmosphere, at least during the week, and can be counted on for a solid meal that won't break the bank.  Get on it.
The quiche and salad is also a great choice. I despise salad for the most part, but they use a nice dressing mixed with dark leafy greens (no iceberg y'all). The quiche changes daily and is a good-size portion. I've actually changed to ordering this more often than the burger because I don't want the fries with a side of burger.
I'm always big on telling people how much I dislike Good Dog.  It's hit or miss any time I go with regards to food. I didn't write a review because I've not been for ages and didn't want to write from a bitter memory. 
 
I went a couple of days ago with a dining companion and I have to say that again, the food was kind of crap--I had the chicken cordon bleu chicken fingers and they were rubbery and had hardly any cheese or ham in it.  Also the fries smelled like feet.  

Because I went on a Sunday evening, the crowd was less douche and hipster like than it is during higher traffic times.
This bar is one of my favorites in Philly.  In true Philly style, they focus on serving good beer (lots of microbrews, rotating selection) at good prices while serving quality food, rather than the normal pub fare.  The first time I walked in, I remember feeling super cozy sitting in a booth surrounded by dark wood, dark red paint, tin punched red ceilings, and pictures of pups all over the wall.  I was impressed by the beer selection, but blown away by the menu!

All of that is still true today.  Good dog is a great place for lunch with the adventurous grandmother (she loves it here!) as well as a late night stop to soak up some alcohol in greasy fries.  I especially love the quesadillas, the quiche, the grilled cheese, and (if I liked roquefort) the burger.  The fries that come with all the sandwiches are some of the best in Philly: a mix of regular fries and sweet potato fries.  

The service is sometimes a little lackluster, but it's always pleasant and the servers definitely know the beer on tap and do a good job helping you choose.
Finally made it to the Good Dog. We were seated right away on a Friday night. The  bar area was very crowded. 

We ordered quickly as we were hungry. I went with a Yards Philly Ale and the long awaited and much talked about Good Dog Burger. My daughter had the fish tacos and my wife had the Lentel soup and the Soy Ginger Salmon burger. The Lentel soup was ok but pretty bland. The Fish Tacos were very good and came with a nice salad and calamari. My burger was really good and met expectations. The bun was perfect, light and not soggy and fresh. The stuffed Roquefort burger was tasty and juicy. For $12.50 it includes a generous portion of regular and sweet potato fries. 

Good Dog can be crowded and noisy but that's part of the experience. Took me awhile to get to Good Dog but I'll be back soon!
Good Dog often ends up being one of our go-tos on an evening in the city.  The downside to this place is that it's small and generally pretty packed, but on the upside, you can put your name in for a table.  For us at least, the wait hasn't ever ended up being that long.  You'll get bumped around a fair amount by the servers and passersby if you try to stand behind the bar stools, but it's a pretty tight place, so there's not a lot you can do in that regard.

So, I guess that started out kind of negative, but really, aside from that minor set of issues, this is a great place.  It's smallness makes it cozy.  They have a decent beer selection and their bartenders are attentive.  The servers at the tables are able to offer good suggestions for beer, food, and beyond (we were ready to move on after dinner and asked the server for a recommendation of where we could go next and he even helped us on that front -- it's the friendliness and helpfulness that's among the reasons we keep going back).  

My husband and I absolutely love the burgers there.  I would say that if you enjoy the burgers at Village Whiskey, Good Dog gives them a real run for their money especially considering the Good Dog Burger comes with fries included (and that all of the goodies on top are included as well rather than a la carte).  We haven't ever had an issue where a burger wasn't cooked to our order and the combination of flavors is awesome.

Finally, if you're a dog lover, you can sit there for hours looking at all of the great black and white photos of dogs that adorn the walls.  They help to make each visit unique!
Great food, good beers, and a cool little spot! The Good Dog Bar was recommended to us by some coworkers and we decided to check it out this afternoon for lunch.

We ducked into the Good Dog Bar before heading out on our 'Big City Scavenger Hunt'. The place is very dark but it has a nice atmosphere. The bar was pretty empty so we grabbed two bar stools and had a very welcoming bartender help us. 

We ordered a burger and the brisket grilled cheese. Both came with a order of half fries and half sweet potato fries. All very hot fresh and very satisfying. 

Overall a great time with great food and a solid drink menu. We will definitely be back again. 

Cheers!
My review is strictly on the drinks and the atmosphere here.

Good area in Center City, just around the corner from the Kimmel Center.

5 stars for the all dog pictures! i'm down with anyone who pay tribute to a pet by naming their bar after it.

Its pretty crammed downstairs but if you've got a bigger group, there are more seats upstairs! The drinks are strong.....i've gotten pretty smashed just from a glass of long island iced tea - it didnt help that the glass was huge and that i am a light-weight.

But great atmosphere here! everybody's happy and so easy-going. completely unpretentious. friendly staff too.
Half price can Wednesdays! 
Tasty salads and good mac and cheese!
Dog pictures everywhere!

It's sort of as simple as that. I like this bar a lot, when its half priced can Wednesdays. Only downside is that I find it kind of crowded so I am not in there all that often.
Oh Yelp.  Sorry to say you and Guy Fieri have steered me wrong (how did that happen!?).  After watching an episode of Diners Drive-ins and Dives and then cross checking with Yelp I was pretty pumped to try out Good Dog Bar... sadly we were disappointed with our meal.  The best thing about it for me- the blueberry corn bread and all the photos of super cute dogs on the walls.

Let me back up a bit...

We arrived on a Saturday afternoon... after the brunch crowd but before the dinner folks rolled in.  We were seated upstairs on the 2nd level with maybe 8 tables and a 2nd bar.  Nice room- painted red, large windows letting in tons of light, nice sized tables and of course a few dozen black and white photos of pups.  Our waitress took her time coming over... which I guess was OK- we had a lot of menu to review.  She took our order, brought over our drinks and then disappeared for a bit.

Eventually we were able to place our order, Cheesesteak Empanadas for an appetizer and for our main meals: mac and cheese and the special of the day Fish Tacos.  All items ordered were dry and lacked any flavor.  My mac and cheese looked like it had been forgotten in the oven and came out too crispy and of course dry.  Such a disappointment.  Best part of the dish was the side of blueberry cornbread that came with.  I'm not even a fan of blueberries but this corn bread was fantastic.  The fish tacos looked a bit like packaged fish that had been heated up and again lacked any real flavor.  Salt and pepper helped a little but really couldn't save the dish.  We ate everything... and didn't leave hungry but I had much higher hopes for this spot.
The Good Dog is not always on its best behavior. One may tell their dog to "sit," or "stay quiet," but there is no way you can so easily get table service from humankind here. The notorious waitress previously described for keeping the service at very low standards has short, blonde curly hair and MEANS well. When so-called, smiled, distracted "server" is sitting down at other tables to chat while my starved friends waited FOREVER to get her attention, I was ready to call in a pitbull to scare her into doing her job. Granted, we were sitting in a corner but we felt forgotten about, had to find her to get the bill, and eventually had to BRING our tab up to the bar to pay and then leave the tip. 

Highlights: the fact that their rice krispie treats seem to be made FRESH on the premises and served within a few hours (Read: not wrapped in saran wrap and sitting out for a week). And I was delighted to see they serve Magners, a cider not easily found in any other city than the East Coast, and bring out a glass of ice with it too.

The bar also has a somewhat ingenious lay-out. 3 flights of stairs (that's how you burn off those New Year's treats) with a cozy room on each floor. My favorite is the 2nd floor, where there are a bunch of tables and chairs to be found for you and your friends. 

For those of you smitten with its cutesy theme, it is not necessarily a novel idea...there is the Barking Dog in NYC with pup pictures and Bridge Lounge in Nola with black and white photos of dogs. Which canine-institution came first? That will remain a mystery. All in all, this bar personafied is like a little better than the average Fido, but shall we bring in a well trained, TV sitcom dog to "train" the service? You might have to put ME on a leash to convince me to return.
I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich again, this time completely sober (just a little hungover)... and it was just as good as I remembered it!  Freshly baked roll, pesto and arugula, side of their amazing fries... yumm.  Oddly it seemed a lot smaller than I remembered it... but lots of things seem bigger when I'm drunk ;)
'Are you eating?' Was the greeting we received from the extremely unpleasant server.  We had seated ourselves less than a minute before so needed a minute maybe to look everything over.  She abruptly left the table.

When she came back I jokingly asked her if the $17 beef tacos were an April fools joke and got a gruff response.  

So we decided to take a check instead and eat elsewhere.  Give me a break with your rude service and overpriced tacos good dog is not THAT good. Bad dog.
My old dog used to love the color red. so I find it fitting that the decor of the whole bar is super red. and overall it's a dog lovers paradise since any dog lover will feel welcome after looking at the black and white photos of various dogs hung on the walls.
Talk about a lively cast of bartenders too! When I was there one of them accidentally broke a glass when she was behind the bar. So she intentionally smashed another on the ground and urged the crowd into a cheer. my kind of bar indeed!
Next Time I'm going I'm definitely going to try the food because it definitely looked tasty (and it should earn that 5th star once I do). Great selection of beer since they had everything from Left Hand and Sly Fox on tap, to Yuengling and PBR pounders. Be sure to go with a friend in the restaurant business because they get a discount with a pay stub that proves their in the biz.
Somehow this place mistakenly got on the food network. It's terrible. Soup out of a can, lousy fries, greasy sandwiches. Go elsewhere yelpers. Whatever you heard about this place being great for vegetarians was all lies. It's only attractive to people who lack taste buds.
I used to frequent Good Dog for Quizzo and loved the burgers and fries.  Life got a little busier and a few years passed until I found myself there with some friends a few weeks ago.

Sadly enough, the place has taken a serious nosedive in the customer service department.  A waitress named Angela seemed to hate our group from the start, although we were all sober, polite professionals.  We ordered a mix of beer and food, and had everything slammed down in front of us as if we had somehow insulted her family.  (We hadn't.)  

We had ordered multiple rounds and had only been sitting there for about a half hour when the waitress came and hounded us with the check, and some manager repeatedly badgered us to finish and leave.   We were neither rowdy nor impolite, yet we were treated extremely poorly.

My friends and I will never eat there again, and have suggested others do the same.  There are plenty of other bars in the city where one can spend money and get much better service and a wider selection of tastier beer.
This is an amazing bar. Don't believe me? Show up on a Friday or Saturday night and let the overwhelming number of people speak for itself.

The first time I came here was immediately after the Halloween Yelp Elite Event. Although I don't remember much, I do remember that it was a wild time! The employees were friendly and fun, and I had all sorts of feelings for the burgers that kept popping out the kitchen.

The last time I stopped in was on St. Patrick's Day. The bartender was super chill and even let us bring our outside hot chocolate inside to mix with a little Bailey's. We chatted extensively about her favorite things on the menu--dying to try them all now!

Overall, it's the atmosphere and good vibes that make this place great. The longer lines for a drink in a popular neighborhood are to be expected. If you allow that to keep you from having a good time at this bar, you're not doing it right.
A great place to grab a drink, munch on a burger (w/ sweet potato fries is a must), and shoot a game of pool or darts (never understood why this works as a drinking game) . Perk, the adorable dog pix on the walls .
good food, good drinks, good jukebox. i like this bar!
Went in for beer week, since they were having Green flash, i am glad i did! I had the green flash triple and it was just as good as i remember it in san diego!
Flipside of Locust Rendezvous around the corner, corner bar, not even close to divey.  Good beer, solid place, kickin' burger with blue cheese.  My price range includes alkie, assuming you're not there for 6 hours.
Best burger in Philly. I love the burgers and choice of fancy cheeses and fries. They have great beer. If you can pry yourself away from the burgers, the meatloaf is awesome too. I've never had a bartender there that wasn't top notch.

Of course, after 8 the place becomes Hipster Haven and crowded. I tend to hit the joint at lunch and dinnertime instead, especially if I want to sit down and have more then 3 people with me.
So I gave this place another chance, since I did not try their signature dish previously. Wow, what a disappointing burger. 

The bun was very good, the onions were good, but the lack of lettuce and tomato left me wanting more texture and freshness. Also, the meat was not nearly as good as I had anticipated. A stuffed burger can easily go wrong and here it definitely did. Because the layers of meat over the cheese was so thin, the result was a lot of overcooked meat. Sure, the edges were medium-rare, but most of the patty was well-done. The ingredients were definitely good quality, so perhaps the unstuffed version would be better.
I guess any time you have a couple of Russians and shots the size of a quarter bottle of vodka, it's bound to be a good time.

I came here with some native Philly friends of the Russian descend, and I guess this is the first time I've never been in the presence of Russian drinking. This is not joke folks. If you can't hang, well, just get out now because there will be a quad shot (they make these?!) of Grey Goose and you WILL feel it the next day.

I love that they have many floors, and the upstairs area is much more chill than downstairs where it's dim and more divy looking. The top floor has several pool tables you can claim, and it's a great spot to just hang out, eat great bar food (yes, after the two burgers ... don't judge me!) and drink all kinds of liquor.

They have a great beer selection, but we didn't partake ... since ... vodka. Enough said!
If I am looking for a bar and it's before the nighttime crowd has invaded downtown, I will always pick Good Dog.  The beverages here a decently priced, but the main appeal of Good Dog for me is easily the food. And if you want to get even more specific, it's the fries. I love the fries here. I mean I love the fries. I order the burger (which is also delicious and affordable) just so I can get those fries in my mouth. The nice blend of sweet potato/potato-potato fries go well with every beverage I have ordered here and I am always sad and depressed when they have somehow magically disappeared from my plate causing me to consider ordering  more. The only way Good Dog could make me even happier is if they expanded into a larger space so there would always be a guaranteed table waiting for me to sit at.
Ruff Ruff 
Atmosphere for Dog Lovers.(b/w Dog Photos Everywhere)
Great Burgers and Fries (Blue Cheese Stuffed, 1 1/2 thick, fresh and tasty)
Righteous Beer Selection (Every Style, Every County)
Friendly Staff (Happy and Knowledgable)
Superb Service (Crowded Bar But No Delay by Bartender, Waitress Provided Many Passes)

Recommend for the Burger And Dog Lover
Culinary Gem (Food Looks and Taste Great)
Decent Value (Two 16's, Large Pear Salad, Veggie Sloppy Joe and Blue Cheese Burger, both with Fires and Good Dog T-Shirt ($20) $57 bucks
I was reminiscing about sweet potato fries and a buddy suggested to come here.  

Great little place!  We went on a Monday holiday and came a bit early, somewhere between 11 am - 12 pm.  Anyway, great burgers - super juicy and delicious!  The fries were great as well, it was a mix of the typical French fry, as well as sweet potato.  The aioli sauce was GOOOOOOOOD!  

You know Good Dog is a good place when people are coming in right before lunch and having a beer or three.
As many of you know, Philly is the city of brotherly love. Now, I'm not going to get into what some of the sports fans have done or what happened to Santa 50 years ago but let's just say that a lot of people outside of Philly don't always see it as brotherly or loving. Well, I am here to tell you that if you come to Good Dog, not only will you have a fantastic time but the whole brotherly love thing will make a lot more sense. 

Came here on a Saturday night -St Patty's Eve - so as you can imagine, it was not a quiet night! Sat at the bar and ordered a beer and a burger. As far as burgers go, you can order the Traditional or the Good Dog. I opted for the latter since I had heard a lot of positive things about it. The Good Dog burger or the Jucy Lucy, as it's known in the Midwest, is a 1/2 burger stuffed with Roquefort cheese (one of the oldest and best kind of blue cheese) topped with caramelized onions on a challah bun. It is served with Kennebec fries which just like the burger, are delicious. 

I'm happy to say that I devoured this burger (I hadn't eaten all day but even if I had, I probably would've still devoured it). If you were lucky enough to be sitting near me, you got some of my fries since I was being quite generous to anyone that was sitting near me that was staring at how good my food looked, so you're welcome for that! 

I'm even happier to say that everyone from the bouncer to the bartender to the crowd were as cool as can be. No lousy customers. No drama. No bad vibes. 

They also have a great juke box which got a lot of my business. 

I had a pretty fantastic experience here. That may sound far fetched for a bar but it really was one of the most memorable bar experiences I've had in quite some time. Good Dog, you're like a brother to me and I got nothing but love for you.
Good Dog is a good bar to go to for food and drinks if you absolutely have to be in that part of Center City. I mean, if you go to Applebees across the street instead, you are a douche, or are visiting from Indiana and are scared to try anything you've never seen a commercial for. I will try not to hate, because i know a lot of reasonable people who cite this place as one of the best bars in the city. And it does have a nice ambiance and a unpretentious clientele. I think the latter point is the reason people like it so much, because all the other quality dining pubs in the city are lot hipper. So those of us who feel uncomfortable around skinny guys with tattoo sleeves might feel a bit more comfortable at the Good Dog than, say The Royal Tavern, but let's face it, hipsters are called hipsters for a reason, cuz they are in the know. That all being said The Good Dog has a good beer selection (lots of good local craft beers) and the food is decent, but in my opinion, incredibly overrated.  The Good Dog Burger (their signature dish) has melted blue cheese inside. Some people love this, but I am a straight man and don't appreciate hot goo slamming me in the back of the throat. It was actually a big surprise to me. I guess i didn't read the menu closely enough (i thought the blue cheese was going to be on top of the burger, silly me) but i didn't like that touch. For a better burger, try The Royal or the Standard Tap. I think they try too hard with the food at Good Dog. Case in point, the often raved about fries are in my opinion idiotic, like something a 20 year old girl would do to make something gourmet. Their fries are mixed, regular fries and sweet potato fries. I like regular fries, and I like sweet potato fries, but not together. They just don't mix. I know they're both tubers, but it doesn't work. It's like eating two different types of pasta in the same dish, annoying and weird. But that's really my only gripe with the place, and i would go there anytime, as long as someone else was driving or i was taking the subway. And i would give them an extra half star for the Peanut Butter Rice Crispie Treats if I could.
Came here after seeing a musical. Perfect walking distance. When we arrived we were seating immediately. It seems that the bar is about three levels with a good amount of seating on each floor and lots of TVs if you are trying to watch football. We both thought it was nice if you were trying to watch the game but also chat with friends because it wasn't extremely loud. 

To start we ordered the raclette which was by far our favorite thing. It came out in a skillet hot and was delicious. Perfect for two people to share. My bf got the Sly Fox Lager and really enjoyed it. Ended up getting two. They had a bunch of game day specials and food and drink. For our main meal we got the kielbasa sandwich which was HUGE but if you don't love spicy mustard you may want to ask without and the stuff burger which was just okay. I didn't like the cheese that was on the inside of the burger but that could be just preference. Both came with fries which were really good. 

Not sure if I would come back and but I did love all the photos of doggos on the walls.
Truffle cheesesteak empanadas.  Need i say more?  I mean, any place that comes up with a brilliant combination of two of my favorite things in the whole world and do it well deserves a 5 star.  Ok back to this in a sec.

First of all, I have to thank Erik A. for watching "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives" and strongly suggesting I check this place out.  So upon arriving into Philly and google mapping this place, it was one block away from my hotel.  AWESOME.

So walking up to it, from the outside, nothing special.  Like any other pub or bar down any regular street as you would in Manhattan.  Same as you walk in.  As if you are walking into a bar, full of patrons, and thankfully, I was able to get a seat all the way at the end.  I thought "Packed...Definitely looks like a happening happy hour place".

Once seated, a bartender came up and I asked for a Guinness.  NO Guinness.  Ok...the option for a stout like beer?  Dark Horse.  TRY IT.  I became a believer.

Then, I also got an order of the yummy aforementioned empanadas.  As I was salivating at what was going to come my way...I couldn't help but see that this place has a bustling clientele.  Definitely my kind of place.

And within a jiffy, the empanadas were served.  Crispy on the outside.  Succulent, delicious, heavenness on the inside.  WOW.  Fireworks.  Explosions of flavors.  Bravo.  YES!  YES!  YES!  To a point I couldn't stop posting on Facebook about it.

What?  YES, I am going back tonight.  Another thing I must try is the "duck confit pot pie".

Stay tuned!
Never made it past the hostess, she was so rude we decided to leave and vowed never to return.
