When it comes to buffets, I'm an afficianado. I can tear up a buffet. On a good day, if the food is good, I'll go back at least 4 times. Never getting the same thing twice. I'm the guy who has to try everything. Now Grand China Buffet is almost there. The selection is good, and the food that's there is very tasty. It's actually pretty good. Lot's of seafood which I love. And the soups are not all watery, they actually have flavor.

Now the cleanliness of the place is remarkable. The floor is actually vacuumed. The sneeze guards are clean and the food is actually marked so you know what your getting and don't have to guess. 

The service is friendly and very attentive. Which you know is rare for a Chinese style buffet. Our drinks were refilled in a timely manner and the empty plates were constantly picked up. 

Overall, I'd say this is the best Chinese buffet I've had in Philadelphia. I would eat here all the time if I could put away more food at once.
Honestly, out of all the Chinese buffets in Philly, Grand China Buffet is your best bet. I've gone to pretty much every one near the Philadelphia area (the family loves buffets), and this place has the widest selection.

I came for dinner. While this place has all the standard fare you've come to expect, there's more: hibachi (personalized noodles and bbq stuff), a chocolate fountain (you can dip bananas and strawberries), ice cream, water ice, and a cotton candy machine. I was simply overwhelmed by the amount of food choices. They have sushi, huge seafood bars, and the usual American dishes- mashed potatoes, fries, General Tso's chicken, etc. It's the same "buffet" quality, but the place just has so many options.

The seating is spacious. Some tables accommodate up to 16 people. Their servers came around often, and refilled our drinks.
I'm stumped.  I really am.  Because I just ate an unbelievable amount of hibachi, Mongolian bbq, all kinds of dim sum, sushi and Italian ice, and SOMEHOW, the Saturday lunch bill was only $12 a person after tax and tip.

And we got a real live hibachi show...literally BETTER than anything I've ever seen at the Manhattan Benihana's with pyrotechnics galore (e.g., where Benihana's makes the onion volcano steam, the guy at Grand China Buffet made the onion volcano and then doused the thing with alcohol and set it on fire...the fire shot up 2-3 ft high!).  One note on the hibachi, I'd recommend sticking to the beef and the fried rice...the shrimp was mediocre

And I had a plate full of different dim sum dumplings and things with no repeats!  And the food was tasty!

And I got to serve myself as much ice cream and water ice as I could eat

So I guess there's only one thing to do...

Summon the trumpeters, the fatties, the synchronized fireflies, the football teams, the gluttons, the black widow, the leaping narwhales and Nibbler...it is time...TO CROWN A NEW KING OF THE BUFFETS IN THE TRI-STATE AREA!!!

Congratulations, Grand China Buffet.  I was raised on buffets, and you blew my mind!

PARTING THOUGHT: You may need to request the hibachi tables.  Also, if you are a buffet newbie, please refrain from wearing tight pants
Don't be expecting high quality food. This is a buffet that charges $12.99 per person for dinner. And you definitely get a GREAT deal from the price you paying! 

They have a huge selection of fresh seafood :) from crabs, to lobster, to crab legs, shrimps, to different types of fish, sashimi, etc 

I love their whole steam crabs! Super huge, fresh and lots of meat! And their fried shrimps are pretty darn good too!
They also have hibachi that makes some good noddles with your choice of toppings! 

They also have the basics like chicken and broccoli, vegetable lo mein, etc
And they have a wide selection of desserts and fruits, watermelon, strawberries, cantaloupes, grapes, etc and italian ice and tons of ice cream flavors

Their sushi is not that great tho...rice a bit hard for me

I am definitely a fan, and will definitely return again
I went to India a few years back on a humanitarian mission and while walking down the poorest neighborhood in Calcutta (now Kolkota), I would be constantly surrounded by the people there following me and intrigued of this foreigner.

I was invited into the home of one (if you count a space that was less than a 5x5 shack that housed 4 people) and while sitting there, the wife offered me some water. Now, I saw where this water came from and did not want to get sick so I passed them down to the other locals who were there with me to help navigate and translate but the cups kept on coming, until everyone had a tin cup with murky brownish water with what seemed to be bits of dead grass floating inside of it.

Not wanting to be rude, I looked down at the cup and before I downed it, prayed, "Dear God, I don't want to die". And here I am today, virus and parasite free.

Now why would I tell this story for a review? Well, because that's what I do every time I go to these disgusting buffets. I throw up a quick prayer and hope I don't die from chronic diarrhea. (Ironic huh considering I just told a story of immense poverty and here I am complaining about a buffet). I only go to these places because I have to. Not because I want to. But because I have to. Leave it as being a respectful, younger Asian male in the presence of his elders.

Parking: Large shared lot
Price: I wish I could pay not to eat here
Wait: None
Me and my husband visit this restaurant for the first time it was his birthday so we decided to do a buffet before we go to the movies because he wanted crab legs this was our second choice. We went in the lobby was a little bit Junkie the hostess at the desk was pleasant the restaurant was mainly empty because it was late and we were trying to catch the late night movie and we didn't eat all day after running around doing things for my husband's birthday. We asked the waitress do they have crab legs which they said yes so while we walked around the whole area where the food was at it was no crab legs come to find out they brought out about 15 crab legs with some lobster claws in the water they were overcooked and undercook the ones that was in the pan I took them for my husband to enjoy but when we took him to the table we found out they was undercooked how gross is that. So we went back to our table and order drinks which was a Pepsi and a Sierra Mist they did not have ginger ale or coke one of the the drinks was in a soda bottle and you know is no refills on that I was so upset with the food it was cold small portions. Some of the dishes that was around the Boat Buffet was dirty I took a plate off and left it on the side when I came back around somebody had put it back in the stat so I took it out of the stat looked at some of the other dishes took them and put them in the bin where they clean off the table and place the dirty dishes in. Don't get me wrong if they revamp their restaurant and have fresh food the restaurant will be a hit and then is in the area where there's no stores at so no one really knows about it until you drive and look on be like oh there's a buffet on the left hand side but it's going on which way you coming to the mall but on the outside of the mall. Our waitress did not really speak a lot she just came over to ask if we need refills and clean the tables off. I'm doing this review this morning because we had to meet the movies. I even told the guy that was cashing us out that the food was nasty and cold Andover price. He just shook his head he did not apologize he didn't take any money off of our bill and our bill was $36 and some odd sense for what I don't even know and it was my husband birthday I was very upset so I said they got us this time but they won't get us again and we both was hungry and trying to make the movies and not try to ride anywhere else cuz everything else was close in the area. But if anyone asks me I say don't go there they need to revamp the whole restaurant the paint was coming off the ceiling. Took a picture of the chandelier and I usually take pictures of the food but I was so disgusted and tired I couldn't take pictures. Did my husband said I believe they have ice cream the grossest thing I ever heard of was the ice cream scooper was inside dirty water that thousands of people touch the scooper and did they own ice cream they also had sherbert but the top of the freezer was off sitting on the side and the case was wide open if it was flies flying around it will be all up in their server yuck. I thought that they had the little cups of ice cream and then they had a chocolate fountain which was amazing but I did not eat it but it was just a thought of having a chocolate fountain at a buffet when I went over there just to look at it again forgot to take pictures they had Brown banana sitting on the side and I'm not really for sure what else because all I seen was a brown bananas in the midst of us eating one of the guys was taking down the fountain so I wonder if they reuse the chocolate or dispose of it some of the ladies which was the waitresses was just standing around looking at people to hurry up so they can go home or to eat. The place look very outdated they still had Valentine's Day balloon still blowing up giving them out to some of the children not all the children but some of the children. I told my husband the food might have been a little bit better if it was hot and fresh but some of it was don't get me wrong hot but the taste was not to my liking. And I know it's not all about me but I just want people to know when you go to this restaurant check out the food before going in to sit and eat I'm so disgusted with the food the price that I paid and it was my husband's birthday dinner so I have to make it up to him and we have to go to a fine dining restaurant never again will I go to this Buffet again and if it didn't have a thing for no stars I will give it no stars. Hungry people beware. Oh I also forgot that the hostess was walking around and was sent that they was getting that and my husband didn't know what she was talking about here it is they going to get Lobster but again the lobster claws was overcooked and undercooked only thing I believe that he enjoy was the steam clams and coconut shrimp and the soda was good because it came out of the fountain. I was a sucker the night but I won't be a sucker next time.
I am surprised this place only got a 3 .  Its probably my favorite Chinese Buffet in the greater Philadelphia area.  I always go with a large group of Chinese people, and they all prefer this one over all the other local ones.

The variety is huge with sushi, a stacked Hibachi grill, cooked food, and plenty of seafood.  The place is always packed wall to wall with hungry customers but the staff has never failed to be attentive and keep the buffet well stocked.

The food quality is above average for a buffet.  If theres one way I learned how to evaluate if an Asian restaurant is authentic, its buy counting how many Asian people actually eat there.  If I am the minority in the restaurant, then its probably pretty good, real Asian food.  And that is the case here.

I'd definitely recommend this over any other Chinese buffet around.
I'm not one to write very negative reviews but I had the most horrible experience at this buffet. The food was the worst I've ever had. My family and I went there tonight (it's rainy, foggy, and nasty out) because we didn't want to make dinner and wanted something quick to eat. 

Nothing was clean... utensils had white water or soap stains everywhere and when I put the fork to my mouth I smelled a nasty fishy smell from almost every single one we had at the table. We asked for chopsticks since we knew they would be disposible. 

The food was either incredibly salty or completely tasteless. The lomein tasted like they just boiled noodles in water and threw it on the platter... my brother attempted to eat the stuffed shrimp and his fork would not go into it. 

After taking about 4 bites my mouth literally got itchy and I felt like I was getting food poisoning. I'm not allergic to anything FYI.... 

Everyone at the table got 1 plate of food and left at least 95% of the plate untouched. My brother asked for the manager just to let him know that we are paying but did not eat anything and wanted to let the manager know that they need to do something about the quality.. honestly it was out of concern for them. He got annoyed with us and said he has been in business for 4 years and said everything they have is fresh. So we left without saying another word. At this very moment my mom is preparing food at home so we can have a real dinner...

I don't know if tonight was a really, really bad night for them but I don't know how anyone gave this place more than 1 star. I'm thinking maybe the management changed because the pictures look NOTHING like what we ate or saw today. 

I feel bad for anyone who walks in there to eat there tonight.
This place is far inferior compared to Hong Kong King right down Street Road.

The pace in which food comes out is very slow and the quality of the seafood isn't great. Two out of every three plates I pick up from the stack of clean plates are dirty, so always check the plate before you put food on it.

They don't automatically replenish the more expensive items such as the steamed clams and crab legs and when it comes out, the quantity is small and cold. It looks as if the clams were already cooked, but they only replenish it when they see people waiting near the tray. The blue crabs are muddy and dirty, they didn't even clean it before serving it to the customers.

Overall, the food is bad and I'd rather drive a bit further to pay for unlimited seafood with better quality.
Wow! Went there for my brother in laws birthday and was taken away when I walked in! This place is huge! The food ranged from your ordinary chicken broccoli to fresh soy bean milk!! They had one buffet bar filled with traditional Chinese food! Honestly I was overwhelmed by the choices! For desert... Chocolate fondue, water ice, and a cotton candy machine!! Take that other buffets! You can reserve a private room in the back which has KAROKE!! I'm in love with this place! Now let's hope this place stays clean for the next few months so I can have a birthday party here!!
Firstly, the signs all over the place stating "DO NOT WASTE FOOD" are alarming. This is a buffet. not saying that people will come in here to waste food, I don't think it is appropriate granted the nature of this establishment.

The sushi bar was lackluster. I only eat vegetable sushi, and usually always have about a choice of 3 to choose from. this place only had 1. and when I took all 3, he told me he wasn't making more.

Then one of the workers decides cleaning the glass paneling along the seats was a good idea as we sat there and ate.

Gee, thanks.
Me, hubby, and baby go there so much that they immediately start talking to us the moment we walk in lol. They make these toy balloons(butterfly, sword,etc) and added additional ones on the stick, they range from $1 to $2. Baby got to get one every time we go to Grand China. 

I got plates after plates for their crawfish, cheese spinach, cheese crabmeat, asparagus. Today I like the lomein and the buffalo wings  too. Hubby enjoy cheese spinach, cheese crabmeat, fried  chicken wings, fried rice, crab cakes, etc.... Baby stuffed her tiny tummy with cheese spinach:) We definitely love Grand China and will continue to go every time we crave for everything.

P.S. FOR THOSE WITH LITTLE ONES, Grand China added a little game room far left of the buffet. Try not to sit near it, as all you gonna hear your baby is mommy there or daddy there lol. I found out the hard way, I end up bribing my little girl to eat.
This USED to be our go to buffet for Chinese food. We enjoyed the environment, service and the fact that the food was presented on rectangular white platters rather than the usual cafeteria silver pans. Trust me, it makes a huge difference. Food quality definitely went down over time. Food sits longer and takes a while to be replenished. I think it's safe to say that we're done with Chinese buffets.
This place looked great from the outside. We went inside , and although we got there in the last two hours before closing, I feel as though thats no excuse for old food. Almost everything was hard as if was out for hours. When I asked for scallions for my wontons (which tasted like cardboard) the woman said no that they were closing soon and there was no more. I was also disappointed with the staff, who were rude and frankly not sanitary. I was in the bathroom and waitress Wendy came in to perform the "hourly bathroom tasks" and checked off the list and walked out and did not one thing she checked off on the list. The bathroom was nasty, pee on all the seats and overflowing garbage recepticals. Don't risk your health or waste your money in this dump. Its too iffy for me to go back and make another whack at the place and spend my hard earned money.
YOU'RE THE NEW KID ON THE BLOCK... IMPRESS ME!!!!

I'm a very picky eater and I'm very critical when it comes to eating out.  I don't care what time of day/night it is.  If you close at 10:30, you better have the buffet tables filled with enough food for whoever is left in the restaurant.  It's a buffet!!!  I came to the place to load myself up with everything you offer, not 1/3, not 1/2, but EVERYTHING!
My wife and I basically live on buffets.  We go every week.  This place, being the new kid on the block opened up right across from our all-time favorite buffet: Dynasty.  We love trying new places, so we gave it a shot.  We got there at around 8:45pm (almost 2 hours til closing).  The place closes at 10:30.  To my understanding, that's the latest closing buffet on the strip (there's a few other buffets right on that strip).  I got there with my wife and sisters.  We were excited!  But not for too long...
FIRST thing we noticed was the big sushi bar!  WOW so big!!!  But oh, where is all the sushi?!?!!  There was literally only 3 plates on the bar... Three plates of sushi that looks to me, has been sitting there for hours.
SECOND thing we noticed were the many many buffet tables!  WOW so many!!! but oh, where is all the food?!?!!  There was 4 whole steam tables with no food at all!!!  I'm paying for food not for steam!!!  Seventy percent of the food they had out were the fried foods.  Ten percent of the food they had out were salad/desserts.  Don't even ask about the rest of the food, it just wasn't there.  On top of that, the food that they did have out... it was old.  Now, I know it's a buffet and the food is gonna sit there... but no, this wasn't sitting food... this was old, dried, dehydrated food.  You're a food establishment,  swap your food out!  Take more notice in what's on the tables before someone gets sick!

If you don't want to waste food, lower the portions and have it on the steam tables for me!  I don't care if you close at 9, 10, or 11... If I come in, and you're seating me... You better offer me everything.  Otherwise, it'd be nice to be notified when I walk through the doors.  If you're only gonna have half the food out, don't charge me for everything.

I would go on and on... Absolutely worst buffet experience ever!  Hate this place with a passion.

I'm never coming back!  Never again will I betray Dynasty buffet... you just can't beat them!  You like Crab Legs?? You like crawfish??  Go to Dynasty... you won't have to wait more than 3 minutes for them to swap out the trays.  You like good service?  you like to come in 5 minutes before closing time and still have food on the tables?  Go to Dynasty.  You want your drinks to be filled every time it's empty?  Go to Dynasty.  You like buffets?  GO TO DYNASTY!!!
The fact that I'm even writing a review for a Chinese buffet should be enough to let you know that it is something special. I hate going to Chinese Buffets because usually the food is unappetizing and the people who frequent these places are equally as nasty. I've never eaten at a buffet and felt good about it. I only go to these places when my friends and me all want something different. I stop in the beer store next door to this place so, when my friends and me couldn't decide where to eat before a movie, I decided to give it a try and I was really impressed.

This place has a great variety of food and I liked pretty much everything I tried. Sure some of the selections were a miss for me, but overwhelmingly I enjoyed the items I piled onto my plate. The food that surprised me the most was the sushi. From experiences in the past I swore never ever to eat sushi from a Chinese Buffet again. But their rolls looked good and I gave them a try. I was impressed. Sure it's not as good as a real sushi joint like Vic's or Makiman but it was fresh and tasty and hands down the best I had in a buffet.

The place was was very clean and the service was attentive. Yes, there were still a lot of fugly Walmart people there, nothing they can do about that but at least the quality of food is great. It's strange to think that I would actually look forward to going to a Chinese Buffet for a meal but Grand China Buffet is an exception I'm willing to make.
Had a birthday party here.... Again why is it the second time around the food always suck?! Wish the food quality was better.. Sigh..
Pube found in the food. Enough said.
Didn't get to pick the place to eat so I came along but never again.
My experience here was okay. I mean the food was edible at least right? 

Ranging from overcooked noodles to old limp fried shrimp, they're presented on a shiny white platter that didn't seem to actually transfer any heat to the buffet selection. If the food temperature scale was 1-10 where 1 was cold, 5 was warm, and 10 was hot. I would say the food temp. was a 3.5. Not cold but not warm either. 

Aside from that, some of the food selection just felt old and poorly seasoned. Fish was salty, the soup was bland, noodles were way overcooked, fried shrimp not crisp, the chicken was dry, sushi was more rice/cream cheese/fake crab than fish, etc. 
There's also small selection. At first, the buffet looks big because there's a lot of rows but then you realize that each row has like 4-5 different entrees. 

Service was okay. Plates were taken, waters were refilled. However, some areas and plates felt dirty. But hey, at least the bathrooms were pretty clean. So kudos to them for doing something right.
This place is absolutely enormous. It surprised me how many huge dining rooms there are, yet even when packed with customers everything seems to be efficiently run and service was outstanding.

Everything that I ate was delicious and I tried maybe 1% of the offerings! Fried items were hot, crisp and absolutely not greasy. Crab legs were delicious & everything turns over so quickly that the dishes are all very fresh.

We sat in the very back dining room that protects you from the noisy frenzy. We'll be back!
Always my choice of a buffet when family wants some buffet. 

I'm not a big eater but this place does have nice food. A nice selection of seafood. At least six different types of fish. The cantaloupes are fresh and usually has dragonfruit, strawberries, cherries too. Ice cream and water ice available on the side. 

There's also a purikura machine to the left of the front desk if anyone ever noticed that. o_o

Edit: Just a heads up for future visitors: If you want to come here on a holiday, they charge a "special price" on holidays, which is actually the price for the dinner course. I usually go to this buffet in the mornings because it's cheaper than at night and offers pretty much the same cuisine morning or night.
I an not a fan of buffets!
BUT there are always exceptions, and this is one.
1.  Very clean
2.  All food have their own taste and not like lots of buffets.
3.  Hot n sour soup is very tasty and fill of good stuff ( my criteria to judge good Chinese.
4.  HUGE.  There must be 8 tables with mostly flat plated eats.  Plus a sushi bar, Mongolian bbq and a hibachi stand.  The hibachi stand has a big sign on it saying " free hibachi". I don't know what that meant.
GO GO, you will enjoy it
worst buffet i've ever been to. the waitress pointed to the gratuity suggestion when we gave her less than the amount and waited for us to give her the whole 15% tip. Plus the food tasted like cardboard lol.
Lots of people waiting for the lobster, it will be cleared within 10 seconds each time it came out.   
Staff here are super friendly. Will come back again.
From the makers of Hong Kong King Buffet on Street Road comes the new place at Franklin mills next to Dick's sporting goods.  At least that is my understanding its the same owners.

Place is very clean, spacious and they have a ton of food that you dont get at any other buffet.  For one the have pig feet, tripe and lobster.  They also have the usual asian inspired foods, such as chicken strips and the fajita.  Did I mention they have a cotton candy machine?!!??  Yes they have one!!  How cool is that!  

All joking aside.  Food is great, always fresh, never sits out for hours!  The sushi is good.  I've been to this place 2x already.  It seems like on the weekends they have new items that I have not experienced at a buffet before like the birds nest, or the tofu with stuffed shrimp.   Looks like this is my new buffet place.  

The only bad thing i've encountered was that the service wasnt up to par.  Never gave refill unless you asked and never gave napkin.  This also depends on who the waiter or waitress was.  There was one who picked up the plates and refilled your drink without needing to ask.  I like that.  Thats what they should do.  

Great place for all you can eat!  Definately recommended!!

Happy Eatings!!
I just got back from this place and feel sick as a dog. The food was sub-par and barely edible... I wouldnt feed my dogs half the stuff they were serving. The sweet and sour chicken and white rice were the only half decent items. I thought i'd enjoy honey chicken but only to discover it was like chewing on leather...must have been sitting in the tray for hours. I understand chinese buffets are usually average at best so i was kind of prepared for a couple of poor items but one after another ? The waiter was nice and the restaurant was clean but walk or drive a little further to the chinese  buffet near the dollar tree. The food is far superior. In all fairness i did not try the hibachi...
My family and I used to love this place, large selection, fresh and tasted great. Just left after eating dinner and the quality has seriously went down! The food was horrible, cold dishes, most of it was super salty and some of the dishes tasted off - like spoiled. 

There was a fly on one of the trays of food - yuck! No wonder they now have buy 1 get 1, 50% off specials. We will not be returning. 1/2 star for the nice service. 1/2 for the crab legs being decent.
This place is horrible and food will get you sick every time a real bacteria feast and the workers are mean and they will keep hounding you for a tip go someplace else anywhere is better then here !!!!
The food here is about on par with most Chinese buffet places - low quality bulk prepared and filling garbage.

My low score is because of the service we received.

Our server was fairly rude for the duration. She seemed annoyed to have to do her job. Normally, especially during the continuing pandemic, I would find this understandable, but it really did seem like she went out of her way to project annoyance.

In addition, there was a $3 off coupon on their website and when I showed it to her she literally grabbed my $1000 iphone and just wandered off with it. Although I surmised she was going off to ask a manager about the coupon, the way she just absconded with my phone without asking permission was not appreciated.

Then, at the end of the meal, because there were two adults and one child in our party we asked to split the check on two cards. This was when the waitress really went off the rails. She said fine, but then grabbed the check and obnoxiously pointed to the suggested tip amounts at the bottom. Basically saying "But what about my tip?" So I said "Yes, when you run the cards, we will write in the tip accordingly."

When she came back with our split checks for our signatures, she then stood there LINGERING to WATCH US sign, and she was clearly attempting to put pressure on us to leave a tip.

Which we would have done ANYWAY, for crying out loud, but guess what sis? This is a buffet. Standard tip is 10%, you did not do a full service waitstaffing job. However because it's the pandemic we have made a habit of tipping 25% to EVERYONE, but because of your behavior, your tip dropped to 15%.

At this point I'd just like to point out I am a white man who was dining with a brown lady and her brown 5 year old child. Draw your own conclusions.
Came here for the first time for lunch on Father's Day. I don't really like buffets but I was impressed with the huge selection! It was quite overwhelming.

Great pluses are the made to order noodles, made to order octopus, beef, etc. There's a sushi bar (with seaweed salad). Tons of fruit and cakes including a chocolate fountain. Pizza, wings, onion rings, fries, soups, and traditional dishes you'd get at a Chinese restaurant. 

The quality of the food overall was OK since they provide so many options for such a discounted deal. They should also get Hoison sauce and the red hot sauce for dipping meats!

I really loved the mussels and I LOVED the duck. So crispy! I wish I would've eaten less of everything else and more of the duck! YUMM.
This place is ridiculious! bring your own water because.. They charge us $1.50 for a cup of TAP WATER! Like are you kidding me? Water? For a dollar and fifty cents??? Thats soo ridiculious! The food is getting worser and worser.. They hardly have good choices there.. The snow crabs comes out every 20- 30 mins.. And also the lobsters.. They only put out the lobster heads and the shells.. I hardly see any meat in the peice of lobster.. The clams are super salty.. The food isnt that great.. Besides the sushi are OK there.. Nothing in there are good.. I will never ever go back there. My tip for you all is bring ur own water! They charge $1.50 a cup!
Everything was bad, don't waste your money. Bland, tasteless, greasy, and gross. I'm well aware that buffets are glorified feeding troughs, but this was below that even. Service was fine. Food sucked all around.
We came here for dinner buffet and our waitress never brought our drinks for a half an hour. We had to call another waiter to bring our drinks for us. This place is way too big and poorly managed. Clearly they cannot handle a big crowd. 
As for the food it's average. Sushi is crap-but what do you expect from a Chinese buffet. I don't think I would come here again. Especially not dinner time.
I got a taste for crawfish and hubby got a taste for everything. So we decided to revisit our favorite buffet. We arrive around 5pm on a Monday afternoon, the buffet wasn't busy at all. They were still serving lunch leftovers, but quickly replenish with fresh dinner plates. My favorites tonight are the crawfish, green beans, and the sauteed asparagus. I was getting plates after plates of those 3 items. Hubby enjoyed his usual, cheese spinach, cheese seafood, stuffed shrimp, lomein, etc. WE WILL BE BACK SOON!!
I'm giving this place 2 stars for their big selections of food and ok service. 
Several food I tried were not fresh, their plates are dirty and wet. 
The Sunday/holiday price is less than $15/head. 
Won't go back.
I wouldn't even give this place a star if that were an option. The food was gross. The stir fry mushrooms were overly sweet. The black bean mussels/ baby clams were TOO salty. The chef is too heavy handed with the seasoning. The crab meat in the sushi was still frozen and stuck together. When the check was already paid, I left the tip in the check book and I was ready to go. As soon as I closed the check book, the server walked over leaned into the table to grab the check book and she just stayed there! She was blocking my way from leaving my seat as if she wanted to lock me in there to make sure her tip was there. I said excuse me but she didn't move. I had to shift the booth that I was sitting in to get out. Terrible food, terrible service. I will never return.
The food quality and selection has gone down a notch, so Grand China Buffet loses a star.

The other positives about Grand China Buffet I outlined in my past review still stand: very quick turnover, decent variety, surprising cleanliness, and unparalleled people watching. Not everything is good, but there are enough good things on the buffet line to keep me coming back roughly monthly. Worth the $12 to gorge yourself on seafood, the Mongolian Grill station, and some of the more authentic Chinese stuff.
My wife and I ate a number of things. Crab legs, chicken and broccoli, stuffed clam shells, cooked shrimp from cold bar, pepper steak, mushrooms in oyster sauce, chicken on stick, coconut shrimp (was the WORST next to the Lobster which tasted foul and like cleaning products which my wife spit out immediately), fruit, fried shrimp and banana pudding. Thought the food was average or just ok. Until we came home and  BOTH OF US experienced explosive diarrhea and vomited everything I ate. I will never return and will be contacting the health department after going to the er.
A perpetual cynic of trough-style dining, I was extremely suprised by the quality of food at this buffet housed in a strip mall in a non-Chinese dominated area. There was a glorious variety of food, including authentic Chinese food and standard American fare. Due to the extremely fair prices (lunch $9, dinner $13), the place was packed on the several occasions I visited, which enabled a constant turnover of fresh food. Some of the more impressive options included: king crab legs, lobster in scallion-garlic sauce, clams in black bean sauce, giant prawns, fresh steamed fish, and prime rib. In addition to the array of food banks, there were specialty stations that served ice-cream, stir-fried noodles made to order, dim sum, and....drum roll.....a chocolate fountain! 

Definitely added this buffet to a very short list of buffets I will frequent.
My family and i went on mother's day evening. 
Seems like regular price for dinner was 13.99 
I gave them a call to ask price for dinner that night 
The woman on the phone said it was 15.99 since it's holiday. I dont know why mother's day is holiday but anyway.. when we got there, price was actually 16.99 and 
The place was packed. So many food tray were empty or filled with non popular or cold food. 
We got the check around 74.95 ( including 2 seniors and 2adults)+ tips. Which was not worth a price at all!
As far as buffets go, I still think this place deserves 4 stars. Great selection. Tons of seafood. Lots of fruit and desserts. Great price. Lots of seating. 

In terms of taste, some of the stuff is below par, others OK, and others pretty darn great for a buffet and the amt you are paying.

The biggest negative to me was the sushi. Was very chewy. Definitely lost my appetite after eating it. 

Overall, a great buffet.
A very wide selection of food. Clean place. Plenty of seats. They have their own hibachi section. Pretty cheap.. I believe $8 per person. I'll update about this again.. since I'm not too sure.. I've been to this place like 2 times with my family and every single time I forgot to look at the actual price for per person. My mom or my sister always get the check and paid for it right away. To take out is $6 per pound. Again, I have to check on this one.

They have ice cream and italian ice. Surprisingly fresh sushi. Plenty of chicken and fish on the menu. Good for those who watch their cholesterol levels.

Overall, this new place is much better buffet than Dynasty buffet which located right across the street.
Yuck!!! I use to like this buffet until recently. When they first opened, it's was great. All the food was fresh and had so many selections. Maybe it was bc they were trying to get people in the door. But now, they lowered everything!!! I've gone during lunches plenty of times esp on weekends. This last time was the last straw. No crawfish, sushi rice was hard, the chocolate fountain wasn't turned on, limited food selection, and cheese curls on a warmer?!?!? Who does that? 

Also, this place has gotten so dirty. While walking around, I thought I had gum stuck to the bottom of my shoes, but it wasn't the case. The floors were just so dirty that it felt beyond uncomfortable to walk around.

Lastly, service is not that great. I had rootbeer in my cup, and the lady just goes around with a pitcher of coke, and pours it into my cup without even asking me what it was!!! When I told her that this was rootbeer, she gave me the dirtiest look and took the cup away. Helloooo...if you just asked what it was in the first place, we wouldn't have this problem...
I don't know if it's because I got here at 9pm, but when I got there I could tell that most of the food had been out for awhile and was dried out. Most of the food trays were empty and there were no servers bringing out new food. I walked around for 5mins trying to figure out what I wanted to eat and had to get mash potatoes! Idk about you guys but I NEVER get mah potatoes at a Chinese buffet. It's all about the crawfish and other seafood that I look for, and all of that was empty. After 20mins, my family and I were too frustrated and had to complain. The manager understood what we were talking about and only made us pay for our drinks.. 

It could just be bad timing so I'm willing to give it another chance another time, but from my experience last night.. I think they only deserve one star for now. Late or not, they close at 1030.. They should still have good food out..
For what ypu pay and what you get you can't go wrong with this place.   

Staff is very friendly and the place is very clean.

Food is plentiful and they always have fresh sushi. 

I'm always satisfied when I leave.
I'll start out by saying their food is decent. All you can eat sushi is always a plus. Whenever I go I usually get the same thing but this review isn't about the food, oh no it is not. This review is about the servers who work there. This is me and my moms go to Buffett, we come here often. Every single time we are done, the waitress either waits for her tip at the table or watches, YES WATCHES me or my mom as we write the tip on the receipt. EVERY SINGLE WAITRESS THERE IS RUDE! And im a server myself and I believe they don't even deserve a tip!!!! They bring one soda to the table and vanish. They do nothing that deserves anything more than $2 or $3. They are BEYOND rude. I've never went out to eat somewhere where the waitress waits for you to tip her and it's even more funny that she doesn't do SHIT to deserve the tip. I suggest if you server does it to you, CALL HER OUT ON IT. I do it every time and they get all weird and run away. I'm sure management won't even see this review but I could careless, I just want to inform people of how disgustingly rude and weird the waitresses there are. HOW THEY HELL DO YOU WATCH SOMEONE WRITE THE TIP ON THE RECEIPT? Someone teach these god damn waitresses some manners.
great chinese food buffet! You only need to pay 10.49$ for lunch. Lots of seafood and sushi.
The worst food I have ever had.used to be good but I think they just don't care anymore it was in a single word GROSS
Last night I visited Grand China Buffet for the first time and probably last. Dinner is 12.95, but I didn't find enough tasty food to warrant the cost. I took very little of the things I tried so as not to be wasteful. Good thing too cuz the power went off in part of the restaurant, which affected the air conditioning. It was 90 degrees outside. Sigh
Pros:
Baked spinach, very good.
Stuffed Shrimp
Crawfish
Fruit, Ice Cream (can't mess that up too much)

Meh
Sushi rolls

Cons:
reg crab legs and snow crab legs, water logged and tasteless which surprised me since people were like vultures! The second they brought out a tray of crab legs two people, one on either side proceeded to empy the tray...that happened twice, it was just sad. 

The fried squid was chewy
Salmon, Tilapia was dry
Whole flounder, looked so nasty I didn't even try it.
Language Barrier
Steak tough
I could go on...but why. Grand China Buffet gets no love from me.
This is not my first time here but during this visit I'm noting quite a few improvements. The selection seems to be a lot better and its overall cleaner. I would reccomend this place if you wanted an inexpensive outing with variety
Worst Chinese buffet I've been to. Everything tasted previously frozen or microwaved. The decor is properly described as shabby. Skip it. The Chinese buffet in Warrington is worth the drive. We won't be back.
Two-stars only because the Mongolian grill was actually "fresh" and tasty. Otherwise, this is a one-star review.

Everything at the buffet was old. I saw only one entree (the pepper steak) replenished at the buffet the whole time I was there for dinner on a busy Saturday night. The seafood (when it was actually out) smelled spoiled and some of the crabs where actually completely empty. I was too scared to try the sushi.

The dessert area was pretty unsanitary. The ice cream area is "scoop yourself", which still looked questionable even when it wasn't surrounded by unsupervised kids using their bare hands.

Needless to say, a huge stomachache ensued later. Not surprised.
If I could give this negative Stars I would where else can you get cold food that's supposed to be hot and hot food that's supposed to be cold and sweat the entire time you sit there and then if you don't give them a proper tip like it's a real restaurant they curse you out in Chinese we had a separate bill for my family I gave 20% because that's who I am my mom believes that it's just a buffet and they only serve you drinks so from a $40 Bill she gave her $3 and this waitress hawked me for my money and then complain to my mother and said no no no you give me 599 when I heard that I took a dollar of them I tip never in a million years I've ever been to a restaurant with a waitress tries to barter for her tip and then gives you an attitude but on top of all that the sushi was the worst Sushi I ever had it was like gas station sushi actually gas station sushi is probably better as far as the food below mediocre I mean I wouldn't even give this to my dog my dog deserves better lesson learned stay away from Grand China Buffet they're looking like they're on their way out anyway I'd like to add in the bathroom there was a trash can overflowing on the floor with paper towels and it smelled like urine and vomit most of the chicken selection was good and hot but then the wontons for the wonton soup more dry on the top that were sticking out of the soup it only takes a second to mix things up as you go around the buffet I've been the buffets before it's obvious the employees don't care they attack you for the tip we will never step foot in this dive ever again
I have to say this is the best Chinese buffet in the area for reasons you would not expect. I do have to say their "traditional/generic" Chinese dishes SUCK. No offense, but the lo mein, fried rice and general tso's needs to be drastically improved but what i like about this place is the variety. The sushi bar is average, I've seen others like it in the area but what sets this place is apart is the Mongolian Grill. You can get beef, chicken sewers, shrilled all grilled, you can make your own Mongolian hot pots and make your own stir fried noodle station. Also the amount of seafood at this buffet is pretty impressive. They have snow crabs, blue grabs, crawfish and shrimp and they all look decent! I would definitely come back here on a hungover Sunday once again
When this place first open I love it. The price was reasonable and the food was fresh. Now this place has gone down it is always busy but the food is not the same like before. I think the place is so busy not everything is sanitize. I've gotten sick from here twice. the first time I thought maybe it was me just eating something bad and got food poison. then I thought a month later I'd give it another try since we have relatives in town. And again, I came home sick from the food again. I don't like to go to places where I have to hug the toilet when I get home feeling miserable. I won't be back even if you drag me there.
This place has out done all local buffet restuarants in the Northeast.  I've went there yesterday for dinner with my mom and bro and was statisfied.  The place is huge, very nice decor, food was good (kind of  greasy), staff was very helpful and fast.

They have a chocolate fountain in which you can have your choice of dipping either strawberries or bananas in.  They even have cotton candy (I've never seen that in a buffet), choice of water ice or ice cream for dessert.  I'm not a dessert person but I was happy for those who were!

Another surprising food there was Dim Sum, BUT don't even bother trying because it wasn't tasteful nor fresh.  I think we paid $13 per person, not bad- it was an experience that I wouldn't mind doing again! Check it out :)
Another quick fix all you can eat Chinese buffet in the NE. The food is no different from the other chinese buffets in the area. They have 10% off when you check in. The part that stood out the most was the whole steam blue crabs. I haven't seen them at a Chinese buffet before. The service is good.
When we approached, a homeless man promptly greeted us outside with a ragged beard and request for something to eat. We were seated quickly as there are a plethora of tables, then immediately behind us was sat a family with a screaming baby who serenaded us for the duration of our meal. There were several "food" items I could not identity, regardless of their written descriptions. I had a few servings which all tasted slightly different than any other Chinese foods I've ever eaten. Tasting notes include Clorox and ginger, maybe ginger. The banana pudding was overly salted. I write this review from the bathroom, as it is my fourth time evacuating my bowels today. My balloon knot hurts and begs for mercy.  I would not recommend this place to the homeless man, or anyone else.
Very disappointed.  Had a party of 8 for the buffet and when I went up for rice I found a gnat. Could not eat anything after that. Asked for a manager and had to wait for the manager for over about 45 minutes after we asked a second time. When we spoke to the manager he basically said oh well. He didn't do anything for us and he blew us off. I will never come here again.
I was starving when I came here for dinner. It was very busy and packed, however the wait wasn't too bad since they have extremely spacious seating. The food was blah to me. Most of the dishes lacked flavor like the creamy spinach (looked good no flavor), the lobster tail was delicious, the sushi was delicious but the oyster was bland and tasteless as well. So I felt like the food was a trial and error. The dessert was equally disappointing; the sponge cake was tasteless, the flan was watery and bland, but the chocolate fondue was a plus. The fruit could've been fresher but they also provide ice cream as well. Also there were times when there were no clean plates out or certain items needed to be replenished. Overall I had an ok experience here. Not sure if I want to return.
Holy Mackerel... there's a good selection of food here at the Grand China Buffet!

The seafood selection is very good and it's always fresh. A lot of the dishes at this buffet are your "usual" American Chinese cuisine but they also have a surprising number authentic Chinese dishes as well. It's nice how they keep this much food out and have it fresh. It helps that there's always a big crowd of people here so it keeps the buffet updated constantly.

As far as taste goes, I think I would place this buffet as one of the better places in the Northeast since there's quite a bit of buffets to choose from. The variety of food is quite similar between all of the buffets.

There's a few things about this particular restaurant that stands out to me... CHOCOLATE FOUNTAIN!!...incredible number of seating, there's even 2 or 3 party rooms with lots of seating as well. 

All in all, I think this a decent buffet w/ a good wait staff and I'll probably come back.
One of the best buffet in town, vide variety of food, desserts  are awesome.... overall Im very much satisfied.
I used to love this place, but recently  on couple occasions after eating here...I had to run home basically....YOu get the idea!  Luckily I live close by....
The roast beef was flavorful but difficult to hack off the bone - no carving station just a big lump of grayish meat in one of the stainless steel trays and a knife but no fork to hold it steady while sawing away at the meat. Probably the worst spring roll I have ever tasted - salty mush. I ate half and my dining companion agreed it was awful and could manage only one bite. Breaded fried shrimp were barely acceptable. The little cocktail sausages wrapped in bacon were extremely salty - overpoweringly so. Enough to gag you. I know its cheap to eat here and all of NE Philly seemed to be here with their kids running around the aisles, but the food is just terrible. I like the buffet at Columbus Blvd and Washington Ave - much tastier if slightly more expensive. Grand China Buffet is  very crowded with salty, tasteless, overcooked food. We skipped deserts and left as soon as we could - we were with a large crowd of friends so stayed longer than I would have liked if we had come just to dine.
In short: wonderful variety and quick turnover lead to a surprisingly enjoyable buffet experience.

In long: Went with my dad on a Tuesday night, and the place was surprisingly busy. All sorts of people, from the fattiest of fatties to throngs of Asian families, were in attendance. Made for some interesting people watching, but I digress.

We were quickly seated with a smile, quite surprising for a Chinese buffet. Drink orders were taken and we headed to the buffet. My philosophy on buffets is to hit them where it hurts. As such, I avoided any starches (such as fried rice and noodles), chicken (cheapest meat available, usually not great at buffets regardless) and vegetables (ha ha), and rather focused mainly on seafood and the more authentic Chinese dishes.

Highlights of the meal:
Crawfish - not the best I've had but they're big and good for the price
Clams in Black Bean Sauce - baby clams in a light, flavorful broth
Green Mussels - hilariously mislabeled as "fried salmon," monstrous, meaty mussels in a brown sauce 
Beef Tripe - no, that is not a typo
Pork Belly - wonderfully fatty, served in a brown sauce
Fried "Crab Claw"/Fan-Tailed "Shrimp"/Fried "Scallops" - breaded imitation crab meat garnished/shaped-like the animal in question and passed off as the animal in question. Deceptive, yes. Delicious, yes.
Fried Squid - tentacles and all
Roast Duck - crispy, fatty skin and deeply flavorful meat
Salt and Pepper Frog Legs - overbattered, but crisp and meaty nonetheless

Not everything was a hit though:
Spare Ribs - gristly and rubbery
Taro Shrimp - a half inch shrimp shoved into a fist-sized ball of fried taro, avoid avoid
Crab Rangoon - THERE WAS NO CRAB :O
Baked Salmon - dry dry dry
Anything American - why are you eating here?!

Everything else I sampled was decent. The reason for the high rating is the staggering variety and incredible freshness. Nothing tasted like it had been sitting under the heat lamp for too long. Furthermore, service was superb (for a buffet). Didn't sample dessert, but my dad enjoyed his fresh fruit and apple pie. Easily the best of the four buffets in Franklin Mills, and likely the best in the overall area. Will return with an emptier stomach. Subsequent heartburn worth it.
This place is huge and has everything you could ask for as far as food selection in a Chinese buffet! It also has a nice hibachi and sushi bar. The drink servers could be more pleasant though but it's a good awesome buffet other then that!
This place used to be good but now its awful...the food just sits there and let it dry out....
We went on fathers day and all I can say is Dirty , dirty and dirty ... also over priced!! First an last time here!!! Plates on plates still had food on them after being washed!!! I had to look threw several plates before finding a clean one. Soda we ordered was provided in a picture and there was a black an I mean very black ring around the inside of the picture of mountain due that was served to us!! The table we sat at wasn't even wiped down before we got seated!! I was sick when I got home never again do not go here !
Fellow Yelpers that gave this place 5 stars were over generous!  Yes, I agree with the plentiful variety.  But, I give 2 stars for the lack of consistency on food quality and service.  I left this place feeling unquenched - not satisfied!
This is the worst buffe restaurant i had ever eat. The foods was old like they keep it over night. When i talk to the waitress nicely about that, her react was so rude. She take the dishs and slam them into the baskets like she was really mad. Although it cost 20 dollars per person which is very ridiculous compare the quality.
The food taste good? Yes.
The food look good? Yes.
Did it make me throw up at least 5 times ? YES
Do I recommend it? NO
If you go here, be prepared for at least one person to get an upset stomach because of their "food."
Plenty of seating available. Wide variety of foods. Hibachi grill and large dessert bar. Quick service. Food not always as hot as it should be. A tad pricey for a buffet but not too high. Sometimes food can be over cooked on the buffet table. Overall an OK place to eat.
Food is generally the same as every other buffet except for a few more dishes. They have about 8 tables set up for food and the sushi doesn't have much variety. Still it's the best buffet to go to out of the majority of the buffets in philadelphia. I loved the crabs(wish it had more meat but still good) fish, and bok Choy they cooked. The dumpling cover was old and I couldn't even poke my fork through it. Cherries were bad. The meat for some of the stuff were bad. 

Bad side- dishes are disgusting. Aren't washed with any effort. Every single dish I went through had a sticky bottom and sticky top. If you put the plate into the light you can see the sticky layer on the plate. Almost all buffets are lax in cleanliness but at least have the decency to wash plates that people will be eating off of. the place has a lot of customers and the waiters are the same as every other Asian  buffet in Philadelphia.
Meh, I've experienced better is exactly how i feel about this buffet. 

PROS:
ritas water ice, one time i went and saw that they had the flavor coconut which is my favorite flavor for ritas and its pretty hard to find BUT i went a couple weeks ago and they didnt have the flavor instead they have lemon, which is fair but i prefer coconut - so you can say i wont be coming back anytime soon
besides the water ice issue, there is a good amount of selection to choose from, food and desserts.

CONS:
the flavoring of the food is not consistent and not that great
the sushi bar is bland and again, not that great
people get blindsided by the fact that they have a large variety to choose from, but honestly the food is not that good
Me and my friend were really excited to come to the Grand China buffet on one of our cheat days. When we walked in, the hostess didn't greet us or even look at us, she stared blankly into space. When we were finally seated, we headed to the Mongolian grill. We tried a variety of items and most of it tasted rubbery, the steak especially. I had to use 2 forks to the cut it because we weren't given knives and it still wouldn't cut. Most of the food was stale and too greasy. The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because there was a chocolate fountain. Definitely not going back.
Love this buffet!! I actually really like coming here for the sushi.  The food is good, there is a lot of variety.  The soups are also very good! They always keep it restocked as well.
We called ahead to find out when they start pulling food off the buffet. They said 10:30 pm. We arrived around 9 pm, with other customers arriving afterwards. The buffet was not replenished and food was consolidated into smaller pans. The Hibachi grill was closed around 10pm (found this out after I plated veggies and about to add some noodles). On the buffet , the small clams looked dried out. Salmon was not replenished. Crab legs were good but they bring out enough for 1 person at a time. Tonight 2 Stars is generous.
crazy i specifically made a yelp account just to give this place if it had a negative 5 stars i would give it that but ill give it a 1 star cause the coke was the only good thing in there...the food was absolutely terrible flavorless cold bland etc....not to mention the please dont waste food signs all over the place in there...hmmm makes me wonder who else might be "wasting" their food cause i surely wouldn't wanna waste cold tasteless instant mash potatoes...please please think twice about walking thru them doors unless gordon ramsey or a miracle happens..
I don't know why it took me so long to write this review...but yeah. Lol, anyway, came here with boyfriend on a last minute decision after doing laundry on Super Bowl Sunday. We were getting live updates of the game on my phone and we could really care less about watching it on the big screen lol, but that's beside the point. Arrived here like 20 minutes before closing, and they seated us immediately. Our waitress was super sweet! We didn't feel rushed, even though it was obvious they wanted to go home. Mind you, it started to snow that night. The chef even came out and told us that he would cook whatever we wanted to eat! Beyond the outstanding service, the food was average, nothing to really rave about. 4 stars for great service, 3 stars for okay food.
The sushi was the only reason why I went. Oh, and because I had a $5.99 lunch coupon. My friend and I went, not knowing what to expect. It would be nice if the sushi was labeled. It looked good and tasted good, but I wasn't really impressed, as I've experienced better at other Chinese buffets that feature sushi. I'm still okay with that. If they have another coupon and I'm in the area & in the mood for sushi and my wallet won't let me go anywhere else, I'll come back. Wasn't impressed with the hot foods. When I go to a chinese buffet the most "chinese" I eat are the egg/spring rolls, beans/pea pods, or chicken. If a place has squid or calamari, kudos. They had this here, but the breading was SO salty. I like salt, trust me. This was just way too salty for me. The Teriyaki Salmon was super dry and had no hint of teriyaki taste to it. The pick and peel shrimp was drowning in ice and were very soggy.

My dining partner had to chug some pepto before heading on the train home and that's something I've never seen him do after eating. Don't know if it was from the meal itself or the fact that he was eating lightly days prior to this visit. 

I may give this place another shot, but it'd have to be for the sushi only and maybe to see what else they have there.

Also, why do people feel the need to bring their already eaten on plates back up with them to the buffet area? 

I will say, though, that this place was nice and clean, big & bright. Server was polite and refills were fast.
It's tough to give a buffet 5 stars so 4 is pretty darn good. The place is huge and the staff are always attentive. I'd say we have dinned her at least 3 times in the past 5 months, and each time the experience has been very consistent. They offer a great variety of foods, and they make sure that the stations are full, and clean. Nothing really sits out too long and they do a great job as far as replenishing things goes. The sushi station is really decent, and the guys prepping it seem to know what they're doing too. One of the things i really like about this place is the soup. They do a Mongolian soup pot which we love. You put on a place all sorts of ingredients such as clams, shrimp, mussels and various meats  veggies and noodles, and they add a broth before cooking at a pretty high temp. The final product is a cauldron of really good soup that id say is similar to shabu shabu. The restaurant is usually pretty busy and the atmosphere is pretty much standard for a buffet of this size.
This food was so nasty don't go here unless you have a death wish there was barley anything the worker was rude she kept trying to get us to pay for 5 people when there was only three with us the cups were dirty and so were the forks and plates they wouldn't let anyone sit a  certain area of the restaurant and the bathroom was disgusting there was poop on the walls
This place is pretty typical when it comes to Chinese buffets. The one thing Grand China has going for them is their large size so they have many stations and a large variety of food. That being said, I appreciate quality over quantity. While their selection is large, their food is very average. If you just want a quick Chinese buffet meal and don't care about the taste of the food, this place is probably fine. 

I don't recommend their sushi  but their Mongolian BBQ section is actually pretty good. You pick whatever foods you wants (meat, veggies, noodles, or soup) and a chef will cook it fresh for you. Their desserts are nothing to write home about but again, if you're not picky and just want something quick and easy, it'll do the trick. 

The one time we went, they must have not turned the heaters on below the food cause everything was cold. We informed the waitress a few time and she told us to just stir the food around until the heat mixed in (???). Finally we told the manager and they turned the heaters on.
I love going to this buffet because there is always so many different choices to choose from. I like to go through all the bars and take a little bit of everything. I usually start with the rice and noodles with vegetables and meat, before making my way to the seafood. Crab legs and shrimp are my favorite seafoods here. I also love the chocolate fountain. I usually dip the strawberry and bananas in it when i finish with my food. They also have a HUGE selection of ice creams! Mint chip is always the way to go for me though! 

One of the main reasons I choose this chinese buffet is because of the large selection available. I usually come with my family, and my sister is a vegetarian while the rest of us arent. So while we go for all the meats and seafoods, she can still enjoy the chinese vegetables and fruits.
food was ok I ask waitress for a knife , She just let me go take it by myself from their station  I can clean my table and wash the dishes tooshould I
