Find parking, take the train, or get yourself an Uber/Lyft  and just make a "B" line to Gran Caffe L'Aquilla! That is all you need to know, because what ever you get from here will simply be AMAZING! I see you are still looking at my review waiting for some more information than the whole "B" line shtick. I suppose a picture or 2 might stimulate your appetite to know more about Gran Caffe. Let's get serious now my Yelp family, serious like a kid to funnel cake serious. Get a glass of your favorite wine, because this will not be a short review. 

                                              ~Appetizers~  
*Polipo (Grilled Octopus) ~ This savory appetizer had me moaning I tell you. Picture getting punched in the face, but with out the pain that follows a punch. If perfection had a picture to follow it, this dish is it.
*Arancini ~ A decadent Sicilian dish, which is a lightly fried rice ball. A rice ball made in a ragu, which is stuffed with a mixture of veal and pork. All being held together with mozzarella cheese, laying over top their sauce mixed with peas for added pleasures. 
*Arrosticini Abruzzese ~ Your choice of either chicken or lamb with this dish folks. Lamb for the win, with their Calabrese dipping sauce that had a subtle kick to it. Honestly dipping it, or not, it's still badass.

                                              ~Our Meals~
The "Gelato" Pairings is something that needs to be taken advantage of it immediately. This is literally biblical, where you will be singing praises to the Gods above. The creativity, and uniqueness can not be described on Yelp. I implore you to order a dish from this amazing menu. Basically any dish from this sectioned off menu will be a winning dish.
                                              My Gelato Pairing
*Agnoletti al Tartufo ~ This elegant dish is homemade raviolis stuffed with veal, pork, onions with an herb that had me wanting to scream out obscenities with that butter sage sauce. The gelato that was paired with this dish is their black and white truffle gelato. You mix the gelato with your dish and you've just brought this to a whole new level of satisfaction.  Yelpers, this sinful combination, this dynamic duo will make you feel like you are having an affair. 1 word, 3 syllables. De-lic-ious... Delicious. 
*Insalata Pera ~ For a salad this larger than life dish of greens with fruits was on point. A fresh crisp succulent pear that just did numbers to ones taste buds, with the goat cheese mixed in there making me rethink how a salad should always taste.  
                                                   ~Dessert~ 
*Brioche con Gelato ~ This dessert is actually a gelato sandwich, with your choice of 2 scoops of gelato. I went with a Bacio gelato and an Amaretto gelato, being held nicely in a toasted brioche bun. To be honest this was ok, the brioche seemed a little too dry, and the gelato not so creamy. This is not a slam on Gran Caffe, with everything that have to offer, but it seemed a little off to me. I will say this though, their dessert menu looks amazing, with endless options. 
 
Unique dishes that will have your taste buds going into full tilt mode along with their weekly tasting menu. Their tasting menu is designed to bring you through different regions of Italy, experiencing the dishes from that region. If that doesn't raise an eyebrow you should checkout their happy hour menu, and specials. I feel Gran Caffe L'Aquilla is an establishment that needs to be a part of your rotation. The last few times I've been here the staff has always made sure I, or we have been fully accommodated. Hopefully you're seated in Corina or Anastaysia area, but if not, don't fret their staff will make sure you'll have the very best dining experience. I know I plan on coming back every time I come home to visit.

**Side Note** My Gelato Pairing was not an easy decision to make.
One of the coziest restaurants in Philly! I love the upstairs area, which feels small and intimate, great for dates, friend catch up time and lunches. The menu is fancified Italian, and be warned it is HUGE! There are plenty of options for everyone! There are two fish dishes (both the salmon and branzino were great), a couple chicken dishes, and plenty of meat and pasta dishes. All are full of flavor, and heartiness. I would recommend splitting the crab cake appetizer (which comes with gelato...there is actually a whole section of food + gelato combos!) and also the eggplant parm stack. Followed, by an entree each. And DEFINTELY try a couple of the gelato flavors! Absolutely best gelato I've ever had. So rich, smooth, creamy with intense flavor. I LOVED the white chocolate mint and mango/mint combination. Great service, location and food!
I'm so glad I accidentally stumbled upon this place on my way out of work yesterday. I don't think my life will ever be the same again. 

As someone who grew up in Europe, I get a bit nostalgic at times, and I could not have been more excited to find out that a piece of Italy has made its way across the Atlantic Ocean and nestled itself on Chestnut Street between Sephora and the music store. 

Entering this establishment, I was greeted by (a hostess, but also) a delicious looking assortment of gelato. I hear some flavors are spiked, which I'm really excited to try. If it weren't so cold outside, I would have been compelled to clean out this entire gelato section myself. However, since it was cold and I already had dinner, I decided to add a nice finish to my evening by sipping some hot, aromatic Italian coffee along with bites of their delicious pastries. 

Though I wish I could have sampled everything, I only got to try the lavender panna cotta and white chocolate bread pudding. However, both were heavenly and well-balanced in both flavor and texture. You can be sure that I will be back to try every single item at this establishment - whether it is for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or a late night glass of wine. Very solid execution in product quality, concept, and service.
Came here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner earlier this year, and I've been wanting to come back ever since! Just the other day, I found an excuse to pop in for some gelato. This versatile establishment is amazing for a fancy Italian dinner, a casual cafe meet-up, or (as I've just discovered) ordering delivery!

DINNER/UPSTAIRS: My boyfriend is a huge fan of Italian food, so I was searching around on Yelp for a romantic, upscale (but not TOO expensive) Italian restaurant to treat him at for his birthday. The great Yelp reviews brought Gran Caffe L'Aquila to my attention, and several other online listings dubbing it one of the most romantic places to dine in Philly sealed the deal. You'll definitely need a reservation if you plan on dining upstairs. We were seated promptly by the pleasant waitstaff. They were so thoughtful and accommodating - I wasn't totally satisfied with where we were seated, so the hostess moved us to a nicer place in the courtyard. However, she noticed that it was quite loud, and offered to move us (before we had ordered anything) to a different area. Our waiter was also excellent. Service definitely sets Gran Caffe L'Aquila apart.

Food-wise, we had the decadent Italian meal we were hoping for. We started with Fritto Misto, which is calamari jazzed up with some shrimp and zucchini. Portions are a bit smaller than your typical Italian eatery, but that's in conjunction with stellar food presentations to reflect an upscale, fine-dining feel. The Fritto Misto was just enough to whet my appetite for our beautiful pastas. We opted to order from Maestro Biasini's Gelato Pairings, "culinary specialties paired with savory gelato, prepared by the Italiant Gelato Champion" - super unique, so obviously we had to try! The Carbonara w/ Bacon Gelato is the dish topped w/ the bacon spiral I'd been eyeing via Yelp - did not disappoint, there's a reason there are so many pictures of it! The savory Bacon Gelato was more of a frozen heavy cream that melted and stirred in. My personal favorite was the Agnoletti al Tartufo - veal/pork stuffed ravioli w/ black and white truffle gelato (because truffle makes everything better). Again, the gelato is meant as more of a cream/sauce, but this one was served w/ about a teaspoon of white truffle oil in the middle. Because the gelato melted slowly, we were able to enjoy the creamy ravioli without being overwhelmed by the truffle flavor - genius!

For dessert, we finished with the Affogato (a scoop of ice cream in a shot of espresso) and White Chocolate Brioche Banana Bread Pudding. Both are usually served with Fior di Latte gelato (i.e. Milk/Plain), but you can sub it out for any flavor you want! We opted for Tiramisu gelato in the Affogato and Salted Caramel gelato with our bread pudding. I was a bit disappointed by how small the desserts were, given how pricey they are. However, I have to say THE ESPRESSO IS MIND-BLOWING. I usually don't think fancy espresso shots are worth it, but I would 100% drop the dough for one of these, with or without gelato. Loved the bread pudding, but it's definitely on the lighter side - highly recommend to those of y'all who don't like overly sweet desserts.

CAFE/DOWNSTAIRS: If you don't have a reservation, or want to pop in for a more casual setting, the downstairs area has a decent amount of seating. Behind the counter is a beautiful selection of gelato, pastries/desserts, and sandwiches. You can order coffee, as well as full pasta dishes from the full menu! I absolutely LOVE the gelato selection. Salted Caramel was a seasonal flavor, unfortunately, but it's probably my favorite gelato flavor EVER. It satisfies my sweet tooth but isn't cloyingly sweat or heavy. A close second is the Tiramisu Gelato, which is always available (thank God). To compare to Capogiro, the flavor selection is definitely less varied (you won't get as many interesting fruity/herbal combinations) in keeping with a more traditional Italian theme. I happen to love various combinations of chocolate, coffee, vanilla, and nuts, so I think the selection is perfect.

DELIVERY: TBD, definitely keeping this on my order-in list for my next lazy night ;)

To sum it up, you really can't go wrong with Caffe Gran L'Aquila, no matter what you're looking for. Excited to return to eat my way through the rest of the pasta menu and gelato flavors, as well as a lovely shot of espresso when I'm feeling fancy!
After a devastating 2009 earthquake destroyed their restaurant and an unfortunate portion of the city of L'Aquila, Italy, brothers Riccardo and Gigio Longo opened up Gran Caffe L'Aquila in the Rittenhouse area. And once you exit the bustle of 17th and Chestnut and enter their establishment, it's as if you're transported to a proper Italian cafe, replete with stellar gelati, panini to go, and cappucino. That's not to say that a proper dine-in menu isn't available, but much of the fanfare surrounding Gran Caffe L'Aquila has centered around their gelati.

In fact, one of the principals of the cafe is award-winning gelato maker Stefano Biasini. And with an ever-changing option of 24 gelati on offer, Biasini's technique and passion is on display for our gustatory pleasure.

A small serving provides a single scoop of one of the gelati, while the medium and large provide two and three tastes, respectively. After enjoying a weekend lunch at DanDan as well as some Walnut Street shopping, the GF and I stopped in to finally try 2015's Best of Philly Gelato.

Medium Chocolate & Desire Gelato [$6]

The GF went with the chocolate and desire gelati. The rich chocolate notes were present, providing an enjoyable undertone of bitterness from the high-quality chocolate. And the desire? Wow - that's where we were really blown away by the ingredients. The deep cherry flavors really came through, with bits of whole cherry skins providing some texture. Amazing.

Medium Straciatella & Cannolo [$6]

I went with straciatella and cannolo. The straciatella was studded with chocolate chips and had surprisingly savory undertones. And the complexity of the cannolo had a great depth of flavor and an innate sweetness that was light. 

I love me some Capogiro Gelato, to be sure. But Gran Cafe L'Aquila? They brought it to the next level. It truly is all about how Biasini allows the ingredients to shine through his creations. I'll need to come back here to try the regular dining menu and some of those delicious-looking panini's, but it's the gelati that has me sold on returning.
Two words: Fondente gelato.

This is one of the best, richest gelatos I've ever had! It's a perfect dark chocolate gelato. Seriously, it's incredibly smooth, creamy, and, at 70% dark chocolate, it's even a little intense.

I had a pasta meal here that was overall very good, but this gelato is outstanding! I'll have to come back and try some of the other flavors. I'm particularly curious to try the Nutella, coffee, and pistachio.
The quality for Center City Restaurant Week seems to be declining year after year. There aren't too many restaurants that bother putting out a worthwhile prix fixe menu. That is not the case for Gran Caffe L'Aquila though.

For $40, you get 4 courses, instead of 3. They didn't have to add that extra course, and I can definitely appreciate that they did. Sure, the portions may not be huge, but they are reasonably portioned, and you are sufficiently full if not satiated by the time dinner is over.

The wine list is extensive and well-priced. We selected a bottle of Dugal to pair with dinner.

Some highlights of the night were the Flash Fried artichokes served with lemon, Wild board & long hot pepper meatballs, Gnocchi alla Bava e Tartufo, and Papardelle al Ragu Aquilano.

We concluded dinner with two scoops of gelato each.

We came on a Friday night, and it was busy for sure but service was fine. Dinner lasted about 1.5 hours, which is standard. Overall I would say, a successful Restaurant Week experience.
I really love Gran Caffe L'Aquila. It's sort of become my low-key coffee meeting spot. The vibes are super relaxed in the morning - it feels more like a market in the early hours of the day than a restaurant. You can order coffee at the counter and sit anywhere. 

Around lunchtime is when things start picking up and table service kicks off. Last week I had a coffee meeting around 11, but I decided to stick around a little while longer to get some work done and enjoy lunch. I had the chitarra pasta which was tossed with a bright, zesty tomato sauce, guanciale and pecorino cheese. It was perfectly sized and absolutely delicious. 

The sandwiches also looked incredible and I would love to try them sometime. But first, I need to make my way through the rest of the pasta menu.
I toyed with the idea of a 2 star review because Gran Caffe is a very spacious and impeccably clean restaurant in a nice area of Philly with very good service but in good conscious I couldn't give them any more than 1 star for the food they subjected us to. Gran has a few levels (the front of the street level is their coffee shop and gelato counter). There's a good chance if you're just coming here for gelato or espresso that you may get something of quality but that certainly doesn't carry over to their food. The fact that their prices are as high as they are just put the nail on the coffin for my wife and I who both agreed our meal here was one of the worst we've ever had, anywhere. Top 3 bad in fact (probably top 1 for her). It's also worth mentioning that the place also just feels like a large chain restaurant right down to the uniforms, borderline costumes, that the wait staff is forced to wear. 

For drinks she ordered a $12 cocktail called Sgroppino (lemon sorbet, processco, lemoncino vodka, fresh mint). This ended up being an incredibly weak and disgustingly sweet drink that she couldn't finish. Most of the beers were $7-10 but some as low as $5 or as high as $14 for a 12oz Italian beer with a 5% abv. I went with a $5 Peroni. For a starter we ordered their arancini ($10). This came presented beautifully and the texture was right but we both agreed it tasted a bit like soap and there was something definitely off with them. 

For a meal I had the Pappardelle Al Ragu Aquilano ($16.50) which is a wide ribbon pasta with slow cooked pork, veal, lamb, and chicken in a tomato based sauce. The meat had been pulverized to the point where it wasn't recognizable and the sauce was the worst tomato sauce I've ever had. It was the same tomato sauce that the aranacini came on and tasted like it came right out of a can of Ragu from the super market. I've had a lot of red sauce over the years and I don't hesitate to say that this was the worst and most store bought tasting I've ever had at a restaurant before. It was so disappointing that I have no doubt that I could have had a better plate of pasta from Olive Garden. 

As disappointing as my meal was, it was still edible which is more than I can say about my wife's dish. I felt so bad for her that I traded plates with her and couldn't even muster a second bite of her food after tasting it. To this day we both feel like gagging thinking about her dish and joke about how bad it was. She ordered the Agnoletti Al Tartufo ($19) which was ravioli stuffed with veal, pork, onion & herbs, topped with a butter-sage sauce and a little block of the chef's truffle gelato creation. The waitress assured us that the gelato wouldn't actually cool down the dish at all and would just melt over the dish infusing an extra flavor to it. Well this pretentious little gimmick did in fact cool down the entire dish to barely over room temperature and what it added to the dish was a disgusting overpowering truffle flavor that even a truffle lover like my wife couldn't stand. The ravioli's filling wasn't meaty either which was a big draw to the veal and pork stuffing. The mushy filling paired with this incredibly overpowered truffle flavoring, lowered temperature, butter sauce, and mediocre noodles just made this meal completely inedible. 

I've never been so disappointed not only in a restaurant but in Yelp's overwhelming praise for such a horrible Italian restaurant. Shame on you all for not knowing what good Italian food should taste like.

UPDATE:
I received one of the least professional business responses to this review where the manager Darren writes in part: "I believe the problem is that you have been subjected to so much Olive Garden style food over the years, that YOU in fact don't know what true, authentic Italian flavor is supposed to be."

Instead of engaging this guy privately I figured I'd just respond here. First of all I've only eaten at Olive Garden once in my life. 

Secondly, as far as my track record goes, with over 2,150 reviews on Yelp, only about 1% of those reviews are for 1 star so you can see I very rarely slam a place for being bad. Of those 23 one star reviews, only 8 of them are to food related businesses and half of those places have since gone out of business. About 40% of the restaurant's I've written 2 star reviews for have also gone under which is a stark difference from only about 12% of the restaurants I've written 5 star reviews for. With nearly 1,000 restaurant reviews and living not only in a mostly Italian neighborhood in Brooklyn but the area of the country with the most Italian-Americans and Italian restaurants I've eaten at more than my fair share of high quality Italian restaurants. 

Thirdly and most importantly when I visited, it was only 2 months after coming back from my two week honeymoon in Italy where my wife and I traveled all around the country searching out the best food possible. My taste in Italian food is clearly not the problem here.
The original Gran Caffe L'Aquila was actually in L'Aquila, before the founder moved to the US. They are an authentic Italian restaurant, cafe, bar, and gelateria in a prime Rittenhouse location. The place is massive, with two floors of dining rooms. Their menus are extensive, featuring regional classics, imported ingredients, and expertly curated wine, beer, and specialty cocktail lists.

My fiancé and I arrived on time for our 7:30pm reservation, were seated immediately, and then abandoned for 20 minutes. We were so hangry that we almost left. Fortunately, once our charismatic server arrived, the pacing of the rest of our meal was perfect. 

I am both a Negroni and espresso enthusiast, so the Philadelphia Gran Negroni caught my eye. This signature cocktail is a unique Negroni, made with their own coffee, which is roasted in house. It was exceptional, somehow allowing the coffee to shine, while still being a perfect Negroni. 

You must order some fresh imported cheese. We opted for the Burrata Mozzarella, which was creamy and flavorful, enhanced by the accompanying caponata. We also loved the Pera salad, a large portion of crisp greens topped with juicy slices of pear, ample goat cheese, and pine nuts. The Melenzana Parmigiana was a perfectly respectable eggplant parm, and the Carcioffi Fritti (fried artichokes) were tasty, albeit too dry. 

The Gnocchi alla Bava were tender potato pillows, nonuniform in size, and dressed in a creamy sauce. I wished there were more mushrooms, as the dish was very one-note. That one note was a good note, but still. The Ricotta Cheese Cake was extraordinary. Lighter and less sweet than American cheesecake, with a well executed chocolate cookie crust. A great choice for Italian in Philly.
So far this is my favorite stop in Philly.  It is such a special, genuine Italian cafe serving lunch/dinner, gelato, coffee - both naughty and nice, beer, wine, you name it, they serve it. 

I sat at the bar cause I promised myself it would only be a mini meal. I was served by the friendliest, most accommodating fellow, and you could discern that he actually liked his job.  He was personable to all of us that sat there and gave suggestions as requested.

I got myself a hot chocolate, which wasn't just any hot chocolate.   My server offered to throw in a small bit of espresso because it was just better that way.  And my god it was a perfect blend of slight sweetness, decadently bitter and oh geez I need to have another one. I thoroughly enjoyed every sip and was disappointed when it was gone.

I imagine I'll find myself here every day that I'm in town... Maybe next time for the hot chocolate and gelato.
How cute is this place!! An adorable Italian cafe and restaurant for coffee, pastry, gelato, and food lovers, in general. We stopped here for lunch today and had a great experience. The service was so personable, although a little bit on the slow side - pretty authentic European if you ask me. 

I ordered their special Roman Egg Drop soup and soaked it up with the delicious house bread. Both were complimented with great olive oil, parmesan cheese, and fresh cracked black pepper. We split a lavender panna cotta for dessert and it was just delicious.

I have to also mention that this cafe is BEAUTIFUL and really clean and appealing.

I can't wait to come back here all of the time for the affordable coffee, beautiful pastries, and mouth-watering Italian gelato (some of which is infused with alcohol yay!).
Love this place! The atmosphere is always so welcoming. The servers are quite attentive and the fact that they are Italian adds to the charm of the place. I always go there for the coffee and gelato but went for dinner this time. The bread and olive oil in the beginning was fantastic. The pasta was  the tagliatelle comes with a pork product that I asked to be excluded (since I don't eat pork) but superb meal overall
This was one of the first restaurants I have visited when I first came to Philly and one of the reasons I fell in love with the City of Brotherly Love. 

The mastermind behind the gelato is a chef from Italy who has won some international gelato competition. Is it bad that my first thought wasn't Wow good for him but rather Why the heck was I not invited to try all the gelato at this international gelato thing?? 

Speaking of trying all the gelato, you know those obnoxious people who insist on trying every flavor of ice cream/gelato in the store before picking their two flavors in a cup but please put the cone on the side? Can't stand those people. (definitely not one of them...)

But you can have it all here with the gelato flight! A tasting of five flavors of your choosing. My favorites are to get a balance of fruity, tart, nutty, rich, and Dark/Handsome. AKA the cherry/cream one, mango sorbet, pistachio, espresso, and dark chocolate (fondante).

Their coffee and pastries are legit too. Not to mention their savory gelato/pasta dishes! These are fun to try once; I think I prefer getting their gelato straight up to be honest. But come on, you need to tell your grandkids that you've tried spaghetti carbonera with prosciutto gelato sitting on top.
Almost overwhelming menu as everything you'd ever want from Italy is here...but when it's delivered to your table, it's nothing you'd ever want to eat.

While looking over the menu, we ordered two mixed drinks; Negroni and an Aperol Spritz.  The Negroni was too heavy on the vermouth and had a full orange slice (a proper Negroni has a burned orange peel to bring out the oil in the skin).  The Aperol was missing the prosecco and bubbles.  We sent them both back and asked to have them removed from the bill, and ordered wine instead.

I started off with the prosciutto de parma and speck alto adage pgi plates.  Both were served in identical fashion, thin strips laid over a salad and on a wooden cutting board.  The salad had a purplish and thick dressing on it, resembled a balsamic like flavor, but way too sweet and overpowering for the light side salad.  It also had green olives in it that didn't fit the flavor profile.  At $9.50 per plate, this was way overpriced.

The "Salumi Sushi", I had the Friuli dish, prosciutto and strawberries wrapped in a roll and then sliced down like a sushi roll, a balsamic reduction in between.  Not a bad dish, but at $11 for the dish, it was again a little overpriced.

The Fritto Misto was average, but not what I was expecting for an authentic Italian restaurant.  The calamari and zucchini were good, but the shrimp were the really small previously frozen kind and ruined the dish.

The mozzarella dish was buffalo mozzarella, we chose "caprese".  It was 1/4 of a ball of mozzarella, then cut into 4 smaller pieces and placed at the corners of the plate while a tomato/green olive/pine nut mixture dominated the center of the plate.  At $11, I expect a whole ball of mozzarella (a ball of buffalo mozzarella costs $6 wholesale).  Huge failure here.  Just go to Di Bruno's down the street and get a full cheese serving if you're after a cheese plate.

Next up was their "ROME" special of the week.  The waiter explained that they picked a different region every week and featured dishes and wines specific to that region.  I opted to try the Spaghetti Carbonara.  What I received looked good, except for a scoop of bacon gelato on top.  The pasta itself was slightly overcooked, missing that slight "thickness" that properly cooked pasta in Italy has.  Maybe they're just using cheap boxed pasta instead of making it fresh?  The sauce was too much egg and not enough liquid, maybe by removing the bacon from the dish, they lost the bacon fat which kept the sauce thinner?  Combine the cool pasta temperature and the cold gelato on top, this dish was a huge failure.

The parmigiano ravioli also came with gelato on top.  This was supposed to be yellow tomato with basil but it tasted like some form of mango (and way too sweet).  Again, the cold gelato on top of the lukewarm pasta was an unpleasant combination.  The ravioli's were also overcooked and I'd swear they were a prepackaged and previously frozen pasta.  We ate one bite and left the dish.

The meal at this point was so disappointing, we skipped the post dinner espresso and the gelato they're famous for.  The check came to a shocking $180 with the tip, and we would have been hungry except for the pains in our stomach from the unpleasant meal...

The interior space is very nice looking.  We were told it was made in Italy, and then shipped here for assembly.  Impressive...but what would have been more impressive, and more effective, would have been to bring over an actual Italian chef instead of serving what tastes like pre-packaged pasta and foodservice prepared foods.
Came here for dessert on cold night, just looking for something sweet. I walked in, and I felt like I had stepped into a European cafe, it was delightful. The service was great and fast. We ordered a tiramisu, which was super soaked in strong espresso... a crepe brûlée that had an orange taste to it (I prefer the classic vanilla bean)...and a cannoli which was just okay. 
I want to come back one day and try their gelato because I've heard it fantastic! 
But this place is definitely a cute, cozy destination that the city needed.
I had to look at my last review and wonder why it was not a 5-star experience. Many meals and my own maturity later, I'm giving Gran Caffe L'Aquila the rightful ratings boost it deserves.

I love sitting upstairs. It's a pleasant, cozy place to dine with plenty of natural light. 

They have plenty of fantastic Italian dishes but my favorites are the savory gelato and pasta combos. I love the Carbonara and the agnolotti al tartufo. Truly unique and equally delicious.

Service is always charming and professional. I love ordering Italian wines I don't know much about and relying on their accurate descriptions.

Their gelato brings out the closeted dessert appreciate in me. Today's pick was tiramisu and caffe. They hit the spot without being overly filling.

Gran Caffe has become one of my Philly favorites and a place I'd proudly recommend for anyone in Philly looking for a great Italian meal.
I stopped by this morning to "take" an espresso and I am excited to say that there is finally a coffee that matches if not surpasses La Colombe.  I travel to Abruzzo at least twice a year and I can tell you that this place is 100% authentic and is made from true Italian passion. If you want to go to Italy without taking a nine hour flight just walk through the door. To the owners I say grazie for bringing this amazing café to Philadelphia! I can't wait to come back for dinner!

Update: I visited Gran Caffee a second time for dinner and it exceeded my expectations. They have arrosticinni.  If your born in Italy you may not know what this is because it is only from the region of Abruzzo. It was amazing and to date except for one restaurant in New York I have never found arrosticinni anywhere.
Was in philly for 2 nights & was highly recommended this place by a friend who used to live in the city and wow - this was AMAZING. 

My favorite pasta dish & gnocchi so of course, I ordered this amazing piece of art and I can't wait until the next time I'm in Philly so I can return & order this again!

- Gnocchi +5/5
The texture, amount of cheese, flavor, & everything was s-p-o-t o-n. The pasta was cooked perfectly & the dish it self came out so pretty quickly which was really impressive. I would come back over & over and just order this single dish. While the portion was perfect for me, I stand at 5'0 and would recommend ordering a couple more plates if you're with a friend/group. 

- Honorable mentions: The gelato sampler.
I was too full to try this & will definitely order this next time I return! The waitress also highly recommended this & from some research online, some claim that this is the best ice cream in the city!

The service was impeccable, the vibes were amazing, & the overall experience was so great. Thank you, gran caffe!
After walking past Gran Caffe L'Aquila many times (its right behind my office!) I finally stopped to have dinner here! My friend highly recommended this place as one of her new favorites in Philly, and I agree! 

Walk past the outside tables on the sidewalk, and inside is a nice gelato bar, showcased desserts, pastries, and paninis.  The downstairs restaurant is long and narrow, with a raw bar at the very back.  There's high top tables, and low dining tables, nice!  There's also a more formal dining room upstairs, with the homemade coffee making equipment up there showcased like breweries do!  Pretty cool!  Ask to take a tour of the upstairs! 

Now to the food. AMAZING!  Everything we tried was so delicious, and all at pretty good prices. There are tons of options in this large menu, and everything is authentic Italian style. They recommend tapas style sharing, but honestly, the plates were pretty large, so you don't need to over-order!  We had: 
 - ARANCINI appetizer, Sicilian rice balls stuffed with peas, cheese, some kind of meat, and a delicious creamy sauce. So good! 
- OCTOPUS appetizer was really good, very soft and tender, full of flavor.  I love the presentation of all the tentacles!
- BRUSCHETTE with added mozzarella, the slices were large and very filling! Something gave it a sweet flavor, very unique and not your traditional bruschetta!
- GNOCCHI in a ricotta cream sauce with mushrooms, amazing! This was probably the best gnocchi I've ever had. Melts in your mouth, freshly hand-made, you can tell!  Its rich, so I was pretty full from just eating half of this! 
- SALMON on a cedar plank was very good, perfectly cooked. Odd presentation, they put the cedar plank on a regular plate, but oh well, the food was still delicious. 

Dessert: Save room!  The gelato chef is award-winning from Italy, and makes 20+ types of fresh gelato daily.  There's quite an overwhelming amount of choices!  I loved the ones we tried, but they change every day so good luck repeating your order!   We were too full to try any pastries, but I wish I saved room for the creme brulee or the cheesecake.  I'll be back for that! 

Coffee selections are top notch!  So many fancy ways to make different coffee drinks, try some!  And, holy wine!  There are pages after pages dedicated to all the wine they have.  Impressive! 

Service was top notch.  We were greeted immediately by several different servers.  Service throughout the meal was fantastic. Everyone was on top of their game, and so very friendly.  Even the manager was amazing, he helped show me around the restaurant.  

Sorry for the long review, but I can't say enough great things about this place. I can't wait to come back again soon!
Shoestring Truffle fries were crisp and subtly flavored.

Bruschetta was very fresh with notes of balanced basil and garlic.

My main course was the papardelle in veal/chicken/beef ragu. The meats were decently executed. Not perfect but good.

The pasta was fresh made had a nice chewy bite and floury flavor. The red sauce was unmemorable.
Best Gelato in the world! Also, there is an amazing atmosphere. This is something Philly has never seen before!!
I loved my experience here last summer so much that I had to duplicate it over the weekend.

Okay, I didn't actually do that on purpose, but after uploading photos of my meal, I was greeted with photos of...the exact same meal posted months earlier. Whoops. I'm also pretty sure we had the same server both times.

Shane walked over, noted that I was looking at the beer list, and asked if I was ready or needed a rec. I asked if the Brunilde by Birrificio Bresciano Montenetto (actual words were "the oatmeal stout") was any good, and he said it was excellent, so I went with that. While it was a good choice, I wouldn't call it excellent. Solid 3.75 stars due to lacking a robust stout flavor, but I'm always happy to try new Italian brews.

After the complimentary bread basket, we ordered the arancini rice balls. They were tasty and a great app, but I won't personally order them again. I didn't read the description before they were ordered, but I've since learned they contain mixed-in veal, which I don't eat.

My meal (both times) was the Carbonara pasta. It's a spaghetti tossed with cheese, eggs, and black pepper with a cute topping of bacon gelato. Gah, so good! I usually hate the taste of pepper (black, green or any other color!), but this was melded so well that it complemented the pasta perfectly.

I wish I could've finished my plate, but they offer up hearty servings even though the plates aren't massive. Dessert wasn't even an option!

I'd absolutely return...and should probably branch out on the menu. Too many great-sounding options still to try!
I was very excited for this to open and I'm so glad it did not disappoint. 

Everyone seemed so nice, the hostesses, the manager (who gave me a complimentary glass of wine when he noticed that my date kept me waiting) and the server. 

For dinner I tried a few different items, some honorable mentions: the gnocchi and the meatballs - WOW! 

I'm an Italian immigrant so I do compare Italian restaurants to eating back in the "home country". This was definitely authentic and I cannot wait to come back for more!
This review is just for the gelato. My husband and I were craving gelato one night, so we stopped by Gran Caffe L'Aquila for some. 

There were so many flavors to choose from. It took us awhile to decide, but the server behind the counter was really nice and gave us big scoops. 

We sat ourselves at a table near the entrance and ate our gelatos. I had a scoop of nutella and coffee, while my husband had a scoop of tiramisu and stracciatella. The coffee flavored one was the best. Definitely not the best gelato we've had, but not bad for satisfying a craving.
It is hard to condense everything in a paragraph. Despite the fact I could be a little biased because Michele Morelli- the owner- is from where I was born and our families are very close, being objective is not difficult  because this new place easily surpasses all  the competitors in the area. The concept is new: bar, restaurant, gelato all in one, the quality of the food is outstanding and there is a great deal of innovation behind the choice of the menu: every week is dedicated to one italian city and its typical dishes. Proud to be from L'Aquila and excited to see Michele's entrepreneurial effort already succeeding in such a short time!
What a cute and lovely café! 

The food here is absolutely wonderful. To start, we got the Arancini which is a Sicilian rice ball made of peas, mozzarella and tomato sauce. The rice appetizer was super delicious and the combination of all the flavors was a perfect way to start off our meal. As my main dish I got the Salmone In Placca which is salmon with an herb crust served in a plank. The salmon was fresh, juicy and cooked to perfection. It was served on a plank which really helps bring out the flavor but the plank was then put on a plate with my two sides. I would recommend just serving the entire meal on the plank - it would make it look more appealing and also prevent people from accidentally thinking the plank is part of the meal. I also got a chance to try the gnocchi off my friend's plate and they were hands down the best gnocchi's I have ever had in my life! They were super light and fluffy and it didn't feel like you were eating pasta at all. To top off the meal I got a glass of pinot noir and some gelato. The wine list here is amazing and they have a very good and extensive selection. The gelato was even better! Do not leaver this place without trying the gelato - it will blow your mind. They have all sorts of flavors like crème brule, crème caramel, strawberry, cannoli etc...they even have an alcoholic gelato! That's right I said alcoholic gelato - it was amazing!

One of the waitresses gave us a private tour and we loved it! They have thought of everything when they built this place. The interior design is beautiful and I loved the wall decorations! This place as two floors - the first floor has more of a café feel to it because all the gelato/desserts are on display combined with a bar and dining tables in the back. On the second floor they have more intimate dining and also a second bar. There is an area sectioned off if you want a larger party as well as they roast their won coffee up there! 

I guess if I had to pick one thing this place could improve on is the menu. I felt like it was massive and too wordy. It was hard to navigate especially when jumping from one section to the other. They offer an excellent menu and extensive wine list - so maybe separating the two would help!

Oh I almost forgot - the service was excellent as well!
Ciao a tutti, from the city of brotherly love. You ever have something so authentic it has you speaking the native language of that foods origins? This gelato literally has brought the Italian out of me...or at least the little Italian I proudly claim to posses. 

Let's get straight to it, quite possibly the best Gnocchi I've had in a very long time...and I'm not even a huge fan of gnocchi! Potato, ricotta, taleggio cream and mushrooms. Simple like most Italian dishes, but there is greatness in simplicity. The gnocchi melts in your mouth. 

The gelato deserves it's own paragraph, maybe even it's own yelp listing. This is the closest to the gelato I've had in Rome here in the states. Velvety smooth and mildly sweet, the flavors are delicious. Honestly can't get over how natural it all taste. This is dangerously good! 

Gran Caffe L'Aquila is pretty much the people's choice for good Italian eats in the city and it's easy to see why. The quality is undeniable. What's cool about this restaurant is the fact that you can have two completely different agendas and walk away satisfied....Pasta or dessert. But why settle?! Go for both!
Had dinner here with some girlfriends last night and we could not have chosen a better place to fill our Italian cravings.

First of all, this place is never-ending.  Don't be fooled, this place is HUGE!  The downstairs is a cafe/coffee bar and there are a few booths and high-tops for patrons who are dining.  Upstairs, there's a bar, and an insane amount of seating.  The ambiance and decor made me feel like I wasn't in Philly anymore.

They serve tapas-style food and our table enjoyed everything we got, from the prosciutto di parma to the caprese salad.  The mozzarella was out of this world - I had never tasted anything so delicious when it comes to cheese.  Each week, they feature a different city from Italy and serve dishes that pertain to that city - what a cool concept!

Service was very attentive and a few of the owners came over and shook our hands.  As this is a rather new establishment, there are still a few kinks to be worked out.  For instance, we were a party of 4 and somehow, my friend and I were seated downstairs, wondering why our other friends were late when in fact, they were seated upstairs waiting on us!  Better communication between the hostess and service staff is needed so that mix-ups like this don't happen, especially on busy nights.  Also, the wine was a bit warm (we had both red and white).  

Overall, I am super excited to go back and try their other items and some espresso and gelato.  Great new addition to Philly!
We we went based upon the recommendation from our Italian teacher who raved about it. Honestly you will feel like you were in Italy as soon as you walk in. Downstairs is a coffee gelato bar upstairs is a very nice restaurant area it is deceptively  larger than you think. 

I husband and I split the Casa salad which was very fresh and dressed lightly and just perfectly. I had the spaghetti vongole which came with several clams in the shell on top of the spaghetti. Such a simple dish prepared perfectly and presented beautifully. My husband and I split the broccoli Robe which was also prepared perfectly-  not too tough, not overcooked. For dessert what else can you have but gelato? There is a reason why he is the gelato champion. It is the creamiest gelato I ever taste it and I tasted many a gelato while I was in Italy. And the meal was complete with a beautifully presented cappuccino.

The service was great- very attentive, very friendly and the prices were not bad at all.  I wish them buona fortuna. You can stop for just coffee, dessert, gelato or meal.
This place is legit Italian and I loved every minute of my time here. Italian is being spoken left and right, the gelato is fantastic and is easily on par with what I've had in Italy, the coffee was delicious, and the entire feel of the place just screams Italy. For a moment you could have fooled me into thinking that I wasn't in Philly. Next time I'll have to try out some of their food items, other than gelato, and wash it down with a Campari spritz or a Negroni.

I also worked from here for a couple hours and depending on where you are seated, it can be quite comfortable. Wi-fi was strong too. No question this will be at the top of my list for places to return to when next in Philly.
The atmosphere of this place is so nice. It's a casual date/girls night out place or you could just go in for a nice brunch/lunch too. You don't have to dine in if you just want a quick sandwich or gelato but I highly recommend  their entrees. We ordered the carrabona and the gnocchi and they were amazing! what's unique about this place is that the carrabona is topped with a bacon flavored gelato! This cold gelato is placed on top of a hot pasta and it melts to orchestrate this amazing taste! the bacon on top gives this smoky flavor as well. We also got their peach/mango sorbet gelato and it was a perfect way to end our night!
We knew we were in for an amazing meal when the waiter started off with a brief history of the restaurant. Also, there's a gelato champion who prepares the gelato! There's a bar on the first floor, and the fancier tables/seating is upstairs, which is where we were seated. They have a large selection of smaller portion dishes for sharing, as well as full entrée sized dishes. 

For dinner, we ordered the Tomato & Basil bruschettA, Paccheri Con Datterini Gialli, Pappardelle Al Ragu Aquilano and the Zuppa di Pesce. Every dish was so flavorful! The portions were on the smaller side, but worked out for us because we were saving room for dessert :) 
We ordered the Paccheri as is (no meat or seafood added), and the sauce was delicious! The Pappardelle was a little heavier, with more meat in the dish, which was SO tender. The Zuppa di Pesce's mussels were delicious and so fresh! We were so content with our dinner! 

For dessert, we tried the Caffe (coffee) gelato and the lemon sorbet gelato. We also shared a Tiramisu. I only ever had gelato once before, so I didn't have much to compare this to, but the gelato was so soft and not too creamy (which I really appreciated). The Tiramisu was one of the best I've tried.

All in all, excellent service, amazing food, and I would 100% go back when I'm in town!

Also, all the waiters wear fedoras which we thought was adorable.
Because my friends spoil me with nice things in life, they took me to Gran Caffe L'Aquila for a nice dinner. 
Pros:
- Impressive upstairs restaurant with soothing music and fancy decorations
- Great wine selection with delicious tapas style menu items 
- Gelato dishes were outstanding, innovative, who would thought gelato could work well on crabcake and pasta?
- Excellent service, our service patiently explained the menu and graciously gave us the gelato tasting which wasnt on the menu 
Cons:
- Could be a bit pricy but you are buying the whole experience so totally worth it
Went with my cousin who lives in the city last night, this is her new favorite Italian restaurant.  All our food was delicious - try the Pera salad, wonderful! And the grilled octopus (which I always order when I am fortunate enough to find it on a menu) was very well prepared. A scoop of gelato to end the meal is a must here, we shared one lemon and one chocolate - both were superb. Loved the atmosphere in the restaurant upstairs, and our server Samantha was one of the best I have ever had the pleasure to meet. All around, well worth visiting and revisiting.
How have I not written a review for here yet? Well, it's amazing. Also, the food is amazing. And get the espresso martini. It's one of my top favorite. 

Everyone working here is friendly, half are speaking Italian to the locals, everyone is chatting, just such a good vibe in this place. 

From sitting at the bar, to a high top table to an outdoor seat, you can't go wrong here. Pastas, incredible. Obviously the prosciutto is perfect. And the Gelato? Reminds you of being in Italy. 

Last I stopped in was NYE 2021 and I'll certainly be back. It's a great location too.
It's been a while since I've been to a real Italian café, however Gran Caffe L'Aquila takes me back to my trip to Italy. 

I heard that the bar area was standing room only and did not have seats, which is was a concern for my husband on crutches in a boot. I called the restaurant prior and they were able to set us up with a reservation in the bar area, even though they typically don't do that for Sips. As it turns out, they do have seats at the bar, however we didn't learn that until we passed some empty seats on our way out. 

Upon arrival our table wasn't ready at the time of our reservation. We had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated. They also weren't able to place us as close to the bar as we had requested, so unfortunately we weren't near our friends who we had wanted to spend time with. Despite closing menus and trying to make contact with every server who walked by, it took about 10 minutes for anyone to check on us. We were about ready to leave, when our server came over and offered his apologies. I'm glad we stayed...

The experience from there on out was charming. Ordering off the Sips menu to start, I went with the Salice Salentino red wine. It was not on their regular menu, but enjoyable. I found it to be dry, but have a slight sweetness to it as well. According to a quick internet search it's supposed to be a pretty cheap wine, but it was still Italian so whatever. I had the Melanzana Parmigiana off of the Sips menu as well. I'm a sucker for eggplant and this dish consisting of eggplant, ricotta, mozzarella and tomato sauce did not disappoint. Give me 3 or 4 of them and it could have been a meal. 

Since we were comfortable at the table and enjoying ourselves we decided to venture into their dinner menu and went with the Pappardelle al Ragu Aquilano. Now I'm no stranger to this dish, and this execution of the ragu was excellent. Often you can get a bunch of "mixed meat" that is undecipherable, but you could really individualize the pork, veal, lamb and chicken while still retaining the general flavor. It was a nice portion to share after each having an appetizer. I would think it would be quite filling when eaten solo. 

Now as you may know, I'm not the biggest dessert person, but thoroughly enjoyed my tiramisu flavored gelato. There's something about a unique, house-produced sweet that has me second guessing my whole stance. Splitting the small hit the spot. 

We both left the café full, but not stuffed. I could only imagine how filling a full three-course meal could be there. 

After the initial service snafu, we couldn't have asked for more out of our server. Despite a crowded dining room, he was polite, professional and attentive as he could be. 

Thoroughly charmed by Gran Caffee L'Aquila, I look forward to a return visit.
Loved it. The staff is really friendly, especially Matteo, our server. Things to get: the octopus and the Hillary Clinton beer and the cappuccino. Things to avoid: that mosaic sushi thing. The restaurant overall is great for a date or just a place to chill with a coffee. Dinner for two comes to about $50 because even though the individual dishes are cheap, you will want to try more than one and then they will add up pretty quickly.
As a true Italian and New Yorker, I always feel sceptic in eating at an Italian restaurant outside of NYC. My wife and I travel to Philly once a year for business, and have never found an authentic Italian restaurant here...until now. 
The smell of espresso coffee and the ambience of an authentic "bar Italiano" drew us in for breakfast with "cornetto e cappuccino". The Best cornetto and cappuccino we have had outside of Italy EVER!!!!
We were hooked, so we had to try a panino for lunch. AMAZING panino with prosciutto, mozzarella and arugola! We had to try dinner!
Long story short, for that week in Philly, we were having breakfast, lunch, coffee/gelato breaks, and dinner there, everyday!
The staff is very friendly. I found a "paesano" of mine from Palermo, Andrea, who was great! We felt like we were at home, or having a meal at a friend's house. I believe Stefano was the name of the chef, was extremely friendly.  
We cannot rave enough about this place!!!
We wish Grand Caffe L'Aquila lots of success! May God bless this business! We now look forward to many more trips to Philly. 
Suggestion: How about a branch in NYC? :)
Ciao! G&G
Great service at the bar upstairs! Everyone who passes you greets you, which is an amazing thing.

If you want great service while visiting, ask for Corina! She is wonderful, and will take care of your every need!

I was only here for happy hour. I chose not to indulge in food this visit. But the prices for hapoy hour at the bar are impeccable considering the fanciness of the restaurant.

Definitely worth stopping by!
The service and quality has really fallen off a cliff in the three years since I last reviewed Gran Caffe--when it was relatively new to the Philly scene. While I can't say I'm completely surprised by its downward trajectory, as most new establishments lose focus on keeping their customers happy and more on their bottom line, the overall customer service has become noticeably more apathetic and sometimes downright negligent.

The menu has remained relatively unchanged over the past few years, and though the food hasn't noticeably depreciated, it is a far cry from the standards and variety that they had a few years ago. Just for comparison's sake, in 2016 and '17, they provided a new menu with offerings from a different region in Italy every few weeks. Whether they ran out of places or just became too lazy to revamp their menu, the offerings have become quite standard--becoming essentially a glorified café.

The coffee and gelato, too, have become increasingly monetarized. Whereas before there used to be a pretty design in the top of every latté and the blends had stronger fruit accents, both are now gone... When I returned this morning for one last try on a completely empty Sunday morning, the servers displayed little attention and spent more time idling on their phones than actually paying attention to ordering or waiting customers.

As for the gelato, it is clear that their "Gelato Champion" Stefano Biasini is attempting to cash in on his recent gelato successes. As they advertise his name recognition more heavily and incorporate that cost into their prices across-the-board, the value has dropped noticeably. It remains decent gelato, but is it worth it anymore? Not in my book, go for any other dessert in Reading Terminal Market if you want glorified ice cream.

The service is truly what has dragged Gran Caffe down the most, however. As I hear patrons complaining about how the wait staff has--on repeated occasions--lost credit cards and regularly taken half an hour to take orders and then bring food during even off-peak hours, it is clear that management cares more about profits than retaining customers.

Is Gran Caffe still worth a try for first-timers? Perhaps. For Philadelphia regulars though? I doubt it. The Philly food scene has long moved past Gran Caffe L'Aquila and its rapidly plunging standards of quality and value.
Wow.  This place was just absolutely amazing!!!  I wish I still had the menu with me so I could remember some of the names of the dishes but can't !  I really just wanted to give this spot 5 stars for everything!  Food, Service, Ambiance.  Their menu is so different from your typical Italian spot.  

Finish more next time...
My friends and I decided to stop by this place on a Saturday night about two weeks ago. One of my girlfriends had already tried it. We had no reservation but we were able to grab a seat in one of the tables near the bar. 

Since I was born and raised in a European country which is full of cafes in every corner and restaurants of this type, I was a little surprised to find out that such a place even existed. Literally, as soon as I walked in it brought me back memories. Good ones, of course!  

Menu changes periodically. They travel to a different city of Italy each week and that week it was "Rome". We ordered a cheese plate and and the mortadella along with white wine. We ordered desserts too. The panna cotta I got was truly beyond delicious and very light. This is one of the reasons why I'm in love with good, Italian food - it's not overwhelming but tastes amazing. 

The service was outstanding and so was food. It's a great addition to Chestnut street. Planning on definitely going back to try their other dishes.
It's been 24 hours and I am still raving and drooling about this place.  Based on the location, I didn't expect much but boy was I wrong. The whole experience was phenomenal. Kudos to Andrea (sp?) for making our night. He was so excited to be there serving us. We were given a quick history about the restaurant and its uniqueness. 

My sister and I shared the carbonara and the pappardelle pasta with ragu. We were left speechless and amazed. The carbonara came with a bacon gelato. Not sure how we felt about it at first but it definitely brought the flavors together. The pappardelle was also delicious. Not confirmed but we agreed that they definitely make their own pasta there. Though the portions were just right, I wish they were bigger so I could indulge more!!

Unlike the night before, we left room for dessert this time and ordered the flight of gelato (it comes with a spoonful of 5 different flavors). If you are pistachio fan, GET THE PISTACHIO GELATO. You won't be disappointed.
I had a phenomenal dinner here. The majority of the plates here are served small, like tapas. My friend and I ordered three small plates. The mussels in white wine sauce were delicious, the lamb skewers were tender and flavorful, and the gnocchi was cooked perfectly. Three plates were enough, with room for dessert. If we were skipping dessert, we would have ordered one more plate. 

I'm really glad we left room for dessert. They have the best gelato I've had in the States. Seriously. The salted caramel just melted in your mouth. It was cold, creamy, smooth, buttery, sweet, salty goodness. The dark chocolate was great too, it had the right balance of sweet and bitterness. I also had a tiramisu because I can never resist. It was delicious and went really well with the dark chocolate gelato. But the salted caramel gelato was perfection.

Service was wonderful. Pricing is reasonable. I would definitely recommend this place to others. We sat upstairs, where it was a bit crowded but still intimate. 

Tip: make a dinner reservation on the weekend. It fills up so walk-ins will probably be turned away.
I have mixed feelings about this place. It's my go to place for gelato, and if the place is not too busy the staff has been very kind and let me and my wife and son sit at one of the outside tables while we slowly ate our gelato. I one time also had dinner here and I mostly wasn't impressed. I tried the misto frito and a pasta dish and I thought both too salty and both just average. I'll continue to come back here for gelato, but there are many better restaurants in the city (and just across the river) for Italian food.
Came back to try the food! Amazing :) Maestro Biasini's gelato pairings to die for. Upon our waitor, Carl's recommendation,   we got the arrosticini biasini which was phenomenal. I couldn't get enough of the mustard gelato with the lamb/bacon skewers. I honestly want to buy that gelato "to go" for dinner parties. We also got the gnocchi. They were like clouds that would just melt in your mouth. The dish came together with the parmigiano, but would have been bland for my taste without it. You have to get the parmigiano in every bite to get the perfect experience. Also try the Lazio syrah! Fruity and not too dry. All in all wonderful restaurant! This is one of my top places to recommend at the moment :)
If you're looking for real, Italian gelato, look no further than Gran Caffe L'Aquila. I first heard of the establishment from my friend who grew up in Rome, and she claims that the gelato here is as authentic and delicious as anything she ever had growing up. My favorite flavors are hazelnut, pistachio, and tiramisu! 

If their food and coffee are anything like the gelato, I definitely won't be disappointed. I plan to be back for a full meal soon!
Amazing! Everything is fantastic. If you enjoy authentic Italian coffee and handmade pastries, this is a MUST stop in town.
An amazing and authentic Italian Cafe and Restaurant. My fiance and I ate at the upstrairs dining area last weekend. The upstairs is absolutely beautiful from the moment you walk up. The small and intricate details are amazing. Staff is extremely accomodating, special shout-out to our server Samantha from expertly "wining and dining" us. She took us on a tour of both the wine list, and regular menu, knowing immediately what kind of experience we wanted. As we ate our meal, a few managers came over to speak to us and ask us if everything was ok (which it was and which is always welcome). We enjoyed talking to the owners and learning more about the location. We will be back!
This makes my list of one of the best Italian restaurants in a city with an already fantastic variety of Italian and Italian-American restaurants. From the wine choices to the appetizers, to the entrees and dessert, it is a true gem.  Service was well-informed, friendly and attentive (Thanks, Shane P!), and the wine choices were nearly overwhelming. My wife and I shared a burrata and roasted pepper caponata to start, followed by veal saltimbocca for her, and a pork stuffed ravioli topped with a savory gelato (!) for me.  Dessert was two scoops of dark bittersweet chocolate and peach-mango gelato the likes of which I have not tasted since the last time we were in Firenze.  Each and every dish was very nearly perfect, and honestly, the bill was pleasantly and surprisingly reasonable. The upstairs seating is more comfortable and less casual than downstairs, and probably better for a date night, whereas downstairs is more suited to a quick bite or just a quick gelato fix.

Take my advice... if you are a fan of Italian cuisine and Italian culture, get yourself over to this gem and make yourself a regular there.
Tonight was my second time here, and after having experienced drinks, food and service, I'm ready to write a review- and its a great one!
Both of my visits to Gran Caffe l'Aquila were work-related (just another reason I love my job). The first time was a summer happy hour, which was when I tried the Gran Gianduiotto Gran Caffe L'Aquilla/Levante stout, which might just be my favorite stout beer ever. (It's dessert-y but not cloyingly so - if you're a stout fan, do yourself a favor and get it). The ambiance was very nice, my party being seated towards the back of the first floor, where it was extra bustling with servers flying to and fro carrying platters of food and drink (sometimes to us, but mostly we were kind of in their way which I felt bad about, especially because they were so nice about it). The wine selection was tempting, but I'm a one drink-per happy hour girl (at least these days). The prices are what you would expect for a nice Italian restaurant kind of experience, but the quality definitely lives up to them, so very worth it.
Today's visit was for the office holiday party. Same location, same bustle. This time I partook of the food though, and I was very glad I did because everything I ate was completely delicious. The eggplant caponata bruschetta was as perfect, cooked just right and full of flavor, and the and tomato basil bruschetta was served with burrata mozzarella, the combination of which was so good I had to stop myself from going after the plates of my distracted colleagues. Being in the mood for a lighter drink, I had a glass of prosecco this time, and it was crisp and refreshing without screaming summer - a good sparkling wine for the winter too (although at 55 degrees today, what kind of winter is this?)
The food and drinks are all great, but I must acknowledge a truly personable and thoughtful waitstaff as well. As a vegetarian, I wasn't able to indulge in the meatier dishes offered, but I was pretty darn happy with my decadent bread and cheese (and those sinfully seasoned tomatoes). But one server in particular went above and beyond, bringing out dishes of sauteed mushrooms, broccoli rabe and asparagus, JUST for me and my other vegetarian colleagues (I think there are two). Given that this was a substitution from the original order, completely unasked for and unexpected, I am extra appreciative. I'll be making more trips to Gran Caffe l'Aquila (without my colleagues this time) for more happy experiences like these.
Meets most, if not all, of my rating criteria listed below. Good food, good service, good ambiance.

My rating criteria based off of:
- Service: Wait time; available, communicative, or knowledgeable waitstaff; water refill
- Ambiance: Seating (privacy, space, outdoors), music, lighting, decor, cleanliness, other entertainment (TV, live bands, piano)
- Food: Taste, quality of ingredients, portions, and presentation
- Selection: Uniqueness, variety, reasonable price for value, accommodation for dietary restrictions/allergies/intolerances
- Location & misc: Parking (bike, car), within walking distance of parking, safety, ease of find, nearby locations, good bathrooms
- Misc: Wifi, would recommend to others, would revisit, accepts diff tender, delivery/takeout, catering
I went here for my birthday dinner and it was fantastic! The wait staff is very knowledgeable about the menu (which is helpful since it is a huge selection), as well as the cool history behind this place. The food came out fast and was absolutely amazing. I definitely recommend trying one of their gelato savory dishes. We tried the crab cakes and the carbonara and both were incredible! 

Oh and definitely save room for dessert, the gelato is out of this world.
Such a cute find in the city!

They have two levels, a Gelato place on the street level and a dining area on the 2nd floor. We arrived around 3-4PM and were seating promptly. Employees are dressed in black and white outfits, the decor was themed and the menu was huge...maybe because they had a large wine/alcohol selection. 

We ordered the Spaghetti Alle Vongole (w/ clams), Linguine Al Granchio, Paccherio con Datterini Galli. The prices were reasonable for the overall experience. I loved my Paccherio con Datterini Galli dish, the Spagettii was pretty good, although the pasta was a bit undercooked, and the Linguine was good, but definitely not my favorite. 

For desert, we got the Sfogliatelle (pastry filled with ricotta) and the Creme Caramel. The pastry was a bit dry and I didn't really get the flavor of the ricotta.

5 Stars for great pasta! And great service!
This place is a gem. Delicious food with a menu that changes often while retaining a core group of dishes. 

Pasta made fresh, coffee roasted and ground, gelato hand made. Yum. 

Reasonable prices, polished staff, great location.   Liquor is a bit pricey - $13.50 for a premium vodka martini. 

Come early if you like a quiet meal. Place fills up around 7 and gets noisy.

Don't know what Matt E's gripe is about. I have traveled extensively in Italy and used to live in Little Italy in Manhattan. Still dine there frequently. I just had the paparadell that he found inedible and with a sauce from a grocery stores shelf. I found it to be delicious as did my wife. I believe his opinion is a small minority.
We had a fabulous lunch at this restaurant. Coupled by two bottles of primitivo @40$ each we chose appetizers to share. The lamb skewers with chili sauce, pasta carbonara to die for (with bacon ice cream), eggplant parm and fresh cut Parma ham. All accompanied by fresh bread and olive oils. We could not resist to share many of their artisan ice creams and home roasted Italian coffee. Fabulous for all food Connaisseurs.
My boyfriend and I are visiting Philadelphia for a long weekend from DC. We chose this restaurant for dinner due to its proximity to our Airbnb and the high ratings. It was fantastic and far exceeded our expectations!!

We happened to be there while they were having Restaurant Week so we had four courses, including dessert. We also got a bottle of Montepulciano d'Abruzzo wine. All of it was amazing, but the definite winner of the night was the Agnoletti Al Tartufo, veal and pork ravioli topped with truffle gelato that melted as you ate. The flavor of the gelato complemented the pasta so well and was so complex and delicious we had to sop up all the sauce with bread before they took the plate away! I would definitely recommend it, and can only imagine how good their other pasta/gelato dishes must be.

The service was also superb; our server Andrea was very sweet, which only made our experience better.

We ate here just last night but are seriously considering having dinner here again on our last night in the city... and breakfast our last morning.
Really cool place with a unique menu! The waiter told us a little bit of history about the owners which made us appreciate it more. Definitely have never had savory gelato, especially on pasta!! Such a cool experience!
Great place for dinner.  The choices of small plates and pasta dishes (which were good sizes, but not too big) are plentiful.  After just coming back from Italy, this place is spot on.  The salumi, cheeses, pasta, and wine were among the best in the city.  Gelato shouldn't be missed either.  Great addition to chestnut street.
So this review is not on the pasta with the savory gelato, which is an interesting concept. I will need to return and try the crab cake with gelato, as well as the pasta with gelato. 

This review is on the gelato alone. Though I still prefer Capogiro Gelato for their greater variety of flavors and taste, this place has quality ingredients. I ordered the Kinderino, which was filled with Kinder chocolate love. I thought this flavor was a little on the sweeter side, but it's Kinder. The Desire had good vanilla flavor with maraschino cherries. If you're a fan of those preserved, sweetened cherries, this is the flavor for you. I wasn't blown away by the gelato here but I have to say, it's creamy, smooth, and I can taste the quality ingredients.

Savory gelato and Italian desserts for another day.
This place is definitely an experience all in itself. I give credit to the owners for hitting it out of the park, they really made this place to make you feel like your eating in Italy. A little back story, when their original restaurant in Piazza, Italy was severely damaged in 2009 they decided to bring thier landmark cafe to Philidelphia. The place is is split in two sections, the downstairs is a authentic Italian bar featuring fresh house made gelato, coffee and desserts. The upstairs is their dining room and in the back it features their gelato lab and coffee roasting area. The staff is very informed and friendly and the food is fresh and delicious. 

We started our meal with an order of Arancini (Sicilian rice ball, veal & pork ragu, peas, mozzarella and tomoto sauce). They were nice and crispy, flavorful and really cheesy. Next we tried a sampling of their famous gelato pairings. We had their Agnoletti AL Tartufo (ravioli stuffed with veal, pork, onion & herbs, topped with black & white truffle gelato. Also tried their Torta Granchio (mascarpone cheese crabcake, topped with roasted red pepper gelato). And also Pici AL Prosciutto (Tuscan spaghetti, smoky vodka sauce, pancetta topped with smoked prosciutto gelato). All the pastas were cooked to perfect aldente, the sauces were rich and tasty and the gelato really added a creamy rich flavor to the dishes. While thinking gelato and pasta would not work and it is a experience of cold and hot in the end it works and I think it is genius! If your looking for a out of the box experience and a fantastic meal give them a try.
I enjoyed my dinner with great pleasure. I ordered the Insalata Pera and the Pasta Fazul and the way that Gran Caffe prepares it, it is authentic and delicious. I had not had the pleasure of enjoying an authentic Pasta Fazul in over twenty years. G.C. prepares it with the cannellini bean, which is the correct way.

As a drink, I imbibed an Aperol Spritz, which was also very pleasurable.  I shall return again. Oh, and the service was impeccable.
We stopped in for a quick coffee and were instantly transported to Italy.  Owners were friendly, excited to have us sample their gelato. As soon as I tasted the pistachio sample I could tell it was different.  It was creamier and more flavorful than others I've had (except for those I've enjoyed in Italy).  The space - beautifully designed with great attention to detail, we look forward to returning for lunch and dinner.  This cafe/restaurant deserves to be supported.  I hope that when we return, we'll be disappointed by the long wait.
Great find with do many authentic Italian recipes  and ingredients. We tried the Buffalo and burrata moz with caponata, carbonara with bacon gelato, boat meatballs and cheek pasta. All delicious!

And great service!
This is a short review based off of the GELATO (that you can freely purchase without needing a table).  

IF you plan on stopping by for gelato ONLY then the protocol is to walk midway into the restaurant to the cash register where you will first pay for your cup size.  Afterwards you'll be given a receipt to give to the people who will then dispense the gelato to you!  I find this to be important as otherwise it's pure pandemonium with people standing in front of the display and clogging up the area only to be told to go pay first.

There are many selections that they offer.  We tried their yogurt, mixed berry and chocolate chip vanilla options which were all delicious.  

Price for a small cup is $4.99 (I think) but they do pile it high so if you just want to enjoy some good gelato then I say to give this place a go.
I'm not a fan of dining out on Valentine's day, but Gran Caffe L'Aquila made it worthwhile.  I don't want to deal with crowds or menus that are easier on the chefs to mass produce and push out.  Not this place though.  They offer such a wide variety of their menu and they change it up every week with a special visit to Italian Cities.  For Valentine's day, we were treated to a trip in Verona, home of Romeo and Juliet.  It's so fitting too, because Romeo and Juliet plays such a vital part in my marriage.  My wife and I both know that if we think the other one is dead, to not drink poison and just wait it out...  Most likely one of us is just sleeping...  No need to make a tragedy out of laziness...  

Anyways, we were greeted right away and although we were about twenty minutes early for our reservation, we were promptly seated upstairs.  Our waitress introduced herself and explained the menu.  We really needed a game plan on how to maximize our happiness and we figured out the best way to do that.  I started off with the Bigoli Al Rosemarino.  Bigoli pasta with a duck ragu, with some rosemary and ricotta gastronomic gelato mixed in.  SERIOUSLY...  Savory gelato in the shape of a heart, that I was supposed to break up and mix into my pasta.  It added a nice touch and well worth it.  My wife also went with a Gelato pairing, but not from the Verona menu.  She got the Agnoletti al tartufo with a black and white truffle gelato.  Both were great.  

I didn't know what to get for my entree, but I went with the Veal Saltimboca.  It was the perfect thickness and had a great taste.  A nice sage and wine sauce accompanied it.  I love veal and it's not always great, but this place does it right.  The wife got some duck breast with blood orange.  I enjoyed the skin, but mine was definitely better.  

For drinks, we both went with the Sgroppino, which had lemon sorbetto mint, some lemoncino vodka and prosecco.  It was light and refreshing.  After our meal, I enjoyed a shot of espresso with chocolate and mint.  My wife ordered a cappuccino with caramel sauce.  To finish the meal, we both enjoyed two scoops of Gelato.  We held some discussions prior to ordering and I advised against trying to mix flavors.  Sometimes you can get too creative and it just doesn't work...  We were offered the choice of mixing flavors and might as well throw all logic out...  I mixed the chocolate covered Strawberry with the dark chocolate gelato, while my wife also had dark chocolate, but with cherry.  Both were so smooth and delicious.  Fantastic gelato.  

Everyone was just so friendly here and patient.  I think the manager came over three times to us.  My major complain was that I am assuming my wife's family was sitting directly behind me, because there was someone who kept on sneezing so incredibly loud during their meal.  Great service and food.  Can't be better than that.  A great Valentine's day meal!
I love this place. I have only gone by myself to have coffee and to satisfy the intense pasta/aperol spritz cravings that started to hit me after my return from a trip to Italy. 

Gran Caffe is always very successful in satisfying the cravings, the pasta is excellent, the coffee is exactly right, and you can't lose with an aperol spritz.
This has been one of my fave philly restaurants ever since it opened. Whether it's for lunch, dinner, dessert, snack. Just love it. This review will be for weekday lunch

Food:
My go to is the carbonara gelato pasta ($16) The presentation is beautiful, and the pasta itself is always so good. Cooked to a perfect al dente, bacon gelato melts all over your pasta and mixes so perfectly to create the perfect bite. I break the bacon into smaller fragments and it adds a little texture to each bite. 

We also got the salmon ($19.90). Cooked well, a tad bit overcooked for my taste. But just barely. The flavor made up for it. The delicious drizzle over the salmon pairs nicely. The asparagus is also cooked well, not too soft nor hard. 

Dessert:
I always love the flight of gelato. For $9.90, you get a generous spoonful of 5 flavors: peach mango, salted caramel, Desire, pistachio, bacio. Their gelato is so creamy and smooth. 

After my trip to Italy, I'm quite the gelato snob and this gelato is comparable to the gelato I had at authentic Firenze gelato shops. 

Also, they have a weekly special where they feature different regions of Italy. Another reason to come back weekly! YUM! 

Stop reading and just eat here already!!
Excellent classy restaurant! The food and atmosphere is perfect for a date night or anytime you happen to be craving authentic Italian food. The carbonara with bacon gelato was delicious. Of course since the gelato is on top the dish is not as warm as most but the flavor is amazing. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone coming to Philadelphia.
A very nice place with a good food and service.
I'll stay only a couple of days in Philadelphia, so I'm looking for another opportunity to come here and have more!
WOW. I don't know what else to say! I wasn't prepared for this to be so good, but don't trust the unassuming facade. I did not get to take many photos since I was on company business when I dined here. I need to go back and really take my time with everything on date night. 

I enjoyed: Limonata, Bruschette with fresh mozzarella and Basil, homemade gnocchi with taleggio cream, shaved locatelli, and wild mushrooms, salted caramel gelato, and a capuccino. 

The Bruscette was remarkable. we added Mozzarella cheese which made it heavenly. I got the gnocci which was a small portion, but turned out to be the perfect amount because it was so rich and dense. After sitting in the upper level next to the master gelato maker (honestly-look it up-he is a WORLD CHAMPION GELATO MAKER RIGHT HERE IN PHILLY!) We ended our meal with a Salted Caramel gelato and cappuccino. The quality and skill in both were unlike anything I have ever had bevore. 

This was truly a perfect meal. I do not have a single bad thing to say about the food. The service was a bit slow and at times lacking. There are a lot of Italian words on the menu so if you are not a native speaker, a little assistance in this area would have been helpful. I am glad I did a bit of menu research prior to my visit or I would have been a vegetarian with a plate of spiced meat :) Gnocci is vegetarian friendly FYI. 

The place seemed to be a hub for Italian friends living in the city-While there I saw many people come in and excited hug and catch up with either employees or other guests. (Usually the sign of an authentic spot!) 

If you can't afford an entire meal-at least treat yourself to a gelato next time you are on Chestnut Street! (GUYS-THE WORLD CHAMPION GELATO MAKER IS IN OUR CITY.)
By far, the best Italian food I've had in quite some time. Visited during Restaurant Week and started with the Ostriche (2 fresh shucked oysters), followed by the Polipo (grilled octopus). For my third course I went with the Agnoletti al Tartufo (homemade petit ravioli stuffed with veal, pork, onion, and herbs. These were topped with a butter sage sauce and a gastronomic black & white truffle gelato). Never had gelato incorporated into an entree but woooooo yes! Final course was the Tiramisu, graciously accompanied by a generous sharing of my friend's pistachio and salted caramel gelato. 

Overall, this was a superb dining experience. Service was great and the staff all seemed to be happy to be there. I cannot wait to come back!
Having come back from a delightful trip to Italy and that cuisine, I was having a craving for some authentic Italian food. Needless to say, the restaurant did much more than just satisfy my palette. I had a mixed appetizer dish along with some bruschette and a carbonara topped with, get ready for this, bacon gelato. The food was amazing and I am glad to have chosen this place!

Warm and clean environment, excellent service, and an appetizing meal. Not much more you could ask for from any restaurant!
OMGOSH. BEST GELATO EVER. I'M NOT EXAGGERATING.

their food is amazing too, but i think the gelato is where this place shines. 
2 other friends and i all audibly reacted to the pistachio gelato. the taste is different from other pistachio gelatos but so good. the cherry was good too. 

food wise... really delicious. 
black truffle gelato ravioli was a delicious experience. having gelato on pasta. try it!
grilled lamb skewers. yum. well seasoned and cooked so it's juicy and tender.
meatballs were good too, but didn't blow my mind (i don't think a meatball really can)
the free bread is on point too. basically most food here is bomb.

So.. check this place out for good italian food, but DEFINITELY stop by for dessert gelato if you are nearby!
I parked and immediately noticed a new kid on the block.  God damn am I glad I came in!  

Cappuccino is amazing.  According to the owner (these guys just opened last week), they started this place with a guy who was voted #1 cafe in Italy before an earthquake wrecked the store.  Normally I'd scream bullshit, but I think these guys are legit.
Note: this review is for the gelato only.  I found this place by accident when walking in Center City Philadelphia.  As someone who studied in Italy, I am always on the search for good gelato.  I am so happy this place opened!  I used to frequent capogiro but prefer this place's gelato and find the flavor selection better, too.  The gelato is slightly more expensive but is worth it.  The atmosphere for the gelato/coffee area downstairs is great and I would highly recommend this cafe for anyone looking for gelato or coffee.  

I will return to try the full restaurant upstairs!
I freaking love this place. Absolutely crave-worthy, delicious, strong, smooth coffee. I found this place maybe 1-2 years ago when I was in town for a conference and I've been back several times after the first time I tried it. I am HOOKED. 

It's really beginning to feel like spring! I was only in Philly for a few hours today but I had to come here (that's how much I like it). Enjoyed my first iced coffee of the season! My go to is an iced cappuccino with hazelnut, and the best part is even with the ice it doesn't taste watered down. My drink came topped with velvety milk froth and the amount of hazelnut was just right (not too sweet). 

The inside is swanky as heck and I opted to sit at the bar since I was only there for a quick cup of coffee with a friend. Tables are for table service only. They also offer alcoholic beverages, food, and gelato. Service was quick and easy and the servers are super nice. One offered to top me off with more milk/ice and checked on me to see if I wanted anything else. I'd rather go here than a Starbucks as the quality of coffee you're getting for the same $5 is so much better!
We tried both their specialties: house-made gelato and house-roasted coffee and several others. 
Gambri Alla Grappa is very similar to light buffalo sauce but not that spicy topping on the giant tiger shrimp. 
Arancini are Italian stuffed rice balls that are coated with bread crumbs. It is crispy outside and soft inside. I love it is not that cheesy or tomato sauce doesn't  overpower other flavors.
Arrosticini Abruzzese/lamb skewers : many restaurants don't really know how to get off gamy odor but Gran Caffe L'Aquild knows how to make its strong flavor become a delicious dish. 
Chitarra : I don't like to order tomato based pasta which certainly overweight other flavors and all you tastes is tomato acid but Gran Caffe L'Aquild  know how to balance tomato acid so you see red color, know it is tomato based pasty and still enjoy the flavors from other ingredients.
What is so good about their Spaghetti alle Vongole is full of flavor of sea, with fresh clams, mild garlic and olive oil that makes this classic seafood dish more unique and charming. 
Veal chop (Nodino) is tender with olive oil, garlic and fresh herb that every ingredients (rosemary potato, pasta sauce, and asparagus) of this dish exudes sophistication. 
The portion of their main course is not that big so we still had room for their dessert.  We tried Tiramisu, Crème Brulee, Italian cheesecake that are way too sweet for my taste but there is no doubt that they are the best for affogato (Fondente gelato and kinderino) and gelato comparing to Veniero, Ferrara and La Bella Ferrara at NYC.
Great Zuppa and drinks!  Jordan our server rocked!  Great place in Downtown PHL.  Had a short layover and wanted to check out a good Italian place.  Bruechetta app was fantastic.  We justbordered what Jordan suggested and were very pleased.
Delightful atmosphere for coffee or a drink. The meals here are delicious and worth the wait! The staff is helpful and attentive.
This place is amazing! I love their offerings. For breakfast, I had the gran cafe (espresso and gelato) and a croissant with fresh mozzarella and prosciutto... mmmmm what a way to start the morning. The staff are very friendly and attentive. Highly recommend this place, a must check-out!
They also have a full bar, if you like your coffee with a "kick", Yeeeeehaw!  will have to be back for lunch and dinner to try some pasta.
I thought a light breakfast would be nice. Sunday at 8:30 am . Went to the bar and got a latte' . It was as good a coffee I've had in the US. But the breakfast offerings are tiny. A few premade croissants. The service and the barista were very good. The space is very pretty, but sitting at the bar, they have lightning that shines up from the floor. Blinded at breakfast is nuts! And the bathrooms. They were dirty from the night before. I'm mean really dirty. That's just not acceptable. I decided to try someplace else to eat. I'm not sure if I want to bother to come back. I'm not sure why they open for breakfast. If you can't get your game together then don't bother.
I've been passing this place on my way to work over the past few months and have been pretty curious about what was going on inside.  Comically, it seems that the scaffolding has shed its way from this building on to the adjacent properties.  From what I gathered about the information they had posted on the windows, I thought the place was going to be a regular coffee/ice cream place.  Man, was I wrong.  

Walking inside, I was immediately impressed by the modern design cues.  It's really impressive, but there isn't a lot of seating.   I hear they are going to be opening a second floor, so hopefully that alleviates that issue.  I only stopped in for a cup of coffee, but ended up treating myself to some of their alcohol infused gelato as well (the mojito one).  It was surprisingly excellent.  After seeing those skewers another reviewer posted, I think I'll be heading back soon to try those out.  If you find yourself stopping by, I recommend the Napoli blend of Coffee.  It really got my heart pumping and had an amazing taste to it.    

I can't really speak to the quality, but it LOOKS like they have some really authentic toasted italian panini.  The menu is also surprisingly large, but it seems to be focused primarly on small plate tapa style meals.  I think I'll have to build up the courage to try one of the gelato meal pairings.    

Bottom line: this place is carb heaven.  

I do agree with other reviewers that it was a bit odd that there were a lot of waiters for the relatively small space.  Maybe because they just opened? I'll be back, and I will be ordering more gelato. Maybe I'll try the saffron?
First timers here. We came for restaurant week, and actually ordered from the restaurant week menu (not something that we would usually do!). The restaurant week menu was great, and the regular menu a little overwhelming (HUGE menu!). 

Here's a quick break down:

~Apps:

1.Caprese Salad: Freaking heavenly. You would think this would be a typical caprese salad? Hell no! So much better. 

2. Grilled Octopus: Much smaller than the app from the normal menu (comparing from photos in other reviews), but delicious non-the-less.

3. Boar Meatballs: Omg. Can I eat these, and only these, forever and ever? Yup. They were THAT good. With a bit of spice.

4. Sulami Sushi: This was my least favorite of the apps, but okay. Probably wouldn't recommend.

~Entrée

1. Papardelle: Holy moly! Meat heaven. This meal tastes a trillion times better than it looks. A bunch of delicious meat slow cooked in ribbons and ribbons of pasta....yes please. Entrée winner for us!

2. Veal Braciole: Hubby's choice of entrée. Tender, cheesy, and delicious - his description of the meal.

Okay, so we were both happy and full, with delicious wine and beers accompanying our meal. Then, comes desert, which = gelato heaven.

~Desert: 

Four flavors that we tried & loved!:

Me: House Roasted Coffee & Dark Chocolate - O.M.G. for real!

Hubby: Pistachio & Nutella - Legit, he said. 

Great meal, great service, great night. Will come again to order from everyday dinner menu for sure.
Disclosure: This review is solely for their coffee.

It was AMAZING! I hate/strongly dislike coffee and I always begrudgingly go with friends to coffee shops. My friend ordered their cappuccino and was blown away. So much so that he told me I had to try a sip and that this was the way coffee is suppose to taste. 

I was very resistant to even try it because I've been swindled before but upon his insistence I finally gave in. This is without a doubt the first and possibly only time I would have to agree that the coffee was good. It was very smooth and did not have this bitter aftertaste that I usually taste with coffee. 

I will without a doubt stop by in the future and try their food and desserts.
Not much better then last time. Frito Misto not hot or crispy. The bruschetta was good. We also shared a panini with spec. It was the best item. Service was very good. Real Italian. Soccer on TV and excellent coffee.
A little piece of Italy right in Philly! I was so impressed with this Cafe, I couldn't stop talking about it for 3 days. The environment is very elegant but still casual. Perfect place for any occasion, weather you're going out with your parents, friends or significant other. Our waitress was very well educated on the authenticity of food being served. 

Their fresh bread and herb infused olive oil is so yummy, I would go back just for that alone! I started with an appetizer of fried calamari, shrimp and zucchini, which was served with a tomato dipping sauce. For my main dish I had a light salad with melon and shrimp. 

Finally, to top it all off, the best cappuccino I have ever had!! Everything was amazing!! I can't wait to go back.
This is one of those places where I could have spent an entire day here, sampling every possible item on the menu. Unfortunately, we already had dinner plans at a nearby restaurant, so we stopped in for some pre-dinner caffeine instead. 

I had a NOCCIOLINO, which is an espresso with hazelnut, foam, and chocolate. First of all, my heart was won over already by the adorable little to-go cup it came in. Add to that the sweetness of hazelnut and chocolate permeating every sip of espresso and you pretty much can't lose. 

After dinner, we walked past Gran Caffe L'Aquila again and I decided on a SHAKERATO CLASSICO, which is a double espresso shaken with ice and sugar. Yes, I'm acutely addicted to espresso ^_^. This was the perfect post-dinner/pre-night out drink. It was cool and refreshing, just wonderful!! It's pretty sweet, so if you're not a fan of exceedingly sweet drinks, you may want to tell them to add less sugar. Little ice crystals establish themselves throughout the espresso, but not in a diluting way; rather, you get a smooth and cooling feeling.
The pistachio gelato here is the best I've ever had! Easily best gelato in Philly. They had a special beer gelato that they were serving - I tried a sample and it literally tasted like I just took a sip of beer. It's kind of magical how they're able to pull that flavor and conjure up a gelato out of it - and it's all made in-house by the chef.

The service is insanely good here as well - all of the employees seemed so enthusiastic and hospitable.
I've been to Gran Cafe L'Aquila on numerous occasions and always enjoyed the cuisine and service from the bartenders since i always sit at the bar.  I had dinner last night with a friend of mine at the upstairs bar.  The order of guests seated at the bar were 2 Caucasian men, Asian couple, Asian man, 2 Caucasian men and we sat at the last 2 seats at the bar. The bartender (Giuseppe) gave us less than standard service. I very rarely feel service is different because i'm African American. I'm always courteous to servers and bartenders especially since I work in the service industry.

This bartender gave us very little to no service as we had to ask for everything after waiting close to 10 minutes before offered an initial cocktail.  As Giuseppe spent a good amount of time conversing with the 2 Caucasian men sitting next to the service station, we had to as for EVERYTHING including water, menus, another glass of wine (as mine sat empty).  We had to ask for his attention to place our dinner orders and the bar patrons were leaving or had left by this time. As a service industry worker, i notice levels of service in establishments.  I watched the bartender's interaction and service with the other patrons, therefore myself and friend truly feel our service was lacking due to our race...The food deserves 5 stars!!!
Perfect. Simply incredible. One of the best Italian restaurants I've been to in the US if not the best. Go and have a great meal, but save room for the gelato. It is by far the best ice cream I've ever had. Wow!
This place is absolutely DELICIOUS! Had a great time here eating amazing food. My friend and I came around lunch time on Thursday and it was not too packed, but there were still a decent amount of people. The hostess seemed a bit disorganized, so we waited about 15 minutes to get seated because nobody was manning the front stand. Everyone was so nice and hospitable though, so it wasn't a big deal. 

1. Get the lamb skewers! Literally amazing. They are a bit on the salty side, but the skewers are so tender and so flavorful. Definitely my favorite dish out of everything we ordered.

2. We also ordered a prosciutto dish that had olives and some type of cracker underneath. I wasn't a huge fan of the olives (I don't actually like most olives) but the prosciutto literally melts in your mouth. Everything at this restaurant is so good! 

3. I got the bacon carbonara. At first I was a bit confused about why there was a dollop of gelato in the dish, but it somehow works! The pasta is great and again, a bit on the salty side, but still delicious. 

4. I ordered a glass of the moscato which was also fantastic. Not too sweet but still so flavorful. For dessert, I got the amoretto gelato. It had a nice texture and taste like some kind of cookie- would highly recommend. You can go up to the gelato counter and try any of the flavors, just ask for a sample! I tried several and they were all delicious. 

The menu is huge and just from what we ordered this time around, I will definitely be coming back to try new things. Just watching the plates come out of the kitchen, there are so many other items at this restaurant I want to try. I would HIGHLY recommend coming here. The atmosphere is pretty casual, but in a way that you can still take a date here and it would seem classy. Our order of 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, a glass of wine, and a medium and small gelato came out to be around 85 USD, which I thought was a pretty fair price considering HOW MUCH food we ordered, the large portion sizes, and how amazing the food was !! 

The only true complaint I have is that the tables in this restaurant are so tiny!
This place is OUTSTANDING! My boyfriend is from Italy and he is so happy to find a place where the food and atmosphere reminds him of where he is from. He said it is the best Italian food that he has had in the 30 years that he has lived in the US. We found our new go to spot for drinks, coffee, and food! If you haven't tried this place it is an absolute must that you do!!  Can't wait to go back!!!
As we walked in with our baby stroller i felt so unwelcome.  There was a table with a baby in tow nearby.  It just seemed we were looked down upon.  I refused to let it bother me and opted to try a dessert item.  The tiramisu was just so-so.  I've had a much better one (if not the best) from Nomad in South Philly, yes from a pizza place.  The space makes it seem as though you've traveled to Italy, nice but tight.  Maybe i'll give them another chance.
Amazing cafe latte! Best new cafe philly! Very chic and modern with great service. Can't wait to go back.
Oh sweet Jesus please don't listen to these people who enjoy this place, as I believe they have only visited for the gelato. I've tried to have dinner here 3 times, the landfood is decent nothing special and a little pricey. Now for why I hate this place, the seafood.

I love seafood, I'm from Annapolis Maryland and grew up with seafood. Their seafood is rotten. 3 times I've tried to enjoy it, and 3 times I've had to send it back. Every time this happens, they are apologetic but do not believe me. I'm not stupid, I know what a rotten clam tastes like. Just turn the damn fridge down!!
This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia! Their dishes are tasty and the gelato is superb!

I typically get pasta when I go here, with their tagliatelle being my favorite. Their pasta portions are not large hefty ones you might see in some cities little Italy but they are smaller, filling, and fairly priced. Also I should mention their complimentary bread appetizer with olive oil is so so good. While here you will have to try the gelato. It's expensive, I will admit, but they are packed with flavor that you probably won't want a large portion because a small will be enough to satisfy. Their nocciola is my favorite, while the espresso is also great.

The restaurant itself is beautiful. The downstairs has the gelato, dessert shelf, and bar, while upstairs is restaurant seating. The space is all around elegant and beautiful. It's a great place for sipping some coffee during the day or a meal at night.
Incredible.  Authentic.  The pappardelle and chitarra pastas were insanely good.  Terrific wine selection (Sella & Mosca Cannonau di Sardegna by the glass!).  Best coffee in the city.  Unspeakably delicious gelato (go pistachio or nocello). The staff is genuinely hospitable and warm.  The kind of place that will make you consider moving closer so you can visit every day.
This review is solely based on dessert. We had dinner Dizengoff and thanks to yelp I found that Gran Cafe L'Aquila was only a short 2-block walk.

The restaurant is very nice and oozes out a European vibe. We sat at a table near an open window that faced Chestnut Street. This only added to continental feel of this cafe.

Our waiter was very attentive and our desserts came out quickly. We had the Brioche Bread Pudding, the Lavender Panna Cotta and the Sfogiatelle. We very impressed the presentation and quality of all three of these desserts.  We also had cappuccino, which was also quote good.

Gran Cafe L'Aquila is a really nice spot in center city and I would definitely come back for dinner or lunch.
