Once again, I'm amazed that I managed to not review a place that I go to at least once every other week.

What can be said about Greek Lady that you don't already know? Probably not a whole lot, but whatever. 

In my experiences with various delis, flat top shops, and street meat purveyors, Greek lady really does do a gyro right. They fill up a warm pita with more meat than you likely thought you could, top it with fresh lettuce, tomato, red onion, fries, and tzatziki that's on the creamier (ie more delicious) side. I either go for the lamb or the house special, which I believe is pork. It's not as juicy as the lamb but makes up for it with spices galore. You can also ask for a mix of the two. 

That's not all though - try their sides! I tend to go with broccoli and lemon roasted potatoes, but pretty much everything is good. If I'm feeling heart-attacky, I'll order up some cheese fries. They're quite bacony.

All-in-all, delicious.

Pro-tip: Everything here is HUGE. Be prepared to have to take out your left-overs. Sharing is not frowned upon.
tl;dr Penn's quintessential college fast-casual, offering up reliable food for an affordable price

Let me cut to the chase -- Greek Lady is not a restaurant that you should go out of your way to try out. But its consistency is where it shines: the food is cheap and consistently just-above-average. Greek Lady fills a niche on Penn's campus for Americanized multicultural cuisine. Walking in, you are greeted by faux brick and mini-columns, about as authentic as Greek Lady's cuisine. Two-person tables are scattered around the dining area toward the left of the entrance, while a few four-seater tables are pressed along the wall. Additionally, there are several outside tables that end up being as enjoyable as the weather.

During peak hours, the line can get to around 15 minutes and tables can fill up with students and neighborhood residents alike, but you can call ahead of time for takeout. Moreover, Greek Lady offers delivery anywhere around the University City bubble for a cheap flat rate. If you dine in, then grab a number after your order and scope out a table. Staff members are continually making rounds of the dining area, dropping off platters or bussing tables. Service is always friendly, but wait times for the food can vary substantially from 5 minutes to nearly half an hour.

By far, the best thing to get on the menu is the Chicken Platter -- it comes with a huge serving of chicken (plenty to last over 2 meals), along with pita, two sides (I usually get the Greek salad and curly fries), and a dipping sauce (I opt for the tzatziki), for just under $10. The chicken is cooked well, but it always comes completely unseasoned, so expect to eat it with your dipping sauce or a different condiment. The pita is served warm in tin foil, but rather soggy as if it's just been reheated. The Greek salad is always fresh and comes with a hefty dollop of feta. It can sometimes be overly drenched in the oil and vinegar, so I typically ask for dressing on the side. The fries are almost definitely the same frozen ones that you can buy at any store, but are actually fried and have a nice crisp. Again, if this food appraisal seems pretty lackluster, it's because the food, like the restaurant as a whole, is just barely better than average -- the big portion-size and proximity to Penn's campus are the two real draws.
Greek Food.  Fast Food.  A little slice of the motherland, served up fast and greasy.  Mmm-mm.

I go here when I'm craving a gyro.  YOU should go here if you're having trouble sleeping, as I've found that consumption of their food makes me want a nap harder than I've ever wanted one in my life.  Maybe it's the french fries inside the gyro that push me over the soporific edge...
Okay, Greek Lady, you're a little expensive, but this is the best, most authentic greek food you'll get in the area with take-out speed and not exorbitant costs.

Authenticity: The first time I got a gyro from greek lady and they put fries on it, I thought "that's weird." Apparently, though, in Greece, gyropitas are indeed served with the thick fries IN the pita. Lesson learned, thanks to my correspondent in Greece right now. Secondly, I took a glance at their stack of mail while standing at the counter. The name was something like Dimitri Dionopoulous. Check! Finally, have you seen that blonde woman at the assembly line??? And heard her talk??? I'm pretty sure her name is Maria, which just about does it. BAM. HELLO. 
Okay, so none of those things really vouch for authenticity very much, I just wanted to rant about them.

The food comes in large quantities, especially if you order in versus take out.... you will be stuffed. The spanikopita is HUGE, perfect for two people sharing a side, and I go the feta and hummus and combined them? It's was FANTASTIC. Perfect on the warm pita, and perfectly filling. The gyropita are much better when  you order them in, just humongous and difficult to finish if you have an average stomach. The lamb is divine.

There's a really big platter I want to try there, probably called like the Meze or something... and it's also difficult to finish when shared, as my neighboring table offered.

The hummus is especially sesame, which I found delicious, and the sweet of the hummus complimented the feta well. The spanikopita is especially rich and flavorful, one of the better spanikopita I've ever had, and it's good as a cold leftover, too. The service is relatively quick, but there are very long lines at lunch time.

Oh, and if you don't plan on eating dessert, DO NOT LOOK AT THE DESSERT FRIDGE. It's terribly tempting, holy crap.

Also, their lemon potatoes are ah-mazing, which correlates strongly with lemon sauces used in Greek cooking... I ate one to figure out what it was when I got it as a side, and I couldn't stop eating them. I completely finished the side before even touching the gyropita.

Greek salad? YES PLEASE.

So, meals are just around 10 dollars, depending on if you just get a sandwich, or if you get sides and a drink, too. If you get extras, it gets a little pricier, but it's otherwise an acceptable lunch price-range.
You can haz cheezburga heah....and lam giro an moussaka (kindza like greek lasagnas) & greek salat. I onli eatz giros an greek salats and moussaka heah. Moussakas iz slow. If I getz the plattah, I likez TWO geek salats. Grilt chickin salats is gooood and biig tooo. Itz cheap, tasteh, and theyz open late on weekendz.

Brekfast samidges be betterz at the food truckz.

They yellz your name really lowd heah. It hurtz my eahs.
Got delivery last night. Noticed that my dessert was moldy when it was already too late. When I let them know when they opened this morning, they said they won't give a refund but might consider it if I bring the dessert to the restaurant to show them the mold.  Luckily, like most people, I vacuum seal all of my rotten food and save it to put display on my mantel, right next to my gilded piles of garbage.

Seriously though. Moldy apple crumble, no refund, no apology. I'm lucky I noticed it before I got food poisoning.
Never again.

I've probably had Greek Lady 100 times due to the amount of Penn events it caters, but I don't know why I keep eating in store.

The cons: food takes forever and is unevenly served. My table of four didn't get our food until about 25-30 minutes after ordering and the four dishes were served over the span of 15 minutes instead of all at once. My omelet was just okay, and the potatoes and toast were cold. I could've spent $2 per person at the grocery store and threw something even tastier and quicker than they did. I'll eat their gyros at events, but probably won't be stopping by again for purchase anything.
Greek Lady occupies the eateries and shops on Penn row on 40th street between Locust and Walnut. Usually I avoid that area for food because I'm never in that much of a rush to eat. For a fast food type restaurant, it is one of the better with many selections. And it's hard to mess up Greek food. It's inherently delicious. 

The atmosphere is what you'd expect from a bustling lunch crowd. Snappy service, service to your table via numbers, and bus your own refuse. I went there for lunch with a friend, who was on her lunch break. I suppose I might go back and it fits the bill for what is says it delivers. The food is good and it's good when you are in a hurry.
Greek Lady - I used to enjoy going to Greek Lady. The delivery drivers, most of whom are North Africans, were always fun to converse with and they were always very polite and respectful. After my wife moved here in January we had frequented the spot as it was always decent food. And the portions were huge. But all that changed...

We had ordered a salad and a souvlaki - simple fair for this establishment, but the salad was just downright horrible. The oil tasted as if it had gone rancid - a possibility if they keep it out and near the hot stove. When I brought this to the attention of the manager, he chose to inform me that, "maybe you're just not used to how it tastes." I rebutted that we eat here frequently and know what it should taste like. His final reply was to shrug his shoulders.

So my wife and I shrugged ours, vowing to never return, and telling as many people as we know that Greek Lady doesn't care about the satisfaction of its customers.

Or maybe they just don't know how their salads should taste...
I ain't no Greek, but I've been several times to Greek lady. And what's better than cooking great greek food? Eating great greek food.

Greek Lady at-a-glance:
- Generous portions.
- Quick-service.
- Reasonable prices.
- Greek Appetizer Sampler. Tasty and enough for two.
- Delicious grilled salmon.
- Flavorful chicken gyro, on homemade fresh, warm pita from the oven, with tsatziki sauce, lettuce tomatoes, onions, and french fries. French fries? Think weird? it's not always so!

Last word:
Me: .... , and one sweet Greek coffee, please?
Cashier: We don't have Greek coffee! 
Me: You don't have Greek coffee in your Greek restaurant?!!
Cashier: Sorry miss. All we have is Nescafé.
ME: Say whattttttttt.

Four solid Yelps.
The greek lady was a huge disappointment as soon as I received my plate of food.  However, the food is made relatively quickly and it's cheap, but it lacks in quality and definitely shows in the food.

First of all, the employees seem to all hate their jobs.  It was a highly unpleasant environment to eat in, that  I contemplated packing my food and just eating in the car.  Second of all, the greek food is americanized.   This is hardly greek food, and any semblance of greek food is just that they serve rice and gyro.  The potatoes are horrible and not seasoned well, and so is everything else on the plate/

Maybe I'm a bit picky about Greek food because I have grown up with a great authentic restaurant near my hometown, but The greek lady is definitely not a place I recommend to anyone.
I'm quite annoyed with my experience at this establishment. My partner and I were craving Greek food,which he suggested we come here. I despise the taste of onion. Don't want want to smell them or have onions near me... I especially don't want them on my food. I ordered my gyro without onion. I watched a man fix multiple gyros and saw that he put onions on all of the orders.  I got slightly nervous thinking one of these would end up mine.  My boyfriend told me not to worry that it wasn't ours. Funny enough... I saw the man double check the tickets and he took a glob of the onions off a gyro.  I knew this one was mine.. I just knew it. He continued to try to pick them off and then slapped some more tsazikiti sauce on the gyro. Then I saw that he prepped the gyro to eat at the restraint (which we ordered ours to-go)... it sat on the counter for a while and then another worker told the line cook that it needed to be wrapped up because it was a gyro to-go. I was furious... not only did I see my food prepared incorrectly, I also saw it chilling on the counter forever because it wasn't packaged correctly. 

We finally get our food. We left the place to eat outside. My first bite into the gyro, I get a nice bite of onion.  I immediately threw it away. Thanks for jacking up my order.
This place is a University of Pennsylvania staple, which means that it's perfectly situated just slightly off-campus enough to make it cool, and still on-campus enough that white girls aren't scared to go here for a late night gyro when they're wasted.  

Everything here tastes fine and is reasonably priced, but keep in mind that portions are super-sized.  This place is all about eating like a man - one and a half lbs of greasy hot processed lamb will put some hair on your tits.  And everything on the menu has meat on it, even the meat.

Last thing to note: the people that work here hate you.  Not you,  personally; their hate is empirical, if that's any comfort.  After too many years of working in the late-night food-service industry and serving uppity, unthankful college kids, all the people who work here have developed this universal contempt for anyone younger than 30.  It will throw you off the first few times you go here (freshmen), but here's a tip: be sure to SPEAK UP and don't break eye contact with the person taking your order, especially if it's a medium-sized hispanic woman with the dead eyes.  You have to assert your dominance over the situation, or else that  Medusa will run roughshod all over your bitch ass.
Food is really great, service isn't. I've been put on hold for ten minutes and then disconnected...at 8:30pm. 


You've lost my service Greek lady, I'll miss your great salads.
I would cite one of the top 5 best food values in the city to be the Greek Lady salad. It's  freaking huge and heavy, like you have to pass it back and forth between hands while carrying it back home so that one arm doesn't get more developed than the other heavy. It's basically a half a farm's worth of lettuce topped with all of the chickens that live in the hen house (grilled), with a bunch of boiled eggs (presumably from said, now-grilled chickens from hen house), a brick of feta cheese, and a grove of olives. All of this for $9. 

I also recommend any of the hoagies here (which are also leviathans in their own right), and of course any of the greek specialities. 

But seriously: try the salad.
It's unfortunate that Greek Lady delivery experiences are so aweful, because their food is really good. They are listed on GrubHub as "delivery."  The problem is, they don't actually deliver. The driver rudely calls and says "I'm downstairs," but what he meant to say was, "I'm in a car on my way I don't want to wait to deliver YOUR food so even though I'm 7 minutes away leave your apartment and come outside to my car window so I can hand you the food that you ordered to be DELIVERED."  When I ask the driver to physically deliver the food to my apartment,  he rudely says "oh no we don't come upstairs," and hangs up the phone. If you have small children, are disabled, or unable to leave your home for any reason- they don't care at all. They even refused to leave my food on one occasion because I was paying cash and the delivery driver refused to deliver to my apartment! They have said to me before, you can call the restaurant if you have a problem and again, hung up the phone. There was one occasion I was home alone with a small
Child, sleeping, and couldn't leave the apartment. That is the purpose of delivery, if I could have
Left the apartment then why would I have ordered DELIVERY! The drivers always have an excuse that they can't find parking, or cannot leave their car. Um, there is a loading zone right at my building that is ALWAYS empty and available for 30 minutes- so, that excuse is just ridiculous.  The times I could leave my apt., I have gone downstairs to meet the drivers, only to be waiting in the freezing cold and looking like a lost puppy trying to find them.  I'm a big tipper, especially when the weather sucks and the fact that they are delivering from Penn's campus all the way into Rittenhouse- but what's the purpose of tipping if they are so rude and refuse to deliver. Problem is, I'm so used to automatically tipping on grubhub that I have continued to do it anyway, only to be treated as if I'M THE PROBLEM, or working for the delivery driver. Grub hub was excellent in offering me a refund for the order, but, I did have to talk to 4 different people finally just asking to speak with a manager. I will NEVER order from GREEK LADY again, which is a shame because it was a staple for me at least 2x/week. Even if the food is good, the rudeness of the delivery and the refusal is just not worth the taste! They clearly are terrible when it comes to customer service.
Nice place in University City for Greek. Good metered parking outside that I've always been able to find a spot. Plenty of seating area inside and a few tables outside but very packed at lunch-time with college kids. 

More service orientated than the competition around the corner with the food being bussed out to the tables (corner bakery style) but one odd thing - the counter staff tend to be local college kids and can be a little bit surly occaisonally standing around checking cellphones, I don't like it because sometimes you can stand around waiting for your food with no idea that its ready or not and no desire to ask questions.

Selection is a lot wider than than the normal joint with pastry's etc.

Had the gyro platter with fries and a veggie sandwich. Good sized solid portions, slightly above average gyro but the veggie sandwich was actually a feta-cheese sandwich with salad - its not really veg its cheese and salad. 

Note that the gyro here comes with the fries inside. The meat is packed in and its OK, not the top level German/Turkish Gyro you can get in NYC ...  but OK for Philly. Price is very good as would be expected for a joint pitching at University City.

Deducted half a point for the surly service and one point for lack of veggie options. They need to add Falafel or some real veggie options on their menu. The "veggie sandwich" indeed doesn't have meat and is heavy on high quality feta, but if you pay for veg, in my view, you should get veg. They need to have some solid non-meat options like falafel or grilled veg (until then my recomendations to veggies who don't like fata is to go to Hummus Grill).

Probably a 3.5 frankly, but Yelp won't let me do that, so I left it at 3.
Tried this place again after the expansion project was complete. Still underwhelmed. The space is nice but the food was still mediocre. This time the chicken souvlaki wasn't as good as the last time. The chicken seemed older and there wasn't any of that juicyness and flavor I tasted before. 

The roasted red pepper was ok, if a bit mushy.  The greek salad was better, with fresher vegetables than last time and at least they were cut completely this time.

The fries were a little better than last time, ie no blackened/bad spots. However the fries still didn't taste that great.

Just another fast food Greek place next to a college campus.
Not much love for Greek lady on Yelp! I'm surprised. 

It's possible I could just be partial to Greek Lady because it reminds me of my days as a Penn undergrad, but I actually find this place to be better than many of its competitors in the area. Let's be real, it's no Kanella, but this is Greek fast food we're talking about. Within the cheap and casual realm, Greek Lady can definitely hold its own. 

The vegetarian gyros are so good, my college roommates and I once ordered them 4 days in a row during finals week (hellooooo freshman 15)! Their pita bread is incredibly soft and delicious and I'm pretty sure their tzatziki sauce has crack in it, because I cannot find any other logical reason why I would keep going back for bite after bite even when I am full to the bursting point. 

Greek lady also gets 5/5 for value because their 8$ Greek salad is easily two meals in one and their veggie platters give you a choice of an entree, two sides, and a soup or salad for 7.60. That is a crazy amount of food for under 10$.

The one thing I will say is that sometimes the quality of their food suffers if you get delivery. They're not the fastest with delivery, and that means that sometimes the food is not quite as hot as it should be by the time it arrives at your door. Picking up your item or dining in is typically a better option.
Pros: the servings are large, and there's lots of seating, so it's a good place to go with a group. Unfortunately, these are the only good things I have to say about Greek Lady.

The service is horrible - out of the four people in my group, only one received the correct order. We had to repeatedly return to the counter to ask for the rest of our orders. The waitress also delivered someone else's order to our table (twice!) and quickly walked off, making us run after her to let her know she left someone else's order.

The food isn't redeeming either: my Greek salad was iceberg lettuce, a whole five unpitted olives, and...a hard boiled egg that looked like it was sitting out all day? The fries looked good, but were soggy. The "vegetarian gyro" was just filled with lettuce and french fries. Most entrees are around $10, and while it comes with a lot, the quality is worth much less. Save your money and try one of the many other actually good restaurants in u city.
I am giving this five stars but I think the service is slow. I've had to wait a while for some of my dishes and the whole pick up system seems a bit hectic.

I used to come here for their gyros only, and I thought the food was alright. Maybe 3 stars. I think the biggest problem is that it's large and the meat gets a bit dry, but that might just be what gyros are like.

However, the reason I'm giving this 5 stars is because the chicken tenders are amazing, but the fries are even better. The chicken tenders are really crispy and go perfectly with their honey mustard, which is kind of sweet and less tangy. The fries are very deep fried, and are super crispy. They remind me of really good cafeteria fries. They go soggy after a while like all fries do, so eat them fast. There is a lot of food too, and their chicken tender platter is actually pretty cheap.
There is nothing Greek about this place.  To be fair, I had some pretty kick-ass Greek foods.  Yes, that includes Gyros.  I would give this place 2 stars, but I got grilled chicken kabob which is essentially impossible to screw up, BUT it could be more flavorful (i.e. marinate it with lemon, oregano, olive oil like real Greeks).

They're green beans was one of the foulest things I've seen.  It looks like cellulose that's been processed and pooped out... all dark and squishy and yuck and etc etc etc.   Lemon potatoes?  Sounded kinda good but NOPE.  Lemon soup aka avgolemono?  Two thumbs down.  Don't get me started on the gyro. 

Just because you have fries-stuffed gyro you can't name your joint anything Greeky.  That's just pure deception.  Only things marginally Greek about this place is their gyros (which were subpar) and spanikopita which they probably bought frozen at Trader Joe's and heated it up.  Gyro - I felt like I was eating a crappy burrito with mushy fries in it.  Not to mention, the staff are morons.  Cheers to idiocy.
Got a salad here some years back, but I haven't been here in a while. The food is still pretty good and prices are average. What sucks is the service. First when I called to place the order the guy was rushing me off the phone. I asked about the types of dressings they had and he said that there were too many to name (once I get here they're only 8 dressings which is average, but not too many to name). He seemed irritated as if he didn't feel like being bothered with questions which I only had that one. 
Once I get her. I asking the female cashier about beverages and she just starts blurting out the total of my order. So I say excuse me and she does it again, at which point I ask her what's she talking about and she says the total. To which I respond how about answering my beverage question since I would like to purchase one. 
I'm not sure who's in charge here, but they need to train their staff on excellent customer service skills. 
As a business owner my staff would NEVER act this way and expect to keep their job.
Ive been a fan of The Greek Lady since it was a lunch cart. 

The chicken salad, in your choice of format (hoagie, wrap, whatever) is amazing, and most of the other things I have tried are pretty good too. 

As mentioned here the restaurant space can be loud and get a little messy when its going full swing, but if like me you arent in sync with the college kid schedule its a great spot to stop for a relatively peaceful late lunch or early dinner. 

Oddly enough I have been disappointed on the rare occasions I actually order something Greek, but the rest of the menu is more than enough to keep me coming back.
I haven't been to Greek Lady in a while, but made a trip back recently since I was in the area. My old favorite- the lamb gyro (with fries inside!) - is still delicious and filling. The fruit salad is fresh and is a great-sized portion, as well.

There is plenty of seating, including outdoors, and their menu is pretty big. Service is a little slow and disorganized, and most of the staff seem miserable with a permanent scowl. Regardless, the food is worth it every time!
It was one week ago that I visited the city of Philadelphia.  I had wanted to get a cheesesteak and due to wet and rainy weather, this was the closest place I could get to (I wasn't in the mood to go traipsing in the rain to Pat's or Geno's).  The cheesesteak I got was all right.  You could do a lot worse.

The service though was BEYOND awful.  When I asked for a cheesesteak, the waitress looked at me funny and said "no, you don't want that.  You want a gyro."  I almost walked right out of the place had the other guy at the counter not begged me to leave.  As I was waiting, the rude waitress once more told me that I should get a gyro.  When I go into a restaurant to eat, I usually know what I want ahead of time or I make up my mind after reading the menu.  If I'm unsure of what's what or what is good there, I'll ask.  But I considered it extremely rude for a waiter/waitress to tell me what to get.  In conclusion, avoid Greek Lady at all costs unless you want to deal with smarmy waiters.
Greek Lady is what it is, a former food truck turned restaurant that offers quick, fresh foods at reasonable prices.  A step up from fast food, Greek Lady is not, nor is it trying to be, a high end restaurant with fancy food offerings that will make you wait for a seat or your food.  With that said...

I had the lamb gyro.  I'll admit, I was taken by surprise by the fries (included IN the gyro), but otherwise enjoyed it.  Our food arrived less than ten minutes after we ordered, the table we chose was clean, and we weren't rush out when we finished.  Sounds like four stars to me!
Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth: I'm sorry, Fry, but anchovies went extinct in the 2200s. 
Fry: Wha? 
Fry: So, none of you have ever had anchovies? Oh, man! You don't know what you're missing. They were salty and oily and melted in your mouth... 
Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth: Oh, my, yes. Fished out of existence... just about the time your people arrived on Earth, Dr. Zoidberg. 
Dr. Zoidberg: I'm not on trial here. *

My anchovy habit is one of those it's kind of a closeted addictions that I don't really want to publicize.  So when a coworker first turned me on to Greek Lady about a year ago, I was thrilled: Salty, oily, (ok so kind of hairy) little fishies delivered to my door?  Hooray!  

Love the Greek salad with anchovies and grape leaves.   The dolmas are not as good as some other places, but for the price, the size and all that creamy crumbly feta, as well as everyone's favorite stinky canned  fish.... Solid.

I actually have found the customer service for delivery to be outstanding and the on-line ordering interface is straightforward.  No complaints, though I can't comment on the on-site dining experience at all.

I was all set to award 4 stars, but today's salad came with some rusty bits and wimpy tomatoes.    Nothing I'd call inedible, but more battle scarred than I'd prefer. Now granted,  a good tomato in January is hard to find, but these looked like they were significantly past their prime.  

*Thanks to Matt Goenig.   Don't sue me,  OK?
College-y loud and kinda disorganized, it might take you a while to get your food if you go wait for it.  Good for take out or delivery, though, and...they are open really late on the weekends.  There aren't that many veggie options but i usually go for Hummos and Grapeleaves which is totally decent and enough for 2 people.  The Tatziki that comes with the grapeleaves is yummalicious.
Average food for reasonable prices. This is basically a Penn college student staple. The gyros are decent and stuffed with french fries. I came here a few times for "brunch." Brunch really isn't that good...omelettes are dry and not fluffy. Potatoes are usually overcooked and flavorless. You basically need to load up on ketchup, salt, and pepper. Actually now that I think about it, most of the food items err on the dry side. 

Only plusses are fast service (except for brunch on Sat/Sun) and close location to campus.
Food trucks have better service!

Great food but poor service. 2 stars because around these parts you can great food but with much much better service. Do not recommend unless you just need a quick meal. Highly recommend other places, food trucks have better service than this place! They don't even have common courtesy to say thank you or have a wonderful day. It's just business for this restaurant!
I went in here for lunch today with high hopes. Another Greek place, and in West Philly? Sounds great.  Sadly, I was underwhelmed.

I ordered a chicken souvlaki platter with fries and a Greek salad. The cashier was nice and rang up my order promptly after some law student cut in front of me. I sat around and waited for my order sippin soda and checking e-mail on my phone. People came in, picked up takeout orders. I checked Google Finance, no order. A dish that vaguely resembled chicken came out and I asked if that was my Chicken souvlaki, and they said no. The cashier then took the plate and sat down with her b/f or co-worker. Still waiting. Reading the takeout menu. Watching the paint dry. Finally, my order is up.

The fries were the first thing I noticed, since at least two of them had blackened ends. At first I thought they were burnt, but then I realized that the manufacturer cut some bad potatoes and left it in. Those ends got the heave ho. The fries were stale/old tasting and definitely were frozen. And not even good frozen fries, sadly. The salad was a mound of lettuce(including the heart) with some feta cheese chunks, onion slices, tomatoes and cucumbers on top. The cucumbers were old and several "slices" were big chunks where 2 or 3 slices that hadn't been sliced all the way through were. The cucumbers were also old and mushy. There was ONE, count it, ONE kalamata olive. At least there was a fair number of tomato slices. I ate the green/red vegetables and left the half a head of lettuce in the bowl.

The chicken souvlaki was actually pretty decent. The chicken itself had some flavor and tasted like it had been grilled. It was moist/juicy and delicious. Sadly the meat  was almost drowned out by the Mad Lettuce Man and Oversauce man. The Tzatziki sauce was ok, but I've had better. And a little less would have made it a lot less messy. Oh yeah and I had two fries in my souvlaki that had bad black spots on them, which negated the "novelty" of having fries in your souvlaki. The pita bread however was very fresh and moist.

Maybe I'll give this place another chance. Man, how hard is it to find a good Greek place in Philly?
Greek Lady is a real hit or miss for me. It's slightly pricier than other potential options, but usually gives you what you expect. 

The hits: 

The Salads- Huge portions of lettuce and meat. It'll definitely fill you up. I generally prefer ordering the plain Caeser salad and adding the meats/other vegetables on top of it, I find it cheaper than ordering the Greek Lady Salad outright. 

Gyros- Hefty gyros filled with fries and great tzatziki sauce. Fairly standard. Great if you're graving their delicious lamb. However, you'll get a bit more food at Chipotle for the same price. 

The misses:

Brunch- Nope nope nope. I keep ending up at Greek Lady for brunch on behalf of others, but each time I find myself wishing I had just made my own. First off, the individual entrees came out at different intervals. Next, portions are fairly small and of low quality. The sausages and pancakes remind me of what I'd get from frozen packets. Also, last time I went my friend ordered a sausage egg and cheese. What he got was a foot long hoagie, egg, cheese and four tiny (think frozen) sausage links. 

The Sides- The platter is admittingly a hefty amount of food for a cheap price. The gyro can be expected to be good, but most everything else is tasteless. They almost always fail to include gravy with their bland mashed potatoes. Any sort of vegetables you order on the side come out tasting like they were just boiled for a couple minutes. 

Desserts- Overpriced and stale. 

TLDR: Go to Greek Lady if you have a craving for a lamb gyro or a salad. Don't go for anything else.
I've tried a few pita sandwiches here: 
- the gyro with dried up meat pieces
- the veggie one, which includes soggy french fries

They are edible but the ingredients aren't great. Seems like mostly bread and fat, with little else.
Probably one of the worst places to order food from. I have eaten in the restaurant and had delivery (which never arrived). A few things to note:
1. The food is mediocre at best - and to top it off leaves you with an upset stomach.
2. They mixed up my order through grubhub and I did not receive my food despite being charged.
3. The staff are extremely rude - the manager hung up on me when I asked for my money back

Dont eat at this place, there are far better (and healthier) places in Philly. I would give it zero if I could
It's so-so.  It's odd ordering and taking a big number to sit on my table.

The gyro plate is average.  The meat was what you would expect fast food style.

It's pretty reasonably priced, but the staff is sort of in their own world.
Although that food is great, the service is HORRIBLE. Today i ordered a the grilled chicken Cesar salad when my delivery came, turned out to be a hoagie. When i called i didn't get any apology but the girl who answered stated my salad was free and that they was going to fix it. Who wouldn't want a free salad but i still was to upset accept the offer. the "manager" eventually got on the phone and tired to argue with me saying things like "we've been here 30 years, what do you like we're going to do to with your salad".....like excuse!? who does she think she is, that was so unprofessional. I just kindly hung up her.

5 min later i received call form the delivery guy stating that he was here with my order, when i got there my order was NOT free as promised but $5 ore than want my order was on the menu. OH REALLY THEY ARE NOT GETTING ANY OF MY BUSINESS!!!!!!!!!

Signed,
A very hungry lady who still didnt have any lunch today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome lunch place on Penn campus.  Any of the salads are huge and phenomenal.  The gyros are also great - they add french fries to the gyro -  yummy.  

The place tends to get crowded during lunch.
Today i had the lamb gyro and it was great!! The ingredients were fresh and they dont skimp on meat or tzatziki sauce.  The fries that are in the gyro were a welcome surprise.  This will be my new gyro spot :)
i've been eating this kind of food for as long as i can remember.  Toledo, my home town, is swarming with greek restaurants. so it's in my blood...probably literally....grease (and Greece) stays with you.  (stop the pun madness!)

anyway, i haven't had anything but the lamb gyro, but why bother ordering anything else?  it IS the GREEK lady.  the tzatziki sauce (which makes a good gyro) is pretty good, although they could put more on it.  they also use soft greek pita, which is always the better choice in gyro sandwichery business.  and before you order one with a side of fries, you must know that they put fries IN the sandwich!  IN!!!!! but i'll take mine with a side of fries, please.
A stable go-to place on campus!

I usually get four different things here:

Lamb gyro platter - absolutely delicious. It also comes with two sides or a small salad I believe. 

Greek lady salad - definitely not the girly salad one gets across the block at Sweetgreen; this salad weighs several pounds and has a decent mix of meat and cheese! 

Milk shake - flat out delicious; definitely on the pricier side but who cares when you're feeling like crap after a midterm and this is the first thing on your mind! 

Mint lemonade tea - a recent discovery; after eating all that greasy food, you might as well fill the rest of the pockets of air in your stomach with this refreshing beverage, and it's pre-made so grab it on the go!

On another note, I'm a bit sad that they don't offer fresh Greek yogurt!!! Maybe one day they will, and I'll add another star to this review then!

Service and ambiance are great too. Food is served on a single platter so not much service is required here. The restaurant itself feels like a typical diner, so it's a good place for a casual dinner with friends
This review is for the service. I've ordered delivery several times, but the staff working the phones are becoming increasingly rude to the point that I start wondering whether the food is really worth the unpleasantness. This seems to be one of those establishments that the more you order, the worse they treat you. Instead of thanking you for frequenting the restaurant, they seem to think they are doing something wrong (being too inexpensive, etc.) that you begin to return. It's really unfortunate.
YOOO!!!! they put fries in my GYRO! And I loved it. I loved their Hummus platter too. Good for a quick greek bite. Its always crowded, but if you go in the summer you can just sit outside or across the street.
Greek Lady has a HUGE menu, but sometimes the wait can be a bit long for take-out.  All I wanted when I stopped in was an order of stuffed grape leaves, which came with a side of pita and tzatziki sauce, which I realized got all over the container once I opened it.  Tzatziki is a bit too sour for my taste, but the grape leaves were good, as was the pita.  I'm willing to come in again and try their other selections!
This is my first and last bad experience with Greek Lady. I have ordered from there numerous times and the food is delicious but today I experienced customer service that was less than satisfying. I ordered a Greek Lady Salad, lamb gyro, and a Chicken Caesar Salad w/ feta and an extra dressing. My Caesar salad did not have feta cheese. I called back to let them know and the person that answered proceeds to tell me that I wasn't charged for it. I have the receipt and was clearly charged for it but he tells me he can't do anything for me since I ordered online besides a comp feta cheese TO BE GIVEN WITH MY NEXT ORDER. Like huh? Also tells me the prices on the website are incorrect. With all due respect, that has nothing to do with me. I paid the prices that are listed on their website. Then says, "I hope you're satisfied" I replied "no not really, bye" I feel like they should have either offered to bring my feta cheese (which if they had done that, I would have told them no that's ok and would have truly appreciated their willingness to rectify the situation) or offered me a comp salad. Not comp feta. Who's to say I will order again or if what I order goes well with feta? Ugh so disappointing... Sorry but I can't give my money to a place with mediocre customer service.
Great lamb gyro platters! (I get them every time I go - I got about once a month) The lamb gyro itself has lettuce, tomato, tzaziki sauce,  the lamb (doh!), fries, and pita. Great combination. 

On Saturday my family got three lamb gyro platters with all different sides including:
string beans, broccoli, lemon potatoes, salad, and fries. 

From that I was able to judge and compare which were the best. Hands down: string beans and lemon potatoes FTW! The string beans are made with a tomato-type sauce - they aren't the prettiest food, but they are very good. 

One huge platter to feed two people comes to about $9. Not bad at all for real food.
Lamb gyros and greek lady salad with chicken are amazing. Plates are really huge but great for all those hung over jocks. Call ahead on weekends to pick up your food, it can get really crowded.
I'm a little torn with this review. One on hand, I feel like I could give them a 4/5 for the value of their food (quantity for price), but on the other hand, I sometimes feel more like the quality of the food is good, but not spectacular. But hey, what do you expect for a relatively cheap greek diner off Penn's campus? 

And maybe it's not fair. I grew up in Tampa, and my family would drive out to Tarpon Springs on the weekends just to get Gyros and walk along the sponge docks. So I learned early on not only how to pronounce Gyros (Yee-rows), but how they should taste.

However, does that keep me from coming back here not infrequently for their massive chicken caesar salad, or when I'm having a craving for gyros? No. But I find that it's mostly out of convenience because we only live a couple blocks away.
I haven't been in a while but I went last night to get a chicken cheesesteak for me and cheesesteak for my daughter. She loved it. She ate majority of the entire cheesesteak and I was impressed because she's so little lol and it was a nice size steak. I on the other hand ate half of my food and saved the other half for later. But it was good.
Enormous (seriously- two meals worth!) salads at extremely reasonable prices with fresh ingredients! We've ordered multiple times during covid for delivery because it is always fast and fresh. Great place!
I came to Greek Lady for the first time about 7 years ago on a random summer weekend with my cousins, and I was blown away by how delicious my veggie gyro was - probably because they are one of the only places that puts fries in their gyros. 

Fast forward to present day, I came here a few days ago on a Sunday. I forgot that school was still in session, and came to realize it real quick when this place was flooded with college students eating breakfast at 12 PM. One group of college students were celebrating someone's 20th birthday here, so I got an age check thanks to them. Anyways, I ordered a vegetarian gyro and my BF got a lamb gyro. While the vegetarian gyro had most of the ingredients I wanted - lettuce, onion, tzatiki, fries, and feta - it didn't live up to my expectations. The pita was overstuffed to the point I had to take mini bites instead of wholesome bites. There were no tomatoes and no kalamata olives (!!!). A greek gyro without greek olives? How dare they?! My BF enjoyed his gyro, but neither of us finished our gyros so did he really like it? No one will ever know...

All in all, I've had so much better elsewhere and will not be returning to Greek Lady in the future.
I would probably give Greek Lady four stars, if not for the slow service and inconsistent food.

I used to stop by Greek Lady decently often, but I stopped coming back after a few mediocre gyros--especially one time when I brought my visiting parents here. I recently tried it again, and the food seemed much better than before. The salads are humongous and consistent, but I'm not really a salad person, so I usually go for the chicken gyros. Sometimes the chicken is hot and succulent, and sometimes the chicken is cold and dry. The fries and vegetables stuffed inside the gyro make it pretty delicious (and this is coming from a picky person!). Furthermore, I've had nice lemon roasted potatoes and then overly salty ones. Overall, the portions are pretty large, and the prices are decent.

Beyond that, my biggest complaint is with the snail-paced service at Greek Lady. The cashier lines are generally reasonable. But when it comes to food preparation, I often wait at least 10-15 minutes for takeout here, and even longer when I eat in. They usually have a lot of customers (it's much nicer when they have outdoor seating, but otherwise it's pretty packed), but they also have a lot of kitchen help, so I don't understand why it takes so long... especially when the food sometimes comes out cold! Definitely set aside more time than you would expect when eating here. It'll be a hit or miss experience, but when it's good--it's great!
Greek Lady's Gyros are good and their baklava will blow away your expectations.

These are the only two things you need to know about Greek Lady.  

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this restaurant is The Fifth Element.
Lamb gyros and french fries, french fries inside of your gyro! Sandwiches, platters, lemon potatoes! What's not to love?!

I've eaten in, ordered delivery as well as catering for a work event. I've never been disappointed by the delicious food and service from Greek Lady.

You can't go wrong with the ol' gyro full of meat, veggies, french fries and an equally satisfying amount of tzatziki sauce. They have everything under the Mediterranean sun and then some (hoagies, cheesesteaks, etc) so you've got plenty of choices. I love potatoes so while my gyro already comes with fries, I also like to order a side of lemon potatoes as well. 

Get your Greek fix here!
Ah yes, the well-known campus establishment known as Greek Lady. My first encounters with them were positive, but it's been all downhill from there.

I am constantly amazed to find Greek Lady's seats filled for lunch or dinner. While they do present a different kind of fare from a Chipotle or Qdoba, the quality is only decent and the service is inconsistent. Each of the last three times I have been there, I have had to wait upwards of 20 minutes for my food. With a place that offers takeout as an option, that is just inexcusable for the in-house patrons. The location is the greatest boon to this restaurant, but I'd much rather walk a few doors down to HipCityVeg or to any of the excellent food trucks right across the street.
Greek food meets American diner food at Greek Lady, a bustling restaurant that's become a staple of University City. Their best dish is undoubtedly the Gyro Sandwich, and I still remember being so surprised to find French fries IN the sandwich the first time I had it! There were three selection of gyro meats, each carved from a rotating spit: lamb, chicken, and the House Gyro, made with marinated layered pork. A chewy pita bread was spread with a layer of thick, creamy tzatziki, which provided the perfect contrast to the crispy gyro meat and the hearty fries, and the fresh veggies (lettuce, tomato, onion) topping it off provided a refreshing bite. The gyro sandwich platter also came with two sides (I had the roasted red pepper and the green beans stewed with tomatoes), as well as a Greek salad made of lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, green bell peppers, red onions, and oregano. I also got their appetizer sampler plate, which came with a selection of dips including a dry, grainy hummus, more tzatziki, four dolmas (stuffed grape leaves), and my favorite, the Feisty Feta Dip, made of briney feta mixed with herbs and beaten into a spreadable paste.
One word: tzatzki. They give you a great size serving if you order it as an appetizer. Honestly, it's the whole reason I go to the Greek Lady. The only downside is the staff. I always feel like they're annoyed by each patron. However, I do understand their clientele are mostly Penn/Drexel students & they're probably not the easiest customers.
I ate at the Greek lady twice before and had an ok experience. Today I decided to order take out breakfast, 2 omelettes & 2 coffees. The breakfast was ready when I got there & they gave me a large paper shopping bag w take out containers (even though it was pouring down rain). I started walking the 3 blocks back to my apartment when the paper bag burst open.  The only thing salvageable was the 2 coffees. So I kept the bag & receipt and called the restaurant when I got home. I told them what happened and asked if they could deliver the 2 omelettes to replace the ones laying all over the sidewalk. The girl taking the order asked how I was paying for the replacement omelettes. I told her she should cover the omelettes. She put me on the phone w the manager who insulted me and said it was my fault the containers fell out of the bag. I then asked to be refunded for the breakfast $15...and he said I was crazy. So basically I ended up paying $20 for 2 coffees & not getting the breakfast. I can say the Greek lady has the worst customer service ever & very ignorant when speaking with customers. Maybe the Greek lady should invest in plastic bags. Never going back here. I would give this place negative stars if I could.
I started eating at The Greek Lady a few years ago because it is near my best friends work and we sometimes meet there for lunch.

The Lamb Gyros are good quality, and the meat is properly prepared, although I am NOT a fan of french fries being added to my sandwiches, and always order mine without the added potato.  My only problem with the sandwich is that the Tsatsiki tastes like it's at least partially made from sour cream as opposed to fully being greek yoghurt.  It may not be, but that's the flavor.  The lettuce and tomato and onions always seem fresh, which is a huge plus.

One of the reasons I only give it three stars, is that there is nothing else on the menu I ever have any interest in ordering beyond the Lamb Gyro.  The other reason is that the music is so loud, I often can't even hear the cashier as I'm placing my order.

More on the positive side, the place is clean, especially the restroom, and the staff has always been nice to me.  The service is also quick, which is useful when you only have 45 total minutes for lunch.  One odd thing, at least to me, you don't bus your own tables.  I always feel embarassed, at a non-service establishment, having someone else throw out my trash.

All that said, any time I'm craving a Gyro, this is where you'll find me, and I definitely recommend that anyone else who has that particular hankering, join me.  :)
Honestly, the food here leaves much to be desired. They think they are adding much by putting french fries in the gyro sandwiches, but in my opinion, the soggy fries dont add anything and dont even distract from the aggressively mediocre meat that they use. Service is good, and the place is clean, but I was left feeling like I just ate a meal at the McDonalds of greek food. Pretty bland and uninspiring. I would not go back unless I had no other choice, or was dragged there by someone I wanted to make happy.
Greek Lady is one of the stock choices for delivery at work. Their lamb gyros are great and the pita chips are good munching during the night. We know that we can always rely on them for a cheap, quality, filling meal.
I used to eat here almost  every single day back in college, getting a Greek Lady salad with grilled chicken. It was a reliable staple. The feta cheese was fantastic, service friendly, and price right for the serving size (one salad was easily two meals).

I went back recently and was a bit disappointed. They've expanded the space, which I suppose is great for them but it seems to have lost a lot of charm. The salad didn't seem as fresh as I remember (although the feta was still yummy) and the pita bread was really stale. Maybe it was just an off day or maybe my memory is inaccurate, but I think the Lady has begun to let herself go.
I used to love Greek lady until they reopened from renovations. I don't know what it was after that but the place has just become ridiculously crowded, excessively noisy, and most definitely not for those looking to have have just a regular eating experience. Breakfast I would not recommend at all. Due to the crowd everything seems a bit rushed to the point where they made my sandwich incorrectly THREE times. I got so annoyed I just ate it, wrong order and all. Completely unacceptable. If you plan on going here and want to skip the raging undergrad crowd, just takeout. On the plus side their salads have large portions and I hear the gyros are highly recommeded. However, for me this place is no longer worth the time or effort it takes to dine in.
Getting really tired of them getting orders wrong, I try to be sympathetic here and there but it's a habit at Greek Lady that has be staying away.
Wow. This has been the worst Greek food I have ever had. I won't discuss their breakfast or other american choices, but as their main food and their name states...change it to just Lady. No no no flavor to any of their Greek food. Have done that culture and food a great misjustice. There are tooooooo many things wrong with all their food to go into it, so just trust me when I just say don't......don't eat there expecting a good gyro or souvlaki. It's a shame these students and local residents cant go a little further to the better Greek restaurants of Philly. Not a Greek atmosphere in terms of decor and music, but more of a family restaurant.
Everyone at work raves about this place. I had a lamb gyro and it was pretty good. The service was super fast which was surprising since it is usually packed during lunch time.
The recent renovations are really lovely and the expanded seating area is a very welcome addition. The restaurant feels much cleaner and brighter. I like that the order and pick-up areas are separate to keep customers flowing.

I enjoy their chicken gyro when I'm in the mood for "fast food". Something about the french fries inside just adds that extra, greasy, yet satisfying something. I may move on to trying other menu items at some point. I've gotten a peek at the salads ordered by other customers and they do look rather appealing. 

Greek Lady is also a good bet in a pinch when working a long shift at the hospital because they deliver fairly late and, chances are, the rest of the unit staff will want in on the order, too.
Update: Can't get yelp to post a response to you directly Demitri, but the most recent wrong order was this past Friday, December 18. Ordered through the website around 12:30, took until 1:45 for the order to be delivered. Everything was cold, the cheesesteak had lettuce, tomatoes, and onions (was ordered with nothing extra) and bacon cheeseburger with onions arrived as just a cheeseburger. Again, would have sent it back but by the time it arrived we were too hungry to bother. Happens almost every time.
Amazing grilled salmon. The pita bread is one of the best I have tried and the eggplant dip as well. Staff and place are very well organized.
I came here for the first time last night, before a movie at the Bridge. It's a typical college dining experience, but in place of pizza and burgers, you have gyros and moussaka (I think they have burgers too actually). I got the lamb gyro, which is as good as they come. No fuss no muss. Order your gyro, pay for your gyro, get and eat your gyro, roll out. Good stuff.
Okay, so it is not like Greek Lady has amazing food. But it is pretty good and you get good value for your money. If you are in the University City area and need a casual, affordable breakfast, Greek Lady is great.

My favorite dish is at Greek Lady is the Greek Omelet. It is an omelet with feta cheese, spinach, and tomatoes. All of the omelets come with home fries or fruit. I usually get the home fries. The fruit they give you is mostly melon-type fruit, which I don't really like. I also really like getting a gyro if I need a quick dinner. The best value on the menu for sure is the salads. They are HUGE. And that means something coming from me. 

Overall, definitely don't go more than a few blocks out of your way to come here. But it is really convenient and great if you are in the area.
This a a great place to get food when you are on the go. The only issue I have with this place is the customer service over the phone. Sometimes when I call, the person sounds like she has an attitude, which can be a real turn off.
Ugh, every time someone says "I LOVE Greek Lady," I admit I cringe on the inside and the outside.

A lot of people are obsessed with its Greekiness and its gyros galore but for vegetarians, I think the options are somewhat limited. When I've ordered the Veggie Gyro, it's turned out to be crammed with either: an entire block of feta (no, not yummy crumbles--big, fat square blocks) OR five dollops of Tzatziki sauce. I always end up scooping out the excessive servings of these two things and eat a "gyro" that is just a pita, lettuce, and tomato. Definitely not worth $5-6.

I went yesterday and ordered a spinach pita, trying to save what little mental appetite I have for Greek Lady. The first few pieces were good-ish. But then I realized the insides were cold and chunky and...not so good. It was better than a Veggie Gyro, but again, not my favorite.

The one thing Greek Lady has going for it, in my opinion, are its amazing pita chips with a serving of Tzatziki sauce. AMAZING. And a large quantity too. Mmm, I'm tempted to bump up to 3-stars just for these tasty little chips. Maybe next time.
There's a reason Greek Lady is right on top of Penn's campus -- this is the epitome of college food. They're open late and the portions are enormous, but the quality, flavor, and ambiance (even after the remodeling) are only so-so.  If you're looking for a charming restaurant with delicious Greek food, head to Kanella.  If decent, filling take-out is what you're after, Greek Lady is a good bet.
The Greek Lady actually began as a mere food truck and then expanded her business a few years ago into a full restaurant. The popular restaurant on 40th Street has a huge menu --- pretty much everything on there is worth a try --- but it still maintain the quick service philosophy that made it a successful as a food truck.

Stuff that's good: Well, lamb gyros for sure (a Greek tradition); salads (very popular with weight conscious college girls); and (for the rest of us) excellent fries. They also do a justice to a lot of Philly classics, like the hoagie and the steak sandwich.   

Stuff that's bad: Loud, drunken patrons late at night, especially on weekends.

Stuff that's funny: The Greek Lady staff is predominantly Mexican and Guatemalan, whereas the Mexican joint two doors down, Qdoba, doesn't have a single Mexican on the payroll. Not that I've seen.
Wow, Greek Lady's upgraded their location. Much bigger, much cleaner since my last visit.

Food's still just as tasty and probably just as unhealthy for you, but at least it's still the same goodness that was there for years.

Definitely big portions still.... though it is a tish more expensive now but still under $10 with a drink and a gyro.
Good if you want something quick and fast...the chicken gyro isn't half bad.

Was not impressed with the service but I think it's the wrong place to expect grade A service. 

Maybe not the most authentic Greek food I've ever had, but it's not bad!
Seriously can't say enough good things about this place. 

Being that I went to Penn I have been frequenting this place for years. No matter what I've ordered, whether it be the chicken platter, gyro, breakfast omelet, dessert, salad, or anything...it has rarely disappointed. I

Also definitely helps that it's a place that's open relatively late compared to others near the area. I've moved around the city a ton, but whenever I'm in Philly I can't go too long without stopping by here. I must also stress that they don't hold back on their portions, which for the prices the advertise is a STEEAAAL!!!

The place is clean inside and they have great outdoor seats for when the whether is nice. If you go or went to Penn you are bound to see someone you know while people watching just FYI. I've had so many spontaneous dinner part is that way haha, which just makes the whole experience that much better. 

Serious. This place is Penn classic, but worth the trip for anyone in the Philly area looking for a nice gyro.
Excellent choice working in university city to pick up something on the go after work. They are a well ran , efficient machine that will steamroll through the many orders that come through that place. 

My two most frequently ordered item is the lamb gyro with lemon roasted potatoes on the side. They bring the Greek authenticity when they put fries in their gyros just like in Greece. Second get the Greek lady salad with grilled chicken which features well cooked chicken with a nice char.

Desserts are skippable here. Not fresh.
Greek Lady used to be better, TODAY I received a lovely chicken ceaser salad accompanied with a BUG (still alive) and a slice of lovely GREEK HAIR!!! I've ordered from them in the past, their food is nothing to rave about but it is a lunch joint so don't expect high quality food, the chicken is probably a day old because its never fresh I've given them chance after chance only because there aren't THAT many choices in the University City area but today was the last dollar I give to this establishment. I actually would like to have given 3 stars at least if it wasn't for the horrible customer service I received when I called and explained about the creature invading my salad along with the hair salon in my lunch :/, the "manager" I don't know WHO she is but she got on the phone and did not even acknowledge the BEETLE I explained that was in my $9 salad she just said "HOW DO YOU WANT YOUR MONEY BACK"... Which was pretty "buggin" if you ask me. All in all, I'll never go here again and I wanted to warn my fellow U city community if you go please check your food.
The veggie gyros here are pretty much god. Perfect pita, lettuce, tomatoes, white yogurt sauce, and best of all- the pita is stuffed with french fries. It's so stuffed and big that it gets hard to eat and super messy, but I guess the amazing flavors are still worth it. It's also fairly priced-- one sandwich is less than $7.

I've also tried a egg and cheese on wheat bread sandwich, which was simple but excellent. 

I'll definitely be back to try more on their menu, though I'm sure the veggie gyro would be my favorite. It's great that a Mediterranean place on campus has a solid vegetarian menu!
Greek Lady is an important staple of a Penn student. Recently renovated, this restaurant serves up a mean gyro that's loaded with meat, veggies, and fries. Yup, fries.

What I Ordered: Chicken Souvlaki Gyro. Can't go wrong with it. Lamb's pretty good too.

Verdict: Good food at a pretty good price. Ask any student. Also, they always have football (European) on tv. Always a plus in my book.
The food here is fresh and the servings are huge, but the staff really struggles to get orders right. I think the main issue is a language barrier, but I've tried pointing to an item on the takeout menu while placing an order and about 50% of the time, I still don't receive what I've asked for. The staff will send the same dish out two or three times, sometimes with a different server, sometimes with a copy of the order (which they've entered incorrectly), insisting that it's mine. It's frustrating, and I've been through it enough times that I don't think I'll go back.
I absolutely love Greek food so I was pretty excited to try Greek Lady, but unfortunately I wasn't too impressed. I ordered the chicken gyro on whole wheat pita. I thought the chicken was a little dry, and the flavors were overall a bit bland. I literally coated each bite with hot sauce and banana peppers to try to get more flavor into the food. The gyro also has french fries in it which I thought would make it amazing, but honestly it was just so mediocre. But I got to try some of my friend's huuge grilled chicken salad and I thought that was really tasty so if I ever come back I'll probably just order that.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! My favorites are the lamb gyro, chicken Caesar salad and wrap and the chicken and spinach pita. I've got all my coworkers hooked on this place. They make delicious food and have fast delivery. I would definitely recommend The Greek Lady to everyone. It's a must try!
I came here with my boyfriend for a late dinner one night. We were excited for Greek food, and it was pretty good here. I had the grape leaves which were great. They came with a really tasty side of tzatziki. My boyfriend had a gyro which he liked as well. They put fries in the gyro here, which we found pretty weird, and when he asked to get them on the side instead of on the sandwich, the cashier said no and didn't offer an explanation. Not great customer service there. The reason why this place is getting 3 stars instead of 4, though, is the hummus. It was just not good. It had no flavor whatsoever, and we ended up only eating a couple bites because it was so bad. We dipped the pita it came with in my tzatziki sauce instead.
I've been working at Penn for over a year now and just recently went to the Greek Lady. I've heard all about it from friends and students so I finally went to check it out.

A friend of mine and I went to lunch here on a Friday afternoon. Although we were ahead of the typical lunch time (we were there at 11:45), the restaurant was well packed but not too crowded. Although there was a mid-size line, it went super fast. I'm sure they know to get through everyone fast during that time of day. After placing my order, my friend and I found a table. By the time we had returned from getting utensils, our food was already at the table!! What quick turn around! 

I ordered the House Gyro with Spanakopita. The spinach pie is definitely something to be shared, since they give you 6 full size pieces. Between the two of us, we finished it off but barely. As for our Gyros, they were stuffed to capacity. My pork was perfectly done and the tzatziki sauce was a great touch of sweet. There were only 3 french fries on the sandwich, so I don't think they should advertise that it comes with fries -- but I didn't order it for the french fries anyway. Overall, the food was delicious. It was my first time eating authentic Greek food, so I was impressed and satisfied. A great lunch location.

I've heard the place has undergone renovations recently, so when I first got there I was glad to see that it was very nice inside. Although the lay out is somewhat confusing (there are people standing waiting for their take-out orders right around where the order-line starts), the seating area is spacious (for the restaurants' relative size) and airy. It did get loud during our meal, but that is to be expected during lunch hour.

My only suggestion to the restaurant would be to have a menu that is on the wall. As far as I noticed, the only menus they had were printed ones, which tend to get wasted or thrown away after people look through them. If they have something posted where patrons can look up and order (similar to other take-out restaurants), it might speed up their process and reduce the waste.

Other than that, I would say that this place is pretty good for the food it offers -- authentic Greek dishes with ample portion sizes!
I stopped in to grab a lamb gyro (with no fries inside - because I am too dignified for that) to go during lunchtime. They seemed pretty busy but I was in and out in under 10 minutes. The gyro itself is pretty much what you'd expect it to be, maybe a little messier than average, and would be better if the tzatziki sauce and lettuce were more even spread. I would stop by again if/when I'm craving a quick gyro fix.
I like this place. Mostly it's an inviting site to see instead of the usual pizza catering during lunch time info sessions / meetings at school. 

I came here myself one day when I stayed late on campus while reviewing for finals. I looked up the menu online, called in, walked over to pick up my order, and it was all seamless. I got a chicken gyro (which I prefer over the lamb). The wrap comes in a pita bread shell as well as fries wrapped in (my favorite part).

I was so surprised to see fries in there my first time eating it that I thought it was accidentally mixed in, but I'm glad it's a deliberate addition. This place is great for catering to large groups if you want to mix it up a bit! (Though the meets can become a bit dry when sitting out for too long).

It was my friends birthday that day, so I also got a chocolate cake for her (and of course she shared with me!) pretty good. I'm glad they have a dessert selection there!
I actually love the Greek Lady... And I Really never leave bad reviews but I literally just had the rudest customer service experience ever.  Rushed off my order with full attitude while still talking. Not sure the name of the guy but it's 9:43 on Monday May 14. I hope management checks this. so disappointed.
Hey Greek Lady. Whatever nasty substance you use to cook your home fries in, STOP USING IT.
Located in University City, Philadelphia, the Greek Lady does things well.  Over the years it has expanded and improved but kept the food quality high.  Gyros (Lamb, House or Chicken) are among the best in the city, crunchy bits of meat that are not dry on pita bread that is so delicious and chewy.  Tzatziki is fresh and delicious and the perfect accompaniment.  The Fiesty Feta dip is spicy enough and ample enough for three or four people to share and the best single thing on the menu.  Souvlaki is charred perfectly and exactly as it should be.  Cheesesteaks and hoagies and burgers are all good, but not why you should go to The Greek Lady - stick with what the sign says - GREEK FOOD.  

You can take eat at the restaurant, order at the counter and wait at a table.  Cleanliness is fine for the type of service - you may have a hard time finding a clean table.  Eating outside is highly recommended on a nice day - interesting world walking by.
The Greek Lady is a great lunch spot for students as well as individuals working in the area! I ordered the Lamb Gyro and for the price and size it was delicious! It definitely kept me full for hours!
Ok so I have been to The Greek Lady a number of times and I usually take the easy way out and get chicken Caesar on pita bread. Today I felt brave enough to finally try their Gyro. I got a chicken one as I'm not yet brave enough to try their signature lamb gyro. The chicken gyro was awesome who would have thought french fries wrapped in a sandwich would be so great!! On top of that the tzastki sauce brings the while gyro together. I got the chicken gyro platter which comes with two sides I chose mashed potatoes and steamed brocolli which were good as well. I would say the only downside is it can get really crowded and your waiting in line for 15 mins before you even place your order but I gave it 4 stars because the workers in there aren't very friendly and customer service is a deal breaker for me.
Greek Lady is the embodiment of college food--good, not great, but it will power you through an all-nighter at the library or save you from a vicious hangover.  In my opinion, the star of the show is the lamb gyro (don't forget the red hot peppers), but they are also known for their monster chicken salads and specialty platters.  They prepare their gyros as you order, so you're promised a fresh comfort food at the beginnning or the end of a long night.
YAS

This place has my favorite lamb gyro! In general, most gyros taste delicious to me, but when the restaurant puts fries inside the gyro - I'm in love.

Additionally, the greek lady salad and the curly fries are uber tasty!

Prices are fair. The ambiance is casual and the service is fairly speedy. Everyone there seems friendly enough. Great little place right off of campus! Go grab yourself a lamb gyro now!
Maddening customer service. When the bald guy with glasses behind the counter overcharged me today, I showed him the menu to clarify what I had ordered. He told me that he had never seen the menu before--there were literally thousands of them stacked around the restaurant. I've gotten delivery from them previously. The food's ok but if I try to eat it again, it would just stick in my throat
Food is good the service is good and location is good. There isn't anything "amazing" about this place it is just a basic Greek restaurant. I would add that it gets pretty dirty (table area) because it gets busy but I can't really complain for a self-service place. This place is more for convenient-location purposes not really for the taste of food.
Gyro was good. Fries cold, spinach warm. Sent them back. Cook microwaved them. Fries now soggy, Spinach boiling hot. One star for the Greek Lady.  Space is well lit and nice but one star or less for customer service.  You're no Lady--just another brazen hussy!
Greek Lady has great, reasonably priced food (and the service is quick too!).   Their platters can easily serve as two meals.  The gyros are delicious - flavorful meat, fresh fluffy pita and the perfect amount of sauce.  I also really like the Supreme Salad, which comes with pita and grape leaves (and is more than enough for two meals).
I think it's the perfect mix of take out place and restaurant - there's plenty of seating, but you order at a counter so it can also easily be taken to go.
I really love how it looks after the renovation - everything is open and airy!  Loved Greek Lady before the renovation and love it even more after!
