Came to the brunch place on New Year's Eve with my bf and sister and I really enjoyed our experience! This place is known among locals for their outrageous red velvet pancakes, delicious food, and massive portion sizes. That day they were serving up their best menu of 2016 and there were options such as the birthday cake french toast and the deep fried oreo french toast. 

We ordered the birthday cake french toast and the red velvet pancakes since my sister had warned us about their giant portions. When the food arrived, I was glad I didn't order a third dish because the pancakes were basically 12 inches by 12 and there were three of them! It contained yummy strawberry mascarpone layers and chocolate chips and the pancakes were fluffy on the inside. For $14, I think this dish is totally worth it. We couldn't even finish 1/4 of it within the three of us! 

Our second choice, the birthday cake french toast, was even more outrageous than the pancakes. I loved this one even more, simply because it was very sweet and looked like unicorn food! For $14, you get a giant stack of challah bread that is dipped in cake batter, layered with purple wild berry mascarpone and more toppings. I am so glad we went with this choice since I had never had anything like it, and it totally exceeded my expectations! Definitely giving this place a try again!
Food was delicious always wanted to try the place was a great experience besides the burnt eggs was a small misunderstanding with the waitress it was address and the item was removed from the check in which they don't ordinarily do that at all so i was appreciative
I wandered in here with some very hungry triathletes last weekend. This being a Sunday, 'round brunch o'clock, and South Philly... of course there was a wait. Unlike some of the other brunch standbys (looking at you, Sabrina's), though, this place has a nice lounge for people to wait in and extra seating at the counter - I sent a silent thank-you to whoever designed this spot for sparing me half an hour of awkward loitering on the sidewalk on a 96-degree day.

Started with perfectly serviceable coffee (I like the raw sugar cubes) and juice, and I perused the restaurant's eco-friendly mission statement as well as the menu. I'm simultaneously irked and enthralled by the whole idea of a mission statement for a brunch spot - this is a mildly presumptuous thing, right? - but I certainly appreciate the commitment to minimal waste and sustainable practices. 

My calorie-torching post-race friends ate giant breakfast burritos with great gusto, and my grilled cheese and tomato soup (a last-minute choice since they were out of veggie sausage for tofu scramble) was satisfying. I am looking forward to coming back for the peanut butter French toast and perhaps a Coke in a small glass bottle, with a side of righteous self-satisfaction for recycling it afterward.
I was extremely disappointed with our treatment by the staff this morning.  This is the objective facts of what happened:  My party of 3 arrived at 11:20am, and we were told by the hostess that there was a 20 minute wait, which I thought seemed a small timeframe, but I believed her.  After 10 minutes of waiting, I noticed that we were #5 on the list of 3+ parties.  There was a concurrent list for parties of 2.  They seated a party of 5 who arrived after us prior to seating us.  We witnessed another party of 3 who arrived before us and had been told 15 minutes speak to the hostess about the fact that they had been waiting over an hour, and she responded in a frustrated tone, "We can't control how quickly people eat and move along."   80 minutes after we arrived, we were finally seated.  I asked our very nice waitress if I could speak with the manager on duty.  She wanted to know why, and I told her about our waiting experience.  I told her she could pass the message along herself or she could send the manager to our table.  A slight man, who apparently had told someone who arrived about an hour after us that there was "no wait for you", came to our table and apologized for his hostess's lack of hospitality and because she hadn't offered us coffee the whole time we waited.  He also responded to jrg's comment about how the hostess almost got punched after she copped the attitude with the other party of three, "That would have been cool."  He also told us that it was her first day on the job.  

Perhaps it was a confluence of bad behavior, or perhaps it was a new restaurant still growing their busy legs, but I will definitely think twice before I return on a Sunday morning.  I'll ask myself, is it early enough to go?  is it late enough to go?  how hungry am i?  how much patience for way underestimated wait-times do I have this morning?   

Additionally, I noticed a large bottle of vodka and a bottle of champagne in the drink area despite the lack of alcoholic options on the menu.  I found it to be odd but forgot about it until right before we left when I heard the cork pop and 4 glasses of mimosa be served to a table in front of us.  

Perhaps this might be a place where it helps to know somebody?  I'm disappointed because I do want to like this place soooo much...
This is more of a 3.5 experience, but I'm sure with more experience under their belt, they'll hit 4 stars.

They nailed it with the decor and location; this doesn't feel like any of other brunch spots around town and given the newness, it's less of a home-cooking kitch vibe and more of a contemporary, clean and spacious café.

The menu is pretty solid with a number of healthy choices, but there were a few things that counter-balanced the fresh approach. The grapefruit juice and the sliced fruit didn't seem freshly squeezed or freshly cut. The juice lacked pulp and the honeydew had those translucent edges that suggested they'd come from a batch of preserved fruit. Not to mention, $3 for a small glass of bottled juice...that's a little severe.

My egg white omelet and my friend's breakfast burrito were pretty great and props for sweet potato fries, accepting credit cards, and pomegranate granola. 

I'll definitely be back here to check out other menu items like the "Kitchen Sink" - it comes in a skillet and there's chorizo, need I say more?
Green eggs cafe is like the nifty fifties of brunching! Most of their items are over the top and served in large portions. For example why have your regular latte when you can have a nutella or creme brule latte. Why have your standard french toast, when you can have a salted caramel bannana or a stuffed cookie dough french toast served pilled high and with so much detail.

So yeah very much over the top and I love it cause it's green eggs cafe! I came here and had a wonderful time. Service was great and our food arrived in a good amount of time. I ordered the kitchen sink which was enough to feed 2 people. It had potatoes, eggs, sausage gravy and a biscuit. It was served in a cast iron pan and was piping hot upon arrival. I also ordered maple oatmeal which was some of the best oatmeal I had in a long time.

Overall the prices are reasonable. I paid about 20.00 for my meal. They serve breakfast and lunch all day. Their also byob and cash only however they have an ATM inside their restaurant for your banking pleasure!
I've been to Green Eggs twice. In the interest of full disclosure, i'll say that my first visit was flawless.

My second visit, not so much. My boyfriend and i sat and watched while tables who were seated and ordered their food after us were served their meals before us. After waiting an extraordinarily long time for our meals (a table that had been seated after us was paying their check by now) my food looked terrible. 

I'd ordered the steak and eggs special. It was obvious that my food had been sitting around for quite some time. If you've ever cut into a rare steak then let it sit out and dry up you know the sort of unappealing meat cubes i was facing down. UGH. and my toast was cold. 

I'm not a frequent bruncher. When i go out to brunch it's a special treat so i'm a pretty harsh judge, i guess. One bad meal is enough to turn me off from a place forever. I won't be returning to Green Eggs Cafe. Hawthorne's is closer, serves beer, and has never let me down.
Needs new management!!

With so many good brunch places in the city, I do not feel the need to go back to one where the management has no respect for their customers. We recently ate at Green Eggs, and had a terrible interaction with the "manager," Nick. The restaurant was out of the food that we ordered, but did not let us know until about 25 min after we ordered. The waitress took her time in getting us a menu so we could choose another item. In the meantime our food arrived, and the kitchen sent us food that we didnt order - but not to make up for being out of items- they apparently figured we could just eat that instead. When our waitress was unfazed by this we asked to speak with the manager. He didn't seem to understand why we woudlnt just eat what we were served, and his response was that we had three options: 1. wait another 30 min while they made something else, 2.eat what we were given or 3. leave. I have never had a manager tell me I should leave before. It was rude, uncalled for and an inappropriate way to handle the situation.

With rats at one location, and a rude manager at another, I see no need to give this restaurant my money again.
My Mother: I'll have the Eggs Benedict special, but could I have the sauce on the side?

Server: I'm sorry mam, but we have a strict policy here that we can not "customize" our specials.

My Mother:  Oh I don't want anything special, just instead of dumping the sauce on top of the dish, please put it on the side.

Server: Yeaaaah. I'm sorry but I just can't do that.

Clearly a brain or even just the capacity for abstract thought are not a prerequisite to work at the Green Eggs Cafe
Came here a few weeks ago on a Sunday with a group... luckily we didn't wait that long to be seated .. place is pretty busy place 

Staff was nice and had no issues 

Menu has a good selection 

The Nutella Latte is a MUST!

I had the pastrami ( rub) lox Benedict and I liked it .

We shared a few dishes for table which were great - the buffalo chicken Mac and cheese and short rib Mac and cheese called the " cure skillet"  were both excellent

Another friend had the creme brûlée French toast  and loved it!

Would come back again if I was in area again
There is a lot to like about Green Eggs Cafe. The idea of a quality breakfast option for dining out appeals to me fundamentally. I love the fact that I can do a benedict any day of the week...it's comforting just knowing it's an option. Oddly enough, the veggie benedict is my personal favourite, among the incarnations of this dish inhabiting the menu. I'm usually comfortable with my carnivorous nature, but the balance of this dish is well executed. The red pepper and portobello play so nicely with the egg yolk and hollandaise. Add a spot La colombe coffee, and your day has been started in the right foot. 

   There are a few drawbacks worth mentioning. The menu has toppled the savory/sweet scale onto the sacrine side of the street. Sometimes I'm not sure if I'm looking at a desert or breakfast menu.  There are certainly a few staples that are always a winner (duck reuben, veggie benny), but once you get outside of that sphere , you better have a serious sweet tooth. Second, I don't want to listen to white party girl club music while I sip my coffee in the morning.  It's not a night club...it's brunch. I would be much appeased if we turned the hipster vibe down about 8 clicks, and focused a little more or attentive service and creating a more balanced menu. 

   This brings me to my last, and most unfortunate, point. The service in the S. Philly location is UNACCEPTABLE. It does an establishment real discredit if the service is bad enough to overshadow good food. I don't think...no, I know that I've ever had worse service than I have from one particular waitress.  My lady and I were willing to give her a pass the first time we had her; giving her the benefit of the doubt on a busy Saturday brunch (she was terrible, but we still left 15%). The second time, however, was a dead lunch service on a Thursday.  The 'tattooed wonder' was equally smug, and unattentive during our second visit. She didn't: bring our food, refill our drinks, even speak to us when she arrived at our table (just stood there waiting for us to order, so she could get the whole ordeal over with), take our check, or get our change.  All of these services were provided by her co-workers. This is literally the first, and only time, I have left someone a $1 tip. Sounds like someone could use a good spanking!

   I'd be happy to re-rate this at 4 stars if there were two more good savory staples added to the menu, and the downright terrible service was improved upon 10 fold.
I got my birthday brunch on at Green Eggs last week and I was a pretty happy camper. There were so many amazing-sounding things on the menu that I had a difficult time choosing just one. Since it was a special day, we went a little crazy and started the meal with a muffin topped with walnuts and crème anglaise that was featured that morning. It was delicious, and a perfectly sweet way to start our brunch. 

When I saw two gigantic griddles of the "kitchen sink" delivered to a neighboring table, I almost changed my order. But I ultimately went with the breakfast burrito, with egg whites instead of whole eggs. Because you know, it's so much healthier that way. 

Stuffed with eggs, potatoes, peppers and cheese and topped with black beans, pico, avocado and sour cream, it was one hefty burrito. I was so engrossed in my own meal that I barely glanced at my boyfriend's smoked salmon benedict. 

Servers were all friendly and chatty, and the café had a really pleasant, comfortable feel. I have no idea why it has taken me so long to try this place, but it's sure to become a staple.
Terrible, rude experience with the manager of our group reservation made and confirmed two months in advance. Manager gave away our private party reservation to make space for another group on the morning of our reservation, leaving us scrambling to find a new place for our party. 

I've actually set up a yelp account in order to discourage others from trying to hold group events here. I've been to Green Eggs at Newbold and Washington Square West about half a dozen times, with no more than four people, and did the Sunday waiting game because the food is pretty good. I've found the staff defensive and unfriendly on numerous occasions but always let it go.

But my experience last weekend was so outrageous that I felt like others needed to have this information before considering holding a group event here. My good friends wanted to reserve a space for a baby shower brunch for me this past weekend and chose this location because it's one of the few brunch places with a private back room with space for a larger group. We called the managers about two months ago, and we had confirmation that we could hold our event here. My friend called back to check in 3 or 4 times over the course of the past two months, including twice the day before the shower, to confirm the final head count and make sure everything was set. The managers always assured us that everything was settled with our final guest total. 

We all showed up on time to be seated as a group, presents and cake in hand, only to find out that they had given away the back room to a bigger group and canceled our private event space. The other group was bigger than ours, so I guess that made more financial sense to them, but we had planned this for months and were left high and dry. The manager offered that we could wait an hour or so past our reservation to meet in the back room, or wait a shorter time sit at a table crammed next to all the other guests on a packed Sunday morning. Completely insensitive to the havoc this caused us, as we scrambled to come up with a plan B venue during one of the busiest restaurant times of the week, the manager claimed to have called us an hour before (we were all already on our way) and said he could only apologize so many times. He actually asked another customer near us to put in a positive yelp review to cancel ours out, which I found outrageous and insensitive to the stress he caused all of us. He gave us no justification, was unsympathetic and rude, and was totally dismissive.

Luckily, we were able to have the shower at one of our apartments (though it took a lot of last minute shopping and set up -- totally stressful). We did everything right and despite confirmation the day before our party, we were left completely hanging. I don't know what we would have done if we didn't happen to have a nearby apartment big enough to host us.
My grandmom lives across the street and before taking her to an appointment downtown, my boyfriend and I took her to breakfast.

This is a place that I don't understand how it got it's YELP hype.

I had a bad feeling right away about what the service would be like by the blah attitude of the hostess. Looking right at the three of us as we closed the door, she still asked me how many. I understand it's a normal question, but that was like the only thing she said and she really seemed 

Then I met the waitress that had a personality like burnt toast. It just kind of ruins your whole breakfast.

I had to interject to sort of create some kind of dynamic at all between her and my very personable and young at heart grandmother. My grandmother is very sweet, very friendly, and very "with it." Most of all, she's mine. And you better not ever be rude to her in front of me.

Somehow we ended up with a new waitress. I'm wondering if they pool. I then had to tell our new waitress that I have two degrees and I have to work as a waitress. I get that the other one doesn't want to do it. But sometimes we all have to do what we don't want to do. In fact I will tell my fellow yelpers, I most recently was the hostess in a very competitive downtown brunch restaurant... I really do know what it's like!! So believe me when I say, there was absolutely no excuse for her nasty attitude.

I'm glad that they gave us a new waitress, because as a waitress myself, I love giving great tips for average service. It makes me happy. If I had to continute to deal with toast girl and the shitty food, she was going to get beat with a boring tip to match her boring attitude. Sorry. Sometimes, not only do you have to know how to be a waitress, you have to have a personality. The second girl was great and I as well as my boyfriend and grand mom appreciated it.

On to the food...My grand mom wanted medium boiled eggs and a piece of turkey scrapple cooked crispy. She got poached eggs and beef scrapple (which is all that they carry) fried BURNT. Purely burnt. I know because I tried some and it was disgusting. When I tried to tell the server, she told me that that's how they make it there....like they couldn't do it lighter. But it was burnt! So my grand mom didn't want it anymore. Grr.

She told our first waitress that she didn't want potatoes or toast...Of course, she got white toast with her breakfast, lol. I'm guessing it just came with it.

The turkey on my sandwich tasted funny-- like as in old funny. I didn't eat it, and needed three to go containers to take my food with me in case I changed my mind.

My boyfriend got the kitchen sink. In concept, something I thought sounded great. But in reality, I think it was like garbage. Smothered in animal fatty greasy gravy. White, bland, and gross. The whole thing said BLAH.

It's expensive and the food isn't good. I know they must have give us some sort of break on the bill because it only came to $30 and we all had coffee. As much as I don't want to, I can think of other breakfast places where the food really is worth the center city price. I don't care if the bread is two inches thick if it really isn't that good. I would rather have a 1/3 in thick and dream about it all day. I want something delicious-- not HUGE and AVERAGE.

What ever happened to restaurants serving higher quality than you could make at home? Stuff that you dreamed about? No one liked anything. 0/3 plus bad service initially illicits one star and 0 returns.
Two stars for fresh-squeezed orange juice and coffee with soy milk. That's about it.

Tofu scramble is cooked in butter unless you ask for it to be vegan!!!
Delicious vegan breakfast!

Came here at 1pm on a Saturday afternoon and sat at their counter. I ordered their Tofu Scramble with the signature potatoes. The tofu scramble was so flavorful! The scramble was flavored with curry and lemon. I absolutely loved it. Honestly one of the best tofu scrambles I've ever had. The signature potatoes were also super satisfying. I loved how the potatoes were cooked with peppers and onions as well. 

Service was excellent and our food came out very fast. I'll definitely be back!
I've been to Green Eggs a couple times and I've absolutely loved it in the moment. All of the things I have tried have been really delicious and huge portions. But every time I have eaten there I have gotten really sick. I thought it may be something with me and an intolerance I may have that I didn't know about. But after speaking with some friends, it seems like it's a common thing for people to get sick after eating here. 

Again the food is delicious and the staff is extremely friendly. But there's something in their food that doesn't agree with a lot of people.
Can i just say my mouth is watering and drool is slowly coming down my cheek everytime I think about Green Eggs.

This establishment has a good cafe feel and the customer service was up to par.  You have one person taking your drink order and another taking your food order.

Look at their speicals because there might be an item that will shock you and must get.

My brother and I split their pumpkin french toast and that thing was so amazing I probably got 5 cavities.  I couldn't stop eating it bite after bite.  

He also ordered the chicken and waffle benedict which was very flavorful with the hollandaise sauce.  If you want to eat 3000 calories go for this. 

I opted for their shrimp bacon and grits and it was lovely! hahhaha I'm not a huge grits fan but they know to make grits.  It has a spicy kick but it was soooo good.  I had to stop myself from trying to finish the whole plate.


This place doesn't disappoint :) 

Im still thinking about you!
Their food is *typically* great. 

I have two MAJOR issues with this place:
1) Their wait-staff is TERRIBLE. The last three times I've gone (all within the last two months), I've been given terrible service. It's not uncommon for my waitor/waitress to apparently switch off tables randomly, but in doing so, they tend to never return until I hail them for help. If I ask for a spare plate, it might take a few minutes and me having to ask two different servers. At a brunch spot where you're paying $2.50 for a simple coffee, is it too much to expect it to get refilled once? This is beside the fact that it's not uncommon for a few specific servers to be present with clearly bad attitudes. If you don't enjoy the job, 1) fake it, or 2) quit. I'm sure they can easily replace you!

2) Some food items have gone down hill. Specifically, the Chicken and Waffles Benedict. This used to be my favorite breakfast dish in the city, but they switched to sub-par chicken that's more akin to the rats that were caught crawling on their tables a while back. The last two times it wasn't properly prepared with spicy sauce/syrup. 

For a place charging so much, and with such a great track record, it's a shame to see this location hurting so badly now...over simply fixed things no less.

I'd recommend trekking up to the Northern Liberties location until they at least replace the bad management.

Also, get with the program and accept credit/debit already.
It was the best of breakfasts, it was the most mediocre of breakfasts.

My dining companion ordered the creme brulee french toast. As specified in a hundred other reviews, this was delicious. I ordered the steak and eggs. The scrambled eggs were really gross; obviously from a carton, not seasoned or mixed with any liquid. Wet, dense, rubbery, and possibly worse than McDonalds eggs. The steak was tolerable -- it also seemed a bit wet, as if it had been marinated too long. Rosemary potatoes were fine, although my personal pet peeve is when chefs don't chop the rosemary a bit -- it is literally evergreen needles, so whole they are a bit... poke-y. As for the toast? Well, I was raised by British people, so I have an awfully high tolerance for cold burnt toast, but a frozen lump of butter isn't the proper accompaniment. 

Disappointing, especially after my positive experience at the other location. The cherry on this sundae, as it were, was that the kitchen was also playing the absolute worst music. Now, if you are busting your ass in a hot kitchen all day you definitely deserve to listen to music while you do so. However, as a customer, a straight hour of unredeemable Backstreet Boys and other early 2000s teen pop was hard to stomach. There is never going to be a right time to listen to that stuff ironically, guys.
NEVER EAT HERE. The hostess and "manager" working Sunday, Feb 9, 2020 from 12:00PM-1:00PM needs to be disciplined. Both were extremely rude and ignored our party for an hour. We were never seated. Both the hostess and manager refused to provide their names because they knew they made a mistake and were being unprofessional. 

My party of 4 and a baby waited an hour to be seated but realized we were skipped over. Our party name was crossed out on their waitlist. No attempt was made to seat us afterwards by both the hostess and manager, so we had to leave.

We waited right behind the hostess and constantly checked in to see if our name was called. The hostess claimed she called our name three times "15 mins ago," however that is impossible because I informed her the mother and baby needed to step out only 10 mins ago. We waited right behind her -- she never called our name once during the hour. She even glared at us when we repeatedly peeked over to check the waitlist. She crossed off our entire party, and we were never seated after waiting an hour.

We don't mind waiting an hour but don't give customers an attitude, especially when your hostess makes a mistake and then lies about it.

We were listening for our name to be called -- why would we wait for an hour just to waste everyone's time and not be seated?

We will never support this franchise or restaurant ever again. Consider fixing the attitude problem with your hostess and manager, who disgracefully would not reveal their own names. Shame.
So I start by saying I am NOT the type of person to write reviews of any kind, and thoroughly enjoyed Green Eggs about once a week with various different friends since I moved to South Philly 7 months ago. But in this situation, it seemed warranted.

I planned on meeting a friend of mine, who is also a Green Eggs regular, at the restaurant at 7:30. As we never have been there that early, we didn't realize they didn't open until 8. No big deal, after sitting outside for a little bit we decided to take a quick walk around the corner and come back at 8. My friend locked his bike up in front of the restaurant (on a pole, no signs saying not to lock your bike) and 20 minutes later we were back in front of the restaurant. However, by the time we got back, the owner had taken out a power tool and cut the u-lock and placed my friends bike across the street unlocked.

Now I understand if you don't want bikes locked in front of your business for various reasons, but owning a business in the city, especially South Philadelphia, it seems like something you should be prepared for. If there was some sort of sign asking for guests to please not park their bikes there, we would have easily complied and parked it across the street. It just doesn't seem like good business for a place who most likely has a high percentage of cycling clientele to (im pretty sure illegally) cut the bike lock of someone who wants to eat at their restaurant without any sort of warning or notice, to leave it unattended in the street and open for theft. Needless to say, although there will always be a place in my heart for their granola and coffee, I do not see myself frequenting this place again.
We came here on sat for brunch at around 1130am.  The wait wasn't bad 15 mins for a group of 4.

The interior was open windows with streaming light. The service was good. Our food took a little while to come out though.

Food
#Brisket Benedict: large portion sizes.  I didn't like the fact that it was over a potato patty instead of English muffin.  The potatoes can be done regular with salt and pepper or with Rosemary.
#waffles eggs Benedict:  crispy savory very good  
#Crème brûlée French toast:  it is sooo good and not too sweet at all.  Good amount of berries and fruit.  Great sizing.

Overall we had a great time and would come back again!
The cream brûlée pancakes were amazing! I had to wait a little bit even on a Thursday morning so make sure you call ahead of schedule reservations. I will definitely make it back for a savory dish.
...out of the frying pan...

After a bit of a hiatus, Lady Mary and I decided to revisit Green Eggs S. Philly, with a fair amount of trepidation I might add. 

Saturday morning in the city is a busy time for any 'bunchery', so we were well prepared for a wait. Since there was no business on the docket until mid-afternoon, we didn't mind waiting in the foyer, while we watched an episode of 'Chopped' on the tele above the fireplace. I had my good Lady (and her sterling personality) to keep me company as we passed the time; so the thirty some odd minutes seemed to pass without us taking much notice. 

We two were seated at a table, intended for a four top, with two teenage girls who were not in our party. There was one small potted plant on the table, which was designed to serve as a line of demarcation, separating the two parties. Sharks left, Jets right. Montagues right, and Capulets left. Hatfields left...and, oh well, you get the point. The plant did about as much good as the Manginot line did the French in '40...a pitiful fortification which quickly succumbed to a blitzkrieg of rudeness. 

Our tablemates repeatedly kicked our table, spilling valuable waves of La Colombe onto the table. So fortunate we were to hear about how their plans to the mall were thwarted, by their evil caregivers. Our luck turned sharply upward when another table, who missed 'inside voice day' in kindergarden, was seated two feet to out left. 

Service climbed a notch from unacceptable, to perfunctory.

The food, however, was well above average.  But, the tastiness of the food was not enough to distract one from from a vision of my second level of hell. Rude, loud, and pointless conversation sank my hopes for a pleasant brunch like the H.M.S Hood via the Bismark. 

A myriad of factors detract from the quality, and accessibility, of the cuisine. Although, I love my neighborhood, and Churchill, I am very close to 'giving up' on Green Eggs S. Philly.
First time here. We were told the wait for two people would be 20 mins but the counter was first come so off to the counter we went.  Service was great even on a busy Sunday afternoon.   I had the crab cake Benedict with scrambled eggs instead of poached, delicious. My husband had the cajun shrimp and grits, which he really enjoyed. We will definitely visit again.
Took my mother here. This is my 2nd time. I really don't know why I went for the 2nd time, but was in the area and decided to go. Both times the service was poor. We were ignored for 15 minutes at the table. Had to ask server who our server was. As I looked around white customers were getting served promptly. The manager acted as if he didn't care. The server and manager are very racist. Black people beware of this place. I am filing a complaint against them. We waited for our food for a long time. Manager didn't care.
I'd give this place six stars if I could. I would give them seven stars if they opened one near me! 

This place is worth the wait. It's better than Sabrinas! 

Items not to be missed....the homemade chorizo! It is sooo good, not too greasy, not too spicy....sausage-y perfection! The biscuits and gravy are some of the best I have ever had. The sweet tea is just like Mom's. The french fries are perfection. 

What I would really like is a friend who wants to eat something sweet at breakfast! The sweet waffles and pancakes look so good, but whenever I come I want chorizo and sausage gravy! The great thing is the menu is great for vegan/veggie friends too! 

Just a great place for brunch/lunch!
After my initial so-so experience at Green Eggs Cafe, I learned to love it. The coffee is great and the pancakes with vanilla anglaise and fruit became one of my favorite brunch items that I've ever had. However, we went again yesterday and the experience left much to be desired. 

My boyfriend and I brought our parents for brunch (his are from out of town) and our server treated them with the most unabashed disdain that I have ever experienced at a restaurant - or anywhere for that matter. The rudeness and eye rolling were so pronounced that it was almost comical. She was at least cordial with myself, my boyfriend, and his brother (I suppose as long as you are 35 or under, you deserve to be treated with respect) but every time our parents would ask a question, or even look at her, she would little more than sneer. When creamer spilled, she practically whipped the bus boy with a towel, demanding "CLEAN THAT UP."

Not surprisingly, when she found a nice tip with the check (which was undeserved), she came back with her best imitation of humility to thank us.

While I still really enjoyed the food, I will not be returning to a place to pay money to be sneered at over coffee and eggs. It is a shame because the other servers I've had have been very sweet, and the host staff is nice as well. Too bad. With eight trillion other delicious brunch options in South Philly, I will count Green Eggs Cafe as a loss.
I was absolutely floored by this place in every way...

I had an early drive from Richmond on my way to a wedding, on a rainy Monday, and by the time I got hungry, I was passing through Philadelphia at around 8:30 AM. I Yelped "best breakfast" in the immediate area and this was first on the list (I caught one of the tips that said cash only, so MAKE SURE YOU HAVE CASH OR A BANK CARD TO GET SOME FROM THE ATM, IT REALLY IS "CASH ONLY," and so I dove in to the nearest Exit off the interstate and hunted it down. Absolutely STELLAR, from the adorable neighborhood it's unassumingly nestled in to the experience itself, I can't say enough good things about this spot. The interior is absolutely stunning, charming and the decor is tastefully quaint without ever feeling like too much clutter, with cute plants on the tables, minimal farm-table-feeling sugar glasses and hot sauce and syrup bottles on beautiful, rough-cut light-stained wooden tables; the space feels very open and a lot of natural light comes in through all of the large windows in the main dining room, making it very cozy by itself, but the staff made it feel even cozier. 

I had some of the most stellar service I've had at a restaurant in a long time; so personable and upbeat and she could keep an eye on the room without feeling overbearing (she was tall, blond, thin, very bubbly and kind- I meant to get her name so I could give her a shout-out-- if you see this, keep doing what you're doing. You deserved that over 20% Tip.) The staff is very knowledgeable and passionate about the menu (it's a good sign when you see the staff eating their own food.) 

I ordered the Red Velvet Pancakes and service was fast, on top of filling very delicious coffee at steady intervals, and when they came out, the presentation was absolutely gorgeous, the color was sinfully divine and the taste was even better than it looked (but everyone else was right about them; I can put back some plates, but even *I* hit a food coma sugar wall if-I-eat-another-bite-I-might-throw-up (I don't mean in a bad way- I wanted to take another twenty bites, but alas, the human body is a scumbag) on the pancakes and ended up having to box up a little over a quarter left. The portion is gargantuan; even the girl sitting next to me laughed when they came and said "wow, that's huge.") They were so insanely moist, fluffy (not dense at all- speaking for the consistency and texture of the 'cake' alone, it was perfect) and the chocolate chips and strawberry mascarpone hiding in the layers had melted and blended together to create a sweet, decadent flavor that should be illegal it was so good. The house-made chantilly cream (a slightly thicker whipped cream) had an amazing fruity, floral hint that melded incredibly with the super fresh strawberries and mint on top (I know strawberries are in season, so get anything with strawberries here while you can, because they were on-point!) It was awesome to have a little play on strawberries and whip right on top of my other favorite flavor (red velvet.) That dish is an incredible play on a classic flavor profile, and definitely worth all of the praise it gets (and I have deep Southern roots, so I take my red velvet anything very seriously!) 

**There were so many amazing-sounding things on the menu and I had to look up "what to get" or I would have never made up my mind, but I was super jealous of whoever is eating those Nutella French Toast Sticks on the specials menu. The constantly changing specials and constantly changing menu are a really good idea to keep it fresh and fun, and everything sounded stellar- I wanted to order half the menu! 

Please keep your quality, your passion and the space alive, because if I'm ever back in Philly, this spot will have to be a "must" on the itinerary! (Even if it's out of the way, make time for this place, and there was no wait on an early Monday morning (though people were starting to fill it up by about 9:30,) so treat yourself! Don't miss this amazing restaurant that reminded me, in the sea of people doing crazy things with sweet breakfasts, a dish can still stand above the rest! Seriously- whoever made those pancakes, you have a lot to be proud of. Love you! Keep kicking culinary butt!) 

Cheers, love and warm wishes to many more delicious plates to come!
In my previous review, I mentioned that I would return to try the Creme Brulee French Toast. Well, I did return...and again...and again...and again. I think it's safe to say I'm addicted to the french toast here. If you look at my list of Breakfast/Brunch Spots, they all serve french toast and I appreciate each location, but the Creme Brulee French Toast at Green Eggs is THE BEST french toast on the east coast. Now, my goal is to travel the east coast looking for another restaurant that can top this.
While I thought the food was good, it wasn't necessarily great. Their "Philly Benedict" was good enough, but not better than the traditional Benedict. I had a 3 egg omelet, and a 3 egg omelet is a 3 egg omelet I suppose. Actually, I'm beginning to find that most brunch places are all somewhat parallel with each other. 

BUT....I do like this space a lot. It's cozy and airy at the same time. And while their brunch didn't blow my mind, I'm willing to give some other things on the menu a try. The "Kitchen Sink" passed my line of vision and I nearly followed it to the next table. I also support places like this opening up throughout this side of south Philly, and away from the quickly crowded areas of Morning Glory, Sabrina's, Fitzwater Cafe, etc. 

I like that there is a waiting area. The counter seats and take out register is separated from the seating area, which is convenient. I'll definitely be back.  The service was pretty decent, except the coffee question caught me off guard.  "How do you take your coffee?"...I dunno, just bring the usual fixings.
My rating is based more on service than food quality. I think the food quality itself was fair. Nothing spectacular. The thick cut bacon was a bit on the salty side. We were greeted promptly and sat within a reasonable time. Our server mentioned that there would be 3 servers taking care of our table. After sitting for about 5-7 minutes, no one else came to our table. My sister had to go and ask if we were going to be served. We were also seated close to the uni-sex bathroom. I wasn't fond of the Back area seating.  The staff personality was friendly enough, but I don't think I would come back here.
First experience at Green Eggs certainly left me wanting a return trip.  This place checked in at just about 1 mile from my house so it makes for a nice pre and post brunch walk, which I love, in good weather of course.

I met up with the Philadelphia Food and Drink Power Couple or the PFDPC for some eats and some catch up.  I arrived early, as I tend to do and was greeted by a really nice girl at the front.  I told her about how I desired a table for 3 and after taking my name down, she directed me to the minimalist leather-like couch near the fire place.  It was a pretty comfy couch and I kind of want to know where they got it.

When the PFDPC arrived we got to our seat in their back room.  I had already sampled a cup of their La Colombe coffee (corsica?) and was ready to put actual food in my stomach.  The specials list looked every bit as intriguing as the normal menu.  I settled on the smoked salmon omelette with red onion and cream cheese.  I opted for the rosemary roasted potatoes.

The omelette was perfectly cooked.  It had a light and airy texture and was filled with a health dose of the salmon and enough red onion to cut through the fatty flavor of salmon.  The cream cheese on top was a bit much for me to take in the same bite so I scooped it off and used it on the wheat toast that was brought.  The potatoes were perfect, really, perfect.

My water glass stayed full and I loved the open and naturally lit space that we sat in.  It reminded me of a few places I visited in London, specifically from the very large windows and very clean lines and paint colors.

It would seem that Green Eggs and I will be seeing more of each other.
2 words: Over-effin-rated. Maybe tht was 3, whatever. This place is so irritating. The weekend waits are not worth it, the prices are inflated, and the hot drinks are stupid and tiny. And to be completely honest about the food, it CAN be good but most of the time the menu is just trying too hard to be special....sometimes I just want regular ol' brunch, not "dessert" or a "deep fried veggie burger" (ew!). Also my last meal of steak and eggs was super greasy. The steak was good but there was a pool of oil at the bottom of the dish all over the homefries and eggs and spinach. Really ruined it.
Memo to Green Eggs Cafe: Love the food, love the green/organic thing you have going on, but don't make me pay for the privilege of TAKING MY OWN LEFTOVERS HOME by charging me 25 cents for every container. I'd feel better about it if you just built that cost right into your meals. Don't $%^&ing sneak it in as an extra line item on my receipt, nitwits.
Living just around the corner, I was excited to have a new breakfast/brunch/lunch spot to add to the rotation of the usual Cantina, Sabrina's, Beau Monde, and Morning Glory options.  However, I was sorely disappointed on more than one occasion.  
The first time we dined here was for brunch with my boyfriend, our roommate and his parents. They were somewhat busy but not apologetically--after waiting in the lobby for 30 minutes then finally being seated we had to wait yet again for our waitress to ever visit our table.  We ordered tea and coffee but disappeared before we could give her our food order.   Our coffee and tea finally came but never any sugar or cream.  When she finally retrieved them, we were shocked that she returned with only milk and sugar in the raw.  Apparently, white granulated sugar, splenda, equal, sweet and low, and half and half are not offered here.  Strange for a breakfast joint if you ask me.  Not that it really would have mattered anyway since both the coffee and tea were cold by the time she brought the chunky brown stuff and cow juice.

Our first trip was also around Valentine's Day. I'm a pretty basic breakfast eater (pancakes, waffles, bacon, although I'm not into eggs or maple syrup) so I was excited to see "heart shaped waffles" on the special menu.  Unfortunately, this meant 2 regular circular waffles which they cut into triangles-not hearts-and I can only assume that they threw the edges in the garbage. This was depressing since there were literally 2 bites per triangular waffle chunk. All this for $9? You've got to be kidding me. When she put it down in front of me our whole table asked where the rest of my breakfast was.  The waitress was not amused and made no attempt to rectify the situation. No one was particularly thrilled with their meals and the bill was certainly not a bargain.

But, I'm all about second chances (with restaurants at least) so we attempted  breakfast there on another occasion just a couple of weeks ago.  This time we were joined by my boyfriends sister and her boyfriend.  After the 45 minute wait we were more than ready to eat.  Having experienced the last stint with the tea situation, I thought ahead and brought my own sugar (I'm a problem solver, I suppose you could say).  For breakfast I went for the pancakes, my boyfriend had the stuffed french toast and his sister and her boyfriend both had the eggs benedict.  The pancakes were diner style and quality, but with another hefty $7 price tag for 3 pancakes.  The berry compote and strawberries were good but in limited amount.  Luckily there was some extra floating around on the french toast plate for dipping.  While he enjoyed the french toast, Scott would definitely vote for Sabrina's over Green Eggs' any day.  The eggs benedict was so-so although the potatoes were admittedly good.  Overall another OK/Fair meal with another unfriendly waitress who forgot about us on more than one occasion.  The most frustrating occurrence was after she dropped the bill and, after waiting 10 minutes, we had to go inside and track her down to run our credit card.  :/
Needless to say we probably won't be back anytime soon.  Although they do say "third time's a charm" so who knows...
Came here to try the sausage gravy which maybe I should of just got a side of or asked for extra gravy for what comes on the kitchen sink meal which is a big heavy meal that I couldn't finish with my side of scrapple 

There was only a little but of gravy over the slightly dry biscuit and wish it was drowned in the gravy overall but I'd assume the rest is left uncovered so ppl can add ketchup over the eggs and potatoes.  Meal overall was decent but not amazing.  

The creme brulee coffee was good with a sugary top layer.   

Friendly staff and the food wait didn't take too long but I left wishing I ordered something else since this didn't satisfy my sausage gravy craving but at least I left full
The manager at this location in South Philly is a white guy with glasses.  He is racist and very condescending towards non whites. I watched his interactions with white patrons and clearly there was a double standard when it comes to accommodations. The food was good but the manager is a racist bigot!!!
I frequent Green Eggs. It was my first time at their Dickenson location. I'm not a huge fan of the staff here. 

My chicken and waffles was perfect. I asked for my biscuit and gravy dish to be served freely hot as I was once served very cool before at another location. It came out warm, no biggie, but the biscuits were hard as if they were stale.

Atmosphere was nice, but overall, I prefer the Center City location more. Their staff seem more down-to-earth.
I want to love this place, as it is one of about 3 places that I can walk to for brunch, but after my third visit I have to say that I am seriously disappointed.  They have a lot going for them- nice decor, a great little waiting area, and a great-sounding menu.  Every time I've been here the service has been very spotty.  On my last visit I ordered eggs benedict, which should be served with poached eggs.  The eggs on my dish were cooked hard so that the yolk was not runny at all.  I am not the type of person who regularly sends food back but this was unacceptable to me.  This is a classic dish and you would think that with a name like green eggs, they would be proficient in cooking eggs.  When I nicely told the waitress about the eggs she whisked them away but didn't apologize.  Moments later one of my dining companions discovered that her 'make-your-own-omelet' did not have 2 of the ingredients that she ordered.  Again the waitress took the omelet away but did not offer an apology.  Our meals did come back fairly quickly with properly poached eggs and the missing omelet ingredients this time but without the potatoes that came with the meals.  My friend was also charged an extra dollar for the cheese in her omelet which should have been included.  I can't believe that this place has up to 2 hour waits with this shoddy service and food that is just "meh."  I'd rather stay at home.
Once I had brunch at Estelle I became blind and indifferent to every other perfectly pleasant brunch option in Philadelphia. However, variety keeps things spicy so I was more than pleased when Green Eggs was suggested as a destination last weekend. 

The space is very bright and warm. Lot's of light and a good amount of seating. I think they utilized the space very well, especially the leather sofa waiting area with bar-stool seating. When you do have to wait it's nice to chat and not feel terribly awkward.

We did have to wait but only about 20 minutes which honestly isn't too bad on a Sunday morning in this city. The service was upbeat and attentive. I ordered a "make-your-own" omelette with egg whites, turkey bacon, white cheddar, and pico di gallo. My charming companion got some good-looking egg concoction on a pretzel roll (genius!). My orange juice was definitely freshly squeezed and they kept coming by to top off his coffee which was a nice plus. 

My eggs were standard and tasty. The ingredients were fresh and I really liked the potatos (especially with the addition of Siracha sauce). Nothing about any of this was particularly exciting but that's okay. Same with the menu - nothing stood out to me as earth-shaking, have to try. 

All this to say I will be back! While I'll keeping the repertoire diverse and fun with new places like this, Estelle will always have my true heart. 
I will
In the interest of full disclosure, I did go here on a Sunday during the brunch rush, so maybe they weren't at their best?

The wait was over an hour, which on a Sunday during brunch rush, OK, but the hostesses seemed to have empty tables that weren't getting occupied very quickly, so that was a bit annoying.

The pice is very reasonable, and the quantities are not skimpy.

The service is average, coming around a couple  of times but not necessarily attentive.

The food was just not that good to me.  I had the "kitchen sink" based on reviews and mine was basically a skillet of slop.  It was all put together in such a way I couldn't even find my eggs.  I think I might have been happier with another choice, but I'm probably not going back to find out...not because it was horrible, but just because I think there's better out there.
Went on a Sunday.   Even with reservations, we were standing and waiting for over an hour.  Staff seemed burnt out and unaccommodating. 
It was hard to decide what to get because most  of the menu looks good - but everything we ordered took forever, some was over cooked, and most came out cold.  Had a really hard time getting coffee refills, and no one got their (cold) toast til they were already finished with their meal.  
Definitely wouldn't recommend.
Just like the caption says when i pressed the one-star button: Eek! Methinks not!

Terrible service, rude, cold coffee, greasy meals and attitude from the manager when I complained about it.

Not worth it. Average food, overpriced and service with an attitude. Never again.
"Meh" is the best description for this place. The service is just thisside of inattentive which is ridiculous when the server to patron ratio is approximately 1:6. We waited 10 minutes for the check and then an additional 10 minutes for our change.

I ordered the breakfast burrito which was missing the chorizo and it was bland, bland, bland. I don't understand why so many people want to eat mediocre food.
What a shit show.

My boyfriend and I were excited to try Green Eggs Cafe after numerous friends saying how good the food was. Well, no one ever mentioned the service... And I can see why. We walked in and grabbed a seat at the counter after being told it'd be a 15 minute wait for a table-- we were hungry!! 

We each ordered a breakfast burrito. I, being a vegetarian, ordered mine with the vegan sausage rather than the chorizo that came in it normally. The waitress asked me if I wanted it totally vegan, I said no, just sub the vegan sausage- I don't eat meat. My boyfriend then ordered his burrito with bacon instead of chorizo (sausage makes him sick). She nodded and went to put our order in. 

When the burritos came out and were put in front of us, I asked the food runner which had the vegan sausage in it (obviously, so I didn't take a bite of my boyfriend's bacon burrito). He said, "oh, one was supposed to be vegan style?" I said "no, just with vegan sausage instead of chorizo.... " So he took mine away, saying it would take them a few minutes to remake it. I look down, and there is a side of something still sitting in front of me. I ask the waitress what it was and she didn't know. I smelled it and realized it was a side of vegan sausage. My boyfriend's burrito came out with the chorizo and a side of bacon. We told the waitress about it, and she dumbfoundedly looked at us and went to get the manager. 

The manager came over to us, and she and the server tried to understand our SUPER COMPLICATED order. They spent a few minutes basically trying to tell us that we were wrong in ordering. (a huge customer service no-no.) Getting frustrated, I said to her, "Clearly there was just a misunderstanding with the order. Can we just fix it please?" She then shot me a dirty look, cutting me off with "LET ME FINISH." So after a few more minutes of explaining how we wanted our burritos (one with vegan sausage, one with bacon-- really difficult, I know) -- she huffily took the remaining chorizo burrito and the two random sides away. 

When our burritos finally came out the right way, they were handed to us by the manager herself. She snippily said as she put them down, "Just to let you know, we don't make modifications like that here, but we did it for you this time." My eyebrows went up, as I recalled the "Vegan Option Available" symbol that appeared next to the burrito on the menu. "That's strange," I mumbled, to which she put her hands up, saying, "I'm just following policy." Strange, usually policies that strict in nature are mentioned somewhere on the menu, so innocent vegetarians and those with food allergies know to eat elsewhere. 

So, in a nutshell, if you're looking for a friendly neighborhood brunch spot, I suggest you try Cantina or POPE (on the weekends) --- the food there is just as good if not better, and at least at those spots you're treated like a friend, not an intruder. 

We will never go back to Green Eggs Cafe. I suggest you follow suit.
OMG this place is heavenly ! I gave it 4 starts only because we had to wait 40 minutes  to be seated. I understand we went on a weekend however the lady kept on pushing our time back. The wait was worth it though, the creme brule pancakes!!! it was amazing!!!!
I hate to leave this place a bad review but today's (07/12/202) experience was just so bad. 

I'd like to start with the good which is the food. When I go here the food have constantly been great. My go to is the chicken and waffle egg benedict. Previously, I've had the kitchen sink, creme brûlée french toast, tiramisu french toast and few of their coffee and smoothies; all have been amazing.

The bad, it's today's experience and service. We were a group of 5 and was told 40 minutes wait. After a bit of a wait, we thought that's a long time and was about to go somewhere else but before going we checked with again just to make sure again before leaving and the guy inside told us there is only 1 more group before us but behold, 3/4 groups ended up being seated before us. But this time we already waited so long so we decided to wait it out. 

A waiter took us to a table of 4 when there are 5 of us... One of the 4 seats was DIRTY -- he replaced it and grabbed another chair for the dirty chair and placed a 5th on the street side. My friend were originally hesitant to sit there but it was impossible to sit on the curb so we just went along with it.

Moments later a female server took our drink orders and then came back with our water without our smoothies maybe about 10-15 minutes later. She said the smoothies were coming and took the food order. Then smoothie came out not to long after.

Our food order took awhile to come out and as the waitress were giving us our food she told my friend that was sitting on the 5th chair that was on the road side that she can't sit there and it needed to be moved because she was getting yelled at by her boss that my friend was sitting there. We certainly did not grab the chair ourselves and put it there. We didn't want to get killed either, YOUR WAITER PUT IT THERE. Then the waitress proceeded to apologize and told us to just stay as is. When you though that the fiasco was over.

When one of us needed salt and asked one of the waiter/server for some; with a mean attitude he ask, "ok so anything else anyone want?!" One of us wanted butter for the toast but by that time we were just a bit scared to ask for some because he was mean and just ended up not eating the toast. 

With outdoor seating we are at the mercy of mother nature and it was hot outside. Instead of them making sure our water were filled, we kept on having to ask and it take at least 15 minutes each time.

When we were done eating the waitress asked if we needed a box and as we were waiting for the box the UMBRELLA that they placed behind the tables FELL OVER US and luckily missed us because 2 of us that were sitting at the chairs where they would have gotten hit stepped away to the bathroom. 

The waitress asked us if we were ok because we stood up and were shock and shaken, the waiter just looked at us talked to someone else and  fixed a different umbrella instead. The check then was places on our table, waitress walked away, the pole were still next to my chair on the ground and the umbrella were still up against a car/truck. The waiter then walked to retrieve umbrella said sorry, but it didn't feel like he was genuinely sorry, but well it's my job so I have to say it.

Luckily, none of us got hurt so we didn't need to file a lawsuit but it was still not handled properly. No one from management came out to apologize or say anything... actually no one came out after putting the bill on the table. 

We were waiting for our last glass of water to arrive and to place an order for to go but ABSOLUTELY NO ONE FOLLOWED UP with us. One us ended up going inside to place a to go order but what she saw was the waiter was sitting down and eating then and proceed to tell her that kitchen is closed so she can't place an order. IF OUR TABLE WERE PROPERLY TAKEN CARE OF THE ORDER WOULD NOT HAVE BEEN LATE.

THE WHOLE SERVICE EXPERIENCE WAS AWFUL. OUR WHOLE SIDE BONDED OVER HOW BAD SERVICE WAS. A TABLE WAITED SO LONG FOR WATER AND DRINKsS, THEY WENT INSIDE TO GET THEIR OWN... ANOTHER TABLE TOLD US, THEY DIDN'T EVEN PAY YET AND THEY WERE ASKED IF THEY NEEDED CHANGE. 

AGAIN, WE ALMOST GOT HURT FROM THE ESTABLISHMENT AND NO MANAGEMENT CAME OUT TO SAY ANYTHING. AFTER ALL THAT WE HAD TO WALK OUR CHECK TO THEM?!

Lets just say for now. I won't be eating there again. I probably won't suggest anyone to eat there for a bit until they get their act together.

With the amount of frustration, bad service and the shock of their umbrella falling over our head and didn't see the sight of management apologizing we really didn't want to tip them but there was not a choice because they included it in our total bill. Maybe that's how they can get away with bad service, tips are already guaranteed -- no choice on the customers end. 

2 stars are for the food because I never had bad food from them, even with to-go orders and the previous mediocre-good service. It's a shame this time the service was so bad.
Pros:
- If you have a large group, they will let you make a reservation
- Nice waiting area
- Food is awesome- I loved my lox benedict with grits- I know people compare this to Sabrinas and I think both are really good but their menus are pretty different

Cons:
- Long wait on weekends
- Drinks are pricey- $3 for cup of coffee or OJ. 
- Restaurant gets super busy and we had to ask for extra silverware and stuff multiple times before they brought it
- They don't accept credit cards- seriously with 4 locations, they need to get with the times and get a credit card machine

Ok so I listed more cons than pros but the food is that good that I have to give it 4 stars.
My friends and I absolutely love Green Eggs. We loved it so much we threw a bridal shower there. Something small and intimate for the bride, bridesmaids and a few friends. They catered to our needs and was very nice with offering us the back room. Food was good as usual. 

Although I'm not huge on sweets in the morning nor breakfast, I tend to crave Green Eggs rather often. It's a cozy restaurant with natural maplewood & green earthy decor. With a plant that sits on each table, it makes you feel right at home. 

I must suggest the 'Red Velvet pancakes' if you have a sweet tooth (definitely shareable between 2 ppl), the 'Kitchen Sink' which is served in a skillet, if you love breakfast and want a little bit of everything (potatoes, cheese, biscuits, gravy, sausage & eggs). I typically don't like sandwiches but craved one and tried the 'Cafe' BLT' and loved it! The thick cut bacon is always good but the maple dijon made the sandwich. I also like the 'Fig & Prosciutto" salad but the last time I had it, the arugula wasn't the freshest so I guess that's a hit or miss. I've tried most of the menu but the first 3 are my favorites.

Tips: 
Cash Only.
BYOB- I suggest prosecco!!
Portions are ginormous so consider sharing or family style.
Avoid the short blond waitress, not very attentive, friendly or fast.
Go either early, before 11am to avoid long wait time.
You can count on Green Eggs Cafe to be open on a holiday when you're in need of some good brunch food- which exactly the situation my friends and I found ourselves in on Monday.

There was a five minute wait to seat the 3 of us (just after 10am). This was my first time sitting in the small area in the back, and while it was cozy, being so close to a bathroom could have been a disaster on a different day, lol. 

Daniel was our server- he was very upbeat & funny, and was able to answer all of our questions about the options we were considering.

I had the Chicken & Waffles Benedict, which was very tasty. We all ended up getting a Benedict dish of some kind or other, and were all happy with our choices!
For atliens  this is a 2 thumbs up with their cash only policy. It's also a local chain with two other locations and a neighborhood clientele. This is my only time and it didn't leave me wanting more. Now I made the mistake of ordering shrimp and grits from an East Coast restaurant.  Now all over the east coast there seems to be a renaissance of sorts of southern food... bourbon with the dotted line next to a biscuit, bacon ham mac and cheese, bbq. Unfortunately most of it is not done well .  Green egg proves my point.  Listen shrimp and grits with a tomato sauce my East Coast friends is not shrimp and grits. That's jambalaya.  Shrimp and grits is creamy.  Its not hard to do..cream butter salt pepper. Tomatoes are not in shrimp and grits.

This location has a lot of two seater tables so if you have more than two people in your party be prepared to wait on the weekends at least. We waited a solid hour.

The biscuits and gravy were unremarkable.
Second time here..i had the red velvet pancakes..great but i could of did without the cream filling in between them which is very heavy and i didnt understand the chocolate chip in the pancakes..i got my eggs over easy but they are cooked in oil so i didnt like that and they we're oddly wet. The scrapple I assume is homemade and its tasteless, I would of preferred the one from the package. My husband got the shrimp and grits skillet..he absolutely loved it. He did not favor the chicken sage sausage, which is also homemade..we expected links or patties? But it was a blob of blah...not appealin and it does not taste of sage or anything for that matter. Nutella latte taste like a regular latte nothing special, the peanut butter cup latte taste just like the nutella one..basic..and it wasn't hot. I didn't find out that the chocolate whip cream was out until i figured she made the wrong latte. It would been nice to find that out upon first ordering. It's pretty weird sitting at the counter. The waiters walk by back and forth with the most unpleasant looks on there face..usually when you lock eyes with someone you shoot a pleasant eye and smirk..but nope they looked liked they were thinking of a master plan to end the world..Idk it was kinda creepy...but all in all Chelsea was a good waiter. But she didn't ask me or my husband was we satified during our meal nor when my husband gave back the sausage that practically was the entire piece and didnt want to take it home same with my scrapple. I would go back. My first time was good..this time was ok maybe the third is the charm.
Whenever I am in Philly, I visit this restaurant location.  This has been my departing routine for the past couple of years.  Typically, my experience is top notch!  This visit with my friends and family were scarred by one of the most curt waitresses I have ever had the displeasure of meeting, Jade.  Her passive aggressive communication and absence of professionalism was more than offensive.  Her behavior ruined everyone's experience.  While the manager, Jorge apologized profusely and corrected a mishap with our food, she was not the least bit remorseful.  Quite frankly she could have cared less!  Mind you, she went out of her way to ignore our table before any feedback was given.  Needless to say, I will not be patronizing this location or business again.  I refuse to subject myself to disrespect when I am spending my hard earned money with the expectation I will receive the service I paid for.
Best breakfast in Philly, period.  Yes, I've tried them all.

The crème brulee French toast is life changing.  The omelets are some of the best you'll ever have, all ingredients are super fresh.  The coffee selection is awesome - espresso, cappuccino, Café Americano are all excellent.

I live 45 minutes outside the city and I'm here at least once per month. Its that good.  

Only downside, there's a pretty long wait on the weekends, so get there early for a quick seating.

Also - make sure you go to the Dickinson location.  I've been to the one on 13th and it's a mere mortal by comparison...
Mmmmm I love this place!!!! Everything is reasonably priced, they always have yummy specials, and I love that they send you a text message when your table is ready. The food is consistent and really good!! I have to try the "kitchen sink" which seems to be the ultimate breakfast served in a skillet. 
Order the cheesy grits for the table...you won't regret it!!!!
This is a great breakfast and brunch place in South Philly! I enjoyed everything the two times I have come but there is room for improvement to make it a 5 start spot. The food is great but the service is inconsistent. 

I recommend these as my favorite dishes: 
Shrimp and Grits 
Crab Cake Benedict (go for the potatoes with peppers and onions on the side!) 
Lox and Bagel Plater 
Chicken sausage side 

The only con was the long wait for a table if you don't have a large party. I went with just one other person once and waited over 40 minutes for a table but we had the best service and a wonderful meal. 

I returned and was with a large group of 6 people so we were able to make a reservation but we still waited about 10 minutes for them to set our table. No big deal waiting but the service was way off that time. It took so long to just get re-fills of water.  Both visits were on a Sunday afternoon but the first time I was there was much more enjoyable! I guess it really was worth the wait in that case.
I definitely prefer the South Philly Green Eggs Cafe to the Washington Square West location. The service was SO much friendlier (& I didn't mind the tattooed Hottie McHotterson host who kept smiling at me one bit).

This may also be an upgrade because the Vegan French Toast SO much better than the Vegan Chicken Cheesesteak that I ordered at the other location. And the Hashbrowns w/ Rosemary, YUMMY!

The portion size was almost too much for me, but I ate it all anyway! My only gripe is that we paid $15 for a small carafe of orange juice. Yes, it was freshly squeezed, & yes, we can accept that that price might include a corking fee for our Prosecco, but it still seems a little excessive.

All in all, a great brunch. I'd go back!
Disgusting...rude...unprofessional...slop...
I guess it was my fault for ordering shrimp and grits but i didn't expect for them to serve me slop. When I complained about it the waitress looked like a deer in headlights...talk about dumb..,she had to get the manager who informed me of course i could get it made differently but I had to pay for both. Huh? Really...you serve me slop and i have to pay for your incompetent dish. Wait he had the nerve to ask me if I wanted to take it home. So I sat there and ate nothing while the rest of my party had their breakfast. I already knew in my head there was no way i was paying for food i didn't eat so i asked to look at the menu again....$12.00 shrimp and grits...perfect cause the tip on $58.38 would have been $12.00 even swap....meanwhile they were so rude the waitress never even came back to our table she sent someone else. For the first time ever i left exact change $58.38 there was no way the were getting a tip out of me.  How could a manager/owner leave a customer so unhappy and not give a shit. I will never spend my money here again. I hate to even give it one star.
Location: 1306 Dickinson St., Philadelphia, PA
Waiter: Josh
Date: October 18, 2020

My friends and I went to the Green Eggs Cafe at the South Philly location for brunch; however the service was so awful and discriminatory that we ended up leaving without getting food. 

First, we got seated at 12:45 but a waiter did not attend to us until 1:20pm. Thus, our order did not get taken for a full 35 minutes and our table did not receive any refreshments/water during this time. That is unacceptable. Furthermore, when our waiter finally gave us water, he threw down the straws on the table and walked away as if he were mad to be serving us. This was very unsettling because the staff was openly displaying unprofessional behavior. He then left and didn't return until 1:50pm to ask us to repeat our orders because he had not yet placed it. Thus, we waited a full 30 minutes just to be told that our food was not even in the process of being cooked. We were so frustrated we decided to leave without getting food because the waiter obviously was ignoring our table. When we told him to just bring us the check in order to pay for our drinks, he became very irritated with us so we went to talk with the hostess. We asked the hostess to bring the manager but she totally ignored us and brought back the waiter who continued to be very rude to us. It's also important to note that my friends and I were one of the first people to arrive for brunch, yet we were not even served while other incoming people got their orders before us. Although I wish it not to be, I am sure our table was discriminated against because we were a party that consisted only of women of color and we were the only ones that had a bad experience with the staff at that time.

This was my first time going to Green Eggs Cafe and this experience was so disappointing and upsetting that I will not be coming to this establishment again. I will also be informing all the people in my social network to not dine here in order to warn them from visiting an establishment that treats its customers poorly and makes them feel less than human.
Not sure why I've always had better luck with food selections here than the 13th & Spruce location - where I feel the food I've had was generally more heavy and sloppily made, despite the upgrade in interior design since the first time I was there. 

The South Philly location, however, was pleasant all around. I came here for Saturday brunch, but the wait was not too bad (20-30mins). They have a separate coffee counter, so you can sip a warm caffeinated beverage and talk to your neighbors while waiting in line for your table. 

As always, the menu is pretty impressive, with many options to accommodate various diets. The specials that day were especially enticing. It was hard to choose, but I ended up going with their "Lambwich" which was tender and flavorful braised lamb shoulder inside toasted ciabatta bread, topped with arugula, shredded carrots, raisin jam, and harissa aioli sauce. It came with a side salad that could feed an entire adult, which made me really happy about the healthy vs. unhealthy ratio of this meal. We also had the steak and eggs (3 any style), which was really good and came with marinated spinach and a side of fruit. 

I would come back again and again to repeat this very same experience.
So it's Saturday morning and my Fiancee would like to go out for breakfast and I had a craving for pancakes. Fiancee says, Green Eggs ? I say no, then had a thought.. Fiancee says I know who has great pancakes. I say stop...I do too and i'm thinking the same thing, Cantina ?  yes, lets go.  Well, we take the walk and find they aren't open 'till 10 am, it was 9:30 am. I sigh and knowing Green Eggs is good, i'm still not a fan do to the treatment I got a few years ago. I also don't like their philosophy about "if the food comes out the way intended, it can't be returned" otherwise you can send it back but will still have to pay for it. 

I reluctantly take the walk to Green Eggs. Surprisingly we were there early enough for it to be a 10 minute wait but even better, there were open spots at the bar and we sat.

My fiancee orders the vegan ginger snap french toast and I get the Lone star benedict. Food comes out in a timely manner. We also order the coffee which was well made and is La Colombe coffee. The french toast was overwhelming a lot and really tasty, not overly sweet. The Lone Star with eggs benedict on toasted brioche and steak strips was really good and flavorful, It's a special that needs to be an everyday choice. 

I give this place 3 stars due to the treatment I received the first time and their written philosophy that is placed on every table. To me it says two things.
                #1 They take pride in their food and are so confident you will like it that if it comes out they way they intend it to, it will not be replaced and you have to still pay for it.
                #2 It says to me they do not care about customer service. 

If something isn't to your liking I believe it should be fixed to please the costumer, without the costumer you don't have a business. Not everyone is going to be satisfied and it puts a bad taste in their mouth that the person is forced to eat it or pay for that meal plus another towards something they like. I can't imagine how many people have been through this.

Yes the food is good, but will always be a back-up, not a priority or a first choice for me and still to this day, I do not nor ever will recommend this place verbally.
I actually love the food here and would have gave it five stars but our waitress was extremely rude. We ordered a latte and got 3/4 a cup of milk foam. We told the waitress that this was a cappucino not a latte and she said she is not a barista and didnt make the drink. Anyone who knows anything about coffee drinks knows a latte as a thin layer of foam not 3/4 of cup of it. Since she didnt make the drink she should have apologized and made the barista make it again. Im not a demanding person but in the service industry the buck stops with you as the waiter. On top of that i had to pay this person who gave me shitty service a 18% grat. Ohhh I get it now you dont give fuck about us because you get tipped anyway. Well I guess this is my last time going here.
Soooooo goodddd. Green Eggs Cafe never disappoints, I was in the mood for some delicious brunch but didn't feel like exploring or checking out a new brunch place I've never been before in Philly, so we decided on Green Eggs. The atmosphere here is great, not too loud, and they dont overpack the restaurant with tables either. Wait time at this one is reasonable and not too long, as long as you're not coming with a big group.
I came here today with my sister and a friend of ours. The food was delicious! We had both the Tiramisu and Crème Brûlée French Toast, as well as the Chicken & Waffles Benedict and the Steak & Eggs. Everything was fantastic, the food came out quickly, and the portions were very generous. I would give this place five stars, however, I had a few problems with the other areas of this restaurant.

The wait was extremely long, but I didn't lower my rating for that, as I understand that it is unpredictable when other customers will finish their meals. However, the service that we received was anything but outstanding. The girl who served our table needed to change her attitude. She wasn't rude or anything, but she definitely could have been more pleasant. I ordered a hot chocolate from her shortly after our table ordered our food, but it came out after our food had arrived. I'm pretty sure she forgot about it because when she brought it out, it wasn't even hot. She checked up on our table about two more times, but her attitude made it seem like she did not want to be there. We all agreed that her service was very unwelcoming.

The other complaint I have is about the cleanliness of this place. There were spots all over my fork and knife, which is a problem that easily could have been solved if their employees had polished their utensils properly. There was also a piece of onion stuck on my hot chocolate mug.

I really like going to this place, but I think they need to either hire new servers or talk to them about how to treat customers. That, and they really need to have them pay attention to dirty dishes!
Came here last Sunday with QUITE the raging hangover after my 30th bday celebrations.  It was 5 people looking for a table at 1 in the afternoon, so we were hopeless, but luckily happened upon this place and it had plenty of tables open.

It's super cute inside and has a nice lounge area in the lobby to sit by the fire if you're waiting a while for a table. 

Food came out hot and very quick! Me and one other got the egg/shortrib/cheesy hashbrown medley with sides of homefries (loved all the rapid fire questions about options/upgrades here: poached eggs or scrambled? rosemary homefries or pepper & onion?). I opted for the poached egg with that amazing hollandaise and the pepper & onion homefries side. It was as massive and amazing a hangover cure one can get (it's not the huevos rancheros from The Dutch, but it came close). Yolky eggs, succulent shortrib, addicting cheesy hashbrown crisp underneath, plethora of homefries. I was so full, I boxed most of it for leftovers.

Other guests got the lox omelette, the shrimp and grits and the kitchen sink. All loved their meals and then some. We all got tropical smoothies to get those much-needed vitamins. Also tasty and refreshing AF.

There were some shortcomings in the service. Hostess, server and foodrunner were passably affable, but that was about it. In general, that area felt lacking as far as sense of urgency went. Maybe they were hungover, too. In which case, saaaame girl. I totally get it. But the many requests for Diet Coke went unheard or unnoticed. A few bites into my meal, I wanted a side of rye toast to dip in the yolk, which I didn't get until I was ready to box said meal, despite gentle reminders.

Overall, we lucked out on seating, as I hear this place has mad brunch waits, so I'd definitely come back to try everything else on that menu.
I will never give this restaurant my money again!  All I wanted was blueberry pancakes...after waiting nearly 25 minutes for our breakfast on a not so busy morning, I was told by my waitress that they were not able to make my blueberry pancakes because she was just informed by the kitchen that they were out. While I was disappointed that it took 25 minutes to tell me this... I asked the waitress if I could please see the menu so I could decide what I wanted to replace it with. 2 minutes later, while still looking at the menu, my wife's pancakes and bacon and "my" pancakes and bacon came out. I asked if these were blueberry and they were not, but for some reason they brought them to me anyway. The waitress then came back and saw no problem with this, so I asked to see her manager....here is where the real problem comes. This pompous prick (Nick) comes over to me and tells me that I am to either eat my pancakes that they gave me or I can get out. I was blown away... I could tell he wanted me to leave at this point, so I stayed. If I wasn't running the broad st run the next day and craving some pancakes, I probably would have left. With so many great places to get brunch in the neighborhood (Sabrinas, Porto, Chhaya..etc) no need to go back...
We loved this place and went regularly until the Mr. received his usual vegan breakfast burrito with real sausage in it. Mistakes definitely happen and we're pretty understanding, but when we brought it to the manager's attention, he reacted  combatively, and without even looking at it, proceeded to tell my husband that he was wrong and that it definitely was not real meat. 

Previously, we dined here at least twice per month and enjoyed their veg options (the aforementioned, along with french toast) and really good coffee.
The review is for the tiramisu French toast. It has two slices of brioche bread, not too thick without thin layer of mascarpone. It's served with lady fingers soaked in coffee topped with pieces of coffee beans. Everything blends nicely and it's very delicious.

If you are ordering takeout you can place your order with the barista
I usually don't write reviews unless it's is absolutely phenomenal or absolutely horrible. Here we go...

1. The service was terrible, the host and manager need customer service training ASAP
2. Our party of four waited an hour for our food while others were served 
3. The manager gave us a trash excuse and was extremely defensive- he gave my friend half done hollandaise sauce to be spiteful 
4. he did offer a percentage off but we had to but in the most condensing way possible 

I will NEVER EVER eat at this place again, but THANK YOU to the server Daniel for making our experience not completely horrid. Back to the original Greens Eggs we go
There are so many amazing brunch places in Philly that it's challenging to try them all.  Green Eggs is one we can permanently cross off the list.  We came in with high expectations and left feeling like gluttonous pigs, and not in a satisfied way.

The space is great, things were clean, and the service was friendly.  They take the team approach for service, which I normally like, but being asked if it was our first time, if we'd like water, and would we like to order three times by three different people over three minutes time span was a bit strange.

My first thought on the menu was, "Hmm, seems a bit pricy even by fancy brunch standards."  We ordered the Mexican Breakfast and the Red Velvet Pancakes.  The Mexican Breakfast was fine, but nothing special.  It reminded me of bagged coleslaw mix sautéed with some peppers and onions with two slightly greasy corn cakes and three eggs on top...finished off with some bland cream that was supposed to be avocado.  It needed salt, pepper and hot sauce.  Disappointing for a $14 price tag.

The red velvet pancakes seemed like a joke at first.  A massive platter of red cake that had to weigh at least 2-3 pounds.  I've never seen anything like it.  Unfortunately, it was bland, heavy, and lacking the promised strawberries.  When you serve a three pound pancake dish, it would be nice to have more than four slices of strawberries.  

There are far better options for brunch at much more reasonable prices in close proximity.
Turning 31, I expressed to my girlfriend that I wanted to do something a bit more low-key with my friends. Brunch it was!

We reserved a table for 10. My girlfriend called the day before and the morning-of to confirm the reservation. We arrived at 1:30pm on the dot, and were informed that they had us mistakenly marked down for 6. 

So the 10 of us, including two children, had to wait 45 minutes to get seated into a table that was really meant for 8 in the back room. The kids had to sit with the bathroom door at their backs and had to frequently shift their chairs for people to use it. 

The food was great, portions were huge, but having to wait so long when we had a confirmed reservation really soured my view of this place.
I have always wanted to try this place out after hearing friends rave about it - so last Sunday, the hubby and I went over for breakfast.  

The place was much bigger than I thought and it was pretty packed.  We did get seated right away which I was happy about because I was starving.  

We were greeted by a not-so-friendly server who seemed bothered.  I ordered a latte and the tofu scramble.  The hubby got coffee and the peanut butter French Toast.  

The portions were huge and the food was delicious!  I would have enjoyed my trip here more had the server been nicer.  We actually  had 2 servers - the other one we had was sweet and made us feel welcomed - unlike the other server.  When it came to tipping, the hubby and I agreed to just leave a 15% tip.  I am usually a very generous tipper, but the one server did not deserve anything higher.  I then realized that her and the other server shared tips and handed the nice server an extra couple of dollars.  

So, all in all, the food was great - but the blonde server could use a lesson on how to make patrons feel welcome.
I expected better.

The food is good, but the crowds are significant, the service is spotty, parking is a nightmare, and if one has the misfortune of being relegated to the (poorly lit, speaker-less, cramped, badly ventilated) back room the experience is most definitely in the 2-star range.
Full disclosure: The cafe owner is my landlord, and I was invited to a complimentary tasting the week before the restaurant opened. I'm not actually sure how Yelp's ethics rules apply in my case.

Anyway, I've been here once as a paying customer since then and I wasn't disappointed. I had the waffles, which were excellent. My favorite part was that they had real maple syrup. A lot of places serve "maple syrup" that's really just flavored corn syrup. The service was decent. My only complaint was that the orange juice portions seemed awfully small, but the prices are reasonable overall.
Part of me feels like i shouldnt post this, and instead let the shaky 3 star reviews scare people off, but i like the place too much to do that.

the food here is just wonderful. french toast is sweet and amazing, no matter if you get the stuffed, creme brulee, or peanut butter, theyre all awesome.. the quinoa porridge is such a delicious creative dish, and the grits are freaking absurd. their chai tea is amazing, the breakfast burrito is massssive and great, the kitchen sink could feed a small army, the pancakes are so light and simple, the tofu scramble is fluffy and i dont normally even like tofu.....should i continue? to anyone who doesnt think this place can stack up to black and brew (a great place, but just doesnt come close to this) or even sabrinas, needs to compare the places dish for dish. sabrinas may give you 3 times the amount of food you need for a meal, but that doesnt make it better at all. Green Eggs is just simply more pleasant and enjoyable.

And to all of the people so obsessed with the service, let me just say this: go to a place within the first few months of existence, and they might not have the server situation all figured out yet, so deal with it. its one of the intangibles that are hardest to control. (ive personally had wonderful service every time ive been there anyways). also, if you go to a place on sunday brunch like everyone else does, guess what, your experience there wont be as enjoyable as on a weekday.

So seriously, do yourself a favor: take a day off from work, head over to Green Eggs, relax, enjoy the natural sunlight, and eat at the best spot for breakfast/brunch in south philly.
This place is right around the corner from my house and I SOOOO wanted to hate it. This is rough and tumble South Philly, man. Who does this place think it is? With its interesting menu, cute sign in a clean modern font and inviting decor... I knew something had to be off! The prices! Wait, no... they too are pretty impressive.

All in all, I have to say there isn't one thing to hate about this place. From the menu to mission statement everything is tied up in a neat little organic bow ready for you to enjoy.

My boyfriend enjoyed the Kitchen Sink - the WHOLE Kitchen Sink to which the bus boy exclaimed, "I've never actually seen anyone finish that." To which the BF smiled and passed out due to brunch overload. 

I enjoyed the trio of Kobe beef sliders and side salad. Loved the Shiitake mushroom and Quail egg sliders, but felt the bleu cheese and bacon to be pedestrian compared to the flavors of the first two. The salad was a perfect tangy complement to the burgers. 

We went around 10:30 on a Sunday and had about a 25 minute wait. When we left about 45 minutes later, the line was MUCH longer. 

Only giving 4 stars because it was hard to get refills on coffee and water.
Moving next just down the street I arrived at Green Eggs Café just after 8am and with a pair of tables already filled I was greeted by my hostess/server Erica, a smiling young lady who seemed to be running the front of the house solo that morning and seated near a window I perused the menu only to find at least three items that sounded great, but a daily special on the chalkboard that sounded even better.  Offered water and coffee I gladly accepted both and with free Wi-Fi I decided to pull out my laptop when I was told my order would take "about twenty to thirty minutes." 

A lovely space with a lot of regulars coming in for breakfast even on a weekday morning I sat and sipped a bold (and copiously refilled) mug of fair trade yirgacheffe as I caught up on the previous night's NHL playoff action and just as promised my breakfast arrived in twenty minutes -  a mountain of carbohydrates entitled "Cherry Garcia Stuffed French Toast" featuring an astounding array of toppings including Chocolate Morsels, Cream Cheese , Vanilla Custard, Cherry Syrup, melted Ice Cream Sauce, Chantilly Cream, Bing Cherries, and Chocolate Chips all atop buttery brioche with a "drizzle" of pure maple syrup.  Not for the faint of heart (or small of stomach) this was every bit the sort of breakfast I dream of when on vacation and although not QUITE the best French Toast I've ever had, a strong contender for top 5 as the golden crust and custard interior stood up admirably to the plethoric toppings; each bite a new and delicious composition of flavors.  

With three locations in Philadelphia (and unfortunately none here in Phoenix) Green Eggs Café definitely goes on the "to be revisited" list, ideally next time with others in order to sample more of the menu.
I. CAN'T. EVEN.

My friend and I walked from Center City to here and back on Monday, the blussteriest day of the year, and although my feet were frozen, my face chapped, and my hair like a lioness in the jungle, it was worth it and I would do it every day. 

Let's talk for a second about pork belly benedict, which is what we both had. Pork belly, poached eggs, and gorgonzola sauce on top of an english muffin? I'm in. Every single bite was savored like it was a crown jewel. I would have licked my plate, but Emily Post calls foul on that! 

My friend also ordered a side of bacon, which was the best bacon I've had in Philadelphia.  I don't know why, but the flavor is insane and the texture is crumbly and crispy and warm all at the same time.

They also offer a " buy a carafe of orange juice for $30 and get a 'free' bottle of prosecco" situation, which totally gave us brunch buzz, which is the best kind.

I love that they offer a variety of hot sauces, because I happen to love hot sauce on everything. I do not love that you have to ASK for Splenda. Yes, I like fake sugar in my coffee, I am not apologizing...even though the waitstaff kind of give you a look when you ask for it, like "Oh our organic lumped sugar is not good enough for you?" 


My advice? GO NOW. But bring your own sweetnlow.
I've been a big fan of brunch in the past year or so but, as a suburbanite, it's difficult for me to get downtown to try all the frequently talked about brunch spots.
I finally got to try out Green Eggs this weekend and I'm so happy I did. Good lord, I'd make the move to South Philly just so I could eat at this place every weekend.

The portions are GIGANTIC. I boxed more than half of mine to take home and ate the rest over lunch AND dinner.

I ordered The Kitchen Sink ($11) which is eggs, potatoes, peppers, onions, sausage gravy and a massive biscuit. The biscuit was buttery and the sausage gravy was some of the best I've ever had (and I used to live in the South, so that's saying a lot). It was so flavorful and had substantial chunks of actual sausage, not just sausage flavor. The whole concoction was cooked to perfection in a cast iron skillet in which it was served. Nice touch.

My friend ordered steak and eggs which easily could have fed both of us, along with a biscuit and gravy a la carte ($4).

I hear seating can be rough here, but we arrived shortly after 8 am and were seated immediately. It's so worth getting your ass out of bed and soothing your hangover early.
Portions are generous, little fee for your recycle-able to go containers. 45 minute wat around noon on a Sunday. Shrimp n grits Benedict, gulf shrimp, stone ground grits with aged cheddar and toast points topped with two poached eggs and Vermont cheddar sauce. Rather light on the shrimp, there may have been four. The eggs were poached perfectly, grits a great consistency, toast points were crisp and buttery. 
Stuffed French toast- brioche slices stuffed with fresh berries, ricotta cheese topped with chantilly cream, fresh berry compote and blackberry coulis, Ricotta had a very smooth texture, tall and delicious. 
Breakfast burrito -habanero tortilla w eggs, corn, house made pork chirizo, potato, peppers and onions, tex mex  cheese topped w pico de gallo, sour cream, avocado, whole black beans, and fire roasted red pepper black bean sauce. Seemingly absence of chorizo. The rest of the mess was delicious. 
Lobster and crab frittata-butter poached lobster, lump crab meat, fresh tomato, chive, traditional frittata batter, triple creme brie, old bay hollandaise. Delicious, good mix of seafood stood out. Cooked well through out. 
They were pretty busy, we saw four or five different faces at our table, they were pretty timely, it was loud, we needed to ask repetitively for straws, ketchup etc.
Let me place you in the mood I was in when I walked into Green Eggs. I was hung over, not your normal, a mild headache hung over, I was "how did i get out of bed and why am I supposed to be upright, and most importantly, who drove us here b/c i dont think it was me" hung over. Alright, you got it? that's how I felt. 

Upon walking up to GE it's pretty obvious just how new this place looks. Even though it's situated on a corner in south philly, it really stands out as different from it's counterparts. Walking inside we noticed there was outside seating available but it was like crazy hot so we couldn't do that. When we came in we were greeted by the hostess who informed us there was a 20 minute wait. Seeing as I could barely move, we said that was fine and took to sitting down and waiting in their lovely waiting area. There's a counter you can sit at over here too and it's very nice with cute tiling work. The wait area has two large modern leather couches and some nice light fixtures and I believe hardwood floor.

After a brief wait (less than they speculated) we were seated in the main dining area. The main dining area isn't like life changing its just nice wood tables and chairs, but the windows make the lighting great (although a bit bright for my hang over at the time- sunglasses stayed in place). The waitress was friendly even though I sat debating how my stomach would react to a coffee. And helpful when we had questions. The service area where all the coffee etc comes from has the same nice tiling that the counter top in the other room had which created a nice flow.

I opted for a Short Stack of pancakes with fruit compote and some scrambled eggs. I am not a pancake person, I should let you know that up front. I believe my hang over was what was motivating me for something plain, yet hearty. The pancakes were gorgeous. Like they looked like cake- a real hearty awesome fluffy batter. The fruit compote was also great. The scrambled eggs were a bit dry. but I needed some protein so let's not complain. my friend had south Philly Eggs benedict. pretzel roll. pork loin cut thin. cream cheese. hollandaise sauce. It was simply irresistible. really it was fantastic. and it didn't make me sick- also a big win.

There were a lot of different kinds of people here, which I like to see in a restaurant, families, hipsters, old south philly couples, which to me means the place definitely has draw. I like it a lot, and will definitely be going back in the future. 

Did I mention they have like 3 different kinds of french toast on the menu + a french toast on special- that is a lot of FT my friends and definitely worth the trip!
I went there for breakfast on sunday morning.. By morning I mean super early as I get.
Since its in the neighborhood, takes time to find park. 
I had chicken waffle while my hubby had steak and egg. The roasted potatoes left a pretty good impression on me, I'm a picky eater when it comes to potato.. especial roasted one. 
It was different experience since the foods were local grown or something like that.
Foods were pretty decent, but we love the beverages choice: bon bon coffee and nutella latte.

Come back for more? yes. I will try different food next time I visit.
I have mixed feelings about this place.  I love that they serve breakfast -- a rarity in this neighborhood.   I appreciate the effort put into making the menu more interesting than most brekfast places and  enjoyed the food, although the eggs benedict and the bacon were a bit too salty.

The decor is inviting and comfortable.  

The service, however, was the second  most dreadful I have experienced in Philadelphia (Lucky 13 continues to hold the title).  Our server simply could not multi-task.  She could not even manage to bring two cups of coffee at once.  We had to ask for cream repeatedly over a 20 minute period.  After we gave up asking, she came up and asked if we wanted cream.  

She also forgot to put in our entire order, and we had to remind her of the items she forgot.  At another point she came to the table to ask if we needed anything, when we responded affirmatively, she waved a figure at us, told us to wait, and rushed to take an order at a table she had been ignoring.

I'll be back for the food and location, but hope the service can improve.  If not, the place will suffer.
I had been wanting to go back to Green Eggs for brunch since I had stopped by a few months ago. Based on the croissant I had tried that day, I was concerned the food would just be MEH, and after our brunch visit, I'm not convinced it wasn't. Was that too many double negatives? Heh, I guess you could say, I'm undecided about this place, and I most definitely wasn't blown away. 

WHAT WE ATE
*Breakfast Burrito: 
On the menu, they actually list all of the MANY ingredients that are in the burrito and I was very excited about this. It sounded hearty and I thought the olives and corn would be nice additions. What they don't tell you is that the "signature potato" includes huge pieces of red and green bell peppers. Which, in my hatred of that wretched vegetable, immediately makes me go EWWWWWW. 

Okay okay okay, I know that not many people agree with the EWWW assessment of bell peppers, but whatever your take on it is, it's undeniably a strong and very distinctive flavor. So, I'm sure for those folks that LIKE them, they add great flavor dimensions to dishes, but for those of us that really have a strong aversion to them, it taints the entire dish. ESPECIALLY, when they sneak up on you, like they did in the breakfast burritos. And, btw, the signature potatoes are in other dishes as well, so diner beware.  I want to say that if it hadn't been for the bell pepper sneak attack, I would have enjoyed this more. But then again, P didn't really love it either and he digs bell peppers. 

*The kitchen sink
If I had to break this down, I'd say the presentation definitely rocks, but the food itself was okay. The eggs and cheese part were pretty yummy - well cooked, but once again, the bell pepper factor in the potato mixture came into play here. JJP hates bell peppers as much as I do, so again, too much sneak attack pepper taste. The sausage pieces were great. If anything, I wished there were a bit more of them throughout - but hey, isn't that always true? The biscuits weren't buttery at all, so my guess is they bake these on-site just for this particular dish. Probs dry alone, but as part of this particular dish, they were really good. 
The REASON they were really good, however, is because of the decadent, creamy, savory sausage gravy..... mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. The three of us were scooping this gravy up like it was soup. Wow, I realize that sounds gross, but it was really so good. Super rich, but not overly salty or overwhelmingly heavy. Without a doubt, this gravy makes/saves this dish.

*Stone Ground Grits
The grits were cooked well enough, but was too cheese heavy. It is surprising that I say that, but I would guess they used shredded cheddar mixed into the grits, and the result was that it thickened the grits too much. The grits, while they tasted okay, were too dense and thick and piece-y - almost lumpy - and that's not what you want. At least, that's not what I want.
In a city full of cool brunch spots, Green Eggs stands apart with a very inventive menu. I enjoyed tropical french toast which was more of a dessert type situation. There are lots of other breakfast dishes that look inventive and delicious that I'm looking forward to trying.
The only reason I'm not giving five starts is the scrapple.  I'm used to my scrapple being decimated into a delicious fried unidentifiable mush.  Ignorance is bliss type of thing. But Green Eggs scrapple is not mushed nearly enough for my liking.  I was able to identify numerous types of connective tissue from the inside of my scrapple, which made me want to vomit. I didn't eat any and haven't eaten any since from anywhere else. 
Despite this horror show I'll definitely go back for more dessert breakfast hybrids.
Walked here on a beautiful Saturday morn to eat some vittles and enjoyed a leisurely brunch. It's only a 3 star right now because the food didn't quite meet all the hype but I think my expectations may have been a bit too bloated.

Ambiance: A breath of fresh air to put it succinctly. It's a clean and open space that gleams in a mix of modern but comfortable. I just felt at ease during my entire meal. Not the usual hustle and bustle of too close chairs and tables here! 

Service: Really accommodating especially for the large group I toted in with. Waited for 30 minutes but I enjoyed my wait as they had outside tables & inside couches where you could lounge with coffee while perusing through the citypaper. They were efficient and helpful with all of our requests. Never felt hurried or neglected despite being in a room apart. Definite plus.

Food: This was where Green Eggs lost me a bit. I had heard the kitchen sink was the cat's pajamas. And I'm a sucker for southern comfort food and anything drowned in gravy/butter/fat. But it didn't quite meet my expectations - maybe not enough flavor or salt or sausage? I got a tired of eating it halfway through... which rarely happens... Nice big portions for a nice price point though. My eating compatriots that ordered the breakfast burrito had the much better choice in my opinion! The chorizo added a nice zing that exuded itself through the huge wealth of the burrito's contents. When I come back, I'll be hollering at this monster of a burrito. Also if you like sweet brunch items their French Toast was big & beautiful. 

Drinks: An array of juices (though not fresh squeezed on location - it is brought in from local orchards) and I liked their concept of being able to order juice/coffee while you wait for your table.

Overall - it was a good experience and I look forward to eating here again with hopefully more savory memories.
this place is horrible the service sucks , the manager is  condescending towards people of color which leads me to think he's racist. I could not get proper seating for a party of 7 .
When I asked the manager was entirely to loud and nasty talking towards me and afterwards  he had the nerve to talk bad about us to our waitress before she even greeted us , so this caused her to be unfriendly towards us. After carefully observing the managers interactions with other guest I determined that he was in fact bias.
This is my goto for brunch. There are several other Green Eggs in the city, but this one is one of my favorites for the convenient location, relative ease of finding parking, and gorgeous indoor seating. They have options to satisfy any taste buds. My girlfriend, her family, and I ended up coming for brunch based on recommendation and they still talk about how good this place was. Their red velvet pancakes are the size of small sheet pans stacked on top of each other. The avocado toast was piled high with roasted red peppers, arugula, and avocado. The butter pecan french toast was just as delicious as it was picturesque. The french toast was spongey and covered with pecans and mascarpone cheese. The buffalo mac and cheese was a mountain of cheese, buffalo chicken, and blue cheese. I personally think the blue cheese took away from the dish more than it added, but overall the dish was delicious. I highly recommend this place, and will continue to bring my out of town friends!
I had heard about this place via Thrillist  because of it's 'eco-friendly' stamp of approval & was really excited to check it out. When we got inside, there was no hostess podium (is this a new trend?) only a take out counter all the way in the back where I asked if we could get a seat. The place is big, and was almost completely empty except for like 15 employees/friends lounging around the back area, not sure what thats all about. It was also really quiet with the exception of a quiet TV (music anyone??).When we got our drinks & silverwear it was sort of grimy. Soap scum on the glasses & tableware ehh.. turn off.

Beside that, The food was great! I got eggs Benedict & my friend got the orange goat cheese salad. I'll give this place the benefit of the doubt since it just opened up but come on.
This place is totally legit. Almost perfect!

Huge, amazing menu with tons of great brunch options. Full lunch offered too. Healthy plates make an appearance for sure with a whole area designated to salads and vegan options, and then there are meals labeled "The Kitchen Sink" or "Chicken and Waffles with a million and one add-ons". You get the idea. Total cult-following.

Cheap, inexpensive, and the orders came out quick. 

-1 star for the irritation in our hostess' attitude when our table of 6 changed to a table of 7. They were planning on pushing two tables together anyway that easily sat 8, yet she was a total B about it and told us the wait would be another 30 mins. This is only after we asked her "How long will the new wait be?" and she responds, "I don't know." When your first interaction with someone is them being awful, it can easily make you not want to ever return. Rude. 

Other than that girl though, I think this place is top-f'n-notch. All other servers were sweet, knowledgeable, and on top of things. So many delicious meals were eaten this day and with prices like theirs, it really makes it hard not to want to eat here everyday.
I don't usually give 5-stars to a place I've only been to once, but since I know I'll be going back and will likely be impressed again, they're getting all my stars! One thing that drives me crazy about brunch lately is the wait time and the exorbitant prices. That being said, there are ways to avoid both, so I expect most places to recognize that and make amends. 

Green Eggs Cafe seems to have found a happy medium by offering a bar service (which most diners have- get a clue people!) to those who don't care if they have a table setting. They also have a, gasp, waiting area with couches and a tv. Insanity! The place was bigger than most hot-spots, too, so eat your heart out Sabrina!

I found their menu refreshing. If I'm going to pay $$, I better not be able to recreate this dish at home. I usually get eggs benedict or juevos rancheros or an egg dish, but when my eyes settled on peanut butter crunchy french toast, I put the menu down and tried to keep my heart from beating out of my chest!! Yes, please! I also ordered a side of bacon and although I ordered it crispy, it was late and not crispy. I should have ordered the chorizo because it was very tasty and in a patty form. The best I've had in quite a while, and I love chorizo!

There were a bunch of other things I wanted to try. My friend got the grilled cheese & tomato soup, along with a cup of hot chocolate- all of which I want to try. Also, the fried oyster po'boy, corned beef reuben benedict (sweet Jesus!), vegan shephard's pie....seriously, worth the wait.
Upon first entering the Cafe, there's a cozy lounge area complete with faux fireplace which leads to the counter.  I imagine if GEC ever gets super busy a la Sabrina's, there the possibility of loading up that area with tables.  I enjoyed the decor overall...the colors are all found in nature, which totally appeals to me.  The cafeteria-style dining room felt huge but cozy.  

Food was delicious!  I ordered the stuffed french toast, and I, as I say when I consume food quickly, HOUSED it.  It was enough to fill but not over-fill me on this extremely cold day in winter.  It was stuffed with blueberries and cream which I'd love to somehow incorporate into a future wedding plan...jrg ordered the pancakes, which he described as "good", but he didn't house it.  He wanted them to be fluffier...however, he indulged in the excellent slab bacon, cook rare, just as he likes it, without his request.  He also ordered the potato side which I helped him finish because they were perfectly seasoned.  YUM!

We'll definitely go back to see how this fledgling business in our 'hood with a stated commitment to using local ingredients and other eco-friendly practices grows...
To ring in the New Year morning right before heading out for some Mummers craziness a friend and I decided to try Green Eggs for a brunch that was suitable for the first bite of 2013. And it turned out to be one that delivered in epic proportions.

I've known about Green Eggs for years, and have savored plenty of impressive bites from it at events like Flavors of the Avenue, but with rarely being up during the brunching hour and soooo many other spots on my to hit list, it ended up sitting on the backburner. But when my friend suggested a South Philly brunch spot to kick of our journey I couldn't think of a better destination. and I'm glad that I did since it gave me plenty of time to take in strong coffee from La Colombe, a chill dining space with interesting local artworks and satisfying service.

Perusing such an EGGcelent menu that was fully loaded with incredible sounding Benedicts (Pork belly! Shrimp & grits! Chicken & Waffles! Woohoo!). sweet french toast variations like tiramisu and creme brulee, an impressive breakfast burrito, and a stacked lineup of sides; meant that I had no freaking clue what to order! But as I read through the menu there were two words that continued to echo off in the back of my mind - KITCHEN SINK!!! because three scrambled eggs, home fries, peppers & onions, cheese, a homemade JUMBO biscuit, and sausage gravy all tossed into one cast iron skillet just sounded like the perfect taste of decadence to usher in a new year. And while It may have ended up being the only meal I enjoyed that day (it was large enough for 3 servings!), I loved every moment of its homecooked goodness!

While I definitely plan to go a different route by enjoying something that isn't as freaking huge and omnipresent, I definitely have Green Eggs on the map as a spot to come back to and enjoy again.
I went with my friends after hearing about this place for a while now.  It was during the lunch rush so there was a little bit of a wait, but they had some comfortable couches with a foot rest to put your feet up.  

When we got seated we were served quickly by two very friendly servers. I ordered the Short-rib Benedict, which came  with deliciously poached eggs over a cheddar tot pancake. The rosemary potatoes were also to die for.  I hated myself for eating the whole thing, but it was worth it. 

My friends got the Chicken and Waffles Benedict. I'm not a big fan of fried chicken so I didn't get that, but I was pleasantly surprised to see that it wasn't overly breaded or fried.   I will be getting that next time for sure!
Oh. My. God. Breakfast here is to die for. Everything was on point!! Red velvet pancakes, chicken and waffles and steak and eggs. Plus our waiter was awesome. Two thumbs up!!
I found out about this place on Foursquare after a friend of mine went.  It's way off the usual path for Philly brunch, but well worth the trip.  If you're craving traditional brunch, creative twists, and you're hungry as a horse, this is the perfect place to go.  And BRING CASH (they don't take cards).

We decided to bypass the wait (40 mins at 12:30 on a Sunday for 2) by sitting at the counter.  Looking at the menu, everything looked fantastic, and I couldn't decide on what to get.  The BF opted for the Creme Brûlée French Toast, and I eventually went with the Kitchen Sink (although I was really really hard pressed between that and the Steak and Eggs).  When the food arrived, it looked larger than life.  Seriously, the portions here are enormous, and we could have probably split one dish.  But upon diving into my oversized skillet of scrambled eggs, potatoes, onions, peppers, biscuits and gravy, my mouth and stomach were immediately sated.  Everything was delicious and savory.  I had a small side of sriracha with my food just in case the eggs and veggies needed an extra kick, but no hot sauce was necessary.  This dish stood well on its own.  As for his breakfast, the French Toast tasted EXACTLY like the flavor it was cooked to emulate on the menu.  That's the sign of good brunch.

I'll agree with the other reviewers that the service could use some work, and that's probably my only negative.  Otherwise, this is definitely a welcome addition to Philly's brunch repertoire, and absolutely worth the long waits (although the counter is a great option for those who don't mind and aren't coming with a big group).  I'm so full I don't think I can eat for the rest of the day.
I'm so happy that Green Eggs Cafe opened in my neighborhood.  This is the closest thing so far in Philly to the cafes I loved in Seattle.  Only time will tell how the neighborhood receives it.  There is definitely potential to be a 7 day option and not just weekend brunch.

So far food has impressed.  Items like grilled cheese, grits, chicken salad, bagels are exactly what you'd expect.  Portions are large and prices reflect this.  I've gone twice and seems like half the folks order the Kitchen Sink (multiple breakfast items cooked together and served on a skillet) and can only finish half of it.

Espresso is unpretensious and fairly priced but slightly burned in my two americanas.  I hope they work that out.  Expect to be asked "How do you take your coffee?"  Cane sugar arrives in brown cubes.

Service is brisk and friendly.  On a slow afternoon, staff was chill and relaxed.  Cozy, relaxed neighborhood cafe.  Leave your attitude at the door.

Likely won't become a destination like Morning Glory or Sabrina's (this is a good thing) Green Eggs is a welcome addition to South Philly.
Fearing long lines, we bunny-hopped out of the house early for our annual Easter brunch at Green Eggs. Our plan succeeded and we snagged two seats at the granite counter. There we ordered our traditional holiday French Toast: Ricotta stuffed French Toast for my fiance and Creme Brulee French Toast for me. The Creme Brulee French Toast was monumentally delicious, and I particularly adored the contrast between the slightly tart berry compote and the silky smooth creme Anglaise drizzle. Sufficiently rich and filling that half of the order came home with me to enjoy later. I surmise that my fiance's French Toast was equally delicious inasmuch as he virtually wordlessly inhaled it :-). BTW, Green Eggs also makes a mighty fine cup of La Colombe coffee. Truly worth the pilgrimage to South Philly or No. Libs.  Hey Green Eggs people, we need one of your outposts up here in Lower Bucks County!
