There aren't many sit-down breakfast options in Midtown during the week, so Green Eggs fills that need quite nicely. It isn't my favorite brunch spot, but on weekdays when there's no wait, it's a solid option. On weekends, expect lines on lines. It's one of those brunch factory-type places, with huge portions that people go crazy over. I get that people dig that, but it's not really my scene. 

I recently enjoyed an eggs benedict with a healthy side of breakfast potatoes (on a weekday, naturally). You get a choice of a couple different potato styles, and I chose the one with peppers and onions, which I liked a lot. The coffee is La Colombe, which I love, but it tasted burnt. 

The restaurant is cash only, which is not convenient, though there is an ATM on site. I'll be back if in the area and craving breakfast, but if I have extra time and other options I'd likely choose elsewhere.
Well, Hello Green Eggs! I must admit that you are a charming lil' spot for breakfast! 

This is truly not your typical normal breakfast diner. This is a legit true gourmet experience where one is experiencing unexpected flavors blended into delicious breakfast choices! for instance, the Red Velvet Pancakes, or how about that Crème Brulee French Toast. Like one of my Yelpers stated to me, "Now, THAT'S what you call a French toast!" I mean this place really knows how to make food look SEXY! 

Although I didn't see any green eggs on the menu, I sure was peeping your Crab Cake Benedicts and OH MA GOSH were they delicious! I am seriously on to this place and the unbelievable breakfast that originates from here! 

Quick helpful tip: Arrive early as soon as they open, they get busy pretty quickly! Even if you have to wait, the breakfast is worth the wait. 

This was my first breakfast in Philly and I was truly impressed. To all my Instagram lovers: Get those phones ready! The breakfast that comes out of this kitchen is PICTURE PERFECT! Everything from the Red Velvet Pancakes to the Crème Brulee French Toast; DAMN! Their breakfast dishes are all Instar-worthy!! The portion sizes are great...matter of fact, they are gigantic--prepare yourself! Listen up foodies- you will certainly not leave hungry.  

*Make sure to watch your step upon walking into the dining area (it'll getcha')

Breakfast was fuckin' delicious. Food comes out shortly after your order. They do their best to get you in and out. My server was not only cute and efficient, but she also made sure she continuously checked up on me-- big shout out to Melissa! The service here is definitely A1! 

**CASH ONLY-although they have an ATM in the dining room area.

For my first breakfast in Philly, this place definitely didn't disappoint! I'll recommend to ANYONE!

ENJOY!
Thanks Yelp! With your help, the boss and I found a phenomenal breakfast in Center City.

Huge portions of freshly cooked up delicious breakfast and brunch fare, with very reasonable prices, and gorgeous and friendly staff.

5 Stars after only one visit, because who knows when I'll be in Philly again, and breakfast was bomb. 

HOWEVER, that's 5-Stars with Serious Caveats:

NO CHANGES - This place is NOT kosher/vegan/celiac friendly. My boss *hates* goat cheese, but we learned from the waitress that there are NO CHANGES. You can't even ask for the cheese to be left off the salad. She apologized, acknowledged that the kitchen staff were ridiculous, and made us promise we weren't mad at her (we weren't). When she asked if we had any food allergies, the boss joked, "yeah, goat cheese!" but that ship had already sailed. He was able to push the goat cheese off to the side of the plate. The kitchen's inability to leave an ingredient out makes it hard to eat here for anybody with food restrictions.

There was a 30+ minute wait when we got there for a 9am weekday breakfast, and the crowd was even bigger when we left. We had time to wait and the service was quick, but this is not the right place to come in a hurry. 
Pro tip: While you're waiting, hit up the bar-and-takeout-counter by the back-door to get a hot mug of coffee and a bloody mary with bacon.

Avoid the back corner. The hostess first seated us at a long table in the far back corner, next to an open back door. It was cramped and uncomfortably drafty. We requested to be re-seated and she was quickly able to accommodate us. 

Cash only. They have an on-site ATM.
No doubt, Green Eggs Café on South 13th Street is someone's idea of paradise.  Full up at 3 in the afternoon, with a 30 minute wait for a table (or, restrooms), there was nary an empty seat in the house.  The sidewalk was crowded with more people waiting their entry into Valhalla. It's not that the staff wasn't friendly and accommodating, it was just that unless you were totally committed to having brunch on this corner, and had the rest of the day to make your way inside, you might have considered the practical and humane limits of participating in this exercise in mass impulse run amok. Rather than the gates of green heaven, it felt more like Dante's purgatory on an empty stomach. 

The promised thirty soon became 45, without realistic estimate of when a table would be available.  We were welcome to wait with name on list, and add to the aura of the last ship to sail before the invasion, but to do so meant that the rest of the day was shot, and the cost of parking would become exponentially higher; making this a very expensive meal indeed.

It just wasn't worth it. 

So, we ordered a couple of joes to go, and once received, took our leave.  They were very good, and I imagine that used as a washdown for red velvet pancakes or some other overwrought sweet platter, would do quite nicely.  

Can't hold success against the establishment, but neither do we have to suffer its consequences without reservation.
Easily one of my favorite brunch places while in Philly! Cash only but don't let that stop you from coming out and enjoying really great food! If you're coming with a large table, I would make sure you're all there so you can be properly seated. Def order the pitcher of mimosas for the whole table-- so good! 

Even for a small place, it doesn't feel like it's too crowded. I would recommend getting the French toast because not only is it put together so nicely (so "instagramable" but it's also delicious and full of flavor and sweetness. 

There is always a bit of a wait here so keep that in mind. If you're ever in the Philly area, make sure to check this place out. Grab a bite to eat and then walk around the downtown area for some run.
Green Eggs Cafe is a wonderful place to get breakfast IF you have a ton of cash and aren't with acquaintances/people you aren't comfortable doing ONE bill with. 

I'll get the negatives out of the way first, no matter how amazing the service and food there are two huge inconveniences here that are avoidable. 

1) Cash ONLY. Now if they had an old POS system it would make sense, but they clearly can take cards and they choose not to. On top of this, there are no big cash only signs, they're printed small on the menus and no one informed us. I honestly feel like they do this because they know people will turn away if they advertise it. 

It's kind of obvious because once you sit down and have ordered THEN you're told they have an ATM machine. Which broke when we were there, and you know what the manager told us? He said 'well there's one not too far from here, but we absolutely absolutely cannot take cash'. Yeah, like a bunch of us want to walk in 20 degree snowing weather to go get you money because your system doesn't work? It's a bit annoying that they cut corners like this to probably avoid credit card fees and what not. 

2) You can't split bills. Why...? On top of not being able to take card one person has to cover the ENTIRE bill, which means if you all decide to pull cash out you're automatically paying extra money in the fees for their ATM. This was very annoying. When I asked the server from a business standpoint how they do this he told me they inform groups of this beforehand. Guess he didn't consider us a group? 

I'll move onto the positive, which there are a lot. The food is pretty good and it's presented eloquently and in a way that you want to take photos. I appreciate the attention to detail that's given to their meals. 

I've had a handful of things from my two visits here. The cookie dough french toast is amazing, so is the kitchen sink and their drinks. And their take on a PSL is actually pretty interesting, very sweet though. It's almost equal parts coffee and condensed milk with pumpkin spice flavoring. But worth trying just for the fun of it. But if you're not big on sweet drinks then I'd pass.

I've had the kitchen sink twice now, once sampling from a friend and another when I got it myself and I enjoy it. It's a nice savory dish, with biscuits and gravy that were cooked well. 

Both my girlfriends enjoyed their food when we were here. It's a nice place for breakfast with big windows that allow you to look out onto a nice mural if you get lucky enough to get a window seat, or if you're there stupid early and request it. 

Still a place I love in Philly for breakfast, just hate the inconveniences that come with the place.
Sam's friend wouldn't eat green eggs and ham, but I would. The hostess at the counter at my hotel recommended "Green Eggs Café" to get some breakfast. I never argue with anyone who says "trust me, I'm from Philly!" I immediately asked for directions and after a quick walk up the street, arrived at the restaurant. The place was crowded and busy. You walk in and the hostess takes your name down. Than you wait to be called. The people before my table must have left. They called them three times and no one came. So lucky me the wait wasn't long. Inside, the place isn't visually impressive, but what was cooking was. The waitress was amazing. She was all over service even though the place was busy. Makes me think why other people use that excuse when I'm in other restaurants. Also surprising was how quick they made our food. It was hot and fresh, but being so busy I thought there would be a wait. Honestly, I would have waited a hour to get that food. It was so good, no time could have made me leave. The food was on point and special. I definitely would come back. The only knock against them is they are cash only. Other than that, this is my Philadelphia breakfast stop. I hope you decided to check it out.
One of my favorite places for brunch! Everything on the menu is so delicious. The portion sizes are also pretty big and I always leave really full and content! 

The wait is pretty long on weekends, so I suggest going during the weekday a bit before or after lunch hours to avoid the long wait. Also it'll help to go during non-busy hours to have the waitress check up on your table often. Or else it's a bit hard to get their attention because this place is so poppin!

Also, they are CASH ONLY!
When you're in Philly this is the only place to get breakfast, I say that because most breakfast is the same where ever you go.... Eggs, Pancakes, Waffles, etc. But at Green Eggs Cafe they have made an Art and have a Flair for doing breakfast their way. A knock your socks off kind of choices you won't find being done like this. 
I had the pleasure of trying their Short Rib Eggs Benedict with a choice of either potato's with Rosemary or peppers & onions... I chose the latter. The short ribs were to die for, melt in your mouth good. Instead of using an English Muffin to build this delicious delight, they make their own mini potato cake and build up from there. Amazing artisan French Toast creations... Blueberry Pie, Apple Pie, Pecan Pie, Banana Split Crunch, and so many others. They are known for their Red Velvet Pancakes, that I did not try this time, but gives me reason to return. Our waiter Kevin was the best, made sure we had everything we needed and kept the coffee flowing. Everything about this place is the best, and a must to go to for breakfast when in Philly.
I am more than satisfied with Green Eggs Cafe, and it's safe to say I'm a fan. I am sad I didn't make it in when they were BYOB. Being breakfast is my favorite meal, I was super excited to visit after stalking all of the pictures. I first visited after staying at a nearby hotel for my fiancé's birthday breakfast. We visited again a couple of weeks later with a couple of picky people, putting Green Eggs to an unspoken challenge.

Some of the items we have tried:

-The chicken and waffles has all the discriptors of a perfect meal - sweet, spicy, crunchy, fluffy, heavenly.
-Kitchen sink - if you love savory breakfast items like I do look no further. Potatoes, onions, peppers, sausage and buscuits all smothered in a creamy savory gravy.
-Red velvet pancakes- I am not a fan of sweet breakfast items but I HAD to have these, even if just once. It tasted like red velvet cake batter cooked into pancakes filled with sweet cream and chocolate chips and topped with fresh homemade whipped cream and strawberries. The stuff dreams are made of!!!
-creme brulee french toast - large topped with whipped creme and fresh fruit. Sweet yet fresh.
- thick cut bacon...yummmm. Thick, salty, crunchy goodness.
-silver dollar pancakes - fluffy, fluffy, and fluffy!
- MUST get a carafe of mimosas

Do yourself a favor and RUN here. But if that is not an option, there is a parking lot across the street $25, parking garages close by for a more reasonable $15 during Saturday AM anyway, and the Patco 12-13th and Locust stop literally across the street. We arrived around 10ish on Saturday morning and were quoted 25-35 minutes but only waited 25. Around 11am I can imagine the wait was more than an hour. We walked over to the bar and grabbed a cut of tea, nice quality teas by the way. No reservations and no call aheads, which sucks. Atleast  text people when their table is ready. We were told we could go to the bar for drinks yet the hostess didn't come looking for people at the bar, they only went outside. Seriously think about it Green eggs. Very reasonably priced considering portions, mostly all entrees under $14. 

Cash only, obviously. They remind you when you call, when you are seated, before you order, and maybe even before you use the restroom. Thanks, I get it you ONLY accept cash lol.
Breakfast at Green Eggs is a stressful and confusing experience. I'll admit I was excited about the new location in midtown village when I saw the Green Eggs sign go up. The food at Green Eggs is really good and I was looking forward to adding them to my line up. However after my first visit I was quickly reminded why I don't go to Green Eggs Cafe and why I don't think I'll be back anytime soon. 

First off they have too many rules. One of the rules and regulations is that they do not allow breakfast sandwiches while you are dining inside. Egg and cheese on a croissant is one of my favorite things to get for breakfast but when I tried to order one the waitress informed me that sandwiches are only available to go. I'm assuming this rule is in place because the price for a sandwich is less than an entree and they want tables check averages to be high. I'm not trying to be a cheapskate I just happen to love eating breakfast sandwiches indoors. Regardless of the reason this rule is absolutely ridiculous. Never in my life have I encountered such nickel-and-diming from a restaurant. Also the last thing you want to hear as a guest is no, and trust me you'll hear a lot of nos at Green Eggs. 

Green Eggs Cafe is byob cash only, but without the reasonable prices usually associated with that mantra. But don't worry, you can always get cash from the strip club style ATM they have glowing in the corner of the dining room...so tacky. It's 2012, we are paying for things with our phones now! Paying the $2.00 ATM fee was the icing on the pancakes for me, no thanks Green Eggs.
When you have family or friends visiting, this is the perfect breakfast spot to go to! Or if you live around, it's a great place to go nonetheless. It's got unique plates that are not only aesthetically beautiful but also so delicious! My friends and I had: 
- the kitchen sink (huge portion, with an array of foods, potatoes, peppers, scrambled eggs, sausages, biscuit, and gravy)
- the red velvet pancakes (must-try in that the pancakes are crisp and flavorful, but maybe ask for less cream cheese between the pancakes because that made it too sweet so none of us could really finish it; or get the kid-size)
- the breakfast burrito, which was huge
- the crab mac & cheese (better than you can imagine)

Overall, it was an overfilling meal. Delicious, but maybe with 4 people, we should've ordered less. Still, no regrets. It was a wonderful experience. I look forward to coming here again. But one closing tip: cash only, so come prepared.
Another 5 star restaurant during my Philadelphia food tour. My friend wanted to go to another brunch place but thank heavens I found this on yelp. Thank you Philadelphia Yelpers for paving my way to Green Eggs Café. The name reminded me of a vegan place but it was far from it. BIG portions of delectable finger-licking breakfast items. Omg, I was in heaven. 

Few things: they don't take reservations or call aheads so be prepared to wait. Our wait was 30 mins but it was so worth it. Also, it's a CASH ONLY establishment. There's a ATM machine inside which was a nice touch and there's a $1 fee added to the withdraw. Their drinks were ok, i didn't care for the Bloody Mary or Klaus (Prosecco). 

For entrees, we shared The Kitchen Sink and Pina Colada French Toast. The kitchen sink was enormous, we couldn't finish it. 3 eggs scrambled with sausage crumble, gruyere cheese, potatoes hash. Topped with jumbo biscuits, and country style pork sausage gravy, who would say no to that. 

PINA COLADA FRENCH TOAST!! PINA COLADA FRENCH TOAST!!! PINA COLADA FRENCH TOAST!!!!! OMG, it was sooo good! Tasted like dessert, i would go to Philadelphia just to savor another bite. 

Overall, mind blown! Fantastic place, I'll be coming back very soon.
This place is better than your typical brunch place. You can get scrambled eggs and some rye bread here, but why not just make that for yourself at home, kid?? I love brunch places that have specials that are inventive. When I went on Sunday they had Pizelle French Toast-- word to the wise you have to like the flavor of anise (licorice) to enjoy that special, but it was definitely done well if you like that flavor. You're better off ordering the red velvet pancakes which are the size of my afro (re: large).

I had the burrito which was also HUGE. I think it would have been better if they cut the vegetables up more finely-- I was eating like huge chunks of lightly sautéed onions which is always sort of awkward (for my boyfriend who finds watching me tear through food terrifying). 
My two guys friends ordered the kitchen sink which came with this white gravy that was delicious! And you can get it on the side, but I thought the amount served was perfect. My two dudes who I've seen devour steak and eggs for breakfast were bent over pounding their fists crying uncle.

In general the food here was good with a lot of options on the menu but the amount is definitely American-sized. So come with an appetite or better yet, come split something with a friend or a lover and have a cheaper but filling and interesting breakfast.
I have been here a couple times and each time I have left with a bad taste in my mouth...both metaphorically and literally. I really didn't flinch when we were told the wait would be around 45 minutes when we arrived for Sunday Brunch. What did bother me was the fact that we stood there waiting to put our name in while the two hostesses were chatting up friends that happened to walk by the stand. Literally we stood there awkwardly hovering as they talked about their previous night's escapades-- it wasn't until they hugged their friends good bye that they turned to acknowledge us. 

While the food may be decent ( I will get more to that later...) the management at Green Eggs certainly don't believe in any sort of customer service. It took 15 minutes for a server to come over and get our order. As I was perusing the menu I noticed in fine print that there is a "take out container fee." Granted it's only 25 cents per container but REALLY? I have to pay extra to take home food that I already paid for.

 Luckily my meal was so bad, I didn't have to worry about the quarter fee. I went with the special pork cutlet sandwich. The bread and sauce was good but the pork was served a tad on the pink side. After waiting 30 minutes for our food to come out I was hesitant to send it back..then I saw sitting on our table a letter informing customers that under no circumstance will an item be taken off the bill regardless if there was an error in preparation. It said we could send it back and they would re prepare it. 

Come on Green Eggs...you clearly are making bank- here what with your line around the corner, your cash only policy and quarter surcharge for to-go containers. You REFUSE to EVER take something off a bill if you mess up?! 

Needless to say I didn't send it back because I didn't really feel like waiting for them to re-cook it and I knew I would have to pay for it anyways. I did eat the homemade kettle chips which were unevenly cooked, with some downright raw potatoes. My husband had the chicken and waffles benedict. While he said it was good it doesn't hold a candle to Silk City's chicken and waffles. 

All in all I will not be back to Green Eggs...and I recommend you avoid as well.
This place is the definition of OVERRATED!!!

I don't care how good your food is, it doesn't give you the excuse for HORRIBLE service!!! 

First off we waited for over an hr to be seated - but OK, Sunday brunch wait is typical for philly so this wasn't a big deal . However, with how rude the hostess was,  you would have thought they were serving gold dusted French toast with Caviar helicoptered in to order!!!  

We eventually got seated, ordered our meal from their sad little menu. One of the ladies in our group ordered the chicken and waffles, which comes with poached eggs. She asked for the eggs to be on the side... DRAMA... The waiter said that this is "not allowed"... We were so floored that we asked to speak to the manager in an effort to reason logically. The manager came and had a fit! I wish I had recorded the conversation but honestly we were all in shock! Because she wanted eggs on the side!!!? Really? You would have thought we were asking him to close down the kitchen! He then informed us that if we don't want it exactly as it's plated, we can leave! ... So we did!  Went to Sabrina's, had an amazing brunch!

Worst of all, our other friends who ate there earlier said the food was "just OK". 

Get over yourself! 

If you don't mind eating in a rude, disorganized atmosphere, with "just OK food" - go here. 

If not, there are a million amazing brunch places in Philly, highly recommend Sabrina's and Honey
Great smoothies and good breakfast spot!  Carry cash and get the red velvet pancakes!!
We rounded the corner and saw a crowd of people hovering around in front of Green Eggs Cafe. Although the sight was disappointing, I took it as a good sign regarding our selected breakfast spot. Thankfully, the wait was only between 15-20 min before we were seated inside (a few outdoor tables available, although directly in the morning sun).

First off, the breakfast menu is one of a kind, especially for someone with a sweet tooth like me...Crème Brulee French Toast, Tiramisu French Toast, Apple Pie French Toast and of course, the Red Velvet Pancakes, which after much debate, was my final decision. They also have various Eggs Benedict and skillet dishes too to offset a complete sugar overload.

Okay, so the pancakes...sweet baby Jesus was this a huge plate! I thought it advisable for two waiters to carry it out to the table to share the load and, thus avoid potential hernia surgery. Three massive, red pancakes with chocolate morsels and layered with strawberry mascarpone and topped with strawberries was beyond anything I've seen before. After I picked my jaw up off the table, I dug in, hoping for the best. However, I barely made it halfway through it before surrendering my fork and knife and crying uncle. 

So delicious, so sweet, but just too much to handle in one sitting, at least for me. And that's saying something! GEC, you win this round, but this is not over. 'Til next time...

Note: Cash only with ATM on-site.
Awful service. AWFUL SERVICE. If I could give a 2.5 I would. However, the food saves them, barely. 

I've worked in the service industry and this was one of the handful of times I've ever been so disgusted with my service that I left my server a tip showing as much. My one regret is not speaking to management about how crappy his service was. Back in the day I would have been quick to call a person out- grad school must have tired me out. 

My food was good, admittedly. The service ruined the majority of the experience, but my food was delicious. The red velvet pancakes that my friend had were okay, not amazing. I could probably make better so I wouldn't suggest anyone going out of their way to come here for that.

However, the Kitchen Sink is off the hook. It was very very delicious and savory- my favorite type of breakfast. I will warn you that you will not be able to eat all of it. It's actually perfect to share with 2. I honestly was only able to eat a 1/4 of it before packing it to go. And the leftovers where just as good. Also, I ordered the Stone Ground Grits and the taste and texture of the grits, combined with the deliciously crispy scrapple was the best way to finish off a deliciously savory breakfast. Even as a leftover, as I couldn't finish that either, it was great. 

The service was the biggest turnoff for me. The server we had didn't even deserve the $1 tip we left. He only came to take our orders and didn't even deliver the food. One of the kitchen hands did. He also failed to ever refill our coffee cups, check on us and if everything was ok with our food, or comeback until we literally had to get another waiter to get him to come over to give us our bill. At one point we watched him walk past our table, though he failed to ever make eye contact though we basically went through the motions of trying to catch his attention, and had time to make himself an iced coffee, though he couldn't find time to give us any coffee refills. 

The food was their only saving grace- and I can go to other Green Eggs for that.
I had to try this place out for breakfast. I heard amazing things about it, so here goes nothing with me trying to make sense of it all.

First off, good thing I came in right as it opened. The masses throng in, in droves, so a wait is to be expected after 10 am. Do not take this warning lightly.

I got myself the Apple Pie French Toast, and it is big and amazing! Super fresh, super delicious. Sadly, it is a diabetics worst nightmare. It was really sweet so thankfully I had to go walk most of this off. But it was so worth it for the experience. The prices were fair too, as well as the service.

My picture pretty much sums it up as to what is in it, so you get the best idea.

Again, go and eat here. But get here early.
Listen. I have not found french toast this amazing anywhere in Philadelphia as of yet. The gluttony we participated in while eating here is sinful but was sooooo delicious. We had the short rib benedict (awesome), creme brulee french toast (awesome), apple pie french toast (awesome) and cajun crab mac and cheese (less awesome, a bit too salty..still yummy-ish). Between the two of us, we could not finish all of this food, obviously. So hesitantly, I took the leftover french toast to-go. I had it the next day....STILL AWESOME! Only downside, cash only (be prepared) and the line was to eternity but whatever. Will. Be. Back. For sure!
Before I even arrived in Philadelphia I knew I would be eating at Green Eggs Cafe. Even when we arrived I didn't care that we had to wait for a table because all the food I saw looked AMAZING! If you find yourself here make sure you get the Red Velvet Pancakes.
Horrible management: Poor take out experience today.  They accidentally took down an order wrong and had to wait an additional 10 min for them to fix.  By the time I got back all the other food was cold except for the one they remade since they made a mistake.  Paid 40 bucks for cold food (bacon, mac and cheese, creme brûlée French toast). Ok, Well... more like 36 since the remade red velvet pancakes were fine. Cold bacon? French toast is stiff and had hardened. Mac and cheese had partially solidified and was no longer creamy. Plus, this stuff isn't as good reheated.  

I've gotten take out before and it was never an issue. Oh and this mixer-fixer upper was indeed handled by the manager.
Green Eggs and ham Sam I am lol but I had the steak and eggs and the portions were huge. I washed it down with some good mimosas. Life is good.
Came here around 9am on a Saturday and there was a 15 minute wait before we were able to be seated, so we just took a stroll around the block before the hostess was able to seat us.

Our server was very friendly and tentative to us. She was also very helpful with making recommendations and was very knowledgeable about each dish we asked about.

I got the Kitchen Sink which consisted of three eggs scrambled with sausage crumbles, gruyere cheese, potatoes, peppers, onions, jumbo biscuit, in a cast iron skillet. It also came with a sausage gravy which I opted to have on the side instead of on top. I ended up packing half of it with me as it's very filling. My gf got the Chicken and Waffles Benedict which consisted of 6oz southern fried chicken breast, two poached eggs, served on a buttermilk waffle half topped with maple syrup and hot sauce hollandaise. The best part of was probably the chicken as it sat on  top of the waffle and made it soggy. I also got a Passionfruit Iced Tea which was tasty.

The only downside is that it's cash only. We didn't have a very long wait time, but when we left, there was a nice line outside of the cafe, so come early! I'd would like to come back here for breakfast/brunch in the future.
I was all set to love this place--so conveniently located to my apartment & so many vegan options on the menu that I had trouble narrowing down. There was a 15 minute wait, no problem, but when the very hungover looking hostess took another Kristin who was there after us (I was with Kristin H) when they called our name, that was the 1st red flag.

The service was OK, our waiter was friendly, but at times, nowhere to be found. It's not that I wanted to be rushed out of there or anything, but knowing there was a huge line outside, you'd think they'd pay attention to when we wanted our check.

The food was also just OK. I was really not impressed with the vegan chicken cheese steak, definitely not so flavorful, but the Sarcone's roll was good. I'll give them a second chance--there are 2 brunch items I'd still like to try--but my expectations are low.

Also, on the way out, a busboy, a waiter, & a host all (separately) said, "Bye girls." We're grown women, how about you don't infantilize us, BOYS?! The appropriate phrase would be, "Bye, ladies."

Wow. Now that I've written it, the 3 stars seems generous. I'll keep it 3 stars, because at least they TRIED with the vegan options, but sorry, Green Eggs, I'm not really a fan.
Always a wait, but always worth it. Staff is friendly, service is quick and efficient, and social distancing is observed to a T. The kicker is definitely the pan sized red velvet pancakes that is good for a table of 4-6, if you even have the stomach space after finishing your entree... Among my favorites include the short rib benedicts (honestly all of the benedicts).. and any of the hashes. Love love love the service and how fair the prices are given how much food there is, and will definitely be back.
Good news: great spot for brunch. 
Bad news: waiting time is forever- most of the time. 
Lots of crowd coming for awesome food!

Three and half Yelps!
Tasty food but sub par service..

After reading some raving reviews and seeing tasty photos, decided to grab brunch while in the neighborhood. Walked in -- no reservations with little to no wait, but after being seated it took about fifteen minutes before having anyone come by our table for water. After getting our glasses, we asked for straws and it took our waitress about twenty minutes for her to circle her way back with them and then take our order.

A gf of mine ordered eggs and bacon and I got the shrimp crab salad and it took close to an hour for our food to arrive. While waiting, we saw multiple tables being served the wrong orders and the same type of delay... Only for them to deliver someone else's order to us.

Though must say, after they corrected their mistake, the food, itself was good. Though I doubt I'd ever make a repeat appearance. Two stars for our disappointing brunch.
While the prices here might look a tad spendy at first glance, rest assured you're getting ginormous portions that are worth every penny.

For example, the "kitchen sink" skillet was exactly as advertised. It featured an enormous, fresh biscuit topped with three scrambled eggs, sausage crumbles, Gruyere cheese, potatoes, peppers, onions, and an ocean of pork sausage gravy. Hashtag winning! At least for the appetite, although maybe not the waistline.

Service is friendly and fast, and there are enough seats spread between two rooms to accommodate weekend brunchers. Can't complain about the neighborhood "scenery" either. ;) A solid, solid find!
CASH ONLY
Read the fine print. Orders over $50 have to pay 18% tip.

They have outdoor seating available during covid. My partner and I shared The Kitchen Sink for brunch. This thing is massive! It will curb your biscuits and gravy craving in one bite. They hook you up with tons of perfectly scrambled eggs and rosemary potatoes underneath.
If I could give zero stars I would.  I walked in there was a 25 minute wait.  There are plenty of empty tables inside.  They told me I needed to stand outside in the 90 degree,and rising, heat.  When I told the hostess I can't stand out there because I feel like I am going to pass out, she replied there is no inside waiting area.  I told her to take me off the list, I will find another place.  I could see if I wasn't already sweating buckets, I also came in alone, so I wouldn't take up much space inside.  If you were going to put me outside the least you could do is offer me water.  

I get you don't need my business it looks like you had enough, but there is human decency that should come into play.  If I was a dog out side the window, they would have brought me a bowl of water.  

Thank you Green Eggs Cafe, your a top notch establishment.
I've been by Greens Eggs Cafe many weekend mornings to see that there's almost always a line out the door. The two times that I've went, the wait has been 30 minutes or longer, and we were early for what would've been considered brunch. 

I don't think I quite understand the hype as I've been thoroughly disappointed both times I've went. Attentiveness was okay. About what you'd expect for a full house but they did mess up an order. 

I've had the Breakfast Burrito and Sliced Lox Benedict. Both were very average dishes with little flavor. In addition, I asked for my breakfast burrito without sour cream and it came with sour cream but I wasn't about to send it back to a busy kitchen so I just tried to scrap it off. Sliced Lox Benedict is precisely what you'd expect. Nothing too special about it. 

Nothing stood out. No positives but don't take that as if it was terrible. The food is serviceable. 
No points: Screwed up an order
This place is so goddamn popular I can't believe I haven't been here. I went and I did not regret this decision. What's that saying, "breakfast is the most important meal of the day", well...this place capitalizes on that.

Food 6/5
It's unbelievable how good the food is. I love French toast. I love cookie dough. What else would they offer but cookie dough French toast? The portions are huge so do share with someone. The red velvet pancakes might be the biggest pancakes I've ever seen. They're a bit dense but tasty. I became 50% carb after this meal. The eggs Benedict is my typical go to for breakfast and it's very well done. But trust me, order the French toast. Also, the presentation will make your jaw drop. You know those Instagram breakfasts those Instagram models post? That's what this looks like. But it's real. And you're not pimping yourself out in Dubai for it. Amazing. 

Service 4/5
They do a great job of making sure you're satisfied. It was busy yet our server made sure we were taken care of as best as possible while tending to so many other tables. Something I can appreciate. 

Ambience 5/5
It's contemporary. It's clean and bright. Very modern. The inside is pretty small unfortunately but it works out. 

Chances are you're going to have to wait if you come on a SAT/SUN morning. It's a very popular place but it's well deserved. I cannot speak highly enough of how good the food is however. Also, CASH ONLY! Only true drawback but whatever. I'll come back for the carbs again and again.
this is more of a 3.5 star establishment for me.

the service and wait times were not horrendous. about 30-45 mins wait at 10am on a saturday morning.. to be expected, and the inside is quite spacious so tables come and go pretty fast.

my friend and i shared one savory dish and one sweet dish. for the savory, we chose the veggie benedict. while it was good, there was nothing specific to write home about. 

for the sweet dish, we obviously went for their famous red velvet pancakes. let me preface this with saying i'm not a huge fan of red velvet or chocolate chip to begin with. i found the pancakes to be cloyingly sweet. about 1/6 the serving size would've been enough to satisfy my palate. trying to finish half was just too much. the restaurant should really make half servings an option, especially for a dish that gets ordered this often anyways.

also, i understand sustainability and being green, but charging $0.25 for each takeout container when we weren't warned of this ahead of time?? it's the principle of the matter.

finally, i realize and knew that this place was cash only. but still, i don't see how in this day and age, a restaurant won't take credit card. at least take credit cards but with a minimum limit or something! i would much rather you charge me a little extra to cover the cost of a cc transaction and i would gladly pay for that convenience.
This is such a great brunch spot. Perfect place to start if your going to be schlepping around city hall area. Airy sunlit open spot with lots of tables. We got a nice table by the window.

We started with the Bacon Bloody Mary which was amazing. It had a smokey bacon flavor because they use a housemade hickory vodka. The thick slice of bacon in the drink was so yummy!

I have been dying to try the chicken & waffles and I'm so glad I went for it. Not a normal menu choice for me. The sweet syrupy waffle with the crispy salty chicken thigh topped with the buttery poached egg is perfection in every bite. My friends & I agree it is the best!

My friends had the philly Taylor pork roll benny sandwich it was delicious pretzel roll topped with pork roll, cheese, poached egg & schiracha. A side of fresh berries balanced the whole meal off.

A great spot! We went during the week so no lines. On the weekends it can get crowded. I've often see lines out front. Worth the wait though!
I was really looking forward to breakfast at the Green Eggs Cafe on 13th Street.  I had heard great things about the Northern Liberties location and the reviews on Yelp were good.  But sadly, I was disappointed by the food and the service.  I arrived a few minutes early to meet my friends and was told, that it was their "policy" not to seat people until the whole party was present.  (Policy?-WTF are they the State Department?).  Under most circumstances I would agree with that but not when there were 9 open tables.  I was force to stand in the door way and interfere with the wait staff trying to service the customers sitting outside.  Was I in their way, well sorry it is my policy not to stand out in the sun when it is hot.  

My friends arrived and we were seated at a table but 30 seconds later another hostess (is that politically correct?) asked us to move because they had a party of nine coming in and needed "that table".  So far they were not off to great start.  We ordered coffee and asked for a few minutes to look at the menu and the specials.  My friend ordered decaf and I order regular coffee and when it arrived I know I got the decaf (believe me I can tell).  We placed our orders and waited for 20 minutes to be served.  Meanwhile I noticed one table of two people who arrived several minutes after we arrived had gotten their food and the table of nine was already eating. (Maybe they phoned ahead?)

My friend order the peanut butter french toast which he said was great, but my other friend ordered the smoked salmon omelet which she said was dry and flavorless.  I ordered the three eggs my way and the vegan sausage.  Normally, the vegan sausage products I have tried at other places, most notably Honey-Sit-and-Eat, is great.  Green Eggs's  was hard as a rock, ice cold and terrible tasting.  We ordered multi-grain toast which arrived cold and barely toasted. No jam was served with the toast and the butter was apparently being rationed.   There was no salt or pepper on the table and no catsup or hot sauce either.  I asked for both but only got the hot sauce.  The rosemary potatoes were also disappointing, partially cooked and flavorless (hence the need for catsup and hot sauce). 

I was hoping for a breakfast place that rivals HS&E closer to Center City but I guess the trip to Northern Liberties is worth it.  HS&E is far better food and great, friendly service.  Wise up Green Eggs....
Loved the breakfast burrito. Best I've had in the area (or outside since Harry's Roadhouse in Santa Fe).
The wait for this place was crazy. I came at 12pm for a table of one and it took an hour to be seated. It was a table for 1!  I'm giving 3 stars because the food was subpar and it's a cash only restaurant. 

Cash only? Really? This is a very busy restaurant with one ATM inside that usually causes a wait. I sat down and watched people take forever at the ATM. I don't understand what in the entire world takes so so long to get out cash. It literally took me less than a 1 minute to get my cash. 

Now the food. I ordered the chicken and waffles eggs Benedict with the potatoes. Again, it tasted oookay. Didn't even finish it. My waiter was friendly and helpful with giving me directions in the city since I was visiting. Turns out he was employee of the month!
I have had this place bookmarked forever and finally I had a chance to go. 

Coffee nice and strong. The omelette my husband ordered was very good. 

My dish was disappointing. First I ordered the chicken and waffle. My expectations were really high since this is supposed to be one of dishes they are well known for. First bite - cold waffle. I don't ever send stuff back but the waffle was not edible. I let the server know and he quickly apologized and ordered an new one. By the time my dish arrived, my husband had pretty much finished his plate but it was okay because I was going to enjoy mine. 

My plate made it to me and the waffle was perfect. Score! Then I cut into the chicken and it was tough  and had an unusual color. Was it undercooked? It was fried chicken but the crust was not really present. And well I just could not get past that strange color. I had ordered the home fries with pepper and onions & what I got was rosemary potatoes. My potatoes tasted totally different than my husbands even though we ordered the same thing. 

The service was fine- coffee refills offered plenty of times which was appreciated. 

$40 for breakfast with tip- can't say I'd recommend or come back.
This is one of my favorite brunch places in center city. I always get the "kitchen sink" when I come and for the huge portion size and only $13, it's worth it. With this meal, I'm full for the rest of the day! You get potatoes, peppers, scrambled eggs w/sausages, a biscuit, and gravy to top it all off. It's filling AND appetizing. The service here is also amazing. Just today, our waitress was so attentive. She also gave us a side dish we ordered for free because it took too long to come out (and we were done eating by the time it did come out, so we just took it to-go). 

So why 4 stars? Because as nice as the waiters were and that we did get the side dish for free, it would have been nice to eat it with the meal as planned. It's also cash only, which is kinda a hassle since I don't always carry cash around (they do have an ATM inside though). And also, if you come, be prepared to wait. The shortest I've had to wait here was 20 mins, but sometimes, it'll be about an hour. 

With that said, the food is good enough to keep me coming back. 

Tip: Highly recommend ordering a child sized red velvet pancake if you have a sweet tooth, but if you're like me, still prefers a savory breakfast as your main dish :)

Another sweet thing to share is the Nutella French toast. I think this is on their menu that changes but while it's on there, MUST TRY. My friends and I shared the plate and when each of us took a bite, we were silenced because it was so tasty. It's also only $6!
Probably the best brunch food in philly, atleast that I know of. It's especially extra worth it when you don't have a super long wait. But either way, it's still phenomenal. Fresh food, good service. Great place. A must try always. Also if you're like me and like savory over sweet, but still want a taste of sweet I recommend the short rib Benedict and smores kebob.
WARNING!!  DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU ARE NOT HUNGRY!  Talk about impressive!  The choices are unique and all ingredients are super fresh.  We went here twice for breakfast during our visit.  While I was eating my egg white omelette with fresh mushrooms and spinach, I was drooling over the table next to me while watching them eat their cookie dough and red velvet pancakes.  The portion sizes are so large I can't imagine walking away without a doggie bag.  Even the coffee is delicious.  Service was speedy and friendly.  They only take CASH but they have an ATM inside.  This is a great place for breakfast.
Please keep in mind, I'm only giving Green Eggs four stars because of the long wait. 

Other than that, the food was fantastic! The french toast was to die for. Perfect for a brunch on cheat day and it'll get you prepared for a nice afternoon slumber. The drinks were great also! What better than a peach Bellini and French toast? The turkey bacon was thick and juicy unlike most places. It's a must try if you're ever visiting Philly or even if you're a local.
Waited in line for an hour on a Saturday morning at 11am, but it was well worth it. The food was off-the-chain. I got the "Kitchen Sink," which was basically a ton of food with a biscuit on top and then smothered in a sauce. It was super good, and good hangover food. My friend got the shrimps and grits creole style. Hers was tasty, but I think it was not anything special - although I lived in NOLA for some years, so I may have a high bar. Oh, her eggs did have an eggshell in them :(

I also loved the decor; 1/2 of the tables had little green plants on them that gave the place a homey feel. I would love to come back to this place.

An area of improvement could be the "waiting for a table process." This is the first place in the city I have been to that takes your name down on paper and calls it when ready. They don't use a texting app or even a buzzer, which I didn't like because it would be hard to hear for your name as you wait - our name was actually passed on the list and we found out when we went up and checked. =/
Bottom Line: A very popular cash only breakfast and brunch eatery in the heart of Philly which serves hearty savory meals and decadent sweet entrees while being environmentally friendly.

My husband and I visited Green Eggs Cafe on a Sunday morning.  We got in line about 7:50am and we were the third party to be seated.  Kudos to Green Eggs for metering out the seating of guests rather than rushing to seat everyone and then the wait staff being overwhelmed and tables underserved. I really appreciated their approach to the morning queue.

Something else that I really liked about Green Eggs was that they serve quality La Colombe coffee.  I decided to order a $3 Diet Coke but had I know the soda refills were going to be an extra $2 I definitely would have opted to have coffee for my morning caffeine. That's been a tough pill to swallow. 

Usually I get a savory breakfast because I like to have protein in the morning to keep me going.  I was tempted to get an omelette, a benedict or The Kitchen
Sink skillet but I decided to veer from my usual and get the Salted Caramel Banana Stuffed French Toast. Our food came out quickly and the French toast presentation was gorgeous!  As much as I have a sweet tooth the French toast was just too sweet for me but it would have been a nice dish to share.

My husband had an omelette without cheese and said it was one of the best omelettes he's ever had!  I feel that is worth repeating . . . an omelette without cheese . . .  one of the best he's ever had!  I snuck a few of his breakfast potatoes and thought they were very tasty.

The restaurant's name is a cute play on words.  They don't serve green eggs and ham as the "green" in their name refers to their "eco-conscious philosophy."  

Speaking of green, bring your greenbacks because they are a cash only business! I'm not sure if they own the ATM and it's an additional revenue for stream for them or if they are just trying to avoid paying credit card fees.

Conveniently, there is a parking lot right across the street but I'm not sure what the rates are.  There is also Indego bike share out front too.

The storefront at Green Eggs is really plain and it would be easy to pass.  An awning or some planters out front would really add some curb appeal.  

If I return I'll definitely go for a savory dish and LaColombe coffee.
There were tons of people here by the time we got here since it was Father's Day and brunch. We opted for first available seating whether it was outside or inside. I think the hostess has issues or should be replaced. We stood there for a good 25 minutes and tHere were 3 tables that were empty for party of 2 yet she just stood there. It wasn't until a little later she said party of 2 that wouldn't mind outside. Uh... So what was the point of asking seating preference in the beginning? Look at your list! We went up and she seated us at one of those tables. I looked at her list and I saw that there were at least 2 parties of 2 that did not have a preference where to sit. Honestly... She doesn't have a hard job. It's not like she was the waitress or she cleaned tables. 

The waitress was great and came by whenever our water was low in the heat. The food however wasn't great. The hollandaise sauce was sub par. It wasn't thick enough in consistency and you can see chunks of cooked egg yolk. Epic fail.
For the last few years, I've been a very loyal fan of Green Eggs Café. It's definitely one of those places where you get more compared to what you pay. An example would be the Red Velvet Pancakes - I just feel like it's impossible to finish a stack of these babies (i was never even able to finish the stack for kids). The Tiramisu French Toast is also phenomenal, and I have a slightly easier time finishing these that the Red Velvet Pancakes. These days the chicken and waffles Benedict has been my favorite, along with the smoked lox Benedict. These dishes get complimented with a side of home fries which I get with rosemary. GET THE mac and cheese if you want a nice, extra side dish. 

The wait time is definitely long on the weekends, given how popular it is for brunch food.
One of the best Brunch places in all of Philadelphia! Worth the wait every time! Get there early, put your name down, and walk around a bit until your table is ready! This is the third or fourth time I've been here.

They have multiple different kinds of stuffed French toast and they are all delicious. Huge portions too. I had the Eggs Benedict with rosemary potatoes. It was very good; the hollandaise sauce was seasoned well. My boyfriend had the steak and eggs and that was bigger portion as well. 

The service is always great. The cafe is cash only
which is a little inconvenient, but they do have an ATM if you forget! 

LOVE this place!
My boyfriend and I visited Philly and this restaurant was on my list of places to try out. I am so glad we did because it was probably the best brunch spot out of our entire trip! We went on a Saturday afternoon, so parking was free. It was hard to find a spot, but we were able to get one about two blocks away from the restaurant. When we were walking towards the restaurant, we saw a bunch of people waiting outside in front of a store. We thought, "No way..." but yes way... it was the wait for Green Eggs Cafe. 

For a table for two, the wait was about 45 minutes. We were starving and didn't have the patience to wait, but since this place was so highly recommended, we decided to wait. While waiting for our table, we looked up pictures and recommendations off their brunch menu. I noticed that the french toast was really popular. They had so many different kinds of french toast and they all looked SO GOOD, it was overwhelming. By the end, I already had my mind set on getting the Creme Brulee French Toast. My boyfriend still wasn't sure what to get so he waited until we sat down and got the menu. 

When we were finally called, we were seated in a table of 4, but had to split the table with someone else, which I didn't mind. I ordered my french toast and my boyfriend got the Veggies Benedict. It took a while for the food to come out, but when it did, oh my gosh... it was freaking delicious. The french toast was so moist, sweet, and fluffy. The portions were pretty big too. The Veggies Benedict was pretty good, can't complain about that. Make sure you try the french toast though!! It's heavenly. Also, have cash on hand. It's cash only!
This place is definitely overrated for what it is. The food can be good but if there is a long wait, I would definitely not recommend waiting. The hostess is also an idiot, the time I went she was completely disorganized and would tell people it was a 15 minute wait when actually it was more like 45 minutes. I watched one girl get very upset at her for sitting not one, but two groups before her when they definitely arrived after her.

I had the fried chicken benedict which was good, the portion size was very small though. The person I went with had the red velvet pancakes which are their signature item. They were good but I was not blown away. The service was also a little slow and disorganized as well. They definitely don't know how to run a restaurant efficiently. Also they are Cash Only which is a major drag. I have gone to places that are cash only and dealt with it because they are absolutely worth it but this place is not worth the inconvenience of having to get cash.

I'd say overall it is worth a try but only if it isn't out of your way and there isn't a wait.
One Sunday morning my girlfriend and I decided to try Green Eggs Cafe out. We got here around 8:30-9am, just before the breakfast/brunch rush came in. This place is CASH ONLY so make sure you have some cash on you, or pay the $0.99 fee to withdraw from their ATM.

After seeing all the rave about the red velvet pancakes, I knew exactly what I wanted to order. My girlfriend, on the other hand, couldn't decide between the many delicious-sounding items on the menu. She ended up ordering the Kitchen Sink (scrambled eggs with sausage crumbles, cheese, potatoes, peppers, and onions with a biscuit and pork sausage gravy).

The food came within about 15 minutes, probably because it wasn't too packed when we got there. 

The portions were huge. Upon first bite of the red velvet pancakes, I was in love. However, what I didn't really care for was chantilly cream (I think) in between each layer of pancakes. The cream was good, but there was so much that it kind of overpowered the taste of the pancakes. I found myself either scraping off most of the cream, or finding sections of the pancakes that the cream hadn't touched. Nevertheless, it was still very delicious.

I tired some of the Kitchen Sink, and that, too, was very delicious! The biscuits and gravy mashed so well with the peppers, onions, eggs, and cheese. It was a very, very filling meal.

Overall, neither of us finished our food because there was just SO much of it, that we were too full to continue. The service was good, and the food was fairly quick (but maybe because we were here early). I suggest that if you're in the mood for some breakfast/brunch in Philly, check this place out. Make sure you come with cash and an empty stomach!
Returned for brunch on a recent Sunday morning, and it was a 20 min wait(came right at opening). Sat outside; service was good. 

I ordered an iced coffee, which was great, and the Kitchen Sink, which lived up to the hype. My boyfriend had the Eggs Your Way. 

I still need to try the chicken and waffles!
It was an amazing start to a long, hot Philly day. My friend and I were visiting for the weekend and the only breakfast place he wanted to try was here. They currently have outdoor seating, both in the front and the back (which is part of a parking lot). We couldn't make a reservation, but luckily, we were able to be seated immediately. The place was packed, even though it was 11AM on a Saturday, do Philadelphians not sleep in? 

I looked at the menu and was impressed by the french toast options. Creme brûlée french toast? Say no more. My picture doesn't do the dish justice, but it was amazing. The french toast was the perfect combination of moist and toast. Although I do wish I asked for the syrup on the side. It was topped with berries and a dollop of whipped cream. The portion is huge for the price, which is always a plus. My friend ordered the ultimate tofu scramble, a great veg/vegan option! I always appreciate a place that includes all people. It came with toast and potatoes. 

They also serve drinks! Definitely come here for a boozy brunch if you're nearby!
Green Eggs has been one of my favorites since college, and though I haven't been in a minute, when I stopped by on Sunday afternoon for a late-ish brunch, it was as if nothing had changed (in the best way possible).

We ordered the Cinnamon Roll French Toast which was delightfully decadent. Our other entree was the Short Rib Benedict which was a nice balance to the meal - though I think the short rib could have been better seasoned, the overall dish was good. Both entrees were priced at $15 which I think is reasonable for brunch. 

If you live in the Philadelphia area and have not tried Green Eggs, I do highly recommend giving it a chance - they have multiple locations which makes it very convenient. I will note that they don't take reservations and are cash only so be prepared!
The red Velvet pancakes are very rich but worth it!  Although this dish could easily be split by 2-3 normal size humans as its more like a cake than a plate of pancakes!  
Cash only and not the cheapest place to eat - my pancakes and an OJ was about $25 with tip.  Again, split the red Velvet pancakes 3 ways and you're set!
This place is incredible! 

My only complaint as far as service goes is their cash only rule. I'm not sure why a restaurant (with four locations, no less!) can't make the accommodations necessary to take cards in 2015. This minor annoyance is a small price to pay for the exceptional quality of their food. Also, I haven't experienced this firsthand, but a friend of mine who frequents this cafe mentioned that the wait for a table can be hours long if you don't make a reservation in advance. Otherwise, we had an attentive, friendly server who handled our party of 8 with ease and grace.   

I ordered the cheeseburger benedict off of the specials menu, which, if I recall correctly, was $15. The dish is made up of toasted brioche bread topped with sliced Roma tomato, hamburger patties, caramelized onions, maple bacon, poached eggs, and Hollandaise sauce. This strange Frankenstein of a breakfast was one of the best things I've ever eaten. Each component was perfectly cooked, and no one flavor overpowered anything else. Every benedict comes with your choice of a side (you can choose either a breakfast or lunch side), and I picked french fries. Lovers of uber-crispy fries won't enjoy these, but I thought they were delicious. 

On the day I ate there, I was in the mood for something savory, but the sweet options on their breakfast menu (Creamsicle french toast?!?) also looked great; I'll definitely be returning here to explore the rest of their menu.
I love it here. The food is always good. But, table spacing is too crowded. Especially when my boyfriend and I love to order a few items off the menu to share.
Seems like this place is always popping! My friend and I went to brunch on a Saturday morning. Waited about 45 minutes for a party of two. Too: stay close because they only call your name out loud.

The menu is well versed and have several options. Took off a star because they're not well versed in gluten-free. I had quinoa porridge which was good but very sweet. If you like sweet warm oats this is a good option (also this is gluten-free). Also had a Orange Creme Mimosa - tasty for something different! Price is reasonable for the city. Enjoyed the experience but wasn't the best brunch ever
Keeping it real out here for Philly
We usually have a fun time going here with my family. Quite a long wait, i remembered waited for a good 45 mins on a cold Saturday morning, goes to show how popular the place is. 
We got the few popular signature dishes, sorry don't quite remember the names now, but one thing I won't forget is the huge portion they come in. I'm a semi big eater and I barely finished 3/4th of my dish. Price is reasonable in that sense. 
It's one of my go to brunch place in Philly for sure
Was recommended this place by a friend who had previously been and soo happy we went. The food was BOMB! Nice amount of options available.
We came on a Saturday for Brunch and thought this location was BYOB and to our surprise it wasn't because  they had a full bar. No biggie, we stashed our bottle under the table. 
Once seated, our waiter was super on point and had recommended many things to us as first timers. He was friendly and alert with all request. 
The peach bellini was great. 

Back to the food; they need a disclaimer of how large these portions are because OH MY! I'm sure we could've all shared from one another lol. So heads up consider sharing depending on your appetite. We went 2x and had leftovers lol. 
My favorite had to be the pancakes (check out my picture) the edges were perfectly crisp to my liking. The rest of it just melted in my mouth ahhh sooo good. 
For sure looking to go back on my next visit in town. 

Pro tip: They don't take reservations so anticipate the 30-40 min wait depending on the size of the party.
Real good food, bug portions but I had the whole thing because I couldn't stop! I had the salt caramel banana french toast -yummm- & the root veggie brnedict which was by far the best benedict I have had. It is vegetarian friendly and the host are also v nice. I recommend it to everyone one
I hit them up for breakfast on a recent weekday on a day off. 

Everything I had was incredibly well made. The omelet, potatoes, toast, everything had a higher quality to it than you get at most places. Oddly enough I found myself enjoying the sides the most in the potatoes and toast. 

I didn't get anything super creative on this trip. I was in the mood for the basics. Three egg omelet with pork roll, cheese, and onions did the trick for me. But the dishes I saw  being brought to others looked tempting. 

Kudos to the waitstaff who were very effective working outside in the heat. 

The cash only thing was annoying, especially in today's atmosphere. No one wants to handle cash in a pandemic anymore, and less people want to go inside to use the ATM.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed green eggs cafe yet ! I am a regular customer here and have tried pretty much everything offered on the menu. 

My favorite dish from green egg is chicken and waffle eggs benedict with a side of sweet potato fries. The sweet potato fries is the best out there ! It is cut into the perfect size and not greasy at all! Now back to the benedict , it is assembled with hollandaise sauce on top of two eggs benedict on top of two pieces of fried chicken on top of half syrup filled waffle . I love this combination of sweet and savory taste. 

The service is dreadful , servers certainly do not want  to be at the place . However, they do hustle a bit once the manager comes out from the kitchen .
In my opinion, this is the best breakfast restaurant in Philly. Like THE BEST (can't emphasize enough). 

I bookmarked this place because of the high ratings and came here when my friends and I were visiting Philly on a weekend. We came here around 10:00 AM and there was a huge line. Didn't realize that this place was going to be super packed or was super popular. We put our name down (for four people) and they told us that it was going to be an hour wait. It ended up actually being like a 30 minutes wait total which was great! A lot of people left after they put their names down or people were done eating quickly. 

After we got seated, it took us a little bit of time to order because there were so many choices that sounded amazing. We ended up over ordering and ordered 6 different meals for the four of us. Everything was ON point and amazing.. especially the red velvet pancakes. That was my favorite!

Don't forget: CASH ONLY. They do have an ATM inside.
SERVICE - 0
1) Waiting area - Non-existent 
    For a restaurant that consistently anticipates an influx of customers, they have done absolutely nothing to accommodate for the wait. Ironically, they close down a section of the restaurant during the week. We were waiting in line with others outside on the street in the heat for more than 45 minutes. When I asked if we could be seated at the empty tables, we were told that area was only for weekends, or special bookings. Funny enough, they don't take reservations. It blows my mind that they basically take pride in seeing a number of their customers "work" for their seat here. It's almost like a sadistic significant other making you jump through as many hoops as possible to see how much you want them. 

2) Waiter - This place is ridiculously understaffed
    - forgot about us for a good 20 minutes after seating us
    - forgot to bring our red velvet pancakes until we were almost done with our meal, and had to remind another waiter about them. 

FOOD - 1
I moved to Philly 2 years ago, and the taste has significantly deteriorated. 
1) Red Velvet Pancakes - dry/ crumbly, with a bit too much aftertaste of food coloring. 
2) Kitchen sink - they forgot to add any salt at all. 
3) Nutella Latte - there was absolutely nothing nutella about it. It was watered down bland coffee with some dilute coco taste to it. I am pretty sure my little nephews have made me a better mocha just by giving me their chocolate milk and adding coffee to it. 

Finally, I saw a roach by the ATM that stands next to the bar area. So...buh bye Green eggs.
FINALLLYY got to go here. I've seen zillion of pics from this place and drooled but couldn't handle a 45min wait. Went at 2pm on a Sunday and the wait was only 20ish, hostess was nice and was updating everyone on their wait. 

Our waitress was uber nice and snuck us some raspberry puree for our champagne with no extra charge. I am not a big fan of traditional orange juice mimosas, so I would recommend trying to get some of that puree cause it was great. On the topic of alcohol, it's no longer completely BYOB. $10 cork fee ugh. But way cheaper than the $10/drink. There's a liquor store at 12&chestnut :)

The huevos rancheros skillet was very goood. $12.  Was filled with tortilla chips, 2 eggs, corn, salsa, cheese, and what not! Was happy with the spicy level but if you like spicy, it can def be a notched up. Also, I had like 1/10 of it and was stuffffed. Saved it for breakfast today, stuffffed. And I still have a ton left. I might just split an entree with someone next time so I'm not dying. 

ORDER A KIDS SIZE OF THE RED VELVET PANCAKES! Do it. My friend and I split them and they were foodgasmic. Can prob be split between 3 people just fine. 

Reason for the star deduction is that they kept trying to kick us out which was reallyy annoying. I get that they close at 4pm but several different servers kept coming up to us and asking how things are/if we want anything wrapped up.. like I know what you're doing. We also wanted to open a second bottle and the guy was like "uh.." Rude. There were still plenty of people eating, and they had already begun the closing process so not sure why they were being so annoying when we just wanted to sip our mimosas! Also, there were fruit flies everywhere! For a restaurant that underwent that rat scandal, I thought they'd maintain a pristine environment now! 

I spent $28 for an entree, corkage, the pancakes, and a cappuccino + tax/tip which I thought was reasonable given how stuffed we were and how much I have leftover.
Going here was one of the worst decisions of my life but since everyone hypes  it up, I had to try it. The food was nothing special and after a 2.5 hour wait, yes, 2 hours ans 30 minutes, the server was really rude and unfriendly. I will never go back!
Any place that serves healthy option gets high stars in my book. They are vegan-friendly and serve a great assortment of teas. I discovered this breakfast joint while walking around Philly center city. The reviews helped me with my decision to try it out, and the place exceeded my expectations. I certainly enjoyed my breakfast with fresh veggies. The service was great, but parking can be a bitch. Be prepared to wait for a table!
I know this Green Eggs is the new one on the block, but I just didn't love the service or the food during my most recent meal here.

The location of this place is prime, if you're walking around Center City and I'm sure that drives the foot traffic.  We stopped in on a Friday just around lunch time.  I was feeling more like lunch than breakfast so I went with the veggie burger.  When it arrived, it definitely hit one of my burger pet peeves in that the pattie was way smaller than the bun.  I ended up having to rip off a good portion of it just to make it a worthwhile sandwich.  My partner in crime got the vegan french toast and I noticed a distinct saltiness to it which i wasn't sure was intentional or not.  Either way, I wasn't thrilled.

I found the service to be a touch lackluster as compared to other establishments in the neighborhood.  We found ourselves a few times really hunting for our waitress just for a refill on water.  My coffee was pretty decent which bumps up the star rating a little bit in my mind.

I'm familiar with the other locations and those haven't disappointed.  Perhaps this location just needs a little time to get seasoned.
Loved it here. They don't do weekend reservations so you'll have to just pray it's not crowded and put your name in the mix when you get there. My friend and I came Saturday afternoon for brunch. Food was great. Really big portions and totally worth the prices you're paying. I'll definitely come back the next time I'm in Philly.
One of my favorite place for breakfast and lunch in the city! The food selection is good, and portion size--TOO BIG! The famous red velvet pancake is about twice the size of my face. I'm not a big fan of pancakes, but the red velvet pancake here is an exception. It is slightly crispy (not the soft pancakes I hate!), with very filling whip cream kind of stuffing. I think this tastes more like a fabulous dessert than a breakfast.
Another of my favorite is the kitchen sink. It comes in a pan, with pepper, onion, potato, scramble eggs, a bit of sausage, and buttery muffin covered in cheese. EXTREMELY FILLING. And extremely delicious. 

It gets a four star because they don't accept credit card--That's just somewhat annoying for such a popular place.
Also, if you come during breakfast/brunch hours, especially on weekends, be ready to be in line for at least an hour.
The wait to get seated can get pretty long, and that should be a good sign that this place offers great brunch. Fortunately for me, I only waited until 20 minutes because I got here early before 10am. Just a note though, the hostess wasn't too welcoming and we felt she actually seemed a little on the rude side.

They only accept cash by the way, so bring enough to avoid washing dishes or you can use their ATM in the back by the bar.  

We ordered the "Kitchen Sink" which costs $12
Three eggsscrambled with sausage crumbles, Gruyere cheese, potatoes, peppers & onions,topped with a homemade jumbo biscuit and country style pork sausage gravy in a cast-iron skillet.

This was amazing, but I wasn't surprised because it has everything I love in the dish. 

We also ordered the Red Velvet Pancakes which costs $13 
Red velvet buttermilk pancakes with chocolate morsels and strawberry mascarpone layers, topped with maple syrup,chantilly cream and fresh strawberries.

This was super sweet and fluffy.  Portion is huge , we had to take 3/4th of it to go.  As for drinks, we got the Bon Bom coffee and the bloody mary.  Both were amazing in their own way.  

Highly recommend this brunch spot for visitors to Philly.
Yet another breakfast option in a city of brunch fanatics. I feel like we're in an episode of Sex and the City and Philadelphia is only now getting to the table. Manhattan has made brunch a serious weekend habit for at least the last decade.

Green Eggs Cafe is a serious contender in my book for best brunch. It's BYOB so you don't have to worry about over-paying for your mimosa since you Bring Your Own Bubbly. The portions are large enough that you'll be taking home the rest for dinner. If you're looking for something dainty and on your 1200 calorie diet, I advise staying home. The quinoa porridge, however, is a great option for those looking to avoid the damage incurred by eating french toast. There are vegan options as well - vegan french toast, vegan sausage, and more so don't forget to invite your friends with esoteric food preferences. 

I recommend sharing dishes like the creme brulee french toast or red velvet pancakes so that you can try some other things on the menu like the rosemary potatoes which are very flavorful. In this town people complain that portions are either too large or too small. I felt that $11 for a dish that feeds me twice is pretty darn reasonable.

Of course, it will be crowded and the wait will be long on the weekends. You're not the only one who wanted to skip cereal and milk in their apartment this morning. Count on at least 15 minutes, but up to 30 depending on the size of your party. They were seating outside today but few people accepted an open table because they forgot to read the weather report before heading outside in the chill. Do your homework and hit the bank on the way as Green Eggs is cash only. They do have their own ATM with a fee of 99 cents for those who don't like to plan ahead. Do note that this spot is also popular with families and dog owners.
Green Eggs really let me down yesterday ! It was my BIRTHDAY and I had been trying to get my bf to take me here for awhile as I fell in love with the red velvet pancakes during my first visit about a year ago with a gf. We've attempted to come together before but lines deter him so we'd leave and go somewhere else. But since yesterday was my day I convinced him to wait it out. 

Strike one! was the hostess lying about the wait time. While she was sweet, you could see she was truly stressed and overworked and had clearly been instructed by management (I'm assuming) to tell guests the wait was only about 25 to 30 minutes for 2 when it was clearly 60+ minutes ! 60+ minutes outside in 90+ degrees, ummmm no thank you ! While I do not mind a wait if the food is worth it yesterday it just was not. So when we were finally seated our server takes our order in a reasonable amount of time. My bf ordered the steak and eggs. He asked for his steak cooked medium, scrambled eggs and a side of silver dollar pancakes. I ordered the same as I did last time, "the kitchen sink"  and a kid size red velvet pancake.

Strike two! They FORGOT my red velvet pancakes and gave my bf the wrong eggs! His eggs were fried, not scrambled and they were super runny ( personally I'm not a fan of runny eggs and I wouldn't have been able to eat them). He was starving though and already irritated so he ate them anyway. Seriously so disappointed about not getting my pancakes ! That was the main reason we came, my kitchen sink was very tasty as I remembered, but the potatoes were are bit harder than I like them but a decent dish nonetheless.

Strike three ! Our server never came to check on us once to even see that our order was wrong and I had a ask a bus person to grab him for us. When he did come I explained my bf's eggs were wrong and I never got my pancakes so he talked to the manager I'm assuming and we were given the employee discount. O thank you sir a whole $7, when an OJ alone is $5. Overall our whole experience was unacceptable and the bf will never return. I may give it a shot again but it'll have to be with a friend. 

Not cool green eggs café not cool
There's always a wait and it's largely due to the tasty dishes served at the restaurant. I usually get the Chicken and Waffles Benedict and they are amazing.You can avoid the hour-long wait by showing up a bit early (before 11am).
So good! Just moved here and on the lookout for good brunch spots. It was long wait, but worth it!!! I had the Veggie Benedict with the rosemary potatoes and a nice little mimosa on the side. I loved that the food came out hot! Every part of the meal had great flavor. The Benedict was done really well and the eggs were cooked perfectly. The staff was super attentive even though the place was packed. Will be coming back again!
I wanted to love this place, but it just didn't deliver and there are too many other great restaurants in Philly to try and force-love this place. My husband and I had been here once before and had a great breakfast so we decided to take out of town friends here for brunch. We waited about 45 minutes for a table so we were excited about what our meal would bring, equating lots of people with likely great food.  I love benedicts, so I asked our waiter for his recommendation and he suggested the short rib benedict, so that's what I ordered. My husband went with The Kitchen Sink. Our friends ordered their meals and each of them ordered a fruit cup in addition to their food. We waited quite some time for our food to come out, which wasn't a big deal until I took my first bite. NOT good. My food was cold like it had been sitting out for a LONG time before they plopped the eggs on top and sent it out. Not only was it cold, but it wasn't visually appealing in the least. There was no color, and the plating was seriously awful, which normally isn't a big deal to me at all BUT my food was cold. They also only brought out one fruit cup for our dining companions. Our waiter didn't come back over to check and see how our food was for another extended period of time so my husband ended up walking around the restaurant to look for him to let him know my food was cold. He told the waiter who said he'd be right over. Well, he didn't come over... We waited quite a bit more before a different waiter came over and literally said "want to hand me that and I'll go heat it up for you?" reaching toward my plate. Never apologized, never offered to make a new one, but did offer to heat up my cold plate of food which really shocked all of us at the table. I declined and he left the plate there, which I didn't touch again. I know our waiter was busy, and I definitely didn't blame him for my food being cold, as my husband's and our friend's food wasn't cold. I didn't expect him to run immediately over after being told that my food was cold, but I waited an unreasonable amount of time to be asked if I wanted my food re-warmed by someone else (which is so ridiculous). The waiter never did come back over, not even to refill drinks, until he brought over the check. They didn't end up charging me for my awful meal that I hardly touched, but we won't be back. It was embarrassing to take friends there and have the food be sub-par and then for the situation to be handled like that. Oh, and the knife in my silverware wrap was dirty, covered in chunks of egg yolk. Didn't use it and didn't see the waiter again once I saw the dirty flatware until the whole cold food debacle. 

*One thing that I will say is that my husband did like his meal, as much as he could enjoy a breakfast where no one else liked their food.
Super good food . Customer service was excellent. Food was amazing . I ordered the Chicken and waffles platter with scrambled cheese eggs and home fries ! I ate every bit . There was 5 of us , 3 adults , 1 teen and 1 kid . Total food came up to $120 . I guess that wasn't bad for 5 people $24 per person including drinks and lattes . Only complaint is you could be waiting up to an hour just to be seated but it's well worth it . One Tip : Red velvet pancakes are great ! They turn your Poo a different color lol .
My husband and I took a day trip to Philly and because of all the great reviews I wanted to try it. We arrived right at 8:30 and was quickly seated. I really enjoyed my eggs and I'm not really an egg person, but they were very good. My chicken and waffles were okay. I would have liked to have more cheese in my "cheese" grits. The cheese was just sprinkled on top. If I knew how close we were to the Reading Terminal I would have preferred the options there and we would have also saved some money.
My favorite breakfast spot in Philadelphia! 

Favorites: 
Tiramisu French Toast - I had this last year and continue to have dreams about this heavenly plate! The most amazing french toast/dessert I have ever had!
Blueberry Pie French Toast - Crunchy crust (crushed corn flakes), blueberry syrup, cream, better than any blueberry pie I have ever had in my life! Really, all of their french toast dishes are out of this world!
Southern Skillet - If you prefer something savory, this is the dish to get. Crunchy fried chicken, warm homemade biscuit, sunny side egg, a fat slab of bacon, and sausage gravy. Even the server highly recommended this! Beware of the food coma that ensues halfway through! Force yourself to stop eating before you pass out! 
Red Velvet Pancakes - Seriously, this was layers of red velvet cake with cream cheese icing inside and chocolate chips inside. Not too sweet but seriously addicting. Beware! Before you know it, you'll be halfway done with the monstrous portion and feel like such a fatty afterwards!

Cash only - but they have an atm inside.

Recently, they acquired a full bar as well!

Service - so/so. They do not take reservations so get there right as they open to avoid a wait!

Until next year, I'll be dreaming about this place....
We were told that there would be a 30 minute wait for brunch. That seemed unlikely, since there were so many people in line in front of us. But not having been inside this venue before, we thought it might be large and/or have a quick turnover. Over an hour later, we asked if we could get an update from the hostess. We were told that we were next in line for the only table that could accommodate our group (they won't push tables together). Twenty minutes later, we see another large (6-7 person) group go in. They were given "our" table, even though the hostess had told us that we were next in line for that table. 

So, basically, we were strung along for an hour and a half. We stood in the heat on the sidewalk, blocking pedestrian traffic, so we could be sure to hear the hostess when our name was called. It was very uncomfortable. We ended up leaving when we realized that we had been lied to repeatedly by the hostess. 

I eat out a lot. I go to brunch a lot. I'm usually with a big group. I understand all of the inconveniences that come with taking a big group to a popular brunch spot. However, the hostess treated us very poorly and we would have just appreciated honesty from the beginning. 

The one star is for the nice bus boy who gave us a few cups of water while we waited.
Seriously over the top brunch is to be had here! I had the Cinnamon Pecan Swirl French Toast and hubby had some over the top chocolate chip French toast. The K lause mimosas were so amazing that we had 2 rounds. Worth every single penny and the 5lbs I'm sure to pack on after this extravaganza!
We came in and a woman with a blue sweater, I believe the manager, was in a bad mood, made an ugly face at us because us first timers dared to go into the main dining room without waiting. We went in the main dining room because the room where we entered from was empty. She didn't say good morning, just pointed towards their empty dining room (waiting area). Our server was very nice though. She took our order quickly and had a smile the entire time. The chocolate chip cookie dough French toast was delicious as was the red velvet pancakes. The turkey bacon was huge, greasy and tasty. The fries were fresh and seasoned well. 

Only reason for a 4 is because of the rude customer service when we first walked in.
Green Eggs portions are HUGE! Not knowing how big the portions are we ordered pancakes to share with the table. 3-4 huge square fluffy pancakes came out, it was extremely hard to finish, but somehow we did. I ordered the chorizo Benedict which was pretty delicious and it was loaded with side potatoes. If you can't eat a lot, I recommend to share a plate with another person. 

The wait is pretty long here, for about 5 people the wait was about 30-40 min on a weekday during winter break. I'm pretty sure they do not accept reservations and CASH ONLY. They do have atms in the restaurant, but in today's society restaurants need to be able to accept debit and credit cards. 

I will definitely come here again in the near future, just wished they accepted cards and the wait is shorter.
Brunch is my favorite meal of the day. Finding the right place is hard but I think I found my new favorite place.

Saturday morning at 9am was our goal but we arrived at 930am. There was a wait for 30 min but we were almost the only party of 2 so we were seated within 5 min.

I ordered an elderflower mimosa that was so lovely. Nice to have something different. They also serve La Colombe coffee so that was a plus. The lovely thing about brunch is that you can do lunch or breakfast.

Hubby got the breakfast burger with Spanish fries which were fries with fried jalapenos in the mix. It was so flavorful and amazing. The burger had a mix of breakfast sausage and beef. It was huge too the hubby almost couldn't finish it.

I got the Root vegetable Benedict and it was spectacular. I have never had anything like it. The was a layer of brioche with beets, sauteed yellow squash, corn, plum tomatoes & red onions with 2 poached eggs and a beet hollandaise. 

I love having dishes I've never had before and this was out of this world good especially for an aspiring vegetarian. The home fries were a nice side addition. The place was packed and we were close to our neighbors being able to check out what everyone ordered.

We look forward going back.
I feel like I should be a bigger fan of this place...but Im just not feeling it. I think the other location would be better, haven't made it down there, but since I am reviewing this location, ill rate accordingly.

The six of us waited over an our for a from 11am and finally after being seated, we were provided with no menu. Kool. Our server finally comes after a while apologized for missing the menu and poured us water. Here is where they are missing the starts, the service. I thought dude here was cool, turns out he is all fake and not very accommodating. My sister wanted to change her steak from medium to med-well, he just said he cant do it...err? 

Anyhoo. We ordered a huge red velvet pancake as a dessert for the whole table which went first. I got the Eggs Benedict with Shrimp'n'Grits. It was pretty good not gonna lie, maybe a bit more seasoning, no biggie. My favorite though was the potatoes. Awsome flavor with the bell peppers and onions were to die for. My sister's steak and eggs looked quite solid, too bad I don't eat meat. The Red Velvet pancakes are an experience in itself, def worth splitting or stuffing your face with by yourself. Get it. Interesting order of the day [gotta have one] Fried Onions - comes in a frier basket, they are actualy just deep fried onions. I thought it tasted pretty badass only I later realized all the oil i consumed :[  I like their portioning, not too big and greasy, not too small either. 

I should be more enthusiastic writing this review, but idk, I dint feel very welcome or even taken care of at this place. It was like this - we went, we sat [after solid 1.5hrs], we ate. Oh well.

P.S: Try the freshly squeezed Tangerine juice, YUM!
I came here years ago & I remember that experience was a pleasant one but a different location. I was already expecting for it to be a wait that didn't bother me when you are a bruncher at heart that's normal. 

This is a cash only establishment! If you don't carry cash they have an ATM inside & there is a parking lot for parking across the stress but it's pretty expensive $25 bucks.

Everyone loves to drink during brunch right? Well I am a craft beer drinker at heart & at 2 pm the only beer they had was Miller Lite which I am not a fan of which was disappointing so I did get a Bloody Mary which was very good! 

My veggie benedict  had no flavor didn't really care too much for it but the grits were delicious. I wanted to try the veggie sausage because I am a vegetarian & wanted some sort of protein for the day but the waitress actually told me it was nasty which I wasn't expecting her to say usually a waitress may use other terminology like that's not really a popular item but a lot of vegans like & give another option but that didn't happen here/ I never got my water with lemon either. My food was also cold but I was starving so I didn't wanna complain & send it back I was starving. 

I will try other brunch spots in Philadelphia the next time I visit. I was not impressed with the food or service.
This is probably the go-to brunch spot in center city for me. There is definitely a wait on weekends.. so either get here really early or late to avoid standing outside. I've been here a handful of times and each time I got something different. They do both sweet and savory quite well, and apparently the sweet dishes are instagram worthy. 

For sweets, go for the creme brulee french toast. I'd pass on the red velvet pancakes personally because I found it quite bland and way too large. For savory, hit up the kitchen sink or a lox omelette/Benedict.. hell or just go for the steak and eggs. Can't really go wrong either way you choose.

Note: cash only, but there's an ATM in the restaurant.
Planning a weekend brunch? Headups, it's going to be a long wait. We managed to skip long waits by going early  (around 9ish) and later in the afternoon (around 1). The wait time thus was less than 15 mins.

This place is probably my favorite brunch place in the city.  Both the times I went I got myself Guacamole and Pepper Benedict with potatoes. (Absolutely delicious)
Eggs were poached perfectly
Peppers had a zing to it
The Hollandise sauce was delicious

Also, the rosemary potatoes had a delicious flavour too. 
Hands down I recommend this dish to anyone who loves Guac and peppers

My friends got chicken and waffles Benedict which was good and another friend got Red Velvet pancakes.

Those are HUMONGOUS. So warning, if you are craving pancakes, that's all you'll be able to eat !

Love this place and can't wait to go back again :-)
Came here for brunch and found it to be mediocre.

Short rib Eggs Benedict was just okay. Short rib was neither flavourful nor succulent. Potatoes were a good texture, but very salty. Eggs were okay.

Chicken & Waffles Benedict was also okay. I'd give 3.5 stars for the chicken. Waffle was okay. 

I realize "okay" is not very descriptive, but I don't have much to say about the food here. It's edible.
If you're looking for a solid brunch place near the historic part of Philly this place is a good option. Came here around 11 am on a Saturday morning and the wait for 4 people was about 30 minutes. However there's no space to wait inside and not much shade around the crowded sidewalk so maybe bring sunscreen because we had to stand directly in the sun to wait for our table to be called. 

When first told to come in we weren't immediately helped and the host seemed a bit stressed when he finally noticed we were standing around looking to be helped after being told to go inside. Finally we were seated, and our server was extremely attendant and served us water and (delicious) iced coffee. 

I ordered the Eggs Benedict with rosemary potatoes which was really delicious! The ham on the eggs Benedict was very flavorful and I love rosemary so of course had no complaints about the potatoes as well. My friends ordered the Kitchen Sink, which was a ton of food!! If you are ordering that I would recommend sharing it between two people because none of them could finish the entire thing. I had a bite of it and the sausage part was flavorful but the rest was a little bland, so they added a ton of salt and hot sauce to make up for it. 

You do get a large amount of food in each dish so definitely great bang for your buck. I thought the place was good, but would probably want to try other places in the city before coming back again. Still a great and convenient option if touring the city!
Okay okay Ima start this off with... "I hated the Service & our waiter was very awkward" which was said by my girlfriend. I honestly didn't care because I didn't have anything to do neither did she but watever she's mean as fuck don't pay her any mind. The lemonade was exquisite tasted like Beyoncé made its herself. I order the egg omelette with turkey bacon, tomatoes & American cheese. That shit definitely did go hard even doe I wanted the macaroni & cheese with crab meat but that's where my mean ass girlfriend interferes ONCE AGAIN. She got the red velvet pancakes WHICH SHE DIDNT EVEN FINISH!! Like No where near finished. She gonna be eating that for a week cuz we coulda just went to the corner store for all that. But you guys weren't expensive plus they give you a large amount so you are going to get your money's worth. Filled me up an I know it damn sure filled my girlfriend's lil ass belly up. Ima give y'all 5 stars cuz my gf a hater an I rock with y'all! OH YEAH THEM POTATOES Were TO DIE FOR DOLL tootles
One of phillys best, only reason for lack of 5 stars is No Credit cards. Glad I had cash or I'd be pissed to use their onsite ATM & pay a fee. They opened one in Miami and it's amazing so I thought while in town to check out the original. 
The wait system is odd, diff lists for parties of 2 and 4+. You can't just grab a table outside on weekends even if they are empty. 
Everything made from scratch, the food is Delicious and they have a full bar. I've had many items; the burrito is huge and excellent. The French toast reigns supreme though. 
Get there early on weekends! 20-40 min wait but it's worth it! (Not cheap though, avg item is $11+)
I found the Green Eggs Cafe online and was somewhat stunned by the fact that it's literally two blocks from the hotel where we ALWAYS stay when we're in Philly. There's a great brunch place within spitting distance? What?!? So of course we checked it out. First of all - this place is huge. I was kind of stunned. It seems like it's two restaurants that were merged together space wise. Despite that, it felt cozy and it filled up fast. We were there pretty close to opening and they had a wait when we left.

I did not really realize that this is one of those places that's all about being eco-friendly. That's not a bad thing but it's something to know. As such there are no straws, you have to request water if you want it, etc. But overall that's not a big deal - but something to know. I was very pleased to find the on tap Colombe coffee drinks and thoroughly enjoyed my black and tan. I would have had a second if we'd had time. My husband ordered a more traditional espresso type drink that came with a mountain of whipped cream on top :-) For food, he got the shrimp and grits, which was a sizeable portion and very tasty. The shrimp were nice and plump and well cooked. I got a benedict (shocker) and a side of scrapple. I really dug the scrapple, nice and thick and very tasty. The benedict itself was also very good. I upgraded to the hashbrowns and have to say that was the one thing I wish I'd done differently. I was warned they weren't traditional hashbrowns, but they were basically two potato pucks that were super deep fried and very greasy. I think I'd choose differently on that next time. I only ate one of the two, and I gave part of it to my husband. Our waiter was super friendly and very efficient. The food came out of the kitchen so quickly that I almost wished we'd had more time to sit and enjoy the lovely ambiance. We will for sure be back. Highly recommend.

OH-pro tip - this place is cash only. Almost forgot that one.
Wow is this place popular, we walked in at 8:30 on a May Saturday and they already had a wait (20 min) and they only open at 8 a.m.! 

IMPORTANT: this place is cash only! Come prepared or use their high fee ATM.

As it was warm out we sat outside enjoying the sunshine and preparing for the massive food we spied in through the window. The wait really started to surge as lots more people started arriving at 8:30.  Since we were only a party of two and obviously they need to maximize their sales the wait ended up being more like 30 minutes as they sat several parties of 4 ahead of us.

The thing to know is that the food is huge!  Each entree is easily enough for two.  I ordered the creme brûlée French toast which was a bunch of large slices of challah bread smothered in berries and cream. My wife enjoyed one of the daily special eggs Benedict -caprese- with cheese, tomato and basil.

Bottom line great food and very popular. Not a place for people in a hurry.
YUM. YUM. YUM.

This is one of my favorite brunch spots to bring friends whenever they visit me in Philly. The food is tasty & the portions are a great size. They have lots of options for breakfast & coffee. I haven't been here during Covid but I believe there is outdoor seating available. 

You will not be disappointed, I promise. Just be sure to go early because there's typically a pretty long wait but to me, it's worth it.
Green Eggs Cafe - the one and only place that has an exceptionally, delicious brunch that I fell in love with!

I really like this restaurant and not just for the food, but because the decor. It's chic, clean, and simple at Green Eggs Cafe.

There was a bit of a wait but nothing too crazy. I thought it was interesting that there was Vietnamese Iced Coffee at an American restaurant/cafe. I gave it a shot. It was refreshing, but didn't quite taste like Vietnamese iced coffee. It didn't have that slight bitterness that it's suppose to have. My boyfriend ordered the creme brulee latte. Our waitress recommended this latte and the boyfriend loved it!

My boyfriend is a red velvet fanatic! We saw a lot of people ordered the red velvet pancakes so he gave in and ordered it as well as a side order of smoked ham. The red velvet pancakes were topped off with chocolate morsels layered with strawberry mascarpone and topped off with fresh strawberries, maple syrup, and chantilly cream. Sounds sexy doesn't it? The pancakes were so moist and tasted so so so good! I'm not a huge fan of pancakes or waffles especially for breakfast/brunch, but this was amazing and truly wow'ed me.

So there were many Eggs Benedict to choose from, but the one that stood out the most to me was the shrimp and grits Benedict! My eyes lit up with joy, the excitement grew to a new level as it arrived to our table. OMG! I fell head over heels for this dish! The eggs were plump, moist, soft, and perfectly poached! I love it when the eggs are runny. Shrimp was seasoned just right and was deeeelicious! The grits had a nice flavor to it from the juice of the shrimp. This was one unforgettable meal!


This was by far one of the best brunch meal I've had and I just wished there was a restaurant in NYC that would make a sexy Eggs Benedict and Grits together, maybe some day there will be.
. 
I really enjoyed our time at Green Eggs Cafe. Everything was perfect and I couldn't have asked for a better experience.
My favorite decadent breakfast/brunch spot.  Fresh squeezed orange juice, red velvet pancakes, chocolate chip cookie dough French toast plus all the old favs.
I'm conflicted.  I really REALLY wanted to love this place.

Service: we pretty much had to use flares to flag down the waiter every time we needed water refills, condiments, etc... womp womp.

i ordered the epic kitchen sink: smelled delicious. looked mouth-watering. taste? womp womp.  Everything on the bottom of the "kitchen sink" tasted burnt!  It was perplexing because it LOOKED perfect...but i couldn't even eat half of it.

Overall, I was disappointed but I will give this place one more try before crossing it off my brunch list.  Next time i'm getting the red velvet pancakes...
