Looking for a cozy restaurant in Manayunk? Want a unique menu and friendly servers? You came to the right place.
I went to Greg's Kitchen few days ago and ordered from the breakfast special menu. I had the Pumpkin Pancakes and a cup of coffee. I mean there's nothing more fall than when pancakes gets Pumpkin'd. My pancakes came without whip-cream as I asked, It also came with a scoop of tasty cinnamon spice butter. They also came out not cooked all the way through- chewy instead of fluffy. Sadly, I was disappointed in my pancakes. 

I'll sure give it a second try...
Three and Half Yelps
Sure you can make breakfast at home, at times it may even taste better than the restaurant. But is it really worth the time, energy, and clean up? Probably not.. So why not just leave everything to Greg. Even though this dinner is very small, the food portions is Huge. I always enjoy a breakfast that is clean and not greasy. Greg's food is prepared just like I like it. The french toast (2 Challah bread slices) was nice and thick. I like the fact they offer real maple syrup (out of stock at the moment). They do offer soy milk for non dairy alternatives. Hopefully they add other options such as oatmilk. I strongly suggest trying this place out, the breakfast was wonderful.
This place was a great find! My wife and I were in the area after giving blood so we wanted a good breakfast. GK had solid reviews so we decided to check it out. I must say, we were a little hesitant because it's in a strange space but we had a great experience! 

The staff was really friendly and food was great. I got an omelet, Oatmeal, and tots. My wife got the special blueberry pancakes and eggs. Everything tasted great! We will most certainly be back again.
We were going to go to Sabrina's but decided to try Greg's Kitchen. They were at capacity so we had to wait in the cold a little while, but it was inevitably worth it. My husband is picky about breakfast and seemed to really enjoy his pumpkin pancakes. I quite liked the brekky in a cup, and liked that it was sort of like a breakfast bowl, but the tater tots underneath were a nice twist. I would definitely come back, but probably order fewer side items because they did begin to add up.
Wholesome Greg. 

Nothing better for some mornings than to go to a nice low key restaurant with a simple menu and great tots! 

This is a very small place in a little town but with great flavor. 
Greg, which he stands behind the counter cooking out with passion and care every single dish that comes out of he's tiny kitchen is always observant of all the clients  and with a welcome smile. It seems that he is exactly where he wants to be, and you can taste that. 

The pancakes are fluffy pillows of goodness and their tots are just perfect...crunchy, small bites of flavor that's will make you feel like a little kid again. 
It is simply a wholesome classic good all fashioned breakfast executed deliciously.  Jess, the server ( I hope I got her name right, if not my apologies to her ) was friendly and on top of her job, she even spoke some Spanish to my dad when she her me explain the menu in Spanish to him. Very nice! 

If you come on the weekends, come very relaxed and ready to wait. If you are patient I guarantee you will have a great time and will enjoy a delicious wholesome breakfast :)
Super cute little brunch spot right on the main stretch. The place itself is smaller than expected so there will most likely be a wait for a table during prime brunch hours. My party of 2 waited a good 45 minutes to be seated for brunch on a Sunday. Once seated, it was another 30 minute before we got our order. The food was delicious though so worth the wait! 

I had the Smokey Sammy which came with eggs, sausage and mozzarella on a brioche bun drizzled with sriracha. The bread was so good, it really brought the whole sandwich together. My favorite part was the tots. They were so crispy with a hint of onions. Probably one of my favorite places for tots! The challah French toast was pretty good too. The challah bread is a bit thicker than regular bread so definitely filled me up. 

Overall a great brunch spot, although took a very long time for the food to come out. The tater tots are amazing! Highly recommend the Smokey Sammy breakfast sandwich too! Prices are reasonable and service phenomenal.
Number of visits: One.

It was a chilly morning in Manayunk, a gloomy yet intriguing neighborhood in Philadelphia. I was in town for a day with my girlfriend from New York City, and we were famished. We checked Yelp for high-rated places to eat in and we found Greg's. The place, with six or so tables, was at full capacity, and we had to wait in line outside for about 40 minutes (we walked up and down Main Street).

Nice place, it was. The young, red-headed waitress, with her perky smile, offered us coffee and refill. We ordered the pumpkin pancakes (in time for Halloween), nutella french toast, corned beef hash, and tots. I wanted to order as much as I could so I'd have a better idea of what to rate this business. After 30 more minutes waiting, I was beginning to lose my patience, but alas, the food arrived.

The pancakes themselves were a little bland, but with a dash of sugar, a scoop of ice cream, whip cream, and some syrup, what I ate was a sweet mess. A little too much for me, especially in the morning, but I did find it quite enjoyable (3.5 / 5). The corned beef hash was the high point for me, tasting homemade with bacon?, ham?, onions, and potatoes. It had a kick to it, which I found satisfying. Portion size was on the small side (4.5 / 5). The tots were tots (4 / 5), and the nutella french toast was for my girlfriend, and she very much enjoyed it. The coffee was delicious and it went down smooth. I don't think I've ever enjoyed coffee as much as I did there (5 / 5).

The food didn't quite reach my standard of five star food, but it was still quality. With that assessment, together with a considerable waiting time, I have to give this place four stars... I really liked this place. Will I return? If I'm around town, sure, why not?
Greg's turned out to be a cute and cozy spot to catch up with my friend over breakfast! Even though it is located in manayunk street parking was easy to find at a meter. Greg's is pretty no frills but the food is good and they don't rush you out which I appreciate. 
I got a western omelet so it wasn't really earth shattering, but it was very good. I love the tots though! They were definitely a nice alternative to boring, bland home fries. 
The rest of the menu looks great and I am sure we will be back to sample some more!
I cannot say enough about this delicious breakfast spot!  My husband, in-laws and I happened upon this nice little surprise a couple of days after New Years.  We were starving so I can officially attest to a significant portion of the menu being scrumptious!  Specifically, I highly recommend the "Brekky in a Cup" with sausage, the challah french toast, and the scrambled eggs.  I probably shouldn't recommend my eccentric father-in-law's dish since he ordered off-menu, but they were happy to oblige, and he was beyond satisfied with the "best corn beef hash in the city"!  The serving sizes were plentiful and the value can't be beat.  I'm only sad we live 3,000 miles away-but if we were ever considering moving back, this gem would be high on our list of "pros"!
Great place for breakfast.  I went here with my mom and grandmother.  I had the pancakes and sausage, my mom had the oatmeal, and my grandmother had a cheese omelette with rye toast.  My mom said it was the best oatmeal she'd ever had in a restaurant (frequently restaurant oatmeal is bad, gluey, lukewarm, but she ate the whole bowl).  My grandmother loved her omelette and especially the tots (which are light, not dense).  And the pancakes, which are frequently average to terrible at diners/breakfast places, were SUBLIME.  Beautifully presented, light, fluffy, and not too thick.  And not practically burned on the outside/raw on the inside.  When I was finished, I felt satisfied, not like I had eaten cement.

I can't wait to be back for lunch.  All of the lunch offerings (including the turkey, roast beef, and corned beef for sandwiches) are homemade - almost unheard of.
I was at LaSalle in Olney, hung over and hungry from a night of way too many root beers. I  needed to get breakfast in a bad way . So I hit my Yelp app and found Greg's Kitchen - 4 stars and closeby to my location.  I also saw they were just opening so I headed right over.

Thankfully, it was Sunday, so street parking was free (last time I was in the YUNK I got a $26 ticket). I love the location. Its located on the closest-to-76 end of Main Street, just after you turn right.on Main. Its located right across from the Fire House,

The place is small but cozy. Was greeted by the two servers working the first shift and told to grab any seat.

The just brewed pot of coffee tasted great as did the large glass of ice water (help for healing a hangover and a long night). I ordered a make-your-own-omelette with spinach,cheddar cheese,bacon,peppers,tomatoes. It was delicious. The toast was  2 slices of tasty multi-grain. The hit was the out-of-this-world tater tots. Best tots I've had in ages.

Service was good.

Greg is a great guy -busy cooking the food yet shouting out"good morning" when I came in  and "thanks" as I was leaving. The place is about a year and a half old and I predict it will be here a long time to come if they keep serving great food at reasonable prices, offering great service and always being thankful for the customers coming to their growing business. Check it out! Well worth a stop
Stopped here for lunch during a biking trip. 
Small inside and doesn't look like much but don't let that fool you. It's cozy and the food and service is great! 
They were attentive to our table and food was fresh and filling.
I got the chicken salad sandwich, which was pretty large and overflowing.
Hands down the best place for breakfast in manayunk. Not sure why I haven't reviewed this restaurant yet because it's so good & you honestly can't go wrong by ordering anything off their menu. And I've eaten her so many times. 

My go to order is the breakfast sammy and a side of pancakes. The pancakes are so fluffy and delicious. The best food they serve has to be their tots. I could eat so many of them!

It's kind of a hidden gem in manayunk. It's not in the center so it gets a little lost but don't sleep on this place!

Pre-covid - they have a small in door dining location. It's very crammed but I was never bothered by it. You can also always expect a wait because everyone wants to eat here
Food was great!  3 stars though?  Why?

Read on...

First thing I walked in to see was a lady sitting at a regular customer table cutting up fruit.  No gloves on.  This is a health code citation waiting to happen.  The air is there but sweating through a meal is not pleasant.  

The food was really good, the prices are great for what you get.  Both specials we got for under $9 is a testament to a great meal at a great price.  

However, I certainly wasn't eating that fruit.

This place can do better but being cramped and not following basic sanitary procedure won't get them there
Horrible service. 

My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out because it looked good on yelp. It was difficult to find, but when I walked in, the place was full. I walked up to waitress and she completely ignored me.

We stand around for a 10 min and still non one has said anything to us. The waitress came up right next to us and still didn't say anything. Soooooo RuDE!!!!

We decided to go to another place nearby, and needless to say, they greeted us as soon as we walked in.

I know I'm never coming to Greg's again.
Yum! This is a solid brunch spot. We came here on a Sunday afternoon and waited about 25 minutes for a table. You are able to put your name down and then leave the restaurant until your table is ready. It's nice to not have to wait at the restaurant since there is not much space inside and it gets hot outside on days. 

Parking: You can find some metered parking but there is also a public parking lot just around the corner that is $1/hr. 

Food: 
-Challah french toast with strawberries and bananas (3/5): I didn't think the french toast was anything memorable. It was dense and dry. I ordered it because the yelp pictures looked good, but unfortunately it looked better than it tasted! I had high hopes for the french toast. 

-Smokey sammy (4/5): This was sooo yum! The brioche bread was fluffy with just the right amount of sweetness. Everything in the sandwich blended well. The tater tots were GREAT! If you are ordering food that does not come with a side of tater tots, please do yourself a favor and order them! A MUST HAVE! 

Overall, this is a great spot for brunch. Will be back to try some more items.
Neighborhood spot for brunch! Prices are decent and food is good (not great), but unfortunately the place is tiny so servers seem to be in a rush to get you out. Will probably return to order take out because having time for brunch is rare for me and I don't want to get rushed!
Ever wanted a no frills brunch experience with a tab under $25 for two people in Philly? Possibly one of the best breakfast/brunch spots in Manyunk -- dare I say one of the best in Philly. Understated and petite, Greg's Kitchen is my favorite stop on the beginning or end of a long bike ride on Schuylkill River trail as it's right at the termination of Manyunk's Main St. Highlights include a solid cup of coffee, crispy tater tots instead of hash browns, and portions that fill any appetite. I'm partial to their pick your own omelettes which boast a hearty 3 egg base and add ons for .50cent and up. Served with heaps of tots and toast it's difficult to go wrong. Get there early (before 10am) to snag a seat with solitary locals enjoying their breakfast and paper or be prepared to wait as the college kids descend on the place!
Since I moved to the area, Greg's Kitchen has been on my list of places to try.  Unfortunately, it's tiny and usually packed on the weekends.  So when I got a Friday off and realized my friend did, too, it seemed like a perfect opportunity to to finally try it out. 

At 8:30, we were able to get a seat right away, in the window. I was sad they didn't have any pancake specials (it seems to alternate between french toast and pancakes for the weekly specials), but I was impressed by how good the plain ones were - they had a light, slightly lemony flavor.  I ordered a side of tater tots, which was HUGE for $2, and had great seasoning. 

This spot is impressively inexpensive, especially considering the other brunch options on Main St. It's also very tasty. Unfortunately, the lack of seating makes it unlikely that I'll be back too often, but I'll keep it in mind for future days off.
Awesome quick service. Very friendly workers. The food is consistently good and reasonably priced. I live a few blocks away and order here pretty often. Very happy this place came to town!
What a cute little place! Was very glad that I found Greg's kitchen. Simple place with a creative menu. My custom brekky was delicious and can't wait to try more items on the menu.
Delicious and oh so affordable! What more can you ask for?

My bf and I were starved after a workout and figured we needed to shove our faces with lots of yummy breakfast food. I had heard of this place but knew it was small so we had never ventured over on a weekend but seeing as it was a Tuesday we thought we'd give it a try!

There was actually parking on Main st. but most of the time parking will not be the easiest. When we walked in we were immediately greeted and we got our choice of a table. We were brought waters and then we ordered the french toast, eggs, and my bf got a breakfast bowl with egg/meat/cheese over tater tots. 

My challah french toast was HUGE and so delicious. As a jew and french toast lover, I take challah seriously and they did not disappoint. I tried my bf's dish and wow those tater tots are to die for. I could eat a plate of just those (probably will next time). 

We were in and out within 30min and as we were leaving every staff member even the cook said goodbye, thank you, and have a nice day!! So sweet. Overall this place is small but adorable and the prices/food are on point. Definitely don't wait like I did to come try it out.
To the owner: tell your cook next time she yells in a packed restaurant at clientele, she's showing the entire staff what's "acceptable customer service". You lost  a potential of atleast 8 people waiting for a table plus who ever they will go on to tell about the treatment they just endured. 

If you don't want people waiting inside advise them at check in. Don't yell at them. 

FYI I was already sitting down. Those people didn't return because you had 3 empty tables after they got run out. 

Food was good. Minus the yelling.
Awesome breakfast food!  Visiting in town and looking for a good sit-down breakfast spot; this place was perfect!  Good, fast service too.  Had a feta cheese and bacon omelet -  so much cheese and great eggs!  The tater tots are out of this world!  Street parking might be a little tough but there is a lot just down the block which was very convenient.  Great place!
Greg's kitchen is a cozy place for a plate of deliciousness. The service is above par and the food is simple yet tasteful. I ordered the Salsa Brekky, fried eggs, cheese, beans, salsa, sour cream, on a bed of tots. Depending on your palate, add some spice to give it a kick. Great location, after enjoying breakfast or lunch take a stroll on Main Street or Kelly drive. Kudos, I enjoyed my visit here.
Food is awesome, but the service can be a little awkward. 

We've gone about 4-5 times now and I'd have to say that Brekky in a cup is a solid choice. I want to give 4 or 5 stars, but things could definitely run smoother in there. I want to almost just grab things myself if I could. There's nothing worse than seeing the coffee pot that's so close to you and you want a refill...or the first cup. I'd let it slide, but there's always been a hiccup of some sort when we're there. 

Food keeps me coming back. I would certainly bump this up to 4 or 5 if the service/ flow of things improved.
When I go here, it's honestly difficult for me to get anything but tots (the brekky bowls). But I have a soft spot for the challah French toast, and anytime they have pancake specials they have never disappointed! The blueberry lemon pancakes, the peach cobbler pancakes, and the caramel apple pancakes have been A+! 

Giving 4 stars instead of 5 due to it being a little cramped and sometimes the service isn't great. But the food is worth it.
My partner and I have been trying Yelp to guide us to new brunch places for our weekend brunches. Greg's was an amazing find; with low-rate parking a block away, it solved the biggest issue we have going into Manayunk over the weekends from Mt. Airy. The food was absolutely beautiful (yes, beautiful). We both got specials- I had the Salsa Breaky, a nice take of Huevos Rancheros but with a bed of crispy, delicious tater tots. My partner got the Peachie Pecan Pancakes which, from what I hear, were perfect. 
The only thing I would fix, if at all, would be more tables. However, I do like the small space- it's cozy!
4stars because the food is good for the price and the quantity is great! I got the french toast and it was decent, the food is cheap and good for the price! I won't be going back just bc I'd rather pay a higher price for some gourmet! Greg's is like food truck food! The service is quick and the servers were very nice! So if you are looking for something cheap and quick this is the spot!
Great family run business with warm inviting service. The food is well prepared with fresh ingredients, though you must exercise a little patience once the waitress has taken your order, as the 1-2 cooks prepare dishes one table at a time. Some fresh coffee or juice and good conversation will hold you over just fine.

I have been to dine 6x so far, having experienced five unique brekky bowls: a layered conglomeration of tater tots, meat, eggs, cheese, and occasional sautéed vegetables. This past wknd, the daily brekky special featured spicy sausage/broccoli rab/provolone and fluffy scrabbled eggs over golden crisp tots (I added a little dosing of Sriracha). Wow!!

Other exceptional brekky's I've conquered in previous quests include their meat loaf, black beans and salsa, thinly sliced ribeye steak, and pork roll brekky. Each was accompanied with tots, over easy eggs and cheesey goodness.

Of course, if you are more partial to the sweet breakfast options, their challah French toast and pancakes are rave worthy. Honestly, every breakfast foodie's palate can be won over at Greg's.
Although the service was peculiar, the food was very tasty! 

The Smokey Sammy and Sloppy Brekky were great, and the price range was very affordable! ($5-$10 per item) The Smokey Sammy was a hefty breakfast sandwich served with 2 fried eggs, a sausage patty, mozzarella cheese, and sriracha on a brioche bun, with a side of tater tots. Portioning was great - I even had to take home some of the tater tots (which were also delicious). The Sloppy Brekky was pretty much delicious layers of scrambled eggs, cheese, and sloppy Joe filling served on top of tater tots in a bowl. So good! The coffee was not that great, but it did its job and refills were included in the $2.25 price. 

That being said, the service was a bit odd. 

After patiently waiting for about 45 minutes, we got a text letting us know the table was ready. (It was prime brunch time, so we didn't mind waiting, especially since there are plenty of shops on Main Street to peruse in the meantime.) 

When we got in, we were seated at a table next to a work station, while a larger table next to us was kept for a party of 3 or 4 that hadn't arrived. The amount of space between us and that table, as well as the space between that table and the next one in the row was about the width of the table, while the space between us and the work station was only about 1ft. When I moved our small table about two inches further from the work station so that my elbows wouldn't touch the work station (complete with dirty rags and cleaning supplies), one of the waitresses came over, grudgingly mumbled something, and pushed the table back. This didn't seem to make much sense to me, as I've been in countless restaurants where it's perfectly fine to have 6-12 inches between tables and personally, reflecting on my years working in numerous restaurants (from casual to fine dining), I don't think anyone I worked with would put so much space between tables while having the last table in the row sit right next to a cleaning/POS station/cooler. Even if the waitress was OCD, she could have relieved the unevenness of spaces between tables by moving the other table an inch away from us. Also, during our meal, one of the other waitresses spent the majority of the time standing at another work station with three almost-empty ketchup dispensers, trying to get every last bit of ketchup from one into the other, then re-filling only the completely emptied dispenser with ketchup from their stock. I thought to myself that if the goal was to refill all 3 ketchup dispensers, it would be more efficient (and sanitary) to just refill each of the 3 dispensers with their stock... but that's just me. 

Overall, the food is good enough for me to come back if I don't get seated right next to dirty cleaning rags again.
Was looking for something quick for breakfast didn't mind a review saying it was like truck food or something. Long story short the "French toast"tasted like a fried egg sandwich and no amount of syrup would have made it "French toast", more like an omelet stuffed with bread. Threw the whole plate out. The Turkey bacon egg and cheese was ok. Tater tots were like potato chips- very well done didn't like it.
This has been the worst breakfast/brunch I've had in years.  My wife ordered the french toasts and they tasted like bread with syrup.  I ordered the cheeseburger (medium rare) and got a burnt meatball on a bun...I have no idea why she asked me for the term if the cook did what he wanted.  I cannot believe we waited 40min for the table.
This little brunch spot at main street of Manayunk was such a nice surprise. I couldn't believe that I did not visit this place earlier. There was usually a long wait during popular times on weekends, but we stopped by close to their closing time at 3pm on a Saturday afternoon after running some errands. The server welcomed us warmly even it was close to their closing time. 

I was surprised that the entire menu is at such fair prices. You won't be able to find a brunch spot like this center city. We got the Beef Brekky Bowl ($7) and the omelet ($6). 

The Brekky bowl contains 2 eggs, one type of meat over tots. The omelet has three eggs, and as much variety of ingredients as you would like. It comes with a side of tots and some toast too. The highlight is definitely the tater tots. They are so perfectly crisped and well-seasoned, so make sure you get something with the tots!
Who doesn't love tots? Everyone does, so be sure to stop here!

Greg's Kitchen is a great brunch in Manayunk with an affordable menu. I have been here multiple times and have never been let down. 

I always get the brekky bowls! They are only $6 and super filling. I got the sausage, egg and cheese brekky bowl and then I also tried the Havarti brekky bowl with egg whites, pesto mayo and tomatoes. While I think I'll stick with the traditional one, Greg's is always making a special menu which always has fabulous options.

The only suggestion I have is to come early if you're coming on the weekend. I try and get here before 10:30 because there is ALWAYS a line here. Be sure to stop by though, and even if you have to wait, it's definitely worth it.
Found a great little breakfast place here in town. Totally awesome omelet . French toast was great. But my favorite was the potato tots. Hit this place up for a quick delicious meal. Support small business.
I was shocked when I was let down by Greg's even after reading the fantastic reviews! Maybe I just got a bad batch...

The pricing is FANTASTIC, ~$18 for a two person breakfast, including coffees! However, my pancakes were incredibly dry, and almost had even a weird taste? The syrup they supplied with my stack of pancakes also left much to be desired. 

Greg's is a neat little breakfast nook, with not many tables, which made me feel right at home waiting for my breakfast! If only the food had been of a little higher quality!
Came in and were told the wait would be 30 mins which is fine, then the cook told us we needed to get out if we already put our name in because there wasn't room for us to wait inside. So we ( four year old in tow) outside into the chilly rain and walked to a coffee shop. Came back 30 minutes later and they said that if we could squeeze our toddler in between us it would be another 15 minutes. So we squeezed into a table that had been open the whole time and ordered. Waitresses were very wonderful. Food:
Challah French toast: okay dry on the inside not much flavor
Egg and cheese croissant: good, I mean it was good but the croissant wasn't very fresh or special. 
Tater tots: good not worth the hype
Mannyoink omelette: good
Brekkie bowl: good
I went here with a close group of friends for brunch. We had to wait about 15 minutes even though the restaurant seemed empty. Very small place. Would not recommend if you're looking to be seated right away for a big group (i had 5 people in my group). Once we got seated, it was very crowded. 

Overall presentation of the food was great. Taste was good as well. There wasn't much to critique about the food. 

Prices are reasonable as well. The only downside about this whole experience at Greg's was the wait time. My friends and I decided to walk up and down Main Street because there was no room to wait inside.
Went to Greg's kitchen for brunch today, it was very good. Some negatives about the place though. The waitresses and hostesses purposely wait to sit and take your orders because the grill and kitchen is so small. You will be waiting a long time to get your food. So don't go there starving the wait is very long. Besides that the food was fantastic, I got the chorizo omelette it was fantastic. My girlfriend got the Italian porky bowl we both enjoyed our meal. Coffee was great and they have tots too. Very reasonably priced.
Whenever people are talking about brunch, this is always my suggestions.

The food is delicious and affordable. I typically get the breakfast bowl which is a breakfast sandwich but instead of a sandwich it's over nice and warm crispy tator tots all for the price of $6. 

It's in the main downtown area in Manayunk and a great place to walk around or grab drinks later. The staff is friendly. Reminder that the restaurant is really small though and don't take reservations, so either get their early or plan to walk around for 30-60 minutes while waiting.

It's definitely worth the wait so be sure to stop by and try it out. You won't be disappointed. Also, if you're a coffee drinker, they offer coffee mugs you can buy and refill for free!
A great little gem that I discovered last year and then returned to again recently when visiting Bryn Mawr for a second time. The breakfast is simple and very straightforward. Pancakes are delicious! The tater totsust be their specialty because they're SO yum! Good price, friendly staff. The only major difference from LY to this year is the wait time. Maybe it's gotten more popular? We were definitely there during a busy time as the wait was 45 minutes but the process was smooth and painless and luckily there was a street fair so we killed time by looking around. But the food was tasty as I remember it to be.
Our breakfast was amazing! The food was so delicious (french toast, waffles, egg omelette, tater tots). The curbside service was superb! I cannot wait to actually sit inside and eat. This place is a gem.
Just a quick check in to my past review..We have been back to Greg's Kitchen many times, It just seems to get better and better! It's just great to have a place relatively nearby where you can get a really good, hand crafted meal, served with a smile and a great cup of coffee too! Though there may sometimes be a wait to get in, it's usually not long and always worth the wait for food cooked on a grill versus some cardboard tasting junk from a steam table! I personally am addicted to the Brekky Bowls and the tater tots..funny, as a kid the tots never thrilled me. I guess Greg's is actually better than Mom's cooking! My 19 Y.O. son is the biggest food critic in our family. Greg's is his absolute favorite place to go!
Seriously, my favorite breakfast place of all time. Love coming here on weekend mornings and getting breakfast with friends (and sometimes lunch to go after breakfast). Never had anything I didn't LOVE and I've tried basically everything on the menu. Highly recommend to everyone! It's definitely worth the wait for this amazing, affordable, and yummy breakfast
One of my favorite breakfast spots! Delicious food at an affordable price. The only issue is the wait time, but it's worth it for the quality of food and service you get there.
Excellent! Finally, a good and reasonably priced breakfast spot on Main St! $20 for two is always a win in my books. 
I went with the special, Strawberry Chocolate Chip Pancakes, with a side of bacon. Mmmmm. 
My fiancé tried the pork roll, egg and cheese on an English Muffin, also delicious
. Staff was very friendly and speedy with their service. It appears they also do take out. 
Go try Greg's !
The hubs and I have wanted to check this place out for some time, however there is usually a wait, and there isn't room inside to do so. Today we stopped in and there were free tables, huzzah! I opted for the salsa brekky (tater tot base, scrambled eggs, chives, sour cream, cheese, and salsa) and my husband got the chocolate strawberry pancakes. Both were absolutely amazing! Pancakes were light and fluffy. The salsa brekky was a perfect balance of flavors. The coffee was also good, so the meal gets some bonus points. Bring your patience if you come here, because as my mother says, "good food takes time." I liked being able to watch them prepare the food in the open kitchen, but it definitely ramped up my appetite! I saw a few folks who seemed to get a little peeved at the wait time. Trust me on this though, it's worth it.
Comfort Foods in a really comfortable place!

This new place is outstanding! Owned by a professional chef who now has a place of his own! And he is a great, talented and engaging guy..I'll get to the food in a min.
 or so...

The restaurant is SPOTLESS and it is an open kitchen style.. very comfortable seating, despite it not being a large place. Cozy is a good word...

The location is easy to find, it's at the head of the "tow path" right below the green st. bridge.
Parking seems a bit easier down on that part of Main Street..a big plus!

Oh yeah.. the food..one word. AWESOME! Breakfast favorites including frittatas and fantastic sandwiches etc, for lunch. All hand crafted, as are the baked goods. I'm not
going to go into specific dishes as I'm pretty darn sure you can order exactly what looks good to you and enjoy it immensely. Obviously, we recommend it pretty highly!
Great diner. Extremely cute setting. Small, quaint. The food is delicious and the service is wonderful. Very clean (restroom included). I had the smoky sammie and the wifey had a turkey bacon, egg, and cheese on a bagel.

The food was absolutely outstanding. Best food after a long night of drinking at a Halloween party in Manayunk. The outside didn't look like much but what a surprise. The place came highly recommended from my sister.

Last comment. This may have been the best service I have ever had. Anywhere.

Breakfast. Lunch. Winner!
Absolute favorite and best place to eat in Manayunk ! We love that Greg, his adorable mom and regular servers are here ! This is a small in and out breakfast or lunch spot. Looks like some people have complained about it being cramped or not being able to be seated right away. . Maybe you shouldn't arrive so grumpy ! Be considerate that this is a small family / friend staffed restaurant and they are doing everything to run it from A to Z ! Hostessing, cooking , serving , busing etc. And for all that - they do such an awesome job ! It's worth whatever wait you have because the food and service is unbeatable ! Favorite eats are the Smokey Sammy / Smokey Brekky special and the Roast Italian Pork Sandwich !!! Yummmm 

They have a few tables for outside seating now too and are even kind enough to bring you some coffee if / while you wait for a table ! Eat at Greg's !
Keep forgetting to write a review about how good this place is! I work right next door and get take out at least once a week, it's amazing!
Pros: Tots, I guess?
Cons: Really rude staff, and apparently a drought going on. 

I was here for the first and last time with some friends last weekend. The only good thing were the tots, which really isn't enough to make me rave about. The rest of the food was pretty basic, and the most plain french toast I've ever had. But honestly, the food wasn't that big of a deal, it was cheap, so you can't expect much more. But like, I don't know if the waitresses were high on something, but that to me is the only logical explanation. 

Actual conversation: 

Waitress: "Would anyone like their water refilled?"
Me: "Yes, please."
Waitress: "Does that mean you do or do not want water?"
Me: "Yes?"
Waitress proceeds to fill my empty glass up halfway. 
Me: "Could you fill it the whole way, I'm really thirsty, haha"
Waitress proceeds to pour literally one teaspoon more worth of water into my glass and then walks away. 

I was so confused. I looked to my friends and they were equally unsure of why they wouldn't fill up the glass. I had to ration the water, too, because that is the last anyone would bring me. 

Then one of my breakfast companions went to the bathroom, and on the way out heard the waitress talking smack about us. Like, fine complain all you want, but in a place this small, with you guys literally in eye sight, we're going to hear you. And we're going to write about it in a yelp review.
I had just returned from Europe and was craving some real-deal American food and my brother-in-law was dead set on taking us to Greg's Kitchen for breakfast. Ding ding ding, yep, exactly what I was looking for food-wise. We ordered the corn beef hash and it was the best I've ever had. Perfectly crunchy, deliciously greasy, and loaded with flavor (and fat). This is not an everyday indulgence but was just what I wanted after having basic Euro breakfasts for a month. 

My sister and I split an egg dish and it was plenty for both of us. Good coffee and speedy service. My only complaint was that the wait was really long and we had to wait outside when it was drizzling because the place is pretty packed-in, but I suppose that's to be expected on a Saturday morning at a good breakfast spot.  Will be back to try lunch sometime soon!
Had breakfast here, everything was great. Homemade tater tots were awesome, perfect combination of crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. Everything was well seasoned and fresh. Service was fast and efficient and the decor was clean and not over the top. Haven't had lunch here yet, but we'll try to soon. Will definitely stop by for breakfast everytime we're in Manayunk.
Guys, this place, their "brekky in a cup" is revolutionary! Just a cup of breakfast foods to go! Just fresh made classic breakfast and lunch. It's good stuff!
Selfishly, I kind of want to write a bad review so more people will shy away from Greg's.  But, alas, I cannot.  This is our go-to weekend breakfast spot.  We have become "Gregulars" over the past few months, going at least once (usually more) per week.  Always have great specials, but the old standards are just as good.  The coffee is spot on!  Only downside is the wait, which can be long depending on when you arrive.  But, it's well worth it!
Greg's Kitchen = Best Sandwiches in Manayunk! Everything I have tried just makes me want to keep coming back. This place is a GEM. Price point is perfect and the environment is very welcoming. The small staff of 2, sometimes 3, are awesome!  Hopefully I can make it in for Breakfast sometime soon.
If there is a place for you to try in Philadelphia it has to be Greg's Kitchen. This place is next door to were my girl friend cuts hair and after her cut and style we ventured in to Greg's - The food was simple wonderful, servings are perfect, the service is amazing and the price is perfect. If you have time and want to try something great go to Greg's - Try it for 2014
Greg's never disappoints. Check it out. Courteous waitstaff -- my girlfriend had to request a new sandwich due to an allergy and they were exceedingly nice about it. Great food, cozy atmosphere. Highly recommend.
This is best for parties of 2! Super cute place with great food and great staff!!! The tater tots are excellent and the brekky bowl is excellent. They have great specials (which I didn't try this time) and the atmosphere is nice. Really great value for what you get! Everything is priced between $5-8. You can't beat it!!
If tots were considered a real meal, I'd eat a Greg's every day. Greg's is the perfect spot for a no fuss, good old delicious breakfast that you could probably make at home, but tastes so much better because you didn't have to. The waitstaff is nice, there's a good amount of seating, and the food is sure to fill you up!
We loved it here. Outside of Winnie's leBus ( which I hate). Breakfast is hard to come by in Manayunk.  It's really cozy inside and very clean. Bathroom you could seriously eat in it.  My daughter had the chocolate chip pancakes, which she loved.  I had the breakfast sandwich which  was great. My husband had the Brekky bowl and LOVED it.  Greg the owner went out of his way to be sweet to my daughter.  Nice guy!!  You have to go try this place.
What a fantastic local spot. Stopped in for breakfast. 

Not from the area and ran into Greg's place by accident and what a treat. The owner was fun to talk to, really cares about clients and, perhaps as important, seems to care about the town/community. Told us about all the great clients that come in for breakfast, especially on the weekends. 

Food was great. Comes from someone who really cares about what they do. He creates some really interesting things, like lemon ricotta pancakes and neat breakfast sandwiches. 

Give Greg and his place a try. Enjoy
The wait to get a seat at 9am on a Saturday was almost an hour. They sat us(two adults and an infant) between the kitchen and the front door.

Eventually they took our order. Two breakfast bowls and some "silver dollar" (not!) kids pancakes. 

An hour(!) later they brought or daughter's pancakes. 3 hairs (2 in the pancakes,one in the syrup) later they finally brought our breakfast bowls out. 

Our breakfast bowl literally tasted like nothing. Air with water in it has more flavor. At least their weren't hairs in our bowls?

Slow isn't the word... "Glacial" service. Terrible 

Terrible food. Bad service. Gross coffee.

Mouse droppings all over the floor. How does this place stay in business?

Our one and only visit. I'm calling the health department.
Good food, friendly staff. Slightly dirty interior and prepare to wait forevvvvvver for your food.
Had the breakfast tot casserole thing (cannot remember what it was called obviously) but it was divine! Added a little sriacha to spice it up and it was so perfect! House coffee was great and service was very friendly.
Food was tasty, no time for pics since we were starving from the 50 minute wait... Still not quite sure why it took that long to make 2 breakfast sandwiches and tots?? Pick up the pace crew!
Excellent breakfast for $5-$10 per person. 

My go to is the Egg and Cheese on Bagel with Cholula and a coffee. 

They also have excellent Chocolate chip pancakes.

Just make sure you are here early or you won't get a seat.
Had such an enjoyable breakfast here this weekend. This place seems like a great fit for manayunk's vibe...a little cramped, but personable, charming in attitude and straight delicious. Not to mention a good bang for your buck. 

Our server was so accomodating and cracked us up. We enjoyed our meal so much. I got a supreme omlette that came with tots and toast. Omlette was cooked perfectly and got a lot of food for pretty cheap. Main dishes start at $5...yeah yeahhh. This is an odd thing to appreciate but they stacked my toast in a cute spiraled out way and only gave 3 smaller pieces (filled with grainy goodness) instead of the typical diner, dilapidated triangle slices. I thought that distinguished what could seem like a typical diner, to a nicer classier breakfast spot. My boyfriend got berry french toast that was so so good...very fresh and had the works done to it. Presentation was exactly what you'd want and more for a big ole stack of french toast. 

It did take a while to get our food, but it was a weekend late morning and a tiny kitchen. They probably always take a little longer than usual spots, but if you can wait, it's worth it.
The food is good... The wait to get in is long... The wait for the food is long... The place is either not air conditioned or very poorly so... And frankly the wait staff is not terribly friendly. Have been there a couple of times and always like the food. Had a special today - Brie, spinach and bacon omelette with tots. It was very good and they did not skimp on the Brie! But I will probably not go back in the summer - just too hot in there. Uncomfortably so.
This place is great. Stopped in for breakfast, with the wifey. Try the "Loaded oats" they are outstanding. Overall great service and food.
Where to begin. First off, this place is just too adorable. There's a perfect two person countertop that faces the front window, and has a perfectly placed bar to rest my feet on top of. This is important. I love high tops, and bars, and being able to be close to my company, especially when it's my best friend  

Secondly, they are sooo accommodating. Yes. Sometimes I'm annoying. I came in with my little 8oz Mazama souvenir coffee cup, aaand my hydro flask, and asked for coffee and water in each respectfully. The waitress happily obliged, and I was oh so grateful (I also apologized for being annoying, don't judge me. Please.) THEN okay so the egg white special included sun dried tomatoes. But the Italian bowl included broccoli rabe.. what to do?! And then the waitress offered to add one to whichever dish I ended up choosing. Angel or nah? 
Egg white omelette with spinach, sun dried tomato, broccoli rabe, and fontina cheese it is then. 

Guys.  it. Was. Amazing. The flavors worked perfectly, and they cooked it just right, with all the cheeses goodness encapsulating each bite that I took. And. Their tots. Idk why no one else does tots for breakfast. But not only do they do tots. They do them right. They're actually seasoned, not just fried and plopped on a plate. I'm not even a tot fan and I love them. Oh and the multigrain toast is something this "health nut" appreciates quite tremendously. 

Anyways, so after multiple fills of my tiny coffee mug we finally receive the bill and.. $0.50. Guys. She charged me fifty cents for broccoli rabe. How?! Ugh. Too perfect. Much happiness. Actually I find all of their prices  (portions included in consideration) very appropriate. I thanked her like eighty times at the counter for being so accommodating and happily left with my leftovers (that lasted less than half a day). Visit Greg's. They're wonderful. 

Oh and they're open early, so grab a seat before the usual weekend brunch rush.
Delicious food, super comfortable.  All options here are amazing - especially the chipped beef and pulled pork.  The chipped beef melts in your mouth and is perfect for a cold winter day; the pulled pork is cooked perfectly, philly-style, with broccoli rabe.  All at a totally reasonable price, in a cozy atmosphere with great service.  This place is perfect for those in need of a warm, homecooked meal, or those looking for a place to relax after shopping on Main St. Gotta say that the breakfast options also look great - can't wait to go back.
This place was pretty good. Not the best breakfast but not bad. The challah bread French toast wasn't the best I've had but the tots and veggie omelet were good. The tots were actually amazing!! Small breakfast spot and the wait wasn't long at all.
They didnt turn the AC on and we were stuck in the heat. Food was brought pretty late even when place was not crowded. Taste was ok... definitely needs improvement when it comes to handling customers.
Great food, atmosphere. Easily found and parking wasn't bad at all. Good unique selection (brekkys) combined with traditional brunch foods resulted in a well-rounded menu.
Our first time in Manayunk and definitely will be come back to Greg's. Don't forget to check in with Yelp so you can get 10% off your order!
Service: poor

Food: delicious

Prices: reasonable

Overall, we enjoyed our food.  The challah French toast was very yummy. But we had to ask the waitress for syrup and coffee refills. Actually had to physically get up and ask... She didn't check on us more than to get our food/drink orders. The place was also small and cramped. I'll go back, maybe on a weekday when it's not as busy.
This is my favorite spot for breakfast in Manayunk. Really comfortable spot to eat in, if you can get a table. All the employees are nice and the food is always spot on.
Food was very good, kid friendly place... Loved how the cook Im assuming owner said thank you in the way out... Def will be coming back
Delicious, affordable, and organized! Don't let the mass of people outside deter you...I've never had to wait as long as they estimated.  Either way, they will take your number and send you a text when your table is ready so you're free to explore the local shops or grab a coffee while you wait! It is pretty small on the inside, so be forewarned that you'll be sitting right next to other diners, but I wasn't crowded at all. Definitely going back!
A Cut Above!

My wife and I went to Greg's kitchen with our 1 year old son and my parents.  We were extremely impressed!  This isn't your ordinary breakfast and lunch place.  The food here is at a very high level.   This is probably because Greg, the owner, cooks all of the food personally, so he really takes ownership of everything he puts on the table.  It feels like you're getting a home cooked meal. 
 
My wife had the chocolate chip strawberry pancake special.  What made it stand out is that the chips and strawberries were actually cooked into the batter, in addition to being placed on top.  That was a nice touch that most places don't do.  I had the "brekky in a cup" (breakfast in a cup)...a mouth watering combination of eggs, melted cheese, tater tots, and the meat of your choice.  It was cooked perfectly.  We also sampled the mushroom omelet which was fantastic.        
 
Finally, the atmosphere at Greg's is very comfortable, and the staff is very friendly and attentive.  Greg himself is a really nice and personable guy.  We'll definitely be back to this place in the future.
We came on a Wednesday morning around 10:30 and even though the place is very small we got to pick where we wanted to sit. Service was friendly and fast and the food was the highlight. Tater tots are a must they are perfect. We over ordered, French toast, specialty omelette and corn beef hash. All were delicious. Not overly salty or sweet. This hidden gem is a must try if you're in the area and have to time.
Good coffee - great pancakes!  Cute and friendly! The only down side is the kitchen is tiny so sometimes it can take a while to get your food. But its always good food!
This place is solid. Exactly what every town needs! Easy delicious breakfast that isn't an all day process. Brekky in a cup is an awesome idea.  Only thing these guys are missing is delivery ; ) hopefully manayunk keeps popping up places like this.
The food is so great! I love their corned beef hash; I'm almost positive it's homemade. Their tots are so great and crispy. My boyfriend goes there just for the smokey Sammie, he craves it almost everyday! 

The restaurant is very small so sometimes there's a little bit of a wait. The service is also a little slow; but it is well worth the wait! So delicious !
I've been here several times with my 2 year-old, and other family members. We have never been disappointed. Upon entering, you are always greeted warmly by both the waitstaff, and the owner, himself. If you ask me, an owner who is always present, and interacts with his costumers, is a sign of real quality.

Everything is delicious!  Their weekly specials are always great, and we love the witty titles/description of the special items. Things we've enjoyed include the breakfast sandwiches, omelettes, strawberry pound cake French toast (every restaurant should serve this), pancakes and, of course, tots. 

The prices are extremely reasonable, especially on a street with many restaurants offering mediocre food at inflated prices. There is nothing mediocre about Greg's. This is exactly what Manayunk needs.
Food is decent for breakfast but nothing fancy. Service is terrible. The restaurant isn't that big and we waited at least an hour before we got our food. The waitress didn't even apologize for the wait. Won't be back.
Stopped in for the first time today to grab breakfast to go. The woman at the register immediately had a sarcastic tone with us and rolled her eyes. After we ordered, we stepped aside to wait, then she asked us to please go wait outside in the cold instead. Who does that? Probably won't return.
Not what we were expecting. First, there was a wait of about 15 minutes however, it was more like 30 and unfortunately you are not allowed to wait inside. Despite the rain, my family of 4 went to go sit at a nearby Starbucks to wait for a text. However, once it got to be around 20 minutes we made our way over. They again asked us to wait "just a couple more minutes", so imagine us 4 now huddled under the canopy of the next door comic book store waiting. No one ever came out nor text received, we happened to get too cold to wait anymore and peeked into the Resturant to see a table open and walked in. 

So we finally get to sit, only to have to wait another 40 minutes for some eggs and tater tots. I wouldn't have minded except they brought out our food 2 meals at a time. About 15 minutes apart from each other. The food was mediocre at best and the service was average. Not a place I would round the family up again for, not worth the wait. Not family friendly to say the least and food was like an average dinner.
This place is awesome!  The food was great and filling! It was just enough! We found this place on the fly while visiting from Boston!  I'm so happy that we did!  I'll definitely come back! The service was great as well!  Nice quaint spot to have breakfast or brunch if you're with a small party or group.
My husband and I love the food at Greg's kitchen; it's simple, cheap, and fresh. However, after many visits both alone and with a family, it has become clear they just don't want children there. Whenever we try to bring our children, the waitress gets worked up and tries to tell us they don't have room for us, or we can't sit at certain tables. (For example, one visit we were told my 3-year old couldn't sit on my lap, and the next time he was not allowed to sit next to me on the window bench.) Yes, it's a small place, and it's made worse since they often use a table or two for food prep instead of sitting customers. After the third time we were told to wait while the open tables were given to other adult groups, we stopped patronizing Greg's.
This is such a great, quaint little spot. The food is always very high quality, the staff is always superbly friendly, and the music playing seems to usually be classic indie.  It is a tad bit cramped in there, but they make it work. If I had to make a complaint, I wish they would expand their menu a tad, BUT they have a rotating list of specials (and whoever writes them up tends to have a nice, wry sense of humor). Oh, and their coffee is amazing. Best place for breakfast in the area.
I've had this place bookmarked since I've moved to the area. Weekends are impossible to get a seat in, unless you're very very very patient. I always call ahead to see how busy the place is before making the trip there. Like many other reviews said, this place is tiny so if you have to wait you're gonna have to wait outside. That doesn't matter so much when the weather is nice but if you're hungry and its 25 degrees not the most ideal situation.

My hopes were set really high for this place and sadly it was not met. The food itself was very ordinary and sadly reminded me of fast food. You can custom make salad sandwiches which is pretty cool. I ordered the smokey Sammy based off of the raving Yelp reviews (not on the menu, but they always serve it so if you wanna try it just order it!) Granted everything tasted good but I expected more. Unlike some of the other reviewers I think the staff were very friendly and not rude at all. I was hoping to have this place become one of my go to brunch places so I'm willing to give it another shot!
Mmm, breakfast, how I love thee. And for an excellent breakfast, Greg's Kitchen is the place to go.

I'm on the road a lot and I dine out a lot. I was recently in Philadelphia on Pope-weekend (coincidence, not actually there to see the Pope) and was looking for a nice breakfast place. Greg's scored strongly on Yelp, so I decided to give it a shot. Good choice.

One reviewer suggested sticking with the weekly specials, and I'm glad that I did. Of the half-dozen specials (all Pope-themed), my SO and I chose the blueberry-banana pancakes and the Tango and Salsa Brekky to mix and match. The pancakes were light, fluffy and flavored just right with nicely ripe blueberries and bananas. The Brekky (a Greg's staple, by the look of it) was a bowl of tater tots covered with scrambled eggs, cheese, black beans and salsa. Everything in the Brekky was nicely balanced. I like spicy, but not crazy spicy when it comes to breakfast. This was just right: flavorful and delicious.

Even the coffee was good. Rich, full-bodied, but not too sharply bitter. Nicely done all the way around.

Top it off with a pleasant, family-friendly atmosphere (several young families, young couples and a maybe local students by the look of it), relaxed and efficient service, and it made for a great breakfast. Next time I'm back in Philadelphia, I'll be headed to Greg's Kitchen again for breakfast.
Greg's is a nice local spot which made me feel like I was walking in to my local spot in California. Friendly staff and a nice selection of dishes we went for the omelette with taters and toast. 

Egg white omelette was fluffy and full of spinach, mushroom, onions and bacon. It was a very good portion as were the tots.

The tots were my favorite part of the meal. Super crispy and wonderfully brown outside shell with a tender and not greasy inside. It is like the Lay's potato chip slogan "bet ya can't eat just one" and you cannot. Just great!

I had a side of the hash which was a little disappointing as it was just mashed up taters and some chunks of corned beef cubes.  I would skip this one in the future as it's really redundant considering you get any meat you want and tots with your breakfast.  I did like the Cholula Hot Sauce provide as well as Sriracha and Tabasco.

The multi-grain toast was very good and hearty and toasted perfectly. 

I will definitely come back next time I am in Manayunk PA.

4 stars
I've never been a huge fan of eating breakfast out. I can cook eggs just fine. Well that was until we discovered Gregs kitchen one morning... Aka the best morning ever. Besides Christmas... Anyway don't think twice just check this place out. It is small but I've luckily gotten there at good times and haven't had to wait for a table yet! 

First and foremost.... Holy corned beef hash!!!!! I've never liked this stuff... I mean it kinda reminds me of cat food from a can. But Greg makes it from scratch and it is pure deliciousness of diced fresh corned beef and hash brown potatoes. We get this every time we go. No exceptions. Sometimes we order extra just because we don't want to wait a week for our next breakfast outing to have it again. 

Everything else is equally fresh and delicious. I love the coffee here!!!! So good. I like to get the breakfast sandwich with pork roll on a croissant and my boyfriend usually gets scrambled eggs with tots. Plain simple and yummy! I have had special French toast which was outta this world and I'm looking forward to trying the pumpkin pancakes.... In about an hour.... Since I'm writing this review as I'm patiently waiting for gregs to open.
Certainly the best brunch in Manayunk and the best value as well. It's a quaint restaraunt on the far end of main street that seats about 20 people. On a weekday you should be fine finding a seat but on the weekends expect a wait. 

The coffee is always fresh and the server's are always attentive at keeping your cup full. Expect whatever you order to come out timely and plated perfectly. They have fantastic options for omelet toppings, mushrooms, peppers, tomato's, onions, spinach, broccoli rabe (delicious), and about six different cheeses. Every item on the breakfast menu is under $10 so it's certainly affordable and Yelp offers 7% cash back when you pair your credit card. So go enjoy as much at you can and wait for your money to come back to you!
This was an uberEATS delivery. Rating wasn't effected by the delivery.

Meh...the pancakes had no flavor, you would have to add in fruit or something to give them some flavor. We also got an omelet. The bacon in the omelet is like the prepackaged bacon crumbles that you reheat and eat...the omelet may have been better without the bacon. Not sure why they don't use their bacon and just chop it up, it would be significantly better! The toast didn't come buttered, nor did they give butter packets. They gave 1 small thing of syrup for the 3 large pancakes. However, the prices are definitely fair and the side of bacon was cooking pretty well!
We went to Greg's Kitchen for brunch on a Sunday morning. We went because they had awesome reviews, and it seemed like something that we needed to try. It was honestly just ok. The service was very very slow. We ordered tea, waited about 10 minutes for it to come, finished our cup of tea, waiting a bit longer for the waitress to give us a refill, and finished that cup of tea before our meal ever got to us. They don't offer water which I thought was odd. We didn't ask for it because the waitress kind of rushed through us everytime she came by, and there was never an opportunity to ask. The seating was incredibly tight. We were seated at the window, and it was very cold there. I got the Brekky specially, and it was very small. I don't recommend it for anyone looking for a filling meal, but maybe just a pick me up. The food was just mediocre. Nothing to rave about.
