The Grindcore House is a neighborhood vegan and vegetarian coffee shop that serves sandwiches, salads and baked goods at reasonable prices.  The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is relaxing.  The only downside is the loud heavy metal music. I will definitely go back and try them again.
Easily one of the best new coffeehouses to arrive on the scene. from the ample selection of drinks and a diverse selection of music, to an assortment of decadent desserts and one of the best backrooms out there; Grindcore has plenty to keep you coming back for more!

On my first visit I just stopped in for a quick cup to go after plans fell through. But I instantly became intrigued and made note of the the milk selection that they had to offer. While some coffeehouses don't even put out soy milk; Grindcore does it right by offering soy, rice, coconut, and almond milk to choose from. and the majority of it is diverse enough to the point that us dairy drinkers won't miss it.

on the second visit I made a point to grab one of their decadent desserts and listen to some tunes in the back. between the explosions of peppermint, peanut butter, and then some; it was pretty hard to choose. but the peanut butter brownie that I went with got the job done!

with all of the eclectic books, ample seating, and interesting monthly art on display that the back room offers; it easily has something for everybody. And with plenty of outlets and one of the most diverse music selections that you'll here off a non-jukebox, you'll find yourself lounging for hours if you're not careful. Toss in plenty of book discussions, movie viewings, and art openings; and you have a definite must!
omg omg omg omg. o.m.g.  For vegans, plant-based food enthusiasts, and omnivores alike, Grindcore House is a dream come true.  The freedom to choose from a wide assortment of breads, cream cheeses (jalapeno!), milks (hello almond milk chai latte) and processed (tofurkey) or unprocessed (hummus and avocado) sandwich fillings is magical indeed.

In addition to the super friendly servers, Grindcore has a nice space in the back with wooden tables that *don't wobble*.  The velour couch and bookshelves make the room feel a bit like Frankenstein's library, which is very appropriate for this time of year.

My only complaint is about the music.  Word to the wise: if you plan on studying here, bring headphones.  I was stoked when I sat down and Bonita Applebaum came out of the speakers....but then the angry punk death metal started.  I'm pretty open-minded when it comes to music, but I found it impossible to concentrate with all of the growling in the background.  Call me crazy, but I think that human eardrums, like animals, should be free from torture.  Of course if angry punk death metal is totally your thing, rock on.

Death metal aside, I will definitely be back to support this awesome establishment!! Bravo to the owners.
Grindcore House is good enough to make me want to move to Philadelphia. My boyfriend joked that I could probably rent the space above the coffee shop. I thought that was a great idea.

During a recent trip to Philadelphia, we went to Grindcore House every single day. We popped in for lunch on the first day to find friendly service, a wide variety of sweets from Vegan Treats, multiple vegan non-dairy milk/creamer options for our coffee, and tasty sandwiches. Everything was very reasonably priced, too. We returned the following morning for breakfast, and received the same friendly service & same delicious food for totally reasonable prices. I want a Grindcore House near my house.
I am SO SO SO very happy that this place exists. I can't even begin to tell you how much my lovely neighborhood of Pennsport NEEDED some place for us to hang out. There is basically nothing by sketchy bars and seedy bodegas and while I do find the charm in that, I can't really study or get coffee or something mildly healthy to eat at those places. Thank you for existing, Grindcore House. Thank you thank you thank you THANK YOU. 

Anyway, this place is still in kind of "test run" mode. They only have drip coffee and tea at the moment (their green tea is delish) and a small assortment of vegan pastries, but they will be having a full vegan menu and beverage menu soon. I love that it's all vegan, too. Using coconut milk to sweet coffee is the most amazing in thing in the world and this is one of the few places that makes it happen. I haven't tried their pastries yet but my dear friend Caitlin V. loved her zucchini bread. I'm looking forward to see what they do in terms of a menu in the future. 

The space itself is also really nice. It looks a lot smaller than it is but there is a back room that is a really cozy, homey, and relaxed space. They also have art showings there so if you're an artist I'd jump on it now - I have a feeling it may get hard to show in here soon. 

Also, this may be kind of a "duh" statement but they really do play grindcore here. Not my bag and kind of makes studying hard but at least they mix it up with something mellow. Otherwise this would not be a good place to study. 

Their hours, at least for now, are 3-8. Grindcore House people, PLEASE stay open until 8 forever. Coffee shops with later hours are few and far between and are severely needed for us students. I already love you but if you stay open late on a daily basis then I see marriage in our future.
+10 for everything
-1 when they actually play grindcore

I love love Grindcore and can't believe I haven't written a review. They are so wonderfully nice, the food is great, they have Vegan Treats desserts, there's lots of seating/I've never left because it was too crowded ... omg.

So my favorite (because I love breakfast) is coming here for breakfast and getting a bagel with (vegan!!) cream cheese. They have lots of flavors of cream cheese, such a treat when I have plain bagels everywhere else! They make great lattes as well and not judgey at all when my husband comes in and eats cake for breakfast.

The back room has an open anarchist library (honor system I assume) and is just flipping awesome. Generally has an art exhibition on the walls. AND the staff brings your food/drink out to you, which is just a really nice touch compared to other coffeeshops. 

However, if you do come here to freelance/work on things during the day (sometimes my case) sometimes they DO actually play grindcore, so be warned and bring headphones if that would bother you ;)
There are few instances where I don't balk at spending over $2.25 for a coffee. But here, the demeanor of the baristas were reason enough to pony up the near $3. 
The space of the building had me entranced - coffered ceiling, original wooden cabinetry, a lovely back room with a little library and couch area, and let's not talk about the food. I will break a llama's leg to be able to indulge in any of that without abandon. Luckily for me, I was with a partner who had no qualms about a vegan sandwich AND a began boston creme donut, which made my insides bleed just looking at it. The kind of thing that makes you say "F*** it - it's maternity pants, for the win".
That's all I have to say about this place. It contains all the essential elements of an A-Plus coffee experience AND an A-Plus Coffee SHOP experience. And if you haven't noticed from my other reviews, I don't suffer fools kindly. In fact, I once ripped off a fool's ear. True story, Bro.
Two and a half stars. Here's the reality: I'm not the target audience. Efficient staff, dog-friendly, lots of street parking in the area, some comfy seating in the back, and a couple tables in front and out front. Pretty latte art on my chai latte, which defaulted to soy milk (definitely would recommend any other milk substitute in this beverage). I've tasted better soy lattes elsewhere, and had to force myself to finish it during our long drive home. Baked goods were hedonistically oversized enough to share, but we were pretty disappointed at the lackluster flavor of the glazed horchata donut. There's a drought of java joints in this neighborhood, but I really regretted not fueling up on caffeine while we were still in Center City.
I don't know why I haven't raved about this place yet... 

So it's a vegan coffee house so if you're looking for coffee with cream and bleached white sugar, you're going to be bummed.  If you're open to try some soy/ coconut/ almond milk, and truvia or sugar cane sugar, you're in for a treat.  Their coffee is strong and yummy.  They have the full array of lattes, machiatos, and teas made by a staff of people that are of the rad hipster variety, and always friendly... like bumping into an old friend.  If you're anything like me, you'd be pleased to learn that for under three dollars, you can get a pretty awesome bottomless cup for coffee with all the fixins, and spend a decent chunk of time in their cozy back room with free wifi and lots of power outlets.

My sweet tooth has been out of order lately... haven't really had the craving, but they have 1/2 price vegan donuts on Fridays, tons of pies, cakes, cupcakes, and even VEGAN CANOLI'S?  Rejoice Italian vegans!!!  I eat dairy, but i can certainly appreciate this after a brief stint as a vegan... and a canoli lover to the core.

Then when you get hungry and overcaffeinated, you gotta try the sandwiches!!!  I've been a believer in the seitan sandwich for quite some time now.  They're SO good that they're actually the reason I don't come here every day of my life.  I can't restrain myself.  Even carnivores admit they're delicious, but as a vegetarian, to have a filling, protein packed sandwich that is quite a treat.  They're quite sizable too, and not very expensive.  In keeping with the vegan theme the sandwich doesn't even have cheese!!!  How can you make something so good without cheese?  Mind- blown.

Then there's the music.  It's no Starbucks, that's for sure.  I can get down with some punk jams, alt/ indie stuff.  99% of the time, the music is great.  Every now and then, someone will call me from work and there will be some scream-o tune on and I'll cringe... but if that's the biggest problem I'm having, we're all doing just fine!

Go here.  It's locally owned, its fresh, it's tasty, it's moderately priced, its green, and it's coffee.  You'll leave feeling awake, full, and just a bit cooler.  Enough said.
It made me so happy when I ended up down near Grindcore House on Saturday. it was a beautiful day & I've been enjoying taking long walks to explore the neighborhoods near me. How amazing that I can accidentally arrive at a vegan business, thank you Philly for your vegan awesomeness.

Grindcore was everything I hoped it would be. The staff was awesome and friendly. The hot chocolate was hot & chocolatey & loaded with vegan whipped cream. And the cannoli from Vegan Treats was probably the best cannoli I've ever eaten. 

I will be back & I will be back often & I will try to remember to update this review with more of my favorite yummies as I try them.
My favorite AM Philly spot. Everything is vegan. They play metal but it really is not that loud. I have read many New York Times articles in there with my vegan bagel and cream cheese. The sun dried tomato cream cheese is the best. Good coffee and be aware you'll eat more than you thought you would when you see all the desserts from Vegan Treats on display.
Love it here! 

The Kropotkin sandwich is my new favorite, but an everything bagel with jalapeño cream cheese is a very close second. They've also got vegan treats here- highly recommend their beautiful peanut butter brownie to anyone with a sweet tooth. Also, lol@ one of the older reviews on here complaining about the lack of milk!? It's a vegan coffee shop, people! There are a million non-vegan coffee shops you can go to if you need dat dairy. 

PROTIP: If you are getting work done here and grindcore music isn't your thing, bring headphones! True to the name, they were playing loud as$ grindcore music when I came here to get some work done this weekend. Still, I love the quirkiness and I'd never want them to change. It's also not so loud that I can't drown it out with my ocean sounds app when I need to turn down the intensity level. They have a great book selection and a beautiful wall of photographs in the back. People here are nice, just a solid spot to hang out.
Let me just say, in general I really like Grindcore House. It's great to have a place to go where you dont have to worry about what you order and whether they remembered to make it vegan or not. It's also great to have a place with more options than just soy! The tea list is nice and extensive and the staff is super friendly! Tip your baristas, it's just common practice AND these people are really helpful!

With that said, I was initially excited hearing about this place having events, a free library, movie screenings, art shows, etc., but sadly it doesn't seem to be the radical space that I was thinking it might be. The events are few and far between and seem poorly organized while the art shows have been problematic on a number of occasions (The current on display features unquestionably exoticised women and a previous one was graphically triggering). Also, it's good to hear different music in a cafe, and I realize the name is "grindcore house" but I've never heard a female-fronted band play over the speakers here. As a radical space, doesn't that seem exclusionary? There are countless bands that fit the sonic vibe of Grindcore House that aren't just male-fronted. Please realize that radical women and non-male identified people come here too and know better than to think that Madball is the epitome of "radical anarcho-vegan hardcore." C'mon. Mix it up.

Grindcore House is a nice place for a vegan to get a drink and a snack. The staff are always welcoming, but sometimes the space isn't. I hope this at least makes them think a little bit.
Really great place even if you're not a fan of grindcore!

Went here after getting back from Israel into the airport nearby. 

As we walked in we were greeted by the very friendly lady at the counter. She was very helpful with suggestions.

I got a Whole Wheat Everything Bagel with one side Scallion Cream Cheese and one side Sun Dried Tomato Cream Cheese, a Hot Chocolate, and a piece of Zucchini Bread ($2). 

Everything here was totally inexpensive and delicious and most important, VEGAN! Everything that makes me happy. In total it cost 4 people 26 bucks to eat breakfast. That's only $6.50 a person for drink and food. Nice!

The atmosphere was really nice. It was very eclectic and charming. Check out the book selection in the back room.

Oh yeah, free wi-fi.

Really don't see a reason why someone wouldn't come here.
The incredibly friendly staff and non-judgmental atmosphere of this place are so welcoming. I've spent a lot of time in coffeeshops over the course of college and grad school, and at some point the snotty baristas and cranky clientele of many cafes just start to seem normal. Stepping in here was a breath of fresh air. The back room is a nice space to do some work or read.

I'm not vegan, but I've enjoyed everything I've tried from the menu. The sandwiches are filling and really pretty cheap for how big they are. Drinks are crafted with care. 

Rotating art, nice people, dog friendly. I like it.
I'm not gonna hate. The coffee is good, the employees seem nice, I got a bagel there once and it was tasty, and it's generally pretty spacey and good for reading/writing/getting work done or meeting up with someone. The way they redid the inside is really nice, with beautiful old woodwork and it's very cozy. I also appreciate the "Radical Library" and am glad to see a lot of good marxist and anarchist literature in the neighborhood I grew up in. I just wonder how much of the community of "Dickinson West" or "Pennsport" or whatever the developers like to call us actually accesses it? I usually see a variety of different gentrifiers here (punks, hipsters, yuppies) but rarely poor and working class locals. The only black people in there seem to be the pictures hanging of Angela Davis and Nat Turner. In a neighborhood where I know so many people looking for jobs I also don't see them hiring any kids from the neighborhood..

Not tryna be snarky, these are genuine questions I'm putting out there. It'd be nice if we were utilizing the resources within that would help us understand the mechanisms of gentrification and capitalist exploitation. But instead it seems like a lot of faux-leftist aesthetic and a lot of very comfortable yuppies on macbook pros.
When I came back to Philly for a visit I was dying to try this place out.  So me and my bestie grabbed a book on a cold dreary Sunday and headed over here to relax.  

I loved the back room, my only suggestion is more couches and comfy chairs instead of table seating.

I liked the option of limitless coffee, the syrup selection (they are only missing coconut), and I could add almond milk!  (Usually I can only do this at home so I miss out on coffee shop experiences unless I want to settle for soymilk).

They had some kind of pumpkin bread that was moist and yummy...I would have liked to try a sandwich but both times I came I opted to go to Blackbird Pizza for food.

My only suggestion (and I grew up listening to hardcore and punk and offshoots) is to have a little more diversity.  I was reading and really didn't want to listen to a full hour of nonstop metal.  They need to get a few good mixes going with some lighter musical choices.
I love this place. The food is amazing. I've been a vegan for 18 years and this is the first coffee shop I've never had to worry about what I was getting. Their creamer selection is insane!!!
My only issue is the music. I enjoy metal, just not in a coffee shop. I pretty much only go to coffee shops to work on stuff or meet up with people. It gets pretty annoying trying to think or hear other people trying to talk over it. I would be here a lot more often if the music was less annoying.
They have Northport Fishington snacks here which is a major bonus and a wide variety of Vegan Treats cakes. 
If you can handle the music, this is the best coffee shop in town.
LOVE the Grindcore House! It's all vegan, so I didn't have to worry about finding out what I "could" eat. 

Staff were really nice, the coffee was pretty good, and the selection of milks is great, too (almond, soy, and rice milk plus soy cream). 

The cake... oh... the cake. I shouldn't come here too often, otherwise I'll need new pants. I had the brownie cheesecake and the German chocolate cake so far. And they are beyond wonderful. I am not a dessert person, but I could easily only live on the cake they sell there. The sandwiches are great, too (I had the Kropotkin - delicious). 

I loved their iced tea. Expecting some crazy sugary beverage, I was positively surprised as I received an unsweetened tea (which I could have sweetened with the organic, fair trade agave syrup). 

Good music selection... if that's your thing. No just grindcore, but if you're really not into the louder kind of music, you may just not want to plan your entire afternoon here.
Friendly staff good coffee and I like the selection of creamers and agave 

On my first visit the kropotkin is what I was told may have been the most popular.  While it was good as a carnivore it definitely had me wanting for meat lol 

I've been here maybe a dozen times plus since I've moved to south Philly.  The main reason is cos it's such a close walk but also cos the the friendly staff and the coffee is good.  

Only had the everything bagel once with the jalapeño cream cheese.  I wish I got the ghost pepper cream cheese when it was available since I love spicy foods but didn't know it was seasonal so I guess I'll wait for it next season lol. Guess early morning I just against my nerm didn't have the balls to just go with the ghost pepper. 

Emma's delight with the tofurkey slices is good and Better with added avocado but the best of the lot is easily the seitan sandwich with the pickles and mustard. 
Vegan or not it's a fucking good sandwich and so far the best this place has to offer for me. 

Still need to try the carver, Greenwich n the salad but hard to say no to the seitan sandwich which seems to be the employees consensus fave for good reason.  

I'm glad to know this reliable spot is so close by and will be back and try to try the other stuff I may not like as much ha
I'm so psyched about this coffee shop, that I created a Yelp account immediately upon returning from my first visit here, simply to express my delight publicly (okay, truth be told I've had musings about a lot of places and have just been too lazy to get on here; but Grindcore can take credit for being the catalyst in moving my lazy fingers). 

I discovered this place as I was driving to Whole Foods and I did a double take in my car. I was so surprised to see their sign that I walked directly there after unloading my groceries, just to ensure it was no mirage. I've been wanting to meet like-minded people in my neighborhood and didn't feel there was really the place for it. It is exciting to have Grindcore here.

The staff is pleasant and David (one of the owners) was super  friendly and is very enthusiastic about sharing his veganism with others and introducing a varied menu. This must be divine intervention, because I had recently started abandoning my vegan efforts. I'm super happy to have some local inspiration now! And, I don't have to remember to specify SOY latte, it's automatic. 

Grindcore....your neighborhood welcomes you with wide-open arms. I hope you receive a lot of support and patronage.
I absolutely love Grindcore House! It reminds me off an intimate Portland artists caffeine mecca. Every time I come here there is  always a cool art show! This time was no exception. They had super cool movie posters from Repo Man to Escape from NY! The colors popped and they filled the walls of the front and back room. Their cork board always has postings about cool shows coming up in the area too. There's always plenty of vegan treats. They serve up the Counter Culture coffee here and I love it. It's never too acidic. I also like that even though this place is vegan you have MULTIPLE milk substitute options from soy milk, almond milk, coconut creamer to soy creamer. 

The t-shirt design I love and have purchased is a play in death metal type. It's hilarious because it looks like a band shirt instead of a vegan coffee shop and I guess that's the point. 

They also have Dottie's Donuts here that are the recent vegan donut rage! I will be back next month and hopefully not too far from my death metal vegan coffee spot. And if that's also your musical interest the baristas will be sure to please your ear drums! 

I have to say thanks to the lovely lady who pulled out three shirts before I decided on the girl shirt! You convinced me of the super soft and stretchy material would caress me much better then small scruffy male's shirt. I love it when people aren't rushing me and me make me feel special. (insert blushing)
I live right outside Philly, but I try to go here as much as possible. 
I always leave with a bag of Goshen Coffee. Some of the best coffee I've ever had. It's a great place to get coffee, eat a whoopie pie & unwind.
The staff is nice, the music is not too loud and the food is great. A major plus is the vegan creamer options. It's not just store brand soy milk that's a couple days old in a dirty container. 
I think listening to metal while drinking coffee is awesome.
Just made my plans for weekend coffee....
More than 3+ Stars for Grindcore but just not a 4 for me. Loved the Everything Bagel w/Cream Cheese and Chives.  Coffee was good and hot. Service behind the counter was friendly and courteous. Looked in the back of the shop for a comfortable spot and found it a sea of hipsters nursing cold coffees and staring at laptops, tablets and phones. Not much happening there.  Squeezed onto window front stools in front of store for the full on experience. For breakfast dessert we sampled a couple of Dotties Doughnuts.  They were sweet enough, but as an un-apologetic Dun-Well Doughnut snob, I have to tell you the Dotties Doughnuts had a heaviness about them that stayed around most of the morning. Neighborhood and area is changing quickly and Grindcore will do well. Good luck parking.
This place was one of my "must go to" stops when visiting philly overnight and I was not disappointed at all. Everything is order online and take out here but they made it super easy and were fast! Even with the traffic making us late to pick up everything was still hot! The grizzli breakfast sandwich was the best vegan breakfast sandwich I've ever had, I miss it already. I have t had a brownie since going vegan two years ago and this one was just how I remember them! You've never know it was vegan and it was super fresh and soft still. I also got a "swamp thing" coffee which wasn't as minty as I expected but from someone who doesn't like coffee, I enjoyed it. Def making sure I always come here every time I visit.
Delicious iced coffee in a tall glass? Check.
Brutal death grind blasting in the back room? Check.
Calendar of anarchist events around Philly? Check.
Vegan treats? Check. 

This place is fucking awesome. The folks behind the counter are really really friendly, and there was great parking for bikes!

I highly recommend going here for some coffee. They fucking rule. Next time I'm down in Philly I'm totally going to get one of their shirts!!
Very cute little place my friend and I discovered from Yelp looking for something small on a Saturday morning.

They allow dogs in here which is nice because while sitting outside, we noticed a lot of people were walking their dogs and stopped in here.

I had the Greenwich sandwich which consisted of avocado, tomato, lettuce, spinach, hummus and cucumber. Hummus and avocado!? Must get! A little disappointed though since I didn't taste any hummus.
I also had the hot chocolate which had too much milk or cream and no chocolate taste.

The atmosphere was nice and sitting outside under a tree and a kind of quiet little neighborhood was nice.

They also have more seating indoors but we only peeked inside.

Not sure there is a point to their website. There is no menu or at least I couldn't find it which would then mean it was poorly designed.
I've had a lot of teas, desserts, & sandwiches here. Nothing I wouldn't want again.

One of the best places to get vegan dessert in the city (ever-changing selections). They always have the best Vegan Treats choices, and I think they charge less than Govinda's. 

Staff is cool. Music is good (a lot of punk-influenced hardcore). Local art is a plus. 

And they have an interesting library in the back - lots of unique books to pick through while melting into the couch with coconut-cream-spiked coffee and vegan peanut butter cheesecake.
Charming cafe with a hardcore edge: check
Fresh sandwiches, made-to-order: check
Perfectly ripened avocado on almost everything: check
Awesome coffee, tea, and beverages: check
Killer vegan desserts, like the raspberry white chocolate cheesecake: check and mate

Must. come. back. immediately.
This place is awesome. I'm not anything close to a vegan, but it's definitely a plus at a coffee place:

1) I love the environmentally friendly crap. It's awesome.

2) The variety of non-milk creamers is great. Almond, soy, rice, coconut.

3) TRUVIA.

Haven't tried the food yet, but I certainly will. My girlfriend says it's delicious.

The staff is nice, too, which is always KEY at a coffee place.
My only gripe is that this wasn't here when I lived around the corner. I would've been here every single morning. Amazing! A vegan paradise! 

My favorite is the "Tree Hugger" salad mixed greens, cucumbers, tomatoes, red onions, avocado, olives and a yummy, crunchy seed mixture topping. Choose from shiitake mushroom dressing or goddess. The mushroom is my go to! Delicious!! I alternate between that and sometimes a toasted everything bagel with jalapeño cream cheese with spinach, tomato, avocado and cucumbers. Both great choices! 

Their cakes are bananas! Carrot cake, Speculoos bombs, chocolate covered cannoli. Wowza! Delicious! Not just by vegan standards either! They now carry Dotties Donuts as well! 

Coffee and teas complete with a fixings bar....almond milk, soy milk, raw sugars, agave. Yea baby! I'm a big fan of their lavender syrup which they make in house from freshly ground lavender and a tad of raw sugar. Iced chai is another favorite! Oh, and They carry my favorite Synergy Kombucha too! .   

The back room is very cute and relaxing. Small tables and couches. Dog friendly! Many people doing work on their computers too. They have books for both adults and kids! The cutest vegetarian kids books ever! Take note of all the flyers on the wall! There's some cool happenings and business that are posted! I always find some hidden gem up there! 

There are a couple outdoor tables which is lovely in this quieter neighborhood. There's also a bar by the window in the front of house. 

Super chill. A quick vegan breakfast must!
good food.  vegan treats. good coffee. wide assortment of creamer options. whats not to like?  maybeeeee i would dock a star for the horrible music they play OR the slightly inflated prices, but the coffee is so good i'd rather not bother.

ALSO TRY THE SANDWICHES!!!!!!!!!!  i love love love them!
Great local vegan coffee shop totally got it right. The staff are all super friendly. In addition to great vibes, great coffee and vegan food, it's also a great meet up or study spot. There's extra chairs and tables in the back with a big couch and some great reading material.
All right, I'm moving this up to five stars.  It was close, anyway, and the generous anniversary party they threw yesterday pushed them into the top category for me.  They appear to have even more vegan milk choices than before, which hardly seemed possible, and the service is consistently outstanding.  I don't know of an all-vegan environment anywhere that offers better value, service, and ambiance, with a splendid selection of drinks and good coffee shop-style food.

Thanks, Grindcore House!
Grindcore House is a great place to get coffee and listen to a interesting  selection of music. Ranging from mellow indie rock to grindcore (how ironic!).

The building seems very old and has a cool vibe to it. The architecture alone is reason enough to stop in for a cup of coffee. The front has one of the old wooden walk-in refrigerators and cute kitchen area. The back seating area has a homely feel to it. There is a ton of seating with several desks to do work on. The artwork throughout the place is really nice and adds even more character.  

I'm not sure what coffee they use, but it is fairly strong and tasty. They have a nice assortment of milk and creams available as well.

I can see myself becoming a regular here, its a great atmosphere and everyone there was very nice.
While traveling I was recommended to stop here by @phillyvegans and I'm so glad I did!

My husband and I came here for coffee and bagels on a Sunday morning.  The case of baked goods was stocked and they offered a wide variety of bagels, vegan cream cheeses and Earth Balance butter.  I was very pleasantly surprised!

We ordered a couple bagels, donuts and an iced coffee.  Everything was great!  The bagels were fresh and the chive cream cheese was really, really good!  Good vegan donuts are hard to come by, but we thought theirs were great.

The girls at the counter were friendly and had our order ready fast.  Everything was really reasonably priced, too.  The music was loud, but the place is called Grindcore House, so you kind of have to expect it!  We like it anyway, so it worked for us.  Next time we're in Philly, we will be stopping here again.
Just wanted to update to say that every time I come here, I like it more.  The staff really puts this place over the top ... how many places would not only NOT scoff at you drinking 5 cups of the bottomless coffee, but be ACTIVE about making sure that I always had a full cup.  Really great stuff.

I have also now tried the food and it's excellent.  While not completely satisfying to me personally (as I need some meat),  they are incredibly tasty and quite large.  The hummus is fantastic, and I really love the multi-grain bread.  The Greenwhich is my current fave.

In short, it's really great that my girlfriend lives a block away from this place.
After taking time to vent about the poor (non-existent) service at B2 as well as their mediocre coffee, it was such a delight  and pleasure to finally visit Grindcore House. Had I known they sold Counter Culture, I would have been here sooner. The place is CLEAN, they offer a plethora of vegan friendly savory and sweet options, and they have classy professional baristas who were super duper friendly and sweet. This coffee shop offers the quality coffee product like an Ultimo, the yummy food options of a B2(they do have some good food) and the 5 star customer service of a (cough, cough) Starbucks.  Who thought that hipsters could smile and actually enjoy their job? Only complaint was the Slayer or whatever death metal they chose to play. It kind of upset the chill coffee shop vibe for me. Other than that, bravissimo!!!!!
Not vegan friendly.... but ABSOLUTELY VEGAN!!!   wow!   Take that, Philadelphia!  Enthusiastic staff behind the counter of this long anticipated, super cute cafe in Pennsport.  LURVE IT!  I suppose we can let the omnivores in too... for a slice of cake with their soy latte, [no mammary compromises, truly VEGAN] +2 points!!  Sandwich menu coming soon.  Please support this place.  I want it to continue to do well (it was pretty busy today, late Saturday afternoon).  Lots of tables in the back space, cool art on display.  great work guys.  very excited! I should put the word vegetarian in this just in case someone is searching: vegetarian.  :-)
I love vegan coffeeshops. I love vegan coffeeshops with incredible and diverse selections of tea even more.
Grindcore offers both.
Came here with a friend yesterday and we got a bagel with "cream cheese" and zucchini bread to share. For drinks, she got a cinnamon almond chai latte with hazelnut syrup while I got a coconut chai latte with marshmallow syrup. Both were DELICIOUS!
Grindcore has a very interesting ambience. Very pro-activist and heavy metal. Personally find it to be a better place for conversation than studying (unless you can concentrate with heavy metal playing in the background) but this place has a good amount of seating. Friendly staff!
Will definitely come back!
I could have given this place 5 stars if it wasn't for the poor customer service.  I just moved to Philly and was told that Grindcore was THE spot to go to for a decent vegan sandwich and stellar cup of coffee, so I went in for lunch.  I walked in and there was a short line.  Typical for a lunch crowd.  The music made the wait pleasant.  Then I couldn't help but notice that the cashier (a woman with short dark hair and glasses) was incredibly rude to customers- just really short with people and talking down to them.  I work in retail so I'm used to dealing with customers being jerks, but I didn't think anyone was being difficult.

I ordered an Emma's Delight (Tofurkey, spinach, mayo and tomato) and an iced coffee.  I was as polite as possible, but that wasn't going to help the cashier's attitude.  It was the first time in 4 years that I didn't leave a tip.

The guy who handed me my sandwich (blonde hair and a plaid shirt) was friendly and the sandwich was really good and filling.  I hate when places skimp on ingredients!  The iced coffee was pretty good, if a little watered down. 

I definitely plan on going back and I'd recommend this place to others, but you might want to peek in first and see if that cashier is working or not.
This place is pretty great, especially for writing papers that I've been avoiding for weeks. The coffee is strong (and can be bottomless, if you choose that option). There is typically a steady stream of moderately loud hardcore music playing, which to me becomes perfectly ignorable white noise. The wifi is free and pretty reliable. The staff is generally friendly and helpful, even when the place is packed with a thousand people making detailed requests. There is a good amount of space if you're here at the right time (can get pretty busy at peak coffee hours, whatever those are). And the food is good. It can get pricey if you are getting sandwiches with fancy beverages and such, but that's because the food is fresh... it's worth it.

And, most importantly of all... dogs are allowed, so I always see some puppies here! :D YAAAAY PUPPIEEEESSS
Pretty cool. 
I'm not vegan, but I appreciate the variety of non-dairy milk they carry. All of the plastic (lids, forks, etc) is vegan, so that's cool, too. Unique, nice little neighborhood spot.
Do you know how long I've waited for a decent coffee shop to pop up in my neighborhood? And a vegan one at that!

Only a stones throw away from my apartment is Grindcore. My friend took me there because she heard about through word of mouth and wanted to scope it out together. At first I was hesitant - something this good could not be true, and boy was I wrong.

An old building set up on a corner property, this place sticks out like a sore thumb. You step inside to beautiful hardwood floors, chalkboard menu (not yet complete but they're well on their way), a glass casing of an assortment of vegan delights (try the zucchini cake - so good), and just the staple coffee shop settings that you would find on Passyunk or West Philly.

Not much seating in the front, but travel down the hallway to the back room and it opens up to a ridiculous amount of seating with a ridiculous amount of (punk/nonconformist/modern art) books. Also, if you stop on by, check out the local art that's on display. I believe the theme is/was "Love It of Hate It - Philadelphia".
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!

So much personality, super-cool factor, great food and coffee AND they let dogs inside!! :) 

I went here after a night out on the town to grab some brunch and, to be honest, I wasn't that jazzed... because it was a vegan spot, and I've had very limited experiences with vegan joints.

To my surprise, my garlic hummus and avocado sandwich- the Greenwich- was to die for!  The bread was fresh and soft, the hummus was perfectly made and the avocado was at its perfect level of ripeness.

My iced coffee was also wonderful! My BF decided that he wanted a ginger beer (bottled), and that was even amazing!

I'll have to go back before I leave Philly! :)
I visited this cafe today and the staff were super friendly. Using their persuasion skills, the baristas sold me a cannoli - I just have to say that the filling in the cannoli is great! I told myself to just eat one bite, but nope, I ended up eating the whole thing and am still hungry for more. 

I think the coffee is a little sour and/or bitter, but it's not bad! However, I really dislike the music and do not think that the genre is most optimal for reading/studying! 

Overall, great place w eclectic choices of vegan treats and plenty of space to study!
Lovely, little, friendly, cozy corner vegan coffee shop (say that three times fast).  Delicious coffee (especially iced) with a plethora of non-dairy creamer options (coconut, rice, almond) and agave syrup sweetener.  Ideal for vegans and non-vegans alike.  Yummy baked goods, including a citrus-basil glazed shortbread cookie that was a particular standout (who knew? give it a whirl).  Sammies look totally appealing.  Adore the interior and how they stayed true to the fixtures and architecture of space.

Perfect neighborhood gem to get your caffeine fix.  Wish this place was in my 'hood.
Totally respect the vegan thing but you just can't put almond, coconut, or soy milk in coffee. It doesn't blend. I'm not a vegan and did not know this was a vegan cafe. I just walked in on the way to wherever I was going to grab a cup of coffee. The guy behind the counter looked like I asked for a bloody slab of meat when I asked for half and half. This place is cute but a little too pretentious for me.
Freaking awesome place.  We come from nj to get great coffee and awesome desserts here.  Not to mention  the metal! Freaking love it
what's not to love about philadelphia's primiere VEGAN coffeehouse?! for starters, i must say i'm pretty happy wherever soy milk is an option at a coffee shop. this place has two carafes of it out, as well as THREE other non-dairy creamers (almond, rice, and coconut.) and no regular dairy creamers. dairy be damned! the couch in the back is super comfy. i can see why some might think the coffee tastes a little burnt, but it's more of an extra-strong roast than a burnt flavor to me. i'll get coffee that's been sitting out all day from shady little bodegas in the hood, so i don't really care. to me it's all about the atmosphere. good music + good company + soft comfy couch = good times.
Our continued search for non-dairy (and thus vegan) items took us to Grindcore.  What a great surprise.  Others with more knowledge of the local neighborhood have commented how it is relatively out of place and I would agree but I guess I am part of the "foreign" crowd that some dislike.

Staff was super friendly and answered our questions as we were first time visitors.  Personally I am not vegan and I do not like the milk substitutes they offer for coffee, but that is what is available and you should know that going in.  Amazing place for vegans and they will do your lattee with soy/almond milk, etc.

Food was pretty tasty and we had a couple bagels with creamcheese.  I recommend adding avocado to the bagel to add some extra creaminess.  

Book shelf in the back is very cool as well and has some very interesting reads.  Radical.
OH MY GOD, My love for this coffee house goes a long way.  I am not a vegan/vegetarian what-so-ever and I still feel that this is the best place to get a bagel and a coffee/iced tea in the area.  It's clean, SUPER doggie friendly, and the back room always has a different art gallery every month.  They have a nice selection of literature, some comfy spots to sit in the back, free wifi, and an amazing staff.  Not to mention, the coffee is quite speedy and usually makes me come home and clean my house.  Go here and listen to grind metal while you caffeinate and read a book!!!
I stop by Grindcore House most mornings. Here's what I like:

-They serve cold brewed iced coffee-- the most delicious of all iced coffee. 
-I like the espresso that they serve
-They have friendly, cheerful baristas who always make my Iced Americano exactly as I prefer it
-They have fair prices and a good selection of regular baked goods and treats. I rarely indulge but when I do it is always worth it.
-Very good quality bread and delicious spreads

-I stick to a touch of soy milk in my Americano, but I do appreciate the availability of other alternative milks.

-Lastly, I truly admire the tone of Grindcore House's politics! Not preachy by any means. The place is friendly and warm. Keep up the good work Grindcore House! I always see a variety of people in the morning, so keep doing what you do.
Amazing coffee shop! They have a 100% Vegan menu that is tasty for Vegans and omnivores. They not only have soy milk available, but almond milk and coconut milk creamer. The staff is super friendly and the ambiance is edgy but inviting. It's totally worth the bus ride out from West Philly.
Not as ominous as the name would suggest. The coffe is great and the snacks are all vegan. The art hanging in the back is good also.
While in the neighborhood, I searched yelp for a good local coffee shop in the area. This place was near the top of the list, so I decided to check it out. My whole party tried something from this shop. My mom tried their iced chai tea latte (she LOVED it), my boyfriend tried a regular coffee with soy creamer (loved it), my dad tried a bottle of the organic lemonade they were selling in their refrigerated section (he loved it), and I tried an iced mocha latte with almond milk. My drink was perfect- not too sweet with just the right ratio of chocolate flavor and coffee. I really enjoyed it. I loved the overall atmosphere of this coffee shop as well, although I'm not sure if it's the best place to get work done or study if you are looking for a quiet environment. My favorite part about this place? The incredible selection of milks they had available for coffee. It's a vegan spot, so no dairy milk is available. However, they have every non-dairy option you can think of including: coconut cream, macadamia milk, oat milk, almond milk, soy creamer, soy milk, etc. Overall, a really adorable spot with great coffee!
Good coffee, friendly service, much better than wawa which is the closest coffee option.

Prices are fair, and the vegan cupcake I ate was pretty good.
If u go-
Do not sit in the back.. Not enough chairs & some think it is ok to bring lap tops, not order drinks/ food & have friends who take chairs from other tables. 
If u go- 
Expect heavy metal music: all the time. 
I did not mind, but a variety is always nice , esp in a coffee shop. So bring Advil. 
It is pet friendly for the take out passerby. 
Love. 
Listen to the girl @ the counter. If she says "take out", it probably means U will not fit in.
The main reason I went to Grindcore was that it was the top-rated coffee place in Philly on Yelp. It had to be good, right?

I think the main reason it's the top rated is because it appeals to a very specific niche (vegans into, or at least tolerant of, grindcore music), and that niche LOVES this place. As a non-vegan who is ambivalent about grindcore music (I like it on a drunken Saturday night, but it seems a bit incongruous when you're sipping a latte and reading a book), I thought the place was okay - good coffee, the sandwiches looked appealing, friendly folks, and it had a decent amount of space (about 15 tables for two) - but nowhere NEAR five stars. 

So to anyone who stumbles across Grindcore on yelp and thinks, "five stars? Its gotta be good!", search YouTube for grindcore music, listen to it while imagining yourself drinking some good coffee, and, if you find this appealing, check this place out.
Thank you Yelp app for making me aware of this cute lil coffee shop 6 minutes walk from my house.  I had a chai with their homemade whipped cream and the chocolate chip banana bread which was recommended in another review.  The chai was good but not the best I had, but the whipped cream made up for that. And i loved the banana bread. Oh and I'm not a vegan, but definitely will be back here.  My only negative was the music, I'm not a fan of hard rock. However,  I'm thrilled to have a trendy yet laid back coffee shop in my neck of South Philly.
I love this place and the option to have coconut milk, almond or some other dairy free milk with my cappuccino.  They have the most options for vegan baked goods in the city: cupcakes, breads (zucchini, pumpkin, etc), brownies, slices of cake, pastries, pies, muffins... AND MORE! Bagels and vegan spreads galore.  I hope they start making sandwiches soon.
The staff is so nice, it makes the trip from fishtown well worth it.
Bravo Grindcore House!
a coffee shop near my new residence! yay!

first off: they have weird hours but they're sort of in a test mode right now, they haven't unveiled their full menu (they don't do espresso drinks at the moment but will soon!). 

the two girls who were working were SUPERDUPER nice and friendly. love that good service!

our coffee was served to us in huge mugs. everything here is vegan. so  if you want to put creamer, you can use soy milk or coconut milk and some other stuff. they have agave to sweeten the deal with. 

i also had a slice of zucchini bread. so so good. i need to ask where they get their baked goods from next time i go.

there is a big seating area in the back. a big comfy couch, prints on the wall. The music goes back and forth between actual grindcore and music like simon & garfunkel. i love when i'm kept guessing but always pleased at whatever comes on. 

it's a little hot in here. but that's ok. i can deal. this is a sweet shop.
Support this place! Coffee lattes tea all good. Food wise and treats wise this spot kills the game! Shout out to beka! Bottom less cup and a bagel with cream cheese standard order and I'm never disappointed. Away from all the center cityness and in a cutty area good to hang all day or even get something to go.
I can only speak on the coffee and vibe of the café (not the food). 

My experience was great...wandered around South Philly stumbling upon this gem on a cold Sunday. Went inside...warm air hit my skin, aromatic smells of fresh coffee brewing invaded my nose, and dogs with their owners caught my eyes (pet friendly). 

I enjoyed a white chocolate latte with a perfect balance of foam, cream, coffee and sweetness balance. I sat next to the large front window and people watched, occasionally playing with the dogs passing in and out of the shop. 

Friendly service, great coffee, cozy environment. I will be back!
My original review from 13 Jul 2012
Grindcore House
If you like (1) vegan food, (2) heavy metal, or (3) both, then you might like Grindcore House. I'm a huge fan of bagels with vegan cream cheese for breakfast and Grindcore House certainly delivers on that. I was shocked to see all of the vegan options, there were several bagel options and SEVERAL vegan cream cheese options! I ended up getting the scallion cream cheese on one side and jalapeno on the other. The scallion was certainly the winner. Overall, the cream cheese's were really good but I've had better bagels elsewhere in the city...I only wish I could get the bagel from one place and the cream cheese from Grindcore (easily). I also tried their matte late and thought it was average. In conclusion, I say give it a try if your close by.
Had previously written a poor review about the recent change in cake slices. The owner reached out to me and promised to look into it. He kept his word. The last few times I went in the sizes have been back to the previous size. This place is great, thank you owner Mike!!
In a neighborhood without a lot of options, Grindcorehouse isn't just a rare oasis but manages to serve up fantastic coffee, a great spot to work and incredible staff.  Kick ass salads, coffee to die for and the baristas are incredibly accommodating.  Not to mention the most metal logo I've seen on a coffee joint!  Definitely matches the music in the back room, great for concentrating and getting work done.

This would absolutely be a five star review except for one thing - no working AC in the 90 degree heat makes the front of the shop totally unbearable!  Not sure how the staff handles it, honestly.
My roommate and I ventured out to the lovely grindcore house for the first time last sunday. It was even better than I expected!
the girl behind the counter was super sweet and answered all of my many questions. they have so many amazing looking vegan sweet treats, but I was in a savory mood so I got a bagel with cream cheese, tomato and avacado. Simple, delicious and cheap! 
I can't wait to go back again and try the sweet stuff!
I like this place more each time I walk in, prices are great and staff is friendly. The coffee and lattes are really good.

 Try a bagel with one of their varieties of flavored cream cheese, an everything bagel with jalapeno cream cheese is my favorite.
I would give this 5 stars for friendly service alone! The girl at the counter is the nicest person you will ever meet!! So friendly!! I visited a year ago and thought she was having a good day that morning. When I visited recently, she had that same cheery attitude so it must be for real! 
I had the vegan cheesesteak, which was more like a vegan roast beef club. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't quite what I was expecting. They were very generous with the portion fixings though.
They get their vegan baked goods from Vegan Treats every Thursday any time from 12-3pm. They probably get the largest order besides from Gondivas! Love Vegan treats! So I'm happy they get them! 
It's not in the greatest if neighborhoods and its not very close to center Philly....but I'd rather do than without it
If I could give more than 5 stars, I would.

The owners clearly understand what tastes good. The sandwiches are spot on. I think I've had every single one on the menu and they're all good. They use high quality bread and, if you're taking it to-go, they'll wrap the sandwich in a cute, black-and-white paper. From outside to in, the sandwich is delightful!

The vegan desserts are also delicious -- they come from various different local vegan bakeries and there's a wonderful, varied selection: sweet potato chocolate-chip blondies, chocolate-peanut butter cheesecake, pumpkin bread, ginger snap cookies, zucchini bread, apple spice muffins, etc. 

Because it's in a very residential neighborhood, street parking is easy to find and free. If I lived closer, I would go here more often. Because I don't live close, I end up buying several items to take home with the intention of savoring them throughout the week. Embarrassingly, they usually don't make it past that day....
grindcore rocks. i wish it was in my neighborhood, so that i could be (and would be) a regular. the sandwiches are awesome (yay! field roast!) and they feature cakes from vegan treats, as well as goodies from local vegan bakeries.
the hot drinks menu looks pretty extensive, although i haven't tried anything. and i love that they have both soy and coconut milk based options for coffee creamer. the staff is nice, the space is cozy, and it's a chill place to hang out on a sunday afternoon.

yay, grindcore!
The chai tea latte is awesome. Sandwiches and bagels here are good, but nothing you couldn't make at home.

Grindcore House serves good, simple meals. The restaurant is a comfortable place to dine, read a book, or do some homework. The staff is friendly. Grab a Vegan Treats dessert on your way out!
To go to a cafe and have to decide what sort of non-dairy milk to put in my coffee is a true luxury.  Awesome fair-trade coffee, super friendly staff that knows your name, a concise menu with bagels and a true selection of vegan shmears... topped off with affordable prices and a true community feel. Plus, grandmom-approved baked goods. Love!
Cozy coffee shop serving a vegan-take on the usual cafe fare. Sounds simple, but look forward to coming her for flavored tofu-cream cheeses.
This is a great place whether you want lunch, a snack or just a cup of tea.  I have been here with my son who has tea while working on his dissertation, and with my daughter who has lunch while working on our plans! We have never been disappointed.  First, the staff is willing to give us suggestions and wait lengthy periods of time while I make up my mind. Second, the tea is delicious, enough to make me love any cafe.  Third, the sandwiches are great - we are always pleased with our food. Finally and best of all, there are terrific and affordable dairy free desserts.

The location is excellent for us and we can walk or ride bikes there. We find parking for the bikes right outside the front door near the cafe table.  We can walk from GH to South Street for some additional shopping and entertains, so location is a plus.
Grindcore House is a unique vegan coffee shop with lots of character and an inspiring activist attitude. I had a Mexican coffee here and it was honestly one of the best cups of coffee I've ever had. Much of the original 100-year-old interior is intact the large windows in the front let in a ton of light. A great place to hang and get some work done and ingest vegan fuel.
Lovely little place.  Great coffee and lattes.  Sandwiches  were delicious, but it's all about that bread! 
They also do different types of iced teas daily - I love the grapefruit varieties.  
I went in once and realized I'd forgotten my wallet after ordering.  They let me have the drink on the house, and I paid them for it later. 
Awesome!
Great vegan option in south Philly. Hipster vibe.
Greenwich sandwich is fabulous.
Pastries and coffee selection gets A+
I searched Yelp to find a few spots near my office where I could have lunch.  I went today and truly enjoyed my lunch! I had the Greenwich sandwich - avocado, tomato, lettuce, spinach, hummus and cucumber.  I also had the banana and chocolate chip bread which was moist and tasty!

Next time I'll try the hot drinks.  I'll definitely be a regular.
Amazing desserts, pretty good coffee with options of vegan goodness for milks (coconut, almond, rice, soy - hello!!! :) and even some gluten free goodies from time to time with possibilities for more in the future. Chill space for hanging out in back or in front and a nice calm scene.
Love the hole-in-the-wall, Brooklyn-esque, black and white pictures on the wall accompanied by metal music, and the plushy armchairs and rickety tables throughout.

Prices are decent. Coffee is amazing. Lattes have different syrups to try from. Pastries and scones and iced teas on display are a nice treat. Friendly staff, warm and welcoming vibe, free WiFi, chill.  What more can you ask for?

Will definitely be back here to try their bagel sandwiches and homemade pastries and maybe post up with a book for an hour or two.
Great little coffee house, friendly staff, and lots of vegan treats.  I got a vegan chocolate chip muffin that was soo good- perhaps better than any non-vegan muffin I've had.  I also really liked the huge milk selection for coffee- they had soy, skim, whole, and almond milk.  Cozy back room with lots of seating and tables.  They also let you bring your dog in.  I will definitely be back with my pooch!
I really like grindcore house. They've got great coffee and lots of delicious teas, and bagels that are simply awesome and a variety of vegan cream cheeses that they blend with various tasty ingredients (I believe they do this). I've never been to a place with so many vegan cream options (coconut milk and rice milk are especially good), and they always have agave. It's wonderful.

My issue with the place (and it is a personal thing, but what isn't?) is that I can only go fairly early in the morning. When I've been there later, the music is louder and awful. I went with a friend once and she couldn't stay focused on the book she was reading, but rather kept laughing at the death metal (I guess) that was playing. And it wasn't funny; she just wanted to leave.

Mornings are really nice though. I can enjoy the place then, and it is indeed very homey, there are a lot of good books and local activist literature on the shelves, and the baristas are always incredibly friendly.
The cinnamon spice cupcake makes me super, duper happy. The cake is really moist (applesauce?) and the frosting rich and luscious. It does not taste sugary or artificial in any way...leaving me feeling light, satisfied and not a bit guilty or indulgent. The size of the cupcake is perfect, unlike the large muffin sized cupcakes you find at most places these days.  Please keep these coming Grindcore!  (The pumpkin cupcake is yummy too, but cinnamon spice has completely won me over).

I also recommend trying one of Grindcore's homemade flavored cream cheeses. I had sun-dried tomato on a sesame bagel. It was smooth and creamy (creamy in a non-dairy sort of way, that is).
Perfect location. Excellent music. Large vegan variety. Pumpkin lattes. Dog friendly. Yes please.
My new favorite place to kill time. Excellent chai lattes. Cold brewed iced coffee, which of course is the only way to make great iced coffee. I haven't tried the goodies or sandwiches yet but they look absolutely delectable. 
On top of all this the atmosphere is fantastic with ample seating indoors, some tables outdoors, air conditioning, WiFi and of course hard core coming through the speakers at a reasonable volume.
Spent the first 27 years of my life in Philly and I didn't know about this place. Now I live in LA and every time I come back with my wife to visit family Grindcore House is at the top of our list of places we need to go! Great vegan menu and excellent staff on top of reasonable prices. Can't ask for much more.
This place was my first impression of the veg scene in Philly. 6 months later and I live a couple blocks away.

With honest to god some of the best deli sandwiches you will find, veg or not, friendly staff, and a killer atmosphere, this is definitely a place to hit up.
What a great find!! Amazing coffee/espresso drinks, incredible service and great good. The seitan sandwich was incredible and the salad was delicious, crisp and fresh. The atmosphere topped it off. I've been here twice and I'll be back many more times!!
Very good coffee. Plenty of vegan choices if you're into that. Gluten free options as well. The staff is very friendly and polite. I come here often on my walks for exercise (I've had 2 major back surgeries, disabled). Having Dickenson Park right down the block is great as well. 

They do have couches and table and chair setups in the back, and window seating upfront. They have 5 outdoor tables, 4 on the northern side, so shade!

My only complaint is the music they play (Grindcore, duh), as it isn't a relaxing style of music. Easily fixed with IEMs and my own song list. 

Food is very good. Bagles, donuts, and sandwiches are all above what you'd think. I have loved everything I've had.
Grindcore is where I go when I want to feel I belong. I'm straightedge and vegan. They have an awesome vegan menu with an impressive array of desserts (from vegan treats, a Lehigh valley  based company) and the staff is top notch-nice and knowledgable. 
...and, you know, the music is always on point.
They took a leap years ago in opening a shop that stayed 100% true to its ethos, and it has worked out well, garnering the respect and loyalty of those who share in a pure vegan lifestyle. 
Thank goodness someone goes all the way here. If you want dairy for your coffee, you can go suck it. This is VG country.
I applaud these folks for setting up shop down here in Pennsport where the coffeehouse options are few and far between. The food and drinks are tasty (this coming from a non-vegan!) and the staff is attentive. The space is also homey and inviting aesthetically.

But the noise is another story. I went into Grindcore this morning (it's half a block from my house) with the intention of getting some work done. I ordered my green tea (peach) and sat down. The pleasant twee of Belle and Sebastian was playing. Perfect for a rainy, Wednesday morning at 8am. But then, five minutes after settling in, there was an abrasive shift: they almost immediately shuffled over to some loud, shrieking hardcore "music." Needless to say, it was such an assault on the auditory senses that I ended up leaving.

I did briefly consider saying something to the folks behind the counter. But I was conflicted; as a friend reminded me on Facebook, "Well, 'grindcore,' according to Wikipedia, is 'an extreme genre of music that draws inspiration from some of the most abrasive genres - including extreme metal, industrial music, noise music and the more extreme varieties of hardcore punk.' You gotta give it to them -- there's no false advertising!" 

Fair enough, I suppose. But if they want my patronage, I do have a basic request: Can we keep it to "inside" noise until at least 10am? That'd be sweet.
I find this place to be nothing special. Vegan coffeehouses are super trendy and a dime a dozen. Usually they're overpriced but not super expensive, with similar trendy decor and staff and patrons you can't distinguish between from one joint to the next.

That's Grindcore House in a nutshell. The food is fine. The drinks are fine. The seating is fine. The internet connection works well. There's absolutely nothing special going on.

Maybe my opinion would rise a star if I felt like the staff were a little more outgoing. I'm much more inclined to become a regular somewhere if the staff smile or are a little bit interested in my existence. By no means are the ladies I have encountered here unkind or rude, but they do seem entirely uninterested. That doesn't leave me salivating to return more frequently.

(Another minor downside is the early closing time. If this place were open til 1AM, it would literally triple how much I spend there as it is the nearest coffee house to my home.)
Music here is amazing, so are the sandwiches and treats. The boardwalk fudge cake was a slice of perfection.
So, I have to address what is probably the most hated thing about Grindcore: the music. Yes, it's loud. Yes, it's abrasive. Yes, it's an absolute distraction and I can't stand it for more than 15 minutes if I don't have my own earphones in. But let's be real here....the place is NAMED Grindcore. They're telling us before we walk through the door what kind of music to expect. I took off a star because I personally find the music annoying, but hey--they warned us!  :)

Side note about music: If you come in before about 10am, the music is intentionally a lot calmer. I used to work from my laptop in Grindcore 3-4 days a week for 8 hours a day, and I've heard the Jackson 5 play on more than one occasion!

Now on to the wonderful things! The staff here is seriously the friendliest, happiest staff I've ever seen. I always feel comfortable ordering and talking to everyone, and there's always a funny drawing on the tip jar (Bart Simpson and Han Solo have made appearances on the tip jar recently, haha). Super friendly!

I actually hate coffee, but I can attest to be tea and tea lattes being fabulous! Especially the earl grey, my absolute favorite. And OMG, if you can make it during the fall when they have special seasonal flavors, get the pumpkin pie tea latte. It takes like liquid pie and is HEAVENLY. My husband is a big coffee drinker, and Grindcore coffee is his favorite! He buys the bags of ReAnimator coffee that they sell, and they're nice enough to grind it for him. He also keeps a can of Folger's at home, but he refers to Grindcore's as "the good stuff," haha.

The food is also great! Fresh sandwiches that are always delicious (try the Kropotkin!), the salad is super yummy, and you can get a variety of toasted bagels with vegan cream cheese (Tofutti). They also have Vegan Treats desserts (delivered every Thursday), ABC cookies, and fresh bananas.

They have tons of seating, including a few outdoor tables that usually have adorable dogs sitting at them, a couch in their back room, and a counter and high table in the front. The back room where most of the seating is hosts a bookshelf known as The Radical Library, and there's artwork from local artists all over the walls. The artwork does tend to get a little creepy sometimes--bloody skulls, demonic-looking things, strange animals killing things--and that's the only other thing besides the music that would make me take away a star.

All in all, friggin' FANTASTIC place, and you really need to go! Just bring headphones if grindcore isn't your thing.  :)
This place is beyond awesome.  I came here with my friend Roper who is an absolute total vegan. Not only was I impressed with the food, but I also learned that I can have different types of chocolate cakes and cheesecakes that are lactose-free. And to top it off, their sandwiches were absolutely delicious.

The other wonderful thing about this place, is that is absolutely, 100% puppy friendly. we went in there and there were at least three or four wonderful dogs, all extremely well behaved. Reminded me of Europe. I will totally agree this place is worth supporting.
Hands down my favorite coffee shop. The staff is friendly and the menu has a wide range of of things to offer. I had a lavender latte that was delicious. Also, the lemon caper dill cream cheese is back for the season so I highly recommend trying it. Plus they carry Dotties Donuts! All around a good place to grab a drink and go or stay and get some work done like I did. Deserts are on the pricey side but tasty.
I love Grindcore House. 
I only eat the everything bagel with peanut butter, which is a fantastic combination. 
Their bagels are truly special, 100% vegan,  and don't leave me feeling like I have a rock in my stomach ( like many bagels do)
Hot chocolate is amazing as well. It is creamy with your choice of vegan "milk", on the sweeter side rather than chocolate flavor, and is topped with a huge marshmallow. I've considered asking to buy a few marshmallows (2-3) to take with me because I like to make hot chocolate at home. Nothing puts a conscience at peace than a guilt free marshmallow.
My friend and I wanted to catch up after a few years and had tons to talk about. We walked in Chapterhouse off of south street to complete and toal silence. Tons of people sitting silently at their computers. It felt very strange so we opted to go to Grincore House. 

For some reason, Grindcore House didn't dazzle me the way I wanted it to. 

The lighting in the back room where there are tables set up to sit and chat or eat was really off. It was dim, but not cozy dim. Dim like unflattering type of light. It reminded me of some weird homemade movie from the 80s.

I did appreciate the vegan selections of tofutti cream cheese and sandwiches for prices you would pay anywhere else for mainstream, unhealthy alternatives. 

I had the mocha coffee. It was very, very dark and no amount of stevia or almond milk, or coconut creamer could save it. Although plus points for having almond milk, coconut creamer, soy creamer, soy milk and coconut milk. Like someone else mentioned, I can never enjoy a cup of coffee out because usually the only nondairy choice is soy.
