I just got back my dinner at Gyu-Kaku.  They only opened on Friday, so there was already a bit of a line when they opened at 5:00 PM tonight.  Thankfully my husband and I only had to wait about fifteen minutes, so that wasn't so bad.  I would recommend making a reservation in the future though.  

I've seen this chain in Japan, but had never gone there since I thought they really only offered grilled gyu niku (beef).  However, after hearing they were opening in Philly and seeing their menu with lots of seafood, chicken, and veggies options and the fact that they had chu-hi's (a shochu cocktail), and green tea crepe cake, I figured I had to check it out.

The menu is divided into sections.  The first part is prepared items from the kitchen such as dumplings, salads, and some fried foods.  The next two pages after that are uncooked meat and veggies that you order with a sauce of your choice such as garlic, tare (soy based sauce), basil, miso, or teriyaki sauce and cook at the grill that's built into your table.  The last page has a few more ready items from the kitchen, plus a few desserts.  Alcohol is on a separate page and include Japanese beers, sake, shochu, and a variety of cocktails.  Our server recommended 3-4 items per person in order to get full.  Here's the break down of what we had:

*Addicting Cucumber - This was the most disappointing dish of the evening.  I was hoping for tsukemono (Japanese pickles).  However it was just some cubes of cucumber with a little salt and soy sauce on it.  Meh.

*Fried Shrimp Dumplings - Crispy and full of shrimp.  I really liked these.  I wasn't a fan of the spicy mayo it was served with though.

*Fried Bacon Chips - My husband ordered these.  He enjoyed them with the dipping salt and said it surprisingly wasn't too salty.

*Chicken - We got the recommended teriyaki sauce.  These pieces are small and cut thin, so it takes about one minute per side to grill these.   

*Salmon- At first they told us they were sold out, but the then waiter checked and they had some.  It comes in a foil packet, so it doesn't stick to the grill.  This took a while to cook.  We had to check it and re-wrap it a few times.  It was nice with the ponzu (citrus) sauce that was on the table.

*Shrimp with Garlic Sauce - Really good, big meaty shrimp.  Can't go wrong here.

*Assorted Veggies -  You get a little of everything -- corn, peppers, onions, mushrooms, and corn.  It's a good value.  We really liked the corn.  

*Mushroom Medley - It comes in foil and is mostly shitake and enoki mushrooms.  They were very flavorful.  If you like mushrooms, this is a must.

*DRINKS* - My calpico (a Japanese soft drink) chu-hi tasted just like Japan.  The green tea chu-hi was nice as the tea wasn't sweetened.  I was hoping for matcha, but it is just green tea.

I really, really wanted the green tea crepe cake.  However, the manager informed me that only one place on the east coast makes it, and it's in NYC.  They will deliver on Thursdays, so if you want a piece, your best bet is to come in Thursday or Friday.  I will be back for this.

The service was good, and the manager came to check on us a few times.  We got 20% off our entire check for coming during opening week, which I thought was a nice gesture.  

The food isn't mind-blowing, but it's pretty tasty.  I really enjoyed it, and I don't even eat gyu-niku (beef)! The main attraction is the grilling concept that is fun, and reminded me of barbeques I used to attend when I lived in Japan.  It's nice to have a selection of sake and shochu as well.  I hope Philadelphia starts to get more authentic Japanese restaurants like these in the future.  Then I can save a lot of money instead of having to go to NYC every time I'm missing Japan.
It's been over a year since I've been to the Gyu-Kaku in Philly but we always have a lot of fun here. And during these weird COVID times, that's exactly what we need.

My husband and I arrived at the restaurant at 7pm on a Thursday. I didn't see any tables outside for outdoor dining. The restaurant is doing indoor dining but limiting capacity to a few tables. As we followed a staff member to our table, we noticed about 4 other parties eating dinner. Everyone was distanced 2-3 tables away from each other. I can only imagine how tough this is for business, but they are practicing safety guidelines and doing it the right way.

We went with the Meat Lovers package (~$60 for two ppl), which was a ton of food. Our server started us off with miso soups, salads, edamame, and chicken Karaage. And then left us to grill our own meats, which were mostly plates of marinated beef/steak, and probably two plates of pork, including one plate of pork belly. Everything was delicious and we were sooooo stuffed. 

We wrapped up dinner by roasting marshmallows over the grill and made our own s'mores. FYI this is part of the Meat Lovers package, but you can also order it a la carte. You pretty much can't go wrong with the packages. They guarantee a good value. 

Service was great. Our server replaced our grills frequently during dinner, filled our waters, and only charged us bottled beers at Happy Hour prices, because the beer on tap was coming out flat. 

I highly recommend making a reservation on OpenTable at least a couple of weeks ahead of time due to limited indoor seating for grilling. They also offer lunch specials at great prices, for anyone who is interested!
Scrambling for typical dinners? Too cliché. 
I advise you to stress no more, throw the traditional dinner out the window, and give Gyu-Kaku a try. Why you should take my advice? Because love is, always, in the air, and like many other women, I have high romantic needs. I also realize that some, if not most people are lousy at romance. Sigh! 
So, luckily for you, I'm a romantic yelper by nature, and I can't help but assist and inspire you in planning the Goldilocks of dates. I say, surprise them with not so-over-the top restaurant. Your romantic dinner will be more special -Guaranteed! 

Your surprise details: 
- Gyu-Kaku pronounced: (GEW-KAH-KOO) is a Japanese "yakinuku" grilled meat.
- Order your raw: 
** Meat: various cuts of Beef, chicken, pork.
** Seafood: Shrimp, Salmon, Scallop, Calamari.
** Assorted Veggies: Asparagus, Mushroom, Broccoli, Corn and/or Tofu) 
- Ask for them to be marinated in your choice of: Miso, Garlic, Tart sweet soy, Shio white soy, Spicy Gochujang, or Salt & Pepper seasoning.
- Grill it to your liking, on your personal tabletop grill.
- Dip it into your favorite sauce: Ponzu, spicy, and regular sweet soy).
- Enjoy! Bon appétit

Notes: 
- Great for romantic dates, family fun dinner, and friends gathering/parties.
- Don't worry, you won't be leaving with unpleasant smoke odor. 
- If being your-own-chef at a restaurant is not your thing(i.e: you are not into cooking), you may order some ready-to-eat ramen noodles, soups, or salad.
- It's not too expensive, nor too cheap. It is just right!
- They offer few prix-fixes for two people:
1/ Kobe style $115.00 ($57.50/person). 
Includes 5 starters, 6  BBQ items, and a dessert "S'mores". 
2/ Gyu-Kaku good value, $65.00( $32.50/person). 
Includes 5 starters, 6 BBQ items, and a dessert "S'mores". Extra $3.00 if you choose Sukiyaki Bibimbap instead of steamed rice.
3/ Meat lover's $55.00 ($27.50/person).
Includes 3 starters and 6 BBQ items.

Extra notes for some DEAL-ICIOUS:
- Happy Hour: Sun-Thu: 5PM-10:30PM and Fri & Sat: 5PM-11:30PM. 
$55.00 for Gyu-Kaku good value, and $45.00 for Meat lover's.

- Daily lunch: 11:30AM-5PM and daily lunch Specials: 11:30AM-3PM.
* Kobe-style lunch set for one person $22.00.
* Bibimbap set $9.95.
* Garlic noodle set $9.95.
* Ramen noodle set $9.95
* Create-your-own lunch: 
$9.95 for two BBQ items, or $12.95 for three BBQ items. Extra $3.00 if you choose Sukiyaki Bibimbap instead of steamed rice, or @2.00 for garlic rice.

- Late Night: Mon-Thu after 9.00PM. 
$17.99 for complete BBQ dinner. Your choice of one starter, 2 BBQ meat and a veggie or dessert.

Mouth watering yet? It should be.  Gyu-Kaku is really worth a try for an immersive experience. 

Four Solid Yelps!
What a great addition to the Granary building, and to Callowhill Street! We came here on Saturday, the second day that Gyu-Kaku was fully open to the public, and we were impressed with how smoothly everything ran. We were able to be seated right away and we had the most adorable and kind server all night.

The dining here is really an experience. This is a chain restaurant that originated in Japan, and every table gets to cook their own meat and vegetables at their own pace. We had several delicious appetizers to start, including the kimchi, garlic edamame, and the spicy chicken wings. For the entrees, we ordered spicy pork, beef, chicken, and salmon in a variety of marinades, along with the assorted vegetables.

Combined with a bottle of unfiltered sake and some Sapporos, this turned out to be a surprisingly affordable and delicious meal. It's especially a great place for a small group because of the interaction with cooking while enjoying your food and conversation. What could be better!
A hand written 20% tip was added to our bill automatically. If a party over 4 are automatically charged a service fee it should be clearly written on the menu however we failed to find any notice about that. Lousy service from start to end. NEVER coming back again, NO.
I'm sorry to say but had very bad experience last night! 
Reserved for 11 people at 8 pm
We came early because we know it's a New Years "all you can eat" dinner so I thought that will packed and it was.

But we got seated at 9 pm because they let people party of 2 or 4 ahead of us even the walk in (what's the point of reserve then?)

At last we starve to death lol
The kids were crying out loud ok we separate table far far away in the corner well family New Years dinner ruin already!

Ok the food! After they seated us the first food came 35 minutes 
And it's not completely serve
They said we can't order until we finish what we had ok we grilled the meat we eat fast because we are family and starving and it's getting late...we order again and again took another 30 minutes to get it...and i have to talk to the manager about it! Smh

They time per person 90 minutes 
So how come all you can eat dinner 90 minutes per table and the way your service is overrated? 

And then when we ask the server for our 3rd serving after 1 hour waiting she said let me see if you still have time for more? What? 
I just don't get it...sorry to say I won't be back! 

There's alot of place togo in the city,suburb or China town,korean resto for grill bbq that taste better and fast serve!
What a fabulous way to splurge! The Kobe Style Course was amazing: the most tender beef cuts! Served with fantastic miso soup (great base), a perfect mushroom packet (tender and really flavorful), sukiyaki bibimbap (a runner-up comfort food to mac'n'cheese!), and who doesn't love s'mores (when was the last time you had s'mores!)? Sauce-wise, I preferred the vinegar-based Ponzu sauce (spicy and house sauces were good, too). A nice addition to the "new" restaurant strip on Callowhill!
We were planning on a ramen lunch before visiting the Barnes Museum but to find street parking for two cars around 20th. St in center city was an impossibility. 
Finding a parking lot only a block from the museum was incredibly  lucky but stumbling just by chance on Gyu-Kaku was a serendipitous experience!
The restaurant was packed but me and my three companions were lucky enough to snag one of the few remaining booths. 
A good start to our most excellent dining experience was the $2.50 16oz Kirin beers that me and the A-man imbibed. Mitsubishi not only makes a pretty good car but also has a excellent beer company as one of it's holdings.
The fried shrimp dumplings that we ordered as an appetizer were outstanding and the seaweed salad was the most flavorful that I have ever had!
Our grilling order of Kalbi short rib, Harami miso skirt steak, and Bistro hanger steak were tender and delicious.
We also ordered Spicy tofu chigae, doubles of Beef sukiyaki bibimbap, and a Vegetable bibimbap. All but the veggie bap were extremely flavorful which was very bland and lacked any discerning flavor at all.
 To add insult to injury, this bowl was the last to come out after an inordinate amount of time had passed. I mean a reeeeally long time;  like the three of us were almost completely done with our meals before our last dining partner was served (she however was a most gracious and understanding dining companion that took the delay in stride). 
This glitch, and the blandness of that bowl was the only thing that held up G-K's  five star rating. 
That being said, this issue will definitely not deter us from visiting this establishment for there mostly superlative offerings.
I would have loved to have given it a solid 4.

Just wanted to say thank you to the staff for trying to remedy the situation. As it was not their fault but I appreciate the efforts in making sure we were being taken care of there after. No need for names; but we understand the situation as we did come in a little over 90 minutes in the required time to do the all you can eat before closing. But if it was the case, then our server could have kindly just told us instead of the lack of communication, attentiveness and efforts that was displayed. We wouldn't have mind trying something else. (So note to other customers; please come and give yourself at least 2 hours before the all you can eat) which we did.

But I cannot believe the amount of time we had to sit between orders. 3 staff (whom were not even our original server) had to ask us if we're doing ok and I just wanted so badly to be like "no" we have sat at least 25 minutes between our first and second order of food without any attentiveness from our original server. Who didn't even bring us everything from our first order and didn't bother to check up on us and avoided all eye contacts as she waltz passed us at least 5 times. My boyfriend wanted to wave her down but the attitude and lack of attention to begin with was just not worth it. This was an "all you can eat" with a time limit.... we spent the majority of it waiting for our food...

I am not one of those people who will wave you down anytime I need something as I understand you are busy with other tables. But it was just bad... that you couldn't even check on your table at least once and that ruined my night as it was our first time here. And we were there to celebrate - we understood the 90 minute rule and usually are two people who try not to over stay until the closing time. But we ended up having to because our orders took forever and one even came out frozen...

I'm sorry but frozen meat? I digress but next time we will have to come back. I enjoyed the food when we did get them and I am so appreciative of the servers and their time trying to fix the situation.
Don't go here.

The employees are completely rude. The hostess and servers all saw us walk in. They looked directly at us because they were standing right next to the counter, and then they made us wait for them to finish their conversation. It was uncomfortable just standing there. Then finally the hostess turned around and said, "oh, I'm sorry for the wait" as if she hadn't locked eyes with us the moment we came in and as if we weren't standing 2 feet to the right of her the entire time. 

Then they proceeded to tell us that since it was 5pm, they were switching staff and just needed a moment. It was just turning 4:30pm. When we mentioned that, she said, "oh never mind, you're right it's not 5 yet, we can seat you." And then a server came up to her and said no, we're booked for the rest of the night because of a reservation at this time and a reservation at that time. There were clearly 5 tables open from my view and from what I gathered, the reservations weren't until later on, so I have no idea why they ended up saying they couldn't seat us.. are 2 people really going to take up so much? 

I've worked in the service industry for years and normally try to cut employees some slack because I know how it feels, but that was by far the worst customer service I've ever experienced just to try to get seated.
Extremely slow and crappy service. 
I went when it wasn't even that crowded and it took 30minutes before we got any food. 
Don't bother eating here if you don't want to spend the whole day waiting for food. The waitress literally dropped the glass of water right next to me shattering and spilling water all over me. I've been to the ones in Japan and this place is absolutely garbage compared to it. 
Edit: After waiting 1hr 30minutes our $35/person bbq was just sausage and veggies. None of the other food we ordered came.
What I had: Assortment of beef and pork yakiniku.

My benchmark: Gyu Kaku restaurants in Japan.

For someone who is a fan of affordable, approachable, friendly yakiniku, Gyu Kaku Philly was bit of a disappointment. The meats are not flavorful (I can't imagine eating them with just salt. It needs extra seasoning to entice eaters) and rice is not cooked right. When you enter the store, you'll hear the greeting in Japanese. At first, I had no idea they were trying to speak Japanese - the yakiniku experience was the same. A miss.
I'll give it 4.5 stars

Heard about this place last week and couldn't wait to go. I love the neighborhood too. We didn't go with reservations but i didn't think it would be "packed". Came little after 5pm (opens at 5 right?), we got seated immediately and the far right dining room we were at was empty, fine with me! Less competition for servers lol. 

Our server came over and was very nice and introduced the menu, concept, and recommendations (how to order, portions, etc). I just came from the beach so i need a beer...Kirin for the win! ICE COLD MUG... can't beat that. I wish Kirin were a bit cheaper or at least have a special on it.. being on tap too. (NYC has kirin on the cheap $5 for a liter). I digress.

There were pre-set menus for various party sizes (2-10 people) which could help eliminate any indecisiveness... we opted for a la carte. 

I ordered the fried shrimp dumplings... (i saw picture on here). And damn it was good! I dunno if i was hungry or not.. but it was really good! I'll pass on the spicy mayo and just use any of the sauces at the table (i used regular and it was good with the dumplings). 

I'll list the meats we ordered with ratings. 

harami skirt -  awesome
toro beef - good
yaki shabu - good
spicy pork - good
pork belly - good
shrimp - decent 
ny steak - good

we ordered with various marinades but  i tried to stay away from teriyaki (too sweet) and miso (too salty). I thought the shio white and garlic were bomb. 

also ordered the mushrooms and vegetable medleys. I made the mistake of putting the mushrooms on a little too long and the sauce inside the pouch burned a little, but didn't ruin the mushrooms. The vegetables were decent. I wish they gave free side of lettuce with every two meats ordered or something... (i hate to compare to korean bbq places, because these are two different experiences), but i couldn't justify paying $2-3 for a few pieces of lettuce. We ended up ordering rice to help get us "full"... was tempted to order bibimbap but had that last week already.

Throughout the meal, various wait staff helped clear plates from our table, wait staff manager and general manager stopped by a few times to check in on us as well. Our waitress was attentive, even as more diners came in. 

I came in hungry and left satisfied. The dinner was on the pricier side of "asian bbq" places, but I have to say it was worth it. I would definitely recommend this to those looking for a fun dining experience, kinda like simply shabu (hot pot in chinatown). Can't wait to go back to try some other meats. 

PS. The crepe cake for dessert is only on Thursday-Friday? They get it from nyc so there is limited quantity.
General thoughts: KOREAN BBQ is what dominates the ASIAN BBQ market. ENTER JAPANESE BBQ, we all know Japan is full of culinary geniuses and Gods.

(I had Gyu-Kaku in Orlando, the land where Disney Dreams and Harry Potter fantasies come alive, and apparently Japanese BBQ food dreams are served.) 

Story time: A group of friends decide to take a road trip to Philly based on one friend's recommendation to go to this restaurant, GYU-KAKU which he had loved in LA. So we think alright Philly should be up to par right?

So here we are, about to try the Philly location, my friends and I stoked about the ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT journey adventure we are about to embark on. He in sweat pants, I in yoga pants, I mean we came armed with our stretchy pants, starved for a week, and were ready to consume 20,000 calories and $50 dollars worth of meat. Well for all-you-can-eat you literally get 1.5 hours from when you place your first order. We went HAM and ordered nearly the whole menu. And honestly LA and Orlando you kill it in comparison with the Philly location. 

The server never told us what meats needs to be cooked for how long, and unlike the LA and Orlando locations they don't do any of the cooking for you, they leave you to it. Which I don't mind the independence but I need a little mentorship, a little guidance first. Point is the quality of the meat is a lot better than most places, but the side dishes here weren't all that, everything was overly salty. 

This location didn't live up to expectations, but the stomach aches and unsettling digestion will live on forever in our hearts and minds. Sometimes a food meal provides enough laughs and stories to make the whole experience worth it.
I just want to make this review to hopefully enlighten the people in charge of this gyu kaku location. I went here on Sunday night to celebrate a birthday. We got the meat lovers package. Halfway through the meal our table top cooker turned off. We think, okay whatever it happens our server will just get us a new one. However, it happens again and then again and then again a total of 4 times. Now our server is obviously busy with our tables so our meats are constantly sitting on the stove, cooking for 20 seconds and then the machine turns off on us. At that point as we're waiting for our server who is nowhere to be found our the meat now is rubbery, cold, and unappetizing. We ask for new meat to make up for that and our server said she can't do that. This continuously happens and just decide that this is really aggravating and want to leave without finishing the meat lovers package (all we had left was s'mores). The manager says she can only take off for the s'mores even though we were not compensated for the meat we didn't get to eat that was now wasted and the terrible experience we personally had. So we paid the bill for a meal that left us annoyed, ruined our celebrating, and left hungry. 
This is a lesson for restaurants to not cheap out on at least putting an effort in amending the situation. There was NO sorts of the assistant manager trying to make the situation right even after they acknowledge there was definitely something wrong with the machine. The least that could've been done was to replace the soggy meat we had. My whole thing is that the WHOLE point of this place is to cook your own food so when that is broken then the whole trip is pointless!!! I've been going to this location for years and the service just has absolutely plummeted and I am never one to usually complain at restaurant, in fact this was my first time. The only thing the manager did was take off for the s'mores that we didn't get/eat anyway because we said we wanted to just get our bill and leave as soon as possible.
PS. This is not a complaint against the server, she was great, it's a complaint against management and how poorly they "fixed" the situation.
A great place to go for a date or with a group of 4 friends. There was a variety of drinks available, and there were so many that I wanted to try. I highly recommend the lychee martini for something light, fruity, and sweet-but-not-too-sweet. The Japanese BBQ was fun and easy to cook ourselves on the table's mini-grill. 

There are pre-selected meals available on the first few pages of the menu, but if you don't really like all the items on there, it's actually not that much more costly to just choose the food that you want. For example, we didn't want miso soup, but wanted kimchi, and wanted different cuts of meat, so we chose our own and it ended up being still about the same price as it would've been if we'd picked the pre-selected meal.

You will smell like Japanese BBQ by the end of the dinner, so I'd recommend not wearing anything that you don't want to smell like BBQ.
Gyu-Kaku is the new place my brother had recommended to celebrate special occasions. At first, we thought of getting their all you can eat bc we going on Wednesday(all you can eat is available Monday thru Thursday only). But we decided to stick with their party package.

When we arrived at 1:30, we were seated quickly. We got the party package for 4, fried calamari, fried shrimp dumplings, kimchee( wouldn't be a Korean BBQ without kimchee(just in my opinion):) and Punch. I have to say everything is extremely delicious especially the beef sukiyaki rice, salad, garlic shrimp, shrimp dumplings and miso skirt steak( I want to go back just by writing this review.....) 

I really regret not getting the all-you-can-eat. The party package is nice but everything is limited. Like the food is enough for all of us but not our favorite items. Hubby and mom loved the garlic shrimp, while me and brother loved the miso skirt steak. It is a lesson learned.
We came here on a sunday noon when they just opened for the day and there was many people seated and eating already.

My friend and I got the Gyu-Kaku Value for two people which was about $65.
It starts with 3 Spicy Tuna Volcano (really spicy), a plate of edamame, I enjoyed it because I'm not a fan of spicy things. It came with the Gyu-kaku Salad, steamed rice and miso soup. I really like the salad dressing.

Next was the BBQ with Kalbi short ribs, Harami Miso skirt steak, Toro Beef White Soy, Salmon Miso, Chicken Basil and a plate of vegetables. The salmon was my favorite, it was wrapped in foil so it cooked faster than the meat. The servers are very attentive checking to see if you need your grill plate changed and stuff. 
 
S'mores came out at the end.

Overall, a delicious dinner.
I went here back in June for a graduation lunch . Everything was fabulous. Of course at the time we were the only ones in the restaurant on a Monday afternoon .They had a special where the graduate ate for free. Which was  a pretty good deal. The service was excellent like I said we were the only ones in the restaurant . There was 8 of us. You cook the food in the middle of the table. We tried just about everything from the salmon,shrimp,chicken & steak. The noodles were good. That came ala carte. The mojitos were delicious & you could pick different flavors. There is a parking lot across the street which is reasonable since parking around there can be hard.
Made the reservation for 8:30, arrived at 8:15 and was told waiting time was 20 minutes. After waiting for 40 minutes, when inquiry about waiting time, was told it is going to take an hour. 

What is the use of a reservation if no table is available.
Dinner review:
Saturday night ~9:15 we walked in with no reservation, no problem (after being turned away from a few popular sushi places). Good date spot as others have said, interactive meals are always fun. 

Everything was VERY good and the prices were extremely affordable.

We ordered addicting cucumber plates and fried bacon for apps- both pretty good. I'm a bacon fanatic and I thought it was only so-so, but i'm not sure what I expected (or what could be different).

A la carte meats: bistro hanger, yaki-shabu, shrimp, and sirloin
all excellent with the house-recommended marinades

Sides: assorted veggies (grilled on the bbq), miso soup, garlic bibimbap and ramen  (ramen for $7? Yes please.)

We left very full and we only ordered 1 meat per person (3-4 oz. serving) plus shared the apps and sides. 4 people - the check was about $90

The general manager that evening was also super accommodating and kind to our table (if you're reading- thanks again for helping with the bottle!!) 
The bartender was very nice and knowledgeable about their Sakes and Japanese whiskeys. The servers were very attentive. After reading other reviews i'm sorry to hear other people had such disappointing experiences. We all loved it!

I'd definitely return and bring others. Good to know there are locations in Manhattan.
This place got me! We came in earlier than our reservation so we went to the bar for some drinks. The bf got the Kirin beer in an ice cold mug (he can't stop raving how awesome the cold mug was) and I got the Peach Sangria and it was the best one I've had in a long time! They used the best ingredients with generous amounts of berries and peaches... also a plus that our bartender was very pleasant and a great mixologist. As soon as 7pm struck, they asked us if we're ready to be seated. The seating is not very private I must say because you can see and hear what your neighbor is doing but  this is just an FYI, I don't really care, I came for the food. Our server came pretty soon and he provided us with the menus and gave us some information about the menu and also recommended some items. He recommended the course menu for 2 people for $75 so we decided to get that. The food came fast! We got our miso soup, hot oil seared salmon, gyu-kaku salad, steamed shrimp dumplings and the garlic fried rice bibimbap all at the same time. Below are my individual reviews for the appetizers/starters:

** miso soup - typical miso soup, not too salty which I like and it has it's common seaweed and tofu chunks
** hot oil seared salmon - one of my faves (craving it now)! generously thinly sliced and slightly "seared" from the hot oil and citrusy blend, it was also garnished with ginger which added more flavor and crunch to the dish
** gyu-kaku salad - it was your mixed greens and chopped veggies and the house dressing (mayo-based) is what made this starter
** steamed shrimp dumplings - this was my 2nd favorite; it was also topped with chili oil and garlic which definitely added more flavor to the dish, steamed perfectly
** garlic rice bibimbap - I wish they told me I was not getting more of this so I can save it for the entrees but it was so good, I ate it all in no time. It was topped with egg, garnishes and seasoning and your server will mix it for you tableside 

Soon after the starters, the GM of the restaurant came to oil the grill and asked how our meal is going so far. I raved about it of course! Then the our meats came; kobe style bistro, hanger steak miso, kalbi short rib tare and chicken basil. The chicken definitely took longer to cook but the meats were seasoned well. No complaints but it didn't come with sides so I ordered the white rice. The next meats came and it was the NY strip steak garlic, chillean seabass in spicy sauce and assorted veggies. I wish they gave us the veggies, the seabass and the chicken basil first because these are the items that took longer. The seabass was wrapped in foil with tomatoes and mushroom - it was tender, seasoned perfectly and great dish to add with all the meats. My favorite was the kobe, seabass, and the strip steak but dont get me wrong, EVERYTHING was too good - I can't wait to go back already. After we finished everything, our server attentively cleaned our table and replaced the grill for s'mores. What can you complain about if you're getting s'mores for dessert and it's included in your course menu?? Overall, this place is just too good and I hope the staff and service will remain the same. I can't wait to go back and will definitely recommend the place to our friends and family!!
2018 edit: I've still been coming here on a semi-regular basis, and I've noticed the service finally improving. The food, of course, is still delicious, which is why I keep coming back. I've had no issues the last handful of times I came here, so I raised my review up a star.

-----

All the food here that I tried (other than the chicken) is sooo delicious and flavorful, and the lunch special is a steal. Rice, salad, soup, plus several meats? Wow! I also really like the bibimbap. It's definitely my favorite Japanese BBQ place and I've gone here numerous times. However, there are a few reasons it's only getting 3 stars. 

Service is spotty. My friends and I have been forgotten by the waiters more than once. Last time the waiter was near the end of his shift and just plain left, apparently without telling anyone else were were in the back. Once my friend got uncut meat and they told her to cut it herself rather than taking it back to the kitchen. I have a food allergy and on my first visit they were super accommodating, but every visit since they've gotten less and less so to the point where I can't order one menu item anymore because it comes out entirely flavorless with no seasoning or sauce, apparently in an attempt to protect me while putting in the minimum of effort. We get conflicting info about whether or not rice refills are free depending on who is working, and I'm pretty sure one time the waiter just straight up lied to us that the manager said no. I come here often enough that I can recognize the managers, and none were on shift. Also, it was a manager who told us the rice refill was free in the first place, but I've given up on asking for it since I will be full regardless and it's not worth any drama. Another time, the waitress gave us some else's order and when we pointed it out, she somehow added the correct meat as an addition to the bill even though she SWAPPED it with the incorrect meat, so it's not like we actually ate any extra meat at all. That just felt shady to me since she would have had to physically add the meat to our bill. It's not an automatic thing. It's not always a bad experience with the waiter/waitress, but at Gyu-kaku the possibility is very real.

Secondly, recently they made their lunch special for the weekdays only, which severely limits how many people can take advantage of it. Many of us are working, in school, or both. So when are we supposed to go other than during the weekend? The prices are a bit too high to afford for us otherwise so we can barely go anymore.

Still, despite these flaws, I keep coming back. The service isn't great but the food is so drool-worthy.
I was so excited to check out Gyu-Kaku as I am a big fan of Woo Lae Oak and Bann Korean bbq. Gyu-Kaku seemed like an americanized version of delicious and authentic asian bbq. The staff yell random Japanese phrases every time someone new comes into the restaurant, which could be interesting if it was more of a natural conversion but it seemed really forced and for the benefit of the patrons. It was disruptive and awkward to me. 

It was also a busy night so that may have explained why the service took so long. The waiter mentioned that all of his tables were sat at the same time, which I definitely understand but everything seemed really drawn out and our grill wasn't turned on until about 30 minutes into the meal. We had after dinner plans and I was stressing the entire meal that we wouldn't make it in time even though I had planned for extra time just in case. It seems like they need a more efficient structure or more staff but something needs to change. 

The food was a bit bland and I had to add a lot of sauce to bring out the flavor. Skip the tuna appetizer, it did not taste good and the rice was like a piece of brick. I would say the pricing was moderate for drinks, apps, and several meat and rice dishes. The whole experience felt very corporate to me. I don't think i'll be coming back here.
Worst service ever. Spilled beer on my jacket, spilled entire glass of water on another woman. Never apologized for anything, waited 30 minutes for the front desk person to came. Had to get the manager to let them know we are waiting to be seated, she never apologized for the wait either. Screwed up all of our orders and our final bill. We asked the waitress if they were understaffed and she said no. Absolute worst place!

Had to go to the bar just to get water, proceeded to wait 20 minutes for someone to show up to the bar. The "bartender" came and started talking about his day and then asked what we wanted afterwards.
With two recent visits to this restaurant, I decided to post not-so-good review, sadly.
I used to like here whenthey opened; but not any more after two recent visits.
OK, understand if it was high volume time if waitresses are too busy to give enough attentions. But two recent visits were rather off such time. Waiters/waitresses were busy with talking, not busy with keeping their attentions to customers, unfortunately.
Then, seats are not well-maintained at all. Bench seats were fairly damaged, ripped and showing edge of vinal...causing enough uncomfort when sit on.
Not sure facility is teally taken care of and kept store manager's eyes on. One last thing...bath room. It was not well cleaned despite early hours of the day on both occasions. 
So, let's talk about food...can be long to describe all disappointments; but here's a summary.
Edamame was smathered with salt (see pic).
Ramen was filled with half way prepared as noodle was stuck together as if in the package before cooked; and soup was very luke warm (pic).
...and presented as it was pictured - just put whatever into the bowl?
Grill was not getting heat up even after a while...not sure how often they check condition of grill on tables.
Meat presentation was...just putting meat pieces on the plates, did not seem to care how it is presented (pic).

I remember when this place first opened. Everything was so well presented and people there were energetic. Taste was good certainly, though first time I ordered Ramen on latest visit; but after recent disappointments, I will have to wait until some improvement happens. I really hope this place gets "come back" sooner than later.
Other Yelpers, please post your reviews!
Look, Gyu-Kaku, you used to be one of my favorite places to go to. I've been to this restaurant seriously over 20 times in the past year, and Yelp tells me I'm the duchess. Unfortunately, you've gone downhill. Also, if you get the chance to experience another Gyu-Kaku in another city, you'll see how woefully this place compares to the others.

First, you refuse to do phone orders anymore. I'm bummed. I liked to order the spicy tuna volcano. In fact, I just tried to do it now, and no dice. Points off.

Secondly, the last two times I've been there the grills haven't been working properly. One time we had to call a manager because our server didn't know what to do since the grill wasn't heating up. Another time they just had to move us to a different table. Frustrating.

Thirdly, the service has gone downhill. Gone are the days where Serge used to bring your meat with a smile, and offer suggestions about the menu. Instead, you barely get what you order, and items are constantly forgotten. The last two times I went for lunch rice has been forgotten, and we had to specially request it. Another day you were out of miso soup. How does a Japanese restaurant run out of miso soup? 

Bringing out your food is always slow as a snails pace here, and I wonder if it is intentional because the grills are so poor functioning they need all the time in the world to heat up.

Also in regards to service, I made a reservation once for 8 pm, and got a call at 7 pm by a person knowing if we were actually going to show up for our reservation. I can understand that perhaps sometimes folks make reservations and don't show, but I don't need to be talked to in a rude manner as to whether I'm actually going to show or not.

Now that I've gone through all the bad things, there is still some good to be had here. A lot of the meat is really tasty. The spicy tuna volcano appetizer is delicious. The toro beef is one of my favorites, and the harami miso skirt steak is amazing and flavorful. When it comes to dessert, nothing beats the fried cheesecake. Sounds a bit crazy, but it is to die for.

Gyu-kaku, please get your act together. I went to the Chicago location and was blown away by how quickly the grills heated up, and the food was brought out. Truly impeccable service that I feel that I once got here in Philly, but has definitely tapered off over the past year, unfortunately.
Probably the worst place I went to eat BBQ.... 
We all know that meat is meat, beef is beef, I been to this place in Hawaii and it was good but not the best place to eat when ur super hungry and want a lot. Remember Hawaii is a state that everything has to be imported! Here~~~not much. I can go to the butcher and tell them what I want and get the same beef! Cheaper and more fresh! 
Wanted to try since I love Japanese food and culture... but this place is not the place to come and eat happily with family or friends! 

One: server is just lack of service! Cool, welcoming is warm and great explaining what YakiniKu is but I m Korean who studies and loves Japanese culture! Plus my father who was sushi chef in Japan for yrs! Never a service this poor in Japan, or in Asia period! You will get cursed at... lol 

Two: time to get your food is just toooooooooooooooooooooooooo LONG! Just to get six slice, or just not even couple slices of beef... takes too long! You got four employees plus and more than three servers on the floor... taking too much time!  It does not take 10 mins and plus to get your six four slices of beef! 

Three: I mean I understand that now days you can do what ever you want! REMEMBER! This is a franchise! If you want to know and taste what really Japanese food or culture is like, take a trip to NYC or north jersey! There is a Japanese market in Mitsuwa super market, they will show you what really culture and the really Japanese imported beef taste! 

Trying out another franchise has not failed me.. haha hope it helps others and gives an ideas to others!
Apparently, this is a new place that opened in August, so I feel bad giving it a harsh review, but I don't believe in giving out pity stars. 

The problems started before even getting seated. We asked the host how long a table would be. He said 20 minutes, which is perfectly reasonable. We came back to check in 20 min and now he said it was 30 minutes, without acknowledging the inherent logical fallacy. This was not the last time that night we would be waiting.

After finally getting seated, we were attended to by a very nice server, who forgot to bring us water or refill it throughout the night. The food came out in a bizarre order. Soups came out with the main dishes, and appetizers came out 20 minutes after everything else. By the time the edamame reached our table, we had pretty much finished eating everything on the grill and forgot that the edamame was even ordered. I ordered ramen. After everyone had gotten their food (minus the edamame), I was still left meal-less, so I asked a random waitress to check on my food, since our waiter had disappeared. She came back and said that the ramen was on the stove, so it should be RIGHT out. Well, if right out means 15 minutes later, then sure, it came right out. Literally everyone else had finished their meals before my ramen came out. I am 95% sure they completely forgot about my ramen until I mentioned it and then lied to cover it up. I tried to eat the ramen as quickly as possible so as not to hold everyone else up, but it was hot, so I ended up having to take half of it home. 

As for the grill items, the pork belly was fine. I've had fattier cuts, but this was fine. 5 pieces for $7. The vegetables seem overpriced: $3 for 5 thin slices of zucchini and $3 for two mini cobs of corn. 

Others in my group tell me the bibimbap and the tuna volcano were good.
This  is the worst experience I've ever had! After nearly 2 hours waiting (Even I could see there are many spaces at the beginning ), we got served finally. The host explain ex to us there were two 30-people-parties today so they really short of hands.

And during the meal, we didn't get all the dishes we ordered. There were about 7 dishes are not served - I doubt if the waitress can  remember just ONE little thing. And they even chareged me for the non-serving dishes. I had to argue with them 3 times to make my bill right. Oh, do I mention it was 11pm when we finish all these bullsh*t? We got there at 7:30pm and leave at 11pm with extremly anger.

To be honest, this is the MOST TERRIBLE diner experience at all. I hate this place.
I've eaten at a few different Gyu Kakus around the world, and the food at the Philadelphia location is pretty good. The only problem is, this place has a few kinks to work out in its service.

We arrived around 3pm on a Friday- an in-between meals hour, as the restaurant was completely empty. However, rather than having prompt service, our server completely disappeared for most of the meal.

To begin, it probably took us 20 minutes between sitting down and getting drinks before we were able to place our orders. Luckily, we were pretty self-sufficient once we got our meat for grilling. All of us enjoyed our choices, particularly since it was such a good deal ($9.95 lunch special for miso soup, salad, rice, and 2 choices of meat). I only wish that they offered vegetables for one of the lunch combo options, particularly since one member of our party was vegetarian and her meal ended up being twice as expensive for the same items.

Once we were done and ready for the check, service was again excruciatingly slow. The bill was also incorrect, as they had charged us the price of an alcoholic drink for a non-alcoholic drink, and added on 2 items to our bill that we didn't order/eat. Luckily, we caught these mistakes right away, but it took another 20 minutes to get everything sorted out.

Our server was very nice and the food was great, but unfortunately our experience was killed by the slow service and issues with the check at the end. After reading some of the reviews here, it looks like we weren't alone.
Though the food here was good, the service was absolutely horrendous. I'd give this place a 3.5 on food alone but the service definitely brought this place down. 


When we sat down, no one bothered to explain the menu to us. The menu in itself was quite uninformative - there was no explanation behind the different cuts of meat and the way each was marinated though i do appreciate the fact that there were calorie counts. 

It took them more than thirty minutes to bring out uncooked meat, which I definitely do not understand. Though the soup and salad arrived promptly, they served the garlic rice bibimbap at the same time. This made no sense because the meat came much later. 

After the meat finally arrived, it took them another fifteen minutes to bring in the steamed rice. It took us three times to follow them up before they finally served it and it was not like the place was fully booked. I do have to say though, they tended to take away the plates very promptly. 

Lastly, it took them more than fifteen minutes to bring us the bill. They billed us twice as much as what we ordered initially then it took them fifteen minutes to correct the bill. When it returned again, the bill was still incorrect. We did not even get an apology and the waiter was quite rude about everything. All in all, quite an unpleasant experience that ruined my day.
This place is below the standard of all the other locations I've eaten at. Overpriced and bland unfortunately! I often walk by confused at how packed it is during lunch and dinner and then get blasted by a high velocity meat furnace doubling as an exhaust louver. It's at that point my confusion morphs into "how is that exhaust system legal and per code?" Not worthy of a formal complaint as that vent heats the homeless occasionally and who doesn't love the smell grilled beef
Three stars! Only because our waiter kept us waiting! Our dinner lasted 3 hours!!!! It took forever for us to get our drinks and to place our orders. 

Other than that, the food was great and it was fun barbecuing your own meats. We were a group of 4 girls and we ordered (2) value course for two, so we could have a little bit of everything. At the end of the night we were so stuffed. Next time I come back I am definitely ordering off the a la carte menu and trying their other beef parts. 

In the value course, we were served steak, chicken, salmon, and lots of vegetables, this is not including the other appetizers, miso soup and salad that were included in the meal. I didn't like the chicken or the salmon as much. If it were up to me, I would stick to the steak. Yum!!!!! I didn't particularly care for the 3 sauces the restaurant provided either, I rather eat the steak on its own since there is already marinade on it.

The end of the night was concluded with the making of your own smores over the grill, which was one reason why we decided to go with the value course as some courses do not include this option.

Anyway, if you are looking to have a fun filled dinner, definitely stop by Gyu-Kaku!!!! And don't forget to make a reservation, I definitely would not recommend walking in especially on a weekend night. When their grills are at full capacity you can only sit at the bar or at a table without a grill, which kinda takes the fun out of the dining experience.
I wanted to send a sincere thank you to Gyu-kaku's management - particularly Karen T. and Serge for making our Friday night dinner for 6 such an enjoyable experience.  Gyu-kaku is one of my favorite spots.  After living in Tokyo for four years I often crave the variety of izakaya type Japanese foods.  The set meals that they offer are such a great value.  We got the Gyu-kaku set which included in addition to some of the standard offerings a delicious guy-kaku salad as well as tuna volcanoes.  We upgraded to the sukiyaki rice.  Our table shared a pitcher of Kirin and for $14 it was a great deal.  Both our servers and the managers checked on us many times during the evening to make sure that everything was going well.  We all had a great time and left with full bellys.  We will all be back for sure.  Thank you Karen T. and Serge!
Came here for dinner last Friday. I called ahead to make reservations, but there was still about a 10 minute wait when we showed up. We were seated in a booth which was a little awkward to get into, and there isn't much leg room because of the grill.

Our server was okay... She didn't seem like she had much experience serving though - she couldn't remember what the sauces were on the table, and didn't know what the specials were on the menus. When we asked for suggestions, she kept saying that it was all "personal preference." She turned on our grill, but didn't put enough oil on it since the meats kept sticking to it.

We had:
1. Spicy miso chili wings - Very soggy. The wings literally tasted like reheated wings nuked in the microwave. There wasn't much flavor at all.
2. Fried bacon chips - Don't be fooled - it's actually tiny (less than an inch wide) pieces of pork belly, lighted coated and fried. Not what I expected because I thought it would be actual bacon as opposed to pork belly. (I know it's the same thing, just sliced differently. But...it makes a difference...)
3. French fries with cod caviar sauce - this was enjoyable but not many fries. The presentation of the sauce looked like someone was dipping in it previously. (The sauce was splattered around in the vessel.) That made me very paranoid.
4. Kalbi short ribs (in tare sweet soy sauce) -  I did not think this was actual kalbi. It was more like thin strips of a random cut of beef... Sauce was okay. Smaller portion than shown in photo.
5. Yaki shabu (in miso sauce) - flavorless and also smaller portion than shown in photo.
6. Beef Sukiyaki Bibimbap - Rice was too soft and there wasn't much beef. Just tasted like hot pepper paste and rice. The bibimbap was definitely NOT cooked in the dolsot since the edges were not crispy and burnt. They claimed that this was "prepared table side" but really the server just mixes the rice around for you.
7. Scallops - Eh. Nothing special. 
8. Asparagus - Did not arrive.
9. Corn - Did not arrive.
10. Mushroom medley - Did not arrive.
11. Sparkling water - Gyu-kaku charged us $8 for a 16 oz bottle of sparkling water. Are you fcking kidding me?!?? Even some of the best BYOs in the city charge $5-$7 for a 32-33 oz bottle. This pretty much pissed me off.

The server only asked us how we were enjoying dinner when she brought the meats out. By that point we had only received the fries, wings, and bacon. We eventually had to wave her down to tell her to cancel the veggies since they never arrived and we were basically done our meal. She acted confused and looked at our table trying to find them, then said there must have been a mix up in the kitchen. When we asked for the check, I had to ask her to remove the vegetables and honestly was surprised that she didn't offer to take it off the bill first.

Overall, service was below average, and food was extremely mediocre. Don't know if I would come back - such a shame because we had high hopes for this place.
I think I'm still waiting for my drink.

Gyu-Kaku might have pretty good food (that we cook ourselves...) but their service is lacking (1/5).

We ordered our food..a plethora of different meats off the menu. The Kobe beef stood out the most, but it was all pretty good (4/5).

To start, I don't think our waitress was the nicest upon sitting down. We asked for water upon being seated and I ordered a Lychee Martini to drink once the water was poured. Two rounds of meat came out, I asked about my drink, and the waitress just said it's still coming. It finally came out on my third round...and I had to send it back.

I have never sent back a drink before in my life but the drink tasted just like juice. Three others at my table agreed. I finally got the new drink as I was finishing the meal. We also had to wait to order dessert because it was impossible to track down our waitress (Drinks 1/5).

Atmosphere was good, not great (3/5).
Had no problems except the miserable food coma, but that's what we came for. PACE YOURSELF or bring more friends.

All of their meats are nicely marinated and spiced so that they come out like little nuggets of heaven by the time you're done cooking them on the grill. 

Even the broccoli and spinach were delicious! They get heated in aluminum foil along with some garlic and spices, so the end result is actually quite savory and yummy.

Their green tea ice cream feels very high-quality, creamy and thick and perfectly sweet.

Our waiters were quite patient and accommodating, and came around in timely rounds. I accidentally knocked a plate of pork sausages onto myself and they were not grumpy about it at all.
I'm going to preface this by saying that I'm super biased.  Being a Korean American, I always sway Korean BBQ and low key thought that was like, "our" thing, you know?  But my partner and I were wandering around the city and came across this joint - we tried to get in but weren't able to get a table at that time so we made reservations for another time with two other friends and went back to try it.

I have to say, I was pretty impressed! Again, my bias is creeping in and saying it isn't K-BBQ for sure, but it's pretty darn good!

I love BBQ meat, and I love social eating.  We got a pretty good deal - they have different platter options you can split in between people, and between 4 people we ended up paying a reasonable amount (around $40 including tip?) for a ton of different varieties of meats to grill, dessert, and appetizers. I thought the quality of the meat was pretty good and the marinades and flavors were all interesting and savory.  It for sure at the very least is going to be a really unique experience and if you can't get to a K-BBQ joint (I'm so sorry I gotta say it but I promise this is the last time I'm going to mention it) then take your friends here!  

The service was pretty good, nothing to complain about there, and the atmosphere was lovely.  

One other thing was that we wanted the taiyaki for dessert and they were out of that for the day - we were there during normal dinner hours and not extremely late, so that was a bit disappointing.

Overall, a fun experience but not incredibly mind blowing if you're already familiar with and frequently eating Asian style BBQ I think is the bottom line here.  They do have a rewards program here, so if you're going super often that could be worth it!

I would recommend making a reservation - it's my perception that this place can get pretty crowded.
This is a great "do-it-yourself" Japanese BBQ spot. Each table has a flame pit in the center, where you will grill the raw meat you order and there are three dipping sauces (regular,spicy, and ponzu) to go with it. I came here to try the BBQ lunch special and it was a great deal! You can get 2 bbq items for 9.95 (comes with soup, salad, and rice) or 3 for 12.85. I ended up getting the garlic shrimp and basil chicken, both of which were great. Of the dipping sauces, I really enjoyed all three. Overall, a great spot to try for lunch!
I was super excited to check this place out and was a bit disappointed with the service and overall experience.  Immediately upon coming in I was turned off by people (who are clearly not Japanese) yelling random Japanese phrases at me. When you're in Asia and people are actually talking to each other,  that's cool,  when it's clearly just for show it seems...awkward. Hopefully they get the kinks figured out.

Service: the waiter seemed to hate me from the beginning for asking questions about the drink menu (which he didn't know the answer to). Throughout the meal we had to hunt people down to bus our table and get us waters.  The meat came out way before the vegetables and I'm not confident they would have ever come out if we hadn't asked. We ordered a multi-course meal and most dishes were plopped down on our table with no explanation, which led to some confusion on our part (um..do we cook this?  How long?)

Food: we went with the value combo (a really great deal-a ton of food for only $70). However, we were disappointed that we couldn't do any substitutions like upgrading our bibimbap or switching out smores for mochi (even though we were willing to pay more). The standouts from the combo meal were the dumplings, the  salmon, the NY Strip, and the kobe beef. The chicken and seabass were good too. The salad and miso soup were standard,  and the bibimbap was good but tasted more like burnt garlic than anything else.  The bibimbap was pretty lacking in vegetables and we ordered the sukiyaki bibimbap too, which came with very little meat. The mochis (that we ordered separately) were a melty mess within minutes (but very good). 

Overall the food is good and it's a good value and fun time, but it's more Beni-Hana than authentic experience and really feels like the corporate chain that it is.  I'll probably be back but hope they improve the service!
Honestly, the only thing good about this place was the meat BBQ. I came here with a group of friends and the service was absolutely terrible. Not only did one of the waitresses lie about running out of Calpico when I mentioned that I ordered some 15 minutes ago, they also forgot to bring some of our orders, such as the vegetables. The service was also really slow. It took forever to just get our drinks out. I think the worst part was the fact that there was a built in 20% tip for lousy service. Our bill of $235 didn't come close to what we had calculated. My friends and I will not be coming back for sure. I would highly recommend take out if they even have that.
We had been regulars for quite a while and then just hit a coincidental spell of not being able to stop in for about 6 months.

Sadly, our first visit back after that was a massive disappointment.

The service was great. ALL cred to the hosts and servers.

And, while you don't go to a barbecue joint for ramen, it was cold out and had been craving it, so we ordered the spicy... and I don't know what it was, but it wasn't ramen. It had noodles. It had broth. It had protein and egg... But ramen it wasn't. The spice was clearly a dry chili powder with no umami at all, the beef was dry and the noodles were overdone. Worst of all though, the soft-boiled egg was not only hard-boiled, but it had clearly been pre-made and in the fridge until we ordered it. It actually cooled the soup.... Our other previous favorite, the garlic noodles, while flavorful, came out on a skillet that wasn't nearly hot enough to even cook the raw garlic slices that should have been caramelized. (The crunchy garlic chips on the top were again, obviously, predone.) We must've had that dish a dozen times in the past and this was just a horrible letdown.

The deep-fried pork belly was delish, however, and again the service was great, but it looks like their menu has changed quite a bit and not for the better.
Some friends and I came here for a birthday dinner last night, and had the worst experience with service. The food was very good, althogh the portions were smaller than depicted on the menu. 

We had a reservation for 830pm. At 9 they told us they were setting up our table, and at 915 they finally seated us.  So I'm not sure what the purpose of the reservation was.  We asked our waitress a few questions about some items on the menu, but she really didn't know what we were asking.  Once we ordered we did wait quite a while for the meats to come out, and all the meats and veggies came out separately.  Everyone at the table ordered a la carte, and 3 of us out of 5 ordered the filet. When she finally brought it out, she set it down and said it was a serving of 2 filet plates.  After she said she brought everything out, we had to tell her we were missing several items. 1 filet, our fried bacon appetizer that never appeared, a side of spinach and a side of bacon wrapped asparagus, and 2 sides of garlic paste.  She apologized and said the kitchen was backed up.  But why did we have to tell her?  She wrote everything down, why didnt she realize we were missing so many things?  She came right back and said the filet she brought out earlier was for all 3 orders, even though originally she said it was only 2, but she said she'd ask the kitchen to make another order.  We waited about 20 minutes when she came back and asked if everything was ok.  Had to remind her of our missing food, and again she said the kitchen was backed up.  I bought this the first time, but how does a kitchen get this badly backed up when most of the food we ordered was to be cooked by us?  All they had to do was prep it.  After another 20 minutes or so we got the spinach and the fried bacon, but no filet.  Had to ask again.  Finally got that and 2 sides of the crunchy garlic oil instead of the garlic paste.  Once we were finished eating we asked for the check, and we all thought for sure that something was going to be taken off the check or discounted given the abysmal service.  We should have known better since the manager, Serge, never came by to check on us the entire service.  They charged full price for everything.  We tried talking to the manager to explain all the issues we had with the service and he blamed us because we ate the food.  We were hungry and getting served in small increments, of course we ate everything.  Serge refused to take anything off the check or provide any discount.  On top of all this they had the nerve to include a 20% gratuity.  Nowhere on the menu did it state parties of 5 or more were automatically assessed 20% gratuity.  We refused to pay the gratuity and paid cash for all the food we consumed and left with Serge telling us we weren't worth his time.  

This is really ashame because we all liked the food very much, but the food could not make up for the lousy service or the manner in which we were treated.
This is a busy place to go even if you book reservations you might have to wait by the bar for 10 minutes to get your table set up. 

My waiter was a little frazzled since I arrived with a large group. He was kind and did his best to recommend and explain anything on the menu. 

My boyfriend and I ordered dishes we could cook, but not in a group package. The Meat Lovers and other packaged courses are very pricey. We ordered separate meats to cook and it was way more affordable than I thought. I was worried about pricing before hand.

The other couples joining us ordered one of the packages over $100. The kitchen was so backed up on apps they gave then their meat to grill first. They didn't get an appetizer until they were half way done their starting meal. Our waiter even forgot about it until mentioned. 

Our waiter recommend the basil chicken and honestly I didn't find anything special about it. Keep your eye on the chicken. Don't cook anything 
in the corner if it takes the longest cooking time. I gave my boyfriend undercooked chicken. 

I suggest going here for a small date not a party of 8+. Sharing grills is a challenge if your friends order a lot of packages.   

Charge your phone and use a timer app to count the seconds of your meat cooking. Conversation and noise may side track you!
This is the first 1 star I have ever rated. I would rate 0 if there was one.

We came here at 730pm, and were asked if we had a reservation. We said no then we were told that we need to wait for 1 hour. Ok that's fine because we heard the food here is good so we would like to wait. Then we checked back at 830pm and were told that still several people waiting ahead of us and several minutes to wait. Then out of curiosity, I searched online and want to see if I can reserve online. I saw 830pm is OPEN to reserve!!! What?! So we reserved online and then were seated immediately!!! What is wrong with this fucking place! I understand that people with reservation could have some priorities but there are tables open to reserve but why don't let us get seated at first?! 
By the way, food here is just so so. I will never come back again!!!!! Don't waste your time waiting here! The management here crazy!!!!!
I have to update my review for Gyu-Kaku because I honestly believe things have really gone downhill here. I love the food, and I come here often, but the service lately has been terrible. We came here for a weekend lunch, and it took THREE HOURS for us to get in and out. 

All of the food came out at random times and seemingly backwards order, several items were things we didn't even order, and we ended up receiving the rice that is supposed to come with the lunch special at the very end of our meal when we were already full. Getting our bill took another hour, and we had to give up on ordering more beers because we knew it was a lost cause.

In the end, our bill had a ton of mistakes, and when corrected, had several new ones. We also were visited by probably 5 different servers throughout our entire dining experience who kept losing track of what we had ordered and who we ordered it from.

Again, I think the food is delicious and of high quality. The price is also very reasonable for lunch, and I think it's a great dining experience overall. However, the service standards needs to change quickly or else this place will be a bust!
Today was the second time that I have eaten here. The first time was great , the food was great & our waiter was very kind. I love bbq and I was so happy with our first visit , so I decided to come back today.

Our service was horrible. We have ordered the course and some extra meats and other extra orders to add to our course. The appetizers came in and everything was great . Then our food came out & everything was great. But then we realized that only about 1/3 of our order came out. I usually am a very understanding person and usually will wait because yes, the place was very busy, so I do understand that maybe my food is taking so long because they are very busy. I told the waiter that my order didn't come out yet. He told me that there are still coming out. So I waited for about another 15 minutes & it still didn't come out yet. So I talked to the waiter again & told him. He finally got out our order but it was only one of the other 4 orders that we still didn't get. I thought okay maybe it is really busy that is why it is taking so long, so I waited again. For another 10-15 minutes, the food never came. So I asked the waiter again, he told us that we got all of our order already, but we didn't. So he went to go check with the kitchen to what is going on. He came back and told us that the orders came out already, it was two orders in one plate. But I was a hundred percent sure that it was only one order. One, that i went here already before & i know that two order is not that tiny. Two, it is very obvious that two order is not 5 pieces of meat. We told him, he talked to us like he did not  believes us. He left and came back again, asking us what the orders are that are missing. We told him, about 10 minutes later, then it came. He didn't apologize or anything, he felt like it's not his fault. I was very upset and told him that I am very very dissapointed in the service because who likes eating and then waiting like 30 minutes because they think that all of our food came out already? He finally said " my apologies " and then he end up blaming it on the kitchen. We finished our food and then got our desserts. I was also upset because of how poorly he took care of our table. Usually they would changed the grilling plate about 2-4 times, he didn't at all. He didn't came to see if we needed anything or see if we needed water refills. I know he could do a lot better than that. 

After all of that, the general manager came and asked us what happened. I explained to her and she said she was very sorry. She was really nice to us & understand us. She made our experience there a little better. I don't know if I am going to come back, but if i am , I hope my service will not be as bad as the one I had tonight because I do love the food here.
For a party of 5, we got one of the 2 person value meals, added 2-3 meat options and 3 bibimbops. The food came out a little at a time with the veggies being the very last thing. We were often sitting waiting for the next dish.

The meal came out to about $26/person which was not bad. My biggest complaint was that there was no complimentary side dishes/banchan... staples of a real Korean bbq experience. You even had to pay for their special dipping sauces.

Their AC was broken on one of the hottest days of the year so it was not the most comfortable dining experience. I respect the staff for being high spirited even under those conditions. Overall, the food was mediocre and not tempting enough to go back.
Amazing food, but long wait and literally had to chase down our waitress for most of the night. I'm really hoping to bump this review up to 4/5 stars once this restaurant is open a little longer.

Food:
Fresh ingredients of good quality. The sauces for the meats are very flavorful, and I felt no need to get any of the extra toppings (eg. sesame oil). Then again, I have never known an Asian BBQ restaurant to make you pay for sesame oil...

Price:
Not too expensive for a nice dinner, but the many Happy Hour specials I'm used to of other Gyu-Kaku's in LA make this new Philly addition of the chain not worth it. If they had any special deals, I would definitely be back as a regular. Otherwise, it is only a once in a while meal for me.

Service:
Managers made clear efforts to make sure everything was up to the customer's standards, but it was still hard to flag a waiter/waitress down when it came down to it. We waited the entire meal before our appetizer showed up. 

Menu Items:
-Bistro Hanger Steak (Garlic Marinade): juicy and flavorful, very tender
-Scallop: fresh, but pricey ($10 for 4 pieces); nothing too special about it
-Chicken Garlic Noodles: good flavor, but way too salty
-Hot Oil Seared Salmon: amazingly soft, juicy & fresh
*Overall: definitely order the seared salmon & bistro hanger steak; maybe the chicken garlic noodles, but ask them to hold back a little on the salt

TIP:
Be sure to make reservations before showing up. We had a 10minute wait even with reservations.
Just as a heads up - happy hour will be coming to this Gyu-Kaku location on 9/15, which I am super excited about! Exactly what I was waiting for for this restaurant.
They didn't have non-sugar sweetener for iced tea and I had to ask for refills. The waiter told me that there was oxytocin in a dish. Then he took the liberty of writing in the tip for me. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant.
Came here with my significant other for our anniversary dinner last week! We were really excited because we've never had JBBQ before. 

Called in a reservation and arrived right on the dot but when we arrived, I guess the hostesses (there were two) were a tad new because they didn't immediately seat us. We were standing there awkwardly for like 2 minutes... And their attempts at blurting out Japanese phrases while the other was talking to us in English, was really weird. When we were finally seated, everyone was staring at us and then also blurted a Japanese phrase to us once we passed the bar. It startled me at first and I was pretty scared.

We decided on the Kobe Style course from the menu and began our meal. Our server, David was really nice and helpful for the most part. When our food came out, it was given to us by different servers, although nice, after the first couple of dishes, they stopped telling us what everything was and how to cook it. When it got time to cook our meats, we were unsure of what we had just gotten, and for how long we should cook it for. We even accidentally turned off our burner because the flames scared us and got too big. It wasn't until we finally just asked our server who came around soon after what we should be doing. From there, everything on our end went smooth.

When we had cooked everything, our server came and asked us if we were ready for our desert. My SO was, but I wasn't, but we thought it'd be okay to have it sit there on the end of our table while I finished the rest of the cooked meats for the next 5 minutes. I guess not? Before I knew it, a server swooped in and just took my plate away, filled with meats that were cooked but I wasn't finished eating with... T_T" Where are you going?! My eyes followed him in slow motion as he walked away... I sat there in awe, and couldn't mouth out anything. He was super quick, like a ninja....

I guess we had no choice but to start on our desserts... It was smores. Nothing special, but pretty cute for the night. After that, we had just paid and left.

Still crying about the steak that was never finished. Would only come back for a special occasion, but the food was pretty good. Really pricey though, so unless there are specials, or we were balling, we'd come back for seconds. Will definitely stalk online for any news about this place though, since we did come in the second week of them opening.
I was so frustrated with this past Friday's experience at this location. I have been a customer of Gyu Kaku at their Philadelphia location since they first opened. I have dined their numerous times in the beginning but the service was abnormally slow that I had stopped dining there. I decided recently to give Gyu Kaku another chance because I figured in the beginning, especially during the grand opening period it is inevitable that there will be mistakes. About a month ago, I went with 5 of my friends and dined their, our service was great and quick. Our server was really great. This past friday, I called to make a reservation for 8 P.M. I got to the Philadelphia location at 8 P.M. to find out that whoever took my call "forgot" to put my reservation down. I showed the hostess what time I called and the length of my conversation. The hostess apologized and said that they would give me a table but it would be a 15 minute wait. NO PROBLEM. A bit annoyed but mistakes happen. Waited twenty minutes and finally got seated. Hostess provides us with the menu. 15 minutes AFTER being seated our waitress finally comes by and says she will be right with us. I asked her to bring us some water. WATER IS STANDARD. THAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN THE FIRST THING THAT CAME OUT WHEN CUSTOMERS ARE SEATED!!! Again, mistakes happen, getting more annoyed, waited for the water. Five minutes later, our server comes back and asks if we are ready to order. Again, I asked her for water and I told her that we would like the AYCE menu. I also ordered a large nigori sake. 15 minutes later, she finally brings us the AYCE menu. NO WATER STILL. Again, I asked her for water. She then walks away and assuming she is going to bring s our water, but instead, she brings us our sake. I ask her AGAIN for water. Not wanting to wait another 15 minutes before she shows up again I placed my dinner order. Ten minutes later she FINALLY brings us our water. Seriously, HOW HARD IS IT TO GET FREAKING WATER??? 20-25 minutes goes by and our ordered items starts coming out. I asked our server for rice. I actually ordered two when we first placed our order. She said she would bring it out. How do you think that worked out? Well, I asked her six times throughout the night for RICE and not once did it come out. Our order? Yeah maybe half of it came out. Asked her again OVER AND OVER again for our missing items. Did they ever come out? NO. This is a Japanese BBQ spot, you should know that when the grill is burnt that it needs to be replaced. I mean CMON thats the standard. You want your customers to eat burnt items? Oh! Also, I think maybe the franchise owner or manager was walking around not doing shit. Just completely useless. If you see dissatisfied customers wouldnt you try to make their experience a little bit better? I asked him to change the grill, he looked at me with a deer in a headlights look. Comes over, takes the old grill, slams the new one down and walks away. He also turned our grill off and did not rub on any sesame oil. It's okay though, our server showed up 15 minutes later to tell us it was off. No shit? Totally forgot to mention, but in the beginning when we got seated at our booth the table was also half ass wiped down. Our sauce plates had shit in it. Our grill looked half cleaned. Some Caucasian manager (i am assuming) came by looked at our grill, picked it up and used a hand wipe to again, half ass clean it. If you want real asian BBQ (Korean BBQ to be specific) go to Surah in Springhouse, PA. You can get Kalbi (unlimited amounts) and MUCH MORE for $30.00. $10.00 less than the weekend price at Gyu Kaku and way better service.
This review doesn't include the BBQ, since I sat at the bar.

Pros: If you fail to make a reservation and show up on a busy Friday night, you might be able to sit at the bar and still have a solid, but limited, selection of eats.  The service at the bar is nothing to complain about either!  The Hot Oil Seared Salmon is also a must try.  The portion is also very generous for the price.  While I didn't try the wings, CP seemed to enjoy them quite a bit.  The steamed shrimp dumplings were decent and again of fair portion.

Cons: The Beef Sukiyaki Bibimbap is light on beef and not quite what I was expecting.  The Spicy Volcano Tuna is probably worth having once, but nothing that screams must have (like the Salmon above).  The drinks we had were average at slightly above prices.

Overall, considering my bad timing (and lack of reservation) and the high level of service, I'll probably be back to check out the BBQ.
My son and I ate here last night. We had the "happy-hou" set. It consisted of different kinds of meat. Two salads, two seaweed soup, edimame, some veggies,, and two bowls of rice. Lastly, for dessert,, we had the Green tea Teramisu! And to wash it down, we ordered the Asahi lite beers. The food was delicious!!  Just don't overcook them. Kudos to our waitress. She was very courteous and even apologized for their lack of staff. I highly recommend this place!!!
I really like the concept of this place and I like the food, but the service is just abysmal. Both times I've gone the server has been SO SLOW. The last time I had to remind the guy to switch out the grilling plate, to put the oil on it, to clear away all the old food before we would eat dessert. It took about an hour to get our first round of food (salads) and about 3 hours total to get through our meal. We were only a table of 4 people.  I like the food here and I really think they have some great deals, but the really awful service makes it difficult to imagine coming back here.
I will say that when I've ordered at the bar the service was much better, though you can't cook the food at the bar.
Gyu-Kaku offered two type of dine in system, either all you can eat buffet, or ala carte order to make.
The buffet itself has two different prices with the higher price has more varieties of choices.
The price are $35 & $45 per person, with only 1.5 hours sitting time limit.  Yes, guests only to enjoy the buffer for 90 minutes, which is sucks!!
How the buffet work is by placing the order to waitress, and they will bring the food out to be cooked.
The service was very slow, especially bring out the food to be eaten
Portion of the meat were small and fulfiling.
I will not recommend this place unless you really craving for japanese bbq
I am definitely not the type to rant about bad experiences at any type of establishment but this time I am extremely disappointed. I've been coming to Gyukaku at this location since 2013. All the other times has been wonderful. The food WAS great, hence the past tense. If I could give this review a negative star I would. My fiancé and I had wonderful memories at this place and thought it'd be nice to bring his parents. Anyways, it was around 7pm on a Tuesday. Basic dinner rush I understand. BUT ITS A SELF GRILLING RESTAURANT?? I saw my waitress no more than 3 times and all these times was her bringing our meat out for us to cook...  the hot tea we ordered was never refilled or asked to be filled. For we weren't checked up on. Our grilling plate was changed just once. What more can I say?

What I'm sad about is the portions at this restaurant, mind you, I'm not here to b*tch about the bill which is a little over $200. BUT THE PORTIONS. $9 for 3 pieces of filet mignon (picture below). Come on, I was born in a restaurant, don't you dare to tell me about making profit. This is ridiculous. I know my pricing on meats and produces in distribution companies. I know with even with 8 pieces you can make that profit back and then some. We also had the wagyu beef, merely 4 small pieces but it's wagyu, it's worth it. Filet mignon though? I don't think so. (Oh and that Karaage chicken photo? I know salt is cheap but you didn't have to go all out. And not to mention the "seared" salmon in citrus sauce. It was way too over cooked.) 

Come on gyu-kaku it has never been this bad. I loved this place. Please step it up. We really want to come back but not with this cutting corner type bull.
MY GO TO PLACE!!!!  MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN THE CITY EVER!!! 

I've been coming here since the first time they opened and Oh god! Everything about this restaurant is just amazing!!!!! Good customer service, good ambient, and lastly AMAZING FOOD 

I always take my friends and family here with me.. 

Plus they have happy hour, such an amazing deal!!!!
Extremely disappointing compared to my first visit. We came back to gyu-kaku for my friends birthday and it felt like a completely different restaurant. The food quality and service were both very lacking. We were missing a set of utensils, our food took a long time to come out and we constantly had to ask for our waters to be refilled. The miso soup was extremely salty, the bibimbap -which is normally my favorite- was bland and the meats were a hit or miss, definitely not as good compared to my other visits and other locations. We were a party of 7 and spent over $50 each so it was pretty disappointing to experience such low quality dining.
Wow this place really blew me away. 5/5 for customer service, 5/5 for quality of food, 5/5 for yummy drinks, 5/5 for food deals, 5/5 overall EVERYTHING. 

Came in immediately after opening, greeted so especially warmly. Personal welcome from the bartender at our table and an offer for his specialty drinks. They get down on your level when they serve you, must be a traditional thing, I think it's pretty cool. Looking over the menu, I was pretty overwhelmed (which is a good thing). The waiter had to keep coming back and back because I kept needing extra time to look over it. It was happy hour (IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY) which meant super awesome food deals. We stuck with the meat lover's for two and it sure filled us up.

The food came out so quickly and they even give you pointers on how to cook everything for the first timers. It's such a modern sleek look inside with floor to ceiling windows which let's in a ton of sunlight making the place so bright and awesome. Food was incredibly delicious, with sauces on the table to boost (not that I really needed any). There's a wide selection of food including meat, appetizer, and veggies. When you pick the packages, you save a bit compared to ordering a la carte. 

Drinks came out HUGE, which gave me the bang for my buck compared to the usual small glasses of drinks I get at other places. Came nice and strong, but tasty - what a balance. Overall, my most lasting impression was the service and the speed. Looking for a quick lunch to get a quick fix of cravings for meat, this is your place!
This is the worst experience I've ever had in my life. And I have been there 5-6 times. Service is a complete disaster. Ive been waiting for my order for 1.5hours... Nothing. Food is great its just service is... Oh well. My last experience showed that nothing is going to change here, I had to go to the place next door to get food while my friends (who was lucky enough to get at least something) were eating. I will never be back there and I would never advice anyone to go there especially if its 5ppl and more. Ps manager is great though... Im so sorry for his team.
I really enjoyed my experience here.  We made reservations and were sat promptly, I would definitely suggest reservations as a group of women ahead of us were told the wait was around an hour.  The staff seemed pleasant, and service was good, friendly and not over baring.   I was thrown off by yelling that was done every so often by the servers... not sure what it was supposed to mean, or what cued it, but it just felt off? 

You can either order totally a la cart or chose one of the combos, there a lot of options and we went with the value combo 1. because it seemed like a great deal and 2. so we didn't have to make our own choices from the large variety of offerings.  I would definitely do the combo again.  It was a LOT of food for two people.  

You get two appetizers, the salmon and the dumplings were very good, the salmon had a small amount of spice and a really nice subtle ginger flavor that didn't overpower it.    The soup and salad were pretty standard, but enjoyable none the less.  The meat seemed to come out pretty randomly, the combo came with chicken, sea bass and 4 kinds of steak, 2 of them being the kobe style, as well as vegetables and bibimbap.  The server who dropped off the meat told us about how long to cook each item, though the sea bass took much longer than was suggested. The kobe was the clear winner, all of the steak was very good, all tender and marinated in a nice tangy, but again not overpowering marinade.  The dipping sauces at the table are tasty too.  The chicken and fish were alright, nothing special, same with the bibmbap.  S'mores come with the combo, they were definitely a nice fun touch, however you get one marshmallow and two pieces of a Hershey bar (I don't know about you but I always make my s'more with two marshmallows and half a Hershey bar), its a small complaint but having the portion be normal sized would have been nice.  

All in all it was a fun experience cooking the meat and veggies, and the food was tasty and share-able.  There were a lot of birthdays going on there, and it seems like the new place to go with a group.
Meh, skip the sampler and go with the kobe STYLE (not actual Kobe) steak.

I got the $75 sampler for two which includes appetizers and meats. While there is a great deal of food, the only thing worth mentioning was the chilean sea bass and the kobe style meat that came with it.

First, the appetizers. The salad was just a generic salad with a very light spattering of dressing with 6 slices of egg and a few cherry tomatoes next to a spring mix, no good. The dumplings were 4 or 5 bland pork dumplings with some type of chili sauce, no good. The seared salmon was actually pretty good, I enjoyed that. We also ordered the addicting cucumbers, nothing addicting about them. they could've used a longer bathing in vinegar, they were bland. The seaweed salad, also ordered separately, was pretty good, but a small serving size that came with a small serving or normal salad to fill the plate. The bowl of fried rice was too soggy, it was like a poor man's bibimbap.

We cooked all meats to medium rare. 

The main course was kobe style steak, not sure which one it was, but this was the only well flavored marinade and juicy of the meats that came. Remember, it's Kobe STYLE, not actual kobe, which is why it's so cheap. The chicken was flavorless. The new york strip was dry and flavorless. Not sure what the third meat was, maybe pork? but it was dry and no good. The chilean seabass was good, but it was a tiny piece. It was flavored well and I really enjoyed it. 

Dessert was 2 weak ass smores. 2 graham crackers, marshmellows, and a few pieces of hershey's chocolate.

If you go, skip the sampler and just order the kobe STYLE meat. Nothing else is worth it besides that and the overpriced bass.
This review has me between a rock & a hard place. I really was excited about this place because my cousins raved about it. So on this particular day we went to 3 different bars before heading here. I was so tipsy by the time I got here but that didn't change the experience that I'm about to share with you. 

When we first arrived it was 3 minutes before our reservation & don't you know they weren't ready for us. What's the sense in making a reservation if you still wait 20 minutes before being seated. This mishap didn't stop me from being excited about trying this place. They did comp us some appetizers & a drink for the inconvenience, which I do appreciate. We head to the bar area & at first I thought my eyes were deceiving me but nope there was in fact a child in a booster seat seating at the bar. Now I will say he was the cutest little thing but it doesn't negate the fact that there's a child next to me as I consume my glass of wine. I might as well have made a toast with him. His sippy cup & my glass of wine . A few minutes later we were seated. Now buckle up the worst is yet to come. 

We're seated & at first our table grill wouldn't heat up properly & started making an obnoxious noise. The server comes over & she replaced the grill & poured water inside to cool it down. Our food should be arriving to our table shortly but our grill wasn't even heating up; since the purpose of the Resturant is that you cook your own food. The manager stops by our table & fixes the grill & informs us that it wasn't turned on properly. So at this point I still haven't written the place off I'm still excited to get the tofu I ordered & grill it myself. The food arrives & everyone is grilling their items. I place my tofu on the grill & it starts to crumble like a cookie. I think to myself that tofu is suppose to be very firm & now I'm annoyed instantly . Playing with my food is like playing with my emotions; so now I'm officially hangry!!!! The server comes back over & I show her what's happening & she gets her manager who then tells me that I was brought out the wrong tofu. You can imagine my frustration at this point.  I get the correct tofu & im enjoying my meal with my cousins. Our server became inattentive to the point where the table next to us got up & got a pitcher of water & began refilling their water theirselves. At the end I asked to speak to the manager who adjusted our bill to reflect the experience we had. She was sweet, attentive & was all about rectifying our experience. She's the reason I have rated this place 4 stars instead of 3. Customer servicing is a must & had she  been our server I'm sure I wouldn't have had anything negative  to say. I look forward to giving them another try sometime soon but who knows. Book your reservation & see for yourself! Hopefully your experience will be a better one.
My boyfriend and I  spontaneously walked into this restaurant for a late lunch. We were immediately greeted by a hostess and was sat down promptly. 
Our waitress was very social towards us, she spoke with knowledge but also kept the conversation interesting. 

The dining table has a stove top grill that you cook your proteins and veggies, which makes dinner active and exciting.

Our waitress recommended many options and showed us this meal for 2, it came with various types appetizer starters, main entrees, and dessert.
Our appetizer starter were edamame, miso soup, salad, and another option. The main entrees consisted of five different types of protein such as various types of beef, chicken, and salmon, which were accompanied with vegetables such as peppers, onions, corn on the cob, and mushrooms. As for dessert we had s'mores, we got to heat up our marshmallows over the stove to make a delicant dessert.

Their manager was very friendly and admired we came from a different state, she made our dining experience welcoming.

I would recommend this place to anyone who live there or came from another state or country to try this place out.
Probably the best Asian barbecue I have ever had! The meat is really quality, and the spicy sauce provided at the tables are wonderfully addicting
Had a great time at this place with friends. We went with a group of 5 couples and most of us ordered the Meat Lovers option which was plentiful for two people to share. The food was presented raw and the waitress instructed us on how long to cook each meat. The experience of cooking the food on the grill at the table was pretty nice. The men weren't to keen on the idea of going to a restaurant to cook food but they all enjoyed it because it was pretty easy to cook, didn't take long, and everything was delicious. I was concerned the food would not be seasoned well and that the food might not have a consistency in taste but my concerns were eliminated after I ate the first piece of meat. It was perfectly seasoned, succulent, and delicious. If you're concerned about overcooking or undercooking your food don't be...the waitress was helpful and it is pretty apparent when the food is done cooking. This place did not disappoint and I would definitely go back again. 

The only suggestion I would have is for management to incorporate a way for large groups to have separate checks identified up front. At the end of our meal the waitress manually wrote out separate checks which was time consuming and bit awkward. It would have been nice to have the separate checks per couple broken down especially since this is a place where large groups of people are likely to meet up for dinner. I was surprised that it wasn't already a part of the process. 

Great food! Good experience!
If you're familiar with Korean BBQ, you'll be at home with Gyu-Kaku, which is a chain of Asian BBQ joints that have opened up across the nation and even in Canada. Branded as Japanese Yakiniku BBQ, think of it as DIY cooking of marinated meats and veggies, all from the comfort of your table. 

It's a sleek and modern space, with plenty of seating and even a bar up front. You can order a la carte, or even opt for the set courses. I'd recommend going a la carte as the savings encountered by ordering the set courses are minimal at best. And who knows, you might encounter poor service resulting in missed courses, as we did. 

Whenever you do Korean BBQ, you're hoping for a good venting system. Gyu-Kaku Philly has a decent one, but fair warning. Your clothes will still smell like BBQ so check your coat if that's an issue! 

Kobe Style Course for 2 [$115]
Hot oil seared salmon, edamame, gyu-kaku salad, miso soup, garlic fried rice bibimbap
Kobe "style" rib-eye, hanger steak, filet mignon, flap steak, assorted vegetables
S'mores 

First things first. As I alluded to above, we were never served the salmon or edamame. Even when we brought this up to our 2nd server (more to come on that), all we received was a reluctant "I don't know what you were served." Seems to be consistent with the issues noted with service on Yelp. Coupled with the minimal savings by going the set course route, it definitely wasn't worth it for us. Regardless, let's get on with the food! 

Miso Soup 

We started off with miso soup. This iteration was fairly standard, but I appreciated that it wasn't overly salty and had plenty of tofu as well. 

Gyu-Kaku Salad 

The salad was a mix of sliced cucumbers, cherry tomatoes, spring mix, and hard boiled eggs. 

Garlic Fried Rice Bibimbap

The standout in terms of taste and presentation was the garlic bibimbap. Mixed tableside, the crisp rice at the bottom known as nurunji (socarrat for the Spanish and tahdig for Persians) was definitely present and offered wonderful textures. The bits of egg and garlic-sesame oil seasoning helped to create a delicious, and substantial bite. 

 Assorted Vegetables

Gyu-Kaku starts the grilling off with assorted vegetables as the cooking time takes longer. This includes some zucchini, red peppers, mushrooms, onion, and corn. 

Kobe 'Style' Flap Steak

The flap steak was marinated in a sweet and savory sauce and studded with sesame seeds. Cooked for just about a minute, it was tender, but still had toothsome bite. 

Kobe 'Style' Hangar Steak

Even though this isn't real deal Japanese kobe beef, you can't deny the marbling on the beef. The hangar steak was definitely one of our favorites.

Kobe 'Style' Filet Mignon 

The filet was expectedly tender and juicy.
 
Kobe 'Style' Ribeye

The ribeye was a cut bit thin for my liking. It wasn't marinated, perhaps to showcase the cut.

Pork Belly [$5.95]

Obviously, I had to try their pork belly as well and it's a must order in my mind. On the grill, it cooks crisply, yet still has an unctuous richness to it. 

S'mores

The meal ended with s'mores. While I appreciated that they continued to make use of the grill, the Hershey's chocolate, marshmallows, and Graham crackers seemed pretty low budget for a restaurant that was charging over $100 for a set course. It also doesn't seem to go quite well with the theme of Japanese / Korean BBQ. 

We also encountered issues with service. Our original server was friendly enough, but she left during the middle of our meal without any word to us. Eventually our second server, Jason, took over without an explanation. He was nice enough, but as I mentioned earlier, when questioned about the missing courses, he simply noted that he didn't know what we had earlier. Hopefully service has improved since we last went. 

Overall, if you haven't had the chance to enjoy Asian BBQ, Gyu-Kaku is a decent bet. They also allow you the option of enjoying some higher quality meats than you'd find at your standard Korean BBQ joint.
The food is not in the same quality as Gyu Kaku in NYC and Chicago. For this price, you should get much better cut, not the thick and careless cut.
We ordered all you can eat menu. And it took more than 20 each time to ask for more food. For most of time, we were waiting for food.
We have had a challenging relationship with Gyu-Kaku since it opened several years ago.  We have had some decent meals and some not so decent ones throughout the years but as the only Japanese style yakiniku which also happens to be a popular chain in Japan we used to enjoy we always "wanted" it to be great and have supported it for years.

Since the pandemic the place is a shell of itself and this was our first and surely will be our last trip to the Callowhill site.

Some highlights:
Around the bar as you entered the restaurant they seemed to be using this area as an equipment storage area.  I saw a colander sitting in a box as I went by.  Also in another booth which most likely was non operational the employees had left all their clothes, belongings etc.  rather than storing them somewhere away from customers.

The bathrooms were filthy even by train station standards.  We arrived at opening and the floors were filthy, trash had not been emptied and there were even many toilet seats broken.  Nothing like spending $100 on lunch in a restaurant you are too scared to use the bathrooms in.  Maybe they will get cleaned the mop and a smelly bucket were still sitting near the bathroom but in the customer seating area.

Restaurant cleanliness which has never been great through the years has fallen way off, sticky floors and tables throughout, chipped wood, dirty windows etc.

We ordered our normally favorite appetizer the Tuna Volcano roll but were told the "fryers did not start up".  Our waiter told us they could fry it in oil in a pot and rather than just say no thanks we went for it.  Big mistake, the rice was fried so hard it was inedible and the tuna on top tasted as though it had sat in the fridge too long.

My wife normally goes just for for the Japanese draft beer they always had on tap.  When we tried to order they alerted us they "have not had draft beer" for months.  Perhaps it's time to update the huge picture menu which shows beautiful looking draft beer then on the cover.

The meat was so so at best but nothing special at all.  The beef tongue which is also a staple of good yakiniku was bland and tough.

As we tried to leave and use our last 15% coupon their system crashed so we had to leave credit card details which we are still waiting for the charges to show.

Across the board anywhere you would look it was just super poor and honestly sad.  Even the grill grates the meat are cooked on we're rusty and needed to be replaced.  

It is impossible to give any positive comments about the entire experience.  Our waiter was nice and tried to be accommodating but in that place it can't be easy.
This is my favorite restaurant in the city. I have never had anything I didn't like. During the week you can't beat the lunch special. And make sure to sign up for the app to earn points. The toro beef and the Yaki shabu are to die for!!
Hello, my girlfriend and I were visiting from NY and tried to your website and it doesn't take reservations. We also called and your location goes to straight to voice mail. This is truly disappointing. We understand that it's a pandemic and we're trying to be first come people to alleviate chaos but to call later and hear everything is full or a particular number is needed to be seated is again disappointing. Also, fixing your website I would assume takes pressure off your hostesses or whomever has to handle massive calls. If it's a cost thing thing leaving a voice-mail message for best time to call our details goes a long way. There are Gyu-Kaku in NYC but we were restricted to bar menu for deliveries and hoped to sit down and have a meal.
Just offering feedback. I won't give a 1 star as the reviews make it appear like a great try in Philly and making a reservation much smother.
Tried it for lunch and it was....meh. Basically Japanese style Korean BBQ except everything is ala carte. As one who's been to Nihon many times and had real yakiniku, this place cannot compare.
Went back for dinner and service was non existent. How can it take 45 minutes to bring out raw meat & veggies? My daughter in law ordered the Karaage appetizer and we sent it back. Basically 4 pieces of dried out chicken with teruaki sauce in an aluminum cup. Why didn't it come with spicy mayo, we asked? "We ran out". Really. They get a "gimme" star for the cheap beer specials, if you're on the wagon, walk on by.
Make sure you make a reservation before dining or you'll have to wait a while for a table. (Doesn't matter how small or large your party is)

I definitely recommend coming during their lunch specials which ends at 5pm or during happy hour which ends at 6pm. You can't bet the price during those times!
-
Soo, since I got off work early today.. my boyfriend and I decided to have an early dinner at Gyu. When we arrived to the restaurant it was around 5:25pm. Once we got seated we knew exactly what we wanted to order since we ate here before and we didn't want to miss happy hour.

However, when it was time for our check (which we asked the server for) my boyfriend and I waited a very long time for the check to arrive. Then, we realized that our server didn't put our food in as happy hour when we came in way before 6pm. We told the server and he apologized then fixed our  check. When he gave us the check back, he forgot to take off my happy hour drink. We received 3 bills tonight. He had to fix it twice. He was nice enough to fix it but I felt like this wouldn't had happened if he paid attention when putting the order in.
This is the place for Yaki Niku!  Which is Japan's version of korean BBQ. ((Which I love because it's not fireball hot and spicy!))
I recommend you make a reservation in advance. 
So this type of restaurant is where you have The flame right in front of you and you barbecue your own food with a plate of freshly sliced red meat! 

If you like you can have them cook it in the back kitchen. 

Of course you pick what you like and there are also vegetables! 
Since this was the first time for friends of mine ....we got the group set... It was the "happy hour set". We had a salad and soup and then we had a plate of vegetables to be grilled and then there were several plates of meat. I chose chicken and beef. And it came with two different dipping sauces one was sweet and spicy and the other one was just savory sweet. It was so delicious. I also got the iced green tea & my friend enjoyed ordering from the bar! There were wonderful selections! Shochu , sake & even umeshu!

Service was fantastic. All the waiters were very attentive getting drinks getting whatever we needed ! Happy servers! It really was a great welcoming feel here. I was too stuffed eat dessert but they did have Matcha desserts which I really want to have next time I come back. 
I also love air conditioning and I hope that it works a little bit stronger next time I'm here.
Been dying to try this place since I saw it being built. Decided to take the wife and little one yesterday for a nice dinner. We're huge Korean BBQ fans, so that's what I had in my head. I have to say I was a bit disappointed in this place. The decor is very nice and it's centrally located, which is nice. You can order a combo meal ranging from $70 for 2 people to $180 for like 6 people. You can also order ala carte from the menu, but (at least with our server) this doesn't seem to sit well with the staff. YOu get to choose your meat/veggies and the marinade for your meat, which you grill at your table. WE ordered the spicy pork, the hanger steak with garic, garlic shrimp, asparagus with garlic (yes, we like our garlic) and garlic bibimbap with an order of shrimp dumplings. Once we ordred the server seemed put off that we weren't ordering more food, which was annoying. The food was good, but nothing that blew my socks off. The dishes are cheap, but can add up quick. I will say that the combo's seem to be a great deal, if you want to eat that much. Overall, I had a decent experience but am not chomping at the bit to go back.
Love Japanese BBQ and the food was good, but definitely had that "chain restaurant" atmosphere and seems a little overpriced.

My husband and I came for dinner - reservation definitely recommended for a Friday night.  They didn't have any 2-person tables available, so they sat at in the party room at a table for 6. The extra table space was nice, but it was very noisy (even more than you'd expect in a party room)... the noise seemed to carry a lot and we had trouble hearing each other.

The kimchi app was delicious and came in a generous helping.  For the grill, 3 meats and 2 veggies was the perfect amount for two.  The strip steak was especially delicious, and you can never go wrong with grilled chicken and scallops.  Char-grilled pretty much anything is delicious, so I was definitely happy with my meal.  The grill could have used some extra oil though - the scallops and veggies kept sticking and then falling apart.

As I said, the food was good, but $10 for 4 medium-sized raw scallops that you cook yourself seems a little much.  Any sides you want (lettuce wraps and sauce, rice, etc.) are extra.  It would have been nice to have some sauces come with the meats, especially since the marinades were imperceptible.  We got ginger on the chicken and white soy on the steak, but I couldn't tell any difference between them or between the taste of the scallops with no marinade.  It's the type of meal that makes you wish you could go to the grocery store and buy the exact same ingredients and cook them yourself at home on the grill.

Service was great - friendly and prompt.  Note they stop taking online reservations after 5pm day-of, but they were accommodating when I called and had no problem taking our name for 8pm.

Even though we were in the city, I had the feeling of being out to dinner in the burbs... very similar to a Hibachi or P.F. Chang's type of atmosphere.  Not bad, just not my top choice for a date night dinner.  

Worth a try if you like Japanese or Korean BBQ, and seems especially good for groups.  I'm not dying to go back, but glad we checked it out.
I've dined here at this location twice so far and think that this location really needs to keep up with the standards of other gyu-kaku locations. I've been to the Honolulu location and was impressed with the taste, service and cleanliness of the restaurant.  My first disappoint was the bowl of white rice.  Rice is so very important to the how the meal will taste, this Gyu-Kaku location either doesn't measure the correct amount of water to cook it or they are using a very inferior quality rice. Rice should hold its shape and not be mushy, broken or put in a bowl without any thought to make it presentable. I know it's just rice, but if you are going to be a Japanese restaurant please have a wholistic approach to the appearance of the importance of rice.  The bathrooms are dirty and smelly, no one cleans it, it's disgusting.  The entrance is manned by a hostess that to my observation doesn't notice how dirty the entrance windows are but does notice her phone. It would take only 10 minutes to clean the ledges and windows of the entrance.  Besides the negatives the meat was fresh and flavorful. Nothing like grilling your own meat and eating it piping hot. We also ordered the kimchi, that kimchi was a tad over done and should be made into a kimchi chigae.  I hope that someone at management or corporate reads this and understands that people love the food and concept but the lack of cleaning is a real big letdown.
Amazing food!! Always my repeat place to come. 12-4 happy hour so go and take advantage!!!
I visited this location, which is somewhat new over the past six months or so, in the Granary building in the Callowhill area.  The restaurant is pretty big, and has a fairly extensive menu and full bar.  

The concept of this restaurant, which is a chain apparently, is Japanese BBQ.  The meat, poultry, seafood, and vegetable selections are brought raw, and you cook them on the gas-fired BBQ on the center of the table.  They have a few pre-configured meals, which include a variety of proteins and vegetables.  They also have a la carte options.  The pre-configured meals are probably your best bet, as the a la carte options look to be a bit expensive if you choose  too many.  

Overall, the food was good...I mean, it's hard to mess up raw ingredients, let's be honest.  The interactive nature of the dinner is great for groups and kids...just keep them away from the open flames!  The service was pretty good; the general manager was there, and she clearly runs a tight ship, which is nice to see.  

Definitely a place I'd try again!
Great food, slow service. Good atmosphere and great food. But lacked attention from the staff. Seem like they were understaffed on this date. I would probably recommend this restaurant but will need patience for another go here.
I went here a month or two ago with my boyfriend. I was kind of excited to stop by here since it's close to my school and it was DIY bbq (which is hard to find in the city.) upon entering, there was a huge group of people waiting. The hostess told us it would be about an hour wait! We decided to sit at the bar for some appetizers and drinks. We got two appetizers: the tuna volcano and the chili oil shrimp dumplings. The tuna volcano was probably the most delicious thing I ate at the restaurant. The dumplings were okay. Our bartender was a bit in the weeds as he was giving people the wrong orders. However he was super nice to us. My boyfriend told him that his drink was not strong enough and our bartender kindly gave us a shot on the house. Our bill for 2 drinks and 2 appetizers ran us $30!!! Talk about expensive..

Once we were directed to our table, it took our server almost 20 minutes and us asking her 3 times to bring us water... We decided to order the "meat lovers" special since my boyfriend is a big guy and can eat someone out of house and home. It was around $70.
The special came with 5 types of meat, a rice dish, shrimp and grilled vegetables. Our first 3 meats came out together. All of them, literally, ALL OF THEM tasted the same. Same marinade same everything. I understand that this is a Japanese BBQ but it was a huge let down since there was only a handful of meat and it didn't have the same savory taste as Korean BBQ does. Also one would think that the grilled veggies and rice would come out with the first order of meat... But our rice didn't come out until almost an hour into our meal and our veggies were the last thing to come to our table!!!!! You would think that either everything came together or they would come in an acceptable order. 
Not only that but we had a lull in the middle of our meal.. No food came to our table for at least 30 mins and our water was never refilled until the end of our meal. 
I'm pretty sure it doesn't take that long for premarinated meat to come from kitchen to table...
The only reason I was even remotely full from this meal is because we asked for two bowls of rice in the middle of our meal because the rice dish that was supposed to come with our meal didn't make it to our table until we were almost done our food. 
This whole ordeal took us 2 hours to complete only for us to spend 
$130 some dollars and end up hungry again an hour later.
Would I ever come back? Maybe if I broke my leg, my car was stolen and all of the taxis were MIA and this restaurant was the only one open. 
The only reason I'm even giving them 2 stars is because of the kind bartender and that ONE thing we ordered was extraordinary
Went back a 2nd time and this time did not do the all you can eat. We ordered plate by plate and basically only paid half of what I paid last time with a much better experience. I think if you get the all you can eat you have a pressure of trying everything and not really enjoying what you like. In my opinion I think picking and choosing is the best way to enjoy your meal. The bimbimbap is a must!
It used to be good. We were here several times before pandemic. Even in Oct 2020, when we came here, it was good. But today, the service was definitely disappointing. Five star to it used to be, one for now.

We've been to different Gyu-kaku in the U.S. so many times. This is the worst experience I've ever had.
We ordered beef tongue, the waiter told me he was not sure if it's available but he will check for me. Even after we finished the lunch and leave, we didn't hear any response from the waiter. 
No tableware after serving salad for 5mins. Eventually got those after our reminders.

Dirty plate, you can see the water and oil stains on the plate.

No empty bowl for edamame shell.

No sauce plate, even after we requested. The waiter told us this was the company's policy. So where do we suppose to put the sauce? The dirty plate?

No miso soup and Japanese chicken karaage for starter, served after reminding at the end of lunch.

No garlic shio cabbage and New York steak. After remaining, we was told that New York steak was sold out. The waiter has it replaced by filet. Garlic shio cabbage served after we almost finished the meat.

No water refills even we finished the first cup.

The table beside us has their tray replaced twice. After our demand, we finally got our dirty tray replaced when we only have one plate of meat left, by another waiter.

We didn't get the QR code on recipes for rewards.

Overall, it is really uncomfortable experience.
grill your own food. feel like a fancy pseudo chef. 

friendly staff and great ambience. really tasty food. very flavorful.

fun environment. great place to go to dinner with coworkers. would recommend.
Dining at Gyu-Kaku during the annual Sakura Festival in Philadelphia turned out to be one of the best food deals I have encountered this year!  The worldwide Gyu-Kaku entered the Philadelphia market last July and it is a great addition to the dining scene.  It might be the only restaurant in town that specializes in the popular Yakiniku BBQ cooking of Japan.  Every meal can turn into your personal feast.  I went with the Sakura Festival menu and began with Miso soup and a lunch salad.  The next course were very tasty fried shrimp dumplings.  And then for the main grilling course I had excellent quality Bistro hanger steak with miso & pork belly with Shio sauce, and for my bbq veggie - zucchini.  The lunch ended with scoops of green tea ice cream.   Mmmmm!

Everything went so smoothly and turned out so delicious. I had an awesome server in Ron who explained so clearly how everything worked and checked back frequently to see if I needed anything else. The restaurant is attractive on the inside with a full bar.  It's kind of easy to go by it however without noticing it as there is not much of a sign outside ... but when you do find Gyu-Kaku (which by the way means Bull's Horn), the staff will welcome you in Japanese and do their best to ensure that you have a memorable meal!
I decided to get take out this time and they don't allow you to call first and pick, you have to drive there and order in person - pretty stupid concept if you ask me, beats the purpose and convenience of a "pick up" order. Granted I only ordered the rice and steamed dumplings but it took the 30 minutes to give me my order!! Not to mention that the staff are just so unprofessional and talking about their personal lives at the bar! Never will I do this again...
Service very slow. And the server added the gratuity to our checks, with her own handwriting. There were only four in our party.
The food was great (4.5 star), the service was not (2 star). Averaging a 3 star rating. 

My party and I went out for lunch on Black Friday and the restaurant was moderately busy but not terribly so. The food was really good and I feel we got a decent deal (premium party course) which worked out to about $90 for four people after taxes and not including tip and we all left pleasantly full.  

The downside to the visit however was the service, or lack thereof. 
1. We didn't receive any drink refills (waters or soda) even though we asked. Upon bringing the check the waitress finally refilled our waters. Thanks, I guess?
2. Had to ask twice for forks. 
3. Waitress forgot the additional sauces we ordered until reminded.
4. We asked for additional mushrooms and zucchini mid-meal, never received but at least we weren't charged for something we didn't get. 
5. I found out after leaving that apparently another person in my party had ordered something else that too had not been delivered. 

I left a feedback card with items 1-4, but I doubt management saw it since we left it on the table upon leaving. I didn't see a general manager at the location and I didn't think to leave it with the hostess upon exiting. 

My young brother paid for the meal for our party as thanks for flying him out for the holidays and taking him up to see Philly and honestly I felt embarrassed having him do so due to the service we received. I expected better. 

If my husband and I still lived in Philadelphia we'd probably give this restaurant another shot attributing this to an off day, but since we don't and this was an out-of-our-way meal we will probably avoid in the future.
Spinach and garlic in tin foil with no spice. No thanks. 

Go for the noodles. Still not great.

The cameras over every table are comforting , though.
We had avocado salad, kalbi, harami, beef tongue, premium sirloin, sukiyaki bibimbap, and green tea mille crepes. The menu was a bit limited compared to the ones in Tokyo, but everything was delicious. My best favorite is harami for sure.

I see some people gave low ratings because the service was slow. We also needed to wait a little bit as we didn't make a reservation, but otherwise, the service seemed perfectly fine to me. Our server was very very friendly and made us feel welcomed. I would definitely come back :)
Okay
Great atmosphere; a perfect place for a date. My food was as flavorful as an average bbq. I didn't expect much because gyu kaku is a chain. My service was okay to say the most; I can tell the young man was new and he made a few rookie mistakes.

1. If a costumer finds hair in their salmon appetizer and was understandable about it, they should be rewarded.

2. Always check on your table AFTER the food is served to see if everything came out ok.

3. Grab the empty plates. Costumers appreciate the attention and the clean table.

4. Don't ever ever ever ever talk to the customer while you are walking away! It's unprofessional and rude.
The quality of the food was pretty good. But the service was not pleasant at all. We were not seated or greeted right away when we standing right in front of the host. The servers did not arrive at a timely manner. When we called the other server, he didn't even look at us and walked away (he was at the next table) which is soo rude. That totally ruined my appetite.
Insanely delicious. 

Also so fun to cook the meats yourself!

The all you can eat first tier was worth it.

Service could have been better (waited 10 minutes after being seated until someone took our order) but still 5 stars because of the food
I'm a huge fan of gyu kaku, been to the ones in New York and Miami, so we wanted to give this one a try too. 

First time: ordered a garlic spinach and it was super salty, and a scallion sauce for the tongue which...just had no scallions. Waitress also never came by to take our order. 

But since we loved the ones in New York and Miami so much, we gave it a second try. We went on a Sunday for lunch, so it was not busy at all. Food didn't come for 35 minutes, beer didn't come for another 15. Service was horrendous. It's BBQ that you handle yourself so how bad can service get? But it can actually get problematic here. No orders are taken, food takes more than 20 minutes to get to you, and a beer takes at least 15 minutes. 

Just wondering, why does food take more than 20 minutes when you do the cooking? Aren't the meats marinated beforehand so all they have to do is cut it?
such bad service with no waiter or waitress asking us for water for half hr. And the waitress not even showing up. The food is just normal. Took an hr to start the first bit. Never gonna come again
I love Gyu-Kaku as a chain and it's ability to make amazing Japanese BBQ so accessible! I've been spoiled by the NYC locations and I expected a lot from this Philly location. Overall, the food quality is just as good. The execution of it all was a bit lacking. I'm not one to pick on service as a Yelp reviewer, but this is one of those places that I would've liked a little more attention than was given. 

Our table of two got one of he happy hour meat samplers which was a killer deal considering that we got miso soup, edamame, 6 different meats, veggies as a side, and a small stone pot rice on the side. Oh and s'mores! But not once did they change our grill despite it getting nice and burnt from the various meats and sauces. The dishes were haphazardly placed on our table and we never really got more than our original glass of water... It was late for lunch time on a Saturday (around 2pm) and not busy there... I expected more because the NYC locations were always able to blow me away. 

The food is there and I would certainly be willing to come back but please do improve your execution!
