There is nothing nasty about this Han house of szechuan cuisine at Second & Chestnut in Philadelphia. This Chinese palace deserves all the praise it receives.  Housed in a former bank from the Golden Age, the high ceiling and neo-classical architecture are a fitting backdrop for the high quality and superior platters conceived and executed in the kitchen woks. 

We had a 15 minute wait for our table to be ready, but the time was well spent at the bar sipping an excellent Malbec and adjusting to the bustle of a busy Friday night. Really liked our table in the back under the dramatic staircase. More private and romantic.

 We ordered four dishes prepared in different styles, and moderately to seriously spiced. Cumin lamb, dry fry beef, dry pepper fish and string beans with minced pork, arrived seven minutes after our excellent server accepted our requests. The quickness surprised us. Yet, each dish was perfectly plated and at their peak flavor. None were overly oily, and each distinct in their texture and taste, despite the use of similar Szechuan red and black peppers. Everything was delicious, and we were glad for over-ordering so we had plenty to bring home. 

The size of the room was unusual for an American Chinese restaurant, and reminded us of the large banquet showrooms popular in China. It added to the authenticity of the overall experience. 

I didn't remember Han D. being such a complete and satisfying night when across the street. Whatever it is, they have it going on now. In spades! 

Five Stars!
10 brave souls met on a rainy Sunday evening while the rest of the city drank green beer in faux Irish pubs. Han, set us up in a great table overlooking the rest of the lowly masses. We imbibed a few drinks, agreed on the $25 tasting menu and within minutes, the food came rolling out; Dan Dan, spicy cukes, wontons, all manner of meats in delicious , spicy sauces, green beans, cabbage and finally, the "weird" special that Han prepared specially for us....Turtle ( prepared like a stew with a savory sauce, potatoes and the shell thrown in as a centerpiece)

We were at once stuffed, amazed and satisfied. Han himself joined our party and hung with us for a bit. It was truly a unique experience. 

I've been a fan of Han and his eateries going back to the Exton and Ro-fo days, before he conquered Philly proper (and now Jersey and NYC) I like them all and never had a bad experience or meal but the Old City location will always be my favorite. There's something magical here. 

That said...I wouldn't mind a Delco location (in Folsom) for those days when I don't feel like schlepping to the city.
Visualize chefs Georges Perrier, Jose Garces and Han Chiang all lined up, a la Sesame Street. 

{musical interlude}

One of these things is not like the other, one of these things just doesn't belong! Can you guess which thing is not like the other? By the time I finish my song...

Stumped?  You shouldn't be.  Two are old-school, crankypants chefs who turn out food that defines its particular style.  One is a new-school, practically cuddly chef whose food is equally transporting, but who came of age in the era of Food Network. Things coming clear yet?

If forthright opinions on what you are ordering don't appeal to you, go elsewhere. If language barriers with some servers make you nervous, go elsewhere. If you require deference, hand-holding and/or General Tso's chicken, I beg of you, go elsewhere. 

If cool crunchy cukes bathed in a spine-tingling mixture of chili and sesame oils sound excting, get to Han Dynasty.  How about dry-pot flounder cooked twice and served flaming to the table, or paper-thin-skinned pork-filled wontons swimming in yet more bright red chili slicks? Han Dynasty will make you sit straight up in your chair and bark like a seal.  So THIS is what Schezuan is supposed to taste like!

I've been here four times and each time have a new experience with new dishes.  The cooling bok choy with mushrooms is one of the only un-spicy dishes on the menu, and creates earthy interludes between all that heat.  Didn't know about it until last night. 

Beyond how good the food is, it is an unbelievable value.  Dinner for six last night, including a very good tip, was $20 each.  Believe the hype, and BYO some sparkling wine.
Han Dynasty is the first restaurant I would think of for Sichuan food in the US! They serve not exactly Sichuan food, but of a fusion with some kind of American influence. For first comers, Han Dynasty really challenges your taste buds. The food here can be REALLY spicy. The spicy level is scaled from 1-10. I would say 5-7 is my comfortable range.

Every time I come, I can't resist ordering the hot sauce fish, the best one I can find in town. The traditional version of the dish is served with a whole fish but here they're serving the fish fillet instead, which really isn't a bad thing. Who has time for bones? 

Another dish I like would be the hot pot style chicken. They're using some special ingredients that make the dish super flavorful. Definitely give it a try!

Best thing about Han Dynasty is they serve rice for free. Great for people who eat a lot like me, but also this rice can sooth your taste buds temporarily, really important if you don't want to set yourself on fire. Also, get a glass of iced water before you start eating. 

Lovin' this place!
This country is full of folks that have only eaten Americanized Chinese food.  You know the deal- You order won-ton soup or if you really want to walk on the wild side maybe you choose egg drop.  Maybe you order an egg roll.  Then its chicken with broccoli and pork fried rice and you have yourself a Chinese meal.  I have an acquaintance who manages one of these restaurants and I can hear him laughing now.  He sees this exact order dozens of time a week!

So you open the menu at Han Dynasty and you figure out right away that you're not in Kansas anymore!  Most of your staple dishes are missing.  Yikes!  Don't worry, the staff can help you and you are in for a great culinary experience.

Let's get the spiciness issue out of the way first.  They use a 1-10 scale here which makes me laugh every time.   Let's say you order a dish at level 4.  Do you really think the busy chef is sampling every dish and adjusting to 10 different distinct levels of spiciness?  Not a chance!  I think there are three general ranges.  Everybody's palate is different but here are my thoughts.  Most Americans will think levels 1-5 are fairly mild.  Level 6-8 will get your attention.  We're talking lips and tongue tingling.  Levels 9 and 10 pack some serious heat.  Level 10 is too hot for many Americans.

The lovely wife and I rolled in last Sunday around 6:30 PM.  We were seated immediately without a reservation.  We ordered drinks and received them promptly and throughout our meal the waiter was great.

For appetizers we ordered Spicy Crispy Cucumber $6.95 (6) and Rabbit w/ Peanuts in Chili Oil $9.95 (10).  As always the cucumbers were incredible.  The sauce makes this simple dish amazing.  The waiter mentioned that the rabbit was served on the bone.  Even with this warning the wife was not pleased.  She thought it was tasty but there were so many tiny bones it was very difficult to eat.  We considered this dish a "miss."

Next came Dan Dan Noodles $7.95 (8).  As literally hundreds of reviews have mentioned, this dish is practically required.  Don't even think about, just order it.

For our entrée we split the  chicken Dry Pot Style $15.95 (10).  It's served in a sizzling mini wok and cooked in a spicy hot pot sauce with black mushrooms, bamboo shoots, bell peppers, and Sichuan peppercorns.  Note that it's on the menu as level 10 and we asked the waiter to dial it back a little.  The sauce in this dish is incredible.  Every bite from beginning to end was an explosion of flavors.  This was easily one of my favorite Asian dishes of all time.

We walked out with contented smiles on our faces.  The next morning I was tossing some cloths in the laundry and I could still smell the Szechuan spices clinging to them!  It made me smile all over again.
I'm so obsessed with Han Dynasty, the authentic Sichuan spot!! This is by far their most striking location, as it's housed in historic Olde City in a converted bank! They leave just enough original details for you to get that feel. 

The food is incredible!!! All items on the menu are rated on a spiciness scale from 1-10, but they are always willing to adjust to your preference. Seriously, don't be afraid if spice isn't your thing. We bring our children here and have never had an issue "dulling down" the kick for them. If you do like spice however, you will be a kid in a candy shop here! 

Their signature dan-dan noodles are a MUST!! They are perfectly spicy and peanut flavored. They're really quite outrageous!! 

We absolutely love the garlic eggplant, the mapo tofu and salt and pepper shrimp also. Can't go wrong with any of those!! (Just a heads up, They will deliver the minced pork, which comes atop a few meals on the side if you ask) 

They offer super reasonable lunch specials and some neat cocktails, too. I recently had the 'Empress' and enjoyed it thoroughly. It was lighter and refreshing. 

I will say service is never real friendly but the food is ready rather quickly. 

We most recently visited for my parents 45 wedding anniversary, and while there were no reservations on Open Table, I called and they accommodated us without issue. Don't hesitate to call if you don't see availability!!

Portions are decent and the plates are delivered family style. It's a great, fun spot for larger parties! 

This is one of the places Anthony Bourdain hit up while he was in town. Although a chain, the food is apparently as close to that offered in the city of the same name as you'll get here in the states. 

YUMMMMMMM!!!
Visited for lunch on a Sunday with a friend and did not need a reservation.

If nothing else, just come here for a drink at the bar so you can enjoy the splendor of this place. This used to be The Corn Exchange Building, built in 1884. Since you're already in the Old City section of Philadelphia, soak up a bit of culture along with the chili oil.

Brad and I went for the Dan Dan noodles, the spicy crispy cucumber, scallion pancakes and eggplant with garlic sauce. While Brad is one of those obnoxious people who chew on ghost peppers without breaking a sweat, my taste buds are much more timid but I thought, since one only lives once, how firey and unpleasant an experience could this lunch be? Turns out we were both pleased.

Our server was a very upbeat, pleasant lad with a charming smile. The noodles are mixed at the table and one order is enough for at least 4 diners unless the diners are carb fiends like us. I had nothing to fear as far as heat went with the Dan Dans. They were spicy and savoury but not incendiary. I'd ordered the cucumber dish to help tone down anticipated heat from the other dishes but wound up enjoying them as mere crisp refreshment. They are listed as heat level 7 on the menu though I scarfed them fearlessly and with no negative repercussions during or after consumption. 

Brad ordered Szechuan chili fries. I was happy with the noodles and the scallion pancakes so I just tasted a few of his spuds. There was nothing outstanding or even notably spicy about the fries so I left them to Brad who cleaned the plate. To each his own...I got a dirty look from my companion for calling them tourist food.

We found the scallion pancakes and the eggplant dish respectable but not especially memorable. Portions are generous, ingredients are fresh and well prepared and at no time were we neglected nor did we ever feel ignored or rushed. 

While I did not get a chili induced endorphin high from my lunch at Han Dynasty, I had a relaxed, filling and satisfying meal and even though it's been several months since I visited, I find I cannot get those noodles off my mind.
"Sichuan Nazi"

The food here was wonderfully spicy and greasy and if it were not for the obscene and horrific service we received by the OWNER of this establishment, I would return.

The owner, Han Chiang, is a bootleg Al Yeganeh (the "soup nazi" of Seinfeld fame). I dont know if this is contrived or what, but I am not buying whatever he is selling. 

Our party of 8 (birthday dinner) placed our orders for apps with a server with no direction or suggestions and pleasant service. We ordered way too much and when it came time to order our entrees, most of us were full.

Han came over to take our order for entrees. Because we were full, not everyone wanted to eat as there were plenty of apps still left over to graze on. We ordered the lamb dry pot (raves on yelp), shrimp dry pot (someone does not eat red meat), and eggplant w/ garlic sauce (for the vegetarian in the group). Immediately, Han told us we didnt know what we were doing and that we were disrespecting Chinese culture by placing our order this way. He told us we ordered wrong, and needed to just order what the f***k he told us to order because he owned this piece of s**t restaurant. Yes, he actually said that to us. We should never order the same flavor profile (here, we ordered both the lamb and shrimp dry pot to accomodate people's eating restriction).  At this point, I lost what little appetite I had left.

We changed the order, dropping the lamb dry pot, keeping the shrimp dry pot and eggplant w/ garlic sauce - 2 separate flavor profiles, no overlap. Han cursed us out told us we were f-ing disrespectful by ordering basically the same thing.  He hassled us and argued until we ordered exactly what he told us to order, which in the end was not part of someone's dietary restrictions and had to be sent back. Han was very upset and snatched the food from the table, knocking over a bottle of wine in the process. 

Everyone was shocked and horrified, but as it was a birthday dinner, we did not make a scene. The scene later came when someone approached Han after we had been waiting 20 minutes for our check. He told us that he owns this f-ing place and he doesnt serve people. He called us s***ty customers and told us to get the f out of his restaurant. He was screaming and carrying on. Everyone in the restaurant was staring.  In spite of the owner's behavior, we did not want to penalize the woman who initially served us our apps (and hopefully was getting the tip, we still tipped 20% and left.

I would never return here. When I go out to eat, I try to be respectful. We did not order items off the menu and tried to take his suggestions and still were berated, belittled and treated like we were less than.  Please do not put up with the tantrums of this child. This is just bad business. I dont know if he is on drugs, bi polar, or what but this is not cool.
This was a depressing meal for me. The pork buns were greasy, slimy, too firm, and the pork was very unappetizing. The dry beef was too crunchy and tasted like it had bones inside it. The scallion pancakes tasted of mostly oil and grease with not much flavor while the dandan noodles were the most disappointment. 

There was a very unappealing smoked bitter flavor and aftertaste as well as a sharp nightmarish acrid punch in the mouth. I enjoy spicy food but this was not done well. The portions were way too small and you will need two entrees each person to fill you up. 

For a larger place, our waiter came over several times to refill which saved the night. The positive part that warrants a star is the atmosphere which is really lush with large white columns, a painted sky blue ceiling, and red drapery.
You know what boyfriends like for Valentine's Day? Lingerie and Han Dynasty take-out. Served separately, of course.
I can't tell you much more than a thousand other people have said here. 

But I can tell you this much. 

The Dan Dan Noodles achieved the "Have to put my fork down and appreciate this flavor" status that relatively few foods have achieved in my lifetime. 

But the biggest surprise was that I could not stop eating the plate of fried rice they put in front of me. It must have nicotine or something addictive in it. I was hooked. 

I also loved the Kung Pao Chicken and scallion pancakes. 

I'm debating if this might be favorite restaurant in the city status. It's up there now among the Tierra Columbiana and John's Roast Pork tier in my world.
If you've read my other reviews, you know I am a huge fan of Han Dynasty and their Three Cup Chicken. This past Saturday, I was in the Old City neighborhood and got the chance to dine-in for the first time at this location.

My friends and I ambitiously arrived with a group of 8 around 8:30 PM on a Saturday. The host was very kind and seemed excited by the challenge of seating us. The restaurant was busy, but not packed. There were two open, large booths and the host offered to split us up between the two booths. We decided that we were willing to squeeze and made our way into just one of the booths.

Our server came over and brought us the additional drink menu that we had not yet received. The entire ordering process was very smooth. Our food and drinks arrived promptly and we were checked-in on often by two different servers.

I tried the Fried Rice with Taiwanese Sausage for the first time and YUM! Of course, I got an order of the Three Cup Chicken to share with a friend. We also inspired another pair of our group to order and split the Three Cup Chicken. The portions were so generous that I think the four of us could have easily all split one, however, I'm always excited to take home leftovers.

When the check came, we noticed an auto-gratuity. Not sure if this was because of our party size, or if this is a standard practice. Either way, the 20% tip was very fairly earned and I was thrilled not to have to do any additional math. I also noticed there is a 3 card limit, as noted at the bottom of the bill. We paid with one, so this was not an issue!

Our experience was great from start to finish, and we all left very full and happy.
Emperor Han Chiang, you did it again. The previous Han Dynasty ruled China for approximately 400 years. The current reign here in the states may even last longer.

So what else can I say about the great Han Dynasty that hasn't been said?

How about the Taiwanese street food menu at the new location that opened across the street from the original place in Old City? From 10PM to 1AM daily, they serve some exclusive food. 

I recommend sitting at the bar. Bartenders like Jesse were a joy to chat with. They were both friendly and helpful. With Han himself serving us the dishes, service was impeccable. Late-night dishes are also affordably priced around $7-10. 

THE FOOD:

1) Order the dan dan noodles- Don't let the simple and amusing name fool you. It's a rather complicated dish that Han has perfected. So friggin' good. 

2) Be prepared to explore authentic Taiwanese/Szechuan food. Han Dynasty does not adjust to our American palates. You won't find a piece of broccoli here.

3) There is a full bar here! The bartenders are fantastic. Washed down our meal with some imported asian beer and even a homemade ginger ale.

4) Will not regret ordering the Dumplings-  They're so damn good! Fried on one side only. They're unbelievably flavorful, juicy, and crispy all in one bite. Does not come with sauce for a reason.

5) You will return.

Came for the Taiwanese street food and I left  dazed and addicted. Profoundly impressed with Han's new establishment. The high ceilings, magnificent architecture, gorgeous bar, and beautiful calligraphy drew by Han's own father created a very special place to eat Chinese food. 

Thank you Han Chiang and the rest of the staff for a great experience. I will be back soon!
This location of Han Dynasty will always hold a special place in my heart. I have had several wonderful meals here over the years and it is consistently incredible food and one of my favorite Asian restaurants in the country.

A lot of people are unfamiliar with real Asian food, when someone mentions Chinese food, most automatically think of the takeout Chinese restaurants that offer such Americanized dishes like popcorn chicken, egg foo young and the like. Well, a visit to Han Dynasty will show these people how truly wonderful Asian food can be.

Han Dynasty specializes in szechuan food, hichbis from the Sichuan Province of China. It can be spicy, as they ate pretty liberal in their use of garlic and chile peppers. I particularly like their use of the Sichuan chile pepper, which has a cool tingling and numbing effect.

The dan dan is fantastic. The double cooked pork belly is life changing. Good appetizers are the dumplings and the scallion pancake. Oh, as for the ma po tofu lunch special, try it here and you will see the difference between a restaurant of this caliber versus this Chinese takeout places that are on almost every corner of every American city.

As an aside, my first time coming here, many years ago, I thought it was so cool that I passed a sign commemorating the spot where Tun Tavern stood, which is regarded as the traditional birthplace of the United States Marine Corps., how cool is that?

Anyway, Han Dynasty is a great place to taste how Chinese food could and should be. It is a lovely and complex cuisine and you owe it to yourself to try it.
If Han had his choice, the Taiwanese sausage would be made fresh daily and hanging outside in the snow. As America would have it, that ain't flying with the health department. So we settle for as close as authenticity can get.

As I chewed on the sweet and snappy Taiwanese sausage, I knew I was in for something good. I thought the raw garlic was too sharp for my tastebuds but they cut the grease and really woke me up. Interesting bites at Han Dynasty.

We also engaged in the Dan Dan Noodles, Three Cup Chicken, String Beans w/ Minced Pork, and Beef Dry Pot style. The Dan Dan Noodles had the type of spice that crept up on you and then lingered on your tongue. The Three Cup Chicken was a bit salty but delicious none the less. The string beans were for the win and the beef dry pot style was fiery, tender, and over a flame. I would come back in a heartbeat and do it all again. But next time I must order the lamb cumin style.

I classify this as upscale Chinese food. We did make a reservation but that proved useless for when we got there. There was no table with our name on it. Fortunately, we were blessed with just a 5 minute wait (55 minutes shy of the hour long waits we heard of).

I like Han Dynasty better than Grand Sichuan in Bay Ridge, NY. We had the pleasure of meeting and chatting with Han while out for a smoker's break. Who are you, where are you from, and how did you like the food? Maybe they were just pleasantries but I felt like Han cares about his customers. After all, if he had it his way, he would make sausage just how they did in the motherland.
If I never have sex again, I will have had Han Dynasty. This place rings my prostate like a doorbell. A glowing, stuck doorbell that won't stop blinking and making noise.

For my New York readers, Han Dynasty is similar in spirit and menu to Grand Sichuan on 7th Av. S. And in many ways, it's even better.

Cumin lamb.
Spicy crunchy cucumbers.
Dan dan noodles.

So many divine, perfectly prepared items. All delicious beyond words. Unless your words are, Please paint my nipples with chili oil, spank me with chopsticks, tell me I've been bad, then feed me the most delicious, spicy meal of my life.

If you've got even a tiny bit of room left, head around the corner to Franklin Fountain for dessert. (But be warned the heavy tourist crowds.)
So this is what Chinese food tastes like... 

With over 70 of them already yelped, I am writing this review to agree with anyone else who gave a five star rating. Like many of you out there, I know diddly about Chinese eating (except that the rubbish I've had tends to make my plumbing work faster), so having Han himself order for my table meant I expected the best, and he didn't disappoint. 

A crew of 11 stopped in on a fairly busy Saturday night with bottles of wine in hand and began planning our orders; luckily, this is when the master himself stepped in. The Dynasty must have seen we were ordering enough grub to satisfy the first and second strings of a professional football team, so the friendly and patient fellow took over and made sure we were getting meals we would actually eat, at the proper spice range for the entire group to enjoy, and in the right amount so that we wouldn't be left with mounds of food on our Lazy Susan (that useful center piece entertained us all night). Here is a list of all the stellar dishes we got down on: 

(No description simply means it was absolutely great)
*Noodles in Sesame oil 
*Dan Dan noodles- Damn good, but nice and spicy too. I was sweating when finished..... just thinking about it makes me want more 
*2 orders of wantons in chili 
*Spicy crispy cucumbers- Spicy, yes, but cool and pallet refreshing as well... a nice way to break up the other hot stuff 
*Taiwanese sausages- a very good and sweet plate of sausage that i could have happily eaten all of myself 
*garlic sauced beef 
*Scallion chicken 
*Black bean chicken 
*?Chicken with dry pepper?- (I can't recall the name exactly, but it came from the popular last week portion of the menu) very good, it came breaded and seems as close as you can come to a general tso dish on the menu. A definite crowd pleaser as well 
*Some type of shrimp dish that never made it to me (because I don't eat sea life) 
*String beans with pork 

All diners were very pleased with all aspects of the night, especially when the bill came to under $20 each, tip included. 

The whole ordering things everyone could handle kept me from getting into the super hot entrees (I am looking at you dry pepper chicken and dry pot pork & rabbit, and possibly even the tripe), but it will happen. What also will happen are frequent missions to score me some Dan Dan to go; it was soooo good. 

*****Extra points given in rating for no urgent next day bathroom runs!!!!*****
This was seriously the worst two minutes that I've ever spent in a restaurant.  We walked in and there were very few customers and no employee to greet us.  A server came out, and was friendly enough and said he'd be right with us.  Then he came back, walked right past us, and went to answer the ringing phone.  Then he proceeded to take a To Go order.  That sucks when you are there, and you are ignored, while the person on the phone gets the attention.

Then a man asked if had reservations.  We said no.  And he make a "that's too bad" face, and asked us if we wouldn't mind sitting at a small table.  The restaurant was empty!  So, we said nevermind, and we left.

Then the guy that ignored us to answer the phone, came running out after us, and asked if there was a problem.  Very confrontational tone in his voice.  What a weird restaurant....
There was a point in my life where I didn't like Chinese food whatsoever. Those days are long gone and would have been eradicated much sooner had places like Han Dynasty been around.

Truth be told, I have a palate that ranges from rags to riches. Honestly, often times, I'd be quite satisfied ordering a Curry Chicken Combo w/ PFR (Pork Fried Rice) at 4:30am with 'chicken' as questionable as the North Philadelphia neighborhood that housed the corner Chinese restaurant complete with bulletproof glass and ordering window.

But I digress, Han Dynasty or "Handy Nasty" as it's come to be called is truly remarkable. I had high hopes and they were completely fulfilled. I've had copious amounts of Chinese food, everywhere I go, in the full gamut: urban corner takeout places, modest strip mall restaurants and reasonably upscale dining. My first experience with Han Dynasty was amazing.

The dishes all seemed a bit atypical from your average and expected offerings such as Kung Pao and General Tso's, that's a good thing. What exists is really a nice selection of dishes, notably ones that cater to those who prefer some spice in their meals.

Service was adequate when it comes to your typical attentiveness. One thing that I truly appreciated though was the capability and insistence to speak up when there's better pairings and choices to be had. For example, I had my mind set on Cumin Beef as I tend to just avoid lamb being that it doesn't really do me well/there's something about it I don't like. The server suggested otherwise and I was wholeheartedly satisfied with his suggestion and appreciated his advice.

Lastly, protip: I'm a big fan of insanely spicy food but generally speaking still order things so that they've got a good kick to them but still tolerable to eat in long sittings. That being said, I'd stick to around 7 or 8 on most things, which is probably higher than most people. I'd like to see somebody order the spiciest dish at a 10, I don't think that'd even be edible by most people.

Also: Get the dumplings in chili oil. You won't be disappointed.

One visit warrants 5 stars from me, I'm craving going there again. With my constant desire to check out new places and never hit up the same spot twice so often... this is pretty remarkable.
What? I've never reviewed Han Dynasty? It's only one of my favorite restaurants in the city, and THE destination for Sichuan cuisine. That's right, Sichuan. This is not your standard Chinese spot. "Chinese food" is in the mall, at the food court. The cooking at Han Dynasty (aka, handy nasty) is on another planet, in another galaxy far, far away, where there are no snowmageddons or other undesirables. Only perfection.

That said, go with an open mind. I personally don't get down with tripe or tendons or rabbit or what-have-you, but I do enjoy trying new flavors and combinations that are unexpected and different. Close-minded, stubborn folks need not bother.

Take last night, for example. My boyfriend and I were in the middle of our first course, spicy dan dan noodles with crumbled sausage and crunchy cucumbers in garlic chili oil. We hear the gentleman behind us tell the waiter he would like fried rice for dinner. The waiter makes a joke about how fried rice is on the kids' menu. The waiter returns to the kitchen and a few minutes pass before Han makes his way to the table. An awkward (but hilarious, to our eavesdropping ears) conversation ensues with Han explaining that the restaurant serves authentic Chinese, and that fried rice is only available for children. 

I think the guy eventually got his fried rice, but I was too busy focusing on my own perfectly sticky white rice with dry fry pork to notice or care. Despite being deliriously happy with my meal, I was already taking notes on what to order next time as I scoped out the neighboring diners' plates. Next up: crispy rice with shrimp and double cooked chicken with chili oil and black bean sauce.
Explosions.  

Let me tell you about explosions.  As far as I'm concerned, there are two kinds of explosions:
1. Deadly explosions.
2. Flavor explosions.

I'm not a big fan of the first.  They are extremely messy and movies have made us think that you can walk away from them in slow motion while putting your sunglasses on and that just is not the case.  While I like type 1 in fiction, they are totally lame in real life...which brings me to the point of this review - the 2nd type.

Flavor explosions are physical attacks on your tongue.  They exist when powerful flavors combine with the internal environment of your mouth and create something awesome.  Not every restaurant can create a flavor explosion with edible ingredients.  But then again, not every restaurant is Han Dynasty.

Han Dynasty's taste bud demolition experts are artists when it comes to creating these types of explosions.  The flavors you get here are extremely bold, spicy, and disciplined.  Here is what I've tried-

Dan Dan noodles - awesome.  Excruciatingly unique.
Dumplings in Chili oil - Very good.
Beef in garlic sauce - Good, but the weakest of the dishes sampled.
Three cup chicken - Amazing.

My experience with Sichuan cuisine is very limited, so my ability to analyze the specific flavors in each dish(ginger, scallion, garlic, happiness) is not as high as I would like it to be in order to make this review truly informative.  All I know is that I've never had anything quite like the food at Han Dynasty and I will be going back...probably tomorrow.

Bottom Line - Han Dynasty is my favorite Chinese food restaurant in Philadelphia at the time of writing this.  On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction scale, this restaurant is Predator
How do I even begin this review?

I have been anticipating this location for a long time, especially after hearing accolades over the Royersford location. I've wanted to drive all the way out there, but why travel so far when a location opened up in Olde City?

My friend and I promptly visited at the end of January. Han was hilarious as he was helpful. For those who don't know already, most of the items have a number next to them that indicate what they are on a spice scale of 1-10 (10 being the spiciest). I ordered the Dan Dan Noodles (6) and my friend ordered Garlic Sauce Style Tofu (4). A-W-E-S-O-M-E!! The great thing about the Sichuan spices is that the heat doesn't annoyingly linger for ages but is able to be warded off. Whew! Trust me, my friend and I were sweating though.

Since then, we've visited many times with friends and I've introduced the Dan Dan Noodles to my parents as well. Everyone I've introduced to the restaurant has enjoyed it, hands down. I just visited this past Friday and it's great to see that Han Dynasty is blossoming into a very popular place.

The only thing I would change is the Mapo Tofu. Something about it is amiss.
Simply, the ultimate destination to satisfy your taste buds. Get the Spicy Crispy Cucumber($6.95) and the Beef Dry Pot($17.95). You're welcome!

Four solid Yelps.
HANDY (not so) NASTY!

I enjoy spicy food, but my body does not agree.  I often taste spicy foods and think, "oh this isn't bad" and find my face pouring sweat a few seconds later.  I hate it, because I love spicy flavors.

I knew what I was getting into with HD, as I've had Szechuan before.  I mentally prepared myself and made the trek out to Old City.

The venue is very, very impressive.  You don't see many chinese restaurants that look this nice on the inside.  I think they got rid of their BYOB aspect, but I'm not quite sure of this (full bar now).

What I did like was that, although they show the spicy level of each dish, you can adjust it at will.  

We tried 4 items, and they were all tasty.  Mapo tofu (really spicy sauce), dry pepper chicken (excellent crunch and flavor), dry pot beef (very spicy as well), and some eggplant dish.

Overall, the flavors were quite amazing.  But I had to go to the bathroom twice just to wipe my head from all the sweat.  I'm sweating just thinking of this meal right now.

I would highly recommend this place for people in the future, but please note that this is no joke when it comes to spicy food.
I decided to go to lunch here with my coworkers after hearing the praises of other Yelpers and local blogs and newspapers.

Their "lunch" menu is simply their dinner menu, but all entrees are half off plus $1.  Why not just print a specific lunch menu with the real prices to eliminate confusion?  

The one server told my Korean friend that she wouldn't like the dish she ordered because "a lot of Koreans order that and none of them like it because it's too spicy and salty" - please let me decide myself if I'd like a certain dish.

Food was amazing, I was so excited to find a great spot near my office, trekking to Chinatown doesn't cut it on some days.

We get the bill and apparently my $12.99 lo mein wasn't an entree so it didn't qualify for the discount.  I asked the server just to clarify what was an entree and what is not an entree, and to perhaps have a different menu so this doesn't happen again (I would not have ordered such an expensive meal for a quick lunch).  He snapped back to me "let me show you since you CLEARLY and OBVIOUSLY don't understand the concept" and proceeded to elbow his way inbetween the seats of my co-worker and I, to show us the menu.  I told him his behavior and words were inappropriate and he replied with "You're the one starting your attitude with me!!"  I told him we were customers and did not need to be talked down to.  He continued to argue with us over nothing, until we told him to please just get us change.  He muttered something and stormed off.

He glared at us while we took our change/signed our credit card slips.  Needless to say, he didn't get a tip (I've never done that in my whole life) and I will never be returning to this place, even though the food was pretty good (albeit on the salty side).  We don't deserve to be treated like that!
Yeah you know all that stomach lining you have sitting around just chillin'? Well put it to the test, now...at Han Dynasty.

This has become one of my top spots for bringing people from out of town who want the spice. Since eating here the first time, I've come back no less than one million times and my intestines are now lined with fucking iron.

If you are going for your first time, here is your standard order - spicy cucumber, Dan Dan noodles, Three cup chicken. If you don't like this, then it is because you are a coward.

Now, I've been exploring more of the menu and I have enjoyed the following items:

Dry Pepper Style fish.  It is perfectly spicy and crispy. If cannibals ever eat me, I want them to prepare my body in this way. Dry Pepper style Brad - It will be my greatest moment.

Fish and beef hot pot. This is advanced eating for practiced pros. The vegetable medley in the hot pot serves as a welcome addition to the meats and not just an afterthought. It is so great.

Cold pork belly - Very interesting. Think of it like thicker, better, colder bacon in a great sauce.

This is my favorite all-around Philadelphia restaurant.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Robocop and Terminator 2 playing on two screens next to each other and the building is on fire.
Han Dynasty has become hugely popular in the Philly area but I was able to try the east Village location in Manhattan first and I was impressed. I was interested in trying the Philly location to see how it compared and I have to admit, I think I have to give a slight edge to the Philly location. Both locations are great but Philly wins compared to the East Village location in terms of flavor. I was also a fan of the Philly venue since it is in Center City and was housed in a former bank, I like restaurants that used to be banks. Btw, spicy actually means spicy here.
 
The food:

Dan Dan Noodles- These were great, I really enjoyed the nice chew from the noodles and I liked the overall flavor of the dish with a hint of sweetness and some tingle from the heat. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=w26N8uDK7YHpSJzGTk51hA&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA

Dry Pepper Chicken Wings- These were my fav at the East Village location and these were my fav here. The chicken was so perfectly cooked, it was so incredibly juicy and the chicken had such a great crunch. While eating the wings, the build up of heat will get you a little sweaty. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=36GSISrXVjWzh8Tz0PBj-A&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA

Pea Leaves with Garlic- These were an OK veg, they were nice and tender with a good amount of garlic but the dish lacked seasoning. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=3GDsY6O7iXW4CXQeY77wHQ&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA

Dry Pepper Short Ribs- These were a special of the day and they were great, there were so tender with that nice dry pepper heat. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=iQzrK8fSQFlQyzSTZnLXeQ&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA
I've been here about three times since my initial bad experience with this place.  Overall the service has been mediocre since my first run in with the bad hostess experience and I've never really enjoyed my entree, but the dan dan noodles kept me coming back.  My experience today however was the absolute final straw; the dan dan noodles aren't worth it.

I came to lunch with three co-workers, two of which had never been there before.  We all came because a couple of us at work had been talking about the dan dan noodles and how good they were.  We wanted the noodles and wanted to order them as our main entree with a couple of Apps to split.  Upon trying to place our order, we were initially told by the waiter that the noodles were pretty large so instead of ordering 4 orders of noodles, we said "ok, we'll order two."  He then told us that wasn't enough and that we were placing a "bad order."  Uhhh, ok.  I thought to myself, he must mean that we should add a meat appetizer or just a third appetizer.  My co-worker asked, "Ok, is there something you would recommend?"  At that point the owner stepped in and preceeded to also tell us that we were placing a bad order.  He also snapped at us telling us that he couldn't reccommend anything... At this point, I was completely stunned that we were being chastised for our order and as I sat with my mouth totally agape, my coworker finally said "look, we came for the noodles, we don't want to order anything else, is that ok with you?"  They said yes and walked off and then proceeded to openly talk about our order and the owner was going on about how we didn't understand Chinese cuisine.   We were sitting no more than 10 feet from where they were standing, so he clearly did not care that we heard every word he was saying. That was it.  We got up, told them we're not going to sit here and listen them as they insulted us, so cancel our order.  I have never had such horrible service at a restaurant, and I was completely mortified that I brought my co-workers there! Ugh!!  Totally second the Soup Nazi comment from another reviewer... this guy is ridiculous.  If you really don't want your apps to be ordered without an entree, don't set up your menu as a la Carte!!! 

Handynasty IS NASTY!!
In the hours before rushing to the airport for my mid-afternoon flight home, I needed a place for a quick, convenient, filling, and moderately healthy power-lunch.  It'd been far too long since I had decent Chinese food, and the buzz surrounding Han Dynasty was too much to ignore, so I quickly huffed it over to Old City.

It was pouring rain, and there was already a crowd outside the door at 11:25am, eagerly waiting for the doors to open at 11:30.  This was undoubtedly a good sign.  A restaurant must be delicious if people are willing to get soaked in bitterly cold temperatures for a bite of their offerings.

I was promptly seated at a two-top by the window and had a chance to browse the menu.  Lots of spicy Sichuan Chinese offerings.  I smiled when I saw absolutely no references to either fictitious Chinese generals or bland lettuce wraps.  The menu helpfully reports the spice level of each dish on a scale of 1-10, but the spice level of everything is customizable to your liking.  (I requested to have everything served at level 3, since I'm a wimp like that.)

Simply put, the food here is divine.  Probably the best Chinese food I've ever had.  My mouth is still watering just thinking about it.

I decided to start with a plate of spicy crunchy cucumbers.  Who knew that cucumbers could have so much flavor?  Tossed in a complex spicy sauce, these cukes were simultaneously cool and tangy and spicy and rich and fatty and refreshing -- and amazing.  If you think cucumbers are a boring, bland vegetable, you must try Han Dynasty's version.

For the main course, I ordered a bowl of Han Dynasty's celebrated Dan Dan noodles.  While they look like fairly ordinary noodles, looks can be deceiving.  I can only describe of texture of these noodles as...silky.  At the table-side, the server tossed the noodles with an intensely flavorful pork broth.  I could eat tubs upon tubs of these breathtakingly perfect noodles and never tire of them.  I can see why this dish is the signature of the house.

The service was as lovely as the food.  Quick and efficient, but not rushed.  I was in and out of Han Dynasty in no time, but the server never made feel like I had to turn my table over any faster than I wanted to.

Han Dynasty has legions of adoring fans both in and outside the Philly area.  You can now count me among them.  For a quick and outstanding lunch in the Old City, you can't do much better than this.

----------------------------------------

And now for the executive summary version of this review:

Handy Nasty -- very handy, but not nasty.
I haven't lived in Philadelphia in about 4 years, and when I get to thinking about as-good-as-it-gets Szechuan food, my mind goes straight to Han Dynasty.

This place does everything just right. The standout in my mind is that they won't bow down to whimpy "not too spicy, please!" patrons. As it's been a few years since I've last dined here, my memory might be a little foggy - until the red peppers pierce through my memory to remind me just how delicious everything is.

My go-to dish here was always the Dan Dan Noodles. You get a really generous portion for a reasonable price. They toss it together for you, and it burns so good going down. The oil, shredded pork, and nuts mix together for a match made in heaven.

Sigh. I miss coming in here for my bowl of Dan Dan Noodles on a cold Philly night. Viva Han Dynasty!
I wonder if I can just say Dan Dan noodles and be done with this review? I suppose you want more insight than just a bowl of noodles? I guess I will have to accommodate seeing this is a restaurant that clearly should be the bench mark on all things authentic Chinese cuisine. 

If you are looking for General Tso's chicken, or Sesame , maybe Sweet and Sour Chicken , then Han is NOT the place you want to go to.  What I am saying along with other fellow Yelpers this is not your everyday can I get a number 22 with an egg roll kind of place. I will say it again ,  Han Dynasty is a true authentic Chinese establishment . 

When you ask for spicy at you regular Chinese joint it is a mild , to medium kick, nothing that is alarming where you are looking for  relief. Han on the other hand pushes the envelope between clearing up your sinuses by the scent alone,  to I think I just kissed the devil. 

Myself I love spicy food, something about it I feel makes the meal or dish stand out even more with the spices used. Let me ask you this if I may. Should breaking into a sweat sound off alarms while eating ? To answer that at some places this might be unusual, here at Han this is a normal occurrence. 

We (Myself, Jim H. ,and Joe C. )  decided to go to Han after a Yelp event in search of food to fill a void. We were seated below, I'm  thinking this is where they put the trouble makers, or maybe it was the fact upstairs was jam packed. I am going with upstairs was packed in our defense. We decided to do an all appetizer approach for our dinning pleasure. 

We all know with out a doubt that an order of Dan Dan noodles with minced pork was guaranteed to make its way to the table. This was an awesome, intense flavor fun filled ride with beads of sweat that  just waken your taste buds.  Simply amazing, they mix that lovely bowl with the pork covering over top like a blanket , making sure this is evenly distributed. Along with those  spices and a chili oil that they are not afraid to pour on, this is a MUST ORDER.  Best part about it is the remainder at the bottom of the bowl, (pork and chili oil) can be added to the white rice if ordered making that party a non stop party. 

Our second and third  appetizers were  Pork Belly in Garlic Sauce  served cold and Dumplings in Chili Oil pan seared.  First off these guys know how to extract all the flavors , pretty much your taste buds will go into a full tilt. The Pork Belly you will immediately taste the garlic which has  a nice little kick to it. The Dumplings with sesame seeds sprinkled over top, with  words could not express how good they were.  A great assortment of 3 dishes with white rice added all being demolished, with glasses of water cooling you down.

Prices were reasonable, actually prices were relatively cheap, for the quality we had gotten.  The best part was we had left overs in rice, dumplings, and pork belly, the  Dan Dan noodles were annihilated in minutes.  Best part about it is I brought this to work , so I could have something at 4 am. When it came time to make other jealous while they were eating their bland meals, I opened up the carry out boxes. That enticing aroma filled the air , heads turned with curiosity wondering what I was eating. I will say this tasted just as good cold, compared to right out the kitchen. 

Great establishment , great service, great all around. I will say this, as others have said ... Dan Dan noodles is a must order.
Don't eat here unless you like authentic Szechuan food! This is a fantastic place, and very VERY chinese. This means the flavors are PUMPED UP, much salter, spicier, and more all round flavorful than most Americans are used to. 

Another element of being an authentic Chinese restaurant: the service is going to be sloppy and occasionally rude.

Bottom line: come for the experience and the food, but know what you are getting yourself into. Okay?
Han, the owner, is a *crazy* dude...in a good way.

We did a UYE (unofficial yelp event) at Han's. Han's in Exton is my favorite lunch spot (yes, I work in the burbs), but it is always tough for me to reach out of comfort zone to order other things. This UYE was perfect for us to try different dishes all at once.

The event consisted of Han bringing out ~22 dishes out for us to taste. These are what I can remember (there might be one or two missing):

-cold marinated cucumber (really good)
-cold chicken in chilli oil (really good)
-rabbit in chilli oil
-pork belly in garlic sauce (really good)
-beef and tripe in chilli oil (really good)
-beef tendon in chilli oil
-slowly cooked pork belly with preserved vegetable (freakin awesome--was my favorite)
-dan dan noodles
-noodles in peanut sauce
-braised flounder
-pork belly in black bean sauce (really good)
-smoked duck
-sauted beef and preserved tofu
-sauted pork with peppers
-peppered steak with green peppers (really good but really hot)
-chicken with dry hot peppers (really good)
-fish and tofu in spicy soup (as the waiter serves the dish, "do NOT drink the liquid, guys!")
-chinese eggplant with sweet garlic sauce (really good)
-chinese okra (really good)
-chinese broccoli (i think that's what it was)
-sliced chinese sausage served with fresh garlic (really good)
-(and some other things I cannot remember)

We had to stop Han from bringing out more dish. As he laughs serving approx the 20th dish, he says, "someone needs to die (of eating awesome food) before leaving." It was ridiculous...and ridiculously awesome.

For those who couldn't make it out to the UYE, they do this type of tasting (menu is decided by Han) on first Monday of every month. I suggest that you call ahead when making the reservation for the first Monday event. And from the look of things, we'll be back here again for another UYE.

Also, when you do come here, don't even think about ordering general tso's chicken or sweet and sour pork. I imagine that Han will tell you (not-so-politely) to get the (insert not-so-kind-word) out of his restaurant.

Thanks yelpers who came out and utmost thanks to Han for opening this authentic szechuan place in old city.
Put on your squeaky breaks, guys. This really is a "methinks not!" but I feel like it's entirely possible to deduce my location based on my check-ins and I worry someone will hunt me down and kill me, or worse, make me recant. 

Prior to coming I gleamed from the reviews that I have to get the dan dan noodles. I'm sorry Philadelphia who told you dan dan noodles had peanuts in them? This is the second "Szechuan" restaurant where this travesty has happened to me. (also, when can we go back to spelling it like 'Sichuan'?) The first time in happened to me, the restaurant's rendition straight up had peanut butter in it. It was awful. Han Dynasty's version, admittedly, had a more subtle, one might say sophisticated, way of incorporating the peanut flavor, but for what cause?! Come on, guys, chili oil, minced pork, scallions, noodles-- that's it, okay? Let's not make a big thing and add peanuts and then all of a sudden everyone is confused and sad.

Cold cucumbers were also sweet. In the grand scheme of things, this is not a terrible liberty to take, and the resulting dish was not inedible, but I was hoping for far more than "not inedible". Regular old way will do it, thanks. You can have the non spicy version with black vinegar marinade, or you can have the spicy kind with whole chili peppers. You can be a real go out on a limb-er and make a sour and spicy kind, and I'd still be right there with you-- on occasion. I also like it when they smash the cucumber with those Chinese cleavers. I think the jaggedness retains more flavor... I could be wrong, this isn't science, and at any rate, I'm no good at science. Han Dynasty peeled and removed the seeds from their cucumbers and then sliced it about 1/4 inch in thickness. The cucumbers were thoroughly pickled at the end of the night, not into it.

Dumpling in chili oil was another absolute must according to yelp. Such a simple dish have the risk of being one-dimensional, and theirs was. Chili oil had no substance-- not spiced up with fragrant herbs or have any smokiness to it, just plainly overwhelmingly greasy. Dumplings, additionally, were overcooked, with the fragile wonton skin turning into flour-y mush sitting in oil turning into oily, flour-y mush. Filling was a mushy meat pile, didn't have any veggies or shrimp to turn it up.

For entrees we had Hot Sauce Fish (or 'water boil' if you know your Chinese), and Double Cooked... something. Fish is the only thing I would recommend, but then I'd say go to E Mei on Arch St for it. Han Dynasty's rendition is competent, but not such a standout that it merits a return visit all by its lonesome. The other entree was equally unremarkable, and I can't remember what it was.

I didn't get to order any drinks because I was not drinking at the time, but I had high hopes this would become my go to authentic Chinese/Sichuan (bite me!) & Bar place. I'm really bummed this hypothetical go-to doesn't exist yet. I just want bomb Chinese and cold, cold pints, What do I have to do?!
COVID TAKEOUT REVIEW
Businesses are definitely struggling during these times and it saddens me to write anyone a negative review. However, I ordered fried rice from this location last night and had extremely unpleasant food poisoning since. The rice tasted stale/old and definitely funny, but I ignored it and chalked it up to weird flavoring. Big mistake. When rice specifically  is kept too long, it tends to breed a specific bacteria (b cereus) resulting in very painful food poisoning. It must be very hard to keep a business going right now, but old food, ESPECIALLY rice is not acceptable. Very disappointed in last nights meal. Won't be ordering from here.
Last night I returned to Han Dynasty with a fellow fan and a newbie. We wanted to induct the new girl right, so we immediately suggested the dan dan noodles and cucumbers. Then she raised the stakes by ordering the dumplings in chili oil. Well played, rookie!

We each ordered a different entree and by the time our food arrived (pretty much all at once with entrees dropped just after the starters), we could have invited our respective men along and still had plenty to go around. I finally ordered the crispy rice with shrimp that I had long lusted over and it did not disappoint. The dish announced its presence with sizzling noises and the crunchy rice was incredible. I thought the shrimp were slightly overcooked but overall, I really enjoyed the dish. Kung pao chicken (the newb) was pretty standard although obviously far better than any take-out joint, and another chicken dish with hot peppers would have been really great if it hadn't been way too salty. 

Everyone's entitled to an off night and I've had so many great experiences at Han that I can't take away from them just for a couple missteps. Service was better than in the past, although I probably would have ordered another beer had someone stopped by after we received our food. No big, I just had more room in the tummy for some Franklin Fountain deliciousness.
I'm updating my review to just comment on how Han Dynasty has kinda gone down recently since becoming popular.

Yeah, right. I'm kidding. This place still rules and every time I eat here it is like Zeus and Loki have a crazy keg party in Valhalla and decide to open up the heavens and send peppercorns into my mouth via lightning blast express.

I'd like to take this moment to give props to the Taiwanese sausage and dry pepper style shrimp. The dry pepper shrimp has a nice, subtle sweetness to it that is unexpected at Han Dynasty.

The chicken with garlic sauce and salt&pepper shrimp are delicious dishes for your less spice-inclined companions(who you shouldn't be hanging out with anyways because they are weaklings).

Also, no review is complete without mentioning the Dan Dan noodles. I have mentioned them.
with 141 [mostly] 5-star reviews to their name, does han dynasty really need another one from me? no. but i'mma do it anyway. 

spicy cucumbers. 
when michelle C told me this was her favorite app in all of philadlephia, i knew they'd be something special, and they are. drowning in a bowl of garlic chili oil, these crunchy cukes set my mouth on fire. spice-rating 3? i don't think so! yet i keep going back for more and more and...

dan dan noodles.
heads up vegetarians: tell your server to prepare these sans meat - tho the crumbles appear to be a part of the sauce, all parts are mixed in separately, so it can be done!  again, prepare for serious mouth burn. so good it makes lo mein look like lo lame.

tofu, garlic sauce style.
ordered this on my first visit to han and enjoyed every last bite (mostly as leftovers - the portion was huge). the tofu itself was a firm, compressed style, and came served with mushrooms and bamboo shoots. tho the spice-rating was fairly low (4), it still packed a solid punch.

mapo tofu.
on my second visit, i wanted to try something new, so i ordered what seemed to be the only other option for tofu - pickled chili style. han, who was taking our table's order, told me that it was his least favorite preparation for the tofu, and recommended the mapo (hold the minced pork) after i requested a soft style soy. good call, han! tho rated a 7 on the spice scale, it didn't set my mouth aflame, tho perhaps i had just become used to it.

han.
yes, that han. the young chef's humor & personality brings the dynasty dining experience to the next level. i'm already looking forward to my third visit - to sample more delicious sichuan cuisine, while laughing my ass off at han's crazy stories.
Okay okay okay. It's finally time to lift the "Han Ban" as my friends Eric G., Dennis O., and Dan W. would half-affectionately call my distaste for their favorite restaurant on earth. 

It started by throwing Eric G. a surprise 30th birthday here (he would never suspect I would take him to the handynasty) - boy was he surprised! Food was great, so of course, a few months later when I read that Han has just come back from China and had some new dishes to try out for the infamous 12-course tasting menu, I knew I had to go. February's tasting: by the time the 8th course rolled around, I was in a spicy food coma and don't remember many details, but I can say it was DELICIOUS. We tried come back for March, but it was booked, so April 1st... we shall meet again. I can predict the future: it will be spicy. And it will be good. And Han will have some funny, drunken jokes.
Well, how can you argue with consistency.  I have consistently gone to Han Dynasty (in Royersford and Philly) and each time I go I am blown away.  This time I happen to go with my good friend 'Limey Sam' and it was to watch Han's Food Network debut.  Good friends always make the experience that much better.

Han served up a delicious grouping of courses we could all share at our round table (complete with a lazy susan to distribute the food).  The rabbit was particularly good and spicy as hell.  The tripe once again continues to surprise me.  How Han can prepare it to have the texture and taste of an al dente pasta is beyond me but somehow he does it.  Trust me, order the tripe and try something new.  You'll be pleasantly surprised how if you expand your mind to accept other peoples culture and food that you'll find new foods you enjoy and even love.

If you're not sure how to order just ask Han and he'll be more then glad to push you in the right direction.  If you feel adventurous and want to experience the full 'Han Experience' then ask Han to order for you and get ready for an full sensory experience in authentic Chinese cuisine.
Best Sichuan in Philadelphia. Better than Chung King Garden, Szechuan Tasty House, Four Rivers.

Fuqi Feipian - beef & trip appetizer. ok version although its far better than any other in Philly.

Noodle (on the house). Not sure what this is; definitely not Dan Dan noodle. Owner serve it tableside by mixing the peanut butter plus sesame oil sauce w/ noodles. Not bad.

Three pepper chicken. Chicken stir-fried w/ three different versions of peppers; quite spicy. Technique used is Bian which is basically sauteing for a longer than usually time to dry out meat more than usual but also enhance flavor. ok version. again better than others in Philly.

Lamb in dry pot. Best dish of the night. executed very nicely with right amounts of Ma (numbness) and La (spiciness). The ratio of lamb toi bamboo shoots to pepper, etc is good. This rivals Wu Liang Ye, Szechuan Gourmet in NY.

All in all, a satisfying meal. My only destination for Sichuan food in Philly.
By far, my favorite chinese food in Philly. Its an amazingly spicy szechuan orgy of food every time we sit for dinner. Han is also insanely passionate about his food and you should ALWAYS take his recommendations.  When it comes to food, the customer isn't always right. If you order something that's below his standards, he will tell you flat out, don't order it. You will be underwhelmed compaired to every other delicious morsel on the table. If his blunt demenor rubs you the wrong way, then there's always a brown nosing waitstaff at Applebees that's happy to serve you awful food with a smile.

Put yourself in his hands, you will be very happy you did.
Look at me, I'm dead serious; that's why I'm not wearing that wig. A debt of gratitude is owed to my brother Patrick for introducing my family to Han Dynasty. 

For. Real.

He works nearby Han Dynasty and I'm fairly certain that ever since his first lunch there, he's returned weekly if not more...for like a year...or some shite! He loved it, ya hear? He passed it on.

People who love Han Dynasty REALLY love Han Dyansty. They love HAn Dynasty. I love Han Dyanasty. ( I'm kind of saying this all like a droning chant, just suddenly. And then I stop.)

I can tell you that it's been the rare occasion that I've had such unapologetically hot, spicy, freaking excellent Sichuan food. It's like...a relief. I am grateful! I love hot, spicy, nerve-enlivening food. I love that Han Dynasty cares to be authentic. 

 I can choose, according to the menu, from dishes ranked 1-10 in terms of their heat. So if I order the beef and tripe in chilli oil (10), I can expect some searing, hot hot, chile heat....and really tender tripe and beef, by the way...delicious. My ears were ringing.

 It's a relief to know that when I order something HOT, it will arrive that way and I won't have to exasperatedly gripe to my dinner companions, "Uhh. This isn't even hot." I don't appreciate not being believed, ya see. I take that kinda thing personally. I know it's silly, but we're being honest with each other here.

So lemme just tell you about what other dishes I've been diggin from this fine place. Why can't all cucumbers be "Spicy Crispy Cucumber (6)?" I got no time you pickle idiots anymore.

 "Dan Dan Noodles (8)" are as straight up dope as everyone has alleged...I've ordered these every single time.  

I don't know what my favorite preparation of all was. I don't think that I can choose. I think that we've all sat and debated this question. I'll tell you one thing, I love those "Dry Pots (10)." If we're battling dry pots I'm torn between love for the dry pot fish and the dry pot lamb.  Each are served in a sizzling lil wok, mixed with black muchroom, peppers, Sichuan pepper, bamboo shoots, hot pot sauce. They're amazing. Uuuhhhh...if I had to choose one, I'd pick the dry pot fish, yeah. The texture is incredible.

Oh yeah, then there are the "Cumin Style (6)" entrees. I like the lamb here the best. It's so crusted with cumin, it's intense, fried with dry peppers and onions. It's really assertive. Love it. 

The "Double Cooked Pork Belly (4)" is a favorite too. It's so savory with those salty black beans... leeks, hot peppers, chili oil. Ah, that is a good one. It is. Yeah it really is.

I've tried the "Dry Pepper Chicken (8)," too, which I liked. Sizzly long hot peppers... I liked it with bites of that cucumber too...As I was typing, just now, I caught myself saying out loud, "Damn that's such a good place."

I'm thinking that I have to address my seemingly sudden obsession with lamb meat. Hey I know, why not say the word, "lamb," one more time? I bet that wouldn't be redundant. Look, I just have to say one more lamb thing!

I like that "Hot Sauce Lamb (7)." No, I love it. It's thinly sliced lamb, cabbage and celery glazed with a piquant Sichuan hot sauce, It is so peppery, tangy, tender and juicy. 

And then it's BYOB! That IS a reason to use an exclamation point. Great. 

I'd also like to point out that Han is cool. I appreciate the vision, and most of all the food.

I need to get over there again, and pronto. I have more dishes to try and to psychotically cross off my list. I can't wait.
When you surpass 1300+ reviews its easy to fall back on some much needed updates. While the live from Han Dynasty update was a very suitable update from back in the day, it doesn't hold up to the current standards given that it wasn't even done in the same building!

Since last review Han has gone on to move on to multiple locations including NYC, influence other restaurants like Dan Dan, put together a solid drink menu, partner up with the Electric Factory to an extent, do tasting events that featured members of the Wu-Tang Clan, and put together a not very Fight Club like cooking club that raises money for charity. But despite all those accolades and through thick and thin Han has still managed to be the down to earth, lovable, and unpredictable basketcase that he's always been, and never loses  focus of his restaurant(s). And if you're enough on the in with him, you may even be surprised with something exotic and random like a turtle when you organize a tasting among friends!

But while I've been to other Han Dynasty locations, and almost always come back to my Dan Dan Noodles and pork belly at each one, usually always this Old City location that I come back to! With its huge dining space, supersized bar space, and multiple side locations that are capable of transporting your group away from the other people dining within, its definitely the crown jewel of the all the HD locations. and with the new space, the old city location that started out as a BYOB now includes a well thought out beer menu that always manages to include a few surprises, a dapper cocktail and wine list, and even a couple of strong fishbowl sized cocktails that are fit to be shared. But as always the main even is always the super spicy, chili oil infused, ring sting inducing menu that's perfect for both meat eaters and vegetarians alike!
The first time I came here, I would've given 5 stars because everything was absolutely amazing, but I just went back and I was expecting amazingness but left feeling a bit underwhelmed.

The dry style chicken with peppers was the best dish i had last time. My mouth was numb and the burning sensation lasted throughout the entire meal, it was fantastic. This time, the burn was mild. The spicy cucumbers were yummy, I'm obsessed with them and the dan dan noodle was really good.

A solid 4 star experience. The food comes out really fast and I love the fact that it's located in the old city on a cobblestone street.
over the past couple months that i've been living in a yelp-devoid hole, i built up quite a list of places to review. and the one at the top of my list was han dynasty. i ate here a couple months ago in the dead of summer, when it was nasty humid outside and people avoided spicy foods like the bubonic plague. call me crazy, but i'll take sichuan food any day.

i've been scouring the city for a place that serves real authentic sichuan food. the kind with lots of chili oil and peppercorns, that leaves you walking away feeling like you're drooling because you can no longer feel your lips and hence don't know if saliva is dripping from your mouth or not. real sichuan food is not for those with weak stomachs, so eat at your own risk. of course, you can always ask the waiters to have the dishes made less spicy, but then you're not really eating sichuan food anymore.

my experience was mostly good. good in that this was probably the closest i've come to tasting sichuan food in the city. and all four of the dishes we had (see pictures!) were well-cooked and seasoned, and the meat was tender, so quality of food was great. however, it was bad in that they didn't serve my favorite dish (shui zhu yu- translated to water boiled fish) the way it was meant to be served. meaning in a big vat of chili oil + peppers + peppercorn. just thinking about it makes me want to hop on a plane to china right now. instead, it's served in more of a thicker broth with tofu and an assortment of peppers and garnish leaves. all i'm asking for is a liquid chili oil base with fish and soybeans. is that so hard? 

but i'm just being picky and trying to recreate one of the best dishes i've ever had. it doesn't take away from the fact that food here is still yummy and that you will leave with a tummy full of fire. han dynasty has added their own little spin to some of the dishes, and i can appreciate some culinary creativity when done right. and you may disagree with me, but in my opinion, this is the best sichuan restaurant in the city. so for that, han dynasty gets my five star approval.
Think of everything that makes every Han Dynasty kickass.

Now toss on a special late night menu, and keep the place open until 2 AM. In Old City, this is a recipe for success, especially for partygoers.

Disclaimer: Many of their dishes pack a punch, so it helps if your tongue is made of asbestos.
Han Dynasty is a pretty solid-go-to for spicy and enticing dishes.

And as long as you're open to trying something with a little spice- there are endless options for you here. 

There are a few well known dishes here and they're well known for a reason. 
Dandan noodles are the immediate first thing I even think of when Han Dynasty is mentioned. They're creamy, and spicy and savory. Just perfect in every way. The noodles also should be given some recognition- they're magnificent. I've had a few other things too and all of them were really delicious. This isn't your average boring take out.

I also believe the dumplings in chili oil and the Twice cooked fish are must-haves when eating here. 

Every location I've been to (Old City and University City) has been busy. But that's not a bad thing. 

This is a fun date place, and good for large groups since everything is served family style.
As a disclaimer, this review has nothing to do with the quality of the food.

On a whim we decided to try to get into the Old City location (we live in Old City) last night (Saturday). We showed up early at about 5:50 PM, since we had our 5-month old with us. The place was EMPTY - as in a couple bar tables taken and maybe one in the dining room. When we said we didn't have a reservation the male host was incredibly rude, and said he had nothing. We said ok and turned to head out and with attitude the host said "this is OLD CITY on a SATURDAY night."

I understand having no space but you don't have to be rude about it - I know it's Saturday night, we just figured we would try. The attitude alone made us not want to go back, no matter how good the food reviews are.
I haven't reviewed you yet? Or maybe I reviewed your other siblings in Mannyunk or Cherry Hill... 

You're fantastic, and deserve the 5 stars because you make the style of chinese food that I LOVE yet it is so hard to find. It is also of a higher quality than I've found elsewhere.

I will tell you though, you are slipping a little bit. The past couple times (once in Mannyunk and once in Ye Olde City) that I have ordered the twice cooked fish, the fish came out a little bit soggy. Previously it was not soggy, but also not quite crispy. I know I'm stumbling for words when I tell you this. I'm sorry. It's because I like you, and that happens when you like someone sometimes.
My visit to this restaurant was probably the worst experience I've ever had in a restaurant. The food was okay, although not as wonderful as all the raves have led me to believe. The reason our dinner at Han Dynasty was so awful was that we were treated like prison inmates. I don't know why we were even given menus, since the owner insisted on commenting on and correcting everything we said we wanted. 

According to the owner, he knows best, and if a diner doesn't agree with his ideas, the diner does not deserve to eat in his restaurant. No, he's right, we DIDN'T deserve to be treated like members of a concentration camp. The food was just okay, and I will never darken his door again. The whole experience cost me $100 for three people, including tip. And he is very hard on his servers. Altogether, an awful place for dinner. We were so tense when we left that we had to take a walk to relax.
You've done it, Han. Having been in a 2 year relationship despite the ups and downs, we've always worked it out... but this time, a broken hearted soul walks out carrying painful memories. 

My usual dishes I ordered for take-out tasted nothing like the experiences I enjoyed in the past. Mistakes have been made in the past I forgave but this is noteworthy of sharing: 

- Dry Pepper Tofu: Overcooked and fried to the point it became dried crunch balls. No tofu to be found. Who knew it was possible to fry food until all moisture content was lost? Noted. 

- Dry Pepper Style Chicken: first time I could not tell what meat I ordered. It was dry and harsh to chew, not to mention swallow. The entire dish was loaded with peppers that my friends could only pick out ten pieces of meat. 

- Dry Pot Rabbit: first time ever trying this, a friend felt daring. Wouldn't recommend because all we remembered were bones with little meat for a $20+ dish. 

- Green Beans: To complete the meal, I believe greens are needed but not wrinkly overcooked ones. Sigh. 

- Dan dan noodles: only acceptable part.

Overall: Everything was overcooked and dry. Granted it was a Sunday night, Han, I have faith you can love on us loyal customers better than this. Please and thank you. We sincerely want to support you.
Yours truly.
I went to Han Dynasty for a birthday party with about 20 guests.  We were set up at a long table in the basement, Mad Hatter style.  It seemed sort of weird until everyone showed up and the space became full.  At that point, the low ceilings and dim lighting made our group of 20 feel like an intimate gathering.  We opted for Han's family style tasting menu: medium heat, not too exotic, enough vegetarian options for 5 people.  We popped open a few of our BYO bottles, and  within 15 minutes, dishes started filling the table.

My friend guinea-pigged the spice level for me, and I tried anything she promised would not burn my face off.  Some of the items still ended up being a little too spicy for my comfort level, but everything was delicious.  Even if something was a little hot, the flavors still managed to pop through and I wasn't ever left wishing I hadn't tried it.  

I would love to highlight my favorites, but when I check back on the actual menu, everything is listed by cooking style, and I'm just not sure what I ate.  There was some amazing shrimp that was passed around, as well as a great beef dish and a plate of string beans that ruined me for every other string bean I ever eat from this point forward.  But that doesn't really help you choose for future orders, does it?

At the end of the night, when the check arrived, I crossed my fingers that I took out enough cash and that I wouldn't be that annoying person who only has unbroken 20's.  I was in luck!  Amazingly, each of us only had to put in $19 for plate after plate of yummy, spicy Chinese gut-fillers, and that INCLUDED tip!  I passed one of my 20s down the table and vowed to come back to Han Dynasty ASAP.
Han Dynasty s newest restaurant in old city is a winning combination : delicious cuisine, friendly service, and a gorgeous venue in a great location. We sat at the bar, as we didn't have a reservation and this spot has already become fashionably popular (there was a 45 minute wait for dinner for 2). Happy hr yuengling for $3 . Double cooked fish in Ginger and scallion with just the right amount of spiciness. We enjoyed everything tremendously , and we'll be back.
I have never been treated with such pretension and condescension in any restaurant experience. I had heard wonderful things about the food at Han Dynasty and was curious to try it. From the moment that the owner began taking our order, things went down hill. He proceeded to criticize our selections and tell us "You can get fried dumplings any place, people don't come here for fried dumpling." Then why are they on your menu? He answered the phone when one of us was mid-sentence with our order. It was unbelievably rude. After that, I thought, the food here must be amazing because no one would put up with this attitude for mediocre cuisine. But you know what? It wasn't amazing, it was just ok. I would never put myself through this experience ever again.

Don't bother with this restaurant unless you want average Chinese food served up with its insanely arrogant owner.
The original Han... where it all began.  Ok, maybe not since it moved across the street.  Still it is much easier to find now.

This location has a liquor license and some great drinks.  It also happens to be a bit fancier than the other locations (in my opinion).  However, don't worry, the menu is the same.  I will say the spice level here seemed hotter... 

Spicy Cucumbers rock.  Dan Dan noodles are a must as well.  The tea smoked duck is a lot of work to eat (bone in), but bring a lot of flavor.  Hell, I even enjoyed the eggplant we got.
Quick update to previous review: Han Dynasty-Olde City is still Han Dynasty (hot, noisy, and good), even with Han-dy Nasty himself in China (according to Twitter hopefully bringing back some great new recipes--Stinky tofu???  Maybe a food truck???).

Just an FYI on their BYOB policy, now that they have a liquor license:

BYOB for $10/bottle of wine ($1/bottle of beer) corkage every day, except Tuesday which is free.  However, the Tuesday freebie will be going away at some point when they upgrade the basement to have draft and cocktails.  Also, half off on the corkage for groups of 8 doing a tasting menu.

We had the usual Sichuan classics:

Dandan noodles (see exciting photo) -- 8/10 on the hotness scale

Beef and tripe in chili oil (fuqui feipian) -- 10/10 on the hotness scale

Dry pepper-style chicken, triple flash-fried with long hot and dry chili peppers -- 8/10 on the hotness scale

Pea shoots and garlic

BYOBed: 2008 Domaine Barmes-Buecher Gewurztraminer Rosenberg de Wettolsheim

BTW, the short wine and beer list is improved and some decent selections on it.  Alagash White is a good beer for Sichuan.

Slainte!
I went to this Han Dynasty with a big group for lunch this Saturday. When we got there around 12pm, the place was empty. So we got good seating. And that's probably the only good service we got during our whole time there. 

Several things that threw me off:
1. I cannot do spicy food and I was glad that they noted on the menu they could alter the spicy level for each dish. But when I asked whether they can make it non-spicy, the waiter gave me a very scary look and told me that they cannot do it. 
2. One person in my group ordered fried rice. Later on, the waiter came out and told her that they don't have enough rice so she had to order something else... my question is: what kind of Chinese restaurant can actually run out of rice???
3. Another person in my group has very bad allergic reaction to MSG and asked whether they put it in their dishes. The waiter told us Chinese people has been putting MSG in their dishes for years and just kept going on and on. As someone who was born in china and had lived there for many years, I can tell you that's not true at all. 

After going through this kind of arrogant service, I probably won't go back there again...
Captain's log, star date 09.13.13.  While investigating a strange anomaly in the Degaba sector, we chanced upon a class M planet.  Scans revealed several life forms, and an away team was hastily assembled, manned by me, our first officer, our chief engineer, the ship's doctor, and really everyone of key importance on a starship.  Should we run into trouble, its quite possible that all the senior officers of the ship would at once be wiped out, leaving the 70 gazillion dollar vessel to be manned entirely by newbs.  But, such is Star Fleet protocol.

While on the surface, we encountered a strange being who spoke almost entirely in metaphor and parable, and juxtaposed his verbs and nouns.  We were able to ascertain that his name was "Yoda", and he invited the away team to a meal made by his latest pupil, Han.  

Han is a devotee of some mythical "force," and believed the best was to achieve balance in same way to have major imbalance in the amount of chili oil that his dishes contain.  The away team first enjoyed his spicy cucumber, which we found delicious but somewhat of a paradox...the refreshing  nature of the cucumber was offset by the spiciness of the chilis.  We then sampled the Dan Dan noodles...while the senior officers were just barely able to contain their exuberance, a couple nondescript red shirt-sporting away team members perished by the overindulgence of same.  We've noticed that despite numerous missions, its always the nondescript red shirt away team members who die.  It could be the shirts.

We completed our survey with a special dish, the soft shelled crab, which was a thing of intergalactic splendor.  If you are in this quadrant around this star date, it would behoove you to stop by and order this.  One of the very best interpretations of this rare seasonal treat.

At the end of the meal, our hearts a glow and our mouths a fire, and having drank gallons of water in the fruitless attempt to quench same, we bid master Yoda and his devoted pupil Han goodbye.  Yoda said something like, "revisit you, the chili oil will" but we were unsure what this meant.  Captain out.
Reporting live from Han Dynasty on a pretty kick ass computer that sits bar side. I didn't originally intend to be here, or even really write a review update tonight. But when you run into Han randomly on the corner and he's incredible enough to remember you and invite you down for a beer its kind of how things set in motion!

Besides I did need to revisit and do a recap of the epic ARSE 2 event that I hosted here a few weeks back. From the get go of setting things up with Han it looked like it was destined to be a tasting event of epic proportions, and it showed how much he and his crew really work with a group to meet your expectations. As for the food if your looking for fried dumplings and General Tso's hogwash, this isn't the restaurant for you. But if you're looking for a unique and spicy kick in your cuisine then get ready to climb down the rabbit hole! Also don't come if you're expecting a normal humbug restaraunteur.  Han is a crazy in the good way kind of guy who has fun with his patrons, and saves the seriousness for the spice of the epic dishes.

For our tasting we were treated omakase style to somewhere around 23 dishes (mental note get the entree list from Sam's Facebook and add it!). Among them we were wowed by dan dan noodles, green bean noodles, spicy cucumbers, amazing sausages, spicy rabbit, strange taste chicken, pork belly, pork tenderloin, soft shell crabs, and then some! hungry already? the taste of spicy peppers and chili oil made the fabled and legendary name of full name of our tasting event really realistic the next day. But such is the thing to expect when you really step it up to try some real cultural cuisine of greatness. And for that Han Dynasty always manages to be a spicy and entertaining good time!
I was with a group at Han Dynasty where we did a vegetarian tasting menu.  While there was an extended wait for the food to arrive, it didn't disappoint.  One of the opening courses was the Dan Dan Noodle.  It was by far the best dish of the night and is the reason I will return to Han Dynasty.  There were other dishes that outstood out:  Hot Sauce Style Tofu was month numbing in a good way,  Bok Choy with Black Mushrooms was playfully delicious, and the Spicy Crispy Cucumbers were an interesting appetizer.

Other Positives:
- They have LevelUp
- JUST added Delivery (but there's a $20 minimum and a $6 fee)
- Group sitting in the basement

Corkage Fee - They have a high corkage fee.  But it's the same charge regardless of the size of the wine bottle. This explained why a few of the tables brought box or jug wine.  Instead of paying a fee on inferior box/jug wine, I'd suggest going with a double magnum to get your money's worth and quality wine.

Han Dynasty has the best Chinese food I've had in Philadelphia. And using LevelUp helps bring down the price.
Han is awesome, make friends with him and he will treat you right. It seemed kinda strange to eat Szechuan food in a legit restaurant with a color scheme rather than a dingy hole- but this is still the real deal. 
Their dan dan noodles impressed me the most; easily the best I've had.  I also loved the pickled carrots and pork belly apps and they make some kick ass green beans. If you call ahead, they can make you a frog in dry pot dish to shock your friends.
So, I found out about this place on YouTube when Munchies featured Han, the owner of Han Dynasty and saw how amazing his food looked like. I decided to check this place out on Yelp and when I arrived in Philly, this place was on the top of my to-go list that day. Everybody has already described the ambiance of this place so no need to repeat it. The service was pretty good considering it wasn't busy there (came on a Saturday around noon). The food came out rather fast but definitely made fresh. The Dan Dan Noodles, Beef Tendon in Chili Oil and Szechuan Fries were my favorite dishes there.

Beef Tendon in Chili Oil: Uhmm... This is pretty much beef tendons in homemade chili oil. The texture of the tendons may not be for everybody, but if you're adventurous and would pretty much eat anything, then try this dish out. It's cold, but flavorful.

Wontons in Chili Oil: It comes out piping hot. It's spicy, tasty and slightly sweet.

Dan Dan Noodle: My favorite dish. Perfectly cooked noodles (slightly al dente) with a slightly sweet pork and spicy sauce combination that mixes well into the noodles. The noodles seem to be made from scratch due to its texture.

Spicy Mung Bean Noodle in Black Bean Sauce: This was a surprise. I wasn't expecting the mung bean noodle to be like the way it did; flavorless jello in black bean sauce. It tasted great and I personally enjoyed the texture as well. Though, I'm certain there are others out there who do not like the texture of the mung bean noodle. It has a very spicy and can be slightly salty depending on how well or unwell you mix the dish.

Szechuan Fries: Surprisingly very tasty and spicy. The fries were cooked perfectly; hot, fresh, crispy edges and soft inside then mixed with chili oil and a bunch of tiny pieces of hot peppers.

Steamed Dumplings: The worst dish there. It tasted like steamed dumplings with filling that didn't taste like much. However, I did enjoy sopping up the Black Bean Sauce (from the mung bean dish) and destroying every piece of this mediocre dish.
If you want to experience Thanksgiving on steroids, substituting authentic Sichuan specialties for Grandma's turkey and stuffing, show up at Han Dynasty at 7 pm on the first Monday of every month for a $25 communal feast to be remembered, and bring your own booze.  

Don't eat lunch, and don't make any plans for the rest of the night.  

This culinary marathon spanned a solid three hours, during which we were treated to twenty courses.  20.  Not a typo.  I end this short review simply with a list of the dishes (*I have posted photos of all of them*):

Quick Stir Fried Cucumber
Tripe in Chili Oil
Pork Belly with Fresh Garlic Sauce
Green Bean Noodle in Chili Oil (Wide)
Green Bean Noodle in Chili Oil (Narrow)
Taiwanese Sausage
Wonton in Chili Oil
Wonton in Chili Oil (flatter in shape with less filing, sweeter and with sesame seeds)
Sesame Cold Noodles
Cold Noodles in Chili Oil
Red Braised Pork Belly (Hong Shao Rou)
Double Cooked Pork with Wood Ear Mushroom
Lamb in Cumin
Honey Walnut Shrimp
Boiled Fish in Hot Sauce
Diced Chicken with Pickled Chili 
Twice Cooked Chicken
Stir Fried String Beans with Minced Pork
Boiled Beef in Hot Sauce
Bok Choy with Black Mushrooms
The single most over rated restaurant in the city. I like the hot pepper chicken. That's it. I keep trying and I keep being disappointed . All hype no substance. He shouldn't believe his own press. Sad Dan Dan Noodles. Seriously , six times and always crushed by inconsistent Food.
I used to frequent Han Dynasty. I would bring friends and family from out-of-town, local co-workers, and almost anyone who is fond of the Sichuan spice. But since its move across the street into a space that was formerly a steakhouse, the restaurant has become much less intimate. On the surface, the grandiose atmosphere clashes with the menu, which is mainly comprised of intensely spicy, tongue-numbing, and sweat-inducing dishes one would find in the bustling cities of Sichuan. But the core of the problem is how this new space affects the service. On each visit to this "new" restaurant, I found the service noticeably slower and, frankly, inattentive. My last visit was especially frustrating:

- We ordered two appetizers and one entrée. Our first appetizer came out promptly, but we never got the second one. After seeing tables next to us (who ordered much later than us) get their appetizers, we finally flagged down a server (since no one came around to check on us). The server said that our appetizer was on its way (which turned out to be a lie). Twenty minutes later, still nothing. We asked again, and the server said the kitchen lost our order slip, but the appetizer should be out any minute. He cleared our table but left us without utensils. Ten minutes later, we got our appetizer, but then we had to flag down another server for chopsticks. 

- One of the servers knew the customers sitting next to us. That's fine, I love seeing a reunion too, but the server decided that he wants to sit next to the customer, except there's hardly any space between the customer and me. So he squeezes into this small space, prompting me to shift my seat down. I might even be okay with that, but then he starts chatting loudly, completely oblivious to the fact that he is now only inches away from me and has forced me to eat from the corner of the table. Alas, this was as intimate as the service got that day.

- The constant waiting was absurd. We waited a long time to place our order, to get our second appetizer and the entrée, and to get the check.

- Lastly, and this is the kicker, when we finally got the check, we were double-charged for the second appetizer that took forever to arrive! We brought this, along with the other issues, to the attention of the restaurant manager, who didn't even comp the $6 dish. Instead, he offered us a 10% discount...on a $30 bill. How generous.

Han Chiang, I know you've been busy building your empire (the one in NYC opened not too long ago, and I think I read somewhere that there are plans to expand to the west coast too), but please don't neglect the location that put you on the map in the first place. Keep cooking the deliciously spicy food, bring back the diligent service, and your regulars will support you along the way.
I've always had trouble trying to write a review for Han Dynasty. I'm always there in great company and not paying attention to the little details. 

When dining with great company tonight, and not paying attention per usual, it hit me. Han Dynasty is the place to go to kick back and enjoy yourself, all while not having the smallest shadow of a doubt that you will get top notch food, service and experience.

In most of my visits, I've ended up with a tasting menu. That's the way to go. It's a smorgasbord of Chinese delights from the first energetic bite of Dan Dan noodles to the last sluggish bite of sauce soaked rice that you try to finish because it's too good to leave. They will accommodate all spectrums of spice ranges from 0-10. As your token spice lover, I really appreciated the mix. It's literally too hot to handle otherwise.

The high ceiling and classic architecture truly gives a fine dining ambiance without being the least bit stuffy. 

Trust in Han and you won't be disappointed.
One of my favorite spots to eat in Philly! Rested right in the hub of Old City, you walk in and the ceilings are high the place is huge and the interior is phenomenal. A fantastic mix of modern classic, and Asian traditional. 

Here's a couple musts:

- THE DAN DAN NOODLES (OMG)
- Dumplings in Chile Oil
- Double Cooked ANYTHING

Super awesome service and super friendly. The food comes out rather quickly despite their busy hours from what I've experienced. Some of their dishes are rather a little too much on the salty side AND they specialize in spicy so have your waters ready. Very decent prices for high quality food, and I thoroughly enjoyed my visit. They primarily enforce sharing cause the dishes come out family style so come hungry, and come with friends :)
In Philadelphia for a conference and walked around the neighborhood where I'm staying for lunch. This place sounded good. I would recommend they have a steady hostess because I was confused as to what was going on. I just picked a seat, then someone came up and asked if I needed a menu. They had a great lunch special and I had the double cooked fish which was delicious. He recommended it. Very spicy for me but really good flavors. The service was meh but the food was good.
We've had three experiences with this place this year, and two of the three were perfect. 

All were takeout. And the one that wasn't perfect...well, keep reading. 

So the first and third time were great. We usually order the same stuff - cumin lamb, Chinese cabbage, scallion pancakes, spicy wontons, chicken with garlic sauce. And it's always tasty. Oily. Consistent. High quality. Delicious. No exceptions - I love how Han Dynasty is consistent. It's of course unhealthy, but you should know what you're signing up for when you order from here. 

So the second time, we ordered about $150 of food (Uber eats) and received about $250 of food, which included 4 or so dishes we didn't order. And of course, challenge accepted, we finished all of the food. $250 of Han Dynasty for two people is an inappropriate amount of food. But what should I do...take a star off for them getting the order wrong and giving us too much food?

Cannot wait to get more food here. It's our go-to spot in Philadelphia. 

Thank you Han Dynasty (which if you look them up online is handynasty.net, get it, handy nasty? LOL)
Just finished having dinner here with a friend and while Han is still a favorite of mine a few details tonight had me deducting some points. 

While I waited at the bar for my friend I could clearly see  the drink rings from many, many, many previous patrons. There was only one guy actually drinking at the bar and neither of the two bartenders made any attempt to actually wipe the countertop down. Wound up sitting at a high top across from the bar, floor was sticky. Was given menus that again didn't appear to have been wiped down recently. Someone's dropping the cleaning ball. Hopefully the kitchen is in better shape.

Ordered a Cosmo because none of their signature cocktails appealed to me. Came in the smallest glass ever but it was tasty. Tried the Dry Pot Beef for the first time and substituted green onions for the celery. That was very nice of them to allow that and i really liked this dish. Would definitely get that again. Also had the Springs rolls and these were good as well however my friend ordered the same and they gave them to us on one plate with one dipping sauce. I would have preferred my own so I could actually dip instead of having to pour it because we were sharing.
Ever since the time of the fabled ARSE: Annual Ring Sting Event way out in Royersford that I missed out on, I knew I was destined to try Han's cooking so I could sample some REAL spiciness. And fortunately good things do come to those who wait, because now that the location in Old City has been doing so well, I don't have to worry about making such a tiresome and epic journey to get there!

So far I've only managed to get down to Han Dynasty for the epic Omakase tasting event every 1st Monday (and you might thank me for reminding you). But with the impressive dishes it has hooked up like rabbit, dan dan noodles, frog legs, beef & tripe in chili oil, shrimp w/ walnuts, and oh so damn much more, it has been worth every moment! whether its for the tasting, or for a regular service, Han and his super attentive staff go all out. And Han still manages to be the same wise cracking master chef that everyone knows and loves. 

The only forewarning I can give is that if your not a fan of spicy foods then you want to be extra attentive in what you order. Because you haven't sampled real spice until you sampled their traditional Sichuan cuisine. And you might just find out why the Ring Sting portion of the previously mentioned event lived up to the title. But they do have plenty of dishes that are suitable for the more timid of palates
My favorite lunch place came into my neighborhood! Awesome. The quality and flavor is just as awesome as their other locations. Their food is flavorful and very spicy--just the way I like them. One caveat, the price is slightly higher here than their suburban locations (about a dollar more expensive per dish) and other Chinese venues that are available in Chinatown (thought they may not be szechuan/sichuan).

Some of my friends think that it is too salty; but I think it's perfect.

my go-to dishes:
-twice-cooked pork (belly)
-wonton in chilly oil
-chicken with dry hot pepper (kinda like spicy salt-baked chicken)

their dry pot dishes were a bit *too* spicy for me. if you are a fan of spicy food, you'll like the dry pot dishes.

One caveat:
Their noodle soup dishes have good flavors but really terrible noodles (in terms of texture), especially compared to the awesome hand-drawn noodles at NanZhou. If only they would make their own hand-drawn noodles...that'd be heaven.
Word on the street this is a good place to eat...I'm working on my poetry.
The look of this place is awesome. It seems to be some sort of old opera that was converted into a hip, Szechuan style Chinese restaurant, with high painted theatre ceilings and curtains. It looks kind of like a PF Chang's, except it's an authentic building as opposed to stock, chain decor.

Han Dynasty prides itself on the heat level of the food, as what is known with Szechuan style; 1 being mildly hot, and 10 being "Oh my god why is the earth on fire?" 

We started with the Dan Dan noodles, scaled down to a 3. And even then, copious amounts of water were consumed to try and soothe the heat level. However, they were delicious. 
For my main course, I ordered lo mein, as I usually do, which aren't served with any spice. And these noodles were on point. Probably the best lo mein I've ever eaten. My sister picked up the pepper chicken, which was pretty good as well, but I have a noodle bias. 
Dinner courses are served family style, meaning you get a TON of food. I ate quite a bit, and it seemed like I barely made a dent in my platter. Needless to say, a bunch of leftovers were taken home!

All in all, I'll give this place a high 4. There does seem to be a bit of a limited menu, and most of the dishes are served very spicy, which is a novelty I'm not big into. But it's by no means a bad place to eat.
A fried from my husband's work recommended this place, and we've been here several time in the past three months.  Such a great find, if you're looking for Szechuan food.  

First off, Szechuan is supposed to be spicy - like everywhere else, Chinese food varies, depending on what part of the country you're in. Many people don't like spicy, so just a warning.

Our favorite here are the dry pepper chicken, which actually isn't too hot, the eggplant with garlic sauce, the three cup chicken, the dan dan noodle, and the vegetable fried rice.  The Eggplant isn't spicy, which is a nice contrast dish when ordering the spicy ones.  The vegetable fried rice has a lot more flavor to it than when you order the ones with the meat in it for some reason, plus the vegetable one is awesome, anyway.

Things we ordered that we were not a fan of were the dumplings in chili oil appetizer - it's just too much of the concentrated oil flavor.  Not a fan.  Also wasn't a fan of the braised duck in beer sauce.  Kind of bland, and not crispy, overall, disappointing.  I'll leave the duck to places in Chinatown.

Overall, a little pricey, but great Szechuan place, and we'll definitely be back for more of the dry pepper chicken soon!
Fantastic as always. This is one of the few restaurants that prove itself over and over again on return visits. Of course, my order has so far been very standard for every single visit (dan dan noodles all day, every day) but I decided to branch out and try the 3 Cup Chicken this visit.

It was a great decision. The chicken was incredibly tender but in a way that avoided all comparison to cartilage or rubber. It was mixed with entire cloves of garlic and was delicious over white rice. There was more than enough for me to eat my fill and take home a bit for leftovers.

As good as the food (always) is, we did experience some service issues this visit which I think were almost unavoidable considering two factors: 1) a large group and 2) a time sensitive work lunch. In an ideal situation, these factors wouldn't have caused such an issue but I still can't fault them entirely.

I called ahead to make a reservation for 12:30pm in the middle of the week and was clear that we would only need a large table off to the bar but that the actual numbers would fluctuate between 10 - 12 (the unfortunate reality of large work lunches).

We arrived and I confirmed my reservation and they asked us if we had all 12 and I told them we ended up with 10 instead. Then they made us stand around for 10 minutes to "fix the place settings" which were haphazardly tossed on the table when we were finally allowed to be seated.

Go with a group of 5 or less and don't hesitate to proactively hail down waiters for service.
Very loud and food made me horribly (and quickly!) sick with the runs.  I will never return.
Finally, a 5 star review.

This goes on my list of top 10 meals that I've had the pleasure to enjoy.  My wife and I drove up from Baltimore, Maryland for our anniversary to eat here because the reviews were so outstanding. We had our meal in Han Dynasty - Old City.  All the reviews start with praise for the Dan Dan noodles, they're right. Having had Dan Dan noodles that were just okay in the past I didn't expect perfection, but there it was, perfection that punished me for underestimating it. It left me weak with delight. I attacked that dish with animalistic hedonism. The flavor was full bodied and so exciting I really couldn't get over it. 

Then our other appetizers came out, spring rolls and pan fried dumplings. The spring rolls were fresh and delicious, but rather ordinary. The dumplings, too, were rather ordinary, and lacked the savoriness that one has come to expect from pan fried dumplings. Because of the rather plain, gentle flavor of the meat, the exceeding thickness of the dough made them less enjoyable as there was very little to really savor.  All and all we felt we should have gone with the recommended appetizers, the spicy cucumber, for instance. We will definitely try that the next trip.

Our entrees were all 5 star entrees. My wife had the Garlic  Sauce Style Shrimp and I had the Dry Fried Pork - my wife doesn't enjoy food as hot as I do so i wanted to get something she could enjoy and it was a perfect fit for her. It was  nothing short of astonishing! The use of the sichuan peppercorn (prickly ash seeds) is to perfection (as it was in the dan dan noodles PERFECT!). The bold shrimp broth that permeated the sauce was also a HUGE winner. Their technique is magnificent. My pork was also perfect, though I've had a variation of that dish before, this is the VERY BEST iteration of this dish I have ever had the pleasure to enjoy. 

If you leave Han Dynasty unimpressed it's quite possible that you are insane. 

I wanted to give them 4 stars because our appetizers were not up to the level of the entrees or the noodles, but in reality, the place deserves more than 5 stars and I graded on a curve. If I could have given more than 5 stars I would.  We will definitely make the trek back to Philadelphia next month for the pleasure of trying new treats on the menu.

The waitstaff, by the way, is exceedingly pleasant. The recommendations were open enough that we might choose according to our taste, but everything the waiter recommended was top notch. This is one place that deserves it's Yelp Reputation.  Okay, i should stop. Well done!

The food
Fantastic Szechwan meal--tasty and spicy, just the way I like it! Everything we tried was just delicious--Dan Dan noodles, crispy cucumbers, eggplant in garlic sauce, dry hot pot tofu, ginger duck, and a few other dishes that escape me in my current food-induced coma. Ditto for the homemade ginger drink...yum!

Service was attentive and quick. Our waiter asked us about any dietary restrictions, then was very knowledgeable and helpful as we made our selections.  The new location is spacious and beautiful, with high ceilings. Since they now have a liquor license, grab drinks at happy hour prices if you come for dinner before 7 pm.
Most people come here for the dan dan noodles and the dumpings in chili oil, but let me tell you there are some other equally, if not even more spectacular dishes here you must try.

The dry fry beef, the double cooked pork belly, the crispy cucumbers and the pork belly with sweet chili oil -- so incredibly delicious, and they all bring such a diversity of flavor. This is by far one of the best Chinese restaurants in the city.

Tip -- this place is also a great pick if you're with a group of friends and are looking for an open reservation to a great place in the city. This space is huge, and I can almost always rely on Han Dynasty showing availability on Yelp reservations.
My absolute FAVORITE spot for work lunch, a contender for favorite happy hour in Old City, and an old standby for dinner - to celebrate or just have a good meal any night of the week!

Han Dynasty is consistent - in their service, food quality and ambiance.

I always know I can get something delicious - like dan dan noodles, spicy crispy cucumbers, dry fry beef, dry pepper chicken, double cooked fish, dry pot tofu, dumplings in chili oil - the list goes on and on. 

Love the tea. Always a full water glass. Happy hour wine and beer specials.

What's not to LOVE!?!
We have been here once to dine and I would give that four stars, however Han Dynasty crushes when it comes to delivery and take out. Everything is cooked to perfection and still hot and fresh upon arrival. I love the stir fry and the veggie lo mein dishes. You can't go wrong with Han for takeout or delivery!
First things first, Han Dynasty is in a very fun area. There is a lot to do and a lot of bars to check out. My group and I came here on a Saturday night for dinner after a day out in Old City. The 8 of us walked in and the host was very nice and accommodating, able to seat us without a reservation. The menu has great options, is fairly priced, and there is an extensive bar list as well with beer, wine, and cocktails.

I ordered their gin drink called The Gem and the rest of the table got a bottle of white wine. The Gem was delicious if you like gin, citrusy and strong without being overwhelming. It lasted the whole meal and I was pleased. Service was great - our waiter was attentive without being at the table too often.

In terms of food, it's important to note it is family style. We ordered the spicy cucumber, the three cup chicken, and pork lo mein. The rest of the table got their own items, but my boyfriend and I were able to finish the three things we ordered on our own. Everything came out hot and fresh. We were very happy with the quality of food, the portion size, and the price point. The cucumber had such a unique flavor, I wish I lived closer to get it more often! 

I really enjoyed my experience here and will definitely return.
Yowza. This place is good.

This was actually my third attempt at going to Han Dynasty, as the first two attempts to get seated were complete busts without reservations. Tonight, with a reservation, we tried again. So glad we did. When we arrived at 7pm it they first went to seat us at a two top quite close to another table and then offered to seat us at a different two top that was next to an empty table. This was much appreciated.

They start you off with the customary pot of tea. Our server was a genuinely nice guy who just came off as really laid back. He didn't give us crap for declining to order drinks. We got the dumplings in chili oil, eggplant with garlic sauce, and three cup chicken. This was a perfect amount for two--two "small plates" and one entree. 

Dumplings in chili oil--delicious and spicy at only a 4 spice rating, which makes me nervous about the 10. I'm talking feel it in my nose spicy. Reallllly tasty though, and it comes with 8 nicely sized dumplings. 

Eggplant with garlic sauce--sinful that eggplant could be this good. Delicious sauce I couldn't put my finger on. And large pieces meant it was easy to eat with chop sticks!

Three cup chicken--as good as the reviews say. I was worried this would be the wimpy American entree, but it really was delicious with small chunks of quality chicken, tiny potatoes and flavorful greens that I think were spinach. Hands down the best Chinese dish I've ever had.

Thanks, Han Dynasty, for a great meal. I can't wait to go back, as I think this is the kind of place you can order anything and it'll be delicious.
Got called out today for the fact that my Handy Nasty review is wildly outdated. This cannot stand so here is your update:

Our beloved basement, BYOB, slightly hole in the wall teenage Handy Nasty has blossomed into a totally above ground, (and even several levels) full bar, place-you-can-officially-bring-your-boss/parents/date even if they're not "adventurous" or "foodies" who would not judge a restaurant by the cracks in its walls. This place is nice. They have private rooms. They have giant tables that will make you feel like you are holding a board meeting. The giant tables will make you feel like you BELONG at said board meeting, and could even sit at the head of such a table.

I was here a few months ago with a large group and we ordered a large amount of food, left with large bellies, and a large amount of leftovers, and the price was, totally reasonable.

Definitely recommend doing the tasting menu if you are more than 8 people, and recommend, finding/making 7 friends (or bribing 7 strangers) if you are not more than 8 people so you can do this. $25, $30 or $35 depending on adventurousness/meat levels.

Things I (still) love: Dan Dan Noodles, Sesame Noodles, Spicy Crispy Cucumbers, Eggplant, 3 cup chicken, Dry pepper anything.

Warning: If you've been to the suburb locations, the spice is apparently not the same, don't go ordering what you get in Exton and think is a 6, cus in the city your 6 will be a 10, but in the city that's just a 6 and the 10 is insane.

It's nice to see Handy Nasty all grown up, maybe I should start calling it HAHN DyNASTY (with a British accent).
when did "tastes like burning" become a sensation that i adore?  

but it's not just about mouth tingling, sweaty forehead spice.  it's a blend of tastiness that cannot be explained.

but fear not, spice-avoiders.  there are many a dish on the menu to soothe your palates as well.

hurry.  and then hurry back.  you may need a bathroom break after.
So I went out with a bunch of Yelpers to check out this Han Dynasty jawn. We are a group of 16 and we were seated in the center of the dining room very comfortably. What we got were like a 15 course tasting menu, if not more, and everything was definitely on par. 

There are a couple memorable ones that are worth recommending.

- Beef & Tripe in Chili Oil
- Beef Tendons in Chili Oil 
- Pork Belly in Garlic Sauce
- Spicy Green Bean Noodle
- Pea Leaves w/ Garlic
- Hot Sauce Style - Fish
- Chinese Okra in clear sauce
- Slow cooked Pork Belly with pickled vegetable

Notice half of the recommendations are appetizers and they are awesome. They are spicy and tongue numbing. It is the first time I had a green bean noodle dish and it is very different and tasty. It has a unique texture and very refreshing. Chinese Okras are not something that you can always get in a chinese restaurant and they prepared it very well. It has a soft texture and very flavorful. The slow cooked pork belly is very traditional to my family and I know they did it good. I am a big garlic fan and the pea leaves and fish in hot chili sauce just goes very well with it. 

There are a couple memorable ones that are worth not recommending.

- Cold Sesame Noodle
- Dan Dan Noodle
- Dry Fried Style - Beef
- Smoked Duck
- Shredded beef with hot pepper

Smoked duck dish was dry and could have use more smoky flavor. Cold sesame noodle and dan dan noodle was nothing special compare to other places. Same goes to dry fried beef and shredded beef with hot pepper.

Over all Han Dynasty is a very good place to grab a good night of spicy food. The dining room is not big at all so plan on getting there early for seats. I would go back.

The End.
Went to Han Dynasty my visit to Philly back in August. I wasn't sure about Philly's Asian cuisine being that I had never had it there before but they did not disappoint at all. Had the cumin style chicken and rice and it was very good. A bit more spicy than I thought it would be but still fairly very good. 

Good outdoor dining area away from direct sunlight in a subtle but mildly busy restaurant area. Very good service and affordable. I recommend it for anyone visiting in that location or live in the area.
This is everything you'd hope it'd be from the reviews.  Awesome Chinese food.  Do they need another good review?  Probably not, but I just have to throw out some of my favorites.  Loved the dan dan noodles (still spicy after we turned the heat down 2 notches!), the scallion chicken was a big favorite at our table, Kung Pao chicken packed some great heat with the chilis and crunch with the peanuts, and the garlic sauce beef was my personal favorite.  

Prices are awesome.  We shared 6 items: soup, noodles, fried rice, and 3 entrees, ordered two beers and it only came out to $84.  Service was solid and happy to fill you in on how they do things at Han Dynasty.  Menu is really user-friendly and breaks it all down for you.  And the food comes crazy fast.  It was easily less than 15 minutes from the time we ordered that we got everything brought to our table.  

Cin Cin in Chestnut Hill had been my favorite Chinese in Philly, but this has just taken the lead.  Can't wait to get back in here.
(Posted on the wrong location. This is meant for manayunk location)

The food is amazing! I always get everything at level 8. Gianna, the hostess is so nice and helpful. She's very knowledgeable about the menu. 

Food is always ready in 15 minutes!

My only con about this place is that the phone NEVER works. It's frustrating sometimes because I only get take out & have to call literally 20x for it to go through. 

Recommendations:
Double cooked fish
Dry pepper fish
Fried rice
Dumplings/spring rolls 
Cold noodles in chili oil 
Dan dan noodles 
Rice noodles with garlic sauce
A great place for ppl who appreciate authentic flavors not served up at typical American-Chinese restos. The Sichuan peppercorns, which are a signature ingredient in several dishes, will leave a buzz on your tongue to which most are unaccustomed. 

The owner circulates and asks you questions.  He cares what you think, and he's not shy about making recommendations.  Listen to him since the point of coming here is to push your limits of what you know and love about Chinese cooking.  He told us he'll be adding more Taiwanese dishes which is exciting since they're hard to come by in Philly.
Been here twice and each time it's been right up there with the best Chinese food I've ever had in my life. I actually stopped here on my way back from Baltimore just to go to this place.

Their dan dan noodles are the best I've had anywhere, hands down. Everything else is  delicious and the portions are very generous. Service is great and food comes out very fast (at least during my experiences). 

Definitely a must if you're ever in Philly.
I had the most amazing meal here! The prices were great and the food was exceptional! The service was mediocre and the decor was nice!

If you eat here you must try the pork belly! It was mind blowingly good! 

Everyone at the table was raving about it! 

Definitely a must try restaurant!
Han, I concede. 

I told you that you were only 4 stars...because you didn't have dessert. 

But I guess my taste buds would have been numb already by the peppercorn infused oil and Szechuan heat. They would only feel the cold. 

Dan dan noodles make me dan dan happy! Dry pepper style chicken (think chicken poppers with hah-hah-heat!) are delish but so is the dry pepper pork, which come with more meat. (so order that.)

Up there with my favs is the Beef Tendons in Chili Oil. I've tried the cumin lamb, Spicy Crispy Cucumber, and Eggplant w/ Garlic Sauce dishes, which are great, but if you are on a budget,  go for what is unique and unmakeable in the kitchen of Teresa L.   

The longest wait at this restaurant is at the door, especially if you don't have a reservation. Food otherwise comes in a timely manner, and as long as it remains a BYOB (which is not very long *weep*) and you're with a rowdy group, the Office of Complaints is closed. 

Word to the wise: Abnormal noise levels and unbridled sweating could really put a damper on candle-lit intentions. 

Happy, Han?
I ordered Han Dynasty for delivery during the COVID quarantine. I'd been craving some Dan Dan noodles and wanted to introduce my mother to them. Of course I was hype when the order came, but that quickly wore off as I opened my food and all of my excitement went out the window. I immediately saw that the sauce for my noodles was missing on some spots (I wish I'd taken a pic, but I just figured I'd stir it up and that would fix it). It was hard to get out of the container bc the dried parts were sticking together. Then, my shrimp & rice looked tired, with only about 6 shrimps in it. The next day I figured I'd eat the rest of the noodles, and I think i figured out why the noodles were dried up. I had ordered it w/ no meat, but as I reached the bottom, there was definitely meat there. I'm thinking once they realized that it wasn't supposed to have meat, instead of giving me a whole new order, they took out most of the meat and just added more noodles on top. Of course I ended up eating some of the meat before I realized it was in there & had me on the toilet most of the evening. From now on, unless I am able to sit and eat (& return food that's not right) I'll lay off the Han dynasty take out. I understand that the demand is high right now, but if customers can't receive the quality that they expect, and pay for then maybe there should be a limited menu or something.
It's love. 

After months of "training" my taste buds to withstand spicier and spicier foods, I told everyone that the time had come.

"I'm ready for Han." They weren't so sure; they told me there was a Baby Adult menu, that I could ask for mild-leveled food. HA. I waved these suggestions away.

The seven of us ordered Dan Dan noodles, dumplings in chili oil, chicken in chili oil, dry pot fish, dry fry beef, double-cooked pork belly, chicken in garlic sauce, and salt and pepper shrimp. My favorites of the night had to be the noodles and dumplings. 

If you didn't feel like reading all of that, don't fret. Just order anything, because it's all amazing. Your lips and forehead might hate you, because they will be numb and sweating (respectively), but your stomach will beg for more delicious spiciness. 

The waiter was attentive and refilled our waters (and bowls of rice) throughout the night, and Han himself came to greet the table once we had finished our meal. Two brave souls from our table signed up for the next 20-course tasting menu. After a few more visits to Han Dynasty, maybe I'll be ready to try the tasting menu!
OMG. Amazing spicy food. You won't feel awesome in the morning as your body adjust to the massive amounts of oil in your meal, but it's totally worth it.

Tip 1: BYO in a major way. Everything is better with bottles of wine, and that includes Chinese food.

Tip 2: In large groups, do the tasting menu. You pay $25/$30/$35pp and let the chef take care of choosing your dishes based on your preferences. Great option to get the best items.

Tip 3: GET THE DAN DAN NOODLES. (unless you're veggie) You won't be disappointed.

Tip 4: Can't make it down to Old City? Order in! I have recently discovered that Han Dynasty does delivery, and this is going to be my undoing.
I had high expectations based on great yelp reviews and recommendations. But I do have to give 3 stars.

First of all, the decor was absolutely stunning. This was the first time I have ever visited an Asian restaurant with such beautiful interior design. I was absolutely taken away. Unfortunately, that was THE highlight of my visit. They do have a full bar. 

I read reviews and heard that it can get super crowded here so I came right at opening. Fortunately only several tables were occupied. I was seated right away and given a large menu. I definitely went with its lunch special. The menu definitely seemed promising as it offered real authentic Chinese food options. I haven't had the bok choy with mushroom for so many years so I went with it. I also got the west lake beef soup and garlic sauce style chicken. You can order lunch (smaller and cheaper) portion for most dishes, which is nice.

My garlic sauce chicken was served first. It came as a surprise because I thought the soup would be served first. But that was not a problem. It was delicious but the flavor was still slightly Americanized as in the sweetness of the dish. The real garlic sauce style should not show too much sweetness. But, on the other hand, it was the closest garlic sauce style that I have tried in the U.S. so I definitely have to give it a thumbs up. The bok choy was served next. It was rather flavorless for some reason. It has been many years since I have tried the boy choy with black mushroom in mainland China so I don't exactly remember how it should taste like. But for some it was kind of bland. The soup came last and it was very watered down. I have ordered west lake beef soup at lots of Chinese restaurants on both the West Coast and the East Coast - unfortunately Han Dynasty served the least flavorless of all places I have tried. 

Overall, it did not live up to my high expectations. On top of that, my server didn't check back on my table to ask how my food was during my visit. Oh well.
yes yes yes yes good stuff! we were there for sunday dinner. it's good that we made a reservation. it's also byo! 
everything was good. i recommended fried fish with peppers. they actually put spices in the batter for the fish so the flavor can blast with each bite. awesomeness.
You know it has to be good Chinese food if even my Chinese grandparents enjoyed it!

I brought family here for a pre-graduation meal and it was great! First of all, being set inside an old bank brought a very cool vibe here. Service was great and all the food was just perfectly spicy without making you want to cry. The Dan Dan noodles everyone talks about definitely lived up to the hype. Perfectly chewy noodles with crispy pork?! How can you say no? Stir fried string beans are forever one of my favorite Chinese veggies and the version here was great! The pricing here is also on point and won't break the bank. Like I said, this place is grandparent approved so go soon if you can :)
