I hadn't been to Han's Dynasty in quite some time! I remember it being way to spicy for my taste at the time, but since then my spice tolerance has grown so much thanks to all the cool foodies I know who forced me to embrace the spice lol

I took the family here for Mother's Day because I knew everyone in that area of University city would be out of town, so the restaurant wouldn't be overly crowded or marking up the price that day.

We were told all the food is served family style so 3-4 dishes should feed 7-8 ppl which was pretty accurate. The host said rice comes out unlimited, but the only tedious thing was having to constantly ask for it instead of them bringing it out as we finished or just bring out one super huge bowl. We are professional rice eaters in my family, and I don't think Han Dynasty was prepared for that. 

We ordered the Scallion pancakes,Dan Dan Noodle,  Pepper Chicken , on Black Bean Style Fish, and one Garlic Tofu dish. All were solid, but the  Black Bean style fish was by far the best. The flavor was so sweet and spicy all at once and the fish was super moist. The cold Dan Dan noodles packed ALOT of spice and flavor as well. I wish I could take that sauce on the noodles home and pour it on everything...except cereal of course.

Anyway, the food was a home run here and the price point was way lower than we all expected. I can't wait to eat here again!
THREE CUP CHICKEN! Let me say it one more time for the people in the back... THE THREE CUP CHICKEN!!!! This dish was a highlight from my recent takeout order and I can't wait to order it again. The perfect amount of sweet and savory flavors, tenderness, and garlic.

I was in the mood for soup so I ordered a beef noodle soup from Han Dynasty for pickup. While looking through the other menu options online, I noticed the Three Cup Chicken in the specials section. I decided to try it. Based on the way the menu describes the items, I could not tell if this was going to come with rice or not. I assumed (and hoped) it would, and it did. You just never know with takeout these days!

I scheduled it for a later pickup time, ran my errands, and stopped by a few minutes earlier than expected for my food. While it wasn't ready when I got there (100% my fault) they did get it wrapped up quickly and I did not have to wait long. By the time I got home everything was still hot and VERY delicious.
I go to Han Dynasty so often that it might as well be an addiction. I have tried every single item on that menu at least once. If you don't like Han Dynasty, it is because some ridiculous childhood trauma has rendered you soulless and dead inside.

You can be assured that every dish I mention in this review is a favorite. Here's how to do Han Dynasty right, based on countless experiences with varying numbers of people at this restaurant-

"The Lonely Man"(for one lonely, sad person)
Dan Dan Noodles, dumplings in chili oil. You will have leftovers.

"The Basic"(for two people, probably a date early in the relationship)
Dan Dan Noodles, Spicy Cucumber, Three Cup Chicken - You will have leftovers.

"Company"(for three people, because your significant other has someone visiting from out of town and you want them to like you)
Dan Dan Noodles, Spicy Cucumber, Double cooked pork belly, Fried Taiwanese sausage.

"The Party"(for four people, because three folks from your work are tired of hearing about you rave about the restaurant and have demanded that you take them.)
Dan Dan Noodles, Spicy Cucumber, Dry Pepper Shrimp, Fish hot pot

Any party greater than 4 usually means that someone with Han Dynasty experience will be in the party and should know what the hell they are doing.

The U.City location is larger and serves the food more quickly than any other location. Seriously, they are really fast here. I've eaten here and received my Dan Dan noodles and cucumbers before the drinks arrive. It is ridiculous.

I've given so many stars to Han's restaurants on Yelp that this chain might as well be its own group of constellations. Google "han dynasty rap" for more of my shameless plugging of this restaurant.
Fifteen of my coworkers and I descended upon the new Han Dynasty location for lunch on the Friday before Memorial Day weekend. The place was about half-full; we only had to wait a few minutes for the servers to push some tables together for our group. We had no reservation, but they treated us like VIPs, anyway.

I was finally able to try the Dan Dan noodles because we split two bowls around the table. I would highly recommend trying that. They were happy to hold the pork from one of the bowls, for the vegetarians among us, and the noodles were quite tasty and spicy on their own. I also sampled the spicy crispy cucumbers (great), the scallion pancake (fantastic, but still not as good as my Chinese friend's dad makes them), and the lunch portion of the bok choy with a delightful chewy mushroom. It's nice that you can get most of the entrees as lunch portions for a fraction of the price at the lunch hour. I'm thrilled that we have such a fantastic Chinese option in University City!
Had to come here while visiting CHOP. I can see why this place has gained some great reviews. I want to give 5 but alas 4 from me. They say they can adjust the spicy level but they didn't to any of the dishes. It's okay though, just sweated it out.

The dan dan noodles was the star. Holy smokes. My baby girl loved it too. Everything we had was really good, except for the heat level. Lol. Besides the noodles, the beef dry pot style (got lunch portion which doesn't come with the stirrup heat), mapo tofu (prob one of the best sauce I've tasted), and the spicy cucumbers (it's a rather large dish). 

One good thing too, free soda refills. Come early or make reservations. Came here for lunch when it opened. Food does come out very fast too.
I've never been inside this location of Han Dynasty, but when we order takeout from HD, we get it from here. 

There is enough salt in the food to make you bloated for days, but that won't stop the occasional intense craving that must be satiated. Our go-to starters are always the same: spicy cucumbers and dan dan noodles. Sometimes we'll throw in the scallion pancakes. 

My man always gets some sort of dry/hot pepper chicken thing which is very good but loaded with hot ass peppers. My mouth is always on fire enough as-is from the appetizers, so I go with the much milder garlic shrimp. I like the peppers and onions that are mixed in - they give a nice crunch. 

Until next time, HandyNasty!
Decent food but service is extremely rude.

I brought a bottle of wine and asked them if they are BYOB like the Old City location.  The reply was "you can bring the bottle, but just don't open it" in a sarcastic and demeaning tone.  Will not eat at a place that talks down to its paying customers ever again.
Superman did a Philly road trip with an earthling wingman for a recon mission on a mutual friend who just moved there to work at UPenn. Since Superman's wingman didn't want to mess up his hair by flying on Superman's back to Philly, we took an earthmobile.

Just to let everyone on I-95 know exactly who was traveling alongside them, your fave SuperHero let his cape flutter out the window. Also, he gave sketchy characters his all-knowing and piercing gaze while drooling on his spandex flight suit as he extended his head out the window like a slobbering canine.

Superman often practices his flying positions while leaning out a car window, although he sometimes gets clipped at those annoying toll booths since he never slows down. You see, Superman doesn't pay earthly tolls or taxes. Earth should be paying him for fighting crime and evil!!!! Not the other way around! Superman will talk to Obama about this, since they're both foreigners according to Donald Trump.

Don't worry, Superman rubbed out those disgusting drool marks before emerging from the earthmobile.  He has his adoring public to consider, after all, and must maintain his image and be ever available for random photo requests with his fans.

Superman received many friendly gestures from these passing motorists, which his friend described as "Half a Peace Sign."  This single figure salute doesn't exist on planet Krypton but is often seen by Superman on his earthly missions.  Thank you, earthlings, for acknowledging that Superman is number 1!!!!

Back to the Philly adventure. This Chinese restaurant is one of six in Philly owned by a Taiwanese family.  Superman met Cindy, the adorable cousin of the owner, as he was leaving.  However, Superman's Kreepy Krypto charm didn't work. He was not comped and had to pay full freight for his outstanding lunch. And this was after he left a big tip!

Superman wanted to retrieve said tip, but his crafty waiter had already scooped it up.

Superman's Philly friend (a Chinese expert) ordered for our group and even your faithful YelpMeister Review King had his eyes water and his throat constrict at the hotness of the food.  But it was good and the ambiance was nice, spacious and retro inside a new building a few blocks from the UPenn Campus.

Hey, btw, if you want to annoy a UPenn student, ask them how they like going to a big state university.  They'll say "Penn is in the Ivy League! You're thinking of Penn State!"

You can say, "Penn is NOT in the Ivy League!  Only swanky private universities like Harvard are in the Ivy League!!!"  The Penn students will give you the special Half a Peace Sign salute and slink away.

Superman resents these snotty Ivy Leaguers. Believe it or not, Superman has humble roots and got a full ride at the State University of Krypton while starring on their Intergalactic Bocce Ball Team (see previous review for Pearl Dive for his bocce ball prowess).

Han Dynasty rules, but be careful if you order hot and spicy food since your mouth will be torched and your eyes will pop out of their sockets. Ask for Cindy and tell her Superman sent you!
For what seems like forever I was hearing about the noodles known as Dan Dan, I've heard of the cool but spicy cucumbers, I heard tales of whole mouth burn that leaves your eyes sweating but yet you still want more. I heard about it every time someone checked-in on Yelp, someone on twitter would inevitably say "don't forget the dan dan", I also followed Foobooz and Eater as Old City expanded to University City to Exton, Royersford, Manayunk and New Jersey and yet for whatever reason there I was still just a spectator. I'm not sure how I allowed opportunity after opportunity to slip by, but finally the time was right. I now found myself excited yet absolutely terrified by the menu that sat in front of me...the numbers indicating the spice level of intensity taunting me, calling me a "weenie" for being nervous. I quelled my nerves with a Xiaogui Gimlet of gin and grapefruit juice while seated at the bar with the rest of those in our party and eyed the offerings debating whether I could man-up enough to go for the (10). 

We were seated shortly after receiving our drinks, our tabs moved to the tables bill and once seated six mouths went flying...."we should order this", "oh, no that sounds great", "tea smoked duck? intriguing!" Somewhere amongst the chaos of discussion we wound up settling on dan dan noodles, spicy crispy cucumbers, dry pot pork,  tea smoked duck, pea shoots in garlic.. No sooner had we ordered but dishes started to make their way to the table, it was now or never to put on my game face and brace for the sting. The dan dan noodles, awesome. The spicy crispy cucumbers, hot yet cool, a confusing feeling of sorts. Next came our level (10) dishes and the anxiety started to mount, dishes were passed around, chopsticks in place, I dug in without really even thinking. The tea smoked duck was amazing, as was the dry pot; both were of a spice intensity I had never experienced before, but could not stop picking. The dry pot was served in a hot pot sauce in a little wok with bamboo shoots, mushrooms, peppercorns, and peppers. Out of everything we ate though, I think the winner for me was the side order of pea shoots; simply ordered because none of us had every had them before, this simple little green in a light garlic sauce was what grounded the spice of the rest of the entrees and even some of the appetizers; a perfect contrast to the majority of our meal.

Dinner moved fast, food is brought out as it's cooked and because it's prepared so quickly at such a high heat we were in and out in just a little under an hour and a half.  We didn't feel rushed and for as much as I think I ate, didn't leave feeling overstuffed...perfect for post-dinner cocktails as we migrated over toward Old City to end the night. No one spent more than $25 including a cocktail apiece. Ordering a few appetizers and entrees for a larger table was a great move as everything is served in share size portions and was definitely a great way to experience this restaurant for the first time.

Will I be back? Well, my mouth was ready for a round two just a few minutes after leaving from dinner, I would expect to be making a second, third, and fourth visit very soon or at the very least making a trip for some takeout.
My experiences at Han Dynasty are like the feeling of having the munchies, but you don' t even need to technically HAVE the munchies.  Just can't get enough, and if you're like me, you might even do the whole close-your-eyes-while-you-eat thing. Yeah - that good.

I've had the pleasure of dining at their Old City location, but I actually prefer this University City spot.  Came here with a party of three for lunch and it was absolutely hopping.  The ambiance is a smart open space, great for larger parties as well.

Shared a few plates: you can't even begin to think about showing up without ordering the Dan Dan noodles for the table.  They are served in what can only be described as spicy peanut heaven.  Nom.

We then ordered the Crispy Rice Style shrimp served in a sweet and sour sauce.  Sizzling rice mixed with sauteed vegetables left me foaming at the mouth. (Not literally, but..you get it.)

The Garlic Sauce Chicken with peppers and mushrooms was delicious as well, although my least favorite selection.

Although I am always one for new experiences, I am going to be circling back around next week for Happy Hour and some more Dan Dan noodles..STOP IT. I'm in LOVE!
First off, the food was excellent.  The reason I am giving this restaurant only 1 star is that, as a white person, I was discriminated against.  I was with a group of coworkers all of whom except for me were Asian, and without going into details, the server did not want to give us a special because I was there.  She even had the audacity to speak to the rest of the table in Chinese and point at me while doing it!  Seriously.  Once we left my coworkers explained to me the issue, but I am not going back if I am not going to be treated as well as the other guests.

In the future I'll just stick with Sang Kee on 36th and Chestnut.  The prices are much better there anyways and at least I wont be treated like a second-class citizen.
The food at Han Dynasty is superb.
 But an unpleasant incident happened there that ensures that I will never return. On Christmas eve, after mass, my partner and I went to Han Dynastyl. We were seated in a row of 2-tops. The restaurant wasn't crowded, but we were close enough to our neighbors to catch little snippets of conversation from the other tables without actually eavesdropping.
 On our right sat an African American couple, apparently checking out the restaurant for the first time, middle class, quiet, and having a nice date night. So I was rather shocked when one of the managers came over and offered to "box up the food," when the couple was clearly not finished (full plates and forks midair). The gentleman sitting at the table called the manager on it, quietly and politely; a few minutes later the couple left, their food unfinished. This is what 21st century Jim Crow looks like, I guess--you get to sit in the restaurant, and pay for your food, but you are not allowed to enjoy it. I will never go back.
I have now been to this restaurant 4 times in the last three weeks. Being someone who doesn't generally eat Chinese food, this should be impressive enough.

I'll start with the fact that, unlike the Old City location, the University City Han has a full bar. What's more, they keep a rotating tap of some EXCELLENT beers, including Allaghash Black and Ommegang Three Philosophers, along with some lighter selections. If you're REALLY lucky, you'll chance upon one of their special collaborations with Voodoo Brewing Company, in which the brewer uses Han's szechuan peppercorns during the brewing process. Thanks to the amazing management, I was lucky enough to score a seat at a tasting dinner with the Master Brewer at Voodoo last night, where he introduced these special edition beers. Mind. Blown.

The service is excellent. At the bar, a very attentive bartender will help you with your beer/wine/drink selection. The waitstaff is extremely attentive. Once your order is taken, be prepared, because the food will come out quick and hot. They serve seemingly immediately after preparation, making the food taste hot and fresh, and, possibly due to an extremely efficient kitchen, the food USUALLY comes out within five or ten minutes of ordering. For me, this is a plus, but knowing people who don't like to rush dinner, I think you should be prepared for a relatively quick (1 to 1.5 hour) meal. Those looking for a longer, slower experience might want to look elsewhere.

Given the restaurant's specific spice rating scale (1-10), some assistance is also needed with ordering, and the excellent waitstaff is more than happy to let you know how much to order, describe the dishes and specials, and outline what to expect in terms of heat with each dish.

Foodwise, this is easily the best Szechuan food I've ever had. This has been belabored ad nauseum in the glaringly positive reviews on Yelp so far, so I'll just add my highlights:

-Dan dan noodles (obviously)
-Dry Pepper Style anything (crispy fish is probably my favorite) - At an 8/10, this is, to me, the perfect spiciness. Overpowering, but not to the point of loss of flavor.
-For something less spicy, try the Salt and Pepper Style Scallops.
-Cumin Lamb
-Wontons in Chili Oil - Again, perfect amount of heat.

In all, try to push your limits a little with the spiciness. Han's style of cooking is such that, although spicy, the food never looses its amazing szechuan peppercorn flavoring.
Thanks to the suggestion of local Yelpers, I was made aware to try Han Dynasty. Lunch at Han was my just reward for taking a 7am flight from Chicago before my work meetings. Tip for Lunch: Noon-1pm is super crowded. Come earlier or later.

Everything at Han has a number on its spicy scale. My server was great, and she immediately asked what I could handle, and described the spiciness as a "Sriracha-type spicy". I would love if you could get a Han t-shirt with a spicy number on it! I'm a 6! I'm an 8!

- Dan Dan Noodles- 8 Spicy (my server pronounced it "Don don")
Excellent! Does contain small amounts of pork, not sure if you can get it vegetarian friendly. This noodle bowl was enough for a meal, for sure, and very spicy.

Still, I had to try an entrée too, on my short visit to Philadelphia. 

- Double Cooked Style chicken (4 Spicy), with leeks, hot peppers, fermented black beans, and chili oil. My server suggested Double Cooked as her favorite, so I went with it. It was good, but not super amazing. Cumin Style may have been more up my alley. 

They have a great drink and beer selection, and I ordered the Oskar Blues Dale's Pale Ale simply to cut through some of the spiciness. (Ha, right!) Happy Hour is 5-7pm here. (Has anyone else noticed the website address could also be interpreted as "Handy Nasty.net"? Like, too bad that "Fixit guy" is out of a good URL!) I'm very much looking forward to a return to Han Dynasty.
I met Han on the first day he opened his first restaurant in Exton some 6-7 years ago. Since then I am glad to see his restaurant empire grow and am a weekly (sometimes multiple times a week) customer.

Though I usually visit the suburb Han Dynasty's, I can honestly say this locations is one of the best with its distinctive Cumin Lamb, Dan Dan noodles and a dish which is not that well known but the best on the menu....drum roll please....fish with hot dry peppers.

Also remember to get the Cold chicken in chili oil, spicy cucumbers and Taiwanese sausage as appetizers. The West Lake soup is good but I usually skip it unless there are people in our dining group who do not like hot food (a rarity). Three cup chicken usually satisfies the people who like mild food.

Check out the great drink specials and beers on tap.
I liked this place so much last time that I raved about it to all of my friends and came here again with a group of them. What a shame that this weekend's experience was both disappointing and embarrassing. 

I had made a reservation, which turned out to be a good idea because they were pretty busy. In the reservation, we had asked for an outdoor table. The hostess had reserved us an indoor table. We told her that we were willing to wait for an outdoor table to give the server some time, if he had been seated recently. While the hostess was reluctantly figuring out whether to give us an outdoor table, an older lady (maybe a manager?) came over and took us to an outdoor table. 

Our server was reasonably good. He frequently checked in on us. However, our water glasses remained empty for long stretches of time. When we were ready to order, the older lady who seated us came to take our order instead of our server. 

We ordered 3 items for starters: the Dan Dan noodles, Crispy Rice Style Pork, and the Bok Choy vegetable dish, to which the older lady said, "THAT'S IT?!?!" followed by, "THAT'S ALL YOU WANT TO ORDER???"  all in a very rude tone and incredulous facial expression. I almost choked. 

As someone with many years in the restaurant industry, I understand  why one would prefer dining guests to order more. However, I did emphasize that we wanted to order those items as starters. Most restaurants don't have a problem with this. Also, even if I ever thought that a guest ordered too little, (I might secretly curse them out in my head, but) I would NEVER say it to the guest. 

Also, as many reviewers point out, the portions are fairly large. I'm not  a hugely large eater and I don't think it's wrong to order a comfortable amount of food when dining at a restaurant. (We were still very full by the time we left.) The way the older lady reacted when taking our order was tacky and unprofessional, but the real disappointment was that it took over an hour for our orders to arrive (last time, it took only 10 min). It seemed like she "forgot" to give the kitchen our order... maybe because she thought we didn't order enough. 

After 45 minutes, we asked our server about our food. He promptly went to the kitchen and came back saying the food was on its way. 15 minutes later, we asked him again. He checked with the kitchen and said that they had run out of bowls. At the same time, a table of 3 just got seated near us. About 10 minutes later, that table of 3 received an order of Dan Dan noodles (in a bowl!) despite the kitchen's alleged lack of bowls. We still did not receive any of our items... not even the boiled vegetable side dish, which takes about 5 minutes to make. 

A few minutes later, a manager came out with yet another bowl of Dan Dan noodles, but he offered it to a couple who said they didn't order it. The bowl was sent back to the kitchen, though I suspected that it had been ours. I thought about lunging for it, but it disappeared before I could even blink. Another few minutes later, I talked to a girl who was checking on tables and got her to finally bring out our dishes. She apologized that our food "took so long to arrive" ... meaning 1.5 hrs in this case. My friends were really hungry (that's how they kept track of the exact time). I felt so badly about telling them how good Han Dynasty was. 

This experience really deserves 1 star, but I'm giving 2 stars after taking my last visit into account. I believe the bad reviews a bit more now. I'm not sure if I can still recommend this place at the risk of having others wait 1.5hrs for their food and get rude service from that older lady (the hostess/manager/person who took down our order). We didn't ask for a discount, but if this happens to you, make sure you get yours.
Outrageously good.  Trendy atmosphere. The cocktails were very good albeit a little skimpy volume-wise. All the noodle dishes were outstanding, especially the Dan Dan noodles. Also highly recommend the beef dry pot style (while it is rated as a 10 and is quite spicy, it is not as numbingly hot as some other Szechuan restaurants I've been too. The spicy cucumbers and Ma Po Tofu were also excellent
Highly recommended
We were a group of four and it was our first time at the new Han Dynasty in University City. We were excited about this new option as we all work in the area and especially with the great reviews that the Old City location receives. Boy were we mistaken. 

The place wasn't too crowded since it was pouring rain outside. We had a reservation and were seated right away. Water and tea were immediately brought to our table. That's where the service stopped. It took an inordinate amount of time for the waiter to come and ask if we needed anything as two of our party had yet to arrive. Once they had arrived, it was another long wait. Since this was a family style restaurant, we ordered wonton soup to share, a tofu lunch entree, a dinner sized crispy rice chicken entree and another dinner sized garlic sauce shrimp entree (we were told that the lunch entrees are about 70% of the size of a dinner entree).

The soup took almost 45 minutes to come out to us and it was truly awful. Immediately you could see that it had way too much oil in it. It may have even been vegetable oil, because that was all you could smell or taste. When they delivered the soup, they apologized for the delay, but no one ever came back to check on how we were doing.

Different servers brought us our entrees at different times, so we waited an additional amount of time until the vegetarian option arrived, so that we didn't leave out a member of our party. The crispy rice and chicken entree was bland, except for the enormous amount of sliced ginger. The garlic sauce shrimp was fairly good. Again, no one ever came back to check on how we were doing.

It took another inordinate amount of time for them to clear our food and then someone from our party actually had to go and ask for the bill from our waiter, since he still hadn't returned. In fact he was blithely walking around and talking to other servers.

All in all, we were all seated at the restaurant at noon and we did not leave until 2:00 p.m. For a restaurant catering to the businesses and universities in the area, which require a need for fast turnarounds at lunch, this was completely unacceptable.

We were especially disappointed as we are always rooting for new restaurants to be successful in the area and Han Dynasty has a good reputation. Perhaps this experience was a one-off but considering we all have time and budget limitations none of us are going to return anytime soon to see if they redeem themselves.
This is an overdue review of the 2nd Philly location of my beloved spice palace (https://www.yelp.com/biz/han-dynasty-philadelphia)!

But its also taken awhile because, despite popping in for a couple years now I've only really done take out when situations like Clark Park Fest meetings have brought me out to West Philly and I found myself craving some food on the go. This is also why I'm giving 4 stars for now, but the fact that they do things like free parking redemption for a lot of 37th & Filbert may have me changing this!

But while it's definitely not as big as my beloved Old City spot, and you might not see Han as much, this location is a good sized one that plays true to his style. It was also the first Han Dynasty to have a bar, and features some pretty impressive cocktails like the Shifu's tea which marries Old Overholt rye whiskey with Wang Lao Ji sweet tea, Chinese bitters, lemonade, and hibiscus bitters; and Han's Cup which combines Bulleit Rye with Pimm's No. 1 Sichuan Bitters. Toss in a rotating beer list and you have a solid bar.

In my three Old City reviews I touched on plenty of the things that make Han Dynasty awesome overall. So for this one I may as well touch on some of my favorite entrees:

Dan Dan Noodles - No explanation needed really because you already know. whether you go pork or veggie, or alter the spice to your preference they're the king!

Rabbit w/ peanuts in chili oil - the tender meat and super spice makes going through all those tiny bones worth it!

Fried Taiwanese sausage - sweet succulent meat pockets!

Cumin style lamb - My usual go to entree with its perfect levels of spice, bell peppers blended with long hots, and amazing cumin crust. 

Double cooked pork belly - My kind of pork belly!

Dry pepper style beef - Triple flash fried in all of those pepper juices!
I've been here several times over the years. It's pretty consistent and if you know anything about Han Dynasty, you're coming for the heat. This place also has a decent cocktail list. They close at 10 on weeknights, but if you come anywhere close to that (we arrived at 930), be prepared to be rushed out and reminded a few times that the kitchen closes at 10. I get the "end of the night" feeling as an eating establishment with staff that wants to go home (I remember my days of working in a restaurant and hoping the place is empty by closing) but it is a bit unnerving when the order is put in a half hour before the kitchen closes and it feels like you just ruined the lives of everyone that has to serve you food. It might have been because we were end -of -the -evening customers, with end -of -the -evening -food, but while the flavor and heat on my dry pepper fish was good there were more than a few pieces that were inedible. I'm not sure if they were fried too hard or were the bony tail of the fish but I couldn't even chew through them. I pushed them to the side of my plate and kept it rolling. Our server himself, was gracious and quick with a smile, which was refreshing. I don't regret stopping through. I will just make sure the next time I visit I am on the early side of the evening so I don't get the side-eye.
Super convenient for Chinese food not in Chinatown! 

Beef Lo Mein was delicious. Not super salty like most take out restaurants. I also enjoyed the Sichuan spicy beef noodle soup. They separate the soup and noodles for take out. The noodles are thick which I prefer. The soup was on the oily side. I also tried the dry pot style chicken. Chicken was tender and the flavor was yummy.  That dish was my favorite!
This place makes me sick. I mean really makes me sick. I tried the food 4 times, and each time it leaves me with- pardon- digestive distress the next day. I'm used to very hot food with no adverse effects. I assume it is the oil in everything and not the heat. I realize this is just me and not an indication of the food quality, but I would not try this place for the first time if you have things to do the next day.

Which comes to my second gripe, while I know chilli oil is the hallmark of Sczechuan, other flavors are nice too. Everything tasted the same- The Dan Dan noodles, the dumplings, the hot pot. The cumin dish only had a bit of the damn oil in it, but it was there!  If really seemed if you had one dish you had them all.

Also, we ordered the rabbit was just chunked up whole on the bones. I love when I order meat and I get every tiny rib bone chopped up with it so I have to pick them out, don't you? It may be authentic, but a description that it was a scorching hot-pot and a pick as you go dish would be fair.

The service is kind of sub-par. The servers are in a rush and I've had a hostess forget about us. 

All in all, I can't believe this is the same restaurant all my friends rave about.
This is quickly becoming my favorite location of this restaurant. The food is the same quality as the other locations and they have a full bar! This means draft beer and an extended bottle list as well as specialty cocktails.  I also enjoy the interior of this location as it is more spacious and modern looking. We have dined in twice, once during the "soft tofu" opening and once after they added the full bar. It is also convenient for me to grab take out from on the way home, answering all my sesame noodle desires. Parking at this location is much easier than in old city or manyunck, they have a free on site garage for dinner time and there are a lot of free or metered spaces available in the area. 

As with all locations, you can't go and not order the noodles and cucumbers. Other favorites include the pea leaves, eggplant, garlic sauce style, cumin style and double cooked style.
Over the holiday weekend, a friend and I were hungry, but didn't want to venture too far and wanted to avoid the Center City crowds. So, we drove over to Han Dynasty for some lunch. I am updating my review to 4 stars, because of the wonderful service we received. 

Surprisingly they had a good crowd. We were greeted and seated right away. We decided to start with drinks...while we both wanted to order a safer beer like Tsingtao, we chose to be a bit more daring and ordered some kind of raspberry beer because it sounded refreshing. BAD choice. It was NOT what either of us expected...very sweet. Blegh! Well, we finished it but didn't order it again. 

What we ordered were the Chicken Hot Pot and Dry Pepper Chicken. Our server let us know that while the Chicken Hot Pot notes that 10 is the spiciest level, it really isn't that spicy...more like a 7. I appreciated that note because I was going to drop it down to a 7 (which according to his recommendation would have been a 4). It was the perfect level of spicy. The food was delicious, of course. There were leftovers so they wrapped them up for us. 

I understand that they don't need anymore reviews, since they're a pretty big chain. BUT whatever. Also, if you don't know, the owner doesn't tolerate racism and will straight up punch you in the face if you are. SO...there's that. Love it or leave it.
I have given this location more chances than I should.  Yet, each time they find a way be non-worthy.  My recent dine in here was with a friend.   We waited for about 10 minutes before any one showed.  Blah.  So we ordered.  My food comes out.  Another 10 minutes or so goes by and the server notices my friend's food did not.  Meanwhile, my food got cold from waiting for these numbskulls to get her food out.  The server goes to my friend, "Do you still want it?" HA!  

Let's see... Not having pea leaves but still keeping it in the menu? Lame.  Update it.  It's been half a mfking year. White it out.  Cross it out.  Put a sticker over it.   

I also asked on a separate occasion to have a sauce substitute.  They said no NOT because it was pre-made, but because they said the chef doesn't feel like it.   The chef doesn't want to "ruin the integrity" of the dish.  Bitch please!  Don't ever imply that I have poor taste.
I must say that my experience with this location involved a DoorDash order to the eastern part of Delaware County. And this food is just a different experience for takeout or delivery as opposed to dining in. 

But that's life during Covid. Cant hold that against them. 

What I can say is that despite the travel to get to my house, the Dan Dan Noodles are still a flavor explosion. The dumplings in chili oil are addicting. And the garlic beef still packed quite the punch.
Ever since my first Han Dynasty experience, I will get random cravings for dan dan noodles.  The random craving will start with a thought "hmm.. I could go for some dan dan noodles".  Then the craving starts to grow.  I start re-reading the menu online while at work, hoping the words on the screen will soothe my burning desire.  I'll start thinking about them at inappropriate times, like while brushing my teeth in the morning or while in a boring meeting at 2 pm in the afternoon.  The craving will overtake me until I give in.  Now if you have a similar experience, I suggest that you visit the U City location when this happens.

Having been to the Old City location, I did a major comparison of it to the U City location.  The food (price, quality, portion) is identical, but the atmosphere is much different.  I really like the size of this location.  They have a really nice outdoor patio with tons, and I mean TONS, of seating.  And the inside is equally as large.  There is free parking after 5 during the week and all day on the weekends. And they have a full bar with decently priced drinks.

For those of you who are Han NOOBS, you gotta go with the dan dan noodles, dumplings in chili oil, and crispy cucumbers.  On this particular visit, we tried the (mild) veggie dumplings which didn't impress me so much, but gave us a much needed relief from the more fiery items we ordered.  As far as portions are concerned, Mmy husband and I always get 4 items and have plenty leftover for lunch the next day.

I would suggest Han's U City location if you are looking to eat with a large group of friends- they have the space for it and the free parking makes it easy for people to congregate there from all over the city and beyond.  If you are looking to get a bite before a night out, the Old City location may be more of what you are looking for since U City is a bit isolated.
After going to the new Old City Han Dynasty, I was convinced the combination of flavor, ambiance, quality, and value could not be beat... till I visited the University City Han Dynasty last night, and was proven wrong.

Where to begin?
1. Parking was easy.
2. Service was spot-on.
3. The menu! Lots of seafood options, including lobster and whole fish! Talk about legit.
4. The food came out fast.
5. Portions were big, especially for the braised beef noodle soup.
6. The Dry Pot lamb was exceptional - 10 for spice. Delicious and slightly punishing. I was sweating by the end, but it was a more than worth-it sweat.
7. The Taiwanese sausages were good. I would have preferred a larger portion size for the price but it was delish. What makes these Taiwanese anyhow?
8. As usual, it was $20-25 a person including tax & tip and we stuffed ourselves.

Can't wait to go back here and try out more stuff on the menu! How HD manages to create authentic Chinese food, that appeals to all, and get the little details right, continues to amaze me. We skipped our usual orders this time, but if you're going for the first time, go for:

Dumplings (or Wontons) in Chili Oil
Dan Dan Noodles
Cumin Lamb
Three Cup Chicken (*not spicy)
*Yes, this is a restaurant where you need to call out the dishes that are not spicy. 

To put it simply. Han Dynasty is as good as it gets for food in Philly. There is no other place with the combination of quality, flavor, variety, authenticity, and value. Not even close.
Don't underestimate the spice scale at Han Dynasty. It's the real deal. Speaking of deals, this is place has a legitimately good deal for University City Dining Days. 

I went with a group of friends for Han Dynasty's 3 course dining days menu. I know some people frown down on restaurant week, but portion and selection were not problems here. We received regular sized appetizer and entre portions. Our third course could either be dessert or a choice of two alcoholic beverages. I was planning on having a drink anyways so I went with the Grand Royal as my third course. Doing some quick math, it was like getting a drink for free with my dinner. 

With five in the group, it made sense to try each of the five appetizers being offered: cold sesame noodles, dumplings in chili oil, dan dan noodles, spicy crispy cucumbers and Sichuan pickled veggies. The dan dan noodles are everything people say they are, and easily were a group favorite. The cucumbers were served cold and were a very refreshing savory dish. The cold sesame noodles were also great. The pickled veggies were probably the least favorite of the selection. According to the menu, they were at spice level 10 on a 1 to 10 scale. I was ready to totally underestimate the spice scale at that point. I probably could have also walked away from the table full and gone home happy. 

Despite the vast array of appetizers ordered, each member of my party went with a variation of the Dry Pot. All but one of us went with the maximum spice level possible, and even poked fun at our friend for going with a 7. At the end of the meal, he was the only one at the table who wasn't sweating, crying or dealing with a runny nose. My dry pot chicken was extremely spicy and to be honest I probably would have enjoyed it better a notch or two down. You've been warned. It was still delicious though! 

The only thing restaurant week-esq was the service. Our server was friendly, but not really attentive. The place was by no-means packed either. We were told that there would be a gap between our appetizers and entrees but then 2 out of 5 entrees came out early. A few of us also asked for clean plates for the entrees. It was an odd time during the meal because we still were working on our appetizers but also had our entrees. One of the staff members brought me a new plate and took away my appetizer plate that I told her I was still eating off of. My husband was able to retain his until he finished shortly after. 

Having only dined at the Manayunk Han Dynasty, I was impressed by the open and lofty atmosphere. It was spacious and modern looking. 

Service aside, we really enjoyed our overall experience. And since it was Dining Days, I'm not going to hold it against them. We also learned a valuable lesson: when Han Dynasty says spicy, they mean it!
This is some of the best Chinese food I've ever had.  We went on a not too busy Saturday night for a dinner outside.  The service was very friendly and prompt.  They have a full bar, so we ordered drinks.  Here is what we ordered:

For appetizer, mung beans with black bean sauce - very different, spicy, interesting, and probably the best thing we had

I got hot sauce style tofu - spicy, garlic-y and yummy.  With perfectly cooked tofu and celery and cabbage.  Had plenty of leftovers.

My boyfriend got dry pot style with pork and really enjoyed it.  He says it was "edible spicy... like the good part of fried chicken..."

Prices are reasonable, but more than you'd usually spend on Chinese.

One of the best meals I've eaten in Philly.
After trying this Han Dynasty's family-style tasting menu with a large group, I'm very confident that this restaurant deserves 5 stars. I went into the tasting menu option very wary, because I thought it wouldn't be worth my money to pay $20 for the huge amount of dishes, when I assumed majority of them would be meat-based....

BUT

When I told the server I was a vegetarian, she went out of her way to notify the chefs, who then made 75% of our tasting menu vegetarian-friendly--meaning I could enjoy almost all of the absolutely deliciously perfect dishes as much as my friends could! There is a LOT of wonderful food in the tasting menu, though, so it's definitely worth your money if you're coming in a large group of 8+ people to do it, as long as you notify them that you're vegetarian!

And, again, I just want to echo the friendliness of the waitstaff and the cool ambiance of the restaurant as a whole. I am so pleased that Han Dynasty is a presence now in U City, and I look forward to visiting often!

(Also, the free spicy crispy cucumbers for each check are awesome! Take note that it's one free order per table, though.)
This place had some pretty solid Chinese food. I came here with four others, and we ordered a bunch of dishes which were all pretty big, but we managed to finish everything! 

Chili wontons - 3/5 - the sauce was a little more sour than I expect.
Chili cucumbers - 4/5 - not traditional but I liked the sweet and sour sauce.
West lake beef soup - 1/5 - not good at all, the soup was so bland and the beef in the soup was very dry. 
Dry pepper chicken - 5/5 - so yummy! The seasoning was good and the chicken did not have too much breading and no bones!
Hot sauce fish - 5/5 - flavor was really good, spicy!
Scallion style lamb - 3.5/5 - I'm not a huge fan of this dish in general and it was alright. 
Dry pot intestines - 4.5/5 - a little oily but very delicious! The flavor was great and there was a lot of intestines :) 

Aside from the soup, I thought everything was pretty good, but coming from California, we also have a lot of great Chinese food so it didn't wow me. Solid and good spicy food though. Rice is also included for free which is nice!

My friends told me that the Dan Dan noodles are amazing, but I didn't get a chance to try those. Maybe next time!
Solid food, nice place overall. Loved the crunchy spicy cucumber appetizer - the sauce is delicious. The chicken in garlic sauce was tasty as well. Dumplings were fine, skip the hot pickled vegetables though.
Yelped Chinese food when the family and I were in town and this is the best we found. We were all a bit disappointed but it did the trick, I guess. The service was good though, it was just that none of us were really a fan of the food.
Spicy crispy cucumber appetizer: this was probably one of the best things we had. It was refreshing and had a nice kick to it. 
Dan dan noodles: did not like this at all. The noodles were cooked right and probably would have been good had it not been for them dumping what tasted like an entire jar of peanut butter over them. The first bite was okay but no one was able to eat more than a couple bites of them. Seriously guys, ease up on the peanut sauce (aka Jif peanut butter).
Schezwan curry chicken: not bad
Chicken dry pot: I actually liked this one. It was very spicy and the chicken in it was very tender. I just wish it had more chicken in it.
Between 4 of us we would usually easily finish the amount of food we ordered but there was plenty of leftovers. That says something about everyone's thoughts on the food. Sorry guys, just being honest
I came here after Anthony Bourdain gave his stamp of approval, in the recent 'The Layover' episode.  I have to preface my review, that after this visit for Chinese, which seems to be the best of the best, I just don't like the cuisine. It's not something I'm drawn too if I had the choice.
That being said, husband and I came in here with my parents in tow for lunch last week.  The staff was uber friendly and our sweet waitress helped navigate us through the menu. The red numbers indicate the level of 'hotness' she proclaimed, but any dish can be customized to your liking.  She also put the disclaimer that if things get to hot, sip on tea and eat more rice, don't drink water! She suggested the Dan Dan noodles, after numerous recommendation from fellow yelpers, we took the plunge.  I have to say they were nice, which just the right about of heat, left a warm tingle on the tongue and not swimming in old as the rest of the dishes we had. We had the dumplings in chili oil which as the name suggested was very oily.  We also ordered the veggie dumplings since the spicy was a tad bit too much for my parents, they liked the light dough pillow puff stuffed with cabbage and not doused in sauce.
For entrees, which arrived at our table as soon as they were cooked, I had the dry pot style, spicy level taken down to a 6, I was a bit disappointed since I assumed that it would as hot as the Dan Dan, but it seems there is a slight variance in the rating system. The dish was pretty at first glance but my protein selection (beef) was scarce, and I had to pick through the rest to find it.
Husband had the Dry Pepper Style taken down to a 7 and subsquently asked for more chili oil since he claimed that it wasn't hot enough. His dish again was lacking on the beef with an overabundance of peppers. My parents had the scallion style of beef which had no heat, and the ratio for chicken to veggie looked better balanced, again, swimming in sauce.
I should have went with the chalkboard special and gone all out for the Szechuan lobster, she said it was two WHOLE lobsters prepared  Szechuan style with something. something (she lost me after two whole lobsters) but I thought that would be too much for lunch, although upon leaving, an order was being presented to the table behind us and I did all I could to not drool over the platter, it was beautiful!!

The staff was very friendly, however we had a hard time trying to get someone several times to clear our finished dishes, we actually sat them on the counter across from us. None of us were bowled over by anything that we ate but it wasn't a bad lunch, but I'm going to go against the general consensus and give her a luke warm reception.
Hell no!! The worst dining in experience I have ever had in Philadelphia. Their waitresses express their strong discrimination to Asian customers, so impatient, disrespectful and didnt even take our orders! Guys, respect yourself and dont go to this restaurant!!!!! 

Have you ever seen a waitress rowed up their freaking eye bowl up? Have you experienced a waitress trying to copy your credit card that would potentially do fraud bank transfer for their own benefit? If you come here, these horrible thing would come true. If you Don't  Wanna lost your money and being despited, don't come here!!!!
When Han Dynasty's University City location opened up, it was a godsend for all college students in the area. It is hands down my favorite restaurant in the neighborhood, and probably my most frequented as well.

At this point, I've lost track of all the different menu items I have ordered over the past couple of years. Sharing is the name of the game, so be sure to order to your heart (or stomach's) content. 

For appetizers, the tripe in chili oil is divine. The Dan Dan noodles are a must-get as well, by consensus. 

As for entrees, I like how Han Dynasty lets you choose your preparation style first and then your choice of protein. It certainly allows for a great deal of variety. Just some of my suggestions include the cumin pork, dry pot fish, and double cooked pork belly. Also, a gem located among the specials is the three cup chicken: both sweet and savory and prepared in a hot bowl so it stays warm.

My only regret with Han Dynasty is that I have never made it to its happy hour. The full bar is underrated, and one of the best cocktail places on this side of the Schuylkill. With great food and drink, Han Dynasty really has it all. No wonder there's always a wait in the evenings.
They extended the place!  When you walk in, the extension is to your left.  Although I did not make a stroll through it, it looks very lounge like and very nice.  They also have a cell phone charger!

Anyway, sorry Han for the star retraction.  Good news, the spicy cucumbers still has not failed to disappoint :)  And therefore, I still love dipping the scallion pancakes into it.  However, it just seems like those are the two things I can consistently enjoy (plus the dan dan noodles).  MF and I got the Scallion Style Lamb (stir fried in hoisin and oyster sauce with onions, scallions, and your choice of meat).  Though the sauce itself was good, the meat did not taste like lamb.  When we asked the server just to make sure, she was kind of cold about it.  Lamb has a distinct flavor, and this tasted pretty much like beef.  Sometimes I would get a hint of lamb.  So, if you want the Scallion Style, do not get the lamb.  You are paying extra money for something that tastes essentially like beef.  I'm not saying they're lying or being dishonest, but it's just weird.    

The drinks were ok.  We got some sort of punch that had coconut creme in it and it was quite blah for $9.  So I woudn't get that either.

The service from our officially designated waitress was just a bucket of suck.  She was not attentive.  She never came back to check up on anything.  She did not refill tea/water.  Also, wecame with two other people.  So two entrees = two bowls of rice.  OK, so you gave one small  bowl, but never thought about refilling it and that pricked my nerves.

NOT a fan of the University City Service.  The past two times have been below average.
This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. Since the first trip, I have been back about 20 times in the past 11 months. It redeemed itself from its first subpar performance. 

My go to dishes:

1) Spicy beef noodle soup. Its go for dining in and good to go. It's delightfully spicy and has a mix of chewy cuts of beef with tendon. 

2) Bok choy with black mushrooms. Always well done, the vegetables are flavorful, with the black mushrooms soaking up a bit f extra sauce. 

3) All of the spicy meat dishes are excellent. If you're up for something on the spicy end of the spectrum, the dry pot style, is the way to go. It is good with any pairing of meats. On the more mild end is the double cook style, which is very flavorful, and the Kung pao style, which is better than any other Kung pao dish I have ever had. 

The only other time I was disappointed in the food at Han Dynasty, is when I ordered off of the special menu. In my opinion, if you can't appreciate just little bit of spice, you may be better off dining elsewhere. I have had the shrimp and walnut, the roasted duck, and a lobster dish. All were subpar in my book. Try the previously mentioned dishes instead. 

Best Chinese food, and in my mind, best food overall in Philadelphia.
~~~ Updated ~~~ 

Han Dynasty serves semi-authentic Sichuan cuisine. Sichuan cuisine is known for its spicy and numbing flavours, courtesy of the hot peppers and Sichuan peppercorns. Han Dynasty's food is only semi-authentic, because while the food does have those classic Sichuan flavours, they also goo & sugar it up with excessive sugar and starch.

See the grade report for a handy guide to Han Dynasty's dishes: 

A-range dishes are recommended
B+ dishes are solid and are worth a shot, though not outstanding.

~~~ FOOD ~~~ 

A+ (EXCELLENT = 5 stars)
Sesame noodles (deep delicious sesame flavours!)

A (4 stars)
Dry pot fish (tender pieces of fish in a spicy chili oil & hot pepper-based sauce)
Szechuan french fries (yummy crispy potato matchsticks fried with hot peppers)

A-
Cumin style beef
Pea leaves with garlic

B+ (3 stars)
Spicy Cucumbers in Chili Oil
Scallion pancake
Cumin style lamb/tofu
Dry pot style beef
Scallion style shrimp
Cabbage with dry peppers
Bok Choy w/ Black mushrooms
Spicy and Sour Shredded Potatoes

B
Dan dan noodles
Mung bean noodle
Cumin style chicken
Double cooked style pork belly
Scallion style lamb
Hot sauce style scallops
Eggplant with garlic sauce

B- (2 stars)
Wontons (pork) in chili oil 
Hot sauce style tofu
Vegetarian ma po tofu (without pork)

C
Spicy hot pot (bland hodgepodge swimming in chili oil)
Garlic sauce style tofu/shrimp
Three Cup Chicken
Fried noodles / lo mein

D
Curry chicken

F (AVOID)
Fried veggie dumplings

~~~ DRINKS ~~~ 
Drinks are good. Nice varied beer selection. Some mixed drinks are better than others; I've enjoyed the Peach Cobbler Sazerac.

~~~ SERVICE ~~~ 
Service in the restaurant is generally helpful, although it's rather uneven and sometimes bizarre.  Recently, I was in a group planning to order the most expensive level of tasting menu available. The waiter recommended the $25 level (the second lowest level), disregarded all attempts to order the more expensive tasting menu, and basically insisted that the $25 level would be fine for us.  Then, they ended up bringing out some pretty bad, unappetizing food (i.e., C-range and below).
The Three Cup Chicken is amazing here as is the stir-fried cabbage with chili.  I actually think that it's better here than at Jane G's.  The salt and pepper jumbo shrimp and mei fun are also solid.  The mei fun comes with plenty of protein and egg.  The prices are definitely much more reasonable and the $8.50 lunch specials are fantastic.  A portion will easily last 2 meals, and the food is served very quickly.  It's also close enough to campus that a 1 hour student-faculty lunch is completely feasible.
I don't know how to begin a review of this place. It is the single best Chinese food restaurant I've ever been to, soaring high above others in Philly and on the Main Line, which I have rated highly as well. The food, the service, the speed, the drinks, the food again!

Everything about the Han Dynasty experience screamed 5 stars for me. First, the staff here needs to be commended or awarded with some kind of prize, collectively or as individuals. The service here is really beyond anything I would ever expect at any restaurant. Not only are they constantly filling my water glass and refreshing my cocktail, they are right on the money with recommendations and the food comes out at lightning speed. Extra props to the kitchen on that one too! 

When the food comes out like a bullet from a gun, it is not only piping hot, but unearthly delicious. The Dan Dan Noodles, Szechuan fries, Chili Dumplings, Dry Pepper shrimp, Crispy Rice with Chicken, Tofu Hot Pot, the list goes on and on.  The spice designations are a fun and helpful way to navigate the menu, though it should be known you can adjust the spice level on any dish to suit your tastes. We take most everything down to a 4, though I think we've gone as high as a 7! The best part is no matter how spicy something is here, the flavor comes through and wins the day.

I have never gotten something I didn't love at Han Dynasty. And I've always left with food to eat later. Most of it I've eaten that very night while standing in front of the fridge. Give it a try. And then another try later that night standing in front of your fridge. You will be in love.
Biggest grievance about this place is how they categorize their spiciness. I think they had a white guy from Minnesota do it (cue hate mail from white people/ Minnesotans). Buuuuut I get it. It's really freakin' hard to judge the levels. Because there's my Indian friend who's laughing at the 8 spicy level and then there's my mixed European friend who's dying at spice level 3. So I get it. 

After much spice calibration, I have a fondness for this place. I may be the only person alive who doesn't pine for the dan dan noodles or the spicy crispy cucumbers (both tasty items, but not reason why I crave the place). I think their strongest suit is their tasting menu. You can "choose your adventure" i.e. be adventurous or not, and you can get it for as low as $20 per person. The pricier it gets per person, the more fun food you get. And you can specify things like spice level, or mostly seafood, or please no tripe etc etc. Which I think is a lot of fun. They only do it for groups though, but it's fun on someone's birthday to know what the flat price everybody is paying and then just share everything. Love it!
This is the best Han Dynasty location, best service, best food, biggest portions and nicest decor. For drinks for dinner this is by far our favorite place to go!!! 
We are creatures of habit and we love the garlic style chicken and black bean style chicken!!
I've heard the dan dan noodles are sublime!!
Great cocktails my favorite is the night market!!
Can't wait until spring they have a fabulous patio with fire-pits for warmth and ambience, it's cozy!!
First, I must rave about the superb service we received by our waitress. We came here last Sunday after making reservations for 15 for my boyfriend's surprise birthday lunch. The waitress who was taking care of us was so helpful in all aspects. After many unexpected attendees, she quickly helped to get us settled in two tables of 12 - far surpassing the number I had reserved for. She continued to go above and beyond and helped keep our cake hidden, refrigerated, and even saved the container in case we didn't finish (which we didn't).  She put the cake back into my cooler and stored it until we were ready to leave. WOW. I'm honestly not too impressed by a lot of the customer service in the University City/Center City area, but she was truly amazing! If you're looking to throw a  party - look no further! 

Food - AMAZING. I must admit, it has taken me a couple years for me to slowly get used to it, but this time around I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and taste of the food. A fair warning though, Han Dynasty is not for the faint-hearted. Most of their dishes are quite spicy, even at a lower spice level. The dishes that are a MUST include:
- Pork Belly w/ Sweet Garlic Chili Oil Sauce ($9.95)
     Pricy appetizer, but well worth it - even for a cheap college student!
- Fish in Hot Sauce Style ($18.95)
    We tried this on a whim, and this was hands down the best dish of the day! Get this if you're up for warm and silky fish that is not too spicy, but still has a kick. Sure it's hard on your wallet, but if you are to get only one dish - this is the one for you
Dandan noodles and the dumplings or wonton with the hot spicy sesame oil are a must. I love both locations, for the great service and the wonderful owner.
Can you image that a restaurant with a high positive reputation (4 stars) provide a not fresh lobster? Last week, I did not feel good when I was driving home. There were few rashes on my neck. Immediately, I realized that the lobster was not good. 

Besides, I ordered a "Garlic Chicken" and then I got a "Curry Chicken". I could hear that waiter complaining something (according to the waiter's facial expression and mouth). To the waiter: " Recheck and repeat my order is your responsibility not mine". I have not reported and complained your bad attitude since I was worried about that you will spit on my food.

I had good experiences before, because their waiters were nice and thoughtful . But now is terrible. Waiters always ignored me when I was raising my hand, even eye contacts. I have never been ignored and treated so poorly in any establishment. I don't know what miserable and terrible things those waiters had been through in that day. But it is definitely absolutely not my fault. I pay money for good food and service instead a "Poker face" and "rude attitude". 

Sorry Han, you already be removed from my food map. It's time to explore another great Szechuan restaurant.
Han Dynasty serves semi-authentic Chinese cuisine. Sichuan cuisine is known for its spicy and numbing flavours, courtesy of the hot peppers and Sichuan peppercorns. This is not the best Sichuan food around (I prefer Chili Szechuan in West Philly) but it's about as good as it gets in University City. The restaurant itself looks nice, has a liquor licence, so it's an appropriate spot for business meals.

Han Dynasty excels in certain dishes and does a passable job on the rest -- I've graded some of their dishes for easy reference. A-range dishes are recommended. B+ dishes are solid and are worth a shot, though not outstanding.

***FOOD***

A+ (EXCELLENT)
Sesame noodles (deep delicious sesame flavours!)

A
Dry pot fish (tender pieces of fish in a spicy chili oil & hot pepper-based sauce)

A-
Cumin beef
Pea leaves
Dan dan noodles

B+
Cumin lamb
Spicy Cucumbers in Chili Oil
Cabbage with dry peppers
Bok Choy w/ Black mushrooms

B
Double cooked pork belly 
Garlic Eggplant
Hot sauce scallops
Mung bean noodle

B-
Vegetarian ma po tofu without pork

C
Fried noodles
Three Cup Chicken
Garlic sauce tofu

F (AVOID)
Fried veggie dumplings 

***SERVICE***
Service in the restaurant is not bad, although a little strange. For a table of 12 or so, they only gave us a pretty small serving bowl of rice, so we finished it quickly and had to wait to get more. Maybe it'd make more sense if they just brought out 2 serving bowls of rice for such a large table.

Delivery-wise, the service was lacking. Although I had placed a large order a day in advance, delivery was late and they didn't have all the food I'd ordered. They called me last-minute to say they'd run out of steamed brown rice. On top of it all, they didn't provide any plates/cutlery to eat with. (This was being delivered to a campus building, not a residence, so I think plates/cutlery are a pretty standard necessity.)

3.5 stars
Han Dynasty is most known for it's ability to host extremely large parties. Need a reservation for 12, shouldn't be a problem. In terms of the food, it's enjoyable but so oily and heavy. The few dishes I've ordered there have been practically swimming in oil. The best option is surely to get a bunch of items and share. I'm not sure that each dish packs in the flavor advertised on the menu, but there is a multitude of options.
Went to Han Dynasty at peak lunch hour, so a line wasn't surprising. But what was surprising -- and an utter disappointment-- was the lack of  acknowledgement from any host or hostess. There was no one to take down a name or to at least communicate the waiting time. Zero acknowledgment and information provided. whatsoever.

Very disorganized of a restaurant compounded with a lack of communication. Even though I did not try their food, I don't think I'll ever come back.
I only eat here for lunch, and only order the same thing: double cooked pork belly, no rice. This is my go- to keto lunch when I am up here. The portion is just right, delicious, and it is something I can eat every day. I would try other things, but I love the pork belly too much. Service at lunch is always fast for me, back at work in thirty minutes.

And it's not bacon, it's pork belly. :D
It was the best of meals; it was the worst of meals.  While some of the appetizers we had were delicious (a spicy noodles was superb) most of the entres were horrendous.  I don't write that lightly.  The dishes that include chili oils were literally swimming in them and were absolutely awful.  Salty.  Drenched in oil and fat.  Two other aspects of dinning here should be noted:  this restaurant delights in placing numbers in red in parentheses at the end of each item.  The scale of 1 to 10 purports to measure the heat and can be adjusted.  I am not sure how one adjusts a dish whose principal ingredient is chili oil other than to vary the amount and I certainly would be hard-pressed to distinguish between, say, a three and four.  The other thing is that this restaurant is expensive.  The bill for four of us including two glasses of wine and a beer as the total liquor tab and no desserts with tip was $170.  Three appetizers.  Four entres and a share vegetable entre.  There are other and far less expensive alternatives for those seeking good Chinese cuisine.  Some people will argue the food here is authentic and not tailored to American tastes and that if you don't like it that way, go elsewhere.  I would argue some people eat insects, dogs and haggis, too.
Quite by accident I ordered take-out here.  The Spring Rolls should have been named Oil Rolls, they were so greasy.  And the black bean chicken had no black beans insofar as I could tell.  But at least the hostess was pleasant, and offered me tea while I waited for my (overpriced) food. "Meh" just about sums it up.
I am always in the mood for Han Dynasty. We typically order every vegetarian dish on the menu and they have all been delectable.  My favorites include the crispy cucumbers (of course,) and from the veggie menu, the eggplant, the asparagus, and the pea leaves.  All are unique and perfectly cooked, not one mushy asparagus to be found at this place. 

Despite what the reviews say, everything is not super spicy, some dishes do not include spicy peppers at all.  Also, if you have dietary preferences, they alter the recipes of almost anything.  

Finally, the cocktails are ridiculously easy to drink. We ordered a Scorpion Bowl, (or two...) and realized, once we started walking home, that we couldn't feel our legs, much like if we had been bitten by an actual scorpion.  So worth it though.
SO MUCH GOOD

The dry pepper chicken, at spice level 3,was perfect. It tastes a bit dry in comparison to the kung pao chicken at spice level 3. The kung pao chicken was perfectly seasoned and super duper moist. The cumin lamb was que delicioso as well. 

You should definitely order the "spicy" crispy cucumber appetizer. It isn't spicy and wasn't at all crispy, but my parents and I used this appetizer as a way to cool our palates in between tasting the different dishes, and to cool our tongues down just in case we bit into unsuspecting chilies.

Don't deprive yourself of those free refills of rice and tea. So basic yet fills out your meal awesomely.

Be careful if you have nut allergies- despite us explicitely telling our waiter that we didn't want nuts ( I forgot specifically which dish had it), the dish still came out with a few nuts in it.
I've been a long-time fan of Han Dynasty's Royersford branch (try the authentic wonton soup!), so I went into the University City locations with high hopes. It did not disappoint. The decor is modern and attractive and the staff friendly and, well, also attractive but that's neither here nor there.

As for the food, I had the pork belly - a safe bet to be sure, but I was duly impressed. Each bite had a nice combination of meat and succulent fat, and the very spicy, slightly sweet sauce was delicious. Also of note, and somewhat unique for a Chinese restaurant, were the craft beers on tap, even some I'd never seen before, which as a beer geek I always appreciate. If you're in the city and looking for Chinese food that's high-quality without being exorbitantly  priced, I highly recommend Han Dynasty.
Han Dynasty used to be one of my favorite restaurants. I have been going there since they first started in Old City and only had one location. The food was always good and consistent, although a little pricey for Asian food. It was one of the very first to introduce and popularize szechuan-style food to the Philadelphia area. However, in recent years and on my most recent visit to their University City location, I'm not sure that I will continue to be a regular. 

I am not sure if it was the particular chef at this location, if they have Americanized their dishes, or simply changed the recipes, but I no longer enjoy the many dishes I used to love. The Dan Dan Noodles, Spicy Crispy Cucumber, and the Tea Smoked in Beer Sauce taste very different. The noodles and the cucumbers are much more sweet than before. I find that although they are still spicy, the sweetness overpowered any spiciness in the dish. It was still good, but as far as authenticity and overall taste, it was not what it used to be. 

Additionally, the smoked duck WAS ALL BONES! There never was that much meat on the duck itself, but this time it seemed like they tore off all the meat on the duck and used it for another dish and gave us the leftovers. For $18.95, this is a rip-off. The flavor is good, but not enough to compensate because the rest of the dish is just filler ingredients. 

The cucumber used to be coated and soaked in chili oil, but now it is in a creamy, spicy/sweet sauce. The taste is weird and strange. 

I might give it another chance, at least at the Old City location, but is it one of my favorites still, not really.
Ordered a take out! So this review is only based on price and food and the take out experience. 

We ordered the homemade style tofu and dry pepper chicken. The dry pepper chicken is shooo goodd with lots of msg which we all love, right?  
The portion of the rice was generous. I do have to wait for a while for the food to arrive, around 1.5 hours (I live not too far away). Will try the dine in experience next time. Recommended!
My colleagues try to get to Han Dynasty at least twice a month. We always get noodles in chili oil, dan dan noodles, cucumbers, wontons, or cold sesame noodles for apps. I love the double cooked fish, pickled chili style, and the spicy hot pot (which is enough for 3 people!). What's nice is that during weekday lunch they serve smaller (not by much) and less expensive lunch portions. It's a little bit pricey but well worth it. A group of 5 usually goes and it comes to about 20 bucks a person after tax/tip - buts that's with 3 appetizers. Han Dynasty has it's own flavor which I have never tasted any where else - it's a bit addictive.
Han Dynasty is legit and Love their family style platters. Great for groups and could order a few things to share. I do wish they'd bring back their garlic wings. Despite the heartbreak from the wings there's a good selection from noodle dishes and ability to customize spice levels.
Let me begin by stating that I'm very skeptical of 'chain' restaurants serving anything but sandwiches/salads/soups but I was pleasantly surprised when my husband got me to try Han Dynasty. After my first visit I quickly became a fan! They have flavorful food that you can customize to your level of 'spice comfort' and generous portion sizes that can easily be split between 4 people. I have been to both the U City and Old City locations -- food was equally good at both. Whenever I have family/friends visiting they are always asking about this place and I find myself always going back. Plan to call ahead of time to avoid the wait because this place is popular!
I love this place.  Okay, maybe it's more of an obsession.  I know what's gonna happen when we go.  Dan dan noodles, so perfectly rich and spicy that I end up eating the whole bowl.  Spicy cucumbers - used to be better but my wife insists on ordering them every time - so I end up eating the whole bowl.  And then I eat the whole plate of double cooked fish.  You get the idea.  Yes, there is usually a stomachache at the end of the experience, but you have to go "10" for spice.  Go big or go home, right?
An epic fail on so many counts. A true tragicomedy. Possibly because a friend had talked it up and we didn't realize it only was for the spicy dry entrees...

Three of us ordered Spicy Beef Noodles. Now, generally speaking, beef noodles and beef noodle soup does not come in a bowl of chili oil. It's in a soy sauce-based soup with some chili paste or chilis. Our noodles were drenched in oil, and it was disgusting. Sure, I read the Chinese and it said "Szechuan beef noodles" but nowhere on the menu did it say "will arrive in a BOWL of chili oil." Two of my friends asked to switch to the other soup, but still, the noodles were slick in oil and slimy. 

Then there was the "Crispy Rice style." Excuse me, what crispy rice? The dish arrived with vegetables soaked in cornstarch and sauce on top, so obviously the rice at the bottom was no longer crispy when it arrived on the table. The vegetables and pork were covered in a super vinegary sauce - it was so sour that there was no "sweet," as mentioned on the menu.

And the final horror - the order of dumplings. I have never even seen dumplings that looked as terrible as they tasted. These? Gods forbid I ever have to even see it. One bite and my friend was done with the dumplings. 

The only decent dish was a friend's spicy dry pepper style, because it's hard to mess up fried chicken when half the dish is chili peppers.

None of these dishes had any complexity of flavor you'd find in a proper Szechuan (or any style of regional Chinese) restaurant. These dishes were even worse than most American-Chinese takeout foods. Even Panda Express tastes better than the horror show we were presented with.
I love everything about this place. I've been going to HD for years and have never had a bad experience. I usually get the same thing every time but almost anything you get is going to be great. 

I always start with dan-dan noodles and dumplings in chil oil. Then for the main course I get the dry pepper chicken or fish, kung-pao chicken or tofu, and garlic beef. 

The U-City location tends to be a little Spicer than the others so be prepared for that. This place is awesome check it out!
Women waitresses, need to seriously be replaced. I am not sexist, I just don't know their names, so I have to resort to generalizations. But after going through this ordeal, I probably should be.

Before I go on my rant, I'd just like to credit waiters like Kevin and the manager ( bald guy) who were phenomenal because they actually do their jobs and build personal relationships with new customers even when they aren't my servers, and therefore have no incentive for doing so. That is not just customer service, it shows great personal character as well. Because I could do nothing for them as far as tips, but they were still helpful anyway.

However, I seldom get Kevin and I ALWAYS get the increasingly incompetent women waitresses who don't do their jobs correctly and that is what destroyed the whole Han Dynasty experience for me. 

Every time I come in, the place is not that busy at all, so there shouldn't be any excuses for any customer mistreatment. For example I was there the other day, one of only three people in the dining room during lunch, my water was never filled, and I had to get up out of my seat to ask someone else for extra rice because she never came back to see how I was doing. I even had to get back up to ask her ( the white, slinky waitress ) to bring my check. When she gave me my check she didn't come back for 20 minutes. She wasn't even busy, she was counting her tips about 5 tables away from me. Kevin saw this neglect and processed my payment for me. I wanted to tip Kevin. I should have put zero dollars on the tip but I felt guilty.

I actually just started coming here, and I have been buying food for the past couple weeks, both takeout and eat-in. No more. 

The dishes aren't difficult to make; pork belly appetizer, and dry pepper fish can be made at home. I will be going to China Town today to buy my ingredients instead of dealing with the crappy hospitality that the waitresses provide.

Overall, the experience is ZERO Stars.

Food, however, is phenomenal. But when eating in, hospitality prevails over food. And I am not paying for OVERPRICED food from a restaurant that is void of customer service skills, unless of course, you get a male waiter, which is rare.
Beef. It's what's for dinner. 

But I ordered tofu! It wasn't until I consumed my dish did I realize that it wasn't what I ordered. Han Dynasty successfully tricked a long-time vegetarian into eating meat. I thought I was safe there; I had been before. 

The server was very apologetic and said they would rush a new dish out to me. When it came, it felt like the same amount of time had gone by since my first order. The dish was devoid of flavor and my spice level was in the negative; it came as a three, I asked for a five. I ate it anyway because I was so hungry. 

When the check came, my dish was incorrect and a few dollars more than what I asked for. The same server apologized again and brought me the correct check. 

After paying, I chatted with the manager about the situation. He offered a halfhearted apology saying that they are without a head chef and that was the cause of the day's unfortunate events. I was particularly upset that because of them I ate meat. I think that's pretty egregious; the manager saw it as a mild inconvenience.
I visit the 3700 Market location as often as I dare.  If you are a fan of spicy Chinese food this is the place for you.  I am a lover of all foods Asian, and I must say that this restaurant is NOT representative of any Chinese restaurant that I have ever been to. The owner of the restaurant found a way to perfectly master the blending of Asian spices to create the most delicious dishes. I have never been more fond of anise or Schezwan peppers. Even the staff is great!  They are knowledgeable about the menu offerings and ever changing draft and cocktail selections.    
If you do not like spicy food, this place may not be for you.  There are a few tame things on the menu - 3 cup chicken or salt and pepper shrimp if you MuSt...Spice level can also be reduced for all entrees.

I can't possibly cover all the things on the menu that I love so I'll just list a few.

Dan Dan Noodles - Heat scale 6ish  
OMG, I have no idea how something so simple can be made to taste so fabulously.

Cucumber in chili sauce - Heat scale 6ish  
I didn't order this appetizer for ages because it sounds a little pointless, but what the title and menu neglect to mention is that the sauce that these crispy cucumber nuggets is in is only slightly less amazing than the Dan Dan noodle sauce.  

Cumin Lamb -  Heat scale 6ish
I hate lamb, really I do.  I will take that hatred to the grave. There is something that Han Dynasty does to the lamb that makes it sing - yes SING.  There is no way to describe it.  Lamb is the best meat for this dish

Hot Sauce Fish - Heat scale 7
What a delicious masochistic blend of gently fried fish, garlic, red pepper flakes and other special spices.  

Dry Pot shrimp or fish - Heat scale 10++
This is the spiciest Chinese dish I have ever eaten.  I prefer to share this with groups of people so I don't hurt myself too much because it is truly addictive.  If you can take the heat, get in the kitchen with this dish.  It will not disappoint!

I have had a host of other Chef specials and mixed drinks, and I loved them all. This place is a little pricier than I prefer due to my addiction, but the cost doesn't come close to keep me or the droves of loyal customers away.
There's good and then there's places you dream about nightly and obsess over.  Han Dynasty is the latter.  

I've eaten the entire menu, many times over, never in one sitting but this is one of the rare restaurants that I go that I force myself to order something different every time.  It is all good.  Of course there's always the favorites that I have to get (most of them packed into delis for a late night snack, breakfast and lunch the next day).  

Dan Dan Noodles and Scallion Pancakes are a must have.  And if you're going to eat them there, order seconds to take home.  There is nothing better than a bowl of Dan Dan with a side of Scallion pancakes; you'll thank me later.  

My ultimate though is the hot pot, super spicy, with chili oil on the side.  The heat from the chili oil hurts so bad it's good...too bad When Harry met Sally it wasn't in Han Dynasty.  Then the sichuan peppercorns kick in with their insane numbing effects on your tongue and lips.  Your body doesn't know what to do, worry about the heat or the fact that your lips are vibrating like a quarter operated bed in a cheap motel.  Yes, the hot pot is my ultimate pleasure.
I realize during COVID they're doing the best they can but I was really upset with the food I got at han dynasty. My sister was visiting and I had really high hopes of her trying Szechuan food and especially their Dan dan noodles because they're known for it, but was very disappointed. They said to come in 15-20 minutes and i came about 17 minutes later and they had it ready so no complaints there, but the noodles themselves tasted as if they had been sitting in the sauce for over a day because they were very soggy and didn't taste good. And because they were soggy they clumped together making the meal pretty gross. We also got cold sesame noodle which also wasn't good, it became a warm sesame noodle by the time we got it. They must've just let the food sit there or something. Maybe this isn't one of those places that's good for take out and better enjoyed in person
What a great place to dine.  Hope you don't mind really spicy food because the food here packs a lot of heat.   The interior is really nice and modern and doesn't feel like a typical Chinese restaurant.  The cocktails and beer list is quite impressive.  The Han Dynasty beer was my favorite.   

Before you order your food you can ask them to make the dishes less spicy.  They have it numbered between 1-10.   My favorite dishes were the dan dan noodles, Spicy Crispy Cucumber, Beef Dry Pot Style, Pork Belly Double Cooked Style, pea leaves and Mapo Tofu.
This place is seriously the bee's knees.

Service is amazing. Our server was so cool, cracking jokes left and right. Also very serious though. Super knowledgeable of the menu as well as the whole gluten free issue below.

First of all, my little brother has celiac so HAS to eat gluten free (like legit gluten free, no cross contamination, no "im just on a diet" nonsense). They offer EVERYTHING on their menu as gluten free. I personally loveeeeee rice noodles so I was all about sharing with him. 

My favorite apps: dan dan noodles, spicy crispy cucumbers, dumplings in chili oil. I certainly eat more than most people but dining with three people, this is PLENTY. Everything on their menu is sharing style so don't come with your picky friends (we all have some).

All of the hot pots are exceptional. To date, my favorite was one we ordered off of the special menu..................................... Sorry I was just wiping the drool off of my face. Half kidding.

We ordered pork shoulder in a spicy brown sauce filled with bok choy, eggplant, green beans, and other veggies. The pork was crispy on the outer layer and just the right amount of juicy fat. It was so succulent and literally fell off the bone

Between three of us, we no where near finished. But I had an awesome lunch the next day! 

They offer some decent craft beers and have a few TVs which can be great if you're dragging someone to dinner and they can't miss "their" game (I still don't understand how the game belongs to them).

PS. The prices are insanely cheap and I am still unsure why but I will not be complaining anytime soon.
Boy did I miss the ol' Han Dynasty... once he left Exton to his parents it just wasn't the same. But here its hitting on all cylinders. Ordered up a mix of lamb cumin, pork belly, dry pot beef, etc. Nicely portioned and priced lunch dishes (think larger than an app, but smaller than a dinner plate). 
PS - Bartender did great on the caprahinna's after we taught him the ropes. 

if you're a fan of GOOD Chinese, put HD on the list. Damn I wish it were closer...
I went to this Han Dynasty for lunch a few weeks after it had opened with a few friends. I've been to the one in Old City and know how ~incredible~ it is, so I had high expectations. Though I'm not even a big fan of Asian food in general, I was very pleased with my experience!

The setup of this restaurant is really modern, clean, and chic. We were seated in a back corner, as we had quite a few people, at a family-style round table. The restaurant easily accommodated our few latecomers. Our server was upbeat, knowledgeable about the menu, and ensured our waters were filled throughout our time there. 

I ordered the Dan Dan Noodles, a Han Dynasty classic. However, our server informed me that they were made with meat... but then told me that he could specifically make them vegetarian for me, which he did! And they were awesome. This HUGE portion (seriously, I was able to eat it for dinner that night and lunch and dinner the next day) was spicy and peppery as claimed, perfectly cooked, and incredibly flavorful. All of my friends were pleased with their dishes too.

The staff was cordial enough to take a photo of our group for me at the end of our meal, too, which I appreciate... it's actually ridiculously hard to find waitstaff willing to do that without complaining or denying you.

Just a note: when you're going in for lunch, make sure to ask for a lunch portion--you still get a pretty hefty meal, and for only half the price!
Han Dynasty serves some pretty solid Szechuan food, and it's one of my favorite places to eat in West Philly/University City. The ambiance is nice, the service is good, the prices are affordable, and the food, of course, is good. It's really enjoyable if you like spicy food, though they also have milder options.

The Dan Dan noodles are a must-have here - they are spicy and flavorful, and can be made vegetarian if needed. I also really enjoy the dumplings in chili oil, which are unlike dumplings I've had before. I've also had a number of their other dishes and vegetables, and each time they've been really good - it just depends on what you're in the mood for. Today, I had the Dry Fry Pork, which was so spicy, but so good. I also really like that they serve you hot tea with the food. The food is really, really oily though, so you do feel kind of tired after eating. 

Definitely recommend it!
LISTEN TO ME HAN DYNASTY.
Never change!!
Hands down my favorite Chinese food in town. I'm vegan, and *love* the range of tofu options here - crispy fried in Dry Pepper? Omg yes. Pressed in scallion sauce? Oh yeah. Soft and slurpy in veggie mapo?!? ABSOLUTELY.

On top of the delicious food, the staff is diverse, chill, and easygoing in the way that makes it seem like Han Dynasty isn't a terrible workplace. Even more pluses for: private bro-free sports bar! They will put on your game at the bar with subtitles.

Oh and VEGGIE DAN DAN NOODLES FOREVER.
You can't go wrong with any of the menu items at Han Dynasty. Usually, my bf and I order WAY MORE than we can eat and have to take leftovers home. 

Check out the:
- dan dan noodles (pork optional)
- mapo tofu (a little bit spicy)
- tea-smoked duck
- three-cup chicken (it's sweet and sticky, almost like orange chicken!)
- dry-pot style lamb (you can adjust the spicy ness level according to your taste)
- salt and pepper shrimp (crispy and lightly fried, served on a bed of cabbage)
Terrify service. The service I had experienced today was the worst service ever. Got pull off 5 glasses of water from a waiter on my whole body.. No apology, no service, no one cares, one of the guy gave me a tshirt tho, thanks alot. And the most unacceptable point is they fixed the service charge as 18% after all this terrible serviced (no service). Honestly, I'm a fans of han dynasty, but I'm so disappointed about what happened today.
My go-to place for Chinese food in University City.

I've been coming here for a while (sometimes a little too much), but that is because of how good the food is. On top of that, the staff is also super courteous and friendly. 

Things to know:
* There is a lunch special menu which is $4-5 cheaper per entree, 11-3 on weekdays.
* All the entrees come with unlimited rice.
* There's all sorts of options to accommodate everyone (not too sure about vegan and the like though)

Recommendations:
* Double-cooked pork belly
* Mapo tofu
* dry pepper chicken
* DanDan noodles
The food here rocks my world. Dan dan noodles and dry pepper style are my favorites. Staff is great, too. I suggest getting one fewer dishes than your party size, and ordering the dan dan noodles or another appetizer instead of the final dish. You'll have plenty to eat.

Not sure if this location has the same "60% price for 60% size dish" lunch deal as Old City.

If they would turn down the lights, the ambience would be much improved. It's such a nice place, but being so bright really detracts.
Awesome! Had the crispy spicy cucumber,  dan dan noodles, pork belly entree and wontons app. Spicy, but not unbearably so. Also did the check-in through yelp and got the cucumber app for free, good tip!
I have came here several times before, the food here is authentic Chinese dish and awesome. Noodles and beef are tasty. The ambiance and the service is perfect, and the price is very decent. Owner is great too.

My recommendations are Dry spicy Chicken, Pork Belly in Garlic Sauce, and Pea Leaves w/ Garlic. Strongly suggest you to make a reservation, since too many ppl waiting in front of gate.
FANTASTIC. This was my first meal in Philly since moving here!!! And it was so amazing. The Dan Dan noodles, as everyone suggests, are wonderful!
The beef and egg soup (can't remember the name) had great flavor but the beef was pretty dry. 
Whole fish and pork belly were also delicious. Great service and great food! Seriously, will be back and recommend.
While Han in Olde City is an eccentric, bossy, know-it-all kinda host. Catherina in University City is the most friendly, welcoming hostess you could find in any restaurants. Han Dynasty in UCity is definitely better than the original since it's a lot loftier with free parking, a nice bar area, a higher end venue altogether. It always have space to accommodate a large party like my friends and I. The staff here is way more professional. Instead of giving off that "you're lucky to dine here" vibe, they give you a sense that they really want you to be there. 

My favorite dish is still the double cook fish, the sesame noodle, beef and tripe in chili oil and pork belly in garlic sauce, but they have an UCity specific special menu with special items. During Chinese new year, they had a special special menu with stir-fried razor clams shaped like a peacock that was superb. Fried Taiwanese sausage is sweet and unlike the traditional Chinese sausages I had. Three cup chicken is also sweet little chunks of delights.

With such a welcoming crew, no wonder Han Dynasty is expanding and opening up more and more stores catering to people who wants to add more spice in their life. One of them just happens to be Jose Garces. I spotted him and his family dining the other night and I was star struck only to be too chicken s#*t and too polite to disrupt a family dinner to get my pictures taken with him. But if the Iron Chef comes here for his kick, it must be good, right?
My first experience here was during their soft opening several months ago. The experience then was great and it has only improved. The staff is always helpful and friendly. The hostesses are as hot as the food. The food is delicious and there are great choices for every spice range. I came recently with a vegetarian and there were plenty of options to choose from. Their beer selection is fantastic and varied for a restaurant not beer-centric. Try the cold sesame noodle, they are to die for!
Our Friday night go to.

Staff: 
Always friendly. Love the bartenders

Atmosphere:
Young adults, not a super young college crowd. 

Food:
Awesome. I've had the garlic chicken, dan dan noodles, and dumplings in chili oil- no complaints.

Down side:
I went with a group of friends (5 people) and we weren't allowed to split the bill on more than 2 credit cards, semi annoying but nothing unexpected.
I am so glad I finally got to experience Han Dynasty before I moved. It was completely worth the wait. We enjoyed a really great lunch here, with leftovers for dinner. Excellent beer selection (usual for Philly). Started with the dan dan noodles and the dumplings in chili oil. I could totally eat those noodles every day for a month. Tons of flavor and spice. The dumplings were perfectly cooked and the chili oil adds a nice kick. My husband had the dry pepper style with shrimp and said it was even better as leftovers. I had the scallion style because I was nervous about the spice level. Good, but wish I went with a dish with more kick! Prices, service, selection is top notch - will  miss this not living in Philly!
When can I go back? I'd like to go back.

My friends and I didn't order correctly because we each ordered a family size platter. Whoops. They ended up being great leftovers and we were very happy the entire time. The host was also great about being accommodating with the reservation.

Yes to the spicy cucumbers, absolutely. Next time, I will try the Dan Dan Noodles.
This is definitely one of my favorite spots to eat at in University City. It is pretty close by to the campus area, which I love. Prices are affordable and portion sizes are decent as well.

I always order my staple favorites-- vegetable Dan Dan noodles, scallion pancakes, and the Kung Pao style tofu. I've also tried the hot sauce style tofu, which was incredible but not as incredible as the Kung Pao style tofu. I wasn't a huge fan of the garlic style tofu, so I haven't ordered it again since the first time I tried it (though I do know others who swear by it). The Dan Dan noodles are absolutely incredible. Such a seemingly simplistic recipe-- the vegetable Dan Dan noodles are literally just noodles with a spicy peanuty sauce (downside is vegetable Dan Dan noodles don't come with any sort of protein, like tofu) but I honestly always find myself craving these noodles. Another great part about the Han Dynasty dining experience is the ability to customize your order depending on spice level. Their dishes follow a 1 to 10 scale, 1 being extremely mild and 10 being extremely hot (caution: very, very spicy). Their dishes come with a suggested spice number, but you can always change it. I usually stick with a 7 for the vegetable Dan Dan noodles and it is extremely, EXTREMELY spicy for me but that's the way I love experiencing the explosion of flavors.

The dine-in experience is smooth and memorable. Waitresses and waiters are friendly and genuine; sometimes they'll talk to you about your specific tastes and food preferences before suggesting dishes off of the menu according to your likes and dislikes. Their delivery service is great as well-- my friends and I don't mind paying the small delivery fee (~$4) for fairly fast service and decent portion sizes. 

Definitely recommend hitting up Han Dynasty if you are in the University City area. It's hard to come by high quality Asian food at affordable prices. You won't regret it!
Best Chinese food had so far in Philadelphia during a 4-day trip which I go Chinese every dinner after sandwiches for lunch. Tried dry pot tofu and sesame noodle, fantastic! They seasoned the tofu not just with hot sauce like most of the Chinese restaurants. Their cooking actually has a real onion, celery, bamboo shoot, and garlic on a fire pot. Taste great! The sesame noodle may seem to be a simple dish, but they have it in an authentic flavor. There are obvious differences versus other sesame noodles with only soy sauce and msg.
The service is very considerate. too. They asked for my diet habit and introduced the spicy levels on the menu. In general, great place and would definitely come back again.
I do not think this place warrants the praise that it has received: the food was just OK and the service was atrocious.

Food: I ordered the highly acclaimed Dan Dan Noodles which I would not suggest. The sauce was oily and I'm still confused whether it was OK or awful, the noodles on the thicker side, and the pork was very minimal and very hard. Not browned and crispy, but hard - like I was concerned about breaking a tooth. Also, there were few vegetables on the menu, and the Noodles came with no vegetables in it.  If you want to eat a big bowl of noodles and oil, great!

Service: I walked in and stood next to the host stand for 2 minutes. A girl holding an iPad (used for their seating system) and looking down into the screen walks right into me on the way to the host stand - looks up and says "Um...is there something I can help you with?" Yes, there is, since I am standing here waiting to be seated. She was awfully confused when I said a table for 1 - and then she went to play with the iPad more. The (I assume) manager motioned me toward this table and I said no - this was the kind of table you seat parties of 1 at. This is something I do not understand when I can see 3 open tables (2-tops) open and plenty of 4-tops. I have worked in restaurants and this is NOT appropriate. Then there was more confusion between him and the host and I finally just sat down. The server came over and said "So...what can I do for you?" - um, hi? hello? Welcome to Han Dynasty? Everyone else who came to my table to deliver food didn't say a word and merely grunted when I said anything. I am not a high maintenance restaurant diner, so for me to feel this negatively about service, something was certainly wrong.

So long, Han Dynasty. I will never be back.
Words cannot describe how good this place really is.  Granted, I love Chinese food and very spicy food - and I think you definitely need to like both to appreciate this place.  I've gone there several times with people that weren't crazy about Asian food or didn't like spicy food, and they weren't nearly as impressed (they may have even swayed to side of not liking this place entirely).

With that said, I love it.  At every generic Chinese take-out, I order the food extra spicy and never even feel a bit of heat.  I don't have that problem here!

As for specific food, yes, the Dan Dan Noodles are incredible.  I'd also highly recommend the "wontons in chili oil." As for the full-size meat entrees, I really love the dry pepper style  (but, we warned, it's an 8 - and it earns every bit of that ranking).

Haven't tried this place yet for take-out.  Hopefully, I'll get the chance soon.  

All in all, if you like Chinese/Spicy food, I highly recommend! You can't leave Philly without trying this place.
It is 10:34 at night.  I placed an order for delivery at 9:15.  I just got a call from the delivery person saying the kitchen is closed.  I asked if the kitchen was closed at 9:15 when I placed the order.  It wasn't.  But it is closed now and they aren't delivering my food.  I waited over an hour for my food and AN HOUR LATER they called just to say they aren't delivering it.  While technically this is the delivery service that Han Dynasty contracts with - they contract with a really crummy service that doesn't actually deliver your food.  I used to eat here all the time, but I won't support a restaurant that has customer service that is this poor.
I'm a long time fan of Han Dynasty in old city, and I was ecstatic to hear there would be a restaurant close to where I work.  The food is just as good as I have come to expect from Han Dynasty (Oh God, the Dan Dan Noodles), but I think the service was even better.  The food came out quickly and the waiters were attentive and helpful.  I will definitely going back for lunch way more frequently then is strictly good for my diet.
This place is inconsistent. The service here was terrible this Wednesday night that we went. The hostess claimed that the only seating available indoors was at the bar. The bar was an extreme inconvenience to share food. It made our entire dining experience extremely uncomfortable, especially since we saw 2, 3 empty tables. When we asked whether we could sit there instead, the hostess told us they were all reserved in a cold rude way. Really!?!!?!?!? NO ONE CAME IN AND SAT AT THOSE TABLES THE ENTIRE TIME WE WERE THERE. Can you please STOP pretending that you're that busy!!?!?!?! We might have been more understanding if the short asian hostess was more courteous. However, she had a poor attitude that night, and the previous times I've been here as well. A hostesss job is the most important because it is the first thing a customer experiences when he/she come into the restaurant. When someone has a sour attitude it automatically ruins the night

The food was kind of inconsistent too. I've ordered the Taiwanese sausage fried rice several times here. The first time I was here, they cooked it without white onion. Some other times thereafter, they cooked it with onions. My friend wanted them to cook it without the white onion this time, but for some reason, this was a really difficult task. The bartender with a diastema (google diastema) said that "oooh but they sautee the onion in." Yes, but please saute without it, it is doable. We've had it before. What are you going to do if someone is actually allergic to onions?!?!?! Just don't add the ingredient. We didn't want to deal with the bartender's incompetence so we just ordered it with the sauteed onions anyways. It also annoyed me that he asked us whether we wanted to add soy sauce to the fried rice. The previous times we came, soy sauce was not added. That's how regular Taiwanese sausage fried rice is made. When we told him we wanted the regular fried rice, he replied with"Yeh but there are two kinds, one with and without". No, the regular kind is without soy sauce, which we've had loads of times. The bartender was also extremely slow. He had some trouble with our bill too. There should be an actual waiter in the bar area. The bartender should stick to chatting up customers. Don't expect any efficient service from him.

The food that night was below average. We also ordered the three cup chicken which was pretty Americanized. I didn't care for it. Although, I do know that this is a Sichuan restaurant, so it's understandable that it's not amazing here. The cabbage that was too oily and flavorless (it was actually pretty good the previous times times I had it before). It tasted like the sauted bean sprout I had here at a prior visit - oily and tasteless. Han Dynasty, please lay off the oily, and remember to add salt to your vegetables.

The cold sesame noodle was the only redeeming thing of that night. The service needs to be improved. One of my friends said that last time he was here, he had a strange dining experience as well. His waiter got on to his knees to take orders. I'm not one to care about good service that much, however when the food we want is not up to par, it bothers me a lot more. I'll be back despite such an unpleasant dining experience. Hopefully that incompetent bartender and that rude hostess will not be there.
I cannot forget my very first experience at Han Dynasty in Exton, but my first experience at Han Dynasty in University City validates my love of this dynasty of restaurants :-)

Scallion pancakes: what?  This was just a starter, of course, but was very appetizing because they stayed crispy throughout the meal.
Mapo Tofu w/Minced Pork: I am a huge fan of tofu, and it usually doesn't matter what cooking style it is, as long as it's tasty and makes me want to have more during the meal and afterwards as leftovers.  This dish did just that!
Dry pepper style chicken: I believe that I had this dish at another Sichuan restaurant in Chinatown...and I actually didn't sense any difference in either one, which meant that they were equally yummy :P
There was another chicken dish that we had in which the chicken was stir-fried with bell peppers (and probably other ingredients that I have totally forgotten since then).  How can you resist bell peppers stir-fried to perfection with MEAT or SHRIMP, really?  

I would suggest having a non-spicy dish in the mix of dishes that you have if you are like me and prefer the balance of spicyness.  I can go crazy, but only if I have something non-spicy besides water and rice to distinguish the flames in my mouth.  I will admit that Han Dynasty has desensitized me ;-) So beware --  you may become a spicy food junkie after only a couple of experiences at a Han Dynasty!
I had the dry pepper style shrimp and the kung pao chicken about 5 days ago for dinner with some friends.  I had the dumplings as an app and a few cocktails, the mule and the gimlet.  

I've been to solid Sichuan restaurants in the past few years, and this one is easily up there with the best.  The food is flavorful and spicy (it's Sichuan cuisine, come on).  The service was prompt and they treated me and my friends well.  We had reservations and the hostess (hot) was nice and sat us quickly.  

All in all a solid experience and I will be coming back.
Han Dynasty's food is generally flavourful, although often very oily (i.e., swimming in oil, not in a good way.)  Decent beer selection.  Good service.  

I'll review the food roughly in (descending) order of preference:

1. The highlight of the meal for me was the SESAME NOODLES, which were delicious and more deeply flavoured than versions served elsewhere.  Definitely want those noodles again.

2.  I also enjoyed the Cucumbers in Chili Oil, Garlic sauce tofu, as well as some fairly standard though well-prepared Pea leaves, Bok Choy w/ Black mushrooms, and Eggplant.

3.  Hot sauce scallops were breaded and deep-fried, and silken in texture inside -- the core of the scallop was still raw and soft.  Only problem was that the dish was so oily that I couldn't pick up any pieces of cabbage or other food wo/ picking up tons of oil with it.

4. Thinly sliced Double cooked pork belly is flavourful with leeks.  Texture could be improved -- pork seemed a bit overcooked.

5. Many dishes are dominated by the smoky-spicy flavours of Szechuan peppercorns.  It's worth a try if you like spicy & haven't had them before.  These dishes (Vegetarian ma po tofu without pork, Mung bean noodle) were not my personal favourites although they were definitely flavourful.

6. Fried veggie dumplings were disappointing:  the dumpling skin was much too thick & the filling was on the bland side.  I would avoid these.  My dining companions also apparently felt the same way; nobody seemed to want more dumplings after they had tried their first.

All in all, it was pretty good (especially by Philly standards) & I'd definitely return for Sesame noodles and some of the other dishes.
The first time I had Han Dynasty was pre-Covid years ago and the food was really great. Last night we ordered takeout via Grubhub and it was ready for pickup in 10 minutes. So a star or 2 for being ready so fast! 

We ordered Dan Dan noodles, Chicken Dumplings,  House Special Fried Rice and Spring Rolls. 

Dan Dan and House Special Fried Rice are always winners for me. They have the only Fried rice that doesn't require you to douse it in soy sauce. So good and flavorful! Now those spring rolls? I'll pass on buying those again. They were super small. I mean they could fit in a kid's hand and bland. Not worth the $5 price tag..Nor were the Dumplings. The small box had 4 dumplings for $8 and just weren't very good.  

I won't count them out but the experience of dining in here is just so much better. Food tends to lose its luster once its thrown into takeout containers. Sigh.
I always have a good time and a good meal here. It's one of those places I come when I can't really figure out what to eat, but I know that I want something delicious, and am too famished to spend much time thinking about it. The food is always great and the drinks are pretty good also. I've always sat at the bar here, because it's usually pretty packed. My favorite dishes are the ones with lamb. Make sure to pay attention to the numbers listed in parentheses following each dish. They really DO indicate spiciness. Service has always been on point also. This is definitely my preferred location of this chain.
Every time I eat there, I constantly find myself wondering why I don't go back more often. First off, get the punch bowl if you're of age. It's awesome to share, it's fun, it's got some strength to the alcohol, and it's delish. But mostly just fun - comes in a huge bowl and is super colorful with silly straws. 

On top of that, the food is solid solid solid. I love places that have family style eating because I always just think it's more fun that way. It's also kinda fun arguing with friends about what level heat you think the meal should be. But anyway, I think the food is delicious. I've tried almost all their entrees now and have never been disappointed in any of them. I almost always get a fried rice which (shockingly) pairs well with any of the entrees. Oh also. The wonton soup is great - I'd say slightly above your standard wonton soup, which is certainly worth noting. 

Can't speak to authenticity of the Szechuan style of food, but I think it's a great spot. Great ambience, would definitely recommend for a fun type of evening, especially if you get the punch bowl, which seems to be underrated and not spoken about enough in reviews.
