I'm all for expanding my palate and opening up to new cultures and experiences... and South Philly is an excellent place to do so. A hole in the wall, Mom & Pop joint is usually where you'll find the best, authentic universal eats. That was definitely true when my husband and I day-dated at this uber small, casual corner Indonesian spot. 

We weren't sure exactly what to expect. It's a order at the counter, paper plate kind of place. It is decorated with traditional masks, which I couldn't get enough of!! There is a regular menu, but we chose to split one of their 'choose your own' from the buffet plates since it was our first time. Apparently certain dishes are only available on the weekends, so I suggest that's when you come if you're a newby! You order, they serve it up, you pay at the traditional food cart truck inside and eat at a plastic covered table. Casual. Simple. There are a few two tops, but some are communal, which adds to the intimate experience. 

We first went for the Telor Tafu Kalio (tofu egg curry) and the tofu/tempeh dish in a type of soy sauce. It was served over a huge plate of rice. If it weren't for hubs I would've definitely subbed the rice for a green which didn't seem to be an issue. These would up being our top two dishes with the Onseg tempeh being number one! (It does have some natural cane sugar if anyone is wondering). 

We actually went back for a second plate to split and this time I insisted on the collard greens which were sooooo good. We also tried the Gudeg, the jackfruit, and more of the tofu egg curry. The jackfruit was fine and I'm sure for jackfruit fans this is very good. I've just finally decided after giving it a good shot over the years, that I'm just not a fan of it in its original form. (It's often used for vegan "meat" substitute in dishes like crab cakes etc. Now, that that I like!) 

The flavors were excellent and quite interesting overall. It's very different than many cuisines in this region of the world that I'm familiar with. 

As we were leaving we saw a couple going to town in their sampler plate. It's 8 smaller choices from the buffet with two chicken satay and rice for $35. I would highly recommend this for other new folks so you can try more! It was impressive looking!! 

I was actually shocked to discover that I would indeed bring the kiddos here. We took advantage of trying this place without them and we really didn't need to. There's definitely enough options for kids! 

There's a ton of vegan and vegetarian options here! Thank you! Other veg-friendly options beside the ones we ordered are veggie fritters, tempeh fritters, a couple of potato dishes, an eggplant dish and stewed veggies also. 

They offer a variety of fun fruit drinks. Coconut, fruit with milk and a refreshing one. I'm not sure of the names. While we didn't really recognize the fruit, we loved our pure fruit drink and it's pretty pink color, too. 

Cash or card. No minimum 
Parking is Street only and a cinch! 
The employees were all so knowledgeable of each meal and were friendly. They surely helped us obvious non-regulars out. I'm pretty sure they were all family. I enjoyed seeing old photos on the wall of the fam back in Indonesia! 

Another awesome hidden gem in South Philly/Point Breeze!
tl;dr this no-frills hole-in-the-wall in Point Breeze cooks up authentic, delicious Indonesian fare

With only an unassuming sign and bright yellow door to indicate that they even exist within their residential neighborhood, Hardena is a prime hole-in-the-wall. Open up the front door to immediately be greeted by aromas of spices and stews, making your stomach grumble before even making it to the counter. Rolling chairs and gaudy tablecloths are crammed into the tiny space, while cultural ornaments line the bright orange walls.

On a Sunday at 6:30PM, Hardena had a short line, but each of the few seats was taken. My partner ordered from the counter, while I scoped out seats when they became available. The woman behind the counter helpful in explaining all of the items while we ordered. 

My partner and I shared the Rijsttafel Plate, an 8 item combo platter wit sides of chicken satay, krupuk (deep fried rice crackers), and jasmine rice. Within 15 minutes of ordering, an enormous plate, lined with banana leaves, was carried out to our table. The satays were the best I've had in Philly, freshly cooked in a thick, rich peanut sauce. The rice had a sticky rice texture and was topped with a scoop of fried garlic. For our items, we chose the Jackfruit Stew, Beef Rendang, Chicken Rendang, Goat Curry, Fish Curry, Tofu Curry, Vegetable Stew, and Vegetable Fritter. The jackfruit was a unique experience, with a rich, sour flavor and pulled pork-like texture. It would've been my favorite dish of the night, but was closer to warm than hot by the time I got to it. The beef rendang was stewed in coconut milk and Indonesian spices, melting in my mouth with every delicious bite. The chicken was marinated similar to the beef; while it was well-cooked and tender,  the beef rendang outclassed it in most every way. The goat wasn't served with sauce, but the distinctive flavor of goat more than made up for it. The fish and tofu curries both were served in a yellow sauce. I think the contrasting flavors and flakiness of the fish really took the yellow curry to the next level. Vegetable stew was falling apart  in my mouth, clearly simmered in the fragrant broth for a long time. The fritter successfully managed to have a crispy outside and soft inside, but unfortunately was only lukewarm. We also got an Es Teler, a bright pink fruit cocktail that included longan, rambutan, papaya, palm fruit, and jackfruit mixed with sweet coconut milk. This was more of a dessert than a beverage, and was the perfect way to top off our great meal. When I go back (which hopefully will be sooner rather than later), I will get the Jackfruit, Beef Rendang, Goat Curry, and / or Fish Curry. As a heads up, the jackfruit and goat are only available on weekends.

Hardena is a hidden gem in this culturally rich South Philly neighborhood. For less than $20, you can have one of the tastiest and most memorable meals in all of Philadelphia.
I loved Hardena when they were opened normally before COVID, but now they actually have an amazing takeout option during these times called the #notpizza box!  I would highly recommend checking out their instagram and trying to snag one.  The box feeds a family of four, and between my partner and I we made it stretch for a hearty dinner into lunch leftovers.  We loved every single item - from spicy potatoes to different curries, we were exposed to a number of different really amazing dishes all in one box. 

As you can see from the photo, this pizza box is truly filled to the brim with all kinds of delicious dishes.  They had a whole fish in there too, plenty of rice, and a lot of veggies.  I feel like I'm not encapsulating how amazing the experience was, so you all will just have to order one for yourself! For people who aren't meat eaters, they also have a vegetarian version of this.  I can't recommend this enough - it was assembled with a lot of love, and worth every single delicious, colorful bite.  I can say with confidence, the #notpizza box is such a creative take on takeout and I would honestly order it again as a treat.
Hardena is AMAZING. Best little gem in this part of south philly. Whether you love meat or are vegan, there's a bunch of options for your meal platter. I always love their eggplant, tofu, seitan, jackfruit, and beef rendeng! I believe you can only call to order, but that is the best way. They do take credit card/debit card. Be prepared to wait at their door when you pick up - they're trying to be safe with the pandemic and all. 

Mondays they open their orders for NotPizza boxes which are super huge portions of mostly meat, veggies from their entree sections, and some rice. It could feed about 4 ish amount of people? $80, but it's so bomb. Their slots for orders (whole week, not weekend, as that is reserved for vegan/vegetarian boxes), run out quick so hurry!!!! I wish I wasn't broke so I can get some right now.
First time ordering from Hardena last night, and was even more blown away than I thought I would be.

Due to COVID, Hardena is only doing takeout and serving a 'temporary' menu. By the time we called to place our order, it was late and they had ran out of a bunch of things, but luckily they still had the ginger fried chicken - one of their featured dishes! Yay!!! So we got two pieces.

We also placed two orders of the Nasi Campur, each of which came with two sides served over rice. Our sides for the Nasi Campur included the tempeh & tofu, beef rendang, goat curry, and cumin spiced chicken (Chicken of the Day).

My favorite sides were definitely the goat curry, and chicken of the day. I was shoveling spoonful after spoonful of food into my mouth, the flavors and spices were just SO good! The beef rendang was good too. I've only been to two other Indonesian restaurants in South Philly, but Hardena is definitely the best by far.

As for the ginger fried chicken, contrary to popular opinion, I just didn't think it was that great. The cumin spiced chicken was better, and juicier.

Next time, we're totally getting the not-pizza box!
Who just had the best Indo food ? This girl! Other than the real deal in the motherland, this was the most authentic Indonesian food I've tasted here in the states...all the way from Philly! (Shout out to my bf for bringing it back and shout out to the store owner for packing it nicely for the 6 hr flight) 

Got the rendang, green collards, lamb satay with peanut sauce, also the tofu, egg, and fish in yellow curry sauce. Like I said, this place is legit. Their peanut sauce has sweet soy sauce with a hint of lime (from what I can smell) in it which is the right way to make this. Their hot sauce is hot, could be hotter, but it's hotter than most indo restaurant here. The rendang was great, wish it was spicier though! The yellow curry fish was just like what I remember eatinh in Indo. 

Wish this place was here in CA, you lucky Philadelphians! Go here for some awesome Indo food!
For cheap eats and spicy treats with plenty of veggie options, look no further than Hardena for getting the job done with satisfaction.

Indonesian food was one cuisine that I still needed to cross off my list. So when my new roommate told me we were 3 blocks away from here, I was stoked and ready to take the plunge. and after walking through the Yelp stickered doorway (am I the only one who digs that?) I was instantly welcomed by the smiling family who owns it.

Hardena serves its mighty portions with a gusto. select 3 of the 10+ dishes that they have ready, get placed on a serving of rice, and if you like spicy order the hot sauce for that extra kick. And at $6 ($7 if you take full advantage of the meat dishes), its a vibrant meal that doesn't break the bank.

And what a vibrant variety it is! Veggie items like collard greens and spicy tempeh are perfect for Blake to love. and seafood lovers can get down to fish curry, squid & tofu, and then some. while meat lovers will relish in lamb stew, goat curry, and then some.

Its a meal that's perfect for takeout. But be sure to bask in its cool dining area and enjoy one of their hot drinks or non-alcoholic cocktails for an even cooler experience.
This place is doooooooooope! I've been here many times and I never tire of it. It's got a very casual atmosphere and the food is served buffet-style. You can get a huge plate of food for relatively cheap- 7$ for two dishes over rice and $9 for three. They have a pretty solid variety of vegan offerings (vegetable stew, eggplant, tempeh, and greens, sometimes others) and there is usually also a vegetarian tofu dish with eggs as well in addition to the meat offerings. My favorites are the greens and tempeh- a heavenly combination with house made hot sauce that is flavorful but not super spicy. The people who work here are also very sweet. They overheard my friend and I talking about our favorite Miyazaki movies and offered to let us borrow "Grave of the Fireflies", their personal favorite. That just goes to show how friendly and trusting they are here. 

The one thing I wish is that they would bring back the mysterious vegetarian noodle dish I had here several months ago- it was SO delicious, but I haven't seen it since January!
I had read about Hardena previously on yelp and it also was briefly mentioned on Anthony Bourdain's  The Layover. We have had Indonesian food in NYC and Malaysian food in South Jersey and the Penang chain. We were anxious to try Hardena.

The place is located off of Broad Street, approximately one half way between City Hall and the stadium complex. Parking is not easy and the streets are tight in this area of the city. I was able to get a spot a couple of blocks away. Use your GPS as this place is very nondescript from the outside. If your not looking out for it, you will pass it.

The inside oh Hardena is a little odd. The tables are not set up in a particularly efficient arrangement. It can be cramped. The place is clean but there is a lot of stuff in a small space. The tables have batik prints covered by glass. There are other bits and pieces from Indonesia around, but the place is not that much to look at. The staff however is very friendly when you walk in.

They have a menu on a chalk board which changes daily, They were sold out of the Satay when we got there which disappointed me as the spicy peanut sauce is my favorite, There is a small counter with about 8-10 dishes in a sort of buffet setting. The super pleasant women behind the counter explained how things worked and what the items were in great detail. The menu was basically your choice of 3 meat or fish dishes and rice for $8.00. They had some vegetable and non meat dishes also. It was my wife, daughter and myself and we all had 3 individual plates and the serving was very big. We had the beef Rendang, some sort of chicken, fish in coconut curry and tofu. The beef Rendang was slow cooked and very tender. The  fish in coconut curry was the best dish for me, flavorful with a little heat. It was great on a cold night.

The utensils are no frills also plastic spoons and forks keeping with the mojo of the Hardena. I assume like in Thailand, Indonesians do not use chop sticks but also spoons and forks as with Thai people. Also the plates are foam, this is no nonsense eating. My daughter, described Hardena's food as a cross between Filipino and Thai. That is pretty accurate. They sell canned sodas and provide foam cups for self serve water from a big cooler by the cash register.

The 3 of us ate until our stomach's nearly exploded for under $30.00 total. That is pretty good value! I recommend this place if you want some really good food at a reasonable price and don't mind a no frills almost home style setting.
The Indonesian restaurant Hardena had made the list of best 50 restaurants in Philadelphia according to the Philadelphia Inquirer.  It's about time some real ethnic restaurants made this list.  This popular small corner establishment in South Philly does indeed serve up some tasty food. And the proprietors are friendly and it's kinda cute on the inside.

A recent eat-in meal here began with a totally tasty corn fritter.  Put a little sambal on it and I could eat 4 or 5 of these. The salad/entrée of Nasi Pecel was large and filling though missing a bit of the spiciness I look forward to in my Indonesian salads.  I did like the peanut sauce but would also have liked a few more greens.  A side of beef rendang was excellent and I eventually mixed it in with my salad as of course the salad had a rice base. Total cost of all this was $18.

As much as I liked the food, there are a couple of features I would recommend to improve the in-house dining.  They are using Styrofoam plates and plastic silverware - not my favorite and probably not biodegradable.  The tables only have salt & pepper although there is a bottle of kecap manis and one of hot sauce near the register if you look for them.  I wasn't sure how the pricing worked for the steam table.  I think this could be made clearer when ordering.  I did hear some regulars mention that you get two choices for a certain price but if true I wasn't informed about that.  Also their hand-held tablet for using a credit card is very sensitive. I was planning to press "None of the suggested tips" and leave a separate tip based on the fact that this really is a cafeteria style restaurant but before I could do that a tip of 20% was registered and because it was so crowded I just let it go. 

With a little upgrade to the in-house dining experience, Hardena would garner 5 stars in my review.  But nonetheless, this is an excellent Indonesian eatery.
My three stars is not to say it's bad.  On the contrary, it's good.  It's just that lately this restaurant has gotten more press than the BP oil spill, and I think my expectations were a little too high.  

The 3-choice entree for $6 is a DEFINITE steal.  If you're on a tight budget but you want a satisfying, "off the beaten path" kind of meal, then by all means, hit up Hardena.  You won't be dissapointed.  

But to be fair, I wasn't overly impressed with my selections or those of the other members in my Asian food club (http://www.meetup.com/Pho-Real-The-Philadelphia-Asian-Food-Lovers-Society/).    

Some thoughts: The vegetables were cooked in a light coconut curry sauce.  Pleasant, very pleasant.  The beef rendang had a nice citrus-curry kick to it.  The fish, cooked in a yellow curry sauce, was a bit salty but yummy nonetheless.  I would advise you to avoid the seitan, however - it came with rice "clumps" that have the texture of glue. 

Listen, I like Hardena.  I like the *vibe* of it.  It's cozy & family owned  - I felt like I was eating in an Indonesian family's kitchen (especially with the shelves piled with spices and sauces over the stove).  It's local, yet still out of the way.  It's smack in the middle of a burgeoning Indonesian enclave, and there's nothing I like better than stepping into another country while still in my home city.  The food ain't bad either.

It's definitely worth the trip, just not all the hype.
Yesterday after work, we made the trek from Fairmount to Point Breeze to finally sample the Indonesian offerings at Hardena. I found an awesome parking spot, which immediately puts me in a good mood. 

When I walked in, it reminded me of some of the more casual, homey eateries (this being the definition of "waroeng", based upon a scientifically conducted Google search just now) in the Philippines, Indonesia's neighbor to the north. The atmosphere is unlike any other restaurant in Philadelphia, but it still felt familiar and very comfortable. 

The food was absolutely delicious. Lots of vegetarian options. Yesterday, their offerings included: greens, potatoes, tempeh, fish, mixed veggies, a few meaty options, some hard-boiled, seasoned eggs, and vegetable fritters. The sate options were also available, of course. I opted for a generous plate of rice, tempeh, some potatoes, and a veggie fritter. Everything was flavorful and unusual. I'm not a pretentious eater, I just know when shizzle is good and it was more than good. My little sampler platter was perfectly filling, but not heavy. We also ordered one of the beverages off the tiny menu on the wall and it was a cup full of fruits and an unnaturally pink liquid. Whatever it was, it was delicious, and also reminded me of some of the more unusual beverages options I encountered in the Philippines.

After we sat down at a table to eat with our little cups of water and styrofoam plates, Kak Ena & her husband sat down behind the counter and the four of us watched the evening news together. It was awesome.

Bonus points for low, low prices (a generous meal for two for under $20) and random cat decor placed throughout the restaurant. A friend of cats is a friend of mine. Five stars. I want to eat here forever.
Great Indonesian food! Kak-Ena cooks really authentic Indonesian dishes and serves it cafeteria style. I am surprised reading the other reviews how many non-S.E.Asians have found this place! It was a secret for a while because if you don't know the food, the language and brave opening the doors and walking into what looks like someone's living room, you won't ever experience the great food this place serves.  At the counter, there are about a dozen dishes many Americans may not recognize. I can understand how all that might be quite intimidating.

Here is a glossary I hope will be helpful:

Rendang - everyone has to try this. It is beef stewed with 3 types if ginger(regular ginger, turmeric, galangal), chili and coconut milk. Typical Indo/Malaysian beef curry.
Ikan pepes - Grilled fish (usually whole fish) with chili paste
Soto betawi - Beef soup Jarkata style
Soto ayam - Chicken broth with vege and Indonesian spices
Nasi goreng - Fried rice
Keropok - Prawn crackers
Tempeh - fermented soybean cake. It is like tofu for Indonesians, except that it uses whole soybeans instead of soybean milk. It is usually cut up and sauteed. 
Bakwan jagung/sayur/udang - Fritters corn/vege/shrimp
Gudeng - Jackfruit boiled in palm sugar and coconut milk.
Opor ayam - Chicken curry in coconut milk
Gulai kambing - goat curry. I believe they use goat instead of lamb at this restaurant. Goat meat has less fat thus needs to be stewed a long time to tenderize it. Kak-Ena's gulai kambing falls off the bone and tastes like she stewed it for a whole day.
Satay ayam/daging - grilled chicken/beef in skewers with peanut sauce and sweet soy sauce
Sambal - Chili sauce usually made with tamarind, shrimp paste, onions and lemongrass. Very spicy.
Es Cendol - desert drink based on coconut milk and skewpine sago noodles (green)

Hardena's menu keeps changing, so you will get more than this list covers. It is really good home cooking with ingredients from scratch.

Thanks Kak-Ena and gang for preparing such good food!
The most authentic Indonesian food. It's a small corner eatery on Moore and Hicks street with tight seating area. You will see a lot of Indonesian theme decorations. 

It's a cafeteria style food where the foo is already cooked except the satay. You place the order on the cute hawker cart. The menu is posted on the food counter on the left, more menu listing is on the wall to the right. For to-go food there are options based on the size of the container.

Gudeg: stewed jack fruit. The flavor is perfect and balanced. Jack fruit is tender but not mushy.

Lodeh: mixed stewed veggies. Also has perfect flavor and refreshing from the fresh veggies.

Gado gado: big portion with steamed veggies and rice cakes with fritters on top. The best part is in the amazing peanut sauce.

Chicken satay; big chunks of tender chicken and not over charred . The peanut sauce is amazing.

All of the dishes remind me home.

My criticism here is I don't think staff record the order when I told her what I wanted so you're at the mercy of her memory. You pay when the food is ready. I had to double check my order which turned out to be incorrect.

Also most of the container is styrofoam. I wish it's more environmentally friendly.
I'm Indonesian and grew up in the Netherlands.  Between my dad's homecooking and rijsttafel in Holland, I've had my share of Indo food.  This place is legit.  I love all of their dishes and the people are super nice.

Highly recommended!
I owe my introduction to Indonesian food to Anthony Bourdain. I have something of a love hate regard for Anthony Bourdain. I find it disappointing that a man with such writing skills and with the world's kitchens at his call must resort to the crass banality of network food television. His recent episode of The Layover which featured Philadelphia offers an example of such pandering to the lowest common denominator. Nonetheless, from that episode I discovered that Philadelphia has an active Indonesian community. Indonesian food was a realm completely unknown and that called for exploration. Bourdain suggested Hardena as the essential Indonesian restaurant. When I did some research I found that Hardena was something of a buffet eatery with Styrofoam containers and plastic forks. 
Hardena  Waroeng Surabya Restaurant is located at 1754 S. Hicks Street. Hicks is one of those small streets that stops and starts and is somewhat hidden. The restaurant, if you can call it a restaurant,  is housed in what was probably an old corner store grocery. When you enter you find yourself in the simplest of surroundings. Before you is a tiny side counter where this afternoon, two very old folks shared a visually enticing lunch of unknown contents. To your right side are a few sets of narrow tables. Each table is dressed with plastic table covers. Oddly Victorian red plush chairs on rollers sit uncomfortably at the side. Baskets of plastic utensils and paper napkins decorate with function. The art work on the walls might be termed "simplistic indigenous." 
The heart of the restaurant is at the back of the room to the left side. A hot table offers some ten or more steaming trays of Indonesian home cooking. At the adjacent counter to the right sits the father of the establishment.  Hardens seems to be a family affair. The father calls out. A young woman, (his daughter?) steps up behind the hot table. She takes the orders and is most helpful in describing the recipes. Behind the young woman a tiny woman at the stove, a woman I assume to be the mother, prepares the constantly changing recipes. Hardena has no fixed menu. You can order in two ways. You can order rice and three dishes for about $8.00 or you can order specific dishes, also served with rice, at about $7.oo each. Hardena has no flatware or silverware. You eat from plastic. The service, however, is congenial and helpful. The daughter helps you with your selection, the mother asks how you enjoyed the soup and the father brings the bowls to your table. At Hardena you have the sense of participating in a family meal. 
Before I talk about the food I have to say that I don't know the Indonesian name of any of the dishes we ordered. I think not having a menu, is Hardena's only drawback. A menu is a guide that allows the mind to organize what the mouth savors. A menu is comforting because it allows the diner to give order and a name to the dining experience.  
We started with a soup. I think it may be called Soto Ayam.  We had to wait for it, because the wonderful woman at the stove had to make it for us. The soup offered a very different experience that included hardboiled egg, tomato, shredded cabbage and noodles. Two bowls were more than enough for five of us. We even took some home. After our soup, the father of the house brought us a bowl of fish and a bowl of chicken, with a side of hot pepper sauce. The delicate fish was served in a kind of salty sauce of what I think was coconut milk. The chicken pieces were fried in a sweet and peppery dark sugar finish. You eat the chicken with your fingers. 
After our first courses I returned to the counter for our second round. This time, with the help of the young lady, I selected lamb stew, beef stew and jackfruit. The lamb stew, clean and light offered tender melt in your mouth cubes of meat. The beef, finished in dark sweet and savory gravy contrasted the lamb's blond broth. The jackfruit was the surprise of the day. While I have seen jackfruit in Asian grocery stores I have never eaten it. Jackfruit, in this preparation, has the quality and texture of pulled pork, an absolutely delightful dish.
Hardena greets you with a smiling and family embracing introduction to Indonesian food. Unlike many other Asian restaurants where the food tends to have certain sameness, due perhaps to corn starch and MSG, each recipe at Hardena is distinct. The sauces are clean and rich with various layers of texture and flavor. And with its daily changing menu each experience is new. You don't go to Hardena for an elegant ambiance. You go for the food.
I am a native Indonesian and I think the food here tastes authentic. I ordered the beef rendang, tempe/tofu medley, spicy eggplant, and of course, the sambal. The beef is tender and flavorful. The tempe/tofu medley tasted like home. The eggplant; well, I add the eggplant because I felt the need to eat vegetables. Sambal is from heaven. I have to ask for seconds. Anyway, Food 5*

I also took a friend (Caucasian, btw) who had never eaten any Indonesian food before and he loved it. This is what he said: "Indonesian food tastes like a mild Thai food and a much lighter Indian food". 

Not much service because of the quasi-buffet line system. So, no review there.

The atmosphere is just what a waroeng should be. Simple, slightly run-down but clean. Atmosphere 5*

Price. CHEAP!!. 5*

In short, I'll be back.
This is a tiny house on the corner of hicks and moore. For only 6.00 you can get 3 items and a plate of white rice. lamb stew, sweet and sour fish, beef rendnag, just to name a few, alsdo....  nasi goreng, ikan pepes, bakmi goreng, rendaung, soto betawi, nasi cah kangkung, gado-gado, satay. they have a cooler of water and small styrofoam cups that you pour yourself. the people are pretty nice and the food is excellent, you can also get a large whole fish for only 7 dollars.

also have es telor drinks which is like a pink coconut flavored drink with a cherry and lychee in it. pretty delicious if you ask me.

They are all about the quality of the food, not the location. the location is very hard to find and doesnt have any parking to speak of besides on-street, and the place has a sign, but its easy to miss. It has three or four small tables where you basically rub up against other customers if youre not careful. It's a small corner store where they are very polite and sell excellent hot and spicy food.

To correct any confusion created by the prior reviews this place is actually called Hardena, but the sign outside says "Waroeng Surabaya" which means surabaya cafe (like saying philly cafe) It was listed in a philadelphia food magazine in summer of 2005 and recently in a few other magazines too. and has kinda created a small buzz for being one of a handful of indonesian places to eat at (even though there are about a dozen other places - and almost no one else has reviewed any of them) it is a small yellow house right in the heart of the south philly indonesian community. It is listed in native magazines (kabar kilar) as Waroeng surabaya, and in my cellphone (ini orang bule, bisa basa jawi) as Waroeng Surabaya.

the owners are from new york city and usually go up there to buy groceries and shop and visit relatives when they have that one day off, tuesday. only accepts cash and closed on tuesdays.
Philly is really lacking south east Asian restaurants, and the closest to Indonesian are the pricey Malaysian restaurants, Penang and Banana Leaf.  I've been trying to find ANY Indonesian restaurant in the city, and thanks to yelp I found this great hole-in-the-wall!  It appears to be someone's house that was converted into a food hut.  And I say hut, because I wouldn't really call it a restaurant.  There are 3 small tables and a little bar stool area.  There is no ambiance or decoration other than the Indonesian puppets on the wall, but who cares when there's good food to eat.

There's no English menu, you just go up to the counter and point to what you want.  This I particularly liked, because this is how I ate food in every South East Asian country I've been to.  There, you would get a plate of rice and 3 dishes all for $1-$2.  Here it was the same, except it was $6.  But don't be fooled, it is a very filling plate.  I ordered my favorite, beef rendang, 2 vegetables, and a separate order of satay.  The satay was a serving of 5 skewers with a fairly good peanut butter sauce and some pickled vegetables.  The rendang was very good, although I prefer mine in a thicker sauce and much spicier.  The other entrees my group ordered were all really good except for the squid.  They like their seafood to  look and taste like seafood.  So if you don't mind biting the head off of a salty, fishy, baby squid, go for it.

All in all a really great find, and a great addition to the much needed South East Asian cuisine of Philadelphia.  Oh and the hours posted here are incorrect.  They are open on Monday until 8pm.
Best indonesian food in USA period!. I'm indonesian myself, and always go to indonesian restaurant if possible, i've visit many indonesian restaurant in usa (from Bayleaf in sunnyvale- CA, to Bali Cafe-Miami). 

This place rocks!, if you dont mind eating with styrofoam utensil, i guarantee you the best indonesian eating experience. The place itself is very small, around 15 seating, the decoration is very indonesian, and its a cozy, family oriented restaurant. 

That beef rendang, please don't compared it to any malaysian/indian beef curry, its way better than that. Seasoned and cooked to perfection, tender, creamy just melted on your mouth-Heaven Made~!
I walked in and wondered to myself, "Wait, are we still in Philly?" 

Prepare to be transported into a humble but cozy eatery in Indonesia, where the food is home-cooked and the owners are the ones serving you the food.

I think I need to move to Philadelphia upon graduation.

This is everything an Indonesian restaurant should be. Authentic, friendly and reasonably priced. Order the sayur lodeh, rice, beef rendang and anything else that looks good. Chase it all with a nice cold TehBotol. Thank me later.
This place is just amazing. 

My plate of food was $8! Insane. I'm vegan and I really appreciated how the staff was knowledgeable about their vegan dishes. 

I had their collard greens and tempeh/tofu with rice. It was absolutely delicious. The food was flavorful and filling. I cannot wait to come back and try more!
Holy yerrrrm! The only positive thing to come of covid is Hardena's #notpizza box. Obtaining a slot for this is arguably as competitive as getting one for a vaccine. They drop the link Monday, and you better be ready. Read the instructions before ordering! Don't be an idiot like me, and you can avoid a moment of panic when you realize you didn't do exactly what they asked.

We got the pescatarian box (only available weekends), and they graciously wrote out everything that was included in it after I inquired (see pic). The stars are next to items that can be ordered a la carte. Their infamous vegetable fritters and fried noodles were included but with SO MANY other spectacular things that I wish were offered all the time. We loved literally everything. 

Arguably the best meal we have had in Philly, which is saying a lot. We are going to be sorely disappointed every time we open a pizza box and it doesn't look like this now though :(
Have you ever wondered what Indonesian food tastes like? If so, and even if not, get your ass down to Hardena/Waroeng Surabaya Restaurant ASAP.

This tiny hole-in-the-wall joint offers multiple steam trays full of unique, authentic Indonesian dishes. You simply point to a few that look appetizing to you, and they give you a heaping platter of your choices for about $6. Awesome deal. And the food is unlike anything I've had before, in a delicious way. Go. Eat. Your tastebuds will rejoice.
In my house my boyfriend does all the cooking. Why ? Because I've severed tendons reaching for beer glasses and just looking at a pot of still water causes grease fires. I hate cooking and cooking hates me.  So when my boyfriend doesn't feel like cooking we go to plan B: Hardena. 

Let's be real. Hardena is not pretty. There's barely room to breathe and in summer the air-conditioning unit drips water on everyone who comes in and out. Oh, and the inconspicuous exterior makes it hard to find. But when you do find Hardena you are in for a treat. 

The Widjojo family (the proprietors) are always a pleasure. I know when I go to Hardena that I will be greeted by name. They will smile and ask after my boyfriend If he is not with me. And when I am short on cash they let me keep a tab. 

The food is absolutely amazing. You can either get a rice plate for seven dollars and choose from six selections that are ready made. Or you can choose to have a selection of Indonesian delicacies cooked for you. My personal favorite is Gado Gado , a salad with sweet peanut butter sauce.

Indonesia is a place I go to for good talk, a familiar environment and good food for remarkably fair prices. It's someplace I love introducing to friends and hope you become familiar with it too.
I visited this restaurant 3 years ago, wasn't a good experience. After reading some reviews here, I gave another try.

From the outside it doesn't look clean, I see grease stains all over the wall and on the sidewalk.

Welcomed by a puddle of water dripping from the Air Conditioner unit right on their small - a bit hard to open door.

They remodeled the restaurant. New tables, new chairs - looks good but still too small and overcrowded. This place would not fit more than 10 people.

The food is cheap, I pay under $10 for a box of 'mixed' lunch with white rice.

Yes, mixed lunch.. They mixed the white rice with fish (and the juice), lamb (and the juice) and egg. They put all together in one container.

Seems like they are trying to save couple dimes on food containers and rather ruined the taste.

The food are not fresh, already cooked hours ahead and they keep them in heated containers.


Conclusion:
This place is small, not clean and doesn't look appealing at all. 

The food quality from 1 to 10 I give it 2
(They are not fresh and they mixed all the food in one container, ruined the taste but still edible...)

The food is relatively cheap but you get what you pay for. Mixed of not fresh food.

This is NOT the only Indonesian restaurant, there are 3 other Indonesian restaurant in the area.

Until they clean the place, make it appropriate for dining, spend a little money on food container and Improve the quality on the food. I definitely will not come back or recommend anybody to this place.

For the same price, under $10 I would rather get my lunch somewhere else or at the corner Chinese store.

3 years, nothing has changed (except for the new tables and chairs)...So sad..

I don't think this restaurant even worth ONE STAR.
Hardena's definitely does not feel like a restaurant. Instead it feels like a home made meal made by your Indonesian friend's mom at her house. Don't get thrown away by the restaurant's shabby exterior or the dim lighting or the small/ethnic interior. The food speaks for itself. Food is served a la carte style on paper plate with a generous amount of hot steamy white rice. For $8, you got white rice and two sides, additional sides is extra $2 / $3 depending on the side. You can paid before or after you eat. Take out boxes are also available. 

The popular collard greens and beef rendang did not disappoint. I also tried the curry fish, tofu and egg. It was so good! They spoon the curry sauce on the rice and I could eat that and be happy. Honestly, you can't go wrong with any of the sides and you'll leave full!

I went on a hot summer day, and I can just imagine the warm food tasting even better on a cold wintery day. Only complaints are that I wish the sides are labeled and the place is little closer towards center city.
This has become one of my go-to places in South Philly. I've dragged a bunch of people here, kicking and screaming. They're always initially skeptical, as the inside looks a bit like a grandmother's doily-heavy dining room. Styrofoam plates and cups abound. Which is to say, this is my heaven. 

That being said, what's behind the counter more than makes up for any perceived lack of real plates. The beef rendang is one of the best things I've eaten in Philly, and the fish curry, chicken sate, lamb and rice, and eggplant are delicious as well. They will have some/not all of these on any given day, so it's always kind of a surprise what's there. I don't even hate their tempeh or collared greens dishes, which are two things I tend to not order anywhere else. 

You're served a plate with two-three entrees and rice from behind a cafeteria style counter, with plenty of mix and match options. All of which will run you under ten bucks total per plate. They have Indonesian style desserts as well, which I will need to partake in next time.
This place... Wow, this place. First, this modest joint is run by the cutest family in America. 

Second, this place will make you crave the flavor party that is Indonesian cuisine. For practically nothing, you can choose from the delectable steam table of stewed goodies to pile on top of rice ($7 for 2 meats + 1 veggie / $1 extra for the "all-meat" option). Between the 2 of us, we tried to strategize for maximum coverage and ended up getting:

-- Fish Curry: So much smooth, luscious flavor you will wonder what you've been missing all these years.

-- Lamb and Goat Stew: Nothing says love like lamb and goat stewed until the meat's falling off the bone.

-- Beef Rendang: Until coming here, I always thought it was odd that the beef in Beef Rendang was so dry. NO: this Beef Rendang is like chunks of beef-butter disintegrating by virtue of its own intense flavor.

-- Collard Greens: Tender, mysteriously packed with flavor in a way that defies the American version of collard greens. 

-- Curry Tofu and Egg: With a hard-boiled egg stewed so long in yellow curry juice, the egg itself might as well have been made of curry.

And, being only 2 people this time, we weren't even able to try the tofu/tempeh selections, the fritters, the fried(?) chicken pieces, and the entire OTHER menu on the chalkboard. But that just goes to show that this is a place for repeat visits.

The food is not necessarily spicy (that's what the side of hot sauce is for), but the operative word here is FLAVOR. There is no lack of it at this joint. 

Note, however, that if you're one of those unfortunate people that can't handle bones or dark meat (which, sadly, is too many Yelpers), you should play it safe and pick stuff that doesn't start with bones, like tofu, tempeh, veggies. There is absolutely no lack of these choices for you (when we were there, rice-plate choices included at least 2 tofu or tempeh items and at least 2 veggie items), but you're missing out.
In the four months I have lived in Philadelphia, Hardena has become my favorite restaurant so far. I have eaten several items from the menu and have enjoyed all of them. This a tiny family run restaurant that packs in seating anywhere possible and serves up awesome homemade Indonesian food. And everybody that works here is friendly and willing to explain what the food is if you haven't been here before. 

The Beef Rendang consists of big chunks of the best stewed beef you will ever eat with so much flavor that it's hard to stop eating. The Gule Kambing (goat curry) is another delicious dish with chunks of goat still on the bone. The Sambal Goreng Kentang potatoes have more flavor than is expected from a potato dish. The Terong Balado eggplant dish is cooked until soft with chili sauce and as with everything else is loaded with flavor. The Lamb Satay consists of multiple small skewers of rich lamb chunks with peanut sauce and served with a thick chili soy dipping sauce and a small pile of pickled vegetables. Although the Rujak Cingur is listed on the chalkboard as a salad this is not like any salad you have eaten before. It comes piled with cabbage, spinach, green beans, sprouts, beef tendon, shrimp paste, a peanut dressing, and puffed rice crackers. This salad is filling and really delicious. And I have to mention the sambal hot sauce that can be added by the spoonful on the side of any order. This has some heat to it and is a great condiment for all the dishes. Additional spoonfuls cost twenty-five cents and I usually get two or three spoonfuls because I love some good spicy sauce.

So far, my favorite items have been the beef rendang and rujak cingur. I am also really looking forward to eating the jackfruit stew and collard greens the next time I go. Keep in mind, the goat curry and jackfruit stew is only served on Saturday and Sunday. 

Definitely a great place to try some delicious food!
I had the chicken, chayote, and tofu with eggplant.  The dishes were cooked well (marinated and stewed) but the portions were small.  About 1 spoonful of each dish with a heaping mound of rice.  But that may be because I'm used to Ka Man in Edison where you get 3 dishes, rice, and soup for $4.50.  Overall, it was good and I would recommend trying it if you happen to be in South Philly.  Just don't go on a hot day b/c air conditioning is quite minimal.
Times feel Hard(ena) right now and it feels like everything is all Waroeng. If you need a pick me up during this weird quarantine time, be Surabaya large takeout container (or 2 or 3) from everyone's favorite Indonesian hidden gem and support a local minority opened business. Maybe when you pick it up they will be using PPE in the form of a gigantic inflatable T-Rex suit and put a smile on your face, but if you are not that lucky, you will still have something comforting and delicious to take you through this time. 

My recommendations are the beef rendang and the collards but everything is delicious and they have lot of of vegetarian and vegan friendly dishes like egg curry, tempeh, and jackfruit curry and great meat things like sate and goat curry. Don't forget the sambal hot sauce! Over the years I've come here for many dinners with friends (you can bring wine and there's not a ton of seating so you may have to wait), a birthday dinner for my sister (parent approved), and gotten takeout for someone who requested it as their last meal before leaving Philly (and the first thing she requested when she came back to visit). It's no frills and people don't like too long, even when drinking wine out of plastic cups. You stand in line to order kind of like a cafeteria, but it feels homey and cozy, unlike a cafeteria.

The owners are lovely and they need your support during this time! They are taking lots of precautions and offering no contact takeout- call ahead and give your card and they will bring it out for you. I promise you will not be disappointed.
Food tasted really amazing, solid place for authentic Indonesian food that is very flavorful but mildly spicy. The sambal had a really fresh taste with the lemongrass flavor I paid $10 for a container and it's worth every cent. The collard greens was one of the best dishes, simple but flavorful. The rendang was also tasty! The only downside was the small space at restaurant and the dripping of aircon condensation at the front door was not appealing!
South Phiily PA
Lived here forever but just found this business today; first time trying Indonesia food-besides Mee Goreng packaged noodles, which are awesome. Didn't look like a restaurant from the outside. Too much fish sauce or something salty in aftertaste in the tofu,egg curry and in the chicken drum curry. 2.0 stars. If you are hypertensive, becareful with this food. But curry level added is good. I dont like the tapei or whatever clumped up bean thing that they also fried. 4 stars for the collard green. Ladies there let me taste two items so that was real kind of them. Although I would not be back for the two side options I had today, I see myself bringing my own brown rice and ordering a medium container ($6) of collard greens for takeout since they dont serve brown rice. The spice curry here is reminiscent of what my mom cooks at home but  theirs at Hardena/Waroeng is just way salty and less curry here. (We have a Cambodian Vietnamese Chinese background. That's the perspective I'm comparing from.) Since the menu here is often changing I do want to test out their grilled curry satay chicken or beef when it is an option. Interior is artsy and resembles the energy of Thai restaurant decor to a slight degree: I like.
Excellent Indonesian food. We loved the home style meal selections. The Gulai Sayur (Indonesian Collard Greens) made me want to turn vegetarian it was that good. The Satay kambing was a peanut lovers dream. Really yummy! The beef rendang was packed with flavor and the meat was really tender. 

The only thing that we regretted ordering was the Es Teler. I felt like I'm going to be a diabetic the instant I took 4 sips. Cloyingly sweet to the extent that I felt feverish. I guess it's a cultural thing to make desserts extra sweet in some parts of asia.
Awesome, awesome, awesome!

Very authentic Indonesian food!  I can vouch for that since I am originally from Indonesia.

Classic "hole in the wall restaurant yields delicious food!" theory.
Small corner restaurant.  Doesn't look open but it is.
Cash only!
Street Parking.

Definitely not a place to impress your date as far as ambiance and decor is concerned, but as far as food is concerned it is a whole different story.

Don't know what to order?  Ask Ena the owner of the restaurant to choose something for you and she'll take care of it.  Just give her an idea of what you like, chicken, fish or beef.

Paper plates, paper cups & plastics spoons &  forks.  Its borderline fastfood/takeout.

Anyway I went there with 4 of my other friends who have never had Indonesian food.  We got 2 fish dishes, 1 vegetable dish, 1 beef rendang, 1 chicken dish, 1 tempeh dish, 1 plate of shrimp chips, 6 plates of rice and 3 different desserts (es cajang, es cendol & es kalapa).  Total bill came out to $48.00.  Wow!  That is about less than $10.00/person not including tip.

I will definitely be back.  Highly recommended.
Here is a list of things you need to have an amazing lunch:
1. 6 dollars.
2. A means of transporting yourself to Hardena.
End of list.

The Beef Rendang and Sayur Lodeh are awesome.  For what the place lacks in ambiance it makes up for in delicious hot sauce.  If you don't like Hardena than I don't think you and I can agree on anything.

5 stars for the ridiculous value.  I don't think I can get such unique flavors in such high quantities at such a low price anywhere else.  On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale this place is Shoot 'Em Up.
This place is your definition of hole in the wall!  You walk in and there's a few small tables and then the kitchen to the left and then the food in front of you.  There's not much space to even turn around.

The food here is authentic and cheap!  The best thing to do is to just let the chef pick your food for you.  You get 3 dishes on a plate with rice for only $5. And it's lots of food!  You can also get a side of chicken or lamb satay.  Just go on the weekend, as the satay is only available on the weekends.  

The pace is slow here, so you might have to wait a bit to get your food.  It's no frills.  There's no heat, so in winter, it's friggin cold. You're eating on styrofoam plates and plastic forks and paper napkins.  So go here for the food, not the ambiance!
I want to preface this by saying that I ordered way too much take out from this place, but it was my first time there and I NEEDED to try everything. By far, the rendang was my favorite, but that's a given. It's a regular crow pleaser. The meat is tender, flavorful and falls apart. The chicken sate was so good that I forgot it was even chicken. As for the garlic krupuk, I wish I got more than 2 orders. I also got an egg and tofu curry dish that reminded me a lot of Penang curry, but with less coconut milk. Needless to say, that too was VERY good. I also got the eggplant because I'm clearly a glutton for punishment. That was yum yum yum. I'll be honest, I only stopped ordering because there was only one employee working behind the counter and a line was starting behind me. Therefore, I didn't get a chance to explore dessert options. Lastly, the hot sauce is BOMB DOT COM. It's tasty and spicy. And you can buy it by the carton. The side of rice is also very good. It's light and fluffy with just enough starch to soak up all the delicious food juices. 


As for the environment, this place is quaint, but tidy. You can eat there or order take out. Most of the food is already prepared and stays warmed in trays. It is served to order. As far as first experiences go, this was an overall win. I even got a very picky eater to get on board with this grub. Best part, leftovers. I will absolutely be going back.
Super down-to-earth little place that serves authentic-tasting Indonesian food! They have a selection of dishes at their counter that isn't listed on the menu, so just ask what those dishes are - you get an option of rice + 2 dishes for $8, or rice + 3 dishes for an additional $2 (and then each additional dish on top of that comes at an extra cost, but I was stuffed after getting the first option so that's plenty). 

I was pleasantly surprised by the multiple vegetarian selections available, most made with tempeh; but they also have hearty, meat-based dishes like goat/fish/beef. I got the beef rendang and tempeh/veggie stew with rice - beef rendang was super flavorful and the sauce goes nicely with the rice, and the tempeh stew balances it out nicely (gotta get those veggies in). Also - definitely get the chili sauce with your dish! It's unlike any of the chili sauces I've had - it is super aromatic, and has layers of flavors on top of the spiciness. I thought the rice was a little on the mushy side, but the beef rendang sauce was so good that it didn't really affect the flavor at all. 

At the end of the meal, even though we were completely stuffed, we decided to get a serving of chicken sate ($10) - because why not? I would highly recommend it! It comes out piping hot, drenched with this amazingly thick and tasty peanut sauce with a side of pickled vegetables. The chicken was super tender, and the sauce would've gone perfectly with rice. We also got a dessert (mixed fruit in cocopandan milk). Super refreshing, pretty sweet, but the fruits were really interesting - they were all pretty exotic and I couldn't figure out what half of them were, but they were tasty.
This restaurant located in a non descript building in South Philly has the most amazing indonesion food you will taste outside of Indonesia. 
Served in a unpretentious mom and pop atmosphere with steam tables brimming full of their delicious offerings such as beef and chicken soups, Beef Rendang, chicken sate, lamb and rice, tempeh stew, fish curry, fried potatoes, and collard greens. 
Seating is limited but that  is a small concession for you to enjoy the delicious recipes that are whipped up in their small kitchen. Since this is located in a neighborhood, parking can be a little bit sketchy. Seek this place out, it's worth the trip.
I love this great hole-in-the-wall gem. A block from my house, the owners are always there and always smiling. Definitely worth the $6 for a large take-out box of food, this is my favorite alternative to pizza night. Inexpensive, easy, delicious. They make these hard boiled eggs marinated in a curry that I crave for days afterward - don't forget to ask for one. 

Most often we take our food to go, but eating in the small table-area is usually fun (most days there's something you wouldn't expect to be watching on their small tv in the corner) and it's a great spot for a little people watching - it's fun to see who will walk in next.

One of my favorite things about Hardena is how willing they've been for the past few years to work with our neighborhood association. We love Hardena and it's clear they love us back.
I champion this place right here to solve the issues of world hunger , for a measly 7 bucks , one can heap a mountain of rice with choice of 2-3 dishes , each laden with  with ample spices and aroma of true to south east asia.

Leave your frills at home, as this place is all about the food and not decor. I always make sure to get the beef Rendang , as  the other dishes mostly are decided on a whim. 

Top the food with generous serving of Sambal and the crispy rice crackers available at the counter and truly realize what being satiated actually means.

Rinse and repeat  ...
They accept credit card. Look for the big yellow sign and yellow door. All the food is served like a fast food Chinese place. 2 items and rice is $8 and two meat items and rice is $10. Highly recommend the beef rendang. It's so tender and flavorful. Also try their house made hot sauce if you like lemongrass. Many different menu items, all big bursts of flavor. 

The only gripe is that if it's really busy, things can be slow because the employee who takes the food order is also ringing you up. Also, very small restaurant. There's like 4 tables and a small bar area. Don't really understand why they have rolley chairs because they're cumbersome and get in the way.
Kitschy little hole in the wall with some of the best food you can get in South Philly for around $10. And you get a LOT of it, personally it amounts to about two filling meals for me. Delicious and unique, and every time I've been there they have several vegetarian options. Definitely worth the trip!
So I came back today after a visit 2 years ago. I didn't come back because they was a discrepancy with the price. I read all the good reviews about how good they were so when I visited the place I just thought the price had went up. That was 2 years ago.

Today, I came in and the price changed again. I thought it was $7 for 2-3 things but it is now $9  for 3 choices.  I really like the place because it is homey and cozy  but after the price discrepancy happened again, I don't think I'll be back. They don't post the price up and I felt like  because I didn't speak the language or looked like I was from the area, I got a different price. 

The food was good but I don't like the price variations.
one of my favorite pastimes is to hit as many restaurants as is possible in one evening, and last night i planned a three stop dinner expedition (the bare flourescent tube circuit), which ended in some slight disappointment. 

the night was to begin with satay, then move to fattouch salad and falafel and end with an al pastor cemita. unfortunately bitar's was closed. however, the perfectly cooked and deliciously sauced lamb and chicken satay skewers tends to take the edge off of a lot of forms of pain. 

the restaurant is the pure distillation of the concept of "the hole in wall". the space is tiny. you'll probably be watching a movie from the 80's with the other eaters as well as owners. its really an extension of their living room: going over for some home cooked food, a hug and a loud shout goodbye. its THAT warm feeling on a cold philly night.

the satay is the best in philly. better than the fully respectable indonesia restaurant, and light years better than the standard sticks at the banana leaf.

the "three item combo" plate is solid, but less exciting for me. i've also had the soto ayam which is good, but for me its all about the satay.

(in case you're interested, the last stop was to Los Taquitos de Puebla
where i wanted to try an al pastor cemita -normally i'd get a milanesa but  i wanted to test out their pastor. what i ate hardly resembled a torta let alone a cemita. the wrong bread, no panela or quesillo cheese, no peppers, no salsa roja, the appearance of pineapple and cilantro) the the al pastor was average - at least by LA standards. i guess if you want a pork sandwich and are not thinking about what a cemita is supposed to taste like, it would be fine. this also was 7 bux where it would cost 4 in LA.
Authentic Indo food. Every time I have come here has been takeout. Doesn't feel like much of a sit down place. 

Ordered the beef rendang. Tasted good. Spicy but not overly seasoned. Excellent food and its fresh.

I will be back.
Hands on, unequivocally one of the best.

A small restaurant tucked away in South Philly that churns out some amazing food. Seating is limited and a bit awkward (all the chairs are on wheels and it's pretty packed so you constantly feel like you are in someone's way) but that's all worth it for what awaits your belly.

You can order plates that include rice and two entrees or just order a la carte. You walk up to the counter and get to pick and choose whatever your heart desires. My favorites are the beef rendang, satueed tempeh, and egg curry but it is not an overstatement to say anything you order will be amazing. I always get the veggie fritters when they are on the menu. I've also ordered the large platter of food that comes with around 5-6 smaller portions of entrees, two sates, and a basket of shrimp chips. It can generously feed two hungry people.

I'll get the tropical drinks if I need something to balance all of the spiced and strong flavors. There are other options on the menu such as soup and sates and it's really hard to beat a plate of delicious entrees but I'll definitely be back and will eventually try the entire menu.

Hardena is one of my favorite Philly spots and I wish them all the best.
I'm Indonesian but am not from Philly. I came by to get a few things to bring home.  I know they jacked up the price just because I am not a regular and there is no price list.  I didn't appreciate that.

Food is good and authentic.  Get the soto betawi (Indonesian food).
Oh Hardena. The only suggestion I can say to my SO that he will immediately say yes to. 

This hole in the wall is delicious and worth the trek across town. It's a surprise every time we go as the menu is constantly changing. There are options for every eater: meat, vegetarian and vegan. 

Our fridge is always stocked with their green sauce, so we need to make the trip across town at least once a month to replenish. I am not sure on exactly what's in it, but it adds the delicious taste of lemongrass and a little heat to any dish.
Hardena is probably the best place I've been referred to since I've lived in this 'hood.  At first I was skeptical. I had pretty much no idea what I was ordering, I just said "vegetarian."  Oh. My. God. AMAZING!  6 bucks for a huge plate of deliciousness!

I came back with a couple of girlfriends and two bottles of wine.  It doesn't advertise as a BYOB, but nobody seemed to mind us pouring wine into our paper cups.  My girlfriends raved, everyone who has ever been here has raved. Is there really any other motivation you need to try it out??
This place is just the bees knees! My friend and I shared two plates and a coconut dessert, paying only $10 each. We had the collard greens, coconut fish, spicy chicken, and tofu and egg curry. 

All the dishes were layered and complex in flavor. I would recommend everything we tried except for the coconut dessert, which was just syrup and dried coconut. The homemade chili sauce was phenomenal - just the right level of heat. 

Let this review and the 150+ others be an indication that this restaurant is worth the trip to South Philly!
My friend and I came here on a Wednesday night after hearing great things about the place and were not disappointed! The food is delicious, the portions are huge, and the prices are amazingly affordable. The only reason I'm docking a star is for the really slow service. There was only one employee to both prepare your plate and check you out, so the line moved slowly. Also, seating is suuuper limited and very tight so I would recommend taking your food to-go and eating elsewhere. 

I got a Mixed Rice Plate with Bakwan (mixed veggie corn fritters), Sambal Goreng Kentang (sauteed potatoes in red pepper and coconut milk), and Terong Balado (eggplant in sweet red pepper sambal) all for $10. The potatoes were the standout, but all 3 dishes were super tasty. I can't wait to come back here to try some of the other many veggie-friendly options!
I'm not too fond of this place. Other than their authentic "sambel terasi" (spicy chilly with shrimp paste), and the traditional Indonesian bodega ambience, nothing else impressed me. 
Food is ok. It's good but I think it's a little "compromised" on its authenticities to suit local customers. 
For around $12 per plate, it's a bit pricey compared to other Indonesian restaurants in the areas.
This place is worth all the hype. I went once pre-COVID when you could choose from several dishes on display behind the counter to create the most amazing combo plates. It may not look like much on the outside but the food is incredible. Since COVID hit, I've gotten take out twice and it's always hit the spot. They have a temporary menu that you can pull up on their Instagram. You have to call in your order- and be patient if the line is busy, I had to dial several times to get through. They told me pick up would be ready in about 30 minutes. Once you arrive you give them a call to let them know you're there and they bring it out when it's ready. There's always been a line of people waiting outside when I go, which tells you how popular this place is. 

I started off with the chicken sate skewers which were a sizeable portion of meat and very tender and juicy. The pickled vegetables on the side were a nice touch. Then I created a plate with potatoes, beef rendang, and fish. The base option is 2 entrees over jasmine rice from $9-$12, with additional sides for $2-$4 each. Everything tasted delicious and so flavorful, and I would order everything again in a heartbeat. The handwritten message on the take out box is also a cute touch.
This place became an instant favorite for my girlfriend and I after just one visit. I dare you to find a place that will keep you stuffed for two meals on just $8-10/person. When you walk into this unassuming corner store, you will see a small counter that displays 8-10 dishes. On your platter, you can choose to get two of those selections to go with your mountain of rice. The dishes rotate, but some of their most popular dishes stick around. Everything I have tried has been amazing, but my personal favorite has to be the super flavor and tender beef rendang. Their oseng tempeh is also a great choice. You would never be able to guess that the dish is vegan with the amazing umami flavor. You can always opt to get more side dishes at a small cost and honestly, I'm always tempted to get all of them.
NommingNomad Approved.

I've been going here periodically over the last three years ever since I discovered it. And I have never tasted anything that is not freaking perfect ever. It is a small place that is family run and authentic with limited seating but you will feel so welcome and taken care of. They do have an a la carte menu which is served family style but I've never tried it. 

I always get the rice and 2 veg/meat combo and I used to love their fish dish which is just amazing but now that I'm no longer eating fish the tempeh tofu is my absolute favorite and a must try. I've also tried the spinach/collard greens, the jackfruit, chicken rendang and the potatoes. Like I said, you can never go wrong with anything you get. 

If you like the spicier things in life, definitely go for the sambal that comes with the meal. All in all I love it and when I need a tummy hug, I know where to go!
Terrible business. Called, needed to call back to order since they don't keep their website up to date and offered no help. 

Went to pick up the food at the specified time (20 minutes after calling). Knocked per signage... small boy comes to window and yells. Thirty minutes later no food. 40 minutes later, no food......

No one even acknowledged me outside.
I've ordered take-out from here twice, for me and my friends and we were not disappointed. The portions were enormous for me, which is great for the price you're getting! It was filling and one time I ordered on the weekend and went on a limb and tried the jackfruit (the vegan option) and it was delicious, very tender, savory and sweet, texture was like tender pulled beef, I would recommend. I've also tried the beef rendang and it was also great. If you like spice, ask for sambal (I love their sambal, could get a container of it alone to put on everything haha). 

So happy to see this small business opened and helping out the community while serving delicious food. I drove by here recently and saw them hold a food drive, it was truly amazing to see!
EXTREMELY EXTREMELY delicious food. The beef rendang is one of the most amazing dishes I have eaten in Philadelphia. However, the process for ordering and wait for takeout makes me very hesitant to return. They just need extra staff in the front and cook more batches to avoid sell-outs, maybe a better system for ordering as well. 

We ordered ahead of time, was quoted a 45 minute wait, and then waited another 30 minutes upon arrival 45-minutes later. Their pop-up location at the Cherry St Pier also has the same process issues. Hope they improve on this because their food is fantastic when you finally get it.
Wow this place was such a treat! The boyfriend and I ordered the Rijsttafel plate to share, plus a fancy pink drink, and I don't think there was one thing I disliked.

The wait was a bit long, but we expected it considering how much food we were getting. Since the restaurant is tiny and the demand is the size of South Philly, the wait in line can feel like hours and seeing every seat taken can feel daunting. However, since we always end up -just- beating the crowd, we got some seats by the door. Cold, but seats nevertheless.

We've had Indonesian food before, but we don't ever really know what we're eating so we left it up to the chef to give us what they thought was good. Every meat dish was super well seasoned and perfectly cooked, but I'm always surprised at how well Indonesians do veggie dishes. Tempeh and tofu and veggies, oh my! I would love to come here again and again, and at some point learn what the food actually is called for my inevitable trip overseas one day.
I'm not an authority on Indonesian food by any means. All I know is what I like, and I like.

Sometimes I want the fancy restaurant, the carefully planned decor, and the candle on the table. A lot of times though, I just want delicious food served on a paper plate by someone who could be your neighbor. This would be that place.

First of all, it took me a couple of times to even find this place. I went with my Indonesian friend who was on a quest for Indonesian food here in Philly, so yes... we kept looking for it. There are no obvious signs, and it is hidden on a residential street. When I finally found it I thought it was closed. I'm glad I tried the door knob though, because inside you find the most cheerful, welcoming gentleman and lady, ready to dole out food, and for $6 you get a filling meal.

The seitan is tasty, as well as the chicken and the beef rendang. I also tried some soup which was very homey and warm. The fish cooked in coconut and the tempeh (I think this was the first time I had this) was quite good. You can tell that the lady cooking has really perfected homestyle Indonesian cuisine. 

I'm always ecstatic when I eat at a gem "hole in the wall" type place, and this is definitely one of them.
Hardena is a locally-run acclaimed Indonesian restaurant serving the South Philly community. The steam tables featured rustic dishes of prepared Indonesian food, and the Nasi Campur (mixed rice plate) was a good way to get a sampling of the complex spices and herbs used in this Southwest Asian cuisine. My picks included a vegetable and tofu curry, made with a lemongrass broth; and collard greens cooked with coconut milk. Both of these vegetable dishes were deliciously aromatic and flavorful, and went nicely with sambal (red chili paste), which had a complex flavor and spicy kick. I also got the fish fillet, which was coated in an herbaceous yellow curry; and the classic beef rendang, consisting of thick chunks of tender beef in a thick, brown, savory sauce made of coconut milk. This small business was a humble hole-in-the-wall restaurant, but every item I tried on my rice plate was distinct in flavor and delicious in its own way!
I have been back. Multiple times. It's the best. 

Service is good, they are small and byob (if you like beer - Ultimo is right around the corner) - FYI. 

The food is always good. Never had a bad meal!
Very authentic very traditional. If you ever want a feel of what Asia street food is about this is definitely where to go. It's a house with the bottom floor as a little cafeteria style. There's not much to order but whatever it is it will be magical with every  bite. Definitely get the chili sauce on the side. It's the "magic" sauce.
Very small restaurant, in a remote area, with uncomfortable chairs. Staff is friendly. Food is just unbearably horrible. We were in Bali a while ago and found Indonesian food absolutely delicious. We went to Hardena after reading all the reviews, thinking we would get good Indonesian food. But, what we got was greasy, over cooked food, which did not taste like the food we had in Bali at all. We ordered chicken sate, beef rendang and chicken curry and all three tasted terrible. The food is pretty expensive too. We will not go to this place ever again.
Zero frills and absolutely fantastic food. Deserves every last shred of hype it gets. 

You give your order to the sweet woman standing behind the plexiglass buffet table. Nothing is labelled, but that's OK - I'll take that thing, whatever that yellow goo is, and a scoop of that mystery meat pile. Even if you're not feeling so adventurous or have dietary restrictions, they'll kindly walk you through the options. 

The food is served how you'd imagine a grade school lunch lady would do it: she makes a fat bed of rice on a styrofoam plate, you point, and she slops a heaping serving of it on your plate with a commercial-grade ladle. 

And it. Is. Amazing. 

It's like, the perfect place to land when you can't decide between Thai and Indian - it hits all those savory spots, is full of flavorful, warm spices, with hints of sweet coconut milk poking through. And it's cheap! I got a heaping plate of food - about a cup of rice, beef rendang, tofu curry AND fish curry for only $12.95.

An absolute gem of a place. It's spots like Hardena that make me so ridiculously happy to live in Philly.
Hardena's is a gem. They've also (as of fall 2017) redone the floors and have an adorable counter space. The standard Hardena's success mode is to show up hungry (a little early, as they close at 8:30 generally), point at two items off the hot bar and onto a plate of rice they go (say yes to hot sauce!) and you exchange $8 for a great meal.

The prices differ if you get meat (they have great vegan and vegetarian options) or additional items. You can also buy dishes in larger portions, or order off the menu on the wall if you choose. In the summer, I've ordered lovely desserts, but not sure if those are still on the menu.

My favorite combo to get is greens and the tempeh/tofu mixture. I firmly believe you can't go wrong with that combo, and the greens will do you good.

Ofc it's also a BYOB, so that's an option available to you. When eating in, there's limited seating but I've usually had an okay time grabbing a spot. The chairs are a little weird and have wheels, but I feel like that adds to the charm. Well worth a visit!
This is my cousin's favorite restaurant, so when we were in Philly, he wanted to make sure we got to try it.

We were a pretty big group, but I felt pretty confident about going in on a rainy Saturday afternoon after 2pm. Yes, we got a table. But it wasn't a sure thing. There were a bunch of people in line, and the one large table had occupants.

Luckily, a smaller table left, the party at the large table moved, and we were able to eat in. Whew. 

I'm okay with idiosyncrasies at little whole in the wall international eateries. But the wheels on the bottoms of the chairs in the dining room made me feel off balanced throughout my meal.

Or maybe that was just the result from the sampler platter.

I think I would have been happier ordering a bunch of different plates from the steam table. In part, because the sampler platter took a long time to come out from the kitchen, where the plates would have been nearly instantaneous. And the best things from the sampler platter were items on the steam table anyhow.

My kids loved the chicken satay. I loved the hot soy sauce and the pickled vegetables. And I thought the es kalapa, even though a shocking hue of red and super sweet, was delightful paired against the fiery sambal.

That sambal was fantastic. I would splurge and get a couple extra scoops of the stuff. 

More than anything else, I'm looking forward to returning. Life is about hard choices. And nothing is harder than the choices at the steam table. But decisions have to be made. Eat with your eyes, and trust your gut.

Maybe I can return in winter and try one of the soups. Especially now that I know I can just order the kids plates of chicken satay and be done with it.

I'm thrilled that Hardena has opened up my children to new culinary experiences, and I'm grateful to my cousin for showing us the way. In time, I'm sure this would turn into a five star spot for me. 

But sometimes love takes time.
A small, no frills, hole-in-the-wall place in S. Philly with fantastic Indonesian food.  The place looks dingy and cramped with random decor, shelves of spices and tables with chairs on wheels (which can make it a bit difficult when you don't want to accidentally roll over to someone), but the food is really great and SUPER cheap.  

There are a few items you can order off a menu that's taped to the wall.  We tried the lamb and chicken skewers which were fantastic.  They came covered in a peanut sauce with a soy/jalapeno dipping sauce and some pickled cabbage. The rest of the food is set up like a buffet where you can pick 2 sides with rice for $7 or an additional side for $2 extra.  I tried the sauteed tempeh and the chicken which were both delicious.  Cash only, BYO.
This is one of my favorite food spots in South Philly. I really enjoy their authentic Indonesian food that has many vegetarian options. My favorite is their jackfruit. But they only serve this on weekends. Their collar greens and tofu/tempeh are also really good.

The service is very friendly in this family restaurant. They're also BYOB.
This is such a cool spot to eat at - you literally cannot find much like this. For the record, this experience comes pre-covid. 

Literally, you could drive right by this restaurant - little corner spot, looks like you are walking into a home. They even make the inside look and feel like that a bit. Super cozy, lots of warm colors/art/textures and you just get smacked with that initial woff of Indonesian scented cuisine. You wanna know why? This tiny space is like an open-air cafeteria style restaurant. 

With its limited seating and serving style, you get immediate service, which is nice. 

This is an ultimate bang for your buck - super affordable for GREAT food. Just beware, it is spicy!!
Your typical Asian food stall, roadside or at a food center; tastes EXACTLY like home. I got the beef rendang, tempeh and tahu telur over rice with an extra serving of belacan chili. It's 3x what I would pay in Singapore, but I gladly parted with my money.
A sweet family owned Indonesian restaurant with cozy homemade food. I've tried their not-pizza box and their other entrees as well, and their veggie dishes are some of the best dishes on their menu!

I really enjoy their tempeh and tofu, eggplant, egg and tofu curry, and I heard their coconut collards are also worth trying. With very reasonable prices for a nice, delicious home cooked meal - it's a great place to check out.
I'm half Indonesian and this place tasted almost as good as home-cooking. The portions are generous and flavors are on point! Absolutely loved the Beef Rendang and Tempeh Tofu topping. My wife was also raving about the Eggplant dish. 

For first-timers, I HIGHLY recommend the beef rendang. One bite of that made me feel nostalgic for home. Oh and get the homemade chili sauce. 

Definitely making weekly visits here going forward!
Chicken Sate, pickled veggies, sweet soy sauce, collard greens, and rice. 

Hella good!!! I would get this exact combo again.



Sanger Lezat... (Very delicious...)

Terima Kasih! (Thank you!)
It was our first visit here even though we drive to Philly once every few months to go to our fav Indo store in the neighborhood. 
This is a very small eatery but very clean. We ordered Gado-gado and lamb satay. They were both very good and fulfilled my cravings. 
They also sell the sambal terasi that they serve with their dishes. It is made in house. It's $14 for a big container which will last a while. A bit expensive but it's the best I have ever tasted
Next time I come back I'm going to try the Es cendol
Oh Woereng, how I have missed you!

I don't give a 5-star review lightly, but Hardena deserves it. Not only is the food great (I'll get to that), it is exactly perfect at what it is - an Indonesian Warung (a casual dining establishment, often even a hut-like structure with an outdoor counter). I lived in Indonesia years ago, and still get cravings for the kind of tempeh in chili I discovered there (and still can't replicate) the subtle egg curries, the boyunt tofu. Indonesian food is not always as exciting as the cuisine of it's neighboring countries, but it's homey, full of fried things (gorengan!) and friendly with chilies. Most dishes are also traditionally served at room temperature, and sit out all day in covered dishes. So don't worry about the big batches of daily specials - all is as is should be. 

The decor is straight out of a Javanese kitchen/living room. The folks are smiling and helpful. For $6 you can get a giant plate of filling food that will transport you straight to Southeast Asia. Now, if I could just ensure that there were always deep fried tempeh cakes, traditionally served in Indonesia but the soto ayam (chicken soup) man who walks residential neighborhoods selling soup breakfast, I'd be in heaven. Ask for the real (hot) sambal behind the counter, and don't mind the styrofoam.
This place is highly overrated. The food's pretty authentic & good, but def not worth 4 1/2 stars.

For $7sh you can get 3 entrees (2 meat & 1 veggie) that comes with rice. The food's already pre-made, all sitting in these heated pans so you can pick & choose what you want.  Even though they seem to be sitting out there for awhile, they seem decently fresh, even the fried stuff.

I got Beef Rendang & Gulai for my meat entrees. They're pretty good, especially the Rendang. For my veggie entree, i got Bakwan. It's not bad & pretty fresh for a fried food.

Lamb Satay & Chicken Satay ($8) - The satays're pretty good. It's a tad bit sweet, but I'd get them again. For additional $2, you can get some Lontong (rice cake) to go with the satay.

Es Teler - Horrible, way too sweet & the fruits they use are prob canned fruits. It's not supposed to taste like this at all.

Overall: This place's hidden & looks like it's gonna collapse any minute lol... Parking's extremely hard to find because the neighborhood's very narrow. Even though they're 1 of the better Indonesian restaurants I've had in the US, I still think they're overrated. Being an Indonesian myself, I haven't found a single good Indonesian restaurant in the US yet, which's a shame. I wouldn't mind coming here if I live closeby, however I would never drive 3 1/2 hours to eat here again.     **3 1/2 stars overall**
I wanted to try something new since my fiance's sister was in town and yelp came shining through as usual. A bright yellow door opens up into a charming little "hole-in-the-wall" restaurant in south Philly. 

The owner saw our googly eyes skimming over all of the stewed magic before us, and asked us if it was our first time--it was. She described each dish for us and was incredibly patient while we took on the painstaking journey of deciding what we wanted. I chose the collard greens, eggplant, and stewed beef. I have a liking for piles of food over rice and this was perfect. The collard greens had a very light coconutty flavor, the rice was awesome, the beef was tender and flavorful, and the eggplant was on point. 

The people I dined with also got the lamb, vegetables with tempeh,and the spicy chicken. All of the meats were tender and well seasoned and each dish had it's own flavors that all seemed to melt together into one coherent plate. I loved it and will certainly return in the near future.

FYI-The hot sauce is delicious but is fairly spicy. I happen to like spicy foods, but if your not keen on the burn...maybe ask for it on the side or forgo it completely.
You know why this place deserves five stars? Because for SIX DOLLARS you will leave  A. Pleasantly full  B. With satisfied tastebuds and C. Love your life for the hour you spent of it in a cozy, family-run business, that's why! Please, don't expect to go here and be served modern, upscale cuisine...it's not that type of place (which i find so refreshing).  What you'll get here is friendly, sincere service and delicious, makes me salivate thinking about it now, home-cooked street food.  I'm guessing it's the Indonesian equivalent to my mom's pot roast...only here it's food that's been stewing in delicious, coconut and peanut-based sauces all day!  Their tempeh is the best I've had EVER, and trust me, I've made tempeh every way imaginable.  They always have 3-4 vegetarian options and a variety of carnivorous delights...beef, lamb and fish.  You get to choose 3 different things over a heaping pile of rice, so basically, 2 dollars/tasting.  This is my go-to spot when I come home from work starving and need comfort food immediately!
I can't believe I came to Philly to have an authentic south asian food. 
This restaurant was located away from avenue, a little hard to find but worth it. My friend and I came there in a windy day, really cold!! But the food warmed us. 
I ordered three side dishes with sticky rice, My friend ordered satay chicken with rice and we also tried its pink drink. Honestly, the drink was not very good. It was too sweet and all the fruit   was from canned food, not fresh at all. But the satay was delicious!! The meat was grilled with sweet sesame sauce and one of my dishes, like tofu or something, was a little spicy and savoury. BTW, the food was not greasy and very cheap~ The owner was an old Indonesian couple who make food like home dishes.
I must disagree with the high reviews this place got.  The staff, a family, could not have been more friendly and helpful.  I wanted the food to be good. However, all of it was SO salty, and I love salty things.  This was so overpowering that the interfered with good flavor. I know some of the people who wrote good reviews on this page, and I trust their judgement.  So, either this place has gone down hill or they had an off day.
Hardena is weird and great!  It's maybe confusing for a shy person or a newcomer, since they don't have menu.  And on the outside, the place always looks darkened and closed.  Well they have a small selection of items written on a chalkboard but those aren't their main deal.  You check out a bunch of dishes they serve over white rice and pick 2 for $8 or 3 for $10.  The $8 dish is plenty for most folks, I'd suggest that.  

They do serve meat and egg dishes so there's that :( but also, plenty of vegan choices.  The collards are great mixed up with rice and they have pretty standard (but all good) tofu and veggies.  They have a really tasty seitan and tempeh borderline sweet dish that I would urge you to get.  You have the option of getting hot sauce with your plate and nothing I've had here is spicy, so if that's something you crave you will need to add that on.  The flavors are muted in the food here, nothing is overwhelming or too much.  It's all delicious though and will leave you with a happy and satiated feeling.

Never bogged down or heavy, just fulfilled!

Two kind of annoying points though with eating here.  The TV is always on, and kind of loud.  Also they aren't open past 8pm, so you have to be over there early to eat.  So it's not too convenient for night people like me, but I'm sure it's best for those working people in the restaurant.
Small but clean - that is the most important part of the eating experience. The woman helping us was so sweet and very helpful. I got the fried fish, eggplant, and tempeh (I have no self-control, I need to try as much stuff as possible. They load up the plate with tons of rice. These dishes are pretty much homemade and the spices you will taste are unlike anything you have ever tasted before. We tried to find out what exactly it was but she said its a secret. That's fine, I'll keep coming back for more secrets.
{ International Wednesday Post }

The Wednesday immediately following the Anthony Bourdain "The Layover" Philadelphia Episode, I just knew we had to try Hardena! I was a little nervous because it's not in the greatest neighborhood, but it actually wasn't so bad. I asked the server if they had noticed an uptick in business since the episode aired, and she casually said that they had not and was pretty surprised that the tv show was the reason why I had come. I had her fill 2 to-go containers with all but 2 of the day's offerings. A few of my favorites were the salted eggplant, and the coconut curry salmon.  This place is worth the trip for take out!
Authentic Indonesian food! I got the combo plate - three dishes and white rice for $11. I chose the goat meat, chicken, and their mixed vegetables. The cooked veggies were succulent. Carrots and a white root vegetable (?) where prominent - the juice they were cooked in was full of flavor! Unfortunately, it was small portions of the meats to eat - more bone that protein. But what was solid meat was incredible, fall off the bone tender! Meat was also in a juicy sauce, and perfectly seasoned. Not too spicy - once the plate cooled down, the spicy level also subsided to my comfort level. 

The daughter working the food - Lia - was polite, wonderful, bubbly personality. As soon as I told her this was my first venture, she chimed right in and explained all the dishes. I recommend people try this if they're in Philly!
GREAT FOOD. do not be deterred by the sketchy dodgy location, minuscule and tight seating, and the use of disposable cutlery, hardena has AMAZING FOOD.

i've tried almost everything on the menu and can safely say that everything deserves at least a 3.5/5 stars. some of the highlights are the beef rendang, egg and tofu curry and the fish curry. the chicken satay and chendol are pretty swag too.

the only thing about the food that troubles me is that i can never decide what to order because honestly, everything is pretty darn awesome. always worth traveling to south philly for. 

two very enthusiastic thumbs ups!!
Going to start a yelp needs a half star facebook group.  I'm giving Hardena 3 1/2.

Things I love about it: small, friendly, family and locally owned, one of the cooks shares her first name with me, price, convenience to the broad street line, and byo.

After reading about Hardena on Yelp for the past few weeks, and talking with a friend of mine about it repeatedly as we have an overobsession with reading Yelp reviews, we decided to venture there last night.  

I chose lamb, fish, and veggies as my toppings for rice.  Don't get me wrong, I completely devoured everything on the plate . . . but this often says more about my eating habits than it does about my enjoyment of the meal.  Everything was "a-ok."  I enjoyed the meal; just not five star enjoyment.
I'm a regular here and have had almost everything on the menu. There's two categories of food here, the stuff that's on the menu and the stuff that's behind the glass.

For the menu items, be prepared to wait a bit as they prepare the food to order. I highly recommend the satay skewers (any meat) which comes with a rich peanut sauce. When it's cold, I like to get their chicken soup. It has lots of flavor and comes with noodles. I call it food for the soul.

For the food that's behind the glass, the menu changes and some items may not be available when you go. Also please note that they bumped up the two item combos to $8 dollars a pop. I highly recommend the beef rendang, which is like a beef stew. The goat dish, also a stew. The chicken drumstick dish, which has a kick to it and this is very different from the chicken curry that they sometimes have. For veggies, I like to go with the collard greens or the egg plant. I have tried a couple of their other vegetarian dishes and it just wasn't for me.
This is truly the epitome of a hidden gem! Tucked away in an unassuming corner lot, this restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside, but the food will blow you away.

Though we were able to sit inside, I can see why takeout would be a popular option given the limited seating space, but because we wanted a sample platter of, well, almost everything they had, I am glad we stayed so we could get the full effect of the plating. Not only was the food gorgeous, it was delicious. The beef rendang is as yum as everyone says, but the fish curry (yellow on my plate) and the collard green wrapped mackerel were our favorites by far. The sauces are flavorful, spicy, and colorful.

All I can say is: come hungry, come curious. The sweet ladies behind the counter are more than happy to help, and the food will not disappoint. Finding parking on the narrow streets may be tough, but I can vouch that it'll be worth your time and effort!
You can't beat the price, quantity, and quality of food at this place. The flavors are bomb and everything is cooked so well. Personal favorite items include the eggplant, the collard greens, the veggie fritters, and the rendang. But honestly all of their food is good. During the pandemic we did get a chance to order one of their not a pizza box boxes with a large mixture of their food and everything was delicious!
Walked into this corner place with a couple of friends to check this place out. I was interested because there were no places similar to this other than Penang in Chinatown which wasn't what I was looking for.

They have a rice plate concept where you pick two items and then the rest have 2-5 dollar add ons. The plate in the photo ended up being around 18 dollars because it had quite a few items.

Upon walking in, I examined the scene. It was filled with skater hipster vegan people. I was hoping to see more Indonesians and southeast Asians. I'm thai so I was really hoping for that but it was very hipster. Anyhoo, when I looked at the items it was a nice display of mom and pop scoop kind of deal where you just point.

There was beef Rendang, a fritter vegetable thing (almost looked like Kitsune tempura), chicken curry, tofu eggs, collard greens, curry vegetables, a chicken stir fry. There were also items like the soups salads and satay on the board

Friends got plates and I got a plate and the chicken satay. Well, I used to go to a thai church and all the mothers brought over their curries like a pot luck, it tasted very similar to that. The beef Ren dang was good and the chicken alright, the potatoes ok, the stir fry ok, the fritter thing just fried. Examining the plate I prob should hv stuck to the curries instead of the frittter potatoes or stir fry.
It was good but only as good as the chef made them, meaning the beef rendang and the curries were alright but not much else really. 
The satay was the biggest disappoint, very dry, very heavy, not balanced, the peanut sauce was lacking in depth and the slaw it came with was pretty underwhelming.
It wasn't charred but more like sort of cooked by baking in a way. Not sure if the thai was very different but the taste and the quality tasted pretty low.
Don't get me wrong, I love authentic. But the chef in the back is not a jack of all trades. 
This is all on a styrofoam plate which made me think of church cooking to say the least. I think this place may cater to the hipsters not so much into southeast Asians. Might have been the most disappointing satay I've ever heard, I didn't even finish it. None of the chicken there was white meat in any of the curries or the satay. It tasted a little on the cheaper in ingredients side sadly. Again maybe it's just me and my standard of curries and everything together.
Love the love this mom and pop shop is receiving. Sisters are so nice and help explaining what the options are. Beef rendang is tender, fragrant, and flavorful. Fish curry is also wonderful but sometimes have a few small bones so be aware. Shrimp crackers are a must!
Enjoy!
Hardena was recommended to my group so we stopped by Saturday night. The interior is pretty small and has been rearranged to accommodate COVID restrictions. There's a table for two and then most of the space is taken up when waiting for your order.

 We arrived just in time with a long line forming after us. There are quite a few options for food you can get with either a la carte, a platter or to go pricing available. I wanted to try as much as possible so I got the platter with fish of the day, curry goat, potatoes, two of the fritters and the greens. My group pretty much ordered all of the food items and then shared once back home. There are a TON of vegan and vegetarian options available which was perfect. Because we ordered the ginger chicken which is made to order, it took about 15 minutes before we headed out. 

The owners are joyful and we're fun to chat with while we waited. They put everything in a earth friendly plastic bag so I recommend carrying from the bottom if getting a lot of stuff. Back home, we laid out the spread. Everything smelled amazing and the flavors were just as good. The fish of the day was delicious with the coconut curry and the goat was nice and tender. The greens were vegan and honestly the best vegan greens I've had. I think they used coconut milk fat and boy was it delicious. I wish I had ordered a to go container of just this. 

The rice was a little dry since they pre put rice in the platter containers, but other than that everything else was tender, well seasoned and yummy. I definitely will add this to my food list when I visit Philly again.
Heck yeah! This was so delicious that we devoured it practically without stopping in about 5-10 minutes. 

Full of flavor, the dishes were spiced and cooked to perfection. We chose the collards, curry tofu, tempeh, and beef. Those are their top sellers, and it's no surprise why. The collards were excellent, the curry with the tofu was particularly aromatic and soaked into the rice nicely, the tempeh was marinated with a delicious sweet and savory sauce, and the beef was cooked to be fall-off-your-fork tender. 

The seating area is somewhat crammed and dingy, so I deducted a star for that, but the food is great. 

$8 for two choices with it all set on a bed of fragrant rice (coconut?) is a tough deal to beat. 

Parking in that area is tough, but there is a 30 minute spot right in front, which may be all you need when you devour your plates in no time.
Does this restaurant even need any more reviews?  Everyone says it's awesome.  It *is* awesome.   

Most of the menu rotates.  But there's beef rendang every day.  Beef rendang is beef that is cooked very, very slowly in coconut milk and in its own rendered fat until the meat melts in your mouth and the remaining liquid is a thick, rich sauce.  My other favorites are the lamb stew, which falls off the bone, and the rich, savory tempeh.

If you like satay, get five skewers of beef or chicken satay, plus rice, for five bucks.

There are a lot of interesting-looking fried items on sale, but the only one I ever tried I didn't care for.  I thought it was greasy and had been sitting around too long.  That's the one and only thing I've ever eaten at Hardena that I didn't like.  Everything else has been a winner.

Despite the scary descriptions, it is a fine place to take kids.  The kids won't mind the décor.  And nobody will care if they spill rice on the plastic-covered tables.

Addendum 2010-05-24: Hardena no longer looks like an abandoned mini-mart.  The outside has pretty new paint.   They have a sign that does not involve movable black plastic letters and does not advertise 7-Up.  The interior has been rearranged to open up more space, and decorated.  There are new tiles in the bathroom.

And they still have the best food ever!

Addendum 2011-08-13: A rice plate with three dishes is up to $7 now.  It's still one of the best deals around and the food is still superb.

Addendum 2016-09-22: Hardena has not gotten any worse.  It is still one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia, worth a special trip to visit.
If I lived near Hardena/Waroeng Surabaya I'd be very, very full, and very very happy. Incredible Indonesian food, like Nenek used to make. Delicious beef rendang, lamb and fish curry as well as lots of tasty meatless options (the tempeh has excellent). And at $7-8 a person, a real deal to boot!

It's a bit hard to find, but oh so worth the effort. Don't be afraid if you've never tried Indonesian food. I can't imagine anyone not liking what they offer.
The food reminded me of my hometown, surabaya, Indonesia. I definately recommended you who want to seek genuine east java taste and experience. The food is pretty cheap. $7 for 3 items with rice, and $1 krupuk. (shrimp cracker) I ordered the chicken curry, fried bakwan, and lodeh. I like everything that I ate. but my friend ordered squid -it tasted so so... not so fresh, not so good. stay away from it. I saw them bbq-in satay, so I ordered some chicken and lamb satay. It was really delicious. 

2 stars for the location and 4 stars for the food. It's located in the worse neighborhood that I ever been visiting. If you just want to go for the food, ignore everything else!
