My teenage daughter wanted to go here as we were staying at the hotel next door. I ordered the pulled chicken sandwich which was not quite warm and not at all pulled. Daughter got the chicken fingers which she liked and I liked the sauces she got (not sure what they were) for my fries. Waitress seemed disinterested. Wasn't crowded but it's very overpriced for mediocre food at best. Plenty of other/better options in the area.
I had an overall positive experience while dining here. We were seated right away and 
provided a server who had a great personality and made sure to greet us right away. 

I ordered the salmon as my entree and the cauliflower wings as an appetizer. I especially enjoyed the cauliflower which I requested to be topped with a bbq sauce. Other options were a mild or hot sauce. I personally love anything barbecued, so this was a perfect starter for me. I should note that a few at my table commented that the sauce was too sweet. I figured I should share that. I thought the salmon was well cooked, the mashed potatoes were buttery, and the broccoli was huge.

I also love that they have a margarita on the menu that doesn't have Cointreau or Triple sec, both of which rarely sits well with me. 

Hard Rock Cafe is always a sure bet.
The big guitar reminds me of the one in Universal Studio in Los Angeles. In a very busy location. Very nice restaurant. Food is always decent. Service is great as well.
Hard Rock Café is an icon of the 20th Century.  It does feel dated and retro in the 21st. 

I hadn't been in Philly's franchise for about twenty years, and it felt and looked the same as I remembered.  Guitars on the walls, TVs everywhere the guitars weren't.  A gift shop that remains the heart and soul of the establishment.  Overpriced? Check. Gitchy? Check. Mediocre food? Check. 

My friends from Copenhagen really wanted to go so they could collect another Hard Rock T shirt. I remembered that their burgers were 'the thing.'  We went it to buy what they wanted first, and then grabbed a table for lunch.  The staff was professionally friendly.  The menu as expected. 

$14 for a Legend Burger and $3.50 for a Lemonade (no refill offered) were strictly based on what they could charge, not on quality, but I guess you have to pay for the atmosphere.  The Burger was right on Medium, but crumbled when cut due to freezing.  It wasn't bad, but they would have done better hiring a crew from Five Guys to handle this chore. The Onion Ring on top was over-fried, as was everything on the Appetizer Mix Platter. The Wings were not good, the Chicken Fingers were dry and tasted of yesterday's oil. I stayed away from the Spinach Dip. 

My friends are not foodies, and had no issue with the scene and grub.  This is what they were here to do.

Who was I to rain on their parade?
My son had never been to a HRC so I took the opportunity to take him here.  We both enjoyed our late night dinner.  Lots of good options to choose from.  We had a great time and have even visited another HRC since our trip here.
While I have eaten at one other HRC in particular, this location missed the mark by a landslide.

I only decided to dine here because I so love their Twisted Mac n Cheese... the best!!

My babe and I visited this location on a Monday early afternoon and the restaurant wasn't busy at all.

This restaurant is within walking distance from the Marriott... maybe a two minute walk and it's on the same side of the street... just needed to cross over one street.

So we walked in and were greeted by other guests sitting down, I guess to be seated or they had finished eating...

We stood at the front for about 2 minutes without any acknowledgement.  Well I took it upon myself and sat down at a long table near the bar area.  We sat down maybe for 30 seconds and an employee came over to advise the section is closed... I expressed the lack of communication (non existing) when we approached the waiting area to be seated... after much back and forth... craziness :(

We were seated in at a four seat table next to another couple.

We were told our waitress would be... but another waitress came over and remained throughout our dining experience.  She was just OK.

So we are already feeling like... let's leave, but again, I wanted the twisted mac n cheese and my mind was already set.

We placed our order...

I order didn't arrive until 30+ minutes later... super disappointed at the service.

Nevertheless, the mac n cheese was yummy.  Not as yummy as I wanted it to be, but I guess my expectations were too high in comparing this chain restaurant to another.

Now I'm not sure if this service is the norm, but on this same visit, I did witness others going unnoticed at the front...

I'd say go at your own risk or go when the restaurant is busy.  I'm thinking a not so busy restaurant means the employees will not be as busy either.

Have fun and enjoy life :)
The struggle is real at the Hard Rock Cafe if you are calorie conscience. The healthy options are limited to start and the calorie counts on the menu only make the awareness worse. I seriously looked at the menu many times before and during my visit trying to find something "acceptable."

It's funny how much I loved this place as a Philly tourist in high school, yet kinda dreaded coming here to use a gift card that expired at the end of the month. (Pro-tip: read the fine print on your card-mine was actually a promotional card and alcohol was excluded oops).

My husband and I sat at the bar deciding to stretch our dollar out at happy hour. Most appetizers were half off and there were varying price levels of drinks. We opted for the $4 "crafts." The craft selection was pretty much limited to Yards.

To eat, we split a few rounds of chicken tenders. They weren't your traditional, boring breaded fingers. They had a crushed red pepper, panko crust and were really tasty. We opted to dip them in the "heavy metal" (ha ha ha) hot sauce. Obviously not healthy, but I was happy with our choice. Since we didn't realize alcohol wasn't included on our promotional card until the end, we got the honey smoked BBQ platter to go. It includes ribs, a chicken breast and pulled pork with fries, beans and slaw. It did the trick to fill us up, but wasn't anything stellar. 

So the shining point of our experience was the service. Several bartenders helped us throughout our visit and everyone was very attentive and friendly. Sitting at the bar, we got to observe how they interacted with each other and the other staff. There was an obvious respect and chemistry as colleagues. 

Not going to lie, I had fun. As touristy and cheesy as this place is, they played rock music that was fun to listen to. To be honest, I can't see myself returning as there are so many non-chains with healthy options/better beer, but this visit to the Hard Rock Cafe exceeded my expectations.
My friend a $25 coupon that expired on Sunday so we figured we'd head to Hard Rock before heading over to Field House to watch the Eagles game. 

Our experience matched our spend. Our server seemed straight out of a movie that mocks bad servers. He was flaky, fake and over us once he realized we were using a $25 coupon for an appetizer platter. The place wasn't too busy so it's not like we were taking up a valuable table. Maybe he thought we wouldn't tip on the pre-discounted price? Which of course we tipped on the full bill. He seemed angry when I asked for a straw with my beverage and extra napkins for our greasy food. He initially told us he'd be right back with napkins when he dropped off the food so I don't know why he was pissed when I asked for more napkins.  

So as I mentioned, we ordered the jumbo appetizer combo for our group of 4 plus a side salad and order of fries. We also each had an alcoholic beverage. Knowing I'd be moving on to beer, I went with a margarita. The margarita itself was fine, expect the salt from the rim had fallen into the drink. It was way too salty but I didn't want to bother our server and send it back. The appetizer combo had your basics: onion rings, chicken wings, potato skins, Mexican spring rolls and chicken tenders. Nothing was bad but nothing was good. 

It was also a bit odd that our server insisted we speak to the manager before we could settle up. He said that the manager likes to speak to everyone who uses this coupon. We had no problem speaking to the manager, except it took her about 10 minutes to come over. At that point, the game was on and we wanted to move to a bar with sound. Thankfully they were playing the game on all of the TVs, just on mute. When the manager finally came over she just asked us how our meal was, thanked us for coming and gave us a little coupon to come back. Seriously? We had to wait on our check for that conversation? 

Beggars can't be choosers, but I know I won't be choosing to go back.
Im a Hard Rock pin collector and I visit ALL the Hard Rock Cafes...the staff here was awesome. Great to talk too. I cant remember his name, Im bad with names, but he loves pins too... This Hard Rock in paticular was one that I really liked the memorabilia they have on display here. Elvis' jacket for one.. The parking is impossible to find. Its on a VERY busy street.
They do have some Cool pins-
I came here because I'd never been before and my husband said I had to go at least once.
And now I have and now I'm done.
Thank you, enough said. Good bye.

No... just kidding.

Kinda

At first I was excited.  They had a watermelon margarita, with a sugar rim. Yum! Right?

And the dinner I chose was the bbq chicken and ribs.  What I didn't understand was, if your drink costs as much as your dinner, you're most likely not going to enjoy yourself.  Which is usually the truth! My drink cost 14 dollars and my dinner cost 18. The half rack of ribs that I got was way far from falling off the bone and the poor ...poor checken was so slathered in sauce I could hardly find it.

But goodness did I enjoy my drink! And the ambiance of the place was spectacular!  They had Michael Jackson's coat!!!!!!!! 

I don't need to return to another Hard Rock Cafe.
Any time there's a HRC nearby, I have to stop by an get a shirt.  I've been a fan since I was a kid.  But if it's out of the way, like their location in Puerto Vallarta, forget it.  This one was conveniently located for me, right in the heart of the city, and absurdly close to where we were staying at The Ritz-Carlton.  They're part of the Reading Terminal Market building but not within the market itself, and is close to the city's main attractions like the Mint, Independence Hall, and the Liberty Bell Center.

ATMOSPHERE:
The restaurant almost blends right in with the historic building, sans for the humongous, bold guitar above the front entry.  I only ventured into the Rock Shop which was tiny like how most of them are.  Selection was good and everything organized.

ROCK SHOP:
I always try to purchase a uniquely-designed t-shirt, something other than the original logo on a white shirt, which is my last resort.  At the time, they had a solid gray color with a dark gray distressed/puffy original logo, and city name, so I snatched it right up.  Prices are of course high just for a t-shirt at $25.  The only negative about this t-shirt is that it comes out wrinkled from the dryer, even with wrinkle guard on.  But, it is super soft so that's a plus.

RESTAURANT:
Sorry, but my traveling rule prohibits me from eating at a place that's available in my hometown lol.  The only exception was when we were in London as I HAD to eat at the original locale!  I did have some chicken marsala there that was pretty delish.

OVERALL:
Just another HRC, but in a very historic city.
I ordered the Guinness and Jameson burger and I found it delicious. I was intrigued by the bacon jam. I found the fries delicious too! With this yummy cheese sauce. Well maybe it was really cuz I was cheating on my diet. Lol. So im giving it 4 stars cuz the hostess seated us where they had a digital photo booth that was not a booth but a screen on the wall. We just took lots of photos. I really liked how the kids meals came in these cute guitar plates. I wish they had those when I was a kid.
It's been awhile since I've been in Philly and every time I travel I eat at a Hard Rock.  It had been a while since I was in Philly and at the Hard Rock Cafe.

We ordered 2 Vanilla Shakes with no whip cream.   First off they used to come in Hurricane Glasses.  Instead they came in small glasses.   They came loaded with more whip cream than actual milk shake.  When brought to the waitress attention she proceeded to tell us differently.   We sent 1 of them back.

We ordered 2 cheese burgers rare.   They took forever to get delivered.  When they were delivered they weren't rare, they were raw and cold.  The cheese wasn't even melted, that's how cold the food was.   At this point we were so disgusted that we took a few bites and sent it back.

I give the waitress my All Access card and she says this is no longer accepted.   That it hasn't been accepted in 2 years.   That's interesting since I just used it in October in the Bahamas. 

Bottom line stay away from this place.   Not worth it anymore.
I was traveling in Philly for a conference and stopped here during happy hour with two colleagues before we attended an evening function. No longer a drinker, I ordered a soda water and lime.  One of my mates had two beers, the other a glass of wine. 

The bills came, separately. Two beers were $6.60. Wine was $4. My soda water? $4. FOUR DOLLARS. This was soda water, from the soda gun. Not some fancy ass sparkling water. You know, carbonated H20 and a wedge of lime. Yet somehow this was the same price as wine, and MORE expensive than a beer. 

I'm not necessarily looking for special treatment. Though when I stopped drinking 421 days ago, I noticed that bars tend to comp a soda, especially if you're with drinkers. However, if a place chooses to charge me, ok I'll accept that. What I find UNACCEPTABLE, however, is that soda isn't part of a happy hour. In no world should alcohol cost less than a fucking soda, or really what is a mixer. I suppose that my drink would have been cheaper with a shot well vodka in it. Which I find to be absurd. I shouldn't be required to pay more for a cheaper product because I don't drink alcohol. Obviously as a recovering alcoholic, I typically avoid happy hours, but due to my job often have work events at bars - soda is usually free during happy hour. At most I've spent $2. 

I'm giving it 3 stars however because 1)) the atmosphere was pleasant, and 2) the happy hour deals were great fort two colleagues. I know I must sound like an epic cheapskate for bitching about $4, but it's the principal that bothers me.
This was my first choice for a restaurant in Philly.  But the majority voted and decided and so we all went. 

One look at the menu options and I wanted to get up and leave. I'm not one to place that much sodium and calories knowingly into my body from just one meal!  Its crazy they place so much sodium in a plain burger order!

Given a choice I would not be entering into a Hard Rock Cafe in the future.
I wanted to give this place one star because the service was atrocious, but the food was pretty tasty once we got it, so I sort of feel like throwing them a bone.

We were seated right away at lunch time and our server came immediately to take drink orders.  He was gone for a long time after that, which was a foreshadow of the meal's service to come.  Once he came back, he enticed us with specials and all the different sides available (like cheesy fries, onion rings, etc.).  We decided to go all out and get something other than the standard 'fries' with our lunches, so we ordered.

The food was pretty good.  I recommend the pulled pork and my mom really liked the beef sandwich.  My cheesy fries were pretty delicious and it was a yummy lunch overall.

Then the bill came.  Not only did he charge us dinner prices for our entrees (even though we had lunch menus with the same items, different prices and it was NOON) but he upcharged all of the side items that we ordered.  He made it seem as though they were included but the upcharge was almost $5 for each entree.  The dinner prices were outrageous, too.  $21 for my mom's beef sandwich (plus that $5 upcharge) and $18 for my pulled pork (plus another $5).  

The lunch prices were high enough (the pulled pork was supposed to be $12), but $20 for dinner entrees?!  A sandwich?!  Not worth it at a place that is just known for being a kitschy chain.  Our bill for a lunch was over $50 and the server refused for a few minutes to even get a manager.  Once he (reluctantly) did, our prices were adjusted, but we still ended up paying over $40 with tip.  Just not worth it for lunch, especially when the service was this bad.

Skip for sure.
Most awful experience ever sharon Lia band was more interested in a photo shoot than paying attention to the people who paid to see them 
. Camera men were standing in the front of the stage and blocked our view and I couldn't get a buzz on if I wanted to cause the waitress went missing. Just an awful night and a huge waist of my hard earned money
I knew it was going to be a tourist trap but at the same time when your hungry you end up in whatever restaurant is closest even though you know it wont be that great. The interior is fun, lots of music icons and famous peoples junk everywhere. 
Its always a bad sign when you walk into a restaurant and no one has their meal yet. I should have known.... 

The servers were friendly but I could tell they all were really laid back and not in any rush to get people in and out. The only good thing about waiting so long to get your food is that they play music videos and they were actually all good songs, otherwise I would have been bored to death waiting for my meal. 

The food was not bad not great. It was just boring high priced food. 
I got a guacamole cheeseburger, it was pretty good since they put the guacamole under the cheese so it wont fall out of your burger, Im surprised other places dont do it this way. Besides the cool trick there was nothing super tasty. 
My mom got nachos which looked super boring and they didnt have much on them. 

To make matters worse the bill was almost $45? what the heck! rip off! 
I will not be coming back and I hope other people learn from our mistake.
Now that I've started eating hamburgers not otherwise made by my mom or grandmother, I've in fact discovered that the burgers at Hard Rock (specifically the Big Cheese--just your standard, plain jane cheeseburger) are pretty amazing.  A bit overpriced, but they taste great.   Also, they have recently added dessert "bites," which are miniature dessert portions a lot like the dessert shooters at Applebee's, except in a taller glass and in more variations.  Lately I have been to Hard Rock to see Soraia and my friend Victoria Spaeth's band, Victoria Spaeth and the Spaeth Cadets.  If I'm not mistaken, there are a few performances each month with a free cover or suggested donation towards the specified charity.   

Always a fun time!
So I finally got the twisted Mac and cheese! I'm usually always getting burgers or Salmon but a Co worker I travel with always gets the twisted mac so I figured it was time! It was good and I can recommend it but I should have gotten the Salmon! I saw someone else with it and I was regretting I didn't get it... oh well, I'll be back soon. I've been to more HRCs around the world then I can even remember, always good times, with good music and pretty decent food!
It looks cool and sounds good inside but the food I ordered wasn't perfect. I got the Salmon and it was just kind of over-cooked. The smashed potatoes were pretty damn good though!!!

Nothing stellar, but still fun place to eat.
This was a blast from the past, as I have not been to a Hard Rock Cafe in a very long time. Quite honestly I thought they closed all their locations and were only doing casinos now.

I was in Philadelphia on business and decided to take a newly promoted manager out to lunch to celebrate her success. She has never been to the hard rock café so we took her there. Same old same old but she had fun since it was a new experience for her. Our server Charles was darling and extremely prompt and professional so was thankful for that experience since we were on lunch.

I had the Tupelo entrée which is basically chicken tenders for adults, ha ha. My manager had grilled salmon and she said hers was delicious, my chicken tenders were very good.

If it had not been for Charles I think the customer service piece of this experience would not of been a good one. I watched the seating host and a couple of other servers as they walked around doing their jobs and they seemed to not really enjoy what they were doing. That's unfortunate I highly suggest getting in a line of work that makes you happy.

There are too many other good places to eat in this part of downtown Philadelphia so I don't think I would go back. When I was much younger I used to collect Hard Rock Cafe T-shirts from every city that I would go to so when I passed the gift shop that put a smile on my face, good memories there.

#hardrockcafe #boomerbitchreviews
The food and service are so disgusting, I can't imagine people actually PLAN to come here.  It's more of a spur of the moment as in my case.  It was like "Oh, Hard Rock, let's eat there".  NEVER AGAIN.

The worst restaurant experience I've had in years.  As in NEVER coming here again.  From service to food to attitude the place was horrible.  My first beer took about 10 minutes and my dates Banana-Berry frozen drink AT FIRST took about 15 minutes because they "Ran out of Bananas".  I went right to the bar and had the bartender bring us one out.  The next beer I ordered two because I knew the wait was going to be forever.  

The queue at the front door was ridiculous and half the tables were dirty and empty with all the server chit chatting in the kitchen.  I was sitting at the bar area with my back to the bar in those overflow seats so I could see this happening clear as day.  My Fish and Chips were completely under cooked, and I had to scrape away the uncooked batter just to see a slimy cod fish.  I asked for fries well done as in "extra crispy"...I don't even have to tell you what I got.  

Price wise, you are better off going to a Joe's Crab Shack or Longhorn Steakhouse.
As a lover of music, what I like about the Hard Rock Cafés, whether it be faux or not, is the rock n' roll memorabilia that line the walls within any HR is an experience in itself.
Philly is no different. Sure I've been at this HR location several times & yes, the service is hit & miss but mostly miss. More often than not, I'll surpass the dining experience & mosey up to the bar for a couple cocktails. 
If & when I do decide to dine, I hit up the burger side of the menu. Really hard to eff up a burger...but some how its always just barely above average. Aren't ALL HRs like this? I've never been "wow'd" by anything in a Hard Rock menu.
I've been to a lot of them & they're all pretty much the same...if you've never experienced a Hard Rock, try it. Some people hate it, some love it. Find out which side of the fence you reside on. 

3.5 stars for HR Philly.

Eat, drink & be merry. deez® out!
I've eaten at Hard Rock Philly maybe about twice over the past 9 years I've lived in Pennsylvania and from what I can remember, the experiences were both pretty good.  The last time I ate there was in October 2005, right before my meet and greet with Hanson and then seeing them in concert at the Trocadero (see my review of the Trocadero).  The grilled salmon (with a side of penne pasta) was rockin'.  For dessert, I ordered this monstrous brownie sundae (I was unaware of how big it was and discovered that the brownie was buried under baseball-sized heaps of ice cream!) that when the waitress brought it to the table, she called it "the brownie of doom."  On that note, the waitress was really cool and I had happened to mention to her that I was going to meet Hanson shortly after I left the restaurant--she didn't tease me for being a Hanson fan; she just thought it was cool that they were willing to do meet and greets at all, being that her favorite band was Nine Inch Nails.  She said that she was going to see them in concert and that she didn't think Trent Reznor would ever in a million years do a meet and greet.  

The location is very convenient for me; just a hop on the train and get off at Market East, and I'm there!
I used to seek out Hard Rock Cafe's when I visited other cites in the 90's and early 2000's now not so much.  I usually go for the weekly radio show.  The food is average at best. It's a gimmick restaurant. 

To me they need more variety.  I mean they have burgers, wings and chicken fingers and fries.  I go every week and I am sick of the food already haha. Oh well at least the show is entertaining.  Maybe they could do weekly specials or something to change it up.
I wanted to have lunch in the Reading Terminal but got out voted and we ended up at the Hard Rock.
I was disappointed to be at the Hard Rock as I was looking forward to something different in the Terminal. 
I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised with how good our lunch was! The burger was big and really great, as were the fries & onion rings.
I couldn't help but remember how amazing the last burger I had was ( a few years ago ) at the Down home diner ( in the Reading Terminal ) . I was really happy that the Hard Rock burger was really , really great and as good as you can get from a chain restaurant. It helped ease the pain of missing out on a chance to eat at the Reading Terminal.
I have been to many Hard Rocks and this location was pretty good , didn't seem to have as much memorabilia as others I have visited but honestly who cares.
I would definitely come back and get a burger again!
Ok - it's a chain and I normally hate chains.

This place is the smallest Hard Rock I have ever seen...however I ordered a cowboy ribeye and holy crap it was amazing!!!  Great taste, perfectly cooked and the mashed potatoes that came with it were awesome.

Never thought I would say this - but I'd definitely go back for that steak!!!  Nom nom
Why all the hate? It sounds like most of the negative reviews are from people who came here for an event, and we just came for lunch, so maybe that's why.

I personally had a great time. From the badass decor to the memorabilia on the walls (My Chemical Romance! Stevie Nicks!), it was way more fun than your typical lunch experience.

I had a few Citrus Marys, the Original Legendary Burger and the parmesan romano fries with garlic aoili. Loved everything but the fries. I'm picky about my fries. These just weren't crispy enough.

Our waitress was very sweet and helpful.

We even got a complimentary commemorative pint glass! And we got to sing along to the Spice Girls and 90s Britney while we waited for our Uber outside under the speakers.
HARD Rocks can't be around in  5 yrs or less.  Late flight in and needed chow not many options.  Ordered the Philly steak...should have read the menu closer...because it listrd it....bit wth who puts cheese whiz on a Philly Steak???  I wouldn't feed Trump' s kids let alone my own cheese whiz.  Last time him to this chain.  Horrid, terrible, ech!
I've rated this Hard Rock at 3 stars only because I'm a usual fan. I love to visit as many HRC as I can, and do not mistake me, I LOVE THE CHAIN !!! Food is good, but the ambience, the memorabilia is always fun to see and the music just makes the whole experience so much more enjoyable. However, the HRC in Philadelphia is pretty small and I had to wait quite a bit for my order. Though. the waiter was really nice to me when I told him there was a mistake in my order.

In brief, if you have never been in an HRC, you should go as soon as possible, however, if you know you did not like the ambience in previous HRC visits from any location in the world, then this one will not raise your opinion in any way. An OK restaurant if you don't like the chain in general.
I went here for a quick lunch with my boyfriend. We were greeted by the hostess, who was much more friendly and personable than any other hostess I've ever met at a restaurant. I like how they tell you right away where the bathrooms are, just in case you need them. Boyfriend remarked that the atmosphere is very much toned down from the other HRCs he's been to in various cities, and we attributed this to them wanting to attract tourists and families.

The service was fast, but our main gripe was that everything on the menu is pretty unhealthy. When your salads START at 700 calories and burgers are 1200+, I think it's time to reevaluate your cooking methods. Of course, this is the curse of Philly's required calorie count on menus--it may be this bad at other places, too, but they don't all show the calorie count. Anyway, I decided on a chicken breast on a roll, with a side of fruit, and boyfriend got a burger and fries. It was decent but nothing too special. Also, our waitress was nice, but she overcharged our bill at first. We didn't notice, and luckily we were lingering for about 20 minutes after we took care of the check. I don't understand why it took that long to realize the error, but it wasn't a huge deal (I think it was off by $0.11.) 

Overall, I don't think we'll return to this location.
I was stuck downtown on my day off and wanted a burger. I went to the nearby Chili's and the line was out the door so I decided to walk down to HRC for lunch by myself.
I had a side Caesar ($4.00), a Coke ($3.60) and a Legend Burger ($14.95). After leaving a tip my bill was $30.00 bucks. Sorry that's a little steep for a burger, side salad and a Coke. Everything was fine, service, food etc., but this is a tourist trap. If I was in NY I would expect to spend that much but the HRC isn't anything that fancy or unique.
It's late and we wanted a drink or 5 so we headed to the Rock.... Ok we were going to a Halloween pop up bar but the line was around the block. Never had a bad time at any Hard Rock and this was no different. Only wish we didn't eat earlier because the hamburgers smell great. 
I didn't want to go to some Halloween bar with girls dressed up in sexy costumes anyway ; )
Some of my students and I stopped here  the day before thanksgiving. The service was great. I made a reservation online for 10 of us at 4:15pm. I didn't kind it being a little early as they had a group of 150 coming in at 5:30pm. We were seated  within 15 minutes of arriving and had our drinks shortly after sitting at our table. Our waiter was very attentive and did a fantastic job meeting all of our needs. The restaurant looked very clean and the service and food was great. Will be going back again if I have to stay overnight in Philly again.
a friend and i had a little too much to drink last night, so naturally we decided to do some early saturday morning shopping on empty stomachs. after a couple of hours, we decided to finally nourish ourselves. smh. well, hard rock cafe was nearby and i've never been so why not? 

as soon as we walked in, we were greeted by a friendly hostess who gave us the option of the bar or a booth. being pretty tired and with shopping bags, we decided on the booth. our server was quick to introduce himself and get our orders. i will say this about the place - it is VERY touristy so i guess in a great location, near many hotels. it's fun...a little cheesy and tacky but fun. we both decided on a pomegranate mule made with vodka, pomegranate something and ginger beer. sounded really refreshing. while my friend enjoyed it, it was still a little sweet and flat for my taste. but at $9, you know i drank the whole thing! lol

i ordered the bbq bacon cheeseburger medium. the patty was cooked perfectly and was nice and juicy but a little bland. also, i wish that there was some more bbq sauce and/or pickles with it. there was barely any sauce on my burger. the fries come with some kind of chipotle-like-creamy-something sauce which was ok, but i decided i like classic ketchup better. the fries were hot and fresh though so that's good. 

our server was a tad bit awkward but very sweet and efficient. would i go out of my way to dine here again? probably not. if i was in the area and felt like it though? sure, why not. btw love poison's skull guitar and stevie nick's dress on the walls. 

they also sell some hard rock cafe paraphenilia for the tourists. thumbs up.
The burgers are amazing! (Kind of pricey though). There are also plenty of drink options if you're feeling the need to have a couple of signature drinks! The service was kind of slow for a not so crowded place, but that does not take away from the flavorful burger!
I have never been so disgusted with a restaurant in my life. Came to the Hardrock for dinner and I will never come back. Got seated at 6:15pm and ordered drinks and food. Told the server to bring food out as it was done so that we had hot food on the table. 6:50 pm.. NO SIGN OF THE SERVER. Around 7pm we finally get all of our food AT ONCE! The nachos came out with a gelatinous layer over the cheese that had been sitting for sometime. The burgers were soggy and ice cold. The shrimp may have well as been served on ice. Manager comes out and tells us that he is going to fix everything at around 7:10... fast forward to 7:25 he comes back out with another plate of COLD nachos!!! Manager offered to comp the deal due to all the issues... I wish they could give me the past two hours of my life back!
We all Know this is a tourist trap, but it's close to the hotel and if you need something quick to eat this is it.  Traditional American fast food.  Great happy hour starting at 4pm on weekdays.  Apps, wine, and cocktails deals.  Cheap but consistent.  Save the fine dining experience for later on in your trip to philly.  This is a "I just got off the plane and I need food now" stop.  Nachos were good and on the happy hour menu.
I made reservations for my friend (who was visiting from Orlando) and I for 2:00 PM on a Friday. I requested in my OpenTable reservation to be seated at a booth. However, when the hostess seated us, we were seated at a table (even though there were a few booths empty). 

Upon looking at the menu, my friend and I did not realize how many calories all of the entrees were. Everything on the menu was at least 1200 calories. Even some salads were close to 2000 calories! My Nana told me later on that there is a menu for people watching their carbs/calories, although I did not see such a menu. 

I ordered a Diet Coke. We did not want to leave the table without ordering at least something, so I ordered the New York Cheesecake and my friend ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Boozy Milkshake. My cheesecake was delicious, especially with the strawberry sauce. Very very filling (that's all I had for Lunch and was full for a couple hours). My friend said her milkshake was delicious.

Our waitress was Julia and she was very sweet and constantly asking us how everything tasted and if everything came out okay. Excellent service!!
Empty tables on a Saturday night, yet it took 20 minutes to be seated due to both an understaffed situation for a Saturday night, as well of an incompetence within the ranks of the wait staff. Table of 5, once seated, 10 minutes until 1st visit from waitress, 15 minutes until first round of beverages, 15 minutes before app (Nachos... nuthin' fancy here) 20 minutes before basic burger orders arrived after that. As far as rock & roll goes, these guys are ill-equipped, out-of-tune, and I wouldn't even show up for sound check next time. If you are in this neighborhood and are looking for a cool place, go to Bud & Marilyn's for some good food and a cool mid century atmosphere.
By far the best restaurant in center city. nice view, good food, and its up on the top floor. i love the burgers. and i love the good lemonade! the no fuss eating policy is great too. revolving restaurant! i'll be back!
I've decided that Hard Rock is a TGI Fridays or Applebees with much more expensive decor.

That being said, is it worth it to come here? I suppose if you're a pop or rock music paraphernalia addict and like your food to be only middlin' to okay, depending on the dish - burger was probably the best-done meal here (pasta was not firm and the salad was bitterly strange). A decent place to grab a drink, though.  Steer clear otherwise.
I ended up at the Hard Rock Cafe on a Monday night after a Cake Tasting event at the Lowes Hotel across the street. We'd never been to one and thought it would be a good experience. After dropping off a few things at the car and reading the yelp reviews, I was ready for a very bad dinner. 

I was wrong! We were seated right away towards the center of the room. I was amazed by all of the wonderful items on the walls. I couldn't stop looking around. Our drink orders were taken and brought to us quickly. There is a book of facts which I found interesting to read while we waited for our food. 

We both had the New York strip steak with a garlic butter sauce. It was amazing! Perfectly cooked and flavorful. The mashed potatoes were very thick but the gravy really helps it out a lot. Even the broccoli was perfectly cooked. Its amazing how many restaurants don't get the vegetables right. 

The Hard Rock Cafe was a good experience for us. I find myself curious about what the other locations have on their walls. I would definitely recommend this place (maybe on an off night based on other reviews).
I came here with a group of 4 for an impromptu dinner on a Wednesday night after a long day at the Convention Center. The restaurant was just getting busy & we had a 15 minute wait.

We were seated in the main area by the "main stage." There was a woman singing & hawking CDs up there, but judging by the faces of the diners around our table, I can assume that no one purchased her album. The speakers were so loud that we had to yell to each other & yell our orders to the server ...

... which is probably why our server kept forgetting our drink orders. His excuse for a beer taking 20 minutes? "I looked over at the bar, and I didn't see your drink there, so I assumed someone took it to your table already." A quick glance at our table would've solved that puzzle, sir. And when he brought the beer, I ordered a glass of wine ... which didn't come until I was halfway done with my entree. Asking if I wanted dessert & coffee when I still had half a glass of wine left? Awkward.

The food was good, which is Hard Rock's only saving grace. The service was slow & lazy, & the ambiance is just irritating. The proximity to the Convention Center would make you think that Hard Rock was all business ... but they were less than professional when we were there. Next time I'm in Philadelphia, I'd recommend taking the time to find a local restaurant instead.
Cutting to the chase - Philadelphia has phenomenal food. There were business reasons why I ended up at Hard Rock Cafe and it isn't at Philly standards. Of course, on a hot summer early evening, sitting curbside, sipping beer, watching escorts and beggars walk by is great. Beer? Sam Adams is the best they could do. Not bad. Just like Boston. Except that the delivery of a pint doesn't take 15 minutes in Boston. Food? Ribs were bearable but certainly not fall-of-the-bones deliciousness. Service? Our waitress was nice so we blamed the slow operation on hidden portion of the staff.
We visited this hard rock on a friday evening and it was pretty slow. Even still out food took forever to come out and the burger that was supposed to be medium well and it was rare. The food is usually good and ordered how we like. We were on a time constraint so we had to just deal with it rather then send it back. They have a great drink selection especially fruity drinks which are what i really like. The waiter was friendly but i was not completely saitisfied with him since out order did not come out competely correct. Prices are average- about $10.99 for a burger and fries. Alcoholic drinks range from $7-10 depending on what you get. Location is near then convention center so in walking distance to many hotels if you are visitng. I am sure i will eat at Hard rock again somewhere in my travels it just probably wont be this one.
I went to Hard Rock Cafe on a Tuesday day for a late dinner and went to sit at a booth with a couple a buddies, I was very excited because it was my first day in Philly. They greeted us very unethically but wasn't rude or mean. They asked for our order, I ordered a cheeseburger. Waited... Waited... Then while other tables with as same number of people got their food first. Then finally they gave us our food, as they were giving us our food I asked for some barbaque sause for my burger. Waited for 5 minutes, asked again, waited 5 minutes. Asked again, waited 5 minutes. Asked again, waited 3 minutes and finally gave it to us. Finally I could eat my burger and it was pretty good. The French fries came with it and it was pretty apeitizing. After that I was pretty happy. I paid for my check and I was satisfied. Then my buddies walked into the gift shop and they were not happy at all because all of my buddies walked in their at once. They wouldn't allow one of my friends to walk in with us because 'only five people were allowed'. 

Over all this restaurant had very good food, but not the best staff. Good luck next time.
Middle of the road.

I just hosted an event for work here, and the servers were hanging in there even though there was a sudden huge crowd that seemed to be moving around and mostly not staying in one place. So, service...pretty great and on point from what I could see.

Food: I only managed to scarf down the veggie burger. It was delicious and the put fresh zucchini and squash and salsa on it, which I thought was fantastic. Unfortunately, the bun gets to soggy it sort of starts to slide off and you dont have much to hold on to half way through. I tried some of my friends mac & cheese which had some red pepper in it and that was too die for, though (i'm a fiend for mac & cheese) and had a little spicy kick to it. Pretty good fries. But yes, expensive food. And most of the stuff here will run you a pretty penny. and will be almost half or all of your daily caloric intake (the calorie count on the menu made my heart skip a beat...and not in that romantic way...more in that "i'm about to have an actual heart attack" sort of way cause there's so much sodium and calories in their food.

Atmosphere: LOVE IT. this is what the place has going best for it. I'm a nerd for rock n roll and music history in general. There's drum sets played by Ginger Baker, clothing worn by John Lennon and Elton John, Jimmy Page's guitar, Stevie Nicks' boots, old concert photos, and more. I sometimes find it strange that something like rock n roll is smashed into a corporate chain restaurant but i guess there is always something two sided about the music industry, too.

This place is middle of the road. I doubt I would come here often (only because its PHILADELPHIA, and you can get so much delicious local food at other places within walking distance, you'd have to be a tourist to really CHOOSE to go here). But hey, I won't rule it out. I had a pretty good experience. Only took away stars for the price and the fact that most of this stuff is not good for your waistline/health.
Pretty crappy experience in this over priced tourist trap.  Went there for lunch before the end of the year.  Would have never entertained the notion of going to an HRC in the city I live in but had to use an expiring gift certificate.  Got the appetizer sampler for the table which is the best thing they offer and the fish and chips.  All was going well except that when it came to pay we were charged for a virgin drink.  It's understandable that my beer plus souvenir glass was not covered under the gift cert, but that waiter thought it was the biggest order to ask the manager to get the non-alcoholic drink taken off our bill.  Problems were compounded when trying get parking validated.  Apparently the voucher HRC gave us was only good on the weekend. So for less than two hours of parking it was $18 which is absurd and the whole ordeal for Lunch with a gift cert still was more expensive than choosing a far better restaurant in the city.
I am not a fan of Hard Rock Cafe food or drinks, I mean, I really have to bribe the bartenders to put alcohol in my drinks.  I noticed that this is a universal phenomena, from LA to Brazil, to Mexico.  

However, I do like the rock and roll memorabilia, not The artist formerly known as Prince who now calls himself Prince again sheer shirt, but other items, like the Jimi Hendrix guitar on display, and I am also a fan of their shot glasses, particularly the ones that are a deviation from their normal Save the Planet logo. 

With all that being said, our waiter really freaked me out.  Why?  Because he reminded me of a serial killer in training.  The food as weird as a goop that it was, went down well because I hadn't eaten all day  and I had been on the road since 3 AM.
"Tourist trap."

I went with a friend on the spur of the moment a few weeks ago.  We thought we'd drop in to see a mutual acquaintance who worked there.  Bad idea.  It was a Saturday night and there was a junior-high-aged cheerleading competition of some kind in town:  the Hard Rock was jammed with pony-tails, glitter, and terrycloth shorts with "CHEER" emblazoned across the ass.

People who couldn't get a table just took their party of fourteen into the bar and took over every table while their kids ran back and forth.  After enduring it for about 30 minutes I tried to stab myself to death with a butter knife but was stopped by a hefty real estate agent from Minneapolis who was in town with her nieces.

If the staff had done something -- anything -- to maintain order (like keeping the little treasures out of the bar area) it would have been ok, but this was an "N-I-G-H-T-M-A-R-E . . . nightmare! Go! Go! Go!"
I came to the Hard Rock Cafe for the first time for a Networking event I was invited to through LinkedIn.  It was a great opportunity and I am glad I got to experience it. It's cool that the Hard Rock hosts things like that. The food was ok. I had the chicken BLT club sandwich. That was really good! The fries though we're room temperature and soggy. I also did not like the spice on the fries. Overall it was good though.
The server seemed a little snippy like she was overwhelmed but she was as friendly as she could be. Smile more though :)
Bartenders were great. The hosts/hostesses were very friendly and smiley. There were a couple of them up there. Good times but I wouldn't drive the 45 minutes there just for the food.
What a disappointment!  Went here for lunch on a Thursday.  Server (Christopher) was completely unattentive.  Food took 27 minutes to come out...and we just got burgers.  Asked to pay as soon as the food came out since we were on a limited timeframe.  Took forever to get rung up.  Skip this place and go somewhere else.
As someone who was fleeing from the Philadelphia Flower Show, I guess I get what I deserve by having a drink at the Hard Rock Cafe.

This is not to say that our bartender didn't do a great job -- she did.  Drinks were expertly made and quickly delivered.  its the atmosphere in which the drinks were consumed was the problem.

I thought New York's Hard Rock Cafe was cheesy, but this one takes the Velveeta.  Why do they make poor tourists wait when there are empty tables?  Why is the bar area only slightly bigger than a postage stamp?  Why do the appetizers come out burnt? Why do I even care?

I think next time I need to flee the Flower Show, I should run a few more blocks further.
Food was sub par, the fajitas had like 4 big chunks of steak on a bed of raw vegies.  Drinks were fine. I would  suggest local fare over this food for sure.
Great atmosphere, if you like rock music i guess. It is kind of expensive but the i got made it worth it. I got rock chop, i think that is what it was called, it was pork chop with some really good sauce. the mash potatoes were good too.
Food was good and so was service. The only issue we had was that all of our food wasn't brought out at the same time but they did comp us free dessert and apologized about this. Overall, pretty good.
Not thrilled with the menu. Over priced, small selection. Not my favorite chain.
OK so it';s been a while since I rock and rolled so I took myself over to the HARD ROCK CAFE IN PHILLY. HARD ROCK YOU SAY???? There was absolutely no vibe of HARD ROCK whatsoever! The music was pop, bubblegum if you will. The drinks were horribly watered down. 

I went to the HARD ROCK CAFE IN NYC and HAD  a fabulous time. The music and the people were true to it's name, HARD ROCK CAFE  the complete opposite of my experience in Philadelphia. On an add'l note I had asked the bartender about the music being changed over to ROCK AND ROLL which she then proceeded to tell me that the music a mixed playlist. Seriously? NO ROCK AND ROLL AT THE HARD ROCK CAFE???????????? You lost me it's back to the BIG APPLE FOR ME!
our server was big on the up-sell, asking us about 5 different times if we wanted to get wings as an app. really? does it look like i want wings? also a bummer: we weren't allowed to sit at the bar because one of my friends has an expired license. he is 30, and said he wouldn't order any alcohol if it would solve the issue. but no, we were forced to grab a table.

i hadnt been to a HRC since probably 2007, and that was in Dublin, so i obliged a friend who wanted to take a trip to our local philly spot. my salad was DRENCHED in dressing, and i had some bacon bits in there despite specifically asking for NO bacon bits. ugggggh.

the atmosphere is about the same as you'd expect at any other HRC -- some guitars and old autographed records on the walls. there was a flatscreen near us playing old music videos. live music some nights, fridays i think. i guess that's why you're really going to visit here anyway, not the food.
1) What is it that women want?
2) What is all the hype about Hard Rock Cafes?

These two questions I feel will haunt me to the grave.  The Hard Rock is nothing special...at all...period.  Sure the Philadelphia chapter is home to a  sheer black shirt that Prince wore on stage during the '90s (seriously, this is one of the items listed on the website), but is that what you are going to a restaurant for?  I understand that the Hard Rock is a tourist hot spot and me being a local, I am not supposed to eat there.  But I would never pick a Hard Rock to eat at unless it was my last choice.  Sorry, I just don't get it. And sorry ladies, I don't get you either, why do you always make us poor guys guess what you're thinking? Use your words.
Honestly some of the best food I've had in a while, 10/10 service and they were very accommodating of my food allergies along with that they insured everything was good and I couldn't be happier, definitely go here if you're in the area looking for a good bite.
I love when I go somewhere and ask for a gf menu and it's readily brought to me with no problem. I was craving a burger and fries.. topped it off with a Miscow mule (gf Tito's vodka) the best combo ever
I think the Hard Rock is a cool concept, but for some reason it was something I could never get into. I went here this past Friday night. We were hungry, we were on Market east, and it was friggin' cold. The giant electric guitar towering above the entrance to the Philly Hard Rock cafe was a welcoming enough sight for 2 starved and very cold people. Now, the first thing most people say is how expensive this place is, I won't disagree. The food is a little overpriced for what you get, but I guess you are also paying somewhat for the quasi-rock and roll museum experience that the restaurant offers. While I was there, I didn't see anyone walking around, peering at the various tidbits of music memorabilia scattered all over the walls. I don't blame them, I have been to several Hard Rock's in my life, and never have once bothered to look at what they housed as far as memorabilia. The bartender was well-abled enough to mix my vodka tonic properly (but of course that's a really easy drink to make). As an appetizer we got nachos, nothing special there, except the high price tag. My entree was a Hawaiian marinated chicken. VERY GOOD, sweet and savory. It came with steamed broccoli that was a little rubbery and had absolutely no seasoning at all, very bland. The mashed potatoes were very thin and tasted like instant. The chicken is what saved my dish from being dissapointing. My companion ordered a strip steak, which he ordered medium, but it looked very much like medium rare when he got it (the way I prefer it, but not him). Not being picky, he ate it anyway. Our server was right on top of things despite it being busy, and even the manager stopped by our table to see how everything was going. The manager also ran out some condiments for my chicken that apparently the server forgot about (My chicken was supposed to come with diced pineapple and scallions, a fact that I was not aware of either, but happy he caught it nonetheless). 3 vodka tonics later I was feeling pretty good and not as critical as I usually am, which is probably why I didn't make such a big deal about the almost $80 bill. The Hard Rock has always reminded me of an Applebee's or TGI Friday's that thinks it's something better or more upscale, but it's really not.
The food is good, but I feel like you can get the same dishes elsewhere for a cheaper price. You are paying for the brand name. Same goes for the tropical drinks - good, sugary, but overpriced. The reason I gave this place three stars instead of two is because I am a rock girl at heart - love rock music, love the decor of the restaurant, and the overall ambience /rockabilly of this establishment.
I feel like I am a bad Philadelphian for actually kind of liking this place. But ya know what? Deep down inside I am a typical middle class American who likes crazy caloric burgers and fake cheese nachos. (Okay, maybe not so deep down inside.) 

Stopped by here tonight because it was three degrees outside and I can get here in like two minute fast walk. Haven't been here since post renovations, and the place looks pretty nice. Although, I do think that it's kind of weird there are two completely separate rooms that aren't even attached to each other. We sat in the smaller "Philadelphia Room," which was nice although a little drafty. 

The menu is large with a calorie count to match. Don't even try being healthy here, and definitely don't look at the sodium count. Anyways, the food was delivered fast and hot and hit the spot. My fellow diners recommended the spring rolls, and the burgers. 

Service was friendly and accommodating.

Drinks are sweet and yummy although probs overpriced for the actual amount of liquor you get.
This place actually deserves 2 stars, but our waitress pushed it up to 3. She was great ! Her name was Lauren and she had the art of being attentive but not annoying ! Food was awful, I know- what do I expect- but this was really a disappointment .We both got burgers- messy, greasy and just gross. EXPENSIVE for what you got. No more for me !
I went out to lunch with a group of coworkers, who decided last minute to go to Hard Rock. I had misgivings, but I decided to give it a chance. The first thing you see walking in is the gift shop, the host made sure we saw it. We quickly discovered that up-selling is an important part of the dining experience at Hard Rock. The waiter picked up where the host left off with a run-down of how we can make their over priced menu items pricier. Why order a beer for $6 when you can keep the glass for just twice as much. Why just get fries with your meal when you can "upgrade" to cheese fries or onion rings. They must pressure their people to really push this stuff, because our waiter barreled through his sales pitch for each order despite everyone's lack of interest. 

Long after our order, we got our food. It wasn't awful, just really salty, but the menu gives you fair warning about the sodium and the calories of all their "food". Only a few items on the menu are under 1000 calories and everything is excessively salty. For hours later my coworkers and I complained of indigestion. 

And on a side note, for a place that celebrates rock music, there was nothing on the walls of old rock junk that even acknowledged punk rock. What a joke.
Meh.   Adequate.   We went just to show the kids the memorabilia.   We ended up splitting a club sandwich (which was huge but just OK).   

Luckily for them, they're close to many hotels within walking distance.
It sure is touristy, but the menu is diverse with a wide selection. Service is great, staff is obviously well trained.

Best: there desert menu is a physical tray brought out to show you everything they have. It's quite a display! 

Worst: ratatouille was bland. But this isn't exactly a french bistro.

I got the turkey burger and boyfriend got the legendary burger, both delicious :)
I came here with a friend on a Saturday afternoon and sat at the bar to have a couple beers.  We had a local brew, Yards IPA.  It was very good.  I also had Hard Rock's Original Legendary Burger which was cooked a perfect medium.  Delicious.  Our bartenders/servers were friendly and attentive providing excellent service.  Bonus:  We took home some some souvenir Philadelphia Hard Rock Cafe Pint Plus glasses.
The service and hostess were great. The food was not. Had the beef brisket sandwich and was disappointed. The bread was half burnt and the beef brisket was full of chunks of fat. Would not order that again.

My partner in crime had the shrimp platter and thought it was good, it was a bit salty but in par for the price.
No no no no. I mean you can't expect too much at a Hard Rock but this was absolutely ridiculous. From the drinks to just food it was that. Just very plain good. Not a whole lot goes into this place. I can blame a waitress but kitchen and bar seemed to be very slow. 

Just wouldn't waste my time here or any other hard rock for that matter.
I have to agree with Matthew S.'s comments...it's a total tourist with the run down of "stuff" you can purchase without mentioning that your take-home, hard rock branded glass is an additional cost to your overpriced drink.  As for the food, it's okay, personally I prefer their spring rolls after trying a few other items.
After our race, my friend and I needed some food and we stopped in at Hard Rock.  Not normally a place I'd choose when visiting a city, but hey.  It was there and we were hungry.  The wait wasn't too bad, considering everyone who ran the Rock 'n Roll that day seemed to be eating there (and at every other restaurant in the area).  It took our waiter a fairly long time to even bring us water, but all I wanted was a seat.  I wasn't too picky.  As for the food, it was fine.  The onion rings I craved were not so hot, so that was a bit of a disappointment.  Good bbq, good twisted mac 'n cheese.  This is a fun "touristy" place to go if you're in the area, but I wouldn't go out of the way.
This place is pretty much standard.  Our server was VERY friendly, but the food was sub par.  No one at this dinner had anything they actually enjoyed, although nothing they found disgusting.  I'd say this is your typical Hard Rock Cafe, and you know what you're getting into.
5 starts b/c i came in expecting something and left being overwhelmed as my expectations were blown away, that's why i gave 5 stars!
We were seated right away. We had a new waitress as she just turned 21, so she could not recommend any drinks because she hadn't had any of them. We had the Bruschetta, which was very good. I ordered the Gini Hendrix and others ordered specialty cocktails as well. My drink tasted of all orange juice, i sent it back, as im not paying $10 for a orange juice martini. They made a new one, this one as served in a hot glass and so my drink was room temp when it arrived. My friend asked for a taster of a wine and it was brought in a hot glass, when she passed it to me to try, i thought she asked for hot sake, that's how hot the glass was. 1 - bad bartending to send a sampler or any drink for that matter in a hot glass, obviously if the drink is hot no one is going to want to order it, drink it, or order another one for that matter. 2-  bad on the waitress for placing it on the table, since she had to have felt the temp. The grilled chicken sandwich wasn't bad. We won't be back needless to stay. worst meal we had all week in philly.
Bartender Brandon was very sweet and helpful. Good was delicious as well as the drinks. Def recommend.
Drove an hour to eat here and get my HR pin and check it off my list.  By far the smallest HR I've visited and also the deadest (it was a Tuesday night though).  Ordered a beer, wings and bruschetta.  bruschetta was really good, wings were OK (the smoking adds nice flavor but dries out that small of a piece of chicken).  Music wasn't very loud and didn't give me much of that rock feel.  No good places to park in the area as well, cost me $20 to park 2 blocks over for 1hr.
My boyfriend and I decided to come here despite seeing it had 2.5 stars. The service was excellent however the food was EXTREMELY salty. I ordered the twisted Mac & Cheese and every bite I took was followed by a sip of my drink to wash it down. My boyfriend had the pulled pork sandwich. He enjoyed it but the food here is not worth the price.
I've always been a sucker for a hard rock no matter what city I'm in. I've had a 50/50 experience with service, with one gentleman who graciously accommodated my super picky salad order without making rude faces at me. Mostly, I feel their staff is given too many tables so they're spread pretty thin not by their own fault. 

Awesome fries, great pomegranate martini. My friend had the ribs, which he LOVED. Pretty popping music and interesting musical decor if you can't make convo with your dining partner. 

Tourist-y, yes, but I live around the corner and still enjoy it!
Sunday - June 2, 2013 - 4:55PM

The receptionist stated that I could sit anywhere.  When dining alone, I choose the bar.  This time I chose an area that is a cross between a shelf and a truncated table that sets between the dining room and bar. 

I waited until 5:02 (7 minutes) and no one, repeat, no one greeted me.  I spent two minutes writing this uncomplimentary TIP on Yelp!  

Exacerbating the experience was the realization that two patrons seated at the bar were enjoying libations AFTER my arrival. 

.....FIRST AND LAST VISIT AT THE HARD ROCK!!
okay food, and stylish environment
Both stars are for the conversation pieces coating the walls and for their TV station that was a blast to the past from when MTV played actual music videos. Everything else was rubbish.

First of all, it took us three tries to even get into the place. The first two times were on Friday or Saturday nights and they were closed for private events. We walk by here fairly regularly, and I'd never been to a Hard Rock Cafe before, so when they finally let us in we decided to give it a whirl. 

We sat at the bar drinking overpriced beer while waiting for our table. Service was agonizingly slow, punctuated by our being so hungry. I had grilled veggies and cheese on a ciabatta roll, and I made the boyfriend order sliders because I wanted one. My sandwich was decent, but the sliders were seriously the smallest I'd ever seen. I didn't know they even made burger buns smaller than silver dollars. And they were gross too.

I'm just happy to have gotten the Hard Rock experience out of the way so I never have to do it again.
Ordered a soda, chicken fingers and a side order of fries, it came out to 26 dollars BEFORE TIP. I have no idea why they would think a price like that would be okay for subpar food, but definitely will not be going back based on price alone. Servers were nice and attentive, and bathrooms were super clean which is where the 2 stars go!
I believe most people (old farts, Gen-xrs or whatever your "group" is) come to the Hard Rock to see the stuff, not eat the food. We happened to get there just as they opened for lunch on a spring Sunday.  We had a great server, LIZ who took our drink orders, and then made sure we a great time. (Well we may have had too good of a time from the looks we were getting from the other diners who were slowly trickling in). I did get the chopped smoked chicken salad which was large and tasty. 

One of the things me and the SO do as we travel is hit the Hard Rocks. I am a pin collector and the SO collects Zippo lighters. At just about every one, we have a great experience talking to the servers.  Yes the drinks are expensive and the food is so-so (most not healthy and expensive) but that is not the reason we are here.
As I've mentioned before, I like to bring my appetite to a place when I come because I want my palate to enjoy the food to it's fullest flavor. I was on my way to one of my favorite Asian restaurants but I was famished and didn't want to walk the 4 blocks to eat there so I stopped off at Hard Rock Cafe'. As I brought my appetite I should have also made note to manage my expectations along with that because the experience I had here this day was not the eating life at all. Hard Rock had an advertisement promoting with a bacon cheese burger, fries and a Guiness stout beer on it along with a $15.95 after the caption.
 Nothing hits the spot like a good ol' American bacon cheese burger, fries and a drink right, especially at a cost like that. I say fine. Move to the counter and wait to be served.
But it was too good to be true. I was informed that the actual price was $15.95 without the beer and that the cheese was flavored with Jim Beam whiskey....Uhhhh, ok. I like different taste in foods. Let me try it, I say and let me have a hard cider. When the food arrives it looks nothing like the ad and I'm already disappointed because the beverage wasn't included. After taking one bite I sat there smh about being hungry and not being satisfied. Another server there noticed that I was not eating and asked, "How was everything?" So glad you asked, I said and told him of my displeasure. He then called a manager over to me and I repeated my story. His name was, Erik (I think I saw a "K" ) and he was very attentive, genuinely concerned and professional. He offered me to remain dining to finish my meal and a refund minus the cider - DEAL! I shall return to Hard Rock Cafe but it will not be for their burgers.
This was also a nice place, however the beer wasn't cold enough for me. To get the real cold beer you need to get a draft beer. That's only hopefully if they carry your brand on draft. Since this place is Downtown Philly, be warned all prices downtown for beer only is like $5.50 and up for one beer.
This is probably my the third Hard Rock Cafe I've been to, and this one probably is my least favorite. Don't get me wrong it's still a nice place, just a bit more smaller than I expected. The waitress was nice and so was the aesthetics as like all the other Hard Rock Cafe. The food was good, but I don't think I'd be eating here again. Definitely a location I'd just visit once.
My wife likes to go to any and every Hard Rock she can, mainly to get a souvenir.  We decided to eat at this one and it was...interesting.  We came in the main door off of Market St.  The hostess proceeded to take us past the stage and out the back entrance to another host, who then proceeded to seat us in a back, separate portion of the restaurant.  I'm glad we sat back there because the live music was a bit loud, it was just a weird layout.  Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu as well as gluten allergies (like what my wife has).  They were able to bake the french fries since they didn't have a dedicated fryer.  There are very few items on the menu that are under 1000 calories and/or 1750 mg of sodium.  The wife had a cheeseburger and was happy with it.  I had the grilled salmon and was pleasantly surprised.  Still managed to spend about $53 with tip, but that's what I expect from a 'tourist trap'.
Came here last min after spending the day in Philly. It was great! The nachos were amazing, the steak was so good and the salad I got was also very good. Service was great as well. Highly recommend!
I came here with a few of my friends and the server was inattentive. I ordered an alcoholic drink called an "electric blue" which is apparently one of the stronger drinks. When I received my drink it was watered down and had absolutely NO alcohol. When I told the waiter he proceed to tell me that there were already two shots in there and if I wanted it stronger I would have to buy a whole shot. It was just a really medicore service over all.
Went to Philly's Hard Rock Cafe with my dad while he was in town for a conference at the convention center.  It's one of those touristy places that I can't imagine ever going to with my Philly friends, but it was overall not a bad experience.  We had some wings with this tangy sauce that we really, really good.  We shared the "Legend" burger which was a regular cheeseburger with an onion ring on it.  It was fine, although nothing special.  The fries were the same--fine but not special.  It's over priced and service is mostly good.  But you have to love any place with Pink Floyd on the wall and I liked the screens with 80s and 90s rock videos.
The place is very clean and has cool decorations hanging around the walls. They also have a gift shop inside the restaurant if you want to buy any souvenirs or cool stuff. It's very close to the convention center so it can be pretty busy depending if there's an event there.

The food was pretty average but it was pricy for what we ordered. My date ordered the shrimp entree and he didn't have enough shrimp for all of the tortillas he got. The burger was good. You pay for the branding.
Good service, but t
Rather small HRC. Decent food with good service. I've been to several HRC's but unfortunately this is one of my least favorite ones and it's in my hometown.
My dad, my 4 kids and I went to Hard Rock Philadelphia on 7/17/17 for dinner. We were in town for a vacation from a suburb north of Indianapolis, IN. 

We had a wonderful waiter and the food was awesome! The kids got grilled chicken and fries and my daughter said it was "the best chicken" she has ever had and forced me to try a bite. It was pretty good I have to admit. Kids meals are kinda expensive, as are most of the items on the menu for what they are. I knocked off a star for price and for the annoying terrible music they play. Omg, if it's going to be so damn awful can you at least lower the volume?!!! I am sure the staff is so used to it, but seriously it's not hip. It's obnoxious. Hard Rock is not a night club, please stop blaring horrible music. Oh yeah, I got the pulled pork and it was super good! I also got a Long Island - that sucker was strong!
Not my first choice, but it was in the convention center and we were setting up for a show the next day. I had the veggie leggie burger. Since I ordered fries,I didn't eat the roll. The grilled portabella and zucchini were fine,but the veggie burger was terrible. Very weird taste that I can't put my finger on. Fries tasted lemony or limey,not terrible just different. My boss had a salad,can't remember what kind. She ate it,but she said she was really hungry soooooo...not sure how good it really was. We were the only ones in the restaurant,so service was good. Very expensive and so not worth it.
I haven't been to Hard Rock Cafe in a very long time, for no particular reason other than it's been lost on my radar, but my mom who is a hamburger aficionado said theirs is one that stays on her mind. So after an eventful day on the Parkway off we went.

My first impression was it's a cool looking space with lots of interesting rock-'n'-roll memorabilia. The young hostess was pleasant enough and was about to seat us but then stopped to tell a man who was waiting beside us that the manager was too busy to discuss the status of his job application. He looked ruffled. I felt uncomfortable. The hostess gave him a blase blow-off and he left shaking his head. The girl was young as I said but she should know that that conversation was best had off to the side. 

Our server was polite and Swift and so were we. We all ordered the exact same thing, the Legendary Burger and Parmesan Fries. The fries were crispy and came with a side of siracha aoli. The burger, a half pound Patty topped with cheddar, bacon and a fried onion ring was a knock out. Trying to finish it almost out me to sleep. I actually cut my burger in half and then another half and still couldn't finish the last quarter of it. I see now why it stayed in my mom's mind.
