I had been dying to try this place since it opened a few weeks ago. It's even cuter than I imagined! 

The garden sits nestled between the skyscrapers with adorable natural lanterns and lights that hang above your head. The inside isn't too shabby either, so definitely don't dismiss the idea of coming here if the weather isn't up to par. The candlelit interior with insanely awesome exaggerated light-fixture I couldn't stop starring at was quite cozy.  

Although SIPS (the center city summertime happy hour) was in full effect all around the city, we felt as though it was happening here on a gorgeous Wednesday night....In a good way though, meaning it was lively and happening, NOT in the sense that it was filled with millennials. It wasn't. Wheeew. 

Torn between their tempting cocktails, while also noting their awesome beer list, I ordered the Electric Relaxation ($12). It has Tito's, St, Germaine, cucumber and lemon. It was super refreshing. A perfect summer, or soon to be summer cocktail. 

We started with the plantain chips with jerk spice, roasted pineapple and serrano aioli on the side. They were perfectly fried and spiced, and sticky, icky good. A great starter for the table. 

My girls friend indulged in the huge 'Merica burger served with option of a salad to chips. She said it was one of the best she's ever had. 

I loved my wild mushroom flatbread with asparagus, rapini, and ramps. I asked for it sans Farmer's cheese to keep it vegan, and they obliged. It was really savory and tasty. I enjoyed it very much! 

Both my girlfriend and I noticed the music, which we loved and thought added to the relaxing yet chic atmosphere. 

Everything was just lovely, but our server was painfully slow. We actually had to track her down a few times. We really wouldn't have minded as it is a place to sit, chat and take it all in, but we were headed to a movie. Turns out this uber slow service almost made us miss meeting John Travolta and Kelly Preston at the premiere of the upcoming film 'Gotti'. I would've been mighty pissed if that happened. It seems from a few of the reviews service. Or lack thereof, may be their downfall. Definitely not making me swear it off though. Can't wait to return with my husband! Great date night spot!
Absolutely, gorgeous restaurant in the Rittenhouse Square area of the city of brotherly love. 

I was recently charged with the task of putting together a brunch for some friends coming from North Jersey. The criteria was to find a restaurant with a bar, relatively close to the PATCO train station that could accommodate 14 people - not an easy feat for brunch in Philly. After several calls to restaurants that ended in rejection, a friend of mine recommended Harpers. I called up about 2 weeks prior to our set date and was told they could make a reservation - no problem! 

We were sat upstairs, which provided a beautiful view of the restaurant including the outdoor garden - which looks would be amazing to sit in when the weather is nice. Our servers were on top of their game, getting our drink orders in and promptly taking our food order. A couple of my friends opted for the $20 bottomless mimosas and Harper's was not shy with refills. 

As for the food, I ordered the steak and eggs - grilled wagyu skirt steak, two eggs, and potato hash. The steak was cooked just right and came topped with a salsa verde-like sauce. Although, I was a fan, not everyone else was, so I recommend getting this on the side if it's not your thing. 

I can't recommend Harper's enough for big groups. It's a relatively new restaurant that not a whole lot of folks know about yet which is just fine by me! My friends also loved their time here and gave me the nod of approval. For stellar brunch in Rittenhouse Square, look to Harper's to satisfy your needs.
My experience at Harper's Garden was so disappointing. I had friends visiting for brunch and after seeing such rave reviews on Yelp, I was excited to snag a brunch reservation here. Sadly the quality of the food, price point, and service left so much to be desired. 

We arrived and were seated in a very sunny spot with an unopened umbrella near by. When our waitress finally arrived, we asked her if we could open it up to block some of the sun. There was a slight breeze, so she said we couldn't open that one. Instead, they moved us to a shadier spot. This was probably the service highlight of the day, as visits decreased throughout the meal leaving us thirsty, hungry, and ignored.

We ordered drinks right away, I tried the strawberry swing and it was delicious! Friends tried the bloody mary and espresso martini. The reviews were positive for the first round of drinks, with a note that the bloody needed a good stir but that's not unusual.

For food, I ordered the Summer Squash Galette with side salad and my friend had the Fried Chicken and Biscuit with potato hash. We decided to share our dishes because we both could not decide between the two. The rest of the group had the Fried Chicken and Biscuit or Eggs Benedict. The food was fine, not insanely delicious, not bad either. My Summer Squash Galette was not at all filling, so I'm glad I got to have half of the Fried Chicken and Biscuit. 

When our waitress returned to check in on our food, I asked for some syrup for the chicken and biscuit and refills on our water glasses which had sat empty for a while. We also ordered another round of drinks. I waited 20 minutes for syrup to never come. I had to flag a food runner down and ask him because the food was cold and I was honestly hangry and the biscuit was way too dry to eat without syrup. Our water never came.

Our second round of drinks took so long, we considered telling them to forget it so we could grab the check and go somewhere else. A friend tried the "I Found My Thrill" after asking the waitress her thoughts on a few options. She shared that "if you like sweet things, you'll like I Found My Thrill" so he went for it. This drink had literally no flavor, it was pretty bizarre because it was bright pink in color. The drink must have been made incorrectly because it had no flavor at all. 

Overall, an underwhelming experience that made me question every person that has raved about this spot. The patio looks beautiful, but we were seated on the outskirts so my guess is that the beauty of the space must make everything taste better. It is unlikely I will return. If I did, it would be for happy hour on a nice day with dinner plans elsewhere afterwards.

TLDR: this is a cute venue for a photo-op and might be worth a visit for happy hour drinks and snacks. Not a high quality food destination or worthwhile service experience.
What a beautiful space. Super well designed. I went in the afternoon and it's surprisingly stunning in a spot that seems underutilized. Pretty during the day and stunning at night. The hostess was charming and tattooed hip. The waiter professional and well versed in the menus. Wine by the glass was cold and reasonably priced. I had the a Rise Brut. It was excellent and only $10. Had a wonderful cheese plate well with $13. I can't wait to go back. Get there while the weather holds. They also have indoor seating. My only complaint and it wasn't their fault. Literally nonstop jackhammering the entire time we were there. Otherwise a perfect experience.
Tucked between office buildings, Nom Nom Ramen, and Midtown Diner, this beautiful secret garden seems a bit out of place, but is a welcome addition to the outdoor options in the concrete jungle of Center City!

My friends and I were looking for outdoor seating, cocktails, and vegetarian friendly small plates and stumbled upon Harper's Garden by way of Opentable. It met our requirements and surpassed expectations!

All the food we ordered was good and came out super fast- we especially enjoyed the burrata with artichoke, the rosti fries (served looking like Lincoln Logs with a delicious dipping sauce), the lamb meatballs, the crudo, the strawberry salad, and the mushroom flatbread (on Lost Bread Co bread, which is thick and a bit chewy). The heirloom carrots and hummus were overcooked for my taste but others enjoyed them. The ricotta toast was forgettable. The fried cod banh mi was an interesting take on a banh mi and a bit hard to split but we managed. A few items came out with only 4 pieces so a heads up would have been nice since we were 5. 

For drinks we went full basic with a few bottles of sparkling rosé ($45 each). The 18th St heat was also a great cocktail- tequila, campari and a jalapeno kick.

With a few bottles and enough food for 5 ladies we each spent about $60 with tax and tip which is not cheap but not outrageous. Service was friendly and it wasn't too crowded.

Hope to see them roll out a happy hour menu!
Harper's Garden is one of Center City Philadelphia's prettiest outdoor cafes.  In the warmer months flowers and shrubs abound everywhere and you sip and dine in seating niches beneath trellises.  Of course in winter and inclement weather everything moves inside which isn't bad at all but it isn't as attractive as its outdoor café garden.  Fortunately Harper's Garden also serves up some decent food and drinks.  One of my favorite items are the Moroccan lamb meatballs.  A buttermilk fried chicken sandwich I recently dined on here was pretty good but not at all memorable.  The key lime tart for dessert left a sweet impression at the end of the meal.  If you're meeting up for lunch or dinner with a friend in Center City Philly and want a pleasant atmosphere for your rendezvous, Harper's Garden should fit the bill.
(to the tune of "Dirty Little Secret" by The All-American Rejects)

Going indoors just feels wrong
When the sun is out this long
I scan around a time or two
Then I decided on you.

Tell me you'll get a happy hour
Price point can, at times, make me sour
But you are the only place I want to go....

Wish you were still kept a little secret 
(just a little secret)
But everyone knows and it's hard to keep this one kept
(Can't keep you a secret, long line is a safe bet)
Not a little secret.

But they all know.

When work ends a bit before five
Such an exciting surprise
There's no line for patio
Round of Aperols, you know!

Light bites, so good but they're not cheap
On the carrots, you shouldn't sleep
Be warned, that line it's quickly going to grow....

Wish you were still kept a little secret 
(just a little secret)
But everyone knows and it's hard to keep this one kept
(Can't keep you a secret, long line is a safe bet)
Not a little secret.
But they all know.

Y'all - I'd love to say this is Philly's best kept secret, but the secret got out the second the sun peeked past the clouds. This place is liked the sexy older sister of most of the beer gardens in the city. Instead of drafts, go for a crisp cocktail. Instead of cheese curds, dig into a white tuna crudo. The patio is definitely a spot to see and be seen, and the outfits reflect it - lots of sundresses, suits, and shades. But the food is delicious, the drinks are refreshing, and they were updating the chairs to higher quality as I was sitting there. It was divine. 

That said, for one drink each and two (very) light bites (and a sparkling water - heads up, it's $6/bottle so when they offer you still or sparkling, don't think they're both complimentary) we spent over $50. If you can nab a spot, get a cocktail and enjoy the sunset. However, don't be surprised if you flex your wallet a bit more than you would at most of the other outdoor gardens.
I have had nothing but great experiences at Harpers! I've visited for brunch both pre and during COVID and the experiences were equally incredible. The outdoor patio is wonderful especially during the warmer months.

Food and cocktails are on point. You cannot beat the bottomless mimosas! I've also custom ordered an Irish Coffee during brunch (not on the menu) and it was fantastic. For food I've had the Benedict (on point) as well as a short rib breakfast sandwich, but that sadly seems to have been taken off the menu.

I will always recommend Harpers for brunch or cocktails and look forward every time I get to go back!
I work right next to Harper's Garden so I watched them build the beautiful outdoor space. The garden allows for a more comfortable and pleasant outdoor dining experience than you get at other restaurants on 18th st. When  I leave work at 5 the crowds are already starting to form. Word is clearly already out that this is the place to be for an outdoor happy hour. The question becomes, does it have food up to par with the decor?

I've been to Harper's Garden once for lunch and once for dinner. I've sampled a handful of items on the menu. 

Under snacks I've eaten the shrimp & grits croquettes. These are shrimp & grits in a ball fried. A unique and tasty take on shrimp & grits. 

Under small plates I've tried the lamb meatballs. It's actually a plate of delicious perfectly cooked lamb meatballs. 

Under breads I've eaten the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich and the 'merica burger. The burger is a double stacked burger that is juicy, messy and delicious, like a burger is supposed to be. The fried chicken sandwich is a thick piece of chicken served on a thick toasted bread. The sandwich is a bit thick, making it hard to bite in to. But it is a good sandwich. The burger is the better choice of the two. Each comes with handmade chips or salad.

The food does match the quality of the decor! The cocktails dont really stand out, but I had a nicely made dark & stormy. The service is good to. This combination of decor, food, and service should keep the crowds coming. I'll definitely come back. If I was to get an outstanding larger plate  entree next time I can see myself bumping Harper's Garden up from the current 4 stars  to 5 stars.
I'm newly obsessed with Harper's Garden. How did I only visit for the first time at the end of the summer? Well, I'm determined to make the most of their outdoor space- even if it means sitting out there in a slight drizzle, when the rest of the customers headed indoors.

The outdoor space is set back from the street and elevated. Perfect for people watching, and far enough away to be enjoyable. The patio has some fantastic decor with wooden small branch-like designs covering it. Perhaps like a modern day Sukkah.

Aside from being charming, the food is something I'd eat everyday if I could. Think farm-to-table and creative uses of veggies and meat. The Heirloom Squash Salad had cherry tomatoes, gooseberries, fines herbs, parmesan-lime vinaigrette. It was on the small plates/salads section, but the portion was solid and could've stood alone. I also had the Baby Potatoes that were smashed and fried, fine herbs, warm goat cheese sauce. Warm goat cheese sauce...oh my gawd! I also tried a little of the roasted heirloom carrots with hummus and herb pesto. They are making my favorite things, and making it well. There were so many other dishes I wanted to try, but alas you cannot eat everything at once.

Our server was attentive and funny. He was willing to move us inside from the rain, if we didn't want to tough out the drizzles. He joked around with us without be weird, awkward or inappropriate.

Fret not, while the outdoor space is a huge draw, they do have a bar and tables for dining inside. That's reassuring that my obsession doesn't need to stop when the warm weather does.
so.. i'm not sure why there are some discouraging reviews for HG on yelp but i had a fantastic night here! i came for the 2nd time recently and tried out their dinner menu instead of drinks! my girlfriend and i didn't order much for the night but all were great choices! we had....

1 - candy beets
delicious and very summery! definitely a solid choice!

2 - mozzarella with figs and capers
omg the cheese with fig went great together! and the capers? just an added savory kick! everything really complimented each other!

3 - strawberry salad
another summery dish! light and sweet! 

4 - crab spaghetti
this was the favorite for me! crab accent with lemon zest was just divine! no ingredient was unnecessary~ this was for sure one of my favorite crab pasta dishes in philly! 

5 - the other time, i also tried the baby potatoes which were sooo delicious! the fried onion bits added a nice crunch to it and surprisingly went really well with the goat cheese dip! if you're a potato lover, this is definitely not a bad dish to start with!

service was friendly and attentive! prices are a little higher by the rittenhouse area but we had a lovely experience here! can't wait to return!
This is *the* spot of the summer in Center City. 

A friend and I went for happy hour drinks and plates recently, and I was most impressed with the amount of outdoor space offered. The seating felt much more homey and permanent than most patios, too. We enjoyed our cocktails (served generously in highball style, with minimal ice) and appetizers, which sported such touches as heirloom carrots and housemade hummus.

Make sure you make a reservation (they accept OpenTable, and differentiate between outdoor and indoor bookings), because this place is popping.
There is no such thing as too many places to eat and drink outdoors in spring and summer.

I came here solo (with a reservation) for what I thought was lunch but was given a brunch menu. The hostess(es) were extremely unpleasant. One asked my name whilst glaring at me (yes, I was nicely dressed) and the other picked up her tablet and told me my reservation had been for an hour earlier. I said politely that I made the reservation through Open Table    several days ago and had confirmation that this arrival time was correct. She pursed her mouth like an old school marm, squinted her eyes at me and responded with, "Whatever." Since this was my first time here, I wanted to turn around and walk away. 

Things improved after I was seated and had a little time to look at the menu. The outdoor area is roomy, pleasant, lots of plants, comfortable seating but not so welcome was the slightly too loud 80s music being piped in. 80s music is fine in itself, but restaurant music should be ambient. I had 2 different servers. One introduced herself as a trainee and told me I only had a few minutes to order from the brunch menu because the kitchen would be switching over to a 'limited menu.' The trainee's trainer came over to take my drink order and when I asked for a Tanqueray and tonic, they both said there was no Tanqueray to be had but offered Hendrick's instead. Fine with me. Both women were very hospitable and friendly.

My drink came quickly and I was then told I could order from the regular menu so I chose the 'Merica burger with a small salad.  I people watched while I was waiting and since I was seated close to the hostess stand, had the lovely privilege of hearing the women there complain about their jobs and the fact that they were counting down the minutes 'til their shift ended. None of the diners seemed rowdy or obnoxious, none of the customers were hassling the hostesses while I was there and while the place was busy, it was no busier than most Center City restaurants would be on a Saturday at brunch/lunch time. I did not see the indoor seating but other than myself, all the diners were couples with a few foursomes in the mix. Table spacing is adequate so you don't feel like an eavesdropper sitting in your neighbor's lap. 

My burger came on a seeded milk bun and it was good. Nothing out of the ordinary, but not dry and the 2 patties were thick enough to make it seem like a treat but no so thick that I could not bite into it, nor was it a sloppily constructed burger that had the contents dripping all over. The bun was soft but sturdy enough that it did not become soggy with meat juice. The side salad was a mesclun mix with minute kernels of popped quinoa and some crunchy-ish herb seeds. Rather interesting and enjoyable. 

I was asked if I wanted a second drink (hooray!) but declined. All the servers and bussers were welcoming, smiling and seemed to be enjoying the day. I got my check without having to ask and was told to take my time. 

Harper's is set far enough back from the street so if you are on the patio, you don't get the feeling of sitting in traffic like you might elsewhere. 

With the plethora of varied outdoor dining and interesting cuisines on S. 18th St., I don't know that I'd come back again, but other than the unpleasantness at the hostess stand, I enjoyed my time here.
We decided to go into Philadelphia and walk around the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood, do some shopping, and grab some brunch.   Little did we know that it's near impossible to get an outdoor table without advance reservations.  We stopped at 5 different restaurants and called a few and every place was fully booked for brunch.  No place would even entertain splitting up our party into 2 tables.  

So we continued our search and lo and behold Harper's Garden had one table available outdoors so we took it and we're seated immediately.  

However, there was a catch.  The table was uncovered and there were no umbrellas nor shade and the 82 degree sun was beating down directly on us.  After 10 minutes and a lot of sweating I approached the host and kindly asked to be moved anywhere in the shade.  We didn't care if it was inside or outside or we were split into two tables at opposite ends of the restaurant.  Yes, it was that hot.  Unfortunately, despite the best efforts of the super friendly and accommodating staff they were unable to find anything.  So we sat and sweated and they brought us ice.  We noticed some empty tables that were shaded but were told they were reserved but they were never occupied throughout our stay.  This is the only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 because the food was phenomenal.

I ordered the eggs Benedict with smoked salmon.  These were the absolute best eggs bene I've ever had.  Cooked to perfection with an amazing hollandaise sauce and salmon on a perfectly crisp and toasted English muffin.  I also ordered a Bloody Mary which was one of the best I've ever had I just wish it didn't have a paper straw that became soggy and unusual in a short period of time.

Others in our party ordered the cruller which was fantastic, as was the avocado toast, the burger which looked fabulous, and the potatoes were delicious.
Harper's Garden has quickly become one of my favorites. That's saying a lot, because right now it's too cold to sit outside and enjoy the garden.

The inside is just as pretty too. Romantic actual lighting plus candle lighting and a cushy red bench helps set the mood. The structure of the interior almost reminds me of the branch decor of the garden outside. 

The service is on point with attentiveness and knowledge of the menu.

Most importantly, there hasn't been a single item that hasn't been fab on their seasonal menu. It's perfect because their small plates can really go a long way if you want to sample a few items with your dining partners but not walk away hungry. My squid kung pao from yesterday was a fun combo of ingredients, yet substantial. All the dishes are fun and fresh; that's what I truly love. 

The variety of cocktails and wine will keep you there, or get you to come back for more. Although the wine list isn't deep, it's solid. 

A pretty place with delicious farm to fork food and a bar of enjoyable adult beverages gets the full 5 star Yelp treatment from me.
i was lucky enough to be invited to the friends and family for harpers and had a great experience. 

our server Emmy was great, she was knowledgeable of both food and drink menus. 

though all of the food was very good the burger, mushroom flatbread and carrots were the best items we tried. 

i'll be back on my own and look forward to sitting outside in the nice weather.
We've dined at this restaurant before and we were really impressed with the food and service so we were definitely going to return. 

Well we were wrong. 

We had just dined again at the restaurant and our experience was the exact opposite. We ordered 2 appetizers and 4 entrees. The appetizers were pretty decent but the entrees were a different story.

First off, we got the vegetable ragu which was extremely mushy and overcooked. The steak was also too salty and overcooked when we ordered a medium. For the price of the two dishes, we were quite disappointed. The burger was okay, it was bland and not worth it - just go to Shake Shack. Trout was fine. 

What made the experience even worse was how slow the service was. It wasn't really busy and there were many workers and open tables, but the appetizers took 30 minutes to come out and the entrees double the time. We understand that sometimes it can get busy but honestly, waiting an hour for mediocre food is not worth coming back to. 

So that'll be the last time we dine here. Thanks though
My first visit was for midweek cocktails, and Harper's Garden is about as good as it gets. Cozy atmosphere, stiff drinks, and great value. The beverages in this place can knock you off your stool, which is typically what you want from a nightcap or happy hour. The bartender was friendly, precise, and quick.

My second visit to Harper's Garden was for a surprise birthday dinner. We made reservations about a week out, and we told the manager we were trying to surprise a friend who was expecting just to have dinner out with her boyfriend. They happily accommodated our request by seating us in an inconspicuous booth, providing personalized menus that said "Happy Birthday Michaela!" across the bottom, and ended our night with a delicious shared dessert, on the house! It was impeccable service from start to finish, and it was much appreciated that the staff added extra touches to make the night memorable. Michaela was truly shocked too, which made it all so much better.

Obviously, I can't give 5 stars just for strong drinks and good service - the food is amazing! We ordered a spread of starters and entrees, and everything was delivered fresh, hot, and packed with incredible flavor. We sampled the papas fritas, the a truffle flatbread, and one of the garden salads. My friend and I decided to split the burger and fried chicken sandwiches for our entrée, and it was the best dining decision I've made it a while. This was one of the best, if not THE best, burgers I've had in Philly (and I've sampled my fair share). The chicken sandwich was also a star, with a huge two inch thick fried chicken breast - it was almost absurd how big of a sandwich it was...but I still ate my entire portion.

I can't wait to get back here for patio weather! Those strong cocktails and cheeseburgers are calling my name.
Very nice venue.  Rock soundtrack.  Angelo, our server, was on top of everything.  Good flavors.  A bright tasty variety of small plates.
I went to Harper's Garden for a friend's birthday dinner on a Saturday night.  As you will see, I will be unable to review the food, but at least the experience provided us with a good story.  

We booked a dinner reservation for 9:45 pm (admittedly a late dinner, but they offer reservations through 10 pm on Open Table, and my friend is a night owl and was spending the day at the beach). When we arrived it was still pretty packed.  The outside patio was hopping.  We were seated inside by wide open windows so we could enjoy the beautiful weather and fresh air.  The restaurant is dark, but the decor is attractive.  It is loud.  We ordered drinks--the beer and wine selection were good and the cocktails were great according to those who ordered them.  Sadly, this was the last thing that would go right for our evening.  

No one told us when we made our reservation or when we arrived that the kitchen closes at 10 pm (why does the restaurant even offer 10 pm reservations?).  A few in the group ordered appetizers, and when our server came back and told us the kitchen was closing soon, we immediately put in our dinner orders.  Alas, our server was misinformed, the kitchen was already closed, and we were not getting dinner.  It certainly would have been great if we got the "kitchen is closing" warning BEFORE the kitchen did in fact close, or, if Harper's Garden would have informed us when we made the reservation that it was within 15 minutes of dinner being off the table.    The manager came over to apologize, comped our apps, and served us some food that did not require heat, which was appreciated, but was also not the hot dinner I was expecting (and very hungry for, I am not a late functioning person like my friend, and was already on the bad side of hangry).  Our server also brought over half pours of champagne (also free), which was nice.  Unfortunately, he then spilled that tray of champagne on the birthday girl.  A few minutes later, when clearing our dishes, he promptly dropped several of those on the floor.    A few minutes later we heard a gigantic crash of unknown origin, and I began to suspect it was not that the kitchen was closed, but instead, that there were no survivor dishes left on which to serve the food.  I stayed for another drink to celebrate my friend's birthday, but had to leave shortly thereafter in search of a dinner somewhere else.  

I will say the food I ordered but did not get sounded delicious!  Mushroom dumplings and grilled haloumi salad would have really hit the spot, and hey, at least I got a good story out of it.
A colleague and I stumbled upon this spot for lunch yesterday. We arrived around 1pm so it was not busy at all; we were seated immediately.  Pretty decor; full bar. It's a small space, though it looked like there was another whole room upstairs near the restrooms. Outdoor patio seating also available.

The service from start to finish was excellent. Our female server was very friendly and attentive. She made suggestions and answered questions, and got our order exactly correct.

To start off, we shared the Smoked Cauliflower Tortelloni. This was to die for...my favorite dish of the day. We also shared the Beer-Battered Delicata Squash Rings and the Shrimp Toast. YUM!

For our entrees I got the Seared Diver Scallops and had a taste of my colleague's Veal Tagliatelle Pasta.  Everything was bursting with flavor and cooked absolutely perfectly. Temperatures and flavors were spot-on.

For dessert we shared the Chocolate Ganache S'more. It's small but still good for sharing because it's so beautifully decadent.

I still cannot get over how delicious it all was!  We enjoyed every single bite, and the smile that accompanied each plate as it was brought to us and then cleared.

Highly recommended. Can't wait to go back!
Decided to try this place out for my friends birthday. So the place is super super cute. The decor has that rustic vibe. There is indoor and outdoor seating. It is also dog friends (outside). There is even a gender neutral bathroom. Our waiter is very attentive. We were running late but the restaurant was very understanding and still sat us. I order the harpers garden drink. It was tasty and not very strong. I ordered the fried chicken and biscuit for my meal. I elected to go with the salad instead of the potato hash. The chicken was tasty enough. The salad I would pass on. My friends ordered the egg Benedict. They enjoys but I didn't try. I did try the cinnamon cruller which was very delicious.  There is a mimosas carafe you can elect to do. 
The only annoying aspect is the lack of parking so def search parking garages to save yourself the hassle. I would return.
I was surprised the hostesses offered to let us sit outside on such a busy and nice evening

The vibes and views are some of the best in the city. Great for happy hours.

For dinner we ordered Rosti fries, plantain chips, carrot hummus, lamb meatballs, and crab spaghetti 

The apps were good. Rosti fries came with a cold dipping sauce which was nice. Plantain chips were drizzled with a sweet sauce and came with some sort of a potato salad looking dipping sauce. Carrot hummus was okay. I didn't know the carrots were going to be limp and cold, but the flavor was agreeable

Lamb meatballs were questionable alone but were bearable once I smothered them in the sauce. Skip that crab spaghetti. 

Service was lightening fast, it has been a long time since I have been so happy with how full my water was during the entire length of my meal (I love to drink water)

I'll be back to grab a drink outside but I'll probably pass on the food
#victimsofracism #raciststaff #discrimination #rude #worstcustomerservice #terribleexperience

This restaurant is not even worth a star..

We had an absolutely horrific experience at this reataurant. I had made reservation for the patio area and received confirmation for the same. When we got there, they tried to seat us in the adjoining makeshift area. Seeing that there were plenty of open tables in the main patio area, we asked to be seated there instead. Suddenly, their manager Daniel stepped in and rudely declined. Upon questioning, he said they were keeping those for larger parties in case they need to join tables. We found that so bizzare and pointed out five different 4-seater tables that were empty. At that time, he said he doesn't want to explain to us. His attitude towards us was extremely rude, so we just called out his discrimination (we are brown). He changed his stance to be threatening and we then decided to leave.

We had a good dinner at a nearby restaurant. And on our way back, noticed most of those tables were still empty. 

It's very unfortunate to see such people driven by their ego or discrimination. It hurts customers and costs their owners lost business. The restaurant management should keep a check on their staff.
After walking from our hotel near the Reading Terminal to The Mutter Museum, Eastern State Penitentiary, and the Rocky Steps, we decided to stop hear for a drink on our way back.  It was a hot day so a cold beer was really going to hit the spot.

We stopped here and just took a couple seats at the bar.  It was around 3pm so it wasn't very busy.  They had several tables outside and a nice looking restaurant on the inside as well.  The bar had probably 12 or so beers on tap and all of them from a variety of microbrews.  I had a Citradamus(juicy IPA) from a brewery in Wyoming and a farmhouse ale from 2SP brewing in Pennsylvania.  We also ordered the rosti fries.   I assumed this was going to be French fries but they were more like hashbrowns the size of mozzarella sticks.  It came with a French onion dip and was a different tasty treat to munch on while enjoying our tasty beverages.

The place did get packed after an hour or so with a bunch of millennials and bro's, fist bumping and high fiving about everything.  It must have been happy hour  or something.  Anyway, they had a small menu but it looked solid, the beer list was good and the atmosphere was nice.
I was so excited for this place to open since watching the outdoor seating area get built. It has a gorgeous outdoor seating area. Probably one of the best in the city. 

Service was excellent and we honestly could not tell it was the first night.

We only ordered several snack items because we weren't too hungry. I loved the roasted carrots and hummus. The fried onions added a nice crunch. The beets were cooked perfectly and loved them with the yogurt. It wasn't overly sweet. Very refreshing dish. The baby potatoes came out piping hot and went well with the very creamy warm goat chese. My favorite dish was the lamb meatballs. Perfectly packed and cooked.  The creme fraiche in combination with the sauce was divine. The sauce had a nice hint of cumin. We ended up dipping the meatballs in the warm goat cheese and thought both dishes complimented each other well.

Great drink selection. Can't wait to come back to try some cocktails!
We stopped in for a cute dinner Saturday evening but we were al full from eating throughout the day we didn't end up ordering much for dinner. The fries and the cheese plate were very tasty. For dinner we shared a portobello mushroom steak, which was so delicious! It was cooked to perfection and had absorbed all of the yummy sauces and seasonings it was cooked with. Even though I did not take a photo of it, which I regret now, it was definitely one to remember.
We drove up to Philly for a quick day trip and was looking for a place to grab brunch to get the day started. We selected this place because the food pictures looked great and they had a bottomless brunch option. I ended up not getting bottomless and im glad I did as it turned out to be pitchers and mostly orange juice, too much orange juice and I have a headache that just ruins the rest of my day. I went with just a simple glass of brut rose and im glad i did as it was delicious. Food wise i got the 'merica burger which was great not complaints here. it was cooked and seasoned well. the space was very ethereal in decor and made me feel like i stepped into a secret garden which I loved. Overall I could see myself coming back but i wouldnt go out of my way to get here.
Harper's Garden has been on my list of places to go since it opened it May. It did not disappoint! This was one of the best meals I've had in Philly, possibly one of the best meals I've ever had.

The outdoor seating is nice. Not too crowded and a bit further in from the street, which keeps traffic noise away.

Got the fried plantains, hand pulled mozerella, and crab spaghetti. The fried plantains were good as expected. The mozerella was topped with figs and capers making for a wonderful blend of flavors. The crab spaghetti was perfectly cooked and the crunch from the garlic bread crumb toppings was excellent. 

Great food, great ambiance, definitely going back.
My girlfriends and I got together for dinner at Harper's Garden last Thursday. It was beautiful night so we sat outside and it was GREAT. The garden is so beautiful and green for it being in the heart of Center City. The ambiance was great. 

HOWEVER, the service was terrible. We ordered and did not get our food for about 1 hour... we were all catching up so that wasn't too big of an issue. They brought out our appetizers and didn't bring enough plates or utensils for everyone and mind you we ordered enough apps for go around. I had the lamb meatballs and the shrimp bucatini. The food was mediocre at best. It was very bland. I am not one to ever add salt to anything, but I had to ask for some. 

Overall, I wouldn't write off the place all together, but I will not be eating there again. I would recommend going there just for drinks and cute pictures in the garden.
Waiting for another reservation, we decided to stop by Harper's Garden to check it out.  Sadly, it opened a few weeks ago, rather than being there when we were at a wedding down the street a year or so ago.  It would have been so nice to hang out there, right down the street from out hotel.  

We hung out at the bar for a drink, but the cocktail selections seemed a bit underwhelming.  I did find a nice jalapeño drink, 18th street heat, that had a nice kick to it.  The staff were friendly and even offered us a suggestion at the restaurant we were going to for dinner.  There were a few menu items that looked interesting to us and the bartenders did a great job discussing the concepts to us.  We'll definitely get out here for dinner and to sit outside one night.  Maybe later in the summer, when it starts to get a bit darker earlier, to see the nice lights there.
I'm writing this review after going to Harper's Garden twice. The first time I dined here I was in love. From our waiter to the food to the decor. Our waiter was SO informative and really explained the dishes well. It was winter so the patio was closed but I knew that i wanted to come back and visit when it got warmer because the patio is beautiful.

So, this leads me to my second visit. I dined at harpers garden on a nice warm night so I actually got to sit on the patio with my guests, which made for a comfortable evening. From the start, our waiter was bad. I never got his name, he never told us about the dishes or even welcomed us. Our waters were never filled. We had to ask at least four times for more water. 

We had the wrong drinks and dishes brought to us twice, which is a red flag. I also put in the reservations that it was a birthday dinner. They clearly paid little attention because even after my boyfriend told our server that it was my birthday, we got our dessert without a candle...

Then we got the same desert, on accident, WITH a candle. They were clearly confused. I don't know if it was just an off night for Harper's Garden, but I was disappointed since it didn't meet my previous expectations.
I've been meaning to try this place ever since I spotted a new outdoor place that was less bro-y and messy but more pretentious than the beer gardens located in the area. 

I'm running out of brunch spots that aren't BYOB so a few weeks ago or months ago, I'm losing track of time here as the dementia sets in, my boo and I dropped by for an afternoon meal. 

Place was relatively empty, only a few tables occupied. We chose to sit inside, probably because of the overwhelming humidity that tends to pollute Philadelphia's summer climate. 

Service was good, initially. Now that my memory comes back, I remember this was actually the same day as Made in America and there were a bunch of bros at the bar lmao so much for that...

We both ordered the French Omelette with "saint andre triple creme cheese", wild mushrooms, black truffle, and "fines herbes". If these are actually normal things, then I apologize for my rachit-ness. 

Omelette was delicate but tasty. The accompanying salad had a really delicious dressing. Classically I wouldn't have minded more food and subsequently left and purchased approximately 2 jars of pickles (whole foods doesn't have my brand, relax) and cheese sticks to complete the meal at home.

We did not order beverages, probably because we were hung over from the night before but this place does have a good drink menu if I remember correctly.

We had to wait a significant amount of time to request the check after our meal which was annoying. 

That's all for now, folks.
Great new spot, as you can tell because there's always a wait for a table. I've been to Harper's Garden twice, once for a light dinner and drinks (sitting inside) and once for lunch (sitting outside on huge patio). 

1st visit: We sat INSIDE for light dinner. The service was fantastic, although at the very end he was kind of slow to bring the check, but overall great throughout the entire night. The cocktails were great, and the beer choices were OK, would like to see some better craft options considering the Philly and Tria reputation for great beer. Our small bites of food were great; I loved the pulled MOZZARELLA with fig, sooo delicious. The feta TOAST and SAUSAGE FLATBREAD were also delicious, although small portions for the price tag. The inside dining area got a tad loud for my liking, voices were echoing loud and it was hard to talk to my friends across the table from me. The 4 of us got 3 drinks each, and 1 small plate of food, and our bill was almost $300. 

2nd visit: We sat OUTSIDE on the massive, gorgeous outdoor patio. There were 7 of us, on lunch break from the office. The patio is great for conversations with coworkers, because inside was too loud. But the patio got really hot toward the end of our meal, the sun shifted and there wasn't much shade, so we were roasting in our business clothes. Still, it was a beautiful setting for lunch. Their patio is so pretty and well decorated. This visit, the service was super slow. The food itself took nearly 45 minutes to reach our table from the time we ordered, and the server disappeared at the end of the meal when we needed the check. We were 30 minutes late to our office after lunch break. The food was very good (once we finally got it!), I had the SWORDFISH ($20), which I thought was worth the money and very tasty. The portion size was perfect, unlike some of their other plates which are pretty small. The CARROTS Appetizer was amazing! Must try that again, the sauce was delicious. The burger didn't look very big or juicy, but my coworkers ordered that so I don't know how it tasted. For all the food we ordered, I expected a huge bill, but it was only $160 for 7 people (no drinks). 

Moral of the story: Come here for the best outdoor patio around. Great food, but relatively small plates, so don't come starving or you'll over-order and be broke. Also watch the drink prices, or stick to non-alcoholic, because drinks are not cheap. Best advice: Make a reservation! They are always busy.
We were very excited to finally come here for brunch, but we were disappointed. I'd probably prefer to give Harper's 2.5 stars, but sitting outside on a sunny Philly morning softened me. The outdoor seating area really is nice, but it was the highlight of our experience. We were seated right away which is good, but our drinks were terribly slow. "the bar is backed up" My Bloody was good and spicy as advertised. Our food also took 45 mins from the time we ordered and when it did arrive, it came in waves over 3 different trips for the 6 of us with some significant time between. I had the chicken and biscuits, which was just ok. The chicken was pretty dry. I did steal some of the pancakes from others and they were delicious. I probably wouldn't come back for brunch, even though it is convenient for our usual Sunday in Philly. To be clear, our waitress was great, I just think the back of the house was way in the weeds.
I stopped by Harper's Garden for lunch Friday afternoon and I had the nicest time. I had a glass of Chardonnay and the 3 cheese cheeseboard to start then I had the heirloom squash salad and it was delicious! Would highly recommend for any time of day, drinks and food!
Beautiful interior and exterior with attentive bartenders and delicious cocktails.  

The only complaint I had was the crazy stupid draft coming from the front door into the bar area which kept my jacket on the whole time.  A double door would make a lot of sense and would earn 5 stars!
So happy I finally was able to check this place out! One of the prettiest outdoor garden restaurants I've been to in Philly. My sister's and I stopped here for drinks but we ended up loving the dinner menu so we stayed for the grub too. So glad we did! We split a bunch of small plates including the cheeseboard, roasted potatoes, and herb roasted fries. These fries were unbelievable. They was I think 7 in the stack but they were not your typical fries- they were a lot thicker. Crunch on the outside and so warm and cozy on the inside. I wanted to wrap myself into these fries and nap. 

I also ordered some of the Moroccan lamb meatballs. Now I know Harp and Crown is known for their lamb meatballs but I really think these two are head and head for taking that first place winner! They are SO good! 

Great place for a date and a small or large group of friends. The hostess girls were so friendly! Wish I caught their names-they were working Saturday night and were really a breath of fresh air even when we asked them to take a million pictures of us at the beautiful enterence. Thank you to whoever you are:)
Held a private event here last Saturday for my wife's graduation and everything was fantastic.  I worked with Gina on planning the event and she was extremely helpful with everything. 

The party size was about 30 people which fit half of the outdoor patio perfectly.  The food was absolutely amazing...so amazing that several guests came back for brunch the next day!  Drinks were also great.  If you're having a private event I highly highly recommend Harper's Garden.
The decor both indoors and outside is super nice, and def very picturesque. Went here for brunch, nothing out of the ordinary, would not go back.
Really liked both dinner and drinks here. Have tried the hand pulled mozzarella, heirloom carrots, and the tile fish. Loved the apps, but the fish was just ok. Waiter at dinner was great. 

Came back for drinks a couple weeks later. They don't advertise the late night happy hour, so we had to ask for it. A bit odd, but understandable i guess. 

One comment - the bouncer who checks for ID's at night...he just hangs out by the sidewalk away from the entrance...maybe have him actually stand near the door so people don't think it's a rando asking for ID
I'm truly puzzled on how to express my dinner experience at Harper's Garden. It's during the pandemic, on one of the first coldest windy days in a while and dining is outside on the street.

I try to give waitstaff grace because we all know it's not always easy to wait on people (especially outside, with a mask on, peeling through plastic and at night). With all that said, service was terrible last night. The server was pretty awful. He got a little better at the end but took extremely long putting in our orders. Ugh. It was bad. The servers bringing the food were nice.

We made reservations and was seated outside. Outside dining is uniquely built with heating and surrounded by plastic. Also, it was decorated with Christmas decor!

As for the drinks and food: tried the Harper's Punch that's already made for the night -- it taste like sparkling water (had to send it back). Tried another cocktail called, "What's up Doc" -- it was cool. The pommes frites (fries) was my favorite! The fries came with a beef fat-rosemary aioli. Wanted to order the roasted half rack of lamb but medium well would have taken 30 mins and the waiter already was taking a while to place our orders. So, I went with the roasted monkfish and shrimp. Hmm, the fish had an unpleasant smell that I wasn't fond of -- not that it taste horrible -- just was not pleasing to me. The shrimp was cool and the lentils. Interesting taste combination.

Payment is completed on your phone. Best part of the night! Easy peasy!
I've come here multiple time and I'm still obsessed with it. They have the cutest indoor AND outdoor space. Definitely make a reservation for this place because it's always packed. Sit outside if you can!! I would have given this place a 5 but I wouldn't say the food deserves a 5. The food isn't spectacular but it's good. Their cocktails are the best in philly!

Every time I've come here we have always split multiple dishes between people. We order a bunch of the starters and 1 or two breads. I usually stay away from the entrees because they're just not as good. My top favorite starters are: burrata, spinach borani, lamb meat balls and fried plantain chips. My favorite breads are: tomato and prosciutto focaccia pie and the burger. 

The buratta, plantain chips and burger are all self explanatory & are just straight up delicious. The spinach borani is basically like s spinach dip. I'm not a lamb eater because I just don't think it tastes good BUT I actually like their lamb meatballs. The focaccia pie and bacially focaccia bread toasted with some sauce and prosciutto - our of this world!
I brought my friends here for brunch while they were in town, and instantly you are drawn to this place from the moment you see it. It's outdoor patio area is beautifully done and it has such an inviting ambiance. 

We had a couple of beers to start the day (good selection of beers on tap btw), and ordered our food. This is where it started to go downhill. We were literally waiting around for 30 minutes for our food to arrive and not once did a server come and let us know the status of our food or apologize for the delay. We had to flag the server down to ask for an update and that is when they checked on it and told us it would be a few more minutes. Then a manager came over and apologized and offered us free dessert. We appreciated the gesture, however we wished they had noticed this by themselves earlier as they weren't overly busy. 

The food finally came out and it was good, but nothing blew me away. We ordered the burger, shakshuka, and eggs Benedict. If I do come back here, it would be for the ambiance and drinks and I would like to check out the happy hour. Most likely won't be back for brunch.
Overpriced for what you get: probably one of the pricier casual drink places in Philly. The food is average-- small plate of potatoes were $10 for barely any food that was DROWNED in dill. Completely destroyed the flavor. Probably will not return unless they add some new menu items. 

That being said, the ambiance is great. Very pretty twinkling lights and relaxing deck patio to sit and enjoy company with. Just wish the food was up to par!
What a stunning atmosphere! They have the aesthetics down. It's visually so appealing. Beautiful lighting, lush vines and flowers, wooden tables, tiered patio... if you come in the spring, summer or fall you should sit outside. If you dine in the winter, no problem because the inside is also plenty beautiful. The food was decent. We stayed with the small plates and ordered the blue fin tuna crudo , the market oyster, the pomme frites and the asparagus flatbread. None of these dishes stood out to me but they were tasty and satisfying. Just a little mention, some of the fries were burnt...like black... but overall the fries were delicious and I would order them again and just say something if that were to be the case again.I was with my 22-year-old daughter and I didn't think she would want me to say anything so I didn't disrupt our meal. However, our service was so stellar that I am confident it would have been taken care of right away. The food runners were polite and careful, our server gave great suggestions (pointed me to a deliciously , balanced whiskey cocktail) and great service and we were even checked on by what I believe was a manager. We ended our meal with the strawberry rhubarb cake and wow! It was delicious. The cake was fully flavored with aromatic spices and was moist and delicious. The rhubarb added the tart and the strawberry and cream added the delicately sweet. It was a pleasure. The space itself, the top-notch service and the small plates make this a spot to which I will return. If you haven't checked it out, you should. (Reservations are probably best).
Awesome flavors and food presentation. Great options for low carb folks. Really enjoyed the lamb meatballs, mozzarella w figs and swordfish w fried green tomatoes. Plus a knowledgeable  waitress. I will be back.
Beautiful place! Refreshing/creative cocktail menu.. We didn't get food but the service at the bar was excellent!
All I can say is OMG!  So, pre-COVID, I used to work around the corner. I love this place for a quick drink. Food was high quality, people were nice.  Just went back for a "brunch" on a Friday at noon and fell in love.   The drinks are great.   The people are still great.  The greenhouses are also pretty cool. The place looks even better. And the food!!!!  WOW!

We had the special and the chicken and biscuit.  Um.... I need it again already.... 

Do Brunch!  Make a reservation!
Really nice outside seating area. Service was very good. All dishes came out hot and within a reasonable time.  The table need some type of place mate or coaster for the drinks.  The tables are a little wet from the drinks.  All and all a pleasant experience even with the fire alarms going off.  I would recommend this Garden for everyone! You can't go wrong!
About 10 minutes into sitting down, the waitress accidentally knocked a glass of rose over my hair and down my back. I understand that accidents happen and I wasn't mad. However, when we got our bill nothing was comped to make up for this mistake. We talked to a manager who acted like we were making this up to get free drinks and/or food. He was extremely snarky and condescending when he brought back our revised bill on which we were comped the drink that was spilled. I'm not upset about the initial spill; I was upset that the waitress didn't own up to her mistake to her manager and that the manager was so rude about it. It's a shame because we all really enjoyed our food but none of our group plans on coming back.
Yelp doesn't let me give 3.5 stars so 4 it is for this place. 

I went here for an early brunch on Saturday. The patio seating is very beautiful and if weather is nice it is great place to hangout. 

We ordered the brunch burger, egg benedict and the breakfast sandwich. 4/5 for both the burger and the eggs benedict, the breakfast sandwich is a 3 because it's basically an overpriced breakfast sandwich.

The reason i took away 3.5 stars was because of the awful hash potatoes we got. They were crunchy and inedible. I was in a hurry so didn't ask for replacements.

Hope they improve the sides, I would love to go back just for the burger and the eggs benedict.
Came here for dinner with a friend from out of town. I didn't make reservations and realize, I should have because of how busy the city gets especially during happy hour. My friend arrived before I did and they sat her inside due to reserved tables. I asked the hostess if we could be moved and even though at first I was told they're unable to accommodate us they came by ten minutes later & moved us outside which was really nice. 
Food was great- we shared baby potatoes & I got the veggie flatbread as a meal which was delicious. My friend ate a burger and said it was so good. Drinks are great, Food is better and customer service is really amazing from the busboys to the hostess' which is so important for any business.
Ugh. I really wanted to like this place. I've walked by it countless times and thought about going in on numerous occasions. It's no secret that the ambiance is on point... but the good pretty much stops there.

Came in for lunch with a reservation for restaurant week. We were seated pretty quickly and approached by our server in a reasonable amount of time. We ordered two house punches and a bellini. While they didn't have peach puree or liqueur, they were able to make a strawberry bellini. The drinks were tasty, but the alcohol was severely lacking, especially for $14 drinks. The punch was highlighted as a tequila drink, but I swear there wasn't an ounce in there.

The first course took a while to come out, but it was definitely the highlight of the meal. Two of us decided on mushroom soup and one decided on a salad. The soup was my favorite part of the meal and I wish there was more of it. One of the whole mushrooms was vinegary and cut the creamy soup well. The salad was tasty and the mixed greens and seeds were yummy.

The second course took even longer to come out, which was really frustrating, especially as we saw other tables getting their food much quicker. While we were waiting, we requested a bottle of wine, but were told they were served in carafes... unclear whether the carafe equaled a full bottle of wine, but if not, it would definitely be more cost effective to order by the glass. For food, we ordered two sea bass and one burger. The fish smelled fishy but tasted fine. The crispy skin was good, but the portion was small. The burger came out good, but it was served with a side salad... others who were also doing restaurant week had chips or fries, but our waitress never asked what my friend wanted... she had the salad to start, so she was hoping for anything BUT salad again. Another disappointment. The burger itself was good but also pretty small.

Finally, dessert, which somehow took even longer. By that time we had been at lunch for nearly two hours! Two of us went with the ricotta pound cake with lemon-thyme (?) ice cream and poached pears, and one went with the blood orange sorbet with chocolate rice cakes. Both were disappointing. Pound cake is usually pretty heavy, but this was on another level. The ice cream accompaniment was good (it's hard to mess up ice cream), but it barely had flavor for being called lemon/thyme. The pears were good. My friend enjoyed her sorbet, but could barely bite into the rice cakes. Overall another underwhelming course. 

I was really excited to try this place but was unfortunately let down. Ambiance was good, but that was really the extent of it. I usually use restaurant week to try out places I haven't been to in the hopes of finding new spots to bring into my regular rotation, but we won't be back.
I've passed by Harper's Garden a couple of times while walking around downtown Philadelphia. Even among Philly's many restaurant patios with outdoor seating, Harper's Garden stands out with its beautiful, open veranda strung with bare-bulb lights and lush, plant-laden trellises. Eating under the wooden trellis at night was a wonderful experience, like eating in a fairy-garden of sorts. I only wish the food matched the gorgeous ambiance. My dining partner and I stopped in for a light, late night snack and got the plantain chips and crab spaghetti. The plantain chips were pretty good, crisp and slightly sweet, accompanied by a cool aioli. The crab spaghetti though, was surprisingly unappetizing. The spaghetti was a bit too al dente, and shockingly, the overall dish tasted like salty, cold lo mein with crab flavoring. Neither the flavor nor the texture of the dish was very enjoyable. To be fair, the two dishes we ordered were just a small sample of what otherwise seemed to be an diverse and interesting menu. I look forward to dining at Harper's Garden in the future, and will update my review accordingly when I try more of their food.
I'd give more than 5 stars if I could. From the decor to the food, everything was amazing!!! We were seated outside on the patio which was SUPER beautifully decorated. It felt like an old, earthy garden. We ordered the pita with spinach/greek yogurt dip, lamb meatballs, and the curried mussels. OK, first..let's talk about this PITA!!! It was sooo chewy, thick and delicious, quite unlike any other pita I have ever had. It had a sweet flavor to it and was hot fresh out of the oven. We even asked for a 2nd plate of pita since we couldn't finish all the dip that accompanied it. The spinach and greek yogurt dip was also delicious. It was mixed with candied walnuts and some other herbs, and was a perfect, fresh, delicious dip. The lamb meatballs were also quite good. They were accompanied by this curry and mint/yogurty sauce thing. But my all time favorite was the mussels. The mussels were placed in this pool of delicious curry sauce. There were so many mussels, it felt neverending. I also came with this thick slice of toasted, chewy bread with scallops mushed on top. Oh my goodness. That was ALSO amazing, especially dipped into the curry sauce. The only room for improvement I saw was the lack of service attention to our table on the patio..not sure if it was because they were busy or because they had few people, but we had to call a few times to get them over.

All in all, would definitely definitely return. 10/10 for the food. 10/10 for the ambience. annnd...6.5/10 for the service.
We came to this place two days in a row, once for a party of two and the second time for a party of 4. Both times they have been so accommodating - we sat on the street and in the garden. Our favorite spot was the garden with glass windows separating the tables. The garden area is so beautiful! It's also a nice escape from the sun since the buildings cast a bit of a shadow. And on top of it all, it truly felt like they respected and followed CDC's guidelines and proper hygiene. We did not make a reservation the first day and got seated pretty much immediately and the second time we did make a reservation over the phone. I know you can always make a res thru open table. 

Both days we ordered the burrata, it was just that good- so dreamy and decadent. I would also highly recommend the vegetable platter if you like pickled assortments - kinda similar to what you'd get with a charcuterie board. The eggplant toast is also very tasty. We tried two of the entrees, the steak and the pasta dish. They were both great, although the serving of the steak is rather small (if you were to share) but the pasta dish is definitely a lot. It could've used a little more cheese and mushroom, but regardless was very tasty and would order again (with a side of extra manchego)

The garden is such a perfect date stop. Can't wait to check out their happy hour!
Came here for a dinner at 5:30, no issues being seated and service wasn't too slow. As categorized, it's a tapas place so it's all small plates. Definitely go with a group up to Sharing a bunch of the smaller dishes, I think you would get more variety and it'd be funner. 

My group started off with the herbed rosti fries - love the crunchy exterior with super interesting strongly potato-y center. Dipping sauce was very oniony-dill like. I didn't mind, I liked the freshness. Also got the baby potatoes. I got this cause pics make it look like a substantial dish, but it's actually quite small - like a small tapas plate with potatoes the size of your thumb at most. Not bad, similar flavor profile as the herbed fries, just a different form of potatoes lol and the sauce had a very slight slight hint of coconut at first bite but afterwards you don't really notice. 

Entrees - 3/4 people got the 'merica burger lol it's two small patties both equaling .5 lbs with all the usual fixings - mustard, ketchup, cheese, pickles. Comes with side of salad of chips (actually chips, not the British chips where they mean fries). Personally i thought it was pretty small for a burger, tad bigger than shake shack size but this is a tapas places and everyone said they were full afterwards. Looked good and they were pleased, and the burgers seemed to be cooked medium ish. 

Also got the lamb meatballs - very good lamb taste, not dry at all. I liked the creme fraiche and the onion jus had a curry seasoning to it which I think matched very well. Also got the ricotta toast. Great bread! Very hearty and warm and I loved the first few bites - but I wish the dates were more evenly distributed for a nice combination with all the charred radicchio cause otherwise it's just quite bitter and sour. 

Overall, cute first date restaurant forsure, great vibe and perfect volume of music. Also a nice happy hour place. I don't like it much for dinner though. It is tapas so i understand the dishes are small, and the quality is there but I don't see myself coming back for a dinner - more a late night snack or happy hour type situation.
Celebrated my friends 40th with dinner at this very cute, intimate, clean and COVID safe restaurant. We had a private green house and it was very nice. The birthday girl was able to relax and really enjoy. The waitress was very friendly and accommodating. She also wore a mask properly in addition to a face shield. 

The drinks were great especially the harpers punch! The Brussels were really flavorful and and overall we had a very nice night out. We walked here from the Kimpton Palamor hotel in less than 5 minutes. If your in Philly and want 5 star treatment make reservation and check it out.
We stopped by this restaurant to grab some drinks and kill time before another reservation. I originally wanted to sit outside in the garden area with the lights at night. But it was still daylight and it was really hot outside, so we just grabbed some seats at the bar. 

I ordered the classic daiquiri with Havana rum, lime juice and sugar. I was worried about it being salty, but it wasn't it was pretty light and sweet. My husband ordered the 18th street heat drink with jalapeño infused espolon, lemonade, and aperol. He enjoyed it and said it had a good kick to it. 

I would maybe like to return sometime and have dinner outside. I'm hoping they expand their menu more. There is only a couple of entrees on the menu and the drinks are somewhat limited also. But we enjoyed the atmosphere of the place.
I freaking loveeee this place. Awesome décor/atmosphere, wines on tap and creative, tapas-style dishes you've never tried before. 

For anyone who's traveling to the area on business and looking for a comfy spot to dine alone without feeling awkward, you will comfortably blend into the vibe here (speaking from experience). 

Staff are super friendly and attentive (at least they were at the bar). As for the food, everything was delicious. I'd have to say of the three dishes I tried, my #1 favorite was the lamb meatballs, with crab spaghetti in at a close second and the plantains coming in third. 

If I could change ONE thing - I just wish the menu were a little more descriptive of each dish. The description of plantains mentioned nothing about honey, sugar or any other sweet element. It would have helped if they termed the dish "sweet plantains" or something along those lines because the dish was VERY sweet. The crab spaghetti had a solid kick of heat (mind you I'm one who has a high tolerance for spice) and the description did allude to a harissa spice blend, but that doesn't necessarily translate to hot for everyone. Someone who doesn't like spice may have had a hard time with discovering that level of heat. 

Other than that, everything was absolutely delicious and I would love to come back here with another human being to share the joy.
I am incredibly disappointed in our experience at Harper's Garden.  I used OpenTable to reserve dinner for 2 nearly a month in advance to celebrate my wife's birthday.  I requested an outdoor greenhouse for the special occasion with instructions to call if not available.  I confirmed the reservation the day before, and arrived only to be sat inside the restaurant without explanation.  The hostess was neither apologetic nor understanding regarding our disappointment.  She did not offer outdoor seating or any other accommodations.  Her only statement regarding the matter was that they recently made a separate online booking site for the greenhouses.  We will not return and we will be sure to share this experience.  There are plenty of great restaurants in the city; we'll spend our time and money elsewhere.
A very nice place for a light brunch, especially outside when the weather permits. 

The food was delightful, I had the 'Merica burger, and I would highly recommend it. The menu selection for brunch is relatively small but well executed. 

The service was decent given that you could tell that lack of staffing may be a concern for them right now due to Covid. It's hard to judge but the server was stretched thin so I'm not too upset about it. 

The atmosphere was lovely, I snagged a seat outside during a hot summer day, but there was a breeze so it wasn't terrible. The patio is surrounded in beautiful green plants which were a nice contrast to the gray cement you step off of. 

I definitely want to check back for the full menu, but I recommend this place!
Heard a lot about Harper's garden and after looking at their Instagram decided to make a reservation for happy hour. They even had same day reservations. Opted for an inside table, and I must say the inside decor was outstanding. Tables were pretty spread apart so I felt really safe. Vibe we're in full affect with music and great energy from the wait staff. 

Enjoyed all the cocktail options with The Nihilist being the fan favorite as they were flowing all evening. The friendly waitstaff suggested some great follow-up options so be sure to use their suggestions. 

Looking for to coming back for brunch and actually tasting the food.
Reall cool place for a meal or drink outside on a nice day. The front outdoor patio is gorgeous. The bar inside is also really cool, but a seat on the patio is where you want to be when the weather is nice. I came here for lunch with a co-worker. It was a sunny day so we sat outside. The server greeted us promptly and brought us water and menus. He took a bit longer than preferred to come back and take our order, but we eventually ordered. We got the lamb meatballs appetizer. My co-worker got the burger and I got the fried chicken sandwich. 

Our sandwiches came out in about 15 minutes, before our appetizer. We would have preferred the appetizer first, but we just began eating our sandwiches. The meatballs were good. The sauce it was server over was good but could have used a bit more salt and pepper. The meatballs were cooked perfectly and were very well seasoned. It did not come with bread, but the appetizer definitely needed bread so I asked for a side of bread. It should come with bread to soak up the sauce. 

My sandwich was really good. The milk toast was so perfect for that sandwich. The aioli was packed with flavor. The chicken was battered and fried to perfection. I highly recommend that sandwich. The portions were good. The lunch prices were a bit higher than I usually like to spend, but definitely worth it. I will be back!
Walking into Harper's Garden is such a delight - the interior is welcoming, unusual (all the hanging greenery is gorgeous, plus the huge central bar that looks almost like an organ), the hosts & waitstaff are cheerful and helpful... it's unfortunate that the food is so disappointing. 

We shared four plates for dinner, and two (brussel sprouts & lamb meatballs) I have made better at home in the past month (and I'm only a fair cook). The brussel sprouts were unevenly cooked - some were nice and soft, but some were still almost raw). The lamb meatballs were dense. The worst dish of the night were the plaintain chips - which has some kind of sweet glaze on them, were not crispy (not chip-like at all) and the dipping sauce had no hint of "serrano" in it - the dish was sweet on sweet on sweet. (More on that in a second.) The best dish were the delicata squash rings - batter was crispy, they were perfectly salty. But the "fondue" sauce was kind of unnecessary. And again... why so sweet? 

This was the biggest issue - there's no balance between flavors, each dish was super sweet. Golden raisins with the broccoli. Tomato sauce with the meatballs. The plaintains felt like dessert. And the squash rings were great up until I dragged them through the sauces on the plate - the "maple" was overwhelming. 

Beautiful place, beautiful patio (which I'd love to try in the summer), but will likely stick with wine/cocktails.
The worse service! I didn't know that some restaurant can discriminate family with kids!!!!! 
Managers lie in front of your face that they don't have  a free table. When we can see 3 tables was empty. 
If you guys don't want to have clients with kids then let us and everyone know. Its not nice that you lie and tell us differences
Cute space, but after this service never visit again
I love the outdoor space at Harper's Garden. It provides a combination of coziness/intimacy of an upscale restaurant with the upbeat vibe of a hip spot in the city. Their cocktail menu is interesting and delicious- I'm partial to the Aperol Spritz, but the Electric Relaxation was delicious as well. 

We tried the baby potatoes, herbed rosti fries, cheeseboard, ricotta toast, 'merica burger,  and smoked malt gnocchi. The baby potatoes were my favorite- the combination of the potatoes with the warm goat cheese sauce was out of this world. Everything was delicious and beautifully plated!
I noticed this new spot 2 weeks ago while out with some friends. I was excited to grab dinner there with my neighbor, but unfortunately, it was pouring when we went to eat. I had no idea that there was an indoor seating area, and I was pleasantly surprised when we put our name in for a table. The setting is absolutely lovely and has a relaxed, romantic feel to it. We ordered the hand pulled mozzarella to share. It was pretty good--the fried capers were my favorite part of the dish. I ordered the daiquiri which was really tasty. For dinner, my neighbor ordered the swordfish and couldn't stop raving about it, and I had the burger which was delicious. I am excited to visit again when we can sit outside in the garden!
I visited Harper's Garden for the first time recently. It's a beautiful spot! Their usual outdoor dining area is gorgeous and adorned with plants and pretty lights. Right know they also just opened a few private greenhouses for guests in groups of 4 to 8 people. The greenhouses are heated and have lighting for night time. A perfect spot for brunch or a date night. 

Service for my brunch at Harper's Garden was great. Waiter was very friendly, our food and drinks came very quickly and he checked on us often. 

I got the peach pancakes which were delicious. Mimosas are yummy too. Their roasted breakfast potatoes are great!!

I can't wait to come back here and try lunch or dinner food.
This place is beautiful and pretty much made for fancy dress receptions. I've always been intrigued by the elaborate outdoor space and finally made my way inside for a small bite at lunch. 

It was pretty busy with office people and I took a seat at the corner of the bar. There's a door at the end of a corridor which made for a chilly draft. 

I ordered the Okinawa Sweet Potato Toast and it was this totally new and delicious menu item I had no prior context for. It's a perfect blend of savoury-sweetness from the purple sweet potatoes and sage marshmallow. There wasn't any spiciness from the jalapeño butter which I liked. It's a fairly small portion cut up into 3 but really filling. I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a healthy, tasty, and beautiful mid-day snack.
Okay... I randomly picked a restaurant to try in Philly to meet up with a friend and this was amazingggg. I get why Philly is such a foodie city. We only got 2 apps and they were both amazing- didn't get a chance to take a pic of the first one because we finished it so quickly. Potatoes with goat cheese and the hash browns!!! 

Atmosphere was also nice! Cute patio out front which would be perfect in the summer. Will be back!
Came for mid afternoon drinks on Saturday and loved it! Not too busy and drinks were great. I was bummed that I didn't make it here during the summer months since the outside section is so pretty, and was curious what the inside would be like, and it was gorgeous as well. I can't speak for the food, but I'd be back to try!
The outdoor patio is a wonderful spot to enjoy a beverage and a bite. We were seated upstairs today where you enjoy a nice view of the hanging plants - very 1970s vibe. The dinner got off to an unfortunate start bc they have no bourbon list and the Malbec we ordered was oxidized and completely undrinkable. Interestingly, they list a price per bottle on the menu but serve you a carafe of wine from a cask. They don't explain this to you ahead of time. The shrimp toast was tasty.the scallops were fine, the roti fries were huge blocks and had a weird consistency (tiny shreds) with really no taste. They did have a nice cheese plate and salad. The lamb meatballs were delicious - moist and flavorful with a nice tangy sauce. I would come back for a drink on the patio but not for dinner.
HATS OFF TO THE CHEF!

I visited Harper's Garden for the first time last summer and was seated outside their vibrant garden. The exterior decor was well lit and the ambience was intimate & comfortable. #VIBES 

I went with my BF and a couple of friends. The service was attentive and friendly. Everyone seemed to be cheerful and welcoming. We didn't wait long to be seated nor did we wait long for our food order. 

We ordered quite a few dishes to share family style and I must say, I enjoyed each and every one of them. We started with the Truffle Flatbread, Moroccan Lamb Meatballs, Cheese Board, Plaintain Chips, and Herb Rosti Fries. My favorites were the Truffle Flatbread and Moroccan Lamb Meatballs. Absolutely delicious and flavorful. For the entrees, we shared the 'Merica Burger, Crab Spaghetti, and Fried Cod Banh Mi. The 'Merica Burger was probably one of the best burgers I've ever had (and I'm picky too). Each bite crumbles and melts in your mouth. The burger was perfectly done and quickly made it to my top 3 favorite burger places in Philly. The Crab Spaghetti had a good spice kick to it. It was creamy and delicious. The Fried Cod Banh Mi was pretty good too. Perfect sandwich for the summer. 

To top off all the ah-mazing savory dishes we had, we ordered the Chamomile and Lavender Custard for dessert. It was SOOOO GOUDA. 

Overall, a phenomenal experience in regards to food and service. I enjoyed it so much, I brought my family the second time I visited. Can't wait to go back. 

*FYI: Their menu is seasonal, so all the dishes I've mentioned may or may not still be on their current menu.
Stopped by one of my fav Philly spots for restaurant week and they did NOT disappoint. First of all AMAZING service from our waiter Sebastian. He was so friendly and attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu. Came with a group of my girlfriends and we tried just about everything on the menu haha. The ambiance is so cute and cozy, perfect for a date night or a girls night out. 9/10 would highly recommend!
There's almost too many Biergarten style spots in CC but they are so fun tho. This one is niiice and the food was good too. Met one of the coolest engineers i know here after her young women professionals seminar or something. We left all her docs on the table to further inspire the wonderful ladies of Harpers garden
From what I saw on other reviews, the food looks delicious here. They recently opened for brunch and I really want to just attribute today to a logistical mistake. The outdoor seating area was super cute &the restaurant had all of the windows open. It was hot and humid today. 

My friend and I got there a little before 2p and brunch is until 3p. I requested a seat inside and the hostess was pleasant enough and made accommodations for that. There were a couple of other people inside at the bar and being served. 

After we sat, we weren't acknowledged by any of the staff inside. There was a man sitting at a table directly in front of us and his waiter came over to give him his check and didn't give our table a glance


After close to 15 minutes, still no service. We got up to leave and one of the staff members said, "thanks for coming!"

They seemed nice enough but we are convinced they had no intention on acknowledging us being there for brunch. 

I'd go back to try again. If you're going to go...make sure you sit outside so they see you're there to eat. 

Maybe next time...
If you want an aesthetic atmosphere then grab a seat outside while it's nice at night. The lights and fresh air are a great pairing to their fairly priced food and drinks. BYOB I believe they charge you around 25 but their drinks are really good.
Im so happy this place Is still up and running! Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the city and they have been taking great precautions during covid. 
I love their whole menu! Everything tastes so good! 
The most recent thing I had off the menu is the marinated portobello dinner- Im a pescatarian and they always have something new on the menu to try that is within my dietary restrictions. 
They have an amazing outdoor dining area that is heated and closed off you won't even feel like you're outside in the freezing cold! They also have private igloos for those who don't want to dine with others in the patio. I'll definitely be returning during and post covid!
As much as I want to LOVE this place, I constantly am disappointed.

I have been 5 times since July because I love the cocktails, the field greens salad and of course, the ambiance... but I have not had one positive experience with the staff to date. 

If you are coming for a drink - DO IT - delicious... but if you are coming for a positive experience, great customer service and maybe even connect with the staff, I would go elsewhere.
Sadly, I didn't get to take any pictures OR check in because I was fashionably late to my own birthday brunch that my bestfriend set up for me. But, that didn't make my first experience here less amazing. The place is aesthetically beautiful. I love the flowers and the set up, definitely perfect for Instagram photos. I imagine it would be even more beautiful at night when the lights come on! 

Their menu isn't very vast - but the options they do have on there all sound amazing. I got waffles with peach and cream compote, scrambled eggs with cheese, chicken sausage, bacon and potatoes with a frosé to drink. The portions were sooo big! Honestly thought this was gonna be one of those places that serve me smaller portions but I have been proven wrong! lol. I had to take the rest home for leftovers. The only thing that was skimpy was the drink. Other than that the food was amazing and with that first bite, your tastebuds will be able to tell they use nothing but high quality ingredients in their food. 

Highly recommend for brunch. Oh and gentlemen... this would be a perfect place to take your lady! 

P.S - if you're scared of lanternflies I wouldn't recommend going right now since there are tons of them downtown, but definitely don't let that deter you from some good eats!
Came here for brunch yesterday and was very happy with our meal and service! We didn't have a reservation so we sat at the bar until a table was available. The drinks were so good - I got the strawberry swing which was sweet but not overwhelming. The bartender was very sweet and friendly as well. Once our table was ready - probably took 20 minutes, we were lucky enough to be seated in one of the greenhouses. This was great because we had our own private area and felt safe since ya know COVID times haha 

Our waitress was super sweet and accommodating. We started off with apps: oysters and the cheese board. I thought the oysters were okay, nothing spectacular but I loved the cheese board. I do wish it had more crackers though. For our entree, most of us got a variety of the eggs Benedict. Mine was with ham and it was so good! For my side, I got potatoes which were also really good. I finished my entire plate haha 

Will definitely be back here for future meals, wish they had a bottomless drink option though
Loved my experience at Harper's Garden. It's so beautiful. We picked the perfect Sunday to dine outdoors.

I highly recommend the Fried Chicken and Biscuits and Chicken Apple Sausage.

We also ordered the seasonal oysters and they were really yummy. We opted for east coast as they were more salty.

The Nihilist #2 was my favorite drink! I will be back! Maybe for happy hour.
I was a little nervous to come here after reading some of the more recent less-than-stellar reviews, but I'm happy to report that I had a pretty excellent experience.

Reservations- For parties less than 8 you can book online using Resy. I called about 2 weeks in advance to book a table for 10 for my fiancé's birthday dinner and the hostess was very nice and accommodating. Ultimately she made the reservation for me on Resy and I received an email confirmation as well as a text to confirm the day before. Super easy.

Vibe- This restaurant has such a nice vibe. It's very garden-chic if that's even a thing. On the day of the dinner (which was on a Tuesday to be fair) we were seated in the dining room in the corner of the restaurant and it felt very private.

Drinks- The cocktails were one of the things that drew me to this restaurant. Menu has a great variety of beer, wines, and cocktails (that are very well made) so there's definitely something for everyone. My fiancé was spoiled with the Old Forester Birthday Bourbon which was reportedly exceptional.

Food- Not a whole lot of options for entrees, but I personally prefer fewer choices because I tend to get overwhelmed with excessively large menus. Entrees are pricy but the food tasted good. I ordered the mushroom fettuccini and thought it was great. A few people had the burger which was very well-received. My friend had the beet salad and was underwhelmed.

Service- We had one waitress for our party and she was phenomenal. Incredibly attentive, quick, and super friendly. The restaurant even gave us a champagne toast for my fiancé's birthday which was completely not expected!

TLDR; chic restaurant with an intimate vibe, great cocktails, and tasty (although pricy) entrees. Was great for a large party. Would recommend and come again.
We stopped in for a quick drink on our way to start the night.  It was too gorgeous out to sit at the inside bar so we opted to stand at a cocktail pillar. I loved the outside area- it was inviting and comfortable and open all at the same time. The best view was when you looked up. 

Service was great and the drink options were good although just a bit pricey.  We glanced at the menu and it looked pretty good. We enjoyed the service and decor so much we would definitely return to eat.
Harpers Garden is such a great new addition to the city! I popped in with 4 friends on a Friday with no reservation, and we were seated immediately. The drinks were great. I got one with cucumber and jalapeño that was so refreshing and light. I also got the tuna crudo with the roasted potatoes. Everything was super tasty. Note it's priced as everything else in Rittenhouse, expensive. 2 drinks and 2 small plates cost me $50. Regardless it was a great time, and I'll probably return soon.
Great vibes, friendly service, okay food. 
I ordered the dragonfruit lemonade which was good but also tasted like just plain lemonade. For my entree I ordered the Mahi Mahi. The quality of the fish was good but not many flavors going around besides being really salty. I regret spending $30 on it. I'm not sure if I'll visit again but may stop by for the brunch menu someday!
YALLLL, I cannot recommend this place enough! This is my second time here and let me tell you.. it did not disappoint! I came for brunch the first time the food, service everything was amazing! The second time I came was for drinks only and that was even better! I came for my birthday on a Sunday with a gf and the bartender was amazing! He even made me a special birthday drink with a candle on it! We had three drinks and we kept wanting more!  I love this place overall for brunch or small plates or even if it is just for drinks!
Love this place! The food was great, as well as the drinks. There's not one negative thing I could say about this new little addition to the city! I can't wait to go back!
I'm a little late to the party - but I came during one of it's opening days and had a blast. The day was nice and sunny, which made the outdoor seating even more enjoyable. In fact, I think their porch is much better than the inside. All being said, we got a few drinks (maybe a few too many), and shared two of the flatbreads. We got the crumbled sausage flatbread, which was delicious and savory, the fries, which was a great snack, and the mushroom flatbread, which was a nice foil to the sausage. I think this is a great place to spend the evening in open-air Philadelphia under fairy lights and have great conversation with friends with beers in hand.
Great food! Great service in town for the weekend. Drank ate and laughed with friends everyone should come! My boyfriend is here for s conference so we ventured out and were happy with the results!
Instead of going to a restaurant that we've been to a million times, my husband and I decided to try out Harper's Garden for our 3yr anniversary. The food and cocktails we ordered were good, BUT the hostess' and the service was awful. 
It started raining when we drove into the city and our reservation was for a table out on the patio (it was sprinkling....not down pouring). 
Once we got there it had stopped and there was a good amount of people already outside! So, when they told us that they had ONE table left inside and that they "wouldn't be able to seat us inside if it started raining" we chose to take the offer. 
The last table inside wound up being one squished in between two extremely loud parties and we immediately got up to ask if we could sit outside. (that's not how we wanted to celebrate our anniversary)
When my husband reached the hostess station you could instantly tell that she was annoyed with our change. She walked us over to a completely EMPTY and DARK section of the patio, slapped the menus down and walked away. 
I will say it wound up sprinkling a little bit while we were outside, but we really don't care about stuff like that. After it stopped though, I expected the waitress to at least wipe the table top off so it wasn't full of water and she never did. 
I'm usually not one to get upset about stuff like that because honestly who knows what kind of day they've had, but since it was our anniversary it stuck out in my mind and now I honestly don't know if it's even worth giving the restaurant a second chance! 
Totally disappointing.
So lemme just say that this is the cutest place ever! Outdoor seating, definitely set the mood..the weather was really good also! 

We orders the buratta and eggplant as an appetizer and omg!! Both were so so good and delish! Very light and refreshing! 

The 'Merica Burger was the One of the BEST burgers I've ever had! My husband and I split the burger but it was so juicy and moist! Like it was perfect!! I want another one, just sitting here thinking about it! Lol! 

Everything here was yummy! It was very light and refreshing! Definitely plan on coming back here next time I'm in town!!
Came in for a beer and a burger. The twist on this burger with the double stacked brisket blend was full of flavor and the side salad was creative and delicious. Based on the quality and flavor of the food I'm sure everything here is great. I'll be back for sure
What a great spot in the city. Been here twice so far and can't wait to come back to try some of there delicious looking brunch items.

The chefs know what they are doing first off and the drinks are top shelf. Bartenders are very informative and looks like they take pride in the service and want you to enjoy the drinks that being said your looking at around $20 a drink just a heads up unless there is some kind of happy hour going on.

Food is on point. Mushroom soup is and probably will be the best mushroom soup I will ever have in my life. The Burrata appetizer is worth it whatever they charge. Wasn't planning on eating the bread with the Burrata however it is magnificently burnt to a taste that the Gods would approve of. The cheese taste like a dessert but is creamy and light, for those that are not in the know Burrata is known as the queen of Italian cheeses, don't worry I did not know until a few days ago either. 

Striped Bass had so much flavor going on it felt like this fish had steroid shot levels of flavor making the lips almost smile involuntarily. 

Only qualm with the French Canela dessert is they just gave us spoons and this was extremely hard to cut. For those not familar with the French Canela this is referred to in the foodie world as the new macaroon.

This is a great spot to come if you do not want to be disappointed with your meal. Highly recommend if you are in the area.
I have literally never had a server/bartender at a restaurant talk to me so rudely. I showed the bartender my EAD card (a federal ID) as ID proof which he refused to take. I understand that maybe its not a valid ID even though its a US ID with my birth date and can be successfully used to board airplanes all he needed to politely say that he wont accept it. He went on to say "that you can even get me your birth certificate but doesn't mean I'll accept it as valid ID". That was absolutely unnecsessary and spoiled my evening. 

To sum it all up THE STAFF HERE IS UNPROFESSIONAL AND RUDE AND I WOULD RECOMMEND YOU GO SPEND YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT A BETTER BAR. 

Date: 07/06 time: 10:30 pm.
Absolutely mind-blown by this placed and so surprised I hadn't heard of this before. 

First off, the interior is absolutely beautiful and the exterior as well, especially for when the sun comes out again. 

The food is reasonably priced and absolutely delicious. This is definitely a place you want to go with a group so you can get one of everything (or maybe multiple if you're like us). As a vegetarian, they were super accommodating. 
In terms of food: 
- Beer Battered Delicata Squash Rings: so good, I could keep eating them if they weren't fried
- Hand Pulled Mozzarella: delicious, but my favorite part was actually the salty and fried capers that complemented the more simple mozz 
- Carrots: Sitting in hummus the carrots were a huge hit, but actually not my favorite 
- Smoked Cauliflower Tortelloni: I could not get my hands off of these-both the cauliflower and the tortelloni. There's about 4-5 pieces of each in the broth. I was ready to eat 3 orders of this for dinner. 
- Endive apple salad: I don't like blue cheese, but interestingly enough the salad definitely wasn't overpowered by it at all
- The meatballs and the scallops (thinly sliced) were also huge hits 
- Truffle flatbread: almost everyone got this and were so happy about their choice. The flatbread was delicious and the egg yolk was small and cooked as to not overpower the other flavors in the dish. Even the truffle was well managed. 
- The salmon was also a favorite and it had some sort of watermelon jerky that was an interesting addition. 
As for dessert, the Chocolate ganache was amazing but the entrees were definitely a highlight.

They also have a late night happy hour which is 10pm-12am with a great selection.
great dining experience especially for the summer time!

came with my boyfriend on a saturday night, wasn't too crowded but outside seating was full but we got a seat right by the window which was wonderful because it's so open and you feel like you're basically sitting outside. 

aperol spritz here is the drink to order! portion is generous and tasted wonderful. 

3 cheese board - this was nice! i wish there were some meat as well but i was happy with the choices of cheese i received. 

plantain chips - these were AMAZING! definitely the best i've had in philadelphia. they're wonderfully crispy but also sticky with that wonderful honey

crab spaghetti - this was so flavorful. i wish there were more noodles but they definitely didn't skimp out on the crab

Overall, this place was a great dining experience, their menu isn't too long but i'll be interested to see if they make any additions in the future!
This place was absolutely adorable and very Covid friendly! Our server Sebastian was friendly, paid attention to detail, and was extremely helpful in choosing the menu. The potato hash was out of this world, the waffles were delicious and not overly sweet. The avocado toast was different than anything I've ever had! The atmosphere is beautiful for brunch and I would assume even more gorgeous during dinner!
