Harp & Crown is like two different restaurants. The weekend brunch buffet (offered Saturdays & Sundays) has a whole different vibe than the "other" (same place) sit -down restaurant. If you're wondering (and I was) the weekend brunch options are basically the same on both Saturdays and Sundays (I asked). But from what I understand, the flavors of the scones and quiches change periodically and I imagine some of the seasonal offerings may change as well. There wasn't that much that was seasonal so it's probably fairly consistent.

Food/drink cont'd.
I really enjoyed the all you can eat brunch as a whole and though I didn't try every single item, I certainly enjoyed what I tried. My favorite items were the roast prime rib and the fried potatoes. If there had been a roasted vegetable and a popover, it would have been a classic "Sunday Roast." I was hoping they'd have a Caesar salad option, but not all wishes come true. None the less, the offerings were still very, very good- in fact it was one of the best brunch buffets I've ever attended, including the one at Lacroix! 
The pot de creme chocolate was delicious, especially with the fresh berries. I also enjoyed the smoked salmon/bagel option. 

We also ordered a bottle of sparkling wine to mix with the OJ and GFJ options included with the brunch which also included iced or hot coffee or iced or hot tea(unlimited). All of this was $28/person. The bottle of sparkling wine was $44. For Center City, these prices are great!

And unlike a lot of the all you can eat places, the quality of the food was excellent. I usually know afterward by how thirsty I am. And since I'm not thirsty at all, I think that means the food wasn't full of preservatives and other cheap flavor enhancers to make up for quality. I thought the smoked salmon was not at all over the top salty which made it extra yummy. I took lots of photos. There was something for everyone on that brunch buffet and I recommend it to everyone who likes to eat. 

Re. Photos, I didn't capture everything served on the brunch menu. So there will be a few fun surprises when it's your turn to experience H&C weekend brunch!

Service:
One of the highlights of the day was the gentleman who served the prime rib and also made the waffles. I should have asked him his name! He was outstanding! With a great personality, he hand sliced with perfection! He was also very nice and professional and I could tell he took pride in his work! He really enjoyed it and when you feel that, it makes the whole experience that much better! He's a keeper!!! I see great things for his future!

Adam our server was terrific and there was plenty of support staff to grab our empty plates. I noticed they got pretty aggressive near the end and not as attentive at the beginning which felt not so great; especially since we still had half of a bottle of wine to drink when they started hanging about us. So it felt a bit presumptive. If they really wanted us to go, perhaps they should have refilled our glasses with the wine instead of attempting to snatch our plates away before we were finished. That would have been a more diplomatic approach and its not easy for everyone to pour their own wine. 

In spite of that one not so fun issue, it was a great  experience and again I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys brunch or just enjoys food.
Swanky lil' joint with a small bowling alley in the basement. Who thought of this great idea?

We visited Harp & Crown on the first Friday night that they were open. Reservations were difficult to come by due to the anticipation of the grand opening, so we opted for a late dinner at 9:30 PM.

The decor is a modern twist on all-things-vintage (if that makes sense). The bar space was hopping but we had to wait a few minutes by the check-in area for some room to become available before we could grab a drink. I presume they were aiming for crowd control by the narrow bar. Within a few minutes we were barside, awaiting our much-needed spirits. They offer some inspired cocktails that are crafted with fresh juices (always a plus). There is something on the drink menu for everyone. 

Small plates are where it's at here. We sampled the roasted olives, chicken liver mousse (surprisingly good!), artisan cheese plate, oysters, and a flatbread that was devoured so fast that I couldn't even tell you what in the Sam Hill was on it! Margherita, I presume. 

New establishments always need some time to work out the kinks, so I am not going to ding them for little service issues. We encountered smiles among the staff even in light of a very busy evening. We made reservations for a few weeks out and we are looking forward to returning. And I am hopeful to kick some bowling arse in the downstairs lounge next time around!
We had a wonderful experience at Harp & Crown. Arriving mid-evening for our reservation, we walked in and thought that the place looked really cool. As an old speakeasy, the decor was vintage chic.

The restaurant was packed and we were seated at one of two empty tables near the entrance. The concept is small, shared plates and after conferring with our waitress, we ordered the domestic artisanal cheese plate, beet salad, lamb meatballs, mac and cheese, and hanger steak. This allowed us to try something from nearly every menu category with the exceptions of vegetables and pizza.

All of our dishes were coursed well, beginning with the cheese plate and ending with the steak. The beef was probably the best dish of the night for me. It was so well seasoned and juicy. The freshness and lightness of the swiss chard complemented it perfectly. While the mac and cheese was very creamy, it lacked any seasoning. I added a little much needed salt and pepper. I also loved the beet salad, simple yet beautiful and well prepared.

We finished by splitting the strawberry rhubarb cheesecake which was actually plain cheesecake with strawberry rhubarb compote on the plate. After our meal, the crowd started to thin out and we stayed and chatted for another hour while our waitress continued to fill our water glasses.

Harp and Crown delivered a solid meal in a very cool environment. Next time we'll have to go downstairs to check out the bowling alley.
As far as I'm concerned, Michael Schulson can do no wrong. I absolutely love his latest in a string of fabulous Philadelphia restaurants! 

Harp & Crown is big and beautiful, with a comfortable yet chic throwback vibe. Our party of four was seated in a booth towards the far end of the restaurant on a chilly Sunday night. 

We ordered a bunch of plates to share. My favorites of the night were the burrata (possibly my favorite rendition ever, with sweet slices of kumquats, pistachios and honey), the lamb meatballs, roasted halibut and short rib pappardelle. I enjoyed washing down these delectable bites with the Sancerre. 

Do. Not. Miss. Dessert. And when you go to order, be sure to ask for the apple pie, which will arrive hot in a cast iron skillet, topped with the most incredible butter pecan ice cream you've ever imagined. Definitely large enough to share (though you won't want to)! 

Looking forward to checking out the cocktail bar downstairs sooner than later!
Only went for happy hour but it was great and I can't wait to go back. Bartender Sarah was great. Killer happy hour cocktail for $5 and many good options for like $5. Had empanadas and ricotta with grilled bread. The space is stunning. I hear they have two bowling alleys. How cool is that. Headed back next week for a full meal , but the menu looks wonderful. Lots of good choices at decent prices.
Love love love this place! Excellent place to go if you love tapas and great drinks. The atmosphere and decor are amazing as well. The key is to come with a few people so you can sample the entire menu. I have been here a few times and pretty much have sampled 80% of the menu. 

A few of my favorite tapas are: mushroom farro, lamb meatball (i love lamb) and pork belly. For the mains definitely try the pizza, it is pretty big and filling and pair it up with some diver scallops, which are cooked to perfection. 

The drink menu is pretty good too, they have a good variety of wine, beers and excellent cocktails. My favorite is the dying declaration. It is a fun drink to watch them make it (spoiler alert: there is fire involved).
A perfect date night spot!! The ambiance is to die for proving yet again Michael Schulson can really do no wrong. I am such a huge fan of once forgotten spaces being given new life and purpose. I just feel it adds a rare layer a depth to a place giving you that "if these walls could talk" feel. Big fan of the other repurposed joints associated with Harp & Crown (Double Knot, Graffiti Bar, Sampan) so we knew we would love it here also! We did. 

We were looking for the perfect place NOT to bring the kiddos. We found it! Honestly, no matter where you sit the vibes are on...the front room with greenery and outdoor lights hanging above, the main dining room with vintage photos and chipping walls, or downstairs which is mine and I'm sure many others favorite...by the bowling alley and the bar where bartenders are dressed in throwback speakeasy garb. It's super sexy and dark down there. Like a secret underground space nobody is supposed to know about. Whether you're ordering an entire meal, just grabbing cocktails or noshing on small plates, this seat yourself section is fab!

We started with cocktails which are so absolutely on point and a must. So hard to narrow it down, really.  We chose: 
BARTENDER'S KEEP
(gin, carpano bianco, benedictine, lime) and the 

SMOKE & ROSE (scotch, blackberry liquor, rosemary, citrus). 

We would recommend both! 

The wine, red, white and sparkling, as well as drafts aren't too shabby either. 

For snacks I had the roasted olives with pickled pepper, thyme and orange. They were incredible!!! I haven't had perfectly warmed olives like these since Barcelona!! If you're an olive fan, you must try them! I also had the harissa carrots which were also delish and had great flavor! They have gluten free and vegan options available! 

Hubs who is basically a big kid and ordered a simple margherita pizza and the ricotta gnocchi with pecorino and peas. He said the gnocchi which he was really looking forward to lacked flavor and the pizza was surprisingly the standout of the two. 

Not sure you can really go by our simple food choices but other people seem to love the meatballs, octopus and poke' here. 

We would absolutely come back for cocktails and try some other bites. I will always be ordering their olives though!! YUUUUUM! 

Ambiance 5

Cocktails 5 

Food 3.5 

Service 4 

*Bowling seems super expensive as it's priced per hour, not per person, but for a larger party it makes sense and seems like a blast. First come, first serve when they don't have it already reserved.
I'm giving four stars because from the minute we walked in we were treated so delightfully. The gentleman that was the host instantly brought a smile to our faces. I'm recognizing this more during these awkward pandemic times. Eating out requires a bit more planning and accommodation and the hostess was wonderful. This continued to every level of service... our server, our food runners and everything in between. We ate outdoors in the private, partitioned, heated booths. This is the way to go when eating outdoors during this unfriendly winter. 
Now... the food. The star of the night was the whole roasted cauliflower. It was delicious. I could have dined on that alone. The seasoning, the butter, the perfect roast that made it soft enough to cut into but firm enough for a fresh taste. The beet salad that we shared was also good. I ordered the chicken and for me, it was a no go. The fries were cold and the chicken was over cooked. (It was dry) I explained it to my dining partners as way too "chickeny ". And there was absolutely no jus. None. My friend really liked her chicken pot pie and the hangar steak ordered by another friend was decent. We were celebrating my good friend's birthday and we haven't been out together since my friend's last birthday a year ago, so this was a special night (thanks to vaccinations). The staff was so good at recognizing our special occasion and that made a memorable night even more memorable. Even though I wasn't taken with my dish, there was enough for me to be satisfied and delighted about. But that chicken really needs some seasoning and some jus.
I feel a bit conflicted about Harp & Crown and not just because it follows the cliche restaurant name of an ampersand & 2 random items, (update: someone informed me this name is actually that of one of the oldest bars in philly, so that's actually pretty cool) but because...

It's a beautiful space & it was incredibly crowded by people who looked like they'd stumbled over from Ladder (you know the type).

The food is amazing & it was also very expensive ($70 each for dinner and 2 drinks!)

The food came out very fast & the service was really odd (bringing out food we didn't order, not taking drink orders).

It's a large bar & a restaurant with tables & booths & couches & a front area that looks like a terrace but is inside & a bowling alley?!

We were seated in a booth next to the bar & we had to literally shout at each other because it was so loud.

The food was excellent & no we didn't need 3 plates per person (7 for 4 people was plenty)
Duck & foie rillette: decent sized portion with large chunks of duck & delicious paired with grapes.
Lamb meatballs: Holy balls these were good. Tender & great sauce. 3 to an order. Comes with bread.
Burrata & figs: So delicious & a little messy. Also comes with bread.
Beet salad: red & yellow beets & chunks of goat cheese & delicious.
Fettuccine & lamb ragout: possibly my favorite dish of the night. 
Hangar steak: The sauce on this was amazing.
Ice cream sandwich with Snickerdoodle & apple ice cream: only $4 and a delicious way to end the meal.

I love Double Knot & Sampan & I love the space here, but for the price point, I wouldn't be back unless I knew the service improved & I was seated somewhere else that wasn't so insanely loud.
I was expecting great things from Michael Schulson and his wife Nina, but I couldn't be more disappointed.

The space itself upstairs looks nice but the layout is pretty bad.  It's like a half-assed bar that they then decided to add dinner tables to, and sitting at a table you feel like there's a constant stream of people walking by.

We were going to a party downstairs and it's apparently a huge production with the girl at the top of the stairs radio'ing downstairs to tell them she's "sending people down".  You go down into the basement, past a bunch of swinging doors for the kitchen, and then into a small room in the back that looks like it was decorated by a bunch of stoned college students with weird panels glued and nailed to the ceiling.  The crowd down there is anything but VIP, it was a bunch of older married guys dressed in loose fitting button down plaid shirts and drinking beer at the bar while all hitting on the two lone cougars who happened to be standing around.

On the way down, we were stopped in the hallway while Nina was in the process of screaming and yelling at a group of guys trying to leave because they wanted to use the elevator due to a cast on his leg.

After getting downstairs, it only goes downhill.  Food is mediocre, but service is even worse.  Ordered drinks, then after she brought over 1/2 of the drink order, we ordered food.  Food was delivered, we reminded them we were still waiting for 2 of our drinks.  15 min later, still no drinks.  Had to grab her a third time to finally get her to bring me my drink . . . and it's not even crowded down there!  I will say that the burger was good, as were the fries (but not worth coming back for).  The duck foe gras dish was also good, but portion size was way too small.

When I went to use the bathroom, I had to go back down the hallway to the kitchen area.  The single bathroom had towels and toilet paper on the floor and looked more like what you'd expect from a subway station than a nice restaurant.  

Given the staff's lack of service, the overpriced menu, the condition of the facilities, and the cherry on top -- the wild and rude owner Nina making a scene -- it's easy to recommend avoiding this spot and going to any one of the dozen+ other options within a 2-block radius from here.
They're okay.

Hate happy specials? Then you'll hate Harp & Crown.

Don't come here if you don't like being confused. They have TWO bars, one on street level, and one downstairs. The downstairs one is tucked away down a long hallway and takes forever to walk to. Imagine you're on a cruise ship, minus the whole motion sickness deal.

Addicted to catching Pokemon or swiping on Tinder? Downstairs there's poor cellular service. And no Wi-Fi! The nerve!

Shout-out to bartender Ryan for keeping my glass full even when it probably should have stayed empty.
Gotta say Im truly digging Harp & Crown. Would have never found this place if not recommended by a friend so I figured I would write a review so others can get a lil H&C in their life.

We walked by Harp & Crown twice on Sansom because they are doing construction out front. They do have a big sign but to make it easy its right across the street from Ladder.

Huge ceilings and laid back speakeasy vibe with B&W portraits on the walls. Even tv's in bar area are B&W for the throwback feels. We went in to pre-game before dinner but I have to say their menu looked delish and HH specials were great so I will go back for dinner.

The bartenders were super friendly and really educated and offered up great suggestions. The Meridian Peak was my fav...had a few. Let me start by saying Tequila is my last choice but I sipped a friends and my tastebuds were sizzling. Spicy, fruity, and with the torched rosemary stem aroma hitting you after the first sip, it was a fabulous cocktail. Everyone loved the drinks.

We had the charcuterie and cheese plates to pick at and both were very good with a nice variety.

Im going to put it out there...the bathrooms are gender neutral so prepare yourself. The lil old gentleman in there with full bathroom door open while using the facilities didn't get the concept and was shocked when I walked in. I got a giggle but he was a little unnerved so advise your peeps to shut the door. 

Oh!! Almost forgot the coolest part! The two lane bowling alley and small cocktail area down the long dark hallway downstairs. Very intimate and  would be awesome for a party. Comfy chairs, a little competitive game, and some kickin cocktails. A great night out.
RESTAURANT WEEK AND TASTING MENU BEWARE! 

I'm not commenting on the food, since I didn't even have any while I was there. 3 of my friends and I came here on restaurant week. We had all looked at the menu beforehand and saw there were 6 courses we'd get, with some cool options. So we were really excited. 

After we were sat and ordered our wine, the waitress tells us that we pick one option from each of the 6 groups FOR THE TABLE to share! All four of us had to eat the exact same thing for every course - yet we all had to pay for it?? I have never, in my life, heard of such a thing. 

If that is their "policy" as they kept stating, fine - but no where - NO WHERE - on their website, or on the Restaurant Week's website, did it say that everyone at the table had to eat the same thing. I even spoke to the manager who was not helpful at all - she just kept saying "There's nothing I can do". Well, actually there is - you could have accommodated us and let us order what we want, but no. 2 of the people I was with didn't eat meat, and one was dairy free - how are we supposed to eat the same thing? Again, if they had disclosed this ANYWHERE - on their website, the restaurant week's website, or even the actual menu when we sat down??? Maybe that would have been understandable - but this was the absolute most ridiculous thing I'd ever heard. Apparently this is also their "policy" for their tasting menu, so just a heads up for anyone planning to go there, which I will never do again.
Of all the newly opened Philly restaurants I've been to this year, I must say this was the most visually appealing. I think the owners of Sampan and Double Knot did a great job creating an alternative universe nested between two nondescript buildings on the boring side of Sansom St. between 15th and 16th - the side with the parking garage and bare walls that are often lined with dumpsters (not to worry though - there were no dumpsters near the restaurant entrance). The decor is an interesting mixture of industrial and classy; with industrial-looking light fixtures and exposed brick walls, but also antique style furniture, framed mirrors, and paintings. The main dining room feels spacious with its open floor plan and high ceiling. Walking into this space feels like walking into a bygone era. 

Though there were a few kinks with service coming from various staff members, our server was friendly and his service was very smooth. His recommendation was ~3 small plates per person. The 3 of us ended up sharing 7 items, ranging from starters to entrees. 

Among the starters and small plates, I would highly recommend the Spanish octopus. It was very well-made - flavorful and not chewy. I believe there were 3 medium-sized tentacles. The lamb meatballs, littleneck clams, and burrata were also good, though I felt the burrata was a bit too watery, and in order to go well with it, I felt the bread that came with the dish should be a bit more glutinous. 

For our entrees, we tried the diver scallops and hanger steak. Both were outstanding. The scallops were seared to perfection (great texture and flavor), while the steak was very tender and came with a very good sauce. The pricing is not bad, but I do think the portions are a bit on the smaller side for the price. The scallop dish had 3 pieces, which came with parsnip puree and light garnish, while the steak was cut into 4-5 strips and came with a few shiitake mushrooms. We ordered a side of grilled cauliflower, which was also light. 

For dessert, I highly recommend the chocolate cake. It's so moist, not too sweet (which I really like), and comes with layers of delicious chocolate mousse (or some type of cream with similar texture). Priced at $12 a slice, it's a bit steep, but considering how phenomenal it is, I do think it's worth getting. Drink-wise, they have a pretty extensive list. I tried two cocktails and felt they were too sweet, so maybe next time I'll stick with wine or beer with my meal.
Me and my friends dined here last night. We got here right as it was opening and it was already packed. We didn't have a reservation but they seated us anyway. I feel like we had the opposite experience as some other reviewers. The service was amazing. Even the bouncer was great! This Restuarant is taking a play on a speakeasy - especially the downstairs. The atmosphere is great - very quaint and cozy. I love the couches in the front of the Restuarant. We weren't lucky enough to grab seating there but we were able to have a big comfy booth. 

With regards to food and drinks, we had the roasted olives, cheese plate, and pasta. All were absolutely delicious! The drinks were amazing too. My favorite was this spicy drink that had a rosemary sprig lit on fire which added a great smoky taste! 

Overall - definitely coming back, excited to try other drinks and food!
OMGOSH! This place was so nice; service was great, food was amazing, atmosphere was perfect for date night or a small group dinner. We had birthday reservations for sat night at 9:15pm and actually arrived early and were lucky enough to get a table early. They have bowling down stairs but is 1st come 1st serve, but there was a private birthday going on so we didn't get to do that. 

5 of us ordered different beers all around, I myself got the "Sly fox" which was dark ale but less than 4%, I would recommend this if you don't like dark beers because their too strong; it had a nice lite coffee flavor. 
Our waitress was very informative, she let us know that everything is ordered all at the same time and brought out as it is done.  
Ok on to the food!!!! I 100% recommend everything we ordered. Salads/cold: the beet salad, cheese plate and warm artichoke salad.  I think I could've not shared the beet salad, it was so delicious. Pizza: margherita & spicy soppressata; I have been thinking about that spicy sopressata since we left!!! It topped with shishito peppers and drizzled with honey: perfect salty sweet & slightly spicy. We ordered the bucatini pasts which has big pieces of Dungeness crab, it's a bit tangy but pasta was done right! Hanger steak and roasted Cornish hen were so good! The polenta that comes with the hen was creamy buttery and perfectly seasoned. For our veggie dishes we chose charred broccoli rabe which was a bit bitter for me and asparagus(not pictured) which was cooked perfect and the mustard vinaigrette was delicious. We did not opt for dessert but for my fiancés birthday the brought out a sparkler in some sort of cake with lemon crème. Such a nice touch and perfect ending. 

Overall I wish I could give this place a 6th star. If you don't have any food allergies the server will suggest the chef's tasting menu which is ~45/person. Our waitress also told us about weekend BRUNCH!!!  I believe she said was $28/person and BUFFETT style! I will definitely consider this when we come back. Great job everyone at H&C, I can't wait to return.
When I was in Philly, and dinnertime was near and I had no plans, or time to trudge to target; I was surrounded by so many restaurants, and many great choices I could easily walk to. One of my favorites was Harp & Crown- Hopefully one day I'll move back to Philly and Ill be able to update this review to (one of my favorite is Harp & Crown).

Why go to Harp & Crown? Obvious reasons: 
- It's Michael Schulson's (Duh!)
- Gorgeous interior.
- Underground bowling alley. (Yes, exactly!)
- Accommodate big parties.
- Delicious food: Try the pizza with unusual ingredients (Smoked octopus. Anyone?) Also, try the Skirt Steak and the roasted olives- you'll love them.

Five Yelps
Good food and fun bar. There's another bar and a bowling alley downstairs which I've heard is not too expensive to rent. I sat at the table downstairs once with around 12 friends and servers were very attentive without bugging us. Great happy hour specials too!
Michael Schulson's latest eatery is actually difficult to describe.  With a name like Harp and Crown it sure sounds like a pub.  But it has much more of an upscale restaurant atmosphere than a casual pub drinking and eating spot.  Whatever it def looks great.  And for Restaurant Week, Harp and Crown also came through with a very nice meal.  I stopped in for a late lunch and was rewarded by lamb meatballs for starters that were truly awesome in flavor.  Unless you're a vegetarian, don't miss these.  The duck sausage fettuccine main course was less successful but perked up with the addition of hot pepper.  A pineapple upside-down cake with a scoop of gourmet ice cream (I think they said - rosemary cherry brandy ice cream) completed the meal.  I learned that this desert is called pineapple upside-down cake because they cook it with the pineapples on the bottom and then flip it when it is finished.  The service was friendly and excellent throughout the lunch.  I'm sure Harp and Crown would be a good eating choice anytime although of course a little bit pricier outside of Restaurant Week and if one doesn't expect a casual (and inexpensive) English pub atmosphere.
I wanted to be in love with this place. Drinks food atmosphere is amazing. 

But when you have a 8:30 reservation that you are on time for and are seated after 10 it was hard to enjoy. 

We entertained ourselves by grabbing drinks at the bar but the wait was too long. It was quit a shock to not receive a free drink or app after the long wait.
With so many restaurants in the area, it is hard to choose where would be the best place to grab a bite to eat. My husband and I ended up coming to Harp & Crown on a Friday, around 6:30 pm to catch the tail end of their happy hour (4-7 pm daily with rotating menu). Please note that happy hour is only available at the bar upstairs and the bar and lounge downstairs. It was rather crowded at the bar upstairs so my husband and I decided to check the lounge downstairs, which has a speak easy vibe. We were lucky to get a table and ended up ordering the following off the happy hour menu:

Happy Hour Prime Rib Croquettes, $3 prior to tax- only comes with 3 in an order, the prime rib was good, just wished I had more. 

Happy Hour Cheesesteak Empanada, $3 prior to tax- Comes with 2 pieces, loved the meat and cheese filling inside. Definitely did taste like a cheesesteak. 

Happy Hour Arancini, $4 prior to tax- Served 4 rice balls and fried onions. I would pass on this dish, as the rice balls (aranchini) were bland and could do without. 

Happy Hour Lamb Meatballs, $5 prior to tax- Comes with 2 meatballs in a tasty sauce and 2 pieces of tasted bread. Love the meaty flavor of the lamb and would order this one again. 

Happy Hour Mac And Cheese, $5 prior to tax- This was a pretty good portion for the price but thought it was just average and would do without. 

Happy Hour Cheeseburger, $5 prior to tax- A good price for this size burger. Filling and the patty was cooked perfectly and well seasoned.

Happy Hour Chicken Sandwich, $5 prior to tax- Another good purchase and great size for the price. Tasty fried chicken but does have a bit of a kick to it, so if you don't handle spicy well, they possibly opt out of it.

Honey Do, $5 prior to tax- This cocktail reminded me of the melon, with a nice sweetness. 

Happy Hour Beer, $4 prior to tax
----------------------------
(Total= $42.30 after tax, prior to tip)

Our server, Cory was great at taking good care of us. He was attentive, refilled our water glasses. I liked that he always checked up on us and made sure to let us know when it was last call (7 pm) in case we wanted to order more food or drinks. 

When we sat down at a small table, Cory cleaned our table with a disinfectant wipe. I really thought we would get ignored, but Cory was great. 

What makes this lounge unique is that there is a 2 lane bowling alley down here. It cost $100 for up to 8 people per lane. You can reserve the space here and have 2 dedicated servers to help take orders and attend to your group. If you don't make a reservation, then it is a first come/ first serve situation. 

Harp & Crown is definitely a great place to grab some drinks and some food off the happy hour menu (the restaurant itself is rather expensive so happy hour would be a great affordable option). Would come back if I lived around here.
$28 all you can eat brunch w shrimp, amazing lox, a carving station, an omelette station AND fried chicken? Say no more! The lox is incredibly smoky, and the shrimp are huge. So many nice selections of baked goods, cheese and meat. Their menu items rotate like the kind of quiche and salads offered, but their staples stay the same.


This place is very large, and it's full for brunch, but they did a great job with the acoustics because you can barely hear the people next to you. This would be a great place to have a large event like a shower of some kind. This is the kind of brunch spot you want to bring your parents to or an out of town friend. If you're like me, you'll probably eat so much you won't eat dinner until like 9 pm. So good. If you're considering coming here, just do it; you won't regret it.
Harp & Crown is a cute restaurant downtown Philly.  It's located right in the heart of Center City. The food is good, however the portions are very small. I would recommend this restaurant if you're in Center City and looking for a swanky restaurant with small plates. Parking is a challenge in this area, I ended up parking in the parking garage at the corner for $37 for two hours. But if you're up to it, you could ride around and maybe eventually find street parking.
How do I say this? I write this review with disappointment, slight anger, and overall confusion. Customer beware, this restaurant has strange policies, rude service, and random charges. 

I've been here before and was delighted by the food; the flavors were great, the dishes imaginative, etc. The service, I felt, was a little off but me and my friend nonetheless left very happily.

I came here a couple of days ago with my father and my boyfriend. Admittedly, my father wasn't too hungry but was happy to buy me and my boyfriend a somewhat-fancy dinner. We chose the tasting menu for the two of us, and my father got a pizza.

Of course, we asked first if it was alright if the two of us got the tasting menu, and my father got the pizza. The waitress, word for word, said "Oh yeah, I don't care." So that was that; we were ready to fork over the extra $45 if it was going to be an issue. When she swung by with the first course, she said "Just make sure my manager doesn't see you eat until the pizza." Weird, but... ok? 

The dishes came on, and for the most part, it was great! My father admittedly picked a little bit - just to taste. He really was not all that hungry, and we figured since he was taking off my portion, there was no harm done. After all, they say the portions are cut out to the party, so no harm, right?

On came the pizza, and my father and I swapped a couple of slices. 

On to the bill. She came over, surreptitiously placed it face-down, and left. When we flipped it over, we saw there was a random 6$ "Extra Charge" added to the bill. We asked, and she said, "Oh yeah, well you guys were picking off like with the pizza, and it isn't going to be fair to others, and I don't want my manager to get me in trouble." 

My father was like "not fair to who?" and the waitress blubbered about something. We were a bit in shock - what a strange policy! The waitress blindsided us, and it felt like we were getting pandered to. It was like "oh, you were caught, so now you're randomly getting punished." Like we said - there's no delta for Harp&Crown, so this punishment is completely arbitrary, and on the account of the waitress "catching us." Is this middle school? 

We didn't want to make a scene, and obviously just paid and tipped. It took us a few hours to realize what happened, and we all just agree - good food, but what the hell just happened? Who just slaps on a random $6 charge (again, the amount doesn't matter, but the principal is just... wrong). 

I came to show off one of my favorite restaurants, and ended up just being disappointed by the quality of the waiters. I hope this becomes a more written-out policy, and I feel like it was quite underhanded to just randomly throw on a fee - where does it end?
So close to 5 stars, if it weren't for a hiccup at the beginning. This is the kind of restaurant that I could see myself returning to again and again. 

Beautiful decor and atmosphere: check. Open-air garden area in the front, high-ceiling dining room in the back, all decorated with chandeliers and dark wood paneling. The interior decorator for Harp and Crown deserves serious props. There's even a bowling area, for crying out loud. 

Delicious, affordable food: check. My cousin and I went a little bit crazy with ordering: we got two appetizers, a pasta, a side dish, and dessert, all for under $65. Sure, the lack of drinks helped with keeping the total down, but the same dinner in Manhattan would definitely hurt. Everything on the menu sounded amazing. The stand-outs of the night were the sugar snap peas (I'm a sugar freak so the burnt honey and dried apricot was spot-on but my cousin thought this was too sweet) and the sausage rigatoni. I love pasta but because of the way it leaves me feeling even if I eat a normal amount, I don't have it all that often. Get the rigatoni with the shisoto peppers here! The pasta was the perfect level of al dente, something that I can never master myself. 

The charcuterie board can be skipped. The cured meats were very good but you can find better elsewhere. 

BUT you cannot miss the chocolate cake. If you think $12 is an overly exorbitant price to pay for a slice of cake, just know that THIS cake, with the burnt bits of marshmallow, is completely worth it. I was beyond stuffed at that point and still managed one or two bites. 

A word on the service: our waitress was helpful and unbelievably friendly. She more than made up for the three lifeless front-desk hostesses. We were late to our reservation and the lead hostess couldn't find my name, prompting the other two women to ask robotically (like the seagulls in Finding Dory), "Your name? Your name?" When we asked if we could sit in the garden area because it was so beautiful, no one cracked a smile. One actively grimaced. The hostess who led us to our table and plopped down a few menus looked downright unfriendly. We sat down with more than a little trepidation at this chilly welcome but thankfully, the rest of our dinner turned out swell. 

Would love to come back the next time I'm in Philly!
I have been to Harp & Crown on a few occassions and each one has been better than the last. My dinners have been phenomenal, with very attentive servers and insanely delicious cocktails and food. Some of my meal highlights include the Ricotta and Fig toast, The Spicy Soppressata Pizza, Mac & Cheese, and Dry Aged Beef Burger. 

On my most recent visit, I tried their happy hour for the first time. I am a huge fan of all Schulson Restaurant Happy Hours because the deals are truly unmatched. Around 5:30, a group of 6 of us were able to find seats at the bar downstairs. We were promptly greeted by the bartender, Jose. He was working the very full bar, by himself, and was so impressively on it. There was not a time where someone seated at the bar had an empty drink because he was checking-in frequently to ensure we all had what we needed. 

Jose even made us a custom cocktail creation of his own, his take on a daquiri with the most delicious pineapple foam! He is truly talented and his service is unmatched.

To eat, our group had the Spicy Chicken Sandwich, The Tuna Carpaccio, The Mac & Cheese, and an order of fries. To drink, we did the Happy Hour Cocktail which was a Raspberry Tom Collins drink. The food was serviced quickly, and it was delicious! The cocktails were very consistent and refreshing.

Next time you're looking for a good Happy Hour spot, check out Harp & Crown and make sure that Jose is your bartender!!!
I came here for a group outing and it was really fun and fancy. WUT. I know... Philly can get down.

Loves:
+ Two bowling lanes in the back
+ Lil speakeasy vibe in the back
+ Good food and great drinks (meridian peak serving us tequila love)
+ Main floor is also very cute
+ Located in main city center

Overall, a good vibe and great company!
A delight to the eyes and palate!

To begin, this place is deep into Rittenhouse so parking is scarce. I ended up parking past Lombard and walking the blocks just to avoid having to circle around. I would say to plan ahead for street parking if you have a reservation or bite the bullet and pay for a lot/garage nearby. 

This place transports you to a different time. It has a 1920s feel, and aspects of a speakeasy (including a hidden bowling alley!) There are throwback elements of yesteryear with black and white TVs at the bar, white Parisian floors at the entrance, heavy curtains separating the space into different areas, all under smooth jazz and low lighting. 

We had come around 5:30pm for Happy Hour (4-7pm on weeknights) and I was happy to find the place wasn't too busy yet. We sat downstairs - Elbow Lane, where to our surprise was a small bowling alley! How fun and completely unexpected! They serve HH in the downstairs dining space and not just at the bar which, again, was much to our pleasure. 

Their happy hour menu is limited, but still had decent choices to choose from (3 different drink selections, and about 6 food items.) 

We started by ordering our drinks from the regular menu. I got the Meridian Peak made with tequila and a helping of chili swirled in - so good! 

I ordered the House ricotta as a starter and the pizza Rosa for my meal from the happy hour menu. The food was good and made well, though not all that original. 

Our service was great, the waiter knew the menu well and was great in helping to decide on our cocktails! 

I would definitely come back for another experience and some bowling. There's a ton of seating both upstairs and downstairs so it could work for a date night or a large group.
This is a cool place and I plan to come back. I was with a party of 4 and we easily dropped $200. We had a couple of their cocktails, which I enjoyed a lot.  The cocktails range in between 10-13 dollars. I felt like the menu was relatively selective, but all our food turned out really well other than the funnel cake dessert. My favorite item was the hanger steak. Delicious sauce and the mushrooms that accompanied the steak were on point!

Our server seemed to be constantly confused and had trouble explaining the menu and couldn't provide us suggestions. He also forgot our drink and food order a couple times so we had to remind him quite often. 

The place was packed so I would suggest getting reservations!
I'm very conflicted with Harp & Crown, 4 or 5 stars. It really deserves 4.5. 

I came here twice, and my first visit I was not as impressed, so 3.5 or 4 stars. However, my most recent visit was much better, and makes me much happier! Both visits, the service was fantastic, and the atmosphere is amazing. Just loud. The difference between my visits was my choices of food, and drinks, for the prices. 

5-stars: 
- Scallops. This dish blew me away both visits. Some of the best scallops I've ever eaten. WOW chef, bravo, and that sauce on top, amazing! Its more expensive than the other dishes, I think around $19, but its so delicious that its worth every dollar. 
- Butternut Squash Toast - amazing! Decent size, they cut into 3-4 slices.
- Fig Toast - also amazing, but the squash toast was my favorite, which is rare because I'm a huge fig lover.
- Hamachi - WOW, this was impressive, with grapefruit and the sauce was so good.
- Lamb meatballs, everyone's favorite. These were better on my 2nd visit.
- Truffle pizza. I love pizza with egg on it!
- Fried cauliflower was amazing. Perfect lightly breaded, was so soft and fluffy, and the dipping sauce is amazing.

4-stars:
- Spaghetti - Yes! This was surprisingly delicious, a white clam sauce with garlic. Even had some hot red pepper flakes for a kick. Yumm.
- Charred Broccoli
- Brussels sprouts
- Chocolate Cake was massive, and nice and rich. Can't compare it to other desserts though. 

3.5 stars:
- Ricotta Gnocchi. Sounds delicious, but both times was slightly disappointed. It was perfect texture, but needed some more rich flavor in the sauce. If you want pasta, order the spaghetti. 
- Cheese plate. The cheeses were good, but I've had better, and there wasn't a lot of garnishes. Maybe add some honey, fig jam, nuts, mustard, apple slices? We only got grapes.  

DRINKS: 
Ruby slippers and Crown Jewel were very good, but tiny. For the high prices, I find the Charred Stone to be my favorite bang for your buck. Its in a larger glass (with ice).

Its easy to run up a massive tab here. Be careful. Most of the portions are small, so you order several things which adds up quick. The Pizza and Pastas are the best portion sizes for the money.
Unfortunately my wife and I did not have a great experience.  The food was mediocre and over priced.  We had reservations and they sat us in the garden area next to the line of people that wanted to go down to the bowling alley.  They don't let anyone down to the bowling alley and  the place itself had a door man out front that would only let you in if you had reservations.  I would go here for drinks and that's it.  Great ambiance around the bar area, but overall this place was disappointing.
This review is for the happy hour bar menu and drinks.
F and I arrived before the crowds descended, so it was a really nice quiet, cozy experience.
Even though the space is pretty cavernous, it gives off a warm and comfortable vibe.
We sat at the bar and were greeted promptly. I tried one of the cocktails on offer for Happy Hour, which was freshly made and good. F wanted a beer but alas no stouts or porters. So a G &T was his choice.
We tried a couple of items off the HH food menu and everything was yummy and a good deal. 
Service is friendly and attentive.
We will be back to explore more of the food...
When asked where I wanted to host my goodbye happy hour from my current job, Harp & Crown was the first option that came to mind. It's also been the sight of several other coworkers' goodbye happy hours. Looking back at my prior review I was surprised it was so negative, although it's true that I haven't been back for dinner, only happy hour and brunch.

Their brunch buffet is really great, so many options and a decent price point! Quiches, bagels, pastries, charcuterie, things in cute tiny jars. I went back for seconds. You can also add on bottomless mimosas. 

Happy hour has some great food specials that are very reasonably priced. The happy hour drink specials are more limited and their specialty HH cocktail is sometimes super dull (screwdriver?) And there's usually a red and a white on special.  But hey a deal is a deal! I also like that happy hour is available at the loungey chairs, the bar, and the basement bar.

It's a great event space for rent too- especially the bowling alley in the basement!
Went with a group of 9 guys. We had a fabulous time catching up and trying to plan our High School's 25th Reunion.  The ambience was fantastic as we sat at a table of 12 and were able to move around and catch up. 

The beers were reasonably priced and they had a great assortment to select from. We ordered 5 pizzas for the table and 3 orders of wing and 2 orders of cheesesteak egg rolls.  The waiters were attentive and always bringing us whatever we needed.  The food was delicious!  I would definitely recommend this spot to all to try out.  A perfect date spot IMO.
Warning: long review incoming! 

My boyfriend and I celebrated our 4 year anniversary here last weekend. 

I made a reservation through Open Table for 5 pm and had no issues. There is indoor and outdoor seating. 

We were seated in the front seating area which was super lit and close to the door. I was hoping to be seated inside where it was a bit darker, but I still loved the aesthetic of the front! 

Our waitress's name was Simone (I THINK. She had a mask and a face shield so we had a lot of trouble communicating. I did ask for her name though because I wanted to give her a shoutout).

We ordered everything off of the happy hour menu including one of each drink (beer, cocktail, and wine).

Our food was brought out to use periodically. It was nice not having it all at once! Our drinks came out right away all together. We had a bit of an issue because our waitress informed us that she couldn't serve us more than one drink at a time, but she accidentally did! She was super nice about it and apologized. 

I'll dive into the food now. Keep in mind, everything we ordered (besides Ruby Slippers) was HH menu, so it was all $5! 

Lamb meatballs- I really wanted to like these but they just were not our style! We ended up only taking a bite and then pushing them aside. Our waitress told us she would take them off of our tab- which we didn't ask for nor did we expect! We loved the hospitality and just explained that it was a taste preference!

Spicy chicken sandwich- YUM! Perfectly crispy and spicy and loved the pickles!

Whipped ricotta- YUM again! I wasn't sure if my boyfriend would like this but he ate more than I did!!

Salmon poke- This is not my boyfriends cup of tea so this went straight to me and I ate it up so fast! Amazing flavor!!

Mac and cheese- Probably my favorite of the HH menu. At this point, the drinks had hit me, so I absolutely scarfed this down!

Spicy chicken wings- So delicious and great flavor! I love how this place feels fancy but has that "American" kick. It was funny to me that I was all dressed up eating wings with my hands! 

HH pizza- Like I said, I couldn't really hear our waitress so I have no idea what is on this! But YUM!! The crust was super thin which is not really my preference, but I still enjoyed it! 

Cheeseburger- Just a classic cheeseburger. Very good!

Cookie skillet- This dessert had my heart. It came out with the cutest little sparklers! It was beautiful and DELICIOUS! So much chocolate!

HH wine- We couldn't hear her explain the selections or descriptions of any of the drinks but we just went with them! We got the glass of red and it was good!

HH cocktail- I personally wasn't a fan of this. It really had no flavor. Definitely strong! But, I tasted more alcohol and barely any pineapple (pretty sure that was the flavor). 

HH beer- This was our favorite drink!! We normally aren't beer people but whatever this was (orange flavored I believe) was so good! My boyfriend actually got a second before HH ended!

Ruby slippers- We ended the night with one last drink. This is not on the happy hour menu (Only between $11$-13 I believe). It was super delicious and looked so cute! 

I cannot thank Simone (I really hope that's her name) enough for being one of the best waitresses! She made sure constantly we were good and was always clearing our table! We shared many laughs over the issues we had and our love for cookie skillets!

Overall, I'm so glad we picked here for our celebration! Everything was delicious, the place was beautiful, and the staff was amazing. 

(I seriously cannot emphasize how great my night was!)
I could HARP on this restaurant all day; I might as well CROWN it one of the best meals I've had since moving here.

Sorry NOT SORRY for the horrible use of puns. 

I'm also sorry if you've never experienced Harp & Crown, because it is a true gem. I've stopped into Harp & Crown for cocktails in the past, but nothing more. As my favorite time of the year, Philadelphia Restaurant Week, approached, I did lots of research to find the best bang for my buck. Harp & Crown was one of the top choices, as their tasting menu offered SEVEN dishes for $35. SEVEN.

After narrowing down my lists and looking at reservation availability, I was able to score a prime 6:30pm reservation on the first Monday of restaurant week. As D-Day dawned, I starved myself in preparation for the glorious meal, and I'm so glad I did. I arrived about 15 minutes prior to my reservation and grabbed a bar seat. Uhm - HELLO! This place offers a banging happy hour at their bar until 7. $4 cocktail, wine, and beer. My friend and I ordered our FOUR DOLLAR mojitos, and we were not disappointed. While the bartender didn't laugh at my horrible jokes, he did make one of the best mojitos I've ever had. 

Their tasting menu for restaurant week offered seven categories of options and several choices for each: Salad, Hot, Cold, Vegetable, Pizza, Meat, and Pasta. Our table of three had to agree on which dish from each category we'd order, and with the help of our amazing server we ordered:
Watermelon Salad, Spanish Octopus, Burrata, Breaded Cauliflower, Peach and Blue Cheese Pizza, Grilled Hangar Steak, and Buccatini with Crab.

TO DIE FOR. All of it was amazing. The dishes came out in waves, which was ideal. We were never overwhelmed with food (thought it was a lot!) The breaded cauliflower was incredible. It was an entire head, breaded and complimented by a creamy, tangy sauce. The three of us could barely eat half. The peach and blue cheese pizza topped with pancetta was a temporary special, so we decided it was intriguing enough to try -- I'm so glad we did! It was definitely one of the more memorable dishes of the night. Can never go wrong with pizza.

While everything was good, I would not order the Buccatini again. It was kind of sloppy plating compared to the rest of our dishes, and just overall lacked the flavor I was hoping for. The pasta and lump crab was tossed in a light tomato based sauce, and I prefer with crab with a cream sauce typically. It was okay, just not exciting. 

Overall - huge success. This place is an absolute MUST for a date and/or girls night. It's dim, sexy, fun, and delicious. The menu is unique, the atmosphere is extremely charming, the staff is wonderful, and for restaurant week at least, it's a must see. The value is incredible.
Talk about a cool place to have a great meal either alone or with a group of friends. I highly recommend a prior reservation for dinner, even during the week days. We were seated immediately by a very nice hostess. She sat us at Brandon G's table and we were very happy because he is wonderful! (I would request him on my next visit). He explained the menu and specials for the day. Great descriptions! He also explained how their kitchen works. Food comes out as prepared. Food may come in stages or at the same time, depending on what's ordered. He suggested that we do more sharing than personal ordering. We followed his lead and had great food and a fun time. There were 3 in our party and I suggest getting 2 appetizers, 1 side dish and a main course. We ordered the whitefish toast, grilled octopus, whole head of cauliflower, and the fish specials. 3 of the 4 were awesome. The whitefish was jewish deli perfect. It was beautifully presented with baby greens on top. Good for 3 people to share. Next was the Octopus with fingerling potatoes. We were less than impressed and do not recommend this unless you are a sea creature who must have octopus. It was one small leg and not enough to share. The flavor was lacking a little and it could have used some seasoning. Forget that one and let me keep dreaming about the Whole head Cauliflower. For those who don't understand cauliflower, try it here! The seasoned breadcrumbs on top were delicious as well as the yogurt dressing it was sitting on. We attacked it like a bunch of ravenous vegetarian coyotes. Then came the main dish. It was a grilled, deboned fish in the snapper family so the white meat was so flavorful. It was served with head and tail but I would guess that if that's not your thing, it could be served sans head and tail. Skin was still on and we did find a few bones but the flavor far outweighed the presentation. It was served with a cold Thai noodle salad with had the perfect vinegar compliment. We were too stuffed for dessert but the menu looked good. 
Inside, it very much feels like you are in a garden. Lots of hanging plants and rustic decorated tables. Parking is good as there is a garage and parallel parking on the street.
Came here for the first time for happy hour which is from 5-7pm.

It's super easy to miss from the street but you walk through the curtains and see a beautifully decorated restaurant. I mean really, the place is open and has a really large bar area. 

Came around 6 and the place was filled already. Eventually we squeezed a couple of seats out. 

They have a daily cocktail, wine, and beer and an extensive food special (why we're here amirite). For food, we got the daily pizza (sausage, spinach, and ricotta), whipped ricotta with bread, lamb meatballs, and Mac and cheese. Pretty much everything was great, but the lamb meatballs definitely stood out. They were phenomenal, get them and you won't regret it!

Overall, service was quick, great food and drinks, and lovely atmosphere.
A friend suggested we stop by for Happy Hour to give it a once over before we make reservations for dinner.  I love the decor when you walk-in - it had an "old-world touch with a sense of luxury.  The wrap around bar is nice and offers plenty of seating.  I heard about the lamb meatballs and asked the bartender about them - she highly recommended - so we had that along with winter squash crostini and lamb sausage.  The lamb meatballs were flavorful the sausage was seasoned perfectly and the crostini with the goat cheese was yummy.  Our drinks were an:  Affair to Forget; Sideways Car and later some Malbec wine - all were delicious!!   

The service was friendly and prompt.  We felt Harp and Crown passed the preliminary test - will definitely pop back in to have dinner and maybe reserve a bowling lane downstairs.
I think this place is cool and would be for a date or a large. I experience in April for a late Friday night dinner reservation. 

We were seated right next to the open door, in front of a makeshift bus station of napkins in the lobby of the restaurant that was converted to a dining area. Kind of a bummer looking into the beautiful bar and dining room area. 

We were ambitious and interested in the chefs tasting menu which was nice to try different foods (and be surprised :). Highlights were the fig toast and the little rice cracker. The entree and larger dishes were not special :(. Our waitress was hard to hear over the music, her two masks, and face shield so I'm glad that's now gone. 

The night at our table by the door ended when an off putting man walked in and asked for money repeatedly. I really wanted to like it here but things kept getting disappointing as the night went on.
RESTAURANT WEEK REVIEW ONLY:

Out of all of Schulson's restaurants this has to be my least favorite and that's solely based on my first experience ever during restaurant week.

Purely recommend don't come here more than 2 people for restaurant week or you won't get your bang for your buck. 

I came here with 4 people (myself included) to do the restaurant week menu and we all had to come to an agreement on every category (cold, hot, pasta etc.) which to me didn't make sense since if you come with 2 people, you would get 1 pizza, 1 pasta so why not with 4 people would you get 2 pizzas and 2 different pastas.

I don't know what mood our waitress was in but she had the BIGGEST attitude. I asked her what's the difference between the portions of 3 people and 2 people and she said "nothing". So you're telling me I'm better off coming here with less friends than more. 
She had such a terrible attitude and and left such a bad impression of Harp and Crown on me.

We got 2 dishes of cold, 2 dishes of vegetable, 2 dishes of pasta, 2 dishes of entree and 1 pizza. ALL THE SAME. I don't understand why we couldn't pick 2 different pastas and 2 different entrees so we can have a nice sampling of all Harp and Crown has to offer. 

Hamachi - very fishy and too acidic. this needed to be more mellowed down 

Lamb Meatballs - I was a fan of these, but just note you'll get 1 meatball

Brussell Sprouts - a little salty but love the char and the other flavors in the dish

Steak - cooked very well and I was pleasantly surprised by the lime butter

Gnocchi - overcooked and sauce was bland

Chocolate cake - a little dry, some creamy textures would have helped the bite.

All in all, I truly believe Restaurant Week is a good chance for restaurants to show future patrons of what they could be experiencing and from my experience last night I don't know that I want to encounter such a sassy waitress again.
Excited to report that this actually lives up to the hype! Unfortunately, we did not get to go downstairs to check out the bowling because it was reserved, but I'm hoping it's good. We came during restaurant week with a pretty big group, and since there were no tables available until 9pm we just hung out at the bar and ordered lots of food and drinks (which I am sure was annoying but ah well). First of all, the food is ridiculously good. Some of our favorites were definitely the pizza (super light, fresh and sweet), the melty scallops, the pesto toast, the delicious trout and finally the most delectable, light and savory gnocchis. All of the food was so good! There is also a pretty big drink menu with lots of fancy options. Plus the decor is one of a kind and super old timey with lots of antiques, but a very cool modern vibe.

Overall I need to go back because 1) I did not get to bowl 2) I did not try the dessert 3) I did not get to sit at a table 4) I need to eat everything I mentioned above again
PSA: The "package" deal they used to have (4 drinks with brunch) is GONE. As of last Saturday, 5/5/18, they were not offering it, much to our dismay. Wish we had know that going in.

We made a reservation for 1030 am, and it was a mess. People milling around, staff seemed confused? (Is brunch new for them?)  Service left a LOT to be desired - it was at least 15 minutes until somebody came to give us water, and I had to flag a person down. All three of us had already gone and done a full round at the buffet in shifts. We were there to BRUNCH, with drinks included! Once we got our waiter to the table (~20 minutes in), he was very nice, but it was clear they were uber disorganized.

We made a reservation ahead of time, but I doubt it's necessary. There were tons of empty tables up until about 1230 when we left on a Saturday. We sat in the garden/atrium all the way at the front.. you really miss out on the ambiance sitting up there, but it was a quieter and I was with friends I haven't seen in a while, so it worked out well as far as catching up. I recommend requesting the inside for a livelier feel, if that's your thing.

The drinks are exquisite. I had the drink calle dsomething "bloom", which was served beautifully with a single flower floating on the top. It was potent, made to perfection, and when it finally got to me, I was super happy. All of the cocktails my friends and I sampled were BOMB.

That said, the food was AMAZING. Buffets can easily be underwhelming, where quantity takes precedence over quality, but that was not the case here. The prime rib was AWESOME, there's an omelette station, plenty of well-made treats (try the key lime bites, so good!). The cheese were on point and there was a good variety, and old favorites - e.g. bagel/cream cheese/yogurt/granola/donuts - are also on hand. The quiche, which is also a tough thing to do well, was divine - a spinach/mushroom/cheese variety. The food is what saved this experience for me, because I didn't enjoy a lot of the rest of it.

Lots of plusses, lots of minuses... 3 star as a compromise. It's too expensive of a place to come for it to be so disorganized/impossible to get a drink for 30+ minutes.
I found this very randomly on a google search and I have never been so happy to find anything in my life. From the moment we walked in I knew I was going to love it! The place is PERFECT for a relaxing Sunday brunch. The decor was amazing and every little detail has been thought over. The brunch was AMAZING. I still keep thinking about it days later! Don't think twice, just go! Do the bottomless brunch and the unlimited drink package (up to 4 drinks). I can't wait to go back!!
The Elbow Lane of Mount Airy is a charming forested upper class neighborhood, the Elbow Lane of Center City Philadelphia is a little harder to find. With no reservation last night, we walked into Harp & Crown, a nondescript doorway in the first dining area took us down a candle-lit stairway and a long dark winding hallway passing mysterious doors, hanging mirrors and a few kitchens to Elbow Lane.. a dark bar that shares a room with 2 bowling lanes, where we found two cozy couches. 
Happy to improve the previous rating I gave Harp & Crown since they first opened. 
We were four last night looking for a bite to eat and some fancy cocktails. Our friend loved the thin crust lamb pizza, the scallops were kindly complements of the house due to arriving late because they were delivered to the wrong table and had to be remade, and the chocolate cake was beautiful and delicious, garnished with lightly torched soft baby meringues. Yum!!!!! 
We loved the two bowling lanes in Elbow Lane, and will plan a party night there next!
You can't beat Harp & Crowns happy hour 10/10!! The outdoor dinning set up during COVID is gorgeous and spacious with heat vented in.  All of the food is $5 and house wine or daily special cocktail is $5-6.  Especially during COVID, places still serving HH are hard to come by.  We got 2 daily special pizzas and the salmon poke.  The pizza was great, good crust and tasty.  The house pinot grigio and pinot noir were both good not great but for $5 its worth it.  The whiskey sour daily cocktail was a little sugary but you could taste the alcohol.  All in all great place and will definitely be back for indoor dinning!
Exclusive happy hour review. This is hands down my favorite HH in the city. They have extensive seating inside and out which is huge in the COVID times. I've made at least a half dozen trips here over the past six months. All the HH food is $5. Flatbread for 2. $5. Four deliciously spicy/sweet/crispy wings. $5. Salmon poke bowl with a fine balance of raw salmon, crisp nuts, and nori. $5. Fresh whipped ricotta and bread or Mac & Cheese (for the vegetarians). $5. The true champion of the happy hour is the fried chicken sandwich. Go for it. It's only $5. Finish it off with some $5 house wine. You will seriously get your fix here and not break the bank.
After dodging oncoming vehicles near the construction outside and swimming through the fabric hanging near the entrance, I made my way into H&C. 

The decor and ambiance of this place is really special. It's dimly lit (like a lot of other places). The bar is wrap around with interesting light fixtures and cozy couches and arm chairs are present near the entrance. 

We dug ourselves into one of the couches. My main goal of going to this place at 6pm was for happy hour but we did not receive any happy hour menu or mention of happy hour so I wasn't sure it existed here. I've heard from friends that the happy hour here is great so I'm not sure what happened, but if there was happy hour and we weren't notified, that's kinda messed up actually. 

Anyways, 2 of the drinks particularly appealed to me. One of them was vodka with elderflower liqueur, strawberries, and sparkling wine or champagne. I did see tequila with chilies and blood orange soda which I could not pass up. It came in a tall glass, enticing color, and contained a tree branch. It tasted absolutely spectacular, the chilies added a nice zing. It took every drop of self control for me to not finish the damn thing in 2 swigs but I somehow managed to stretch it out to a good 5-10 minutes. 

The appetizer options were limited, imo. There are the classic charcuterie and cheese plates. There's like also some dinner options like pizzas and pastas and shit. I'm down to try the dinner here and/or brunch.

UPDATE: tried dinner here last evening. 
Cheese plate: underwhelming, only 3 kinds of cheeses and 2/3 of them were hardish with some variety lacking. The rustic bread slices given were delicious, as was the granola type side and some pickled green beans. Cheese plate here is pass-able.

Brussels sprouts: fucking amazing. The sprouts are in what I would describe as a balsamic vinegaresque sauce and seasoned with herbs and these amazing chili slices with almond slivers on top. Absolutely delicious. Must get this shit.

Chestnut gnocchi: the kale pesto isn't so much a pesto as some kale leaves and oil but holy shit this was amazing as well. The gnocchi were chunky little potato-dough balls wrapped with kale and ricotta (we asked for ours without mushrooms I'm pretty sure but for all I know I could've sucked down a couple mushrooms with it and not have noticed after a few drinks). This is a must.

Last but not least, we also went with the spinach pizza. That crust was AMAZING. Like perfectly soft and crispy on the edges. Spinach was of the perfect consistency after being in the oven. The garlic, as always, added a wonderful flavor along with the ricotta. Absolutely spec-fucking-tacular. Sometimes spinach pizza repulses me but this was divine.
Was in recently on a Saturday night and had a wonderful experience! My date and I sat downstairs in the Speakeasy Lounge. The decor is incredibly accurate for what's been depicted of that time. Great ambiance both upstairs and downstairs. 

We had the Chicken dumplings and Dry Aged Beef Burger - both were executed perfectly! The dumplings were tender and flavorful with a little kick from the jalapeños. The broth the dumplings were in was tasty and light. The burger was large and the side of fries was overflowing. The burger was fresh and juicy - loved the onion jam. 

Normally, I wouldn't get a dessert, but I was persuaded to and glad I did. I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but the ooey gooey skillet cookie was just sweet enough and had the perfect texture. The milk ice cream was fantastic and tasted like actual milk, not vanilla. 

I will return and definitely recommend Harp & Crown. Can't wait to check out brunch soon!
It is with such a heavy heart, especially as restaurants open up amidst COVID that my first foray for indoor dining was so disappointing. 

Must get: avocado salad, fig bread, scallops
Meh: tuna tartare, brussel sprouts (too salty), shrimp
Missed out: unsure

When I first visited Harp & Crown, it was during restaurant week, and the prices, especially with the portions were reasonable and coupled with the walls adorned with large paintings, made it a worthwhile visit. However, when we came here for a $50pp tasting menu, the price was definitely not justified. That being said, our waitress was very helpful and friendly the entire time.

The menu states $50pp with a selection of 8 things (one from each section), giving the diners the opportunity to 'try' one thing from each section. One would presume that would mean getting a portion that is suitable for 4 people for each tasting event, but that's where you'd be wrong. For $200, we would have had a much better, diverse, and culinarily pleasing adventure than the meager portions we received. The worst offender: 2 shrimps for 4 people...how do we split that? We received one piece of brioche w/figs...just cut in 4 pieces. I felt like we were re-living the scene from Rain Man, where portions were larger because of an extra cut into the existing portion for 1 person. Even the larger portion dishes were meant for 2, non-hungry people at max. This, coupled with $10-$15 drinks made the entire event lovely with company, terrible for the wallet.

Truth be told, I think more transparency would have been nice.

Service: 3 stars
Price: 1 star
Ambiance: 4 stars
Food: 3 stars
I'm so indifferent but overall, I'm a fan. I wouldn't recommend to everybody, but I have a long review for all age ranges and all type of foodies.

I went on restaurant week because I knew you got 7 options, you can also go during non-restaurant week and get the same menu for $45. Either way it's a steal and so much food. On the other hand, you can pay around $20 for a plate, so maybe treat yourself and try everything. 

To start, the setting is romantic and candle lit, a beautiful place to celebrate. The table was a bit small but overall I loved it. I got the ruby slippers and it was to die for, other than the cost for very small amount of liquid. Probably 4-5 shots worth! Not much liquid at all.

As for the food, we had to agree on one option per section. We decided to try mostly all new things so we could get our moneys worth. Here's our reviews on what we got and what we should have done differently.

1. Salad: The crown. YUCK. Unless you want some bitter, cabbage tasting lettuce I would not recommend. I am disappointed that I didn't stick with the romaine salad knowing a lot more options were coming. We took a bite and parted ways with the salad.
2. Cold: Burrata. I cannot express how much I love burrata. This was a great option. Fresh, flavored well and the bread was toasted to enjoy it even more. Two types of tomatoes came with and they were ripe and juicy.
3. Hot: Pork Belly. Wanted to try it because I'm not really a fish person and lamb isn't my thing. It was tasteful but not my cup of tea. My boyfriend absolutely loved it and said it was some of the best - overall, I'd recommend.
4. Pizza: Spicy Soppressata. OH MY GOD! You MUST get! I WILL TYPE IN ALL CAPS TO EXPRESS HOW DELICIOUS THIS WAS. We went before and tried the pork sausage, but this time we went with the all-time favorite. I was expecting just a normal pepperoni pizza is not my typical go-to but small peps and it was delicious and fresh. Shishito peppers to top it off to add some flavor, but once you bite into the pizza, the honey for the aftertaste is to die for. 10/10 recommend. Grab drinks at the bar and a pizza. 
5. Pasta: Mac and Cheese. Absolute fail. It was beautiful pasta, could not stop talking about it but other than that, no flavor. Super bland. I'd have to vote for the $3 butternut squash mac and cheese from trader joe's over this.
6. Meat: Grilled Steak. YUM. Perfectly cooked, can you ask for more?
7. Vegetables: Broccoli. My boyfriend doesn't like cauliflower or else I would've gotten that because it looked beautiful. It was ok, a little on the burnt side because it's grilled. Not my cup of tea. 
8. Dessert: Banana Cake. Super fresh, tasted like it just came out of the oven. Wish I got to try the blueberry whoopie pie because I love blueberries, but next time!

Hope you all enjoy. If you made it to the end, I'd love a compliment and know, because I never know if people actually ready LONG, L O N G, comments, but hey! You should know where your money is going. Overall, I recommend going.
I'll start by saying this restaurant deserves a fifth star, but the unfortunate convo with the host made me drop it to four. My partner and I get to the restaurant ahead of our reservation, we're take to a table that looks like it was just randomly placed, not a part of the rest at all. I'm sure this was the worst seat in the house add in that the sun is high and it hot with no covering, this table just wasn't going to work. No problem at all they find us a seat indoors. But, before they can even walk us over, in a VERY condescending and smug tone another woman behind the host stand says "well if we seat you indoors you won't be able to order off of our happy hour menu." My partner and I both look at one another and laugh and I look the lady in the eye and tell her that I don't need the happy hour menu. Beyond that micro aggression everything else was perfect. 

The ambiance was to die for! Kareem our sever was training someone and he did it in an excellent fashion. He was knowledgeable and personable without being intrusive. This will be one of my go to places! 
For drinks we went with the mezcal option, Pennington's Dream. For this to be a fruit forward cocktail the mezcal still owned the stage! Bravo and well done! 
As far as the food, we decided to go with chef's tasting.  We chose the Tuna Carpaccio, the grilled avocado salad, crispy Brussel sprouts, crab and avocado toast, garlic shrimp, margherita pizza,cockscomb Mac and cheese and the roasted salmon. As each course came it was of the food just got better and better!  I'm happy we decided to stop eating the pizza when we did, because this is enough food to have you full with leftovers and we probably wouldn't have been able to enjoy the rest of the meal.  Definitely give this place a go, just remember no happy hour inside.
A decent 3.5 stars. New American food can be inventive and exciting... harp and crown almost does that. We started with the chicken liver crostini... a bit salty but otherwise great. The Burrata was awesome if a bit difficult to figure out how to eat. We also had the beef tartare--which was nice because it was already on toast.. but more stuff on there than beef. We also shared a hangar steak--perfectly cooked.
Nothing was bad. Everything was just slightly over-salted... but solid. 
Now, for the rest.... yes the space was beautiful. Shulson and team never disappoint on that. 
What really threw me off was the service. The food came out haphazardly and when clearly our table was still full they still tried to bring out other plates. There was just no rhythm to the meal. 
And the server was just... over the top. The food would be dropped off on the table and she'd swing by and ask how it was. I tried to be nice and say 'It looks nice but we haven't had a chance to even taste it'... but she clearly never got the message and kept doing that FOR EVERY SINGLE PLATE. I felt rushed and awkward instead of being able to enjoy my meal. 
So hopefully service will improve tweaks will be made to the food before I return again.
Ummmm Amazing! So far I've been for dinner and happy hour and plan on many more trips here. The owners just get it! Their Happy Hour makes me SO happy. The ambiance, service, food...excellent!
I didn't realize this place just opened, but it looks really nice.  There was a pleasant doorman, who opened the door to a packed house on a Wednesday night.  Almost all of the tables were packed, but we just wanted drinks.  We headed to the bar and found a nice area without a lot of people.  We were promptly served with water by the barback, but it took a long time for a bartender to get to us.  A loud group of four moved next to us and were served by the bartender.  Then the bartender disappeared.  After at least five minutes, but most likely closer to ten, we were waited on.  We decided to close our tab and try some other venues.  

The one round of drinks that we got were good.  I drank the Charred Stone, which had bourbon, ginger beer, mint and a grilled peach.  It was so good.  

We looked around and checked out the bowling alley in the basement.   We'll probably be back, but maybe next year.  Hopefully they can get their bartenders to pour drinks, rather than talk to each other...
I don't usually write reviews but this place was terrible. Wanted to have a special dinner with friends when they came into town and as much as we wanted to put a positive spin on the experience by the end we just had to laugh at how bad it was. 

1. Have to agree with a lot of people that our server was terrible and rude. It seemed like she was annoyed with us from the get-go and we couldn't figure out why. At one point my friend asked, "When you get a chance can I get a little more water?" and she said sarcastically, "....a LITTLE more water...?" forcing my friend to rephrase and say, "Oh..a full glass please". Is that a joke? What? The food runners however were kind and we wish they had been our server.

2. We ordered the Chefs special and *a* drink, totaling $75 per person by the end, and the food was so so bad. We are not harsh critics but some things were undercooked, some had no flavor, some were a tiny portions, and half the things were covered in slightly different white sauces- BUT the absolute worst was the "Fish and Chips".... I wish I had taken a picture.... Harp and Crown's current version of Fish and Chips is: white sauce, tiny pieces of boiled (?) cod(?) with little crispy things on top. The portion had to be smaller then my palm, and the CHIPS aka the FRIES were like the crispy things you get on top of a salad... it was so far from Fish and Chips and also wasn't a good or interesting alternative.

Restaurant looks cool though. I would barely recommend going for a drink.
My visit to Harp & Crown was just ok. I love trying new places and when I read about this place and saw the pictures that  looked beautiful, I wanted to see it in person. I honestly think the beauty of this place probably gets lost at night. The front area of the restaurant would be gorgeous for a lunch or brunch if they ever start serving brunch. Still, the decor and layout of this place is unique and interesting.

That being said I wasn't totally impressed with the other elements of my visit. As with many new spots the small plate concept and staggering delivery of food is standard here. It's hard to say how many plates you should order. As a vegetarian I ordered several vegetable and small plates without an entree.  Also they have pizzas but I wasn't in the mood for those. If you are ordering an entree or a pizza then you would probably need less plates to satisfy.  That being said the charcuterie, small plates, and vegetable dishes are small enough if you are sharing and probably won't be wasted. The beet salad was tasty but we felt the beet ratio was a little high. The cauliflower had good flavor. My friend enjoyed the lamb meatballs. Overall we weren't blown away by the taste of the food. 

Service was friendly but a little unpolished and not overly attentive. I think I'm a forgiving consumer and don't usually nitpick but one thing that bothered me was the bathroom. There is a common area with large sink and hand dryers and individual stalls with solid doors, so both men and women use the stalls. This area was a mess with wads of toilet paper on the floor, empty toilet paper rolls etc.. also the seats left up by men. There needs to be a bathroom attendant keeping this area suitable for ladies wanting to use them as well as clean for all. This place is too new and too upscale to have a disgusting restroom area.
I have been dying to try this place out since it opened and I am so glad that I've finally made my way over here. First stop on this edition of restaurant week and man, I think I set the bar too high by starting out here! First things first, the menu for restaurant week is a true compilation of all the wonderful dishes that this spot has to offer. Five courses plus a dessert? I want to go to there. The place was pretty crowded for 8:30 on a Sunday night but the service was quick, attentive, and all around pleasant. 

For the starters, we did the burrata, the lamb meatballs, and the red and golden beet salad. All were phenomenal and my favorite was definitely the meatballs. The sauce that came with it was amazing - it had a little spice, but there was a date relish that mellowed it out with its sweetness and a green sauce that reminded me a of a yogurt based chutney that paired so well. All around, it was an amazing dish. 

For the main course, we got the fettuccine with duck sausage and as our side to that we got the brussel sprouts. Holy hell, this was an amazing pairing. I'm not sure exactly how they cooked the brussel sprouts but there was this amazing salty flavor that was just right with the nuttiness of the brussel sprouts. I could have eaten two orders of those. Also, the duck sausage that came with the fettuccine was amazing - the flavors were on point, the sauce was awesome, and the overall serving for two people was just great. 

Finally for dessert, we opted to choose the sticky toffee pudding and it was good! I normally go for chocolate cake, but I was in the mood to try something different. This was great - a little too sweet for my tasting, but it was the perfect to share between the two us. I CANNOT wait to come back to this place and order more things off of the menu!!
Disclaimer: I only had drinks here, will try to update as soon as I have a chance to get my grub on here!

I came here for after work drinks last night and had an enjoyable time. Upon walking in, I did one of those girly "Aww, so pretty!" sound in my head. It truly has one of the most aesthetically pleasing restaurant decors in the city and reminds me of the owner's previous project Double Knot, except with more antiques and splendor. 

The bar was packed at 6pm on this particular Wednesday evening but luckily there's plenty of standing space. We were hoping there would be a Happy Hour menu, but unfortunately there wasn't one, womp womp. I ended up getting a couple glasses of prosecco, the Crown Jewel (gin, raspberry, lemon, plum bitters), the Black Velvet (house stout cordial, champagne, lemon), and also tried my bf's drink, the Charred Stone (bourbon, grilled peach, ginger beer, mint). 

The service at the bar was actually pretty prompt and friendly. I liked the Crown Jewel but the other drinks were all a tad too sweet. I think this is something that's easily fixable with some fine-tuning, or maybe I just have an overly sensitive palate to sugary taste. 

My friends and I ended up leaving to go elsewhere for dinner since we were in the mood for casual fare instead of a fancy meal. We also didn't make it to the downstairs bar, the Elbow Lane, where the 2 bowling lanes are. Well, I'm excited about both experiences next time I come back, hopefully not in the too far future.
Inconsistent.

Harp and Crown was supposed to be a great meal.  The service was friendly, helpful and attentive.  The bar scene ambiance was very lively.  Alas the dishes didn't quite meet expectations, lacking in complexity and creativity.

The best dish of the night had to be the shrimp which was perfect cooked with the head on.  If I had some starch to soak up some of the broth it was cooked in that would have been perfect.  Absolutely delicious!

The Seared Scallops in a Green Curry and Yuzu was inconsistent.  The scallops were perfectly cooked and seared with a very tender texture.  The Snow Pea Leaves that accompanied this dish however were old and not fresh.  The leaves were very hard to chew.  I left most if not all of there Snow Pea Leaves as a result on the plate.  

The Brussel Sprouts suffered similarly as they were both not spiced well and not cooked long enough.  These brussel sprouts were large sprouts that were still pretty big pieces.  Some were still raw in the middle and really difficult to eat.

The roasted beets were ok but the sauce at the bottom was forgettable.  Similarly the Tuna Tartare was actually not terrible but it could have used a few turns of the pepper mill.  The Spaghetti with the Peeky Toe Crab was indeed spicy but the pasta was very al dente and the spiciness overpowered the delicate flavor of the crab.

For dessert, Chocolate Cake was extraordinary dry.  There was no sweet in this sweet.  I again left most of this behind. 

While sitting at the bar was interesting, the edge of the bar had this raised ledge that made it difficult to rest my wrist on and eat a meal.  The decor of the restaurant is interesting and the seating seems conducive to having a fun meal with a groups of people.   I'd revisit for that purpose and less for the food.
One of the best things in life is to walk away from a meal with a smile on your face and say  "We are definitely coming back!". Being from out of state, my friends were nice enough to make reservation at Harp & Crown on my behalf. Since I travel for work every week, finding a new place to eat is a lot easier said than done. And just like most, I'd expect a great dining experience, ambiance, atmosphere, cleanliness and beyond all reasonable doubt, an amazing customer experience from the staff and management. How thrilled we were to meet Emma, her attention to detail for customer service is so natural we got excited when she stopped by just to see how we were doing. Not only did Emma and Belen with the rest of the team take great care of us, but we saw throughout the night how much work all the staff really put in to assist every table in a timely manner.  Emma and Belen consistently took their time to make sure we had all that we needed  and was more than happy to hear that I had dietary restriction from which she gave great recommendations; if your wondering its Keto Based. What we received was service that deserves to be a 10/10.  Can't wait to come back!   We ended the night with a smile, cup of coffee with 2 Splendas and the rest was history
It has been awhile my YELP friends and followers that I have found a true five star fine dining restaurant and Harp & Crown checked all the boxes. 

When you dine in a restaurant where every meal comes out and you are impressed by the presentation, the food item the chef prepares for the dish, the flavor abundance, the accompaniment flavors such as yogurt with a whole califlower well....to put it simply a corona gets its lime.

Came here for restaurant week and ordered a plethora of food. Started with the baby carrots with some hummus sauce that had a major kick of heat in it that was magical, followed by a whole califlower with yogurt accompaniment underneath (breathtaking - yes I used the word breathtaking to describe a califlower and stand by this statement), beef tartare with a horseradish sauce on toast, Salmon, baby back ribs, followed by a freebie chocolate cake.  Confession - do not order the baby back ribs you will be disappointed. Also, the freebie chocolate cake was well...not good. That being said the ambienance and the amazing cocktails they offer that I did not even comment on make up for the two faux pas on dessert and baby back ribs.

Bravo Harp and Crown you absolulety deserve the Crown just don't get lazy and keep up the pride you take in the presentation and meals from a raving foodie fan!
Harp & Crown opened late last year to much fanfare. And for good reason. While the food is expectedly on point (we are talking about Michael Schulson of Sampan & Izakaya, after all), Harp & Crown is also one of the most gorgeous locations in Center City. What better way to indulge in Schulson's food than immersed in vintage luxury as designed by Rohe Creative. 

This past Saturday, Harp & Crown expanded service to weekend brunch. At only $28 pp from 10:30 to 2:30, you're able to indulge in carved meats, charcuterie & cheese, salads, mini-sandwiches, fresh-baked bread & bagels, fruit, pastries, and much more. An added bonus? For only $15 pp, you can pair your meal with up to 5 glasses of mimosas, bellinis, and champagne. 

Speaking of drinks, the GF and I indulged in a few during brunch. My new favorite cocktail might just be the Before We Go, featuring rye, amaro, chocolate bitters and a coffee foam. The sweetness of the amaro balanced out the kick of the heat of the whiskey, with the chocolate bitters and coffee foam working together to bring some warm smoothness to each sip. For those that want to enjoy a sweeter side of bourbon, there's no better way than with the Sansom St. Breakfast, which marries my favorite brown liquor with dark rum and cereal milk. The GF was impressed by the quality of the mimosa, not overly sweet and plenty of dry effervescence. But on to the food! 

A veritable spread indeed. Quality prosciutto and salumi paired wonderfully with the pickled bite of cornichons, rich and creamy boucheron cheese, and the salty hit of manchego. Well-seasoned broccolini orzo and caesars salad were on hand to whet your apetite. Do look out for the goat cheese and tomato tart, with a wonderful balance of tang and acidity. 

If the tart doesn't speak to you, try the vegetable quiche. The GF and I were both amazed at the beauty of it - the quiche had a light and airy flan-like texture, studded with crisp veggies on top. Mini-sandwiches included capicola and butternut squash, eggplant, as well as a tuna and romesco sandwich that might've been one of the best I've had in recent memory. Of course, you could always opt for waffles, french toast, the omelette station, and perhaps a carved ham to be ladled with house-made gravy or horseradish cream.  

For those looking to satiate their sweeter side, Harp & Crown has got you covered. The GF and I were especially big fans of the chocolate croissants and the flaky sugar donuts (pro tip: drizzle the donuts with some honey and their lovely cranberry chutney). Strawberry scones, lemon poppy seed bundt cakes, blueberry muffins, fresh fruit, and bruleed grapefruit will end your brunch nicely. 

While considering the clear variety of Harp & Crown's brunch offerings, I was most impressed by the quality of the ingredients and the thoughtfulness behind the actual dishes. Capicola isn't simply slapped between two pieces of bread. It's paired with butternut squash, cheddar, and dijon between slices of fresh focaccia. The smoked salmon station was especially impressive. Beyond the luxurious fish, the individually portioned cream cheese medallions, the housemade pickles, and the freshly baked bagels made for the perfect brunch bite. 

So if you're looking for the next spot to plan your weekend brunch, look no further than Harp & Crown. Grand ambiance, great food, thoughtfully crafted cocktails, and impeccable service await.
We had an amazing experience at Harp & Crown last night that I couldn't wait to rave about.  

We started with a pair of cocktails.  The Dying Declaration is their take on a bourbon old fashion and includes being set on fire as part of the preparation process (check out the video).  It was great.  The Gardener is a bit more laid back, but also nice if you are in a tequila mood.

From there, we shared everything.  The Hamachi was fresh and paired amazingly well with the apple.   The squid ink mole was also a good match in the Spanish Octopus dish.  Regarding the Spicy Soppressata pizza, I can understand (and agree) that should be a fan favorite, however, was also pleasantly surprised by the Fig & Goat Cheese pizza.

While I understand why the Lamb Meatballs were a fan favorite, I liked but was not overly impressed by them. Likewise, the olives were standard, however not sure we expected more from them anyway.  The Braised Short Rib just melted off the bone, but beyond that didn't have any major standout qualities.

Our dessert included a Mango "bomb" and their seasonal cheesecake.  Both were on point with the mango taking the lead imo.  Otherwise, service was smooth and the night passed with ease.
I had to try the newest restaurant from Michael Schulson even after reading the mixed reviews on Yelp! I am a huge fan of Sampan and Double Knot.

Let me begin by saying that Harp and Crown is very different from the other two restaurants and mind blowing food is not the USP of this place. It is designed more as a lounge with a great ambience and meant for hanging out with friends over drinks and small plates.

We called to reserve a table but were told to walk in and found nice seating in the bottom level. Service was good and we started with cocktails which were standard center city prices and very good. For food we ordered the Burratta,Broccolini and  a mushroom gnocchi pasta, the burrata was just ok and also not enough for the price. The broccolini was good but the pasta was just average. We then ordered the Amish Chicken with escarole which was tasty but nothing to talk home about. For the prices I would have expected better food and maybe more quantity too though I understand it is meant to be small plates.

I would recommend trying this place out for the ambience and to get some drinks and light food only.
I wanted to give this place a good review but I can't. Over priced food and drinks. This place is a joke ... they try to make it an exclusive speak easy type of place ... the waiter tried to up sell us ever chance he could ... that wasn't the problem ... the problem was that everyone's food came out cold and the waiter never even came to ask how everything was... I don't send food back because I have no trust with what happens in the kitchen ... this was confirmed by the way the owner treated us ... he was pissed that we complained .. waited for us to pay the bill and then called the bouncer and ask us to leave because he's not a professional and needs to learn how to run a business. Good luck with your dump. I would give it a negative star if I could..
Booked an advance reservation after reading all the amazing reviews and hearing friends hype it up!! It was worth every bit! I felt like I walked into a garden/wear house. 

The brunch Buffet is out of this world! I've never seen such an assortment ! The staff was very attentive. We started out with mimosas and coffee and then dig into the amazing buffet! I could not keep my eyes off the donut bar.... yes! A full donut bar. 

Anything you can think of this buffet has... starting from fresh pressed juices to simple omelettes. They also have a carving station! 

I can't wait to make my next reservation here!
Came in on a Tuesday night around 7:30PM with a group of 11 which we had a reservation for. They took about an half an hour to seat us down at two separate tables ....we were very hungry. 

Though they offered us free appetizers and a bottle of champagne to make up for the wait, the wait for food took a very long time as well. We didn't finished dinner until 9:45PM.

I ordered the scallops which were pretty good overall, and everyone seemed to have enjoyed their entrees, but the service can definitely be improved.
Great atmosphere and food, but we were disappointed in the quality of the service. Our waiter never checked in with our table after a large party arrived to bowl that evening. She forgot to put part of our order and we had to track down a floor manager to order more drinks and food. To make matters worse, our waiter never came back to our table until she came to pick up the check and never spoke a word to us.
Made reservations for Saturday night dinner, surprising it was easy to make one! As soon as we checked in we were seated in the garden area. We ordered a couple of drinks and browsed the menu, they have a different menu for each season but the classics are always there. We ordered the lamb meatballs and shrimps as appetizers. 
The lamb meatballs here are the best we have ever had. The shrimp came with tail and head on, very fresh and good amount of burnt garlic flavor. 
For our main course we ordered the lamb Campanella and the chimchurri steak. 
The lamb pasta dish was not to our liking, too bland and grainy. We asked our server to take the dish away and ordered the classic margherita pizza. So glad we did because it was one of the best we have had. 
When we received the check, our server did say that she took the pasta dish off as one should not pay for something they don't like. Really appreciate this. 
Needless to say Harp & Crown will remain on our go to list!
STICK TO HAPPY HOUR COCKTAILS & pizza or small plates!

Hadn't visited the Harp & Crown, so we made a reservation on Saturday night.  Decor and ambience were great, good vibe, not too noisy or crowded.  Our waiter, Aaron, was knowledgeable about the menu, cocktail and wine options.

We had a cocktail (creative and well made), then chose the chef's table with sommelier pairings, which we like to do at a new place.  This was a mistake.  First THREE courses came out within minutes.  Beet salad, pate toasts, pizza, ravioli and pork belly piled on top of each other!  Couldn't get to everything before it got cold, sent two dishes back.  In fairness, dishes were creative and flavors were wonderful.  Somm pairings were spot on.  Timing was horrendous.

Later, a hostess informed us they had a large party arriving and because of the way their seating system worked, we would have to relocate or finish FAST.  We had three courses of dining to complete!  I asked how much time they typically allow for dinner guests, was told 60-90 minutes.  Sixty minutes?!  European-style diners, BEWARE!  We chose to relocate, frustrated.  The mismanagement was clear.

After the relo, having complained about dishes coming out too quickly, perhaps they held our fish course... a beautiful piece of halibut turned dry & mealy.  Way overcooked.  Asked for a pause before dessert to enjoy our wine.  Dessert came out anyway, no surprise.

Clearly they knew from the start that our choice of the chef's table was going to be a timing problem - thus the rushed courses.  We should have been reseated immediately, not in the middle of our meal, after already embarking on a disappointing dining experience.  We paid about $100 per person (with gratuity) for cold food, rushed courses, excuses, ignored pleas for a relaxed pace, and a reseat in the middle of our dinner.  Will not repeat.
An absolutely amazing experience! Harp & Crown definitely lived up to the hype, with a great ambiance that allows you to be as formal as you want to be. The food was amazing and delicious, and left me craving more even when my stomach was full. 

The Tuna Toast is a nice starter, offering a great palate cleanser before a meal. Other small plates I recommend are the scallops (extremely savory and they will expand the order if you ask then to so everyone can have a scallop), the meatballs (one of the best sauces!), and the roasted cauliflower head (it's a huge portion of food if you want veggies). 

The pizza was probably the most "average" of all the food, but their specialty is not pizza, so I don't blame them. I would much rather have spent the stomach room on something tastier. 

Drinks wise - you can't go wrong with any of the cocktails. They're all reasonably priced for a place that is above the dive-bar quality. Ask the waiter for recommendations - they're always happy to share. 

All in all, a great experience and I would definitely come back! The all you can eat brunch is great as well, but definitely make sure you come hungry for that!
We came for dinner and were pleased with our meal. We had reservations which I would recommend as they stayed busy while we were there. The space itself is beautiful; it's a mix of industrial and farm chic. I feel Joanna Gaines would give this place her seal of approval. 

We were greeted and seated immediately. We were given menus and our server shared the evening specials. The food is meant for sharing but you can also order individually. I split a pizza and the lamb pasta with my sister. The food was delicious and came out in stages. I especially enjoyed the pasta and liked how well it tasted. No one was forgotten though and everyone had what they ordered. 

Service was very good throughout our meal. The staff worked as a team  and were very professional. We didn't order drinks during our meal but they appeared to have a good cocktail list.
Unfortunately we didn't start off on the right foot. We had a 945 reservation in at 10 o'clock they still weren't able to seat us. They took us downstairs to see if we wanted a seat at their bar, which was cool, but it didn't have a dinner vibe. 
We started with the butternut squash toast which was unexpectedly good. 
Brussel sprouts with bacon: The brussels sprouts were cooked perfectly and the bacon packed a punch of flavor. 
Cauliflower: this fried cauliflower came with a light (almost foamy) and tart dip, which brought this whole dish together. The batter could use some flavor, but it was a nice simple small plate. 
Roasted Chicken: The chicken itself was super bland and salty. Thankfully they give you a sauce and lots of sweet corn to try and add something to save the dish. I don't think I would order the chicken again. 
Chocolate Cake: this was the perfect slice of sweetness to end of the meal. Everything was perfect about this dessert, from the light chocolate mousse to the meringue to the whipped gram cracker with sea salt. Whoever creates desserts for this place, knows what they're doing! 

Harp and crown provides a fantastic atmosphere for a romantic dinner or any special occasion.
Former speakeasy with a massive basement that was once hidden. Walk through a kitchen area to get to the back. We spent our entire time in the downstairs bowling alley, which we had rented out.  A few people from outside the party kept slipping in; we had to tell them ourselves it was a private group. (It would have been helpful to have a sign or wait person do this for us, as we were spending a lot).

Ordered a ton of apps. For those that are ambitious, try the beef tartare on potato pancakes. Nice kick!  Tune tartare was also really good. And I honestly don't usually like either.

For those that are less ambitious, the lamb meatballs are good and have a nice little curry kick.

Overall, really great spot to host a private group of 20 or so.
I stumbled upon this spot unexpectedly, just bar hopping with a friend. It is a gem! The drinks were lit, the atmosphere was very chill, the vibe was calm & laid back. After a couple of drinks upstairs we ventured downstairs to find that there was a min bowling alley (how cool)! I haven't been since COVID hit, but once the world balances itself out, I'd def like to give them another go round.
This restaurant is in downtown Philadelphia and was within walking distance of my hotel. We were looking for a trendy but not cliche restaurant to have a nice dinner with modern drinks and food. Well, we found it! 

We started with appetizers and drinks which were great. I particularly loved the Philly cheesesteak egg rolls with a spicy ketchup. I'm normally not a ketchup lover (I think it's too sweet) but this spicy ketchup was perfect for the egg rolls! The wings we ordered as an appetizer were perfectly cooked with a great flavor. 

For our entrees we had a cheeseburger which, I didn't have but it looked juicy and delicious! I had a scallop dish which quite honestly hit on many different flavor profiles and textures. The scallops were soft, melting in my mouth, as they should but it was contrasted with crunchy notes from the garnish as well as a sweetness from the oranges. It truly was delicious! 

The restaurant is pretty large and was very busy during the time we were there.. the bar was full and most tables were as well, needless to say this is a great place to frequent if you enjoy going to unique places with a good ambiance. The lighting was dim but a candle illuminates your table. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Definitely a winner for a great night out.
Just went here for brunch today - an absolutely awesome spot. One of the best facets of this brunch spot is the ambience. Buffet brunch spread across a beautiful bar and great decor. Service was super friendly and wasn't pushy trying to get us to leave even though we spent almost two hours there. Food selection is nicely varied and there wasn't anything that I didn't like. The roast they had sliced was probably the best - seasoned very well.
Atmosphere- 5 stars
Drinks- 4 stars
Food- 3 Stars

This place is awesome inside. It's really an experience coming into Harp and Crown and frankly I can't imagine how much this place cost to build and design. Unfortunately, the cost is what holds me back from anything higher than 3 stars. Pretentious is putting it lightly. Everything is extremely pricey for Philly standards. Came for a late night bite and two drinks and two apps later wound my fiance and I down $100. Not so awesome.
I visited Harp & Crown for some drinks on a Thursday night. We were able to get a seat at the bar right away but it was a little crowded. I ordered the Meridian Peaks cocktail and it was delicious! The bartender lit the rosemary on fire with a torch which was a fun touch. The atmosphere is nice and cozy. Would definitely like to come back and try some food, the happy hour looks great too! The bartenders are knowledgeable and definitely care about the quality of their drinks.
I want to love this place based on the idea and the owners, however there is some work to be done.

First, the decor is amazing. There is a beautiful big bar in the center of the dining room. Couches when you first enter. Downstairs there is a bar, Elbow Lane that has a vintage bowling alley in it. Love everything about the decor! Some of the tables are family style though, so you may end up sitting with strangers in the dining room. 

Second, the food is delicious! I have been here on two occasions for the spicy pizza. It's so great! I also recommend the burrata. 

My issue is with the service. I have high expectations because of Double Knot and Sampan, so maybe I am judging them more harshly. However we had a 8:30 reservation on a Friday night. Our table wasn't ready at first, which is understandable, so we had drinks at the bar. We did not sit down at our table until after 10:30 pm!! That is insane! We continued to ask and felt as if we were annoying the staff. We never received even an apology for how long we had to wait for a table with a reservation. Which is just unacceptable in my book when you are forced to wait over 2 hours after your reservation time. Then we sit down and finally order close to 11 pm, our waiter kept trying to upcharge us. I ordered a glass of the house red which is what i had at the bar. Instead of saying ok, he kept suggesting other wines for me to have that were more expensive. Finally, I had to be like no this is what I want to drink. Also when it came to food, since it was so late we ordered a bunch of stuff to share. I felt that he kept trying to get us to order more and was annoyed with us. Although we def ordered enough as we were all full. I felt like we were an annoyance to him. It was a bit of a bummer with the service and the wait without even an acknowledgement. Also, we had to wear out big winter coats while eating dinner. We were right under a fan, and although it was cold outside they had air conditioning on. We froze during our dinner. I will return possibly in the future, but they have some issues to work out if they want to be considered great.
I have had Harp & Crown book marked since the day it opened its doors. I was finally able to get here for brunch one Sunday with a couple of girlfriends and I left having mixed feelings. 

Let's start with the aesthetic. It's absolutely beautiful. Legitimately every inch of the place has life. When you walk in you're transported to a very glass-facade, bright garden house. The room is visually stunning. As you walk further you're welcomed by high ceilings with an old and industrial feel. The bar is also humongous which is used for the brunch buffet on the weekends as well. Harp & Crown also has a two-lane bowling alley called 'Elbow Lane' beneath the main floor. 

Brunch is from 10:30-2PM on Saturday & Sunday's. They have plenty to offer anywhere from omelettes, meats, cheeses, and sandwiches. They also have a make-your-own donut station. I believe we paid $28pp. Not including mimosas, bloody mary's, or bellinis. I think they were $6-7. 

Now for the food... I wasn't blown away. At all really. We were told to try the prime rib which I was pumped for. I was slightly let down as it just wasn't anything special. Although they had a lot of food options I have definitely been to better buffets for cheaper. I will say the fried chicken was pretty awesome. All in all, I'm not sure I would come back her for brunch. Definitely willing to see the dinner menu however. 

Service was good. Our waiter seemed to be handiling quite a few tables. We had two birthdays at the table so he made it special for us which was very nice!
Four stars for the space and service, three for restaurant week food. 

I've been to happy hour, but never for dinner so I thought it'd be interesting to come for restaurant week. It seemed like a good deal on paper, but when we got there we were kinda confused. You had to agree with your party on six dishes rather than each getting their own. I wonder how this would work for more than two people as the portion sizes are pretty small for some. 

We ended up picking the heirloom tomato salad, cheese plate, bbq ribs, spicy crab spaghetti, miso cod, and the hearth roasted cauliflower.  

The heirloom tomato salad was really fresh and sweet with a kick of the tomatillos. The cheese plate had bread, three cheeses, almonds, blueberries, and a fruit spread which tied everything together really well. 

The bbq ribs had really good flavor, but all we got was two ribs so that was super disappointing. The spicy crab spaghetti was pretty good which the kick of the crab and pancetta, but it was pretty lukewarm which was a downer. The miso cod, I wish I liked, but I didn't really. It was pretty bland with a lot of 'miso butter' foam everywhere. The eggplant was also pretty flavorless. The hearth roasted cauliflower was a whole cauliflower which was nice, but slightly undercooked so it was hard to cut. The lemon cream sauce was pretty good paired with it so we got most of it down. 

The end was 'complimentary' dessert which was a good ending. Can't turn down chocolate cake. It was rich with a hint of coffee. 

I loved the beginning and then end, but the middle was a lot of eh.
As a medical professional, I am so surprised that it passed COVID precautions. We placed an indoor seating reservation due to concerns of rain, and were seated in the basement level, which was their bowling alley restaurant. I was disappointed, and would caution future diners to request ground level/outdoor dining only (I thought heavily about switching but didn't want to cause a scene). Firstly, service was preposterously slow. There was one server - who happened to be the bartender too- for the 5-6 tables there. While the tables were spaced, the ventilation was awful and air flow was stagnant/nonexistent. I would not be surprised if there was a COVID cluster traced back here. Overall, I was uneasy dining indoors here, and would warn against repeating my mistakes.

That said, the food wasn't that much better. We got the hamachi, burrata, beet salad, honey/spicy soppressata and fennel/sausage pizza, and burger. Meh. The dishes were basic and uninspiring. It was predictable and lacked creativity. The waiter kept saying it was internationally based cuisine but I would gather to say it's overpriced pub at best. Based on other reviews, this is NOT a place you go to eat, but rather, to be seen and enjoy an ambience (albeit what is an ambience if the risk of COVID looms nearby in the basement). 

Would I return? That's a strong no. I was uneasy with their COVID precautions and, coupled with a mediocre meal, there are better restaurants to support.
Fabulous all meals were shared among my 2 friends and me. Total with tip for 3 plates. 20.00 each. Great service. Pretty l
If you haven't been to Harp & Crown's Sunday Brunch, well you ain't livin' life the way it's supposed to be lived. It's okay, I'm here to help you.

It's the cutest restaurant with a giant wooden wrap around bar in the middle of the restaurant. Filled, and I mean fiiiiiiiiiiiiiillllled with so many amazing things to eat. 

The cocktails here are super yummy and the service is top notch. Love Michael Schulson restaurants. They never disappoint!
This place was the biggest rip off for restaurant week, and my review will be based mainly off my experience during restaurant week. First off, I would like to start out with the fact that I went with a party of five people. 

To start off, the food:
Our courses consisted of the romaine & endive salad, charcuterie, garlic prawns, rooster's comb mac & cheese, hanger steak, jersey corn & the dessert was chocolate cake, respectively. The romaine & endive salad was okay. In all honesty, it was just a subpar caesar salad and not worth the $9 they typically charge. They gave us two bowls of salad to feed five people, and I believe from their normal portion sizes that it should have only fed one person. The only reason why it was taken back unfinished was the fact that the salad just bad. There was a bitter note that I wasn't used to, and I've eaten many caesar salads. Second, the charcuterie was probably one of two decent sized portions to feed the five of us. My colleagues enjoyed it, but I found the meats a little too salty. Third, the garlic prawns were probably the best thing on the menu. I would normally not have anything to say if it were just me, but there were five of us and there were five prawns, so each of us got a single prawn. Onto the next course, Rooster's comb mac & cheese was the second decently sized portion on the menu for restaurant week. We received two normal sized portions to split amongst the five of us, and while the taste and portions were just okay, we could have probably used another dish and finished that too. Now onto the entree, the hanger steak & jersey corn as the side. The hanger steaks were around 6 ounces each, and we received two of them, so each of us got around 2-3 ounces of steak. The steak was more rare than any of us would like, and although it was rare, it still required more chew than usual. As a side dish, we thought that the jersey corn would come with the hanger steak as that's how sides are typically served, on the side along with your entree. We had to ask where our side was, and it wasn't served until after we were all done with the entree. Jersey corn was good flavor wise, but we didn't appreciate how the server was defensive when we had to ask where our food was and said he liked to call their kitchen a "free flowing kitchen," apparently basically meaning it can come out when it comes out‍.  Everyone had half a corn on the cob each. We ended off with chocolate cake that came with the meal, and it was just okay, nothing spectacular and nothing extravagent. Maybe a 2x4 inch rectangular piece of dark chocolate cake. It was quite dark, so if dark chocolate is not your thing, this will not suit your tastebuds. 

Next, the prices:
The portion sizes were in no way different than what they would serve during their regular weeks, except when they gave us two portions of the salad, mac & cheese, & steak. Our bill ended up being around $270 because we ordered more drinks & included tax & tip. I will calculate this as if it weren't restaurant week to see if it was worth our money. Two salads at $9 each, one order of charcuterie at $15 because the meats & bread didn't look to be any larger than what they normally serve with a regular order, ONE ORDER of garlic prawns at $13 (I'm calculating this as one order because they gave us five prawns, and I looked at previous pictures that others posted and it looks to be the same size, so this can only be calculated as one order), 2x mac & cheese at $15 each, 2x hanger steaks at $20 each, and I'm not exactly sure how much the Jersey corn is but I'll just mark it as 2 dishes at $8 each because I highly doubt it could be more than $10. If this were a regular day and not restaurant week, our total would have been at most $150 not including drinks, so I think we ended up losing money. 

Overall & needless to say, no one should come here for restaurant week. We all would have been happier and more full if we just did happy hour right at the bar. I will repeat do‍not‍come‍here‍for‍restaurant‍week
Ever since my first visit to Harp and Crown for cocktails, I wanted to be back in that scene to try the food. As fate would have it, I needed a last-minute reservation for 10 people and they had the space. Even better that I wanted a spot that would impressive my group. I didn't realize Harp and Crown was the type of restaurant meant for sharing dishes; my selection seriously could not have been more perfect. 

The theme of the evening was "slow." Given that most of my group hadn't seen each other in a while, that was just dandy in terms of catching up. It took us almost 20 minutes to be seated, and that evening we dined. Our menu indecisiveness was definitely to fault for that, and I award our server for being patient, yet on top of us, without being intrusive. 

Cocktails were again top notch. Although I'm not typically a brandy fan, I absolutely loved the Down by the Seaside. Twice, to be specific. 

Without doing the tasting menu, we ordered a decent portion of the menu. 

Starters: Lamb meatballs, Spanish Octopus, Pork Belly, Hamachi and Burrata

Entrees: Lamb sausage pizza, Lamb cannelloni, Spaghetti (with clams, smoked ham and swiss chard), Ricotta Gnocchi, Young Chicken, Skirt Steak and Alaskan Halibut. We also ordered a side of broccolini. 

Standouts? See list above. Ok, but seriously my favorites involved anything with lamb. I could easily see myself making a quickie trip to the bar just enjoy the lamb pizza. The Spanish Octopus was great (and a must-eat), as was the Burrata. I'm surprised how much I liked the spaghetti, but it was prepared very well. 

Not eating off the tasting menu and picking a few things for ourselves, made the whole experience much more cost effective, but completely satisfying. I'd recommend if you are coming with a group of friends who like to share food. 

Oh, and it goes without saying, this is a really cool venue to be at. It had a modern factory feel with the high ceilings, yet more classic artwork. It's dark, yet bright at the same time. As others have mentioned, they even have a bowling downstairs (and if you ask the right person, they may even let you fake bowl if you are lucky). 

The only thing that I found off was the bathroom situation. Is it really necessary to have an attendant at 7pm on a Thursday? It felt a little awkward to me.  

Believe it or not, we didn't order the whole menu so believe it or not, I'll be back.
My family of 7 went for restaurant week but unfortunately they don't do restaurant week on Saturdays. We decided to do a bunch of a la carte to share. 

Heirloom Beet Salad: This is my second time having this dish. It's one of my favorite dishes at harp and crown. The flavors and textures are so intricate but very refreshing! Great as a starter. 

Burrata Salad: it's basically sourdough bread in a summer squad sauce with mozzarella cheese. Very good, but not what you expect when you think salad, you've been warned. 

Baby Back Ribs: another crowd favorite! The meat was very tender and fell off the bone. The flavor was rich but for me personally I wish it had more flavor/sauce. 

Garlic Prawns: I didn't try this but everyone else liked it! There's only 4 prawns in one order so be mindful if you're ordering for larger parties. 

Spanish Octopus: I really liked this one! The octopus was very dense and high quality. It says it's "spicy" but as someone who absolutely cannot handle spicy, I can tell you it's not that spicy. There were also fingerling potatoes that are equally juicy and yummy. 

Fennel Salami Pizza: this was probably one of the most surprising dishes. We all loved this one and we didn't expect a pizza to be so good. This one was so good that we ordered a second pizza afterwards. 

Spicy Sorppressata Pizza: my favorite of the two pizzas. Not that spicy as well. 

Roosters Comb Mac n Cheese: the pasta was a little too firm for me but everyone else liked it!  The cheese flavor was very rich. 

Wild Caught Halibut: I was a little disappointed actually. The fish was very very tender, but I felt like the flavor was too light. 

Seared Scallops: another one of my harp and crown favorites! Scallops were very tender and juicy. Pairs so well with the vinegary pea leaf they have. 

Grilled Hanger Steak: voted favorite by 2/7 people at my table. A must try. 

Roasted Rainbow Potatoes: delicious! One of my favorite dishes of the night.
Harp & Crown is a Philly institution when it comes to brunch. It boasts an all you can eat brunch buffet for $28. This is not just any brunch buffet- it includes a make your own donut station, omelette station, freshly carved meat, assorted salads, bagels, pastries, a shrimp cocktail  bar, and more. I love taking my friends from New York here for brunch when they come to visit. This brunch is definitely not something you'd ever find in New York!
First time brunching at Harp & Crown on a Saturday and I have to say, it was a pleasant and (very) filling experience. Made sure to grab a reservation and went for the $28 for all you can eat brunch. Didn't get to try every single item out on the buffet tables because I had to be selective (I wasn't going to fill up on pastries and bagels). My favorites were the Chicken & Waffles, BYO omelette station, and prime rib. Overall they had good offerings out on the table but not a lot of options for those who might be a vegetarian or gluten free. Excellent decor and ambiance for photos. 

I have to note that my sister and I were seated at these very odd two-top tables sitting side-by-side. We dealt with it because we didn't want to make it a big deal to ask to move but it was the most uncomfortable and non-functional seating I've ever seen in a restaurant. You can bump into the person next to you because there's hardly any space. I wouldn't want to sit there again if I went there in the future and I'd call in advance to make sure I'm not seated there again if I dined with someone. And to those who are planning on coming here with a date - you might want to call and make sure to avoid these seating options.
This review is strictly for their weekend brunch and all I have to say is wow. I've been here a while ago for their dinner and did not have a very good experience but decided to give their brunch a try today and boy was I impressed. I had a reservation for 12:45 and upon arrival, we were sat immediately. Our waitress was so sweet. Explained the buffet area and we left our seats before she was even done talking because we were so anxious. Presentation was lovely. It's a huge buffet and you can walk around both sides in either direction. Instead of a standard buffet line, this one wraps all the way around with so many options to chose from. I regret not discovering that harp & crown had a weekend brunch option sooner! I'm already planning on coming back next weekend. For $28 per person it's a total steal! And all the cocktails are only $6 which is a great deal in my opinion. They have jumbo shrimp cocktail, salmon, bite sized Italian hoagies, the usual breakfast bagels/toast station with different options of spreads including my fave, honey butter. Toasters so you can DIY. Yogurt parfait with a few add ins you can choose yourself such as fruit and honey. They also have mini chocolate mousse cups, chicken and waffles, an omelette stations with lots of add in options, and my fave part was the carving station. They had prime rib and it was absolutely mouth watering! I came back for thirds. I'd say I stuffed myself silly and probably had about 6 plates of food. The have a really cute donut section where you can design your own donut. They hang from a cute wooden board and you can drizzle vanilla or chocolate frosting on there and you can top it off with fruity pebbles, captain crunch, cookie crumbs, fruit loops or sprinkles. There's so much to eat here it's overwhelming. It is so worth it and this place gives Lacroix at the Rittenhouse a run for their money. We almost decided to go there today because it's delicious every time but you usually have to book a week or two in advance and it's also about 80 per person. I am still in disbelief that it's only $28 per person here. They have a fresh juice station which I loved. You can just go up and help yourself. Our waitress came over many times to check up on us, clear any old plates immediately and our water was constantly topped off every time she noticed we needed more. This place is the best brunch spot in philly by far, hands down. Just make sure you're not in a rush so you can really relax, and indulge! We spent about 2 hours here and now that I'm home I can't stop reminiscing! Book your reservation here for the brunch buffet. They offer it Saturday's and Sunday's. You will thank me! I promise. Also the best group of staff I've seen in a while. They all seem to work together to provide top notch service. This is how it's suppose to be done ! Brunch done right
This review is specific to a work event I attended here last Thursday night. I presently cannot comment on a standard restaurant experience.

Our large group rented out the entire space downstairs, equipped with its own full bar and two long bowling lanes!  They had it reserved for us as a private party, which makes this a nice option to consider for a unique event venue. (I would estimate it comfortably holds 50 people, but don't quote me on that.)

There was a table at the back with carved prime rib roast beef with bread and fixings, Margherita pizza, and an enormous shrimp cocktail. Add to that about half a dozen hot passed hors d'oeuvres, including the most tender chicken skewers, asparagus, mushroom ricotta bites, and others. Every single bite I had was absolutely delicious! I have zero complaints about the food, and can't stop marveling over how great it all was!

Drinks were very good, too. Order your favorite, or choose from their menu. They offer some fun mixed cocktails that folks raved about.

Service was excellent throughout the night!

If you want to bowl, you can use the shoes they provide. There is no additional charge to bowl or borrow the shoes. Behind the lanes are big, plush, cushioned chairs and couches to watch the bowling or just hang out and chat.

My only caution would be, if you are utilizing this space downstairs, watch the doors along the long hallway as you are walking down to the room. They fly open unexpectedly, and it's already very dark once you get down there. Also, because it's so dark, I question how clean it really is (tables and seating, namely)...but saw no reason to worry while I was there.

We had a great time! I would be happy to return, either as a dining room patron, or for another special event. Check it out!
One of my new favorites in town! B-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l mix of rustic and vintage vibe the moment you enter, the ambiance grips you at the heart instantaneously. 

A group of friends surprised me saying we were eating at "Taco Bell" as a joke for my birthday, but instead I arrived at this breath taking Victorian-like restaurant. The servers were excellent in etiquette and had such a charm. We had a preset 4 course meal that varied seasonally, and the best part was they had wonderful accommodations for our friends who had food allergies to nut - she had her own separate plate/dish for each course! Each dish was unique and eclectic, paired creatively. I had no qualms with anything, except that I'm looking forward to coming back soon!
Such a good Happy Hour menu. They have $5 wines, $5 beer and $5 cocktail selection. They also have a nice selection of small bites for $4-$7 for happy hour. Happy hour is 4pm-7pm. It normally is busy by 5pm and the bar will be taken. I had the happy hour Chardonnay which was fine and a big pour. I had the tuna poke bowl which was spicy and delicious. It was a very nice size. The shrimp tostadas are excellent, lamb meatballs and the whipped ricotta. Dinner menu looks great as well, deforest try for happy hour.
STRONG 4 restaurant. 
The dinning room was beautifully decorated. Atmosphere is classy and romantic. The hidden bar also had a good atmosphere. It's felt comfortable and cosy. 
Now on to the food. Food was great. My faves were the pork belly appetizer, garlic prawns, and the seared scallops. Everyone at our table of 7 loved the prawns, the sauce was so good we dipped out pizza crust in it so we could savory all the juices. The scallops were perfectly cooked it was like eating butter. The pork belly also had great flavors. 
There were some dishes that were a miss but it wasn't a major disappointment so it might just be the case of it's not my cup of tea. 
The only complaint I have is that the steak for two is  a $60 20 oz steak. The price is ok for 45 day age but 20 oz for two? Really? Most places for two would be 40oz that's just my opinion.
Came here one Sunday morning for brunch following my wedding the day before and I must say that it was the perfect choice! 

My husband and I walk in and are immediately sat at these odd tables. Imagine sitting on a bench and everybody is facing the same way with a table in between you. It was odd but I think a good use of their space. We were greeted by our server and told that they have a mimosa special "You can either get one for $9 or four for $15..." he told us. Are you kidding me!? That's an insanely incredible deal! Even if you don't drink all 4 and only get 2, it's still worth it (not to say we didn't have all 4 haha). 

Their brunch buffet is the thing dreams are made of. I think it was $28 per person or something like that. I mean the selection of foods here will knock your socks off! You can have anything from chicken and waffles, oatmeal, lox and bagels, a specialty-made omelette, roast beef, bacon, eggs, sausage, you name it! It also included fresh fruit juices, pastries, and fruit! This place is a dream for vegetarians and carnivores alike! I will 100% hands-down be back!
I enjoyed the ambiance and feel of this restaurant as much as I enjoyed the food. The walls are unfinished and raw and the added touches of the old paintings gave it a great look. The high ceilings soaring above also added a sense of grandure. We made a reservation during restaurant week for a few friends on a tuesday evening. And even with our reservation we waited 35 minutes for a table. So expect a wait and take a seat at the bar for a drink. When we were finally seated our service was impeccable and we were never left with an empty glass or extra dishes on our table. We all did the $35 tasting menu and ended up with a plethera of plates to sample on our table. I won't divulge into the offerings on the table because that would be too extensive- but I will say that EVERYTHING was delicious. The plates were well presented and it made for an awesome tasting experience. I hear there is a bowling alley in the basement of this establishment- but alas I didnt get to try it out. I look forward to my next visit to Harp & Crown.
I went for Happy Hour before dinner last night with a friend from California.  The drinks and the bartender were fantastic! You could tell that he had a real passion for making drinks. We had the beef tartar and the Salumi for appetizers. The service was great, and I would recommend going here.
Oh my yes to everything! 

Ambiance is a 5/5. Swanky, beautiful and always busy. We didn't have a reservation, but luckily found a spot at the bar. The bartender was very knowledgeable and attentive despite being incredibly busy. He made recommendations and we ordered almost everything he suggested.

Roasted Olives, always think this is an overrated dish, but NOT HERE. Omg they were warm, juicy and delicious. I added them to all the dishes because the portion size was enormous and they were the best olives I've ever had.

Lamb Meatballs, not only the meat consistency, but oh my the sauce! It was flavorful and amazing. I also added that to other dishes because I couldn't get enough. I felt like a homeless person having my first meal in a week trying to eat the last of this sauce. No offense meant here.

Spicy Soppressata Pizza - what? I find it hard to mess up pizza, but this one was spectacular. A little oily, but I would order it again in a second. It had a small pepper on each slice and the perfect amount of flavor and spice. 

Gnocchi - another staple that I rarely don't like, but this one was truly top notch. Buttery, flavorful and again, perfect consistency. 

I can't wait to go back here - if only I lived closer to Philly.
