After having this place bookmarked for quite some time, I finally got around to checking it out - sadly, my experience was pretty disappointing.

I dropped in for a late lunch on a Sunday with two other people. There were only a few other customers at the time we went, so we were promptly seated at a corner table. We had lots to catch up on so it was nice being in a pretty secluded area. 

After browsing through the menu, I saw that they were still serving brunch and although I'm usually all about that, I wasn't really feeling it and ordered a sandwich off of the lunch menu instead. It turns out I made a mistake because I've heard good things about their brunch but my sandwich was a huge letdown. 

I got the Chicken & Avocado which came on thick cut multigrain toast with lettuce, cheddar and homemade mustard. The first thing I noticed when I took a couples bites was that the chicken was cold. I'm not sure whether it was supposed to be or if it had just been sitting out awhile, but either way, it would have tasted far better had it been served hot. I also wasn't a big fan of the mustard, but that just might be preference. My sandwich came with a side of homemade chips which, in my opinion, were the best part of the meal. I ended up taking my leftovers home with me and although I'm not usually one to let food go to waste, I couldn't get myself to finish it. :(

One person in our group had been to Hawthornes Biercafé before and really enjoyed the Breakfast Poutine so she ordered that again. Although she said it was just as great, she did comment that the portion size seemed to be noticeably smaller this time.

Our server was very attentive, friendly and patient. It took us awhile to decide on food since we kept getting caught up talking, so I really appreciated her patience! 

When it comes down to it, if it were up to me, I wouldn't return here. If I do end up going back though, I'm making sure I choose something off of the breakfast menu. I wouldn't risk getting a disappointing sandwich again.
Fatty says, yep I'm a fan.

Never knew the section of this city before being suggested I try this place. A nice surprise. 

Started with a Cheese Plate. I don't know the price charged but the selection of Cheeses were terrific, tasty and was a perfect way to start the dinner meal.
Our server was top notch, pleasant, efficient and a real pro.

Entrees were also good. I had the Pork which also had a slice of Canadian Bacon, I think Aioli and some sort of Cheese. Very good.

The other at the table reported his entree was spot on. He also had something called Sour Beer which he says was an exciting pallet pleasing plus.

On this side of being too pricey for the level of food,  a fun atmosphere, good food, easy parking, happy staff, yes, I would definitely come back.

 Now, where was this place, you sure this was in Philly?
Okay, so I just stopped into Hawthorne's Biercafe (at 11th and Fitzwater), which opened tonight, and I left pretty pissed off. I feel a little guilty reviewing, since I only experienced their takeout beer and not their food or service, but I feel the need to rant a bit. This cafe was opened by the people who run Bella Vista Beer Distributor, so, as you can imagine, their selection is pretty expansive. However, they don't give you a discount for takeout beer. Normally, the price of a takeout bottle is 40% off the bar price; since you're not drinking it at the bar, you don't have to pay the bar tax. Apparently, the people running Hawthorne want you to pay them the bar tax simply for selling you the beer.

Moreover, the growler prices are astronomical. They want $33.50 for a growler of the Founder's IPA (not including the glass, which will run you an extra $15). A growler is not even a six-pack's worth of beer!! I wouldn't ever consider paying $33.50 for a six-pack. I could just go to the Devil's Den (during normal hours) and order six pints for less money... or, better yet, buy a case of beer! I just don't understand what their deal is. Sorry for the rant, but I just came home with three 12-ounce bottles of beer for $17.50 and I am steaming. The prices of their single bottles aren't marked, so if you decide to go in there, just be careful. Rant over.
I am so thrilled to see Hawthornes back up and running after their fire last year. I've been back twice for brunch since they re-opened and, dare I say, I think it may be even better than before?! 

There is now wine by the bottle plus Bloody Marys and mimosas! This girl is happy. On my first visit back I ordered the SOS - cream chipped beef on toast. Looks terrifying to the unfamiliar, tastes amazing to anyone who grew up eating it! The second time I ordered Juan's Big Burrito, minus the tortilla. So basically I chose my ingredients (cheddar, onions and bell peppers) and had some scrambled eggs with all of the extras from the burrito on the side (sour cream, avocado, salsa). This came with a heaping side of homefries. It was awesome!

I've checked out their dinner menu and I'm excited to give that a whirl. Welcome back!
We just left Hawthorne. I had ordered a pumpkin beer which both my husband and I found vile. I sent it back. At the end of our meal, i saw that the beer was still on the check. The man ( i think the owner) explained that he couldn't take it off because the beer was perfectly good and it wasn't their fault that I didn't care for it. I asked what would happen if i ordered food that wasn't to my liking. he said in that case, they would make something else. But i was not offered another beer.
so i paid the $7.00
the shame is that for the cost of the beer, wholesale, he could have created good will and kept a customer happy. Now- I wont go back again. There is simply no reason to be so chintzy. It's a pity. I live in the neighborhood and have eaten there many times.
My friend came from out of town, and we came here for brunch, and it is the cutest place!! The decoration and atmosphere is super quaint and brunchy and the employees were all very friendly. 

My favorite part of this place are the hash browns. They are BOMB. My friends couldn't finish their meals, so I took home all the leftover hasbrowns and I was so happy come dinner time. For my meal, I got a vegetarian breakfast sandwich, which was also delicious! I think next time I would ask for a different bread, the bun wasn't the freshest, but I like that they give us options. 

In the back, there's a whole refrigerator area with fun beers, and you can just go back and grab what you want. 

If they did bottomless mimosas for brunch, it would be perfect!
Hawthornes treats their customers terribly. We hired them for a wedding rehearsal dinner. They sent us an email notifying us that the event was canceled, and they kept the $600 deposit. We sued them and won. They still haven't paid us so we're going to have to start a sheriff sale to get the money we won in the judgement against them.
It was innocent curiosity at first. Then we fell heads over heels with every bite. Hawthornes Biercafe is a foodie's dream comes true. You'll ask yourself, "Why have I not been here before?"

This beer café is located in the heart of South Philadelphia, boosting an impressive list of beers: over 1,000 single bottles, 12 specialty growler fills, and 11 rotating drafts. If you're a beer and brunch lover, this is a match made in heaven. 

After a 15 minutes wait, we were greeted with a warm, welcoming smile. Our bottle of champagne was promptly prepared for our mimosa (delicious fresh OJ). We licked off clean the following dishes:

The Crabby Dick ($15): Firstly, the portions are quite generous. Secondly, it looked to die for. Made with homemade jumbo lump crab cake sandwiched inside an artisan brioche bun topped with two poached eggs, hollandaise sauce and spicy chipotle aioli. Pure food bliss.

Steak & Eggs ($14): Served with two perfectly cooked sunny side up eggs paired with amazingly tender braised short ribs, stacked with tomato & freshly made Claudio's mozzarella, along with arugula & some balsamic reduction. Quite divine. 

The service here was excellent. Our server treated us like we were best friends forever. We truly felt the genuine kindness. I'm not exactly sure what happened with the service in the past, but on this Sunday, it was top notch.  

So grab your sweetie, loving parents, or old friends over to Hawthornes Biefcafe, and you'll have a wonderful experience over stellar food and beer.
Hawthorne's was a delight. Our waitress was fun, and the Salmon BLT (sans the bacon for me), was delicious, and perfectly cooked. Very cute, rustic interior, perfect brunch location, and strolling distance to the Philly Magic Gardens!
Hawthorne's can kiss my ass.

My friend made a reservation for 12 of us after the Broad Street Run. They told her they don't normally take reservations, but they'd make an exception and accomodate us since it was a special day. They took her credit card number down and we made a reservation for noon.

FIrst, they told her that the reservation would only be for an hour. What restaurant tells a party - regardless of size - who want to come and spend a large amount of money that they will have a limited time to eat? Personally, I'd have made reservations elsewhere at this point.

As tends to happen with large events like this, we wound up about 30 minutes behind. At 11:30, my friend called and said we would be getting there at 12:30, and they simply told her that would be no problem.

Shortly after noon, the rest of our party starts to show up and are told they can't be seated until everyone arrives. They also neglected to say on the phone (as we learned later from the friends who arrived) that if we got there at 12:30, they would still push us out at 1.

Despite what was said on the phone, when we arrive at 12:20, we're told they gave the tables away at 12:15, and there will be a wait to be seated - and we probably won't be seated togher. To make up for the inconvenience and complete lack of communication among the staff, we were offered some glasses of water.

We walked out and walked up to Marathon Grill at 10th and Walnut where they were very happy to seat us and have our business.

tl;dr: Took our reservation, said no problem when we called to say we'd be late, gave our tables away, told us we'd have to wait and wouldn't be seated together, offered us water
I couldn't decide between 3 and 4 stars for this rating, but based on my most recent experience I think I need to not stretch the truth with a 4. I like this place and I'd say I am a fan...but only if I was already nearby and couldn't decide on somewhere else to go.

I've never felt very welcome at Hawthorne's even though their business is perfectly aligned with my personal interests. I feel like if anyone from the business reads this, they're just going to laugh it off..but I'll share anyway.

I stopped in last weekend with a friend I hadn't seen in nearly two years. It was her pick for brunch. I arrived first and put my name on the list for a table. A second later my phone lit up and said to check in. They don't seat until all parties are present, but fortunately she walked in a few minutes later.

For drinks, I ordered two for us to share -- a cider and a sour. It turned out the sour had kicked, so my friend chose a beer that their "sour guy" recommended to her. It was one I'd had before, so we didn't share after all. I was a bit miffed that she was treated like the only sour fan from that point on. The guy even gave her a full size sample of some pour by The Bruery. I would've liked to try it too, and I kind of wish he had considered that two people were seated at the table.

For my meal, I ordered the 11th Street Omelet without peppers. When it came out, there were two peppers placed atop the omelet. I explained that I asked for it without peppers and the lady kind of blankly stared back. I said peppers make me very ill, and she said there weren't any inside of it. It was a garnish.

I pointed out that the pepper juice was on the omelette itself and she made no move to fix it or apologize, so I scooped them off myself and hoped for the best. Fortunately I didn't get sick, but they should really be more sensitive to diner's diets. The omelet itself was very good.

Near the end of the meal, our main server who had been a hoot up until that point, asked if I needed a neck rub because I looked so tense. I wasn't tense. I have diagnosed back issues so I guess I don't always look normal. That just made me feel really self conscious and out of place. So really, don't go unless you're in perfect shape with no health issues, I guess..?

Their beer selection is fairly stellar. In the past they've hosted some incredible beer events. I even had Sip of Sunshine on my birthday in 2016.

I'm not writing this place off, but it will probably be a while before I return.
After hearing about this place opening I thought to myself i will give them 2 weeks to get everything in order before finally going in.  After working in the food industry for the better half of 10 years now i know that judging a place the first week it opens is downright cruel.  No matter how many soft opens or numbers you crunch there are just some things that can not be accounted for, and I typically will give a place 2 weeks of being open to the public before going in.  That being said, i waited 3 weeks and figured it was finally time to give this place a shot.  I was thrilled beyond belief to hear of a place opening close to me that would be similar if not better(from what i was told) that the foodery.  guess what, it was not.

At first glace the place looks fantastic, I will give credit to who ever designed the interior.  It is a warm, comfortable place with a fireplace and plenty of seating with enough space in between not to feel cramped.  After stepping in the front door, I saw the magical luminescent glow coming from the beer coolers and was taken directly there with almost a supernatural force as i could feel myself almost drooling at the selection.  Everything was well organized and divided and fully stocked with an amazing selection.  but where are the prices? can i scan them myself?  can i look them up on a touch screen (like at the foodery)? is there a printed list of prices somewhere? does the kid behind the counter know the prices?  no, no, no, and no.  Actually, the kid behind the counter didn't even know what kind of beer i had brought to the counter to price check, let alone could he have offered ANY suggestion at all.  completely useless in the way of beer knowledge.  
I brought 4 bottles to the counter, all of which i have had before and loved, to check on the prices which i could not seem to find anywhere.  after scanning the first one i thought, well, that is a little high...over a dollar more per bottle than we sell it at the bar i currently work at, then the second one, a hitachino white...7.75 for the bottle.  I thought that it was wrong so i had him check again, i was not wrong.  I was stunned.  I wanted to take out a rape whistle and scream for help, how could they do this to a loyal customer base from bella vista?  I took the other two bottles back and settled on water, the prices were down right criminal.  not only is the foodery VASTLY cheaper, but the staff is super friendly, always helpful, very knowledgeable, and always willing to help make a suggestion or assist in putting together a mixed six with suggestions from other beers you have liked in the past.  this place totally dropped the ball of ANY of that.  
I will admit that there is a HUGE problem in PA in general with the taxes, and the LCB, and i realize that some of the stuff in there is hard to find, but when i buy 6 packs of PALM in NJ or DE and only pay 7.99 for a six-pack, i sure as fuck am not going to pay 4.25 for a single bottle!  The markup on their bottles is flat out offensive, charging MORE than almost any bar even in center city or rittenhouse for something that I'm taking out?  you have got to be kidding me.  i will NEVER buy beer there until they take their heads out of their asses and their fists out of their customers asses and rethink the prices on almost their entire selection.  
in reflection, If i have to buy beer in the city i will never go to hawthornes, and i would suggest unless you want your wallet emptied and experience bleak and bland to stay away. For now I'll stick with the foodery, who still have slightly high prices for some things, but are still more reasonable than hawthornes, plus what the foodery lacks, which is not much they make up for it in other aspects...LIKE CUSTOMER FUCKING SERVICE.
I hate to see this place crash and burn, given how much I loved it these last few months, but these last few visits have had their bumps and glitches, and today's visit sealed their fate, in my eyes. 

We were informed of a 45 minute wait when we arrived--not a big deal nor a surprise on a busy Sunday morning. But while the others waiting ahead of us had coffee and other beverages, we were offered nothing. And, an hour later, when we finally were offered coffee, it never came to us. So, we wandered around towards the back of the store, browsing the beer selection, and then made our way back towards the front as the crowd started to thin out. 

But as the tables turned over, we couldn't figure out why we were still not being seated. Turns out, there was a large private party coming in, but I wish we'd been told of this. Hawthornes revealed themselves to be really ill-equipped for such a large crowd, in addition to full service for their other patrons. The service we received once we were seated was incredibly poor, and completely unapologetic. Our waiter's response to a request for a side of toast while we waited to order was "I have 3 other tables. This is an uncharacteristic day. I'll get your coffee..." and then left. We should have, too.

Once our orders were taken, it was still a challenge to get the attention of our server, for basics: water; cream and sugar for the coffee; and some butter and jelly for the toast that accompanied our breakfast. 3 of the 4 of us were supposed to have cheese in our omelettes, but it was completely undetectable. And then, the bill:

You charged us for a side of jelly?! We had waited, patiently, for over an hour; received "service" that made us feel like we weren't supposed to even be there; and had several errors in our collective orders that were never acknowledged. I hope that surcharge, for a measly ramekin was worth losing the several hundreds of dollars we've been spending there, in food & beer. Not to mention the fact that this is no longer the "must try" word-of-mouth reference I've been telling everyone I can, up until now. When asked at the register how everything was, my father's response was "disappointing," to which the person at the register shrugged it off with a pat "sorry about that." If you're not interested in the feedback from your repeat customers, because you're busy enough where you don't think each party matters, you'll find yourselves with an empty restaurant, wondering why. 

Sh!t happens. But it's how you handle the sh!t that really matters. And this morning's experience left me feeling frustrated with a cafe that used to be a go-to fave. I won't be back.
I just came onto this page to write a review update and realized: I have never written a review at all! How could I have forgotten to write about one of the city's best places for brunch, beer and great service? 

Every time I go to Hawthornes I remind myself that I need to go more often. Their brunch is seriously awesome, and offered every day. The cream chipped beef is the best I have ever had, including my dad's. 

Last night, we made a last-minute decision to swing by for dinner since we were in the neighborhood. Unbeknownst to us, they were hosting a Philly Beer Week event with an Oscar Blues lineup and an awesome blues band. The large windows in front were wide open, and with all the pretty plants and flowers around, we could still enjoy the beautiful spring evening, despite being inside. 

Our server was great, very attentive. I wanted something light but still flavorful and she guided me towards the tilapia soft tacos. They were awesome, especially with a few shakes of Frank's. Homemade tortilla chips with pico and sour cream were served alongside and provided just the right amount of crunch. 

The best part about Hawthornes is the bottle shop, and the option to grab a beverage from the case to enjoy with your meal. The prices are still bottle shop prices, which puts most beers around the three dollar mark, which cannot be beat when dining out. 

In the winter months, the fireplace and seating nearby makes for a cozy place to hang with friends. In fact, I always thought of Hawthornes as more of a winter hang, but now that I've seen how lovely it is on a breezy spring night, I'm thinking this is just a great place to go year-round. Looking forward to my next visit, hopefully soon!
So I've been regularly coming to this place - and recommending it to others - since I tried it the first time back in June.  I am sorry to say that each visit has been worse than the last.  Today was the final straw that made me update my review here from 4 stars to 2.

Went with my GF and her parents for brunch at about 11:30.  We were told there would be a 45 minute wait.  45 minutes wasn't bad for what we were expecting... so we decided to wait it out.

What the hostess didn't mention was that there was a baby shower which had reserved half the restaurant.  In and of itself - no problem.  But there was definitely not enough staff there to cover it all.

We were seated after about 45 minutes as advertised.  Understanding they were busy trying to get the shower prepared we asked for some bread for the table to tide us over - we were turned down flat so solidly that it shocked the hell out of me. From that point on the service sucked to an almost embarrassing extent... especially considering how much we played up the joint to our out of town guests.

The food was just ok compared to normal, the waiter was curt, no attention was given to things like sugar, butter and creamer, we were charged extra for jelly, and they committed biggest sin any brunch place could commit - my coffee was empty for about 5/8ths the time I was there.  

Honestly - it felt like a place that has gotten popular enough that they don't need to impress anyone to get the business anymore... which is a really bad idea when you're located two blocks from Morning Glory and Sabrinas.

Bottom line - in brunch, growler and bottle sales I've spent enough money there that I'd be surprised if the staff didn't recognize me... and I still felt flat out ignored as a customer.  

It's rough when you find a pace you fall in love with and watch it go down hill... and I really want to love Hawthornes.  However this was my third bad experience there in a row. The foodery is easy enough to get to and there are plenty of other brunch spots so I really don't feel the need to give them my money in return for feeling like I put someone out by my being there.
Like everyone else who yelped a less-than-stellar review, I really want this place to work.  However, they have a lot of problems to work out.

I went to Hawthornes four times in the past week. The first time I went it was for brunch.  Food was fine, but nothing to write home about. Service was terrible.  He wasn't very warm, and when he dropped the check, it was done by saying something like, "Do you want the check now? Are you ready for it?"  This was ten minutes after receiving our food.

The next time I went was for take-out. The guy at the counter was great and smiley. My only problem that evening was not being able to call ahead. Why can't you call ahead?! This is annoying.

On my third visit, I came for dinner. When I tried paying for my card, the woman said there was a $15 minimum. I understand why places have a minimum, but - a) $15 seems pretty steep,  b) there are all these signs on how to order and what not, but no sign for the credit card minimum. so basically, the only way you know that there's a minimum, is if you get to the counter, ready to order some food or buy your single beer, and told you have to pay in cash because you don't meet the min, c) I had used my card the night before without any mention of a minimum for a transaction costing less than that, and d) the woman at the counter made a stink about it.

I went there this morning to get coffee. I waited in line for a while. When I got there, they had one size of coffee - baby. It was $2.16. I had to ask for milk. That didn't get me too upset. However, when I asked for a sleeve or something because the baby cup of coffee was too hot to hold, he hands me a napkin and says thats the only thing he could do for me. 

Grrr.
5 stars for theory, 0 stars for execution. Since this place is right around the corner and bridges two of my favorite things in the world (amazing beer and gourmet food) I really terribly honestly WANT to love it - though we can't always have what we want. For instance, I wanted to eat my brunch this morning in a timely manner, but that didn't happen.

This was my second trip to Hawthornes, but the first time I've had their food. Me and my roommate skipped down here anticipating the best brunch ever - we were SO EXCITED that this place was finally opened. We walked in and no one greeted us, ok you're busy, I understand. After one of the bussers cleaned off a table we had to almost physically stand in his path to ask if we could sit down. We sat down and waited how long for someone to come by? 5? 10? 15 minutes? After waiting 25 minutes without anyone EVEN LOOKING at us I had to get up to ask one of the servers if they were ever going to come over our way. The response was a rude "i'll be right over" hold the side of any sort of apology.  10 minutes later another server came over and took our order. We FINALLY got our food an entire hour after we sat down. Furthermore, there was no splenda or other sweetener on the tables for coffee. The food was really overpriced considering it was breakfast, and a mediocre one at that. All in all I can't help but give an incredibly horrible review. I want to love you Hawthorne, I really do, but you make it so hard. I'll leave this as a "to be continued" and hope for a better experience (and a re-review) next time.
Overall I appreciate Hawthorne for what it is. And I definitely understand and fully support it's potential. But holy hell are there some serious kinks that it needs to work out right off the bat!

As someone who's enjoyed what both Foodery's have had to offer for nine years now, I was fully psyched to see that there was another cafe opening up that offered similar offerings of the beer persuasion. I was especially interested since it was people who were experienced case sellers doing it (It's kind of like when I first saw people who I knew from Foodery selling cases - http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-beeryard-wayne#hrid:qp_XduRqekkc7kkYaN41jw/src:self). But when it comes down to it Hawthorne is just way too expensive for a lot of things. And compared to their veteran counterpart, there's way too many things that they execute horribly.

With a six pack that was well rounded for a little over $20, I did walk out with a better deal than Meredith did. But it was also due in part to the fact that that I was way too hesitant to pull out the mystery import that cost $8-10! In all my years at Foodery I've never once had that experience, but considering all the distinct and insane varieties that I've seen there, I know they would at least be worth it if I did. Why? Because although it isn't exactly in the best of spots Foodery does actually manage to catalog the bulk of their beer prices, and descriptions. And since Hawthorne has beers that are up there, they just might want to consider it too.

And also, since I'm on the subject of comparing Hawthorne to Foodery - What's up with those stupid and awkward baskets that you use for bottle holders? Correct me if I'm wrong but you're a place who gets the bulk of it's stock provided by a case place in Bella Vista Beer Distributors? And that gives you access to a virtually endless supply of six pack holders when you open your stock, that you eventually give to us at the end? So why not cut out the basket altogether, and give us the damn six (four) pack holders to fill! after all, if it isn't broken, why try and fix it? especially when it would have saved money for you.

But enough about comparing Hawthorne to Foodery. Because compared to places like Devil's Den and Dock Street, the prices for Hawthorne's growlers are absolutely ridiculous! the $15 per growler is cool and expected. but $19-35 for a growler fill up not so much. Just the other day I paid a little over $15 for Dock Street's ever impressive (and gluten free) Sudan Grass beer. I paid that much for a fresh microbrew! And a growler of one of Devil's Den numerous draft brews doesn't fall very far from that tree, and certainly doesn't go for twice as much. So comparing Hawthorne's Growler to a bar that's not very far from it, and a microbrewpub, is complete and total bull shit! well almost at least, because $19 for a growler of Nodding Head's beer (Nodding Head doesn't even offer it!) did sound mighty tempting. 

Long story short, although I didn't try the food yet (my excuse was when I walked in after nine I found out the hard way that their kitchen closed earlier. Honestly can't say whether they listed that or not, so that could be another flaw.) I do see the vast potential. I might not say that it rival's (here we go again) Foodery, although it certainly comes close. and it offers better prices for at least half of the domestics, and comes about right to the others. and I love the coffee beans that they sale (as soon as I remember the name they're getting reviewed since their from Philly!), and I love it being a brunch spot where you can get distinct beer offerings. But they need a lot of help in areas that are almost inexcusable considering how long they've been around the beer market. But they should be able to work  it out over time *wood knock*.
After a long day under the heavy rain, of having fun down South Ninth Street, why not escape to a sit-down nice spot. The birthday girl, Kathleen D, and I along with other friends, were eager to escape the busy Italian Market Festival, and I was getting han.gry!

Hawthornes Biercafé had everything I needed, with its friendly staff, great service and delicious meal. I ordered a classic Steak Frites, which was enhanced by truffle oil, and I totaly got my meat and potatoes fix.

FYI Hawthornes Biercafé, is  half eatery, and half beer shop (Really? Oh yes, they even offers growlers of beer to go.) So, I'm going back, maybe for breakfast/brunch on sofa next to the fireplace (... and now we're talking.)

Four solid Yelps.
We were looking to have a decent brunch before leaving Philly since we were in the area we found this place through yelp. 
Upon arrival we had to wait about 20 minuets we had a total of 6 people, no biggie we waited by the fireplace nice seating area. 
Once seated we stared w drinks Arnold Palmer & some water not bad. 
For my main dish I went with the Hawthorne burger nice piece of meat seasoned well topped with some blue cheese, avocado, fried egg & garlic aioli sauce comes w fries. 
Very good burger always enjoy the egg & avocado combo good fries a bit salty but not bad. 
My friends enjoyed the French toast very good small dish w some fruit the Crabby Dick was delicious great tasting crab cake good combo with the egg. Good as well was the Chorizo quesadilla nice twist with this dish. 
As for the restaurant itself nice small location, warm  welcoming decor. 
Our waitress was nice & attentive prices are decent in comparison, we enjoyed our meal.
Thanks to Hawthornes, I can drink beer at my favorite place: home. With one of the best take-out selections in the city, all it takes it a quick walk down 11th street to their beer'topia. 

Weekend brunch scores too. When a wait at Morning Glory or Sabrina's becomes too severe, Hawthornes has been a successful substitute. Never more than 20 minutes in queue. 

I'm a big fan of the french press coffee (over the drip) and also the bottle of water left at your table for self-pour. The pancakes are perfectly fluffy (actually better than those at Morning Glory), but I wasn't a huge fan of the South of the Border Eggs - I think it's due to the black bean salsa when I prefer fresh pico. Lunch is also great with the oven roasted meats for sandwiches and soon I hope to check out their dinner menu.
Have been to Hawthornes many times, and they have steadily declined in my ranking. Food is OK - not great but hearty and uncomplicated. Brunch is a big highlight, and we love their brunch food (even though there can be quite a wait). And of course they have a huge beer selection. My issue is the service and the management. While some of the waiters are great, others are fairly surly, verging on rude, and I just have no patience for that. Also, even though the restaurant attracts tons of families with kids (like me) some of the waiters clearly resent having to deal with tables with kids - maybe it offends their hipster, tattoos and piercings ethos. We ordered a plate of bananas in order to mash them up and serve to our baby. What came was a plate of sliced totally green bananas - hard as a rock and inedible even by an adult, so we sent them back.  My wife's sandwich was totally dry - was supposed to have pesto on it but had about an 1/8th of a teaspoon - barely discernible. When we mentioned this and asked for some mustard  or more pesto to moisten up the sandwich they brought a little dish of Dijon mustard. When we got our check we were charged for the bananas, even though we sent them back, and charged 50 cents for mustard. When we complained we were told it was their policy to always charge for mustard if it was not part of a sandwich when it comes out of the kitchen - what restaurant charges extra for mustard? And we were told as far as they were concerned the bananas were fine. The person at the register also said the manager was not around and that she had no authority to take anything off the bill. That's just bad management and bad customer service. Sorry Hawthornes - you just lost our business for good.
Woah. I don't understand how this place only gets 3.5 stars. I've been here a few times, both times before I was a Yelper, and both times before they served food. Let's make sure we're on the same page here... 

Before they ever served food, the concept was simple. "Welcome, enjoy our amazingly broad selection of beer. Enjoy it to go, enjoy it here. Mix and match without fear... do what you will, just enjoy our beer." That could have been their slogan... instead it's just something I made up, but still, I think you get the point. 

BEER! Lots of beer. Delicious, less than nutritious, but yummy. And from all over the world! If you like beer, then even before this place served food, it deserved better than 3.5 stars. In the beginning, it was just bottles; now they also have draft. Pretty cool. 

That covers the "beer" aspect of Hawthorne's. A major plus, in my book. Let's talk about my most recent outing.

We arrive on the first beautiful evening of many to come this fall (also the first night of Monday night football in 2012). The tables outside are mostly  filled, which is a good sign. There are a few people seated inside, but well below full capacity. A few others are perusing the beer fridges, looking for their tasty treat.

Outside seems like a good choice. Server is friendly, articulate, and generally cool. I order a blueberry beer from one of the draft selections... don't judge me. She decides that in honor of the beautiful night, she'll go to the beer fridge to pick out a nice pumpkin beer. JACKPOT. Southern Tier's Pumking is INSANE. Get it and you'll know what I mean.

Appetizer: pierogie - what kind? Does it matter? They're homemade pierogies... and they were pan fried. D-lish.

Entrees: Hawthorne burger; short rib tacos

She got the burger... I think it was bigger than her head. Juicy and tender ground beef, with a fried egg, avocado, blue cheese, and a chipotle sauce on top... all served on a brioche bun. I shouldn't have to explain to you how amazing it was. Fries on the side.

The short rib tacos. Sensational. Next time I'm going to try the baja tacos (read: fish tacos). 
 
I hadn't eaten much all day, so I was a little buzzed after a few beers, but this buzz didn't impact my decision. The incredible weather, impressive beer selection and our outstanding choices, and dynamite food make this place a new Philly fave.

Get down to 11th and Fitzwater to visit Hawthorne's right  this second... why are you still reading? Leave! Now!
I think I've found my newest spot. As others have doubtlessly mentioned, being an offshoot of Bella Vista beer distributer, their selection of said beverages is superb. Like a wondrous grown-up fun house, each door has a theme based upon location or seasonality. My one complaint, as others seem to agree, is that the price for aforementioned drink is a little higher than one would expect. But it's not as much of a deal breaker for me as others seem to feel.

As great as an expansive beer selection is, the sandwiches (or at least what I've tried) offered are also delicious. I had the Mucaroo (a name I'll incorrectly pronounce approximately four more times till I get it straight), was a delightful roasted turkey, brie, arugula, and dijon mustard ensemble served on warm ciabatta bread. Watch out for the last few bites, that dijon packs a punch that'll clear your sinuses and perhaps tear ducts.

After my intrepid companion and I finished up our meal, I inquired as to a cup of coffee and was further pleasantly surprised by the potent brew of Ethiopian java brought to me. Much like the dijon, keep an eye on that one, it'll sneak up on you if you let it.

The mood & decor is somewhere between laid back coffee shop and ski lodge. Though the latter could just be my knee-jerk reaction to a working fireplace. Big enough to seat a decent crowd but still maintaining a cozy, autumnal atmosphere.

To conclude this lovefest of a review, I'll offer an anecdote that I think sums up my inaugural visit to Hawthornes. While sipping away at my coffee, a gentleman with the swagger of an owner came by our table to ask how our meal was and if he could get us anything. I asked if I could trouble him for a glass of water and my man returns with a jug and two glasses. From start to end, the whole experience went above and beyond what I expected.
waking up to the sounds of pouring rain (amplified as it hit the metal window AC unit in my bedroom) on a saturday morning is typically a signal to close my eyes, roll over and go back to sleep. but on this particular rainy saturday, i had a brunch date at hawthornes, so sleeping the day away was, sadly, not an option. driving in the rain from the burbs to QV, i kept thinking to myself: this had better be worth it!

thankfully, it was not too difficult to score a [free] parking spot nearby, and by the time i parked, the heavy showers had turned to a light drizzle - things were looking up, and i was hungry. running late due to the inevitable traffic caused by inclement weather, my friends were already seated by the time i arrived - hot coffee awaiting me (yessss). i opted for the regular drip, tho note that hawthornes also offers french press, and all coffee is advertised as fair trade.

caffeine working its magic, i turned my attention to the menu. it looked like a lot at first glance, but once i ix-nayed the more lunchy and sweet options as well as the bagels, i was left deciding between an omelet or south of the border style eggs. i went with a spinach, mushroom & goat cheese [egg white] omelet which came served with rosemary & roasted pepper laden homefries and multi-grain toast. those were some seriously tasty taters, and the over-flowing omelet didn't disappoint either. good thing i came hungry!

tho not tops on my list for brunch with so many other places in town, i would definitely head back again, as well as give the lunch & dinner menus a try. i feel lame not even mentioning the beer in this review, but the other 80 reviews pretty much have that covered.
I've checked out Hawthornes off and on since they opened last year.  And I had hoped it would get better - it hasn't.

I know nothing about the food here, so I won't comment on that - I am a beer guy, and Hawthornes makes itself hard to like.

It is certainly the most expensive bottle shop in the city, which doesn't make much sense - considering the location and relations to Bella Vista.

The selection is ok - but skews very heavily to the Bella Vista family of beers - seemingly to the detriment of the other great beers and breweries we can get in the Philadelphia region.

The growler concept again would be fantastic - if the prices were anywhere near reality - and what's with the glass price - aren't those things like $5 everywhere else that has ever sold them.

Finally, it's the attitude towards the beer that gets me more than anything else - a certain arrogance not to expose a new craft beer drinker to great beer - but to rip them off at every opportunity - this is not the spirit of american craft beer.

So, go to the Foodery, go to Brew, and go to Food and Friends to buy great beer - they embrace the craft beer ethos and embrace the customer, alike.
"Easy reading is damn hard writing." - Hawthorne

Hawthorne's writing was not accidentally brilliant. Time, effort, thought, and booze were all key ingredients; and I would argue that homage is well paid at his namesakes' cafe.

Thought has been spent on every part of the cafe, but let's start with the beer.  The draught list is outstanding, always representing a broad range of styles and flavours. The fact that they always have a sour (On Tap!), speaks directly to the Urquart soul.  The fact that this weeks sour is somewhere in the neighborhood of 11% is an added bonus!  Other staples (stylistically) also residing on the beer compendium are an IPA, and a "dank IPA". You just need to get a nose full of the "Dank IPA" to get the reference. Good show here.  If you'd rather a bottle, selections from every country, and in every style, line the back of the cafe.  Just walk up, take as long as you'd like, and settle in for a brilliant evening. 

Speaking of settling in, it is quite easy to do so at Hawthorne's. The atmosphere is decidedly European, and serves as a nice respite from the usual cultural vacuum that is south Philly.  Lady Mary loves the real fireplace, and relative privacy of a table (instead of sitting at a bar); so points awarded for making the Lady happy. I also find the fireplace a draw on a cold evening, and appreciate the staffs' friendliness & knowledge of beer. 

'Why only award four stars then, Urquart?' you may be saying to yourself. My only critique has less to do with the cafe and more to do with the clientele. Why are there so many infants at a Biercafe? When did taking a child, still in a pram, to a bar become acceptable? I don't care to have a pint and discuss thomas the tank. If I want to vociferously voice my dislike of Thatcher, or damn the French, I want to be able to do so without receiving looks of admonishment from parents of beer drinking children. 

Loose the alcoholic children, and Hawthorne's is 5 stars.
Always delicious. 

Brunch on Saturday when I was approaching Level 5 hang-er and hawthorns seated us right away. My boyfriend was grateful because if there wasn't food in my face immediately canibalisim was the only alternative. Crisis averted. 

Coffee was on point. Mint chip pancake special. I'm an official convert. That shade of green was unnatural almost off putting. Sounded suspect until I took my first magical bite. Glad I dove in anyway. Had steak and eggs to boot and they were everything my little heart desired. 

As they got busy the service was a little slack but the food outshone the service. This is a must do and the perfect hang over cure. 

The love affair continues.
I stumbled upon this place searching for somewhere new to take the wife for an early bday brunch. After viewing the menu and the fact that they serve drinks all day, i couldn't pass it up. 

To be located in South Philly, parking was pretty easy to find on a Thursday early afternoon. As soon as we walked in it was hard not to notice the homey log cabin feel you get. The food tho.....lawd. Lets talk about it!! 

I ordered the house breakfast sandwich loaded with chorizo. I can't remember a time I've had such flavorful chorizo! There was a sweet n savory element that balanced so well with the salty (and damn near cooked to perfection) potatoes. The service was fast and efficient as well. I can't wait to come back here to try something else....with beer! Lol
My recent visit, Friday June 9, 2017, put a dent in the overall rating. The service was nice and just about everyone was all smiles and friendly, except the muscle bound guy who gave me a little bit of attitude when I was walking around  scoping out the selections of beer. 

The quality of the food was mediocre and could have been slightly warmer. I ordered the chicken and waffles topped with a poached egg. Not only were they kind of enough to put my egg on a separate plate, but it was fried exactly to my liking without me sending it back for a second go round. There are establishments where I dine frequently that still have difficulty completing this. I regret to say that it was served cold as if it sat on a plate while the rest of my items were being prepared. The chicken had a nice spice to again but again it was not hot, neither was the waffle. 

My mother ordered the pancakes with strawberries. I think it would be better served had the strawberries been used a garnish or a topping instead of cooked into the batter. Again, the same lack of temperature that plagued my dish was the same with the pancakes. In addition to our dishes being slightly cold, they initially failed to provide us with enough syrup, and whatever little they gave us had the texture of sludge; as if it was sitting in a refridgerator for an extended period of time and slightly getting to room temp.

The highlight of this dining experience was the Goose Island Bourbon County Rare being served. $7.00 for a one ounce sample, but well worth it.

I've dined here before and was only looking forward to my next experience. However it was not worth the wait.
Dining is an experience affected by more than just the food. The ambiance, the other diners and especially the customer service can all play a factor in the experience one gets from a restaurant. 

That being said, I never got to sample Hawthorn's cuisine. Despite having reservations we were forced to wait. The staff didn't communicate with us properly and the owner was downright rude to our party.

If the owner is rude to customers, what's stopping the rest of the staff. 

My experience at Hawthorns has been permanently colored by this, it's unlikely I'll return. I'm posting this review as a warning to other's who find service as paramount as the quality of the rest of the restaurant.
Go here if you want a good selection of beer.

Skip it if you want good customer service or non-overpriced food.
This place is the most unprofessional restaurant . The meal are way over price ,the food has no flavor it is bland . The owner only care about how much money they are making and nothing about the customer and the service .
For filling up your growler and grabbing some bottles of beer this place is fine. But when it comes to the food, it is so terribly overpriced for what it is. An avocado chicken sandwich for $10? That makes no sense. If you substitute with vegetarian chicken, it becomes a $13 sandwich on wheat bread. That's just freaking crazy. A hot mess of chorizo, egg and potato for $13? Lame. Also, stay away from the fries. It's definitely not worth it to substitute fries for the chips because they are wet and soggy. 

This place needs a reality check on their prices. It's more expensive for lunch than Barbuzzo and other places that know food. I'm just clueless on why the food costs so much when they're making plenty of money on beer and their budget for decor (country kitchen meets Pier One Imports) is minimal.  It's like being trapped at an amusement park (having a great time enjoying the rides of beer) and having to order crappy, overpriced food. Blows.
Came by Hawthornes on a frigid day and was very happily welcomed by its literally warm environment. Brunch and a fireplace? Count me in.

Hawthornes is extremely unique in its floor plan. I love the table seating, as well a as a lounge-like area complete with couches to enjoy a beverage of your choice ranging from coffee to something in the adult category from the refrigerators in the back. 

They have a "Bottle Shop"-like selection along the back of the restaurant with all types of beers and ciders for purchase. I'm not a huge drinker, but I couldn't imagine you'd leave here unhappy with their variety of choices.

The food was also damn good. My friend went with the French Toast, which they rave about. They say it is more casserole-like and like nothing you've ever had, in a good way. It remind me more of cake than French Toast, but they don't give you too much where you feel like a pig. It comes with a nice syrup to complement its cinnamon hint. 

I ordered a breakfast sandwich with potatoes that was nothing out of the ordinary. It was above average, but I'd like to go back and try something else. The potatoes were very good. 

This is a great place, great location, and certainly a great place to keep shelter (with plenty to eat and drink) in case this cold doesn't ever go away!
Unfortunately Hawthornes was a victim of a building fire this morning.  It started on the top floor, but a lot of water and smoke damage made it down to the restaurant.  I have a feeling it will be closed for a while, but hopefully they will be back, and better than ever.
I was looking forward to going here based on some friends' previous experiences. Unfortunately it was a huge disappointment. 

Hawthornes doesn't quite know what it wants to be.  It feels like the No Libs Foodery with an expanded dining area if it were in a new construction South Jersey strip mall.  It has zero character, with walls sparsely adorned with mismatched "art" that likely came from Marshall's. The front window panels that open up to the street and outdoor seating are nice touches, however. 

The beer selection is pretty expansive, but the prices on imports, particularly Belgians, is OUTRAGEOUS. Almost comically/insultingly so, depending on how you look at it. The domestic microbrews are reasonably priced for the most part.  The bottled beers are self-serve, and you have to stop by the register to "check them" before going back to your table. 

The food was a total joke. One friend had a tiny piece of fried cod over a bed of overly-salted caramelized cabbage. Another had a burger, which was tiny, especially considering it was $12. I had the open-faced falafel which came with 3 (3!) tiny falafel balls on a bed of onions, lettuce, cucumber and tomato, over a hummus that was so overly-salted it bordered on unpalatable, and a warm pita. I opted out of the feta.  A complete rip-off at $12.   The fries were soggy and limp  with grease. I barely wanted to touch them let alone put them in my mouth. The only thing decent were another friend's wings. Each member of my party had been to Hawthornes a few times before and all agreed it had gone downhill. 

When I'm out, I generally look for an experience I can't recreate for myself at home, which is why I rarely buy bottle beer at a bar (unless it's really good or hard to find) but instead look for places with stellar draught lists.  I can get a bottle of beer at home.  I can also make much better food than this.

The only positive I can give is that our waitress (for what little service there was)  was really nice. 


To sum it all up, I'd never go back.
So glad to FINALLY have a new bottle store in town!

I definitely had a different experience than Meredith.  Yes, the growler prices are a bit steep, but we were told that the drafts tend towards the rare and hard to find.  If that's your thing, then I get it.  That said, I'm happy with bottles.  Perhaps they'll adjust pricing further down the road, who knows.

Price-wise, for domestic craft brews, they're definitely less expensive than over at the Foodery.  I got a Gritty McDuff Christmas Ale and a Wolaver's Organic Alta Gracia Coffee Porter for $2.75 each.  The imports did seem a little pricier, but again, I get that - I usually drink domestic, anyway.

I haven't tried the food yet, but it looks like a solid menu of sandwiches, salads, paninis, and brunch.  They do french presses of coffee which is pretty cool.

I'm going to be a regular here.   It's awesome to have a drinking spot that isn't a bar - I could come here with work and not feel at all guilty doing it with a beer.  After all, it's just around the corner.
Came here in search of a good start to the day, after all, breakfast is the most important meal! We were somewhat disappointed initially as it took some time before we were recognized. There was literally only one other seating in the whole restaurant so they could not claim to have been too busy. This continued as we waited for drinks, for our orders to be taken and had to struggle to get the attention of any one of five staff members wandering around. 

We ordered the hot potato mess and the cinnamon swirl pancakes. The potato dish was tasty and plentiful as I felt there wasn't even a dent and I was full as a tick. The garlic hot sauce made the dish, without it, the flavor was lacking. The cinnamon swirl pancakes were sweet, as expected, and filling. What wasn't expected were the many flies buzzing around our tables. We counted four but could not count how many times we swatted them away from our food. Had to send some glasses and silverware back due to unknown objects floating in the water and plastered to the forks. 

Due to the lack of cleanliness and customer service, will not be returning here. Plenty of other great breakfast spots in the area where you can get your food with a smile, sans flies. Two "fly don't bother me" thumbs down...
I've never experienced such rude and insensitive customer service. My group (of 12!) walked out with out eating due to the owners complete lack of professionalism. No second chances can be granted when such obvious distain for cultivating pleasant customer relations is displayed.
Beer selection is ok, but the food.......OH MY LORD!!!.......the food is terribly overpriced and mediocre at best. I hear Green Eggs Cafe is opening up around the corner on 13th and Locust.  Can't wait for that cause they have great food, great prices, and huge portions. Better get worried Hawthorne's. Your gonna be losing serious business real soon if something doesn't change QUICK!
I didn't think I could gush over how much I enjoy this spot any more than in my previous review. Today that changed; as was the first time I set out for brunch and was once again impressed by the above and beyond service. I already know that the beer selection, sandwiches, and coffee are all top notch. I can now add the brunch menu and pleasant (& pleasantly cute) waitstaff to the list of amenities. Food was brought to our table (a service only offered during brunch) in a timely manner and our table was never left wanting of water or coffee. My eggs, home fries, and sausage were all delicious & my dining companion quite enjoyed his carmel apple quesadilla.

Now comes the above and beyond portion of the review. Shortly after ordering my final coffee to go, our waitress told us that our meal was gratis! Now I'm not saying you should go to Hawthorne's because if you're there enough they'll eventually comp your order, but it's just another example of the commitment the they have to ensuring customers (& repeat customers) have an excellent experience.

I had actually commented on how I didn't think Hawthorne's could impress me any further and yet again I was pleasantly surprised. A well deserved 5-stars.
I wasn't really a brunch person until Hawthornes.  Arriving in time to see the somewhat large crowd waiting outside for a seat instilled confidence that our choice was probably going to work out for us, even if the wait didn't.  After putting our names in, we decided to hang out by the bar for the 1st come open seating.  As luck would have it, that option probably cut down our wait by at least 10 minutes.

On to brunch, we loved everything we saw and heard about The Crabby Dick and also watched too many people order the Chicken Steak Special to not get one ourselves. Neither disappointed while both changed my opinion about brunch.  The Chicken Steak was easy to cut with just a butter knife and The Crabby Dick was totally loaded.  I'd recommend them both and won't begin to try and describe them, so better just check out my pictures.

Hawthornes also offers a small shop for beers in the event you're looking for a beverage.  Sunday morning isn't typically a time I start drinking, but their selection had me rethinking my decision.  Service was just plain awesome, with great opinions shared and honest advice versus trying to steer us towards more expensive plates.  

Word is already out that Hawthornes is great, especially for brunch, so I have no fear that recommending you visit will mean my spot in line is further back.  I know better now and will get here early for my return trip(s)!
I am so in love with Hawthornes, its palpable. I jump at the chance to brunch there anytime I can! Their menu has the basics, the not so basics, and the very creative (i.e. this months pancake is Mint Chocolate Chip). There is absolutely something to please everyone, with very fair prices. I have only ever gotten absolutely delicious food here. This morning I had 2 eggs over medium (perfectly cooked) with sharp cheddar cheese and a homemade biscuit with butter and raspberry preserves.  If I could, I would pick up one of these biscuits every morning. It was salty, buttery, and crumbly, like a biscuit should be!!! 

The inside of this restaurant is gorgeous. It has somewhat of a southern charm to it. When its nice out, they open up the windows, and you can bask in the sunshine and get the breeze without having to sit outside. 

This is truly my favorite place to brunch in the city. Hawthornes, you keep it real.
Breakfast was pretty amazing even when delivered through an app!   Cream chipped beef is a favorite of my wife's and we rarely see it on a menu.  When we find it it's typically gross so our expectations were low.  This place couldn't have surpassed our expectations further!   Pancakes, steak and eggs, everything good, coffee could've been better but 5 stars apart from that!   Def ordering again sometime
Went to Hawthorne's for brunch for the first time since moving to Bella Vista and really enjoyed it. I arrived around 10:45 am, and there was ample seating available. I opted for a table outside but had to wait about 20 minutes for my cousin. I was a little annoyed that they wouldn't seat me while I waited.

Once he arrived, we were seated outside. I ended up ordering a chorizo and egg quesadilla. Great choice. It was a little spicy and paired well with the sauce and sour cream. The accompanying breakfast potatoes were definitely the best part though.
The one and only time I went to this place, I was treated so poorly by the young guy working at the register (he called me an "idiot" for wanting one of the beers I had selected) that I left my six pack at the counter and walked out.  I don't think I will give it a second chance.
Health tip of the day: Head to Hawthornes and invest in your longevity. Quickly! :)

I love the format of the place, lots of craft beers and plenty of help selecting the ones you'd like. I haven't tried the food, but I am eager. The staff are super cool and friendly. It's just what the Dr. ordered...

don't believe me?
http://www.time.com/time/health/article/0,8599,2014332,00.html
The first star is a given.
The second star is for your beer selection.
But the stars end there because, Hawthornes, you are overpriced.

I've complained about you before, and I'll continue to complain until you offer competitive prices. Now, mind you, I'm no stingy bastard. I don't mind paying for quality food and drink. What I mind is paying 20% more than I would a few blocks away at Devil's Den, Royal Tavern, P.O.P.E., 1601, The Wishing Well, etc. I compare you to neighborhood bars because, let's be honest, you are a bar. Albeit one that closes at 10pm, but a bar no less.

Who do you think you are, Monk's? Eulogy? Because they're the only ones who will get away with charging $8 for a grilled cheese and $20-$30 for a growler of Victory. Devil's Den's food may be sub-par, but I can get drunk on the exact same beer for half the price, and I can watch the Phillies.

Hawthornes, you are in South Philly. I know you're trying to rebrand your neighborhood, and I might give you Bella Vista. Either way, your prices are Old City at best and Rittenhouse at worst, and you need to own up to it.

Your distributorship across the street is 10-20% overpriced too, and it's a shame. I love supporting local business, I really do. But when I see your owner pull up and double park in his BMW, I quietly root for you to fail.
We have been to Hawthornes quite a few times and it has been hit or miss but we kept going back because we really wanted to like it.  Tonight was the last straw.  We ordered wings tonight. When they came out they we all one piece (wing and drum bone still attached to each other) and still had the claw like thing on the end too. After deciding they were too creepy looking to even try to figure out how to eat them, I asked if they would cut them for me. What I got was a mangled  plate of chicken that clearly showed the chef's irritation at my request.  There were even bloody Bones on the plate. I asked the waitress to take them away because they were now creepy and disgusting. Not once was I asked if I wanted something else and they charged us for the food!  The quality of the food, the prices they charge and now, bad service are really disappointing. We really wanted to like you.
I had a really crappy experience last time I was here. Woke up late and decided it would be easier to go out and get some brunch. My girlfriend called ahead to see if there was a wait, and they said no. When we arrived,  to a nearly empty restaurant, we were told there would be a 15 minute wait. Confused, we both looked at each other and assumed maybe the empty tables were being saved for reservations -- we noticed that *some* tables had signs marked "reserved". We each purchased a beer and waited...and waited. We stood there and watched the hostess tell other couples there would be a wait.  We then watched her walk over to empty tables to rearrange chairs and move around the place settings.  She returned to her station and took down a few more names for the wait list. We stood there, nearly finishing our beers and watched this go on for another 10 minutes. We counted 16 empty seats and 14 people waiting.  IT MADE NO SENSE! 

Finally we complained to the cashier and she sort of apologized but that was about it. At the same time, we watched the hostess remove a few of the "reserved" signs, pull apart the tables and subsequently seat NO ONE!   By this time, we had finished our beers  and had decided to just go somewhere else -- but at that very moment the hostess walked over(maybe realizing our frustration) and told us our table was ready. She then proceeded to seat us in one of the empty tables that we had been staring at for the past half hour???!!!  The food was fine, but that hostess is a complete moron! We used to frequent this place quite a bit, and the owner always seemed like he cared a lot about everything. We didn't see him this time, but he should know this -- FIRE HER.
The interior is very comfy and has the feeling of sitting in a friend's dining/living room. With tons of windows and high ceilings it's a very airy space, and decorated nicely without going overboard. The menu has a lot of choose from and had a decent range of price options. We both got sandwiches, which were huge, and came with generous helpings of chips. The waitress was sweet, though came over a bit too often to ask if we were done; should've seen the still half uneaten plates and deep conversations and backed off a little. 

I really wanted to give 4 stars, but they lost it right at the end when the bill came. I ordered the turkey and brie sandwich, but don't like mustard and subbed the garlic spread from a different sandwich (which cost the same as mine). Well wouldntcha know, they charged me a dollar for the substitution. I asked the waitress about it, who said they tend to up-charge for everything and they don't tell the staff to warn patrons of it ahead of time (so consider this your warning). 

I got her to ask the manager why, if the spread were from two identically priced sandwiches, was I being charged $1; the answer she came back with was that the garlic spread was a premium item since they make it there, whereas the mustard comes out of a jar. I wasn't impressed that they sent the poor girl back to explain their reasoning rather than coming to tell me themselves, and that they didn't offer to waive the fee this time. Two things that would have been small gestures but gone a long way toward customer satisfaction and not leaving a bad taste in my mouth after what had been a relatively pleasant meal til then.
Had dinner here a few weekends ago and it was absolutely wonderful.  

We dined al fresco in the cool autumn weather and shared a bottle of the amazing Alesmith Grand Cru.  Service was attentive and friendly.  I ordered the Baja (fish) tacos which were AMAZING.  Seriously - full of tilapia, fresh pico de gallo, and a hearty serving of spicy sofrito rice.  These bad boys put the tacos at other more established "Mexican" restaurants to shame.  Stole a bite of a burger and some fries, which were also very good.

Hawthornes is definitely known for brunch, but don't skip over their dinner!
Really happy I thought of them this afternoon when craving a salad. While it's a fairly simple mixture of greens, carrots, cucumber, red onion, tomatoes, and chicken, I'm a simple girl, so this pleased the palate. A good and healthy lunch when it's what you're after. I'm pretty certain this is the only salad they offer, so don't go expecting a number of lettuce based options.
They have a variety of brunch options.  It was so hard for me to pick one!  I went with the Crabby Dick and I was very pleased.  All the dishes we ordered were great.  The staff was friendly.  The wait was decent - even though it was a busy Saturday. 
I've been here for dinner in the past and wasn't too excited with the menu.  However, dinner was good as well. 
Their brunch menu is so fun though.  I'll definitely be back to try something else.
Yasss! Simple no fuss, homey place for breakfast, lunch or dinner. They have both outdoor and indoor seating, the indoors is super cozy with a fireplace a high top table and counter seating. The menu has a great breakfast selection as well as brunch items. We have been here twice and it's been a big hit both times! 
I love the hot potato mess! The fried chicken and waffle is delicious, breakfast nachos are soooo good! 
Coffee is fresh and service is on point!
Brunchin Munchin! These brunch devours come from @hawthornesbeercafe ! Hawthornes is known for its why variety of craft beers and their infamous brunch menu. Every fall they hold an annual beer fest that takes up the entire 11th St. However due to COVID-19 this year they were unable to do so. They offer only outdoor dining. My server was new however she was very experienced and we went to the menu together which was pretty dope. However, I ordered the Caesar salad with fresh anchovies that was freaking amazing! Then I ordered the grilled lemon salmon with vegetables. The salmon was grilled to perfection with Lemon zest and seasoning. The salmon literally melted in your mouth. If you ever find yourself in South Philly and wanting a really dope affordable brunch spot please check out @hawthornesbeercafe ! Oh duh! Tell them Shimmy sent you! #brunch #mimosa #fish #salmon #salad #water #philadelphia #philly #food #foodie #foodphotography #foodstagram #foodblogger
I go in and the place is empty.  I wanted to sit by the window, but the hostess/register lady said i couldn't.  You'd think you would want people by the window when its empty, gives the place a good vibe from outside.

I finally get seated outside.  The waitress took like 15min to come to the table and i get greeted with "ya know what ya want?".  No specials, no welcoming, no tableside manner really.  I ask her for a berliner weisse in bottle and she had no clue what that even was.  I ask for a list of bottles and she say i have to get up and go look for myself.  I order a ceasar salad with chicken and shrimp and get up to self serve myself a beer.

Large and impressive selection of beer.  Everything was nicely organized and thoughtfully placed.  I grab myself a 1809 and sit down.

The salad took 30 mins to come out.  Nothing too great.  Very standard fare.  The rest of the menu was unimpressive as well.  Kinda wished for a higher caliber of food with the excellent beer.  You'd think with the competition in the Bella Vista area, they'd step it up a lil.

I ate my whole meal without being checked up on once, and made my way to the counter to cash myself out.  



Overall the whole experience was sub par.  Hope they shape thing up soon.  The place is beautiful and in a great location.
Hawthornes! I'm so glad you are back! The first time we came here, we had a wonderful meal and decided that this will be our neighborhood haunt, unfortunately it was on hiatus due to a fire.  

The restaurant is very cozy, the fireplace adds to the laid back vibe of the space. Two women actually came in grabbed a seat in the 'living room area' when we were there, they ordered some coffee and tea and cracked open their books, and were still there when we left!  I just love the casual tone of this place. Towards of the back of restaurant, there is a large refrigerator with every beer you can image! You can grab a six pack holder and pick out the brews you wish. (Just don't break up the six packs in the fridge!)

Tonight we came with our 18 month old son, we were a bit early for dinner service, but was offered a seat at the fireplace until we could place an order.  Our waitress was wonderful, one of the best servers we've had in a while. She was energetic, very engaging and very attentive.
I really loved the Shandy, it's a traditional European drink that is half ale/half lemonade. I tried it years ago while I was in England and haven't seen it offered in the states often, so I jumped at the chance. I'm not normally a beer drinker, but it went down pretty fast!

I was sold on the special, a Maryland crab chowder, it was chalk full of crab meat and clams, really great flavor. There was the perfect amount of spice to give it a click. The other special was the petit steak frites, my husband and I both ended up ordering it, which I immediately jumped on. Cooked to the perfect cool rare,! I was sort of wishing it was a full cut, because it left me wanting more. Although, I eat too much so it was just the right size, I felt full but not overstuffed. the side of truffle fries was delicious, crispy which a hint of parmaesan and truffle oil. My DS loved it and was fighting me for them, they also have a nice kids menu, which is not listed on the actual menu; of my son's staples, plain mac and cheese, cheese quesadilla and grilled cheese.

I've heard from other parents that this place is the place to go for Sunday Brunch in the area. It's kid friendly and serves great food.  In fact, we already have a brunch date for next Sunday! I can't wait to tackle that Brunch menu!  I love that Hawthorne's has picked up right where they left of without missing a beat! Great comfort food, there's something for everybody!
After successfully dropping off a uhaul truck in So Phila, my mate and I decided to celebrate with a beer at Hawthornes.  We got a few snacks, too.  First, the beet fettucini (or linguine, I can't remember).  It was pink like a beet, but didn't realy have a beet-y taste.  The pesto sauce was, however, very fresh and flavorful.  We also got a cheese & meat plate.  The soppressata was awesome!  I just wish there was more of it on the cheese board.  They had some decent cheeses, too, that were distinct and flavorful.  

The beer selection was decent, and I love that you can shop for your own bottle among the huge selection.  I will say that some of the beers seem pretty pricey.  For example, a bottle of Bourgogne de Flandres will run you about $8, but at Eulogy, it's $6-7 I believe.  

I'd love to snag that fireplace seat with a group of friends; otherwise, the restaurant is a little bit cold, in terms of, not feeling as homey as those select few who get to cuddle around the fire.  Makes me jelly.
Lost my business. I've been here many times because its convenient and the food is nice. Today I called to reserve for 8 people and the guy told me they don't take same day reservations...but go ahead and stop by and maybe there will be room (p.s I asked for Monday at 6pm...probably not the busiest time for most restaurants). When I asked if he'd rather not have garaunteed business from 8 people he said "yep, that's our policy"....no real explanation just "that's our policy". Well too bad you just lost gauranteed revenue of $300-400, that's my policy!
I want to like Hawthorne's, truly I do. I like the  concept ("bier cafe"), the decor (and who doesn't like oj in a mason jar?), the staff is all seemingly friendly however the overall experience is inconsistent. Hawthorne's is a bit larger than other brunch spots in the city and they also have outdoor seating but you will still have a wait (Average 10-20 minutes for a 2 top).

 If you haven't already been to Hawthorne's, check out their online menu - their selection all sounds drool worthy however what is actually served is not. The final straw being brunch this past weekend in which I ordered the steak & eggs (served with a mozzarella salad & balsamic vinaigrette). The steak was well and tender but the over easy egg was over cooked around the edges and under cooked near the yolk, practically inedible. Sorry but I'll stick to a brunch spot that can cook an egg.
Tried Hawthornes for brunch for the first time this weekend.  While I did not partake, the beer selection was as ample as I had anticipated based on word of mouth.  Surprisingly absent today was anything from my favorite semi-local brewer from DE however.  But beyond that, vast and varied!  Will definitely need to come back.

As far as food, the brunch was quite good.  I had an omelet  with sharp provolone and ham.  The provolone was indeed sharp, the ham delicious.  The side of homefries were some of the better I have had in some time, herby and combined with onions and bell peppers.  

My girlfriend went for the banana foster waffle, which was just decadent, dripping with syrupy sweet sauce and luscious chunks of moist banana, atop a perfectly cooked waffle.

So, good beer, good food...  why three stars?  I'm afraid that rests upon the service.  While our waitstaff was reasonably attentive and the biercafe was fairly vacant,  this meal for two with only coffee to start still managed to take considerably too long, approaching two hours.    So, keep that in mind when you visit.

I will go back, but perhaps for beverages alone next time.
Wow, I think I've found my new favorite brunch place in the entire city. Jared J and I wandered over here on July 5th, when everyone was conveniently still down the Shore for the weekend. As a result, hardly anyone was there at 9:30, although it filled up fairly well by the time we left. I loved the feel of the place--I believe the word "timeless" was bandied about.

JJ and I each quickly settled on the fried chicken and waffles ($14)--I was mostly excited because Hawthorne's serves the chicken and waffles with eggs Benedict (a large chicken thigh, one huge waffle, two poached eggs with hollandaise, plus a salad! So much food!). I didn't have to choose between my two favorite dishes and I was not disappointed by my dish at all. The waffle was very buttery and fluffy, while the chicken was crisp, yet still juicy. My eggs were poached perfectly, too.

I couldn't believe how fast the food came out. We waited maybe ten minutes before I was staring at the enticingly large chicken and waffles on my plate. Our server (Julia) was great and she or another server was always around to top off the bottomless coffee or our water glasses. We had no trouble getting our check (you pay at the counter--they only accept Visa, Mastercard, or cash) and then we were back on our way. I was so full that I didn't eat again until the evening.
I should begin by noting that we went to Hawthornes for brunch at 10:30 on a Sunday - it's gonna be packed and busy.

Our table got the fried chicken and waffles, the breakfast nachos, the chorizo and egg quesadilla, and a poutine dish. This is just being nitpicky, I understand, but there was something that just wasn't right about any of the dishes. The quesadilla was soggy from all the chorizo oil, the breading on the chicken completely peeled right off as you began to cut it, and the poutine dish was a mess and would disappoint any true Canadian (or someone who has visited Canada).

Additionally, the service was below par. Again, I totally understand it's brunch on a busy Sunday morning but the table wasn't set up properly (missing utensils, napkins, and/or cups for each person), no water refills during the whole time we were there, and our table was cleared for 15 minutes before the check came.

End of the story - there are better and worse places around. Hawthorne's is fine but nothing to write home to mom about.
Went to Hawthornes for my birthday brunch! I ordered the south of the border and added chorizo! It was AMAZING. Portion size was definitely generous and the homefries were amazing. Atmosphere is really cozy and our service was spectacular. Would definitely comeback.
Hawthornes is a cute brunch spot in South Philly. I stopped by at 10:00 on a Saturday morning, and there were tables available immediately, which is highly unusual on the Philadelphia brunch scene. While waiting for the rest of the party to arrive, I grabbed a cup of coffee from the counter (free refills!) and perused the extensive wine and beer selection.

Once seated, the service was attentive. There were so many good options on the menu that I had a difficult time choosing. I ended up splitting the Crabby Dick and the Hawthorne omlette. Both were excellent! The Crabby Dick was almost like an eggs benedict with a crabcake. It came with a chipotle aioli that was perfect for dipping both the crabcake and the homefries. The omlette was really good as well! The eggs were some of the fluffiest I've ever had, and the short ribs melted in my mouth. Everyone in our party left the restaurant full and satisfied. 

I'll definitely be back at Hawthornes in the future. I definitely want to try their cocktails, and I'm already excited for the next brunch!
Finally, something on 11th street on this side of Washington.  You have all those pho joints, Carmen's, Devil's Den, etc etc etc, on the south side, but once you cross...there's a CVS.

I came here and ordered a Ladder 98, recommended by the guy behind the counter, with my instruction of a vegetable sandwich.  Although I wasn't crazy about it, the panini  bread was good.  I think the spread or cheese threw me off.  It came with what looked to be homemade potato chips.  Their menu looks great though, and I'll be back soon to try another sandwich.  I love the set up here.  There's a couch fireplace area, beer fridges towards the front, and just a nice general warmth about the place.  

Note to self: try brunch here too.
The Good: The FOOD. Seriously this place has so many options and they are all delicious. I got the funnel cake French toast. I loved every second of it. 
The Bad: The service. At least our service. Our waitress was giving off serious apathy. When we asked if a dish was vegetarian she responded "if nothing sticks out to you..yes."... I mean really? If nothing sticks out? Foods are sometimes cooked in meat fat...which does not have to be listed and renders a dish not vegetarian friendly. There where no vegetarian signifiers on the menu so I would expect my waitress to know this. When we asked what the house sangria was she said "I guess it's white..it looks white." ... Wut? You don't know? It's like she expected us to serve ourselves and investigate everything on our own. 
I really hope Hawthornes takes the time to train their servers better.
Get your bottle of champagne and head over here for weekend brunch.  Affordable, delicious and so homey inside. 

Despite the tiny dining room, they do surprisingly take reservations.  I came here with a big party and called far in advance to schedule it.  Next time, I'd probably go with a smaller group, just because there isn't a lot of seating.  Large beer selection and great spot in the wintertime to sit beside the fireplace, put your feet up with an adult beverage of your choice and some eggs benedict.
Despite the apparent popularity of this place and the prime brunching hour, there was absolutely no wait on a spring Saturday at about 1pm. 

This place was on my radar because it was high up on the yelp search list of "bloody mary". The presence of "breakfast nachos" on the menu sealed the deal. 

We were seated on a 2 top in between 2 other couples. Immediately ordered a bloody mary as soon as the waitress graced us with her presence. I was going to harness my will power and order the 11th street omelette with provolone, (usually pancetta but I omitted this), roasted red peppers, and GET THIS: BRUSSELS SPROUTS! What the high heavens? Brussels sprouts in an OMELETTE? Honestly I'm the type of basic bitch that could literally bathe in brussels sprouts so I figured I'd give it a go in my chicken gametes. 

Because my girlfriend is both the best and the worst she suggested that we get the breakfast nachos to split. I mean really, am I going to say no to that shit? Chorizo on the side ofc.

BMs came in a standard amount of time. In a small (eye-roll) glass with like basically a salad as a garnish. I am particularly keen on those LITTLE BABY PICKLES. We've all encountered some little baby pickles of our own, amirite? BM was definitely not boring in the sense that it was super flavorful and especially spicy. Even though I love spicy I wasn't head over heels for them but they're definitely better than average. 

Omelette was good. Despite my adoration of brussels sprouts, I feel like they're a weird ingredient in an omelette. There could have (as always) been more cheese. Despite these criticisms, omelette was enjoyable. The potato cubes that come on the side were baked to perfection and seasoned wonderfully. The fuckign BREAD looked AMAZING. THICK and crispy and BEGGING to be slathered with butter. 

The nachos were disappointing. I liked the eggs on them but the egg clumps (sorry, lack of a better word) were too large and made enjoying them in chip spoonfuls difficult. The toppings (beans, salsa, sour cream) were scarce. Also there's supposed to be cheddar but looking at my photo I don't see any cheddar. Avocado is an extra $2.50. Initially when the waitress brought it out, she realized that it did in fact have chorizo in it so she replaced it. The delay required us to eat our actual meal before the appetizer. The nachos beleive it or not were probably not worth it and disappointing. The one highlight was the chips which were crispy and fucking delicious but I could buy tostitos at 7-eleven. 

At some point I actually asked for a vodka soda which never came. The waitress as a whole was pretty absent, it was difficult getting her attention and frustratingly so. It took forever for us to ask for the check and then quite a while to receive the check. This was annoying and really detracted from the whole experience.
Im torn between 4 and 5 yelps here... I want to give it five for the simple fact you can go to fridge section, grab a beer, and chill while you wait or while your sitting down.  The food is good, not always the best, but very good.  They always have some thoughtful specials going on, usually seasonal, that are sure to please.  Check it out, its solid... be sure to plan your attack, as with just about every brunch spot, if you go at the wrong time, you'll be waiting
Have gone there twice for brunch. Both times I've had the SOS. First time there seemed to be more gravy and less meat. This time it was the opposite. Not complaining, just saying. I just wish that potatoes come with the dish, not as an extra order. No lie, it is the best tasting SOS I've ever had (other times I've had SOS has been at 1 am after a night of drinking and sitting at a diner). The Fiance has ordered an omelet and south of the border eggs (not at the same time). Both times she has not complained. 

I like the french press for a coffee option. The potatoes have a lot going on, but in a good way. 

I am surprised that people have complained about service, because we have had great service. And each occasion was at different times during the morning.
First, I think it should be pointed out that the reviews on this place are tough to keep track of because there's such a disparity between the bottle/growler selection and the food. I'll try to sort the two out.

I'm giving Hawthornes 2 stars because of the bottle selection. It'd probably be 1 otherwise. 

The decor is really cool and they had on some good folky/americana music to match the feel. The chairs were fairly comfortable and the room wasn't too loud. The tables and chairs were pushed uncomfortably close together, though, and the tables were too small to fit even the small plates the four in my party ordered. 

Service wasn't good at all. I'm hoping that it turns around, because I want this place to work, but if the service stays the same it won't. Our server was indifferent, unhelpful, and rushed us through our brunch. Parts of our order were forgotten and  when we told them, it took ten minutes to get a bagel out. Then, when we got our check I had to weave through the tightly packed tables to pay. 

The food wasn't anything to write home about either. We had an assortment of brunch dishes,  which were good but not executed with the success of other brunch spots in the area. They were out of all bread but rye at 11 AM. And finally, the portions were small. 

To conclude, my biggest problem with Hawthornes is that they've failed to justify their existence in this neighborhood to me. Their bottle selection is great! But with the Foodery literally up the road and the distributor across the street, they need something to stand apart. Growlers could have been a step in that direction, but they're pricey! And the restaurant could have been good, too, but within a few blocks of Sabrinas, Fitzwater Cafe, etc. they better turn their service and quality around fast.

 I want Hawthornes to be good and I want to come back and give it a better rating-- but I lost the vision I'd hoped for.
I never went to the old Hawthornes. I will give them another try, but for how long I waited, the payoff was not there.
I don't know how some of you can complain about their "system"...would you rather not get a coffee or beer while you wait?  Is it too hard to pay at a register?  It lets them seat the next party faster. 
Beautiful restaurant I must say, loved the atmosphere.  
Anyways, the food. Mediocre.  Which is a shame because it looked beautiful, it came out fast, the portion was big and it doesn't look like they skimp on quality. But my biscuits and gravy just lacked flavor...the gravy tasted like cream and flour with a few sausage crumbles.  My breakfast just felt like all biscuit. I'm sorry, I feel like I am being such an overly harsh dick, but I was really dying for some bold taste.  Girlfriend said the same about her chicken and waffles. Dark meat chicken thighs fried up should be tender, juicy, like crack...they weren't bad, but the waffle was the same. I want a crispy, tender, chewy waffle. And basic ass fake maple syrup...damn. 
I'll give them another shot, and I'm so sorry again Hawthornes, but I call it as I see it...

TLDR:  Go to Devil's Den instead...DD crushes this place.
Been to Hawthrone's three times for the lunch, with each experience progressively worse. 

First time- very good. Very quiet in there, Saturday late morning. I got the homemade cream chip beef, my sweetie got the waffle banana foster. Outrageously good, even. We thought we had found our new go-to brunch spot. 

Second time- not so good. I ordered an omelet, cooked lightly, with ham on the side. The omelet came late (5 minutes after the rest of our partys' dishes) and was just way over-cooked. And, of course, the ham was INSIDE the omelet, not on the side. Inside of trying to re-order my omelet, I simply ordered the outstanding cream chipped beef I had previously. Unfortunately, it came out lukewarm, and about half the serving as before. And, I didnt have a fork, which took another five minutes to get.  

Third (and final) time- Brunch last Sunday. Pretty busy, people waiting outside. I go in to put my name on the list and someone tries to seat me in a just-cleared table. I had to ask if another party was before me. When we finally sat and ordered, the food was fine, good even.

It just seems like no one at Hawthorne's quite understands how to run a quick-paced restaurant. 

Also, the prices are weird. Some are good, cheap even. $6 for pancakes, $9 for a sandwich. Then there is the $2.50 for a bagel, $12 for a virgin bloody mary(!) 

I will give this place some time and go back in a few months.
This was the most unorganized event that I have ever been  to in a  long time.(Hawthorne Great Harvest Cider and Beer Festival) I mean it was total chaos. People were standing around this small area. Basically hip to hip. you had to stand in a line for everything.  they didn't even have a lot of beer vendor's The tickets was $5.00 a plastic cup.  l'm sure if you even stood in one line it would be over an hour before you reached the top and then be told we are out of beer. l have been to a lot of event's in my time but this had to be the worst ever.  Parking was a mess no one to direct people where to park. After driving for a while we found a lot. We arrived at a reasonable time. Around 3pm or so and no signs or anyone to guide you anywhere.  You had to figure it out yourself.  No programs to tell about the event.  A little map of some sort would have been nice. Good thing to enter this event  was free because we left after not being able to accomplish anything except for bumping into people. 
So we yelped the next nearest bar.  l'm so glad we did because we found a bar that was walking distance and we headed there and had a really good time. What a total waste of time if you like being squeezed in like sardines smh!!!
vegetarian sausage: yes.
stupid dope beer selection: yes.
people who actually KNOW stuff and don't treat you like a moron: yes.

I don't drink. But when I need a gift, or am baking with alcohol, I come here. They hold my hand, take time to talk with me and explain, answer questions, and send me off with confidence. I love them. ....So much.
So you walk into this place, right? Your eyes widen with excitement over the plethora of beers. I know mine did, at least. I want it allllll, allllllll of it!

I ask for help.... first girl at the counter didn't know what I was talking about, or much about beer. 

I asked the older man that was there, he didn't know either. 

The owner(??) was too preoccupied with selling the overpriced growlers to an older couple to help me out too. 

So I grabbed a 22oz bottle of a tripel (of what I don't remember) and purchased it begrudgingly. 

I haven't been back since, but whenever I do go back I hope I have a better experience.
Hawthorne's is definitely a smashing spot hidden in South Philly. The interior, especially now during the holiday season, is quite charming and quaint. The menu abounds with a range of options to please everyone (which actually means it's too broad, but I digress). I will say that the falafel is perhaps some of the best I've even had. 

However, some quirky policies really hurt this place from being a stellar establishment. For example, their beer pricing. For one reason or another, they've decided that the beer should be cheaper if you are grabbing it for take out than for dine in. The justification is that it incentivizes you to bring some home...but this has the reverse affect on many that I've talked to....which is, why buy the beer if you're eating in when it's $1-$2 more? What the owners should do is find a common equilibrium that offers incentive to both types of customers.
Hawthorne held it's promise, they're back and better than ever.  

After a long hiatus, they're back and running full steam.  I was here yesterday for dinner, the first night they were open to serve dinner.  As a neighborhood staple, I was so sad to see if go and have been following the updates on renovations and new open date.  I wouldn't miss the opportunity to be back opening week.

So let me start off with the old versus new, yes the old Hawthornes had it's charm of the rustic, cozy feel but with the renovations it's brought it's new updates to 2015.  They still kept the fireplace (hooray) with some modern additions and added new counters, more tables (booths), and restrooms.  It still kept it to what it was like pre-fire.

There was a bit of a wait the opening night but that was ok with me.  I browsed what new beer selections they had and on draft which help filled my time.  My table was ready and off I go to be seated.  Instantly I'm greeted by my server and ran through their menu items and new additions.  The service for how busy it was, was excellent.

The menus is still the same with a few minor tweaks.  I had the pork belly mac & cheese, the Fried Chicken and the Cheesecake Churros to end my night.

Pork belly Mac & Cheese - Totally new and updated from their old recipe.  It's creamy, it's shell pasta, it has crunchy breading flakes (panko perhaps?), and it has pork belly with a bit of a spice.  Not too spicy but a nice warming spice to add an additional YUM to the dish.  Highly recommend!!

Fried Chicken - Out of this world.  It was crunchy, it was juicy, it was flavorful and it was gone within 5 minutes.  The blue cheese au gratin potatoes are delicious and not too over powering.  I am salivating just thinking about it again.  

Dessert - Now they have a more extended option for dessert!  They have cake jars,  and various other to-go baked goods at a decent $3-$5 price.  I opted for the messy Cheesecake churro and my god I did not regret this at all.  It's more flakey eggroll than a traditional churro and filled with sweet, not overly rich cheesecake filling with a dusting of cinnamon sugar.  DROOL, and it was the perfect size to share.  It also has, what i believe is, a raspberry glaze to add a little tartness to the dish.  SO good! 

My overall feeling is I'm SO happy it's back.  This place was truly missed and no other place compares.
On my endless search for Ultimate Combination of great coffee & brunch, my brunch Buddy & I..decided to venture here. Looking to find new spot while driving around aimlessly for parking in Bella Vista & S.Philly area. It was St .Patty's weekend and Sunday wasn't any different. 
As we walked in they did have tables set outside, with sun beaming would be OK, with slight chill in the air. They said 25-30 min wait so we walked over to Isgro Bakery to kill time. By the time we got back it was perfect, sat us outside. Coffee-please. The Coffee was from Guatemala, blend they say was robust.Hmmm-We will be judge of it-if its good or Not. You did have choice of coffee press or regular brew. As got our coffee, & as we sipped it..OK..Robust, but it was an organic Cacao bean..it had hint of fruit , back note that I wasn't quite sure If I liked it or not. After couple more sips..It was better then Some other Brunch places, but still .." Just not right" We decided to home in on our savory palet today, with omelet , fontina cheese, chorizo , & goat cheese. It came with side roasted rosemary potatoes & wheat & sesame toast. It was cooked to perfection. AS you know , we split it-way too much for us two. All in all, still not right combo with OK coffee, but it did rank Very good with entree. I did see french toast on menu-but the place didn't scream like it was doing well with Sweet dish entrees to me. 
Hey 1 out of 2 ain't bad. Didn't want to strike out 2 for 2 -bad!!

For Beer Connoisseurs this is your spot, inside had cases self help for beer, all kinds micro brews, even had one with brunch & lunch menu .Lot of hipsters & locals came here. Our waitress was OK, just as chilly as it was, hard to get refill on mediocre coffee, we had to flag her down just get one. 
Ummm-not going to make the list on Brunch rotations for me!!
I think the best way to describe Hawthorne's is to say that it's the Foodery, if the Foodery was attached to a restaurant that wasn't gross.

A friend and I came by for dinner last night, a Thursday, and I can't wait to go back. The atmosphere is bright and clean and the staff is really friendly and attentive. We stayed for a long time and never once felt pushed to leave or spend more. 

The beer selection is really impressive. Hawthorne's has more than enough beers to keep you occupied for months. They break their cases up by country or region and they actually took the time to put signs up--something the Foodery should really do. I love that they leave it up to the customer to get their own beer. You won't get stuck waiting for a server to come back and you're free to take your time exploring the cases. The staff are more than willing to help you pick something if you're feeling lost.

My only complaint is the menu. The prices are great, but nothing really excited me. The food we ordered, fish tacos and a meatball sandwich, was delicious and I hear the brunch is out of this world. 

Overall, this place has a lot going for it and I can see it becoming one of my favorite places in the city. It's located perfectly which makes it a great place to meet up with friends who live across town. I can't wait to go back!
I checked out Hawthornes last night, and I'm glad this place opened up in my neighborhood.

The beer selection is very cool, they have nearly as many as The Foodery does.  There were some interesting choices that I haven't seen before, like a Watermelon wheat beer.  

I ordered a grilled cheese/ham/olive tapenade sandwich, and it was tasty.  The chips were homemade.  Nothing to go crazy about, but the food was well-made and hit the spot.

I think the thing I most like about this place is the atmosphere.  Very friendly.  I like that there are no waiters--you just pick a beer from the case, pay for it at the counter, and find a table.  It's actually kind of a novel idea.

It seems like a nice place to go with some friends and just hang around drinking interesting beers.  A bottle of microbrew will cost you as low as 2.50, which is cheaper than it would be at a bar.

One thing I would like to see is a way to figure out how much the beers cost before taking them to the counter.  I took up a beer that was $16.  I said "oh, didn't know it was that much, hold on while I go put it back."
Happy hour specials on drafts was nice. Outdoor seating was nice... Until we were kicked inside when our group got bigger than 8 (I get that, sidewalk space and stuff...)
BUT, when we moved inside, our group got larger, almost 20. In the corner near the fireplace. We weren't being rowdy. We weren't being rude. We were ALL ordering beers, some ordering food. And the hostess said that we weren't allowed to sit together. 
I don't understand what your problem was with us. There was plenty of space available and we weren't offending anyone. Just let us drink and have a good time.
We left to go to another place to spend our money, and I won't be going back.
I can only base my review on hawthornes on the smells and view of the food from the kitchen window, the beer selection, my drinks, and the service. That being said this place was a great experience. Drew is one of the few people that understand the meaning of good service. He was a sweetheart and very helpful when I made my drink decision. The other ladies behind the counter were just as nice so I can't take anything away from them but drew really got me.

On to the beer selection. Great. Tap list was mostly goose island selection which I'm typically not a big fan of but they had just had a tap takeover. So I went with a Bloody Mary which was amaze and then a jai lai IPA. Loved it. Tons of cans/bottles to choose from. Plus they offer a discount if you get "beer to go". 

On top of my experience there I truly enjoyed the vibe. If you're a foofy stick up ur ass type I wouldn't recommend. If you're a laid back food and drink lover, I would strooooongly recommend.
5 stars for beer selection and layout/design of the restaurant. Classy, crisp interior with walls upon walls of unique and affordable beers. 

4 stars for service. Our waitress was on top of it.

3 stars for lack of vegetarian options. My Haricot Vert Spring Salad, though tasty, simply did not have enough "stuff." Not enough almonds, not enough roasted garlic. Thank god I added goat cheese- without it, the salad would have been severely lacking in depth.

Tried some of the fish tacos, which were generous with the fish. I'd go back for sure, but there are other establishments in the area I'd like to try first.
Wow... and here I am thinking I've already had the best brunch in the city (Sorry Green Eggs, Sabrina's, and all the other kick-ass brunch spots).  Hawthorne's you are now my new favorite spot for so many reasons.  

I went on a busy Sunday afternoon, after stopping at Green Eggs but the wait was a little too long for my liking.  It took 10 minutes for me and a friend to be seated, and we were immediately greeted by a very friendly server who rattled off the specials and told us to help ourselves to their extensive "self-serve" beer selection.  And what a selection it is... and at such great prices, only $2.75 for Troegs DreamWeaver Wheat. (one of my absolute favorite beers).

After looking through the incredible variety of brunch options, I decided today would be the day I finally tried Fried Chicken and Waffles for the first time; and a special treat from Hawthorne's, they top each one with 2 poached eggs and Hollandaise sauce. (I also had the whole thing topped with Sliced Nova, it tastes great on Eggs Benedict).  

HOLY SHIT!  This was the most flavorful breakfast I've ever had.  The sweet syrup meshed so well with the extremely buttery texture of the waffles (which were cooked perfectly, I loathe burnt waffles) and the saltiness of the fried chicken.   I ate about half the fried chicken with the waffles, and the other half with the perfectly poached eggs and sliced nova.  I think mixing all these flavors together would have taken away from the individual flavors of the dish, and I recommend asking for the poached eggs on the side in the future to make it easier to split it up.  

I will be back for more Hawthorne's, I will be back often and eagerly awaiting your plates of greatness to satisfy my taste buds.  Can't wait to go to town on that beer cooler too!
Disappointed in this place.  I live a block away and was very excited to have a new neighborhood cafe.  However, the service and food has been disappointing.  The portions are miniature and pricey.  Still I ordered once a week or so on a busy weeknight when I didn't feel like cooking.  It was nice to phone in an order and run down to pick it up.  But tonight I called and was told I had to give a credit card to "process" my $12.00 sandwich -- even if I'm paying cash!?  Seriously.  Why would I give my credit card number for a $12.00 sandwich that I'm going to pick up in 5 minutes and pay cash for?  Hawthornes is just not customer service oriented.  (Also, I have a huge pet peeve about the filthy sidewalk outside their kitchen door.  It's covered in grease and dirt from the trash.  I don't even walk on that side of the street anymore.)  Overall, a disappointment to this "neighbor."
Move over mimosa! Beer is crashing in on brunch at Hawthornes. 
Occupying the corner spot on 11th & Fitz, the bright and open cafe offers your standard brunch fare.  I missed the specials on the blackboards above the register but I'll be sure to check that out next time. 

The cafe receives extra kudos for its beverage selection.  Aside from the various craft brews sold, they also offer a french press for one.  The coffee snob in me couldn't resist. It was a pleasant treat for today's frigid morning.
This place lives up to the memory. Moved out of the area shortly after the fire and finally made it back today - this time for brunch. 

The chicken and waffles were amazing. The huevos Abogados were like a Mexican shakshuka and were very good. The biggest highlight was the cafe something or other - basically boozy coffee. French press with cinnamon cream rum. Coffee will never be the same again. 

It was everything I thought it would be and more. The only thing missing this chilly morning was the fire. Maybe next time.
A great spot for a warm, slightly breezy, Sunday brunch outside. Though busy, seating seemed to be plentiful, though (friendly) service came in spurts. We shared orders of a waffle (perfectly cooked) and kielbasa with pierogis (3), and could happily have had more of both. Highly recommend upgrading to tater tots with your sandwiches and ordering Bloody Mary's, if you enjoy them.

Would have liked to see fewer disposable items used: some diners' plastic silverware and straws were taken with a clearing of the table, so more were used, and the table was littered with ~3 plastic cups per diner (water and drinks). The bowls the food was served in seemed to be biodegradable.

Note: Bring sunscreen if you'll be dining outside--though the tables have umbrellas, depending where the summer sun sits, some diners won't be covered (came away with a 1-armed sunburn!).
Imagine brunch with your favorite (super large) selection of beers - any beers - all beers. Wow. then imagine the service to be great (yes, even for brunch). Wow. Then imagine (wait for it) ... the food is good too! Comfortable, not pretentious, but good! 3 Wows!
As I peruse the Queen Village/Bella Vista area for the best spots for brunch, I ask myself after our visit to Hawthorne's: Why look any further?

Hawthorne's presented us with a comfortable walk from home, an ample outdoor section to match the gorgeous weather, and a super friendly staff who greeted us, took down my name, and pointed us toward their hundreds of bottles of beer in the cooler.

We were promptly sat outside, where we enjoyed several beers, watched the line for table grow, and received some of the best brunch food we've had in a while. Mine was a phenomenal plate of eggs benedict with ham, while my lovely lady had the S.O.S., the cream chipped beef on toast. Every bite was freakin amazing.

We really want to get to know this neighborhood, and not get stuck in a rut, going back to the same places all the time. But jeez oh man.
Came here with a friend this weekend after a recommendation from another friend. All employees were wearing masks. They informed us the wait was 45min-1hr but it ended up only being 20-25min. We were seated outside - half of the tables have umbrellas but we were seated at a table without one - this wasn't bad at first but as it got sunnier and warmer, it got a little uncomfortable. I wish they had more umbrellas available - try to get seated under an umbrella if you can.

I ordered the Crabby Dick on a biscuit after talking with the waitress and it was definitely a good call. It didn't look like much food at first but I ended up feeling super full and couldn't actually finish all of it. The potatoes looked really good but they were a little bland and had less seasoning than I expected. The biscuit was fluffy while with the crab cake was crispy - both delicious. It was also reasonably priced.

And parking was so easy as there were plenty of open spots right next to the restaurant.
It's been awhile since I've last been here.  They've remodeled the place and has been one of my go to places for brunch.  We came by with a 6 month old and they had a great high chair that fit him perfectly.  

My go to meal is the chicken and waffles.  They use chicken thighs, which I prefer the juicy dark meat.  The waffle is crispy on the outside and chewy on he inside.  It also has a poached egg on top.  Lots of protein in this meal.  This dish used to have a side of greens, but that's now gone.  

Great place, not as good as I remembered though.
Tried to make a reservation for 6 people for brunch on Saturday. The website let me make the reservation but they actually ended up calling me and telling me I couldn't make reservation for brunch. No big deal, we got there around 10 hoping to beat the typical 11am-ish crowd. We were very wrong. At 10am the wait was about 45min. For 6 people it's understandable but the place was packed nonetheless. It ended up being about an hour wait but the food was worth the wait. 

We started with mimosa's - at $11 a pop I was hoping it was going to be the best mimosa I've ever had... it was pretty close. They give you a baby bottle of champagne & a glass of orange juice to make your own. I thought it was a pretty cool concept. 

The food - I'm honestly not entirely sure what the rest of my party got because I was so focused on the Crabby Dick that I ordered. It's a bun with a crab cake inside & two poached eggs on top. It was served with homefries. Simply amazing. Some other table winners were the classic french toast & blueberry waffle with pulled pork on top. 

The wait is always annoying but the food is that good that it's worth standing outside for an hour to get your hands & mouth on a crabby dick. Yep.
The Crabby Dick for brunch was legit. This plate of food is straight up massive, so unless you intend to promptly take a very long nap after your meal, I recommend sharing this. There was a good amount of crab in the crab cake, but the crab was more shredded than "lumpy" which pulls away from the desired crab cake texture and flavor. Eggs and hollandaise are piled on top, leaving the texture of the crabmeat to take a backseat anyways.
I love the idea of Hawthorne's so much--great beer selection, solid location, diverse menu, and friendly staff.  However, I can't give it more than three stars because everything is just too expensive.

I've eaten here a couple times and like the fact that I can get a range of entrees from flavorful pasta dishes to gigantic sandwiches.  However, I'm always left feeling like all the items could be $3 cheaper.  

The same goes for the beer.  While the selection is quite varied and the staff are always eager to help, I don't understand why the beer is so expensive.  A few blocks away, Foodery offers the same selection at much more reasonable prices.
The good: They have beer of all types and I do mean all!!

    The bad: The food period! The wing portions weren't even seperated, just a whole entire wing to the tip. The burger was just okay and the Tacos were marginal. The place was decent inside but nothing to great.
