Taylor Tomlinson was the secret comic in the confidential set last night. She was incredible! 23 year old from LA, WOW!!!! Had a few drinks and of course a solid (Fries) so we didn't get sloshed. The Helium Comedy Club was packed, it was a super fun night and we will definitely be back soon! I was impressed that they didn't give up the name of their 'secret' comic, I called 2x's that day to see if someone would spill the beans... ha ha, they clearly had a staff secret pact and we're all tight lipped! The lineup didn't disappoint!
Phact: Did-ja-Know? Laughing is good for you. 
Phascinatng Tip: Whenever you're feeling down, just remember that Standup comedy exists. And, Helium is a not-so-secret spot for some genuine "healthy" laughs. Healthy not boring! 

Real Tips:
If you are lucky, you may catch the Hangover Star: Bryan Callen.
If you're extra lucky, you'll see the "Persian Pink Panther" Maz Jobrani jokes about the challenges and conflicts of being Iranian-American. 
And if you're super duper lucky, you'll score a ticket and watch Louis CK performing some of his new materials.

Bonus/Helpful Tip:
. Avoid any possible public humiliation, and HOLD your call of nature, or you'll be heckled.
. Parking can be a pain: Kinda expensive lots, but hey it's available!
. Small but F.U.N venue.
. Two-items minimum (food and/or drinks.) Anything you get before the show, will not count.
. Not over the top food/drinks but, they're good.
. Target audiences: 21+.
.  Honestly, go with the general admission seating, and don't purchase the reserved ones. Every seat is a good seat.
. Piece of advice: Just enjoy the FUN(ny) show, and be respectful to the actors and other audience, it only take one jerk to ruin the show.
. I've been to almost 15 shows, including Margaret Cho, K-von, Hal Sparks, Chelsea favorite Heather McDonald, "30 Rock" Star Judah Friedlander and the author of "He's Just Not That Into You" Greg Behrendt! In addition, I was there for Philly's Phunniest competition, and watched the gang of Murder Myster Comedy Show: The Newly Dead Game as they perform for for the first time at Helium.

Four and Half Laughs/ Yelps
A pre-New Year's Eve  outing with friends for laughs before the crowds and chaos of New Year's Eve. My 1st time at Helium. Tickets picked up upon arriving was done quickly and effieciently.

The club was small and with the seating it made it tight, crowded and restrictive. If you spread your arms out, you would definitely touch the patrons at the tables seated next to you. And the waitresses had to continuously say Excuse me and the tight space was an open intrusiveness of being bumped every few minutes as they delivered drinks and food to the tables. Can't say I was a fan of that.... 2 food/drink minimum is customary in these type of clubs so that was no  surprise nor was the taste of the food.

The club appears to get some current and funny comedians that are new have been on the little or big screen which is a plus. The act tonight was GODFREY and he was hands down hilarious. He's a natural and even though Helium is small and not so comfy, I would come back to see him or another funny side splitting jokester in Philadelphia.

Until then Au revoir........
I am not the kind of person you'd usually find at a comedy club, given the fact that I'm just stuck up like that. I prefer to get my laughs in private by, say, looking at myself in the mirror or attempting to cook.

But ever since my night out at Helium I've changed my tune. The space is really nice, with lots of seating and good views of the small stage. The acts that come through there are the best of any comedy club in Philly. I almost peed my pants the last time I was there, and lemme tell ya, it takes a lot to make me do that, especially now that I'm not drinking.
What started off as a happy/fun night was ruined by the waitress in our section.

A few minutes before the auditorium doors opened I got a cocktail for me and my wife. We were escorted to our reserved seats drinks in hand. Soon after we were seated our waitress (who seemed nice at the time) took our order for a cheese plate. The cheese plate was nothing special with a few grocery store type cheeses (Swiss, cheddar, etc.). 

Halfway through the headliners act the waitress said we needed to order three more items because there is a two item minimum per person. I pointed at our two drinks and she said "I didn't ring those up, the cheese plate counts as one item, so you'll have to order three more things". I was fuming mad...I already purchased three items from this establishment and would have been happy to purchase one more. 

My advice to anyone going to Helium...DON'T PATRONIZE THE TWO BARS OUTSIDE THE MAIN AUDITORIUM.

Greed and vague policies are not the best way to woo customers.
The ticket prices aren't bad but keep in mind there is a two-item minimum for all guests at a show. Note that I said "item" and not "drink." I think it's nice that Helium's rule allows for food as well as drinks. 

The bar/pre-show area is a bit small but doesn't feel overly claustrophobic. There are seats and the bar, and also a couple of tables.

The stage is small and intimate and the seats in the venue are all decent.
Great venue for comedy. The place is pretty spacious with two bars in the front to lounge in until the show starts. All seats have a good view of the stage and there is no echo to throw off sound. The food is nothing to write home about and drink prices a little steeper than I am used to but nothing too terrible.
Came here on Friday, paid $22 per ticket and an additional $3.60 for buying online, different comedians cost different amounts, cheapest tickets are for open mike night. You are supposed to be there 30 minutes before the show, which worked out for us, we got there an hour early and went to a BYOB sushi place. 

When we got there there was a line and they have employees assigned you to tables, the place was sold out so we had to share with 2 other gentleman, which were both cool guys, so be prepared to share a table if you are a group of 2. 

Comedians were hilarious, good time was had by all. They do like most comedy clubs have a 2 item per person requirement per person, I went with $5 Yuengling and Yvette went with $10 Helium drinks. 

Will definitely come back.
I've been to Helium a handful of times over the years, the most recent being for Judah Friedlander last night. 

They were having power issues based on something that happened outside so it wasn't business as usual. They had a print out for will-call tickets where you showed them your ID, they found your name, then you signed off that you picked up your tickets. The process was so easy, it's a shame that places don't do it old school like that more often. 

I don't think I've ever been to Helium during a weeknight, which totally upped my experience.  The doors opened around 7:30pm but there was no long lining forming ahead of time. My group of 5 was easily able to get good seats in the front section perhaps 4 rows back from the stage.  It was a Thursday night so it wasn't super packed, which just made it breathable considering how close together all the tables are. 

Like most comedy clubs, there a food/drink requirement. You just need to order two items however there is no price minimum. Having just eaten at happy hour, I was happy to just have a few beers, which kept my two item minimum on the relatively inexpensive side. 

The table service was okay. The server's tried not to be intrusive but based on the cramped quarters, which was really impossible. It was a little annoying that we received our check while the main act was still onstage, but I guess it kept the whole flow of the evening moving. It would have been a hot mess if they waited until the end. I think the server to guest ratio was also a little off because it took a while to place and receive a drink order. 

Every show I've ever been to had a meet and greet component. I think it's pretty cool that you could briefly chat with the comics and snag a quick picture. 

This goes without saying, but they get some pretty good acts. The openers are typically pretty funny too. For a quality experience that is several hours long, the price is right too. I don't ever recall paying too much for a ticket. 

It's a good comedy club for when a comedian you want to see comes into town. If you are just a fan of comedy clubs, it's also can be worth it if you are in the mood to laugh.
Any city that's worth a snuff must have a decent comedy club.  For Philly, that's Helium.  Tucked away on Samsom, the actual room where the laughing happens is a bit cavernous, with awkward seating and a precariously small stage.

The club gets a good rotation of acts with the biggest names performing on Fridays and Saturdays for two seatings (8 and 10 pm). If you really like to get your laugh on, there are really good deals to be had on Wednesdays and Thursdays.  Great place for large groups and celebrations, it's a good place for pre-gaming.

Few gripes, once the seating occurs, service becomes slow and almost non-existent, so if you're a drinker, get a few bevvies at a time to make up for the lag between orders.  They also sell a few cocktails by the carafe (alcoholic much?), which aren't particularly strong or good, but get the job done.  Drink menu is sparse, formulaic (Drinki-tini? Really?) and expensive (cocktails start at $9.50 and up) with very few options for beer and wine.  Stay away from the food menu, unless you're starving.
Whoops - looks like I'm going to be the Debbie Downer that rates this place far below the average compared to the other Yelpers here.

I had high hopes for my first time at this highly-rated comedy club in Center City. I know there's one here and one in PDX - both successful - so I thought why not!? (Luckily, my friend had FREE tickets, because they frequently give them away since they never sell out, apparently). 

The opening guy was kinda funny, but its rumored that he says the exact same jokes, same punchlines, every single night. Great job as an MC though... way to go shawtie.

The first guy - Anton - was a hoot. He talked about weed, hookups, loans, politics, all quite racy and funny. However, the next "main" comedian of the night, Kevin Brennan, was pretty darn awful. He was so drunk that he continued to slur his speech the whole time and almost tripped over himself. I feel really awful for his wife and child - who he ripped apart on stage throughout the whole evening. And Kevin couldn't have possibly been more racist, offensive, and disgusting. I know this is "comedy" but there are times when lines need to be drawn. And he crossed them.

Additionally, our services at Helium was beyond lousy. Server brought us one drink, and we then sat at the table with empty glasses throughout most of the night. Finally, we waved him over (he was propping himself against the wall looking bored) to ask for our second round. Note: 2 drink minimum at this club. We actually did want to order appetizers and dinner - but since we didn't get our second drink until the show was almost over, it was pretty futile. Our one friend came late- so she never even got the chance to order a second drink, because the final time we saw him was to pay the bill. We informed him that he could've made a larger tip, had he actually allowed us to order food and more drinks. His excuse: "It was a busy night"... 

In Summary: This was a pretty awful first experience at Helium, and I'm definitely not itching to go back again. Even if they're giving their tickets away, as usual. 

Note to the public: Don't BUY your tickets for Helium. Join their listserv, and you can get free tickets almost any night of the week.
I really hope that Mr. Marc Grossman (owner of Helium Comedy Club in Philadelphia) reads these reviews. 
I've been to dozens and dozens of comedy clubs and had a terrific time at each of them. I thought when going to the Helium Comedy Club in Philadelphia would be same. I was terribly mistaken. I wish there was an option for negative stars for this review! 
I'd like to start off with asking one question for the owner Marc Grossman (as if he reads these reviews...doubt it). How can you allow "your" employees to treat your "paying customers" so poorly and disrespectfully? I was at your club with a party of ten people to celebrate a birthday. It was a special night out with friends and family. We purchased tickets, rented a Limousine and everything. We get our tickets at "will call" and proceeded into the club and found a group of tables in the back. Everyone sat down and order drinks/food. A few minutes later one of the "bouncers" told us  we were "talking" too loud. He didn't say "shouting" or "booing", or "heckling". He said "talking". We were all looking at each other and had no idea what was going on. When our drinks came there was some very light chatter between me and my girlfriend. I was trying to figure out who ordered what drink. At that point the same "bouncer" came to the table a second time and told me I had to leave. What??? 
I asked what for? He told me I was "talking" too loud and if I didn't leave I would be physically removed....yes..."PHYSICALLY REMOVED"!!! I couldn't believe what I was hearing. After trying to talk to the unprofessional "bouncer" as to what was he talking about. I was threatened again to be "PHYSICALLY REMOVED" by the same extremely rude, moronic bouncer who, now had other "bouncers" standing around us making everyone feel uncomfortable and threatened. I was escorted out into the lobby/bar area. I asked to speak to the Manager. He was also rude and unprofessional. I asked for a refund for the food and drinks I ordered and didn't touch. He told me I couldn't get a refund and to take it up with customer service (yea right). Several people in our party attempted to reason with them and they were also treated rudely as well. I left with my girlfriend (birthday girl) and our friends stayed behind to see the rest of the show which I was told was not terribly funny. I later found out that woman in our party was asked to leave. The remaining people in our party decided to leave also. 
We decided to go to Buffalo Billiards nearby where we had a great time and were treated respectfully and professionally by all the staff. It's a great place and I recommend it to anyone. 
Mr. Grossman....I will NEVER go to the Helium Comedy Club nor will I recommend it to anyone who may ask. I will be sharing my experience on other social media networks and contacting the BBB as I am in fear that other hard working, reasonable, "paying" customers will go to your establishment and unknowingly be walking into a similar situation.  
Here is some advice Marc....Train your staff or try finding professional, respectable people who will promote your club and not cost you any loss of business. Just a thought.
This is one of my favorite places in Philly. Great for married couples like myself who need to get away from the tube on a Friday night or for a group of friends who want to spark the conversation. Amazingly, even the openers are usually really funny. And I've been there twice when Jim Norton did a surprise set. Fabulous!
This is a pretty good comedy club.  They get some pretty well known acts.  I've been here a few times and have enjoyed myself.  Everything that was said in the positive reviews are accurate and I'm not gonna regurgitate that.

I do have a  little money saving tip, which is the only reason why I am posting a review here.  If you go to the visitor center at independence mall.  You know, by the liberty bell and all that stuff.  Well in there they have these free coupon books, that print every 6 months.  They actually have decent coupons in there for some restaurants, like 15-20% off and such.  I take a few coupon books every 6 months whenever I pass by.  Well one of the coupons is a BOGO for Helium.  It'll save you like $15 dollars.   I haven't gotten the new coupon book yet, but the last 2 coupon books have had this coupon.  It's worth a try.  That's all I have to add to this.
My first experience at a comedy club was EXCELLENT, and I have Helium Comedy Club to thank for that.  My sister scored us free tickets, not sure how, but we had to go early to pick them up.  Since it was so early, we ended up walking around the city to kill time before the show..NBD.  Also, not sure if it was because we were pretty early, but we managed to get parking on the same block as Helium.

Once we came back for the show, we had to wait in a short line to get into the main room.  We pretty much had to order (to fulfill the 2 item minimum) within the first few mins upon being seated in the main room.  That was kind of difficult for us as we didn't have much time to look at the menu.  If you're not really looking for something expensive they have coffee and tea as drinks.

We finally ordered hot chocolate, coffee, fries, and a seasonal spinach salad.  The salad was actually really good - it had spinach, strawberries, balsamic, and pecans.  Although it was good, I wouldn't recommend getting this as it's hard to really eat a salad and watch the comedians simultaneously.  The fries were a good option though, and I highly recommend asking for their honey mustard sauce.  I definitely recommend sticking with finger foods at an event like this.

The comedians were mostly good.  I was so happy Clayton English was the main act.  I had never heard of him before, but MAN is he hilarious.  There was only one person who opened up that I didn't enjoy as much as the others.  Not too bad, as these acts were a lot shorter.

I was surprised how quickly the time went by, and at the end of the night we didn't have to wait too long to get a picture with Clayton.  Overall, I LMAO all night, and would definitely come back here again!!
My friend and I were kicked out before the main act and I have no clue why. We were sitting there and a bouncer came up and told us we had to leave. When we asked why they said we just had to leave. No reason given. We both paid $40 for reserved seats and couldn't even see the show and I have no clue why. I have spent hundreds of dollars at this place in the past but after this, I will never return here and I am going to make sure I tell anyone who mentions helium comedy club this story. 

I have NEVER been so disrespected by a company.
I have a friend that likes to do stand up comedy and he asked that I research some clubs in the area that he may be able to do an open mic at. My mind went immediately to Helium Comedy Club.
Every Tuesday, Helium has an open mic night consisting of 20-ish comedians, mixed between newcomers (given about 2 minutes) and veterans (given more time, varies). 
We headed over around 6:30 to sign up (sign up is 6:00 - 7:00 pm) which just involved him writing his name on a piece of paper. Line up was posted at 7:30, and the show began at 8:00 pm. Although the show is free, there is a 2 drink minimum -- not too shabby.
I was really pleasantly surprised with the professionalism given to the open mic night. They managed to flow through the 20 comedians almost seamlessly. The stage is intimate but allows for a large crowd.  And the drinks are pretty tasty (I went for Irish coffee, I needed caffeine. Although by  far not the best I've ever had, it was most certainly suitable)
Also surprising, the vast majority of comedians were funny! Open mic nights always add a bit of apprehension, those two minutes by an awful comedian can seem like an eternity. And though there were a few thrown in there, most had me literally laughing out loud. The mix between old and newcomers allowed for a nice eclectic group of jokes, stories, etc. 
I am looking forward to going to more open mic nights in the future and cannot wait to attend an actual show, which I will be doing on Thursday and will probably provide an update.
Helium is a great comedy club. The layout is pretty atypical in that there is plenty of elbow room and all the seats seem to allow a great view of the stage. Drink and food prices are also atypically reasonable for a comedy club. 

During my first visit to Helium before the show started I noticed a big obnoxious high-fiving yuppie pile right up front and center. I could foresee an imminent conflict between these clueless dickholes and headliner Brian Posehn's "nerd rage" brand of comedy. After a few annoying interactions with the opening comedians, a burly bouncer kicked a couple of them right the fuck out. They weren't forcibly removed, but it was still pretty sweet.
Helium has been one of those places that I've meant to go to for years. Well, I finally got around to it last week when I went to see a Thursday night show. I didn't really know what to expect, but we had a great time. The room is small, which is great because there are no bad seats, but annoying if you have any obnoxious audience members. 

We ordered food (a decent margherita pizza and good buffalo chicken fingers) and drinks, and the service was great. Overall, no complaints and I would definitely go back again.
It's hard to come and write a luke warm review of a venue where I saw a fabulous night of comedy. The service and club itself did not compare to the actual show. We arrived at the club around 9:15 for a 10pm show. We had drinks at the bar while waiting for the doors to open as 9:30 as we were told would happen. The early show ended up running late, nbd however, it became 10 minutes to showtime and there was still a line to get into the club. As we approach the club, we see the signs that say there's a two item minimum during the show. Again, fine because we were hungry and wanted drinks. Problem was that it was like pulling teeth trying to get a waitor's attention and when we asked the hostess if she could send one over, she snarled as she breezed right by us. We finally were able to put in our order as the show was beginning only to have the waitor come back and tell us they're out of spinach dip. This was in addition to being out of about 3 beers they had on tap. We settled for the mac and cheese trio. They food arrived promptly but the mac and cheese was a major disapointment. Their fancy trio turned out to be Kraft like with burnt bacon bits on one, french fried onions on another and maybe plain for the third? Not good.

I'd probably return to Helium to see a show because the comedy was great. I'd definitely skip the food next time around though.
Do not go here they will kick you out if you say hi to a friend. Most awful comedy show location. Not the comedians but some of the staff. They have a room monitor who enforces this. Too serious of an environment for an alleged place of laughter. They value silence. I am contacting the owner about what goes on in there! I came on a Tuesday night for a celebration that was ruined by staff.
This review is for the club itself, not the act.

I love the intimate feel of this venue! A group of 8 of us were seated in the back and I still felt like I was so close to the stage. The tables are spaced far enough apart that you don't feel crowded in, either. Pretty sure there isn't a bad seat in the house. 

The drinks, though expensive, were tasty. The service, however, left something to be desired. It takes SO long for the waiter to get back with your drink. One time after I ordered my drink, the waiter came back 15 minutes later to ask if we needed anything... that was pretty annoying, to have to remind him of my previous order.
My suggestion is to get up and get your drinks at the bar for quicker service.
Worst comedy club ever. .rude, terrible employees, who ruin the show..it's a straight money grab. .take your money then threaten to kick you out for talking at a whisper. .don't ever go here. .trust me
My experience at the Helium Club was fantastic.  I went on the FREE Open Mic night (8 PM, Tuesdays) and heard almost 2.5 hours worth of comics, from the tyros to the tenured.

This club is brand new on the inside and makes you wonder whether it is actually a comedy club (Where's the dank smell of beer?  Cramped quarters? Old drunk guys heckling in the back?).  But, once the show starts, the emcee is sure to greet you with a proper verbal slap in the face.

The menu is rather high class for a comedy club and there is a full bar.

I can't speak for actually pay shows at the Helium, but their website displays new headliners every week.  I stopped by their theater and noticed that they said there is a "two item minimum" when attending on a show night.

If you haven't been, show up on Tuesday night and get a feel for what they have to offer.  I'll probably even get up on stage some day because they welcome anyone with a routine.  Just show up one hour before show time.
So I love to laugh...it's what I do. I know I'm silly, and I embrace it. Despite my ability to find humor in almost anything, I went to Helium for the first time last night and had a great time! Everyone was funny, from host Ed McGonigal to Comedians Geoff Tate, Anton Shuford (Anton was hilarious) and the headliner, Guy Torry. 

When they first opened the doors, the waitstaff was pretty attentive, but once more people arrived it was really difficult to flag down our waitress. I initially ordered nachos with chicken, but when I was served nacho chips with Cheez Whiz and jalapenos, I sent them back for chicken fingers and fries. Trust me, they give you the LEAST possible amount of fries (just enough so they can say that the chicken fingers come with fries). The chicken fingers were kinda fatty (I've never had fatty chicken fingers). My Sprite was good though, lol! 

To be fair, Helium IS a comedy club and not really a restaurant, so that's why I'm giving them so many stars. Oh, and the restrooms were surprisingly clean. 

Will I go back? Most definitely!
Soooo funnnn!!!! We used to go all the time because it beats the average bar scene night out. They have some really amazing acts coming through here, my favorite being Joe Rogan. The service is really great and it's not that big of a place so you don't feel like you get lost in the crowd. It is so worth checking out! You can't help but laugh as you leave.
3.5
The best comedy club that Philly has to offer is Helium. This is where the bigger names come make people laugh. The website will have the most up to date information, but generally speaking there is reserved seating and general seating is in the back along the wall. There are spots where the seats are terrible but that's if you arrive late** to a sold out show. Reserved seats are in the front and include the first row where comedians might include you in the joke. Beware! 

**There are two main nearby garage lots on the same street. If you arrive right on time I guarantee you'll be late because everyone is using the lots as well; same with when you go home. In cold weather, it's better to go grab food after a show rather than wait for your car in the cold. It's a 100% buzz kill.

There are two bars inside with a fair amount of seating. Drinks are cheaper pre-show and easier to order. Food is decent but nothing to brag about (pizza, paninis, apps etc...). Once you're in the club, it's best to grab any drinks/food you'll want before the act because the waiter won't be back. It's a little frustrating and they should have extra help on sold out shows. 

No dress code at Helium but people tend to get dressy as if they're out on a casual date, definitely leave the sweatpants or tuxedo at home.
Great comedy in a terrible setting.  I love comedy, and I like the performers we have heard at Helium.  That gets 5 stars.

However, the venue is terrible.  0 stars if there was such a selection.  Last Saturday, the usher sat us at a table so far in the back, my back was against the wall. I should have known it was going to be trouble when she apologized to us as she sat us. By the way, the house was not packed, we were not late, and there was plenty of good real estate left.  Anyway, we were seated at a small table with two other couples. That's right, six people, one table 18 inches or less in diameter, a burning candle, the two drink minimum (what's that about honestly?), in the dark. As you can imagine, during the show, the guy next to me bumped his drink, knocked the candle down to the floor and nearly started a fire in that fire trap.  I have candle wax all over my pants. Another thing, If you are going to have a requirement that your guests purchase two items, please vary the menu and get the food/drinks to us before the end of the show.  The food and drink selection for me is intolerable.  I give my two drinks to someone else at the table.  

There's a market in this city for a good comedy club. Let's get one that has great performers and treats its guests like they matter.
With nothing to do on New Years Eve, I headed downtown to take in a few comedians at the Helium Club. What better way to ring in the new year than to laugh my butt off?  We got there relatively early for the free appetizer buffet which was included with the price of a ticket.

As we walked into the actual showroom, we realized that our seats were front and center...uh-uh this could be trouble....There was a 2 drink minimum (which wasn't hard to meet ).. The food was pretty good considering it was a comedy club. And then the show began....the first comedian was hysterical; the second comedian was ever more so...and the third one, well let me just say by the end of the night my eyes were swollen from tears of laughter.  

A good time was had by all. And to top off the night, as we were leaving, we were each given a free ticket for an upcoming comedy show...What a way to start off the new year!!!
Have been here several times and will definitely go back, but there could be a few improvements. The food is okay, and I wouldn't mind it as much if there wasn't a 2-purchase minimum per show (I don't drink much, so I usually get dinner while at a show). I've ordered a few things off the menu and have yet to be impressed. Also, the staff has been okay - kind of "you're lucky to be here, we'll get to you when we get to you" instead of "hey, you're the guest, what can I help you with?" So I took a star off for the food and service. The club istelf is fun and a great night out with friends. Just wish the food and service was stepped up a bit.
I've seen several shows here, and always have a good time.  In fact, I always end up crying and having trouble swallowing from laughing so hard (luckily I haven't spit anything out yet).  

They in bring in some good, big name acts on the weekends, and I recently checked out the free open mic Tuesday show.  Being open mic, some acts were hilarious (one guy I'd seen there before as an opener for Christian Finnegan), some were so-so, and some were horriffic.  I was thoroughly entertained.  Take note, if you sit immediately up front, you will no doubt have some comedian make fun of your friend's uber whiteness, but high-five him later outside the bar and apologize for it.

The venue itself it clean, classy, and comfortable, and the clientel are mainly Rittenhouse area type of people.  The 2 item minimum isn't hard to abide by, as the drink selection isn't bad or terribly expensive, and your items can include food or non-alcoholic drinks.  As my pregnant friend pointed out, "Yay, I can get 2 desserts!"

I just want to give a shout out to Helium for making me cry, choke, and almost pee my pants.
Great wait staff!  Seriously amazing, considering the limited light and space. The fries are good too.  Comedy show was not worth the money.  

The security staff was so rude to person in my party.  Down right awful to make a person cry.   I paid $30 plus tax and admin fees per person to have a member of my party miss half the show because she felt uncomfortable with security being nasty to her.  It's a comedy show - lighten up!  

Hello, we are not in Manhattan.  Why am
I paying $12 for a cocktail?  

I won't be back.
I wish I could give a better review, but I would never know how the show actually was!

My wife called the day of to make reservations for that night (she didn't know reservations were required). While on the phone, she stated that it was my birthday and the party was on their way to Helium right now for the show. She asked if it was ok to still make reservations for it. The guy over the phone said sure! Took her information down and told her to be there no later than 7:30pm. The entire party was there at 6:30-6:45. Door locked.... the site said they would be opened 2 hours prior for food and drinks. Very unprofessional we thought. We went and grabbed drinks elsewhere. Wife and I came back at 7:30 and the door was still locked. WTF!!! Went back to our party, closed out our checks, then went back again at 8. LOCKED!!!!! Called Helium, left a message and went elsewhere. Apparently, the guy that took the reservation didn't listen and made reservations for us for the following night.

The next day, wife emails and tries calling again. No answer on the phone call. Been a week and still no email back from them! It's ashame because we got these tickets during a silent auction. Although I didn't pay Helium directly. I did make a fairly large donation for these tickets.

Overall: Most unprofessional people here! The person over the phone should have listened, the person whom received the email should have responded, or the message should have been returned.
Unsure of what to do with my Friday night, my husband and I decided we'd like some laughs and after a quick google search, we stumbled upon helium and a show with Dom Irrera. We paid about $35 a piece for "reserved" tickets because we assumed a Friday would be packed. And while it was busy, we definitely didn't need to reserve seats, there was plenty of tables. The table they reserved us was front row, and we requested to move because we did not want to be in the spotlight, and the place moved us no problem.

Most of it is on one level, so if you're on the shorter side, you might struggle to see. Luckily, I don't have this issue. Waiter came around to take orders as you do have a two item minimum to meet. It was easy to get two drinks and finish them in the time frame of two opening acts and the main event.

The comedians definitely served up some laughs, and it was in the sarcastic angry South Philly style! We will go again.

Only really big negative was the bouncer at the front door. He was sharp in tone and kind of rude... not the type of person you want greeting your guests or ushering them out. Really bothered me.
I have seen a few shows here over the past year. While the acts have been top notch, I have been disappointed by the crowd each and every single time. Is it being close to the state across the Delaware? Is it the venue -- probably not.

I'm okay with the 2 drink per person minimum during the shows, I think they do an excellent job with service during the show.

Just SOMETHING about the crowd always ruins the place. in fact, one night we were at Helium there was an acutal fist fight that spilled out into the street. Really, was that necessary ... at a comedy club? HAHAHAHA, No.
A lot of people don't realize how wonderful of a comedy town Philadelphia can be.  

Helium is one of the premier franchise comedy clubs in the country.  Tons of great talent pass through all the time.  Last Saturday, the lady friend and I went and saw Aries Spears (Mad TV fame) and had a wonderful time.  The tickets were priced really well and the service we received at the bar and in the lounge was great.

I recommend two things: save your drinking and/or eating for the show.  There is a two item per person minimum while there.  Also, reserved seating kind of is stupid.  I refuse to pay an extra $6 to pick a table when I can get there early and choose my seat with the early group.  If you want to get a good place to sit, ask one of the ticket takers where a good seat is.
HORRIBLE TIME.  Paid 60.00 for two tickets and spent 30.00 on drinks just to watch three comedians complain about the election.  Me and my girl were front row and one of the comedians spoke to me, I responded in support of TRUMP and the bouncer immediately confronted me and said if I speak up again I'll be kicked out.  Later in the evening me and my girl were discussing the bill and the bouncer returned and kicked us out.  HORRIBLE PLACE WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY.
This place is pretty sweet. I've scored free tickets on a number of occasions and have been happy enough with my experience to go back for some paid shows as well. It's small and there isn't a bad seat in the house. 

The drinks are strong and as good as anywhere else you would go for a drink in the city. Are they reasonably priced? Meh. Comparable with other places nearby? Yep. 

Great for date-night or a group outing.
The show was good, nothing against the performers, but the club doesn't know how to treat people.

My drink had a piece of glass in it.  I took the final swig of my beer and immediately feel something hard in my mouth that I instantly know is glass.  I tell the waiter who apologizes and runs off.  I've worked in food service back in the day so I know stuff like this happens.

But then a bouncer walks over and starts telling our table to quiet down. I suspect he thought we were pulling some stunt to get free drinks so he was looking for any excuse to kick us out....but it was pointless because this occurred at the end of the show.

So how did they make up for it? We were given some free passes. Later on we see they have an expiration date of two weeks....scumbags. 

I'm just thankful I didn't swallow the glass really.
I was having such an amazing time UNTIL I went to this place.  The comedians were hilarious and then I made one comment and got booted.  I even got comped admission bc the manager messed up and kicked me out.  I legit did nothing.  Do not go to place.  Not worth your time.  B rate artists for too expensive prices.
This place reminds me of an old roller skating rink, it's a really weird room.

But it works.

It was a bit hot in there and the kitchen was backed up. It took a while to get our barbecue chicken pizza which was nothing great but nothing terrible either. Also had the hummus platter which was decent but was not going to win Philly's top hummus platter 2009 award. 

But no matter. The comedy was very comedic, and the beer was served cold and fast.

And that's why I came. 

I WAS TOTALLY ROTFLOL

john oliver makes me LAFF
Helium is basically the bomb. They brought (as mentioned in my previous review) my favorite entertainer and complainer of all time, Adam Carolla, aka The ACEMAN to my city to a club a scant few blocks from my office to a table a scant few feet from the stage on which he stood a scant few feet my grinning face. As an Ace superfan this was a monumental event.

When we got to the showroom and were about to be escorted to our reserved table, I saw the host check off our table on the grid and I knew things were going to be great. I saw our table gleaming from a few feet away. We weren't directly against the stage, but were just inches left of center in the row on the other side of the walkway for the servers to pass through, giving added leg room and a broader view of the screen and stage, but still only a few feet away and very close. I felt like they knew it was a big day for me (this may or may not have something to do with my announcing that it was a big day for me to them on Twitter, but whatevs). The show was amazing and hilarious and joyful and magical, and the venue was great and raucus with laughter. Glory be. Their food menu looked pretty lame, the cocktails looked overpriced, but whatever. As a stuffed mostly non-drinker, the 2 item minimum purchase per person didn't bother me - I breezed through two diet sodas with great ease. 

The showroom is surprisingly large and for comedians who come here to do stand-up on their open mic night, I imagine it's fairly intimidating, but the more well-known talent that they bring in probably feels right at home. As a fan of comedy in general, their lineup seems to be pretty solid and they bring in great names. It's another gem nestled on the treasure that is Sansom Street. Thanks for a great night, Helium!
I came here in June to see Godfrey and my husband and I couldn't have laughed more. It was insanely funny. From the Host to the Headliner, we laughed so hard we left holding our jaws. The quality of air was cool and not one person came to our table, except for waitress. 

I went 8.22 with 9 girls to see Natasha Leggero my experience couldn't have been any more opposite. It was HOT, too crowded. We were seated in a section in the back sweating. As if they sold too many tickets and had to make up room by adding more chairs. Not enough room to sit comfortably at all. We were almost sitting on each others laps bc it was so tight. I could barely pay attn bc I was so uncomfortable. Our mini oil lamp on the table went out three times so we couldn't see our menus and when I used my phone to see, I was immediately told to put it away by a bouncer as if I was a child. This guy came to our tables and others to reprimand us as if we didn't pay to get in and could only laugh but so much or even whisper to each other. It was horrible. We ended up leaving early bc I was disgusted with their customer service or lack thereof. Not to mention, we could barely breathe it was so hot in there and too crowded. Never again! 

I'd love to give it 5 stars bc of my first experience but after making 9 of my friends come to enjoy what I thought would be another amazing comedic experience, ...I can't justify it.
The only thing that keeps this place from being a total flop is the staff - they are polite, courteous and professional. Thank you.

That being said, there are a few things to note before attending a show here:

1) Someone finally needs to stand up to this "two-item per person minimum" crap. It's immoral (and maybe even illegal?) to FORCE people to buy food/drinks.

2) Today it was in the mid 30's in Philadelphia - both outside and inside helium comedy club. Everyone was wearing their jackets in the club...there's no excuse for continuing to allow a public venue to operate in these conditions. Not only had the heat not been turned on, but the hot water wasn't working and they had no hot beverages (I know; I tried to order one to warm me up). Oh...and that brings me back to point #1 - I was forced to order something else since they had no hot chocolate/tea/coffee.

3) You'll laugh harder on Netflix. So much good free stuff out there. Don't waste your time/money on this place - they don't care about you.
I have been here many times and the shows are usually pretty good. They have a good bar type menu and they make a decent chocolate martini- if you like those. 

But note: THEY HAVE A 2 DRINK MINIMUM- which they minimally advertise, but are apparently very stringent about 

Usually when I am out at a bar I have a drink or 2, or 3... No problem. However, I was here for a show a week ago on a Monday night and was not up for drinking, I did however pay $15 for a show which was less than stellar. Anyhow, after being asked a handful of times by my server if I wanted a drink and replying no, she threatened to have me "escorted out". Are you serious Helium? Probably one of the worst customer service experiences I have had. It's sad, I have really enjoyed the shows I have been to there, but I was treated so disrespectfully by this server- the overall vibe left a bad taste in my mouth.  It would have to be a Chris Rock type perforce to get me to ever buy a ticket there again.
I was at helium on 8/13 for the 9:45 show. It was one of those days where the heat index was over 100 and there was no air conditioning in the club. At all. And I guess management didn't regard this as an issue? They didn't seem to do anything about it--there were no fans brought out to circulate air, there was no warning about the AC being broken, not even an apology for how terrible it was in there. 

I felt bad for the comedians who gamely did their best with a room full of miserably hot people. The right thing to do would have been to warn people and offer a refund.
5 stars for Jon Lovitz, but 0 stars for the staff that must not need tips. 

They crammed us into some table because the show was clearly oversold.

2 drink minimum? You will be lucky if they come around in time.

Word of advice - drink before, eat before, and don't expect much service.
I have to agree with DJ...who cares about the food. Be glad they even have any for you to munch on. Its a comedy club. C-O-M-E-D-Y. 

Anyway as far as COMEDY clubs go this is probably the best one I've visited in multiple states. The door price is usually around $25 and $30 if you want reserve seating near the front. They have a great area to hang if you are going to the 10:30pm show and the 8pm hasn't let out yet. If the 10:30pm show is sold out you might have to stand but whatever. Its standing. It not riding a unicycle. 

They are quite efficient at seating people once the doors open. The main room has a great layout and no matter where you are you have a good view of the stage. I would say the room holds about 250 people comfortably. The service has always been very nice and very fast. The drinks are also reasonably priced. Some comedy clubs will bang you over the head with drink prices. Our bill after 6 Grey Goose / cranberry and an order of spinach dip was $42. That to me is a good deal.  

We were there once again on Saturday to see Laurence Mullaney and Kevin Brennan. Helium's shows have never let us down. They always have top notched acts. 

My only complaint about Helium is their website. They only list the headliners and never the supporting acts. I don't know why that is. I might just go out if I know a decent support guy is up there...but I can never get that info from the website.
The space is a lot bigger than it looks from the outside. The layout is a lot like Caroline's on Broadway, and there aren't really any bad seats where you can't see what's going on. 

We were actually there on comped tickets, but still had to meet the two item per person minimum, and it was not a cheap night. The saving grace is that food is included, so you're not forced to get the drinks if you don't want. But get the drinks we did, and they were quite tasty, and not too stingy on the booze. I just don't know how I would've felt about it with the ticket price on top of it all.
I went to see a recording of Doug Loves Movies and was so excited! The bartender was great, our waiter was wonderful but then I pulled out my phone to take a photo of Doug Benson to send to my 11 year old son (not realizing I wasn't allowed to since they didn't say anything and it's not on the ticket confirmation) only to be yelled at and humiliated by a rude bouncer. Instead of saying "you aren't allowed to use your phone.." He yelled at me, stood over me while he watched me delete my photos and threatened me. So, I was about to tweet (without disturbing those around me) and he come over and threatened me again and told me to put my phone away - mind you...others were tweeting and snapping pics, but for some reason this man decided he wanted to bully a 40 year old mom. The manger was very nice and comped our drinks and gave me vouchers, but I only wanted an apology from the bouncer. I will never return again and gladly drive up to NYC instead to see Doug Benson. But, the way I was treated was horrible and I am not going to let it go since it ruined my time and those with me.
I've been coming here for years. Never ever had a bad experience. I see a few negative reviews and really wonder WTF they are talking about??!!

Last night we seen Titus. I think last night was the first time in forever that our waitress was just OK. any other time the staff and management have been perfect.

Yes there is a 2 drink minimum, DUH you're at a club in the city! So for the peeps talking shit... Stay home. The drinks are priced fair for the city. 
The food is pretty decent for a comedy club. And if you're going there for a nice dinner and superb service... WAKE UP!! it's a fucking comedy club people!! You want some picky foods and drinks... That's what you get. 

You want a good time and good night out in the city, helium is it. You get to see head line comics in a raw, intimate setting. 
Oh yeah also had last minute plans cancel on New Year's Eve, they had a kick ass package that was great. Again great shows. Drinks are good, food decent. Like seriously have no fucking clue what the negative reviews are. 

Oh yeah parking right next door or right down the street. So again convenient as well. 

And NOOOO I don't know anyone that works there or anything like that. Just letting you know the deal 

Enjoy fuckers!
This review has nothing to do with the talent. Saw Impractical Jokers there last night and they were great. The short (duration & height) opening comedian was funny, too. 

My one star refers to the venue personell. It's as if they never ran a full house comedy show before. Staff running around, seemingly doing nothing, while people wait in line. 

I bought my tickets over one month ago online, and even paid a convenience fee for the privilege. The website instructed me to take the print out receipt and go to the will call - box office before the show. Show up about 15 minutes before showtime (which is really 30 minutes before the real showtime) and for some crazy reason told we need to wait until ALL people in the first line are in before we are given our tix and allowed in. Result? Worst seats in the hall (stage right near the kitchen door). What the heck is with that? Buy your tickets more than 1 month in advance, pay a fee for it, and get the WORST seats? Unacceptable. And, all the while with rude, inept staff, one that actually said "if you don't like it you can leave', then offerred a sarcastic 'enjoy the show' . The whole experience really put a damper on what was supposed to be a fun night.

Will see Impractical Jokers again. But, defintely not here.
I will NEVER patronize this establishment again.  I have held 2 major corporate events at this comedy club giving thousands of dollars n both times when i bring individual persons there to enjoy a show it was problems.  You can laugh at the jokes but dont laugh too loud or the low budget security threatens to throw you out.  I could not believe it.
If I'm not going somewhere strictly for food and drinks, I generally find it hard to write a review about it.  I'll make the exception here because I've frequented this place a few times over the past month due to all sorts of events I get lured into by marketing emails.

Don't fret about the 2 drink minimum- it's really a 2 item minimum, so last night I got coffee and apple cobbler.  The apple cobbler was actually super delicious but I've heard mixed reviews about the other food (overpriced and bland).  Drinks are reasonably priced, nothing out of the ordinary- just don't expect any types of happy hour specials or deals cause they don't have any.

The waitresses are really, really on point.  I feel the need to stress that because at venues like this, they can easily get lost in the crowd and avoid you for most of the night.  But here, especially during large events (last night's was a live taping), they made sure to staff enough people so as to accommodate everyone.  And they didn't miss a beat.  I hardly ever had to flag our girl down and she was very quick and quiet so we didn't miss the performances. 

For the acts themselves, the stage is tiny and the seating is too close for comfort, but I've never had a bad time here.  The quality they churn out of this place is unexpected and fresh.  You might get a few bad seeds from time to time, but the emcees (who are usually funnier than the real acts) know how to loosen up the crowd and lighten the mood.

The venue itself is dark and outdated, but there's a nice lounge outside the viewing area to grab a drink or two before and after the performances (plus strike up a conversation with the comics!)  The swanky lighting and layout fools you into potentially turning your weeknight dinner and a show into a drunken all-nighter, so be forewarned.
Finally, a comedy club that brings in comics I like!  The place is clean and well-organized.  Unlike some comedy clubs, the tables and chairs have room to move; they don't pack people like sardines.  Instead of a 2-drink minimum, you have to order two items. You can get a drink and food, or--for those who don't drink--just have a snack and a beverage.

Even the locals who opened for the national act we saw were funny.  I was impressed.

You can also just stop into the bar for great happy hour specials.
I agree...this is far nicer than your usual sticky-carpet, plain-brick wall sort of comedy club. This feels like more of a center-city take on the club. Went with a group of friends and we had a great time. We had some nice cocktails and plenty of laughs. They do seem to attract some good talent. The service could definitely use some improvement--we had long waits and the server spilled a drink on me--but I'll gladly go back again.
The shows at helium have always been very entertaining, however I think the building itself could use some work. 
When compared to Punchline, I think helium comes up a little short. I went to a show last night and the seating situation was totally awkward. My date was sitting behind me off to an angle so it did not make for the best date night. I was uncomfortably close with a stranger and it was a bit weird. 
There is a two drink minimum here, but I saw poeple fulfilling this obligation with bottles of water, so it shouldn't be an issue for anyone. 
The food is typical bar appetizer types. We ordered cheesesteak eggrolls and they were fine. 
It pays to sign up for their promotions. A few times on holiday weekends we have gotten free tickets to shows, as they were trying to fill up the venue. 
Helium is a fun night out but could stand to be a little less cramped and dingy!
We came here with friends to see Tom Green and got a table for 4. We came 2 hours before the show to pick our tickets up then went somewhere else to get food and went back about 45 minutes before the show. 

We were one of the first ones in but still got a seat that was off to the left side. Other people coming in after us were getting seated in better seats. Maybe they paid more for their tickets. There's no way to tell where the reserved seating was because all the seats were so close together. We came with friends so we didn't have to share a table with strangers, but it turned out we were practically sitting up against other people anyway. 

You had to order a minimum of 2 items  per table, but that wasn't a problem since we were all drinking. The drinks were a little pricey but I guess that was expected. 

We enjoyed the 2 opening acts and the main show. I'm glad we went, this was my first time going to a comedy show and I loved Tom green when he was on MTV. I might come back another time but I don't know. The seating was a little uncomfortable, it would have to be someone that's really worth it.
Never had a bad experience here.  I've seen Joe Rogan (w/ Ari Shaffir and Joey Diaz) twice and Jon Heffron once and all three times I had a great experience.  They all CRUSHED.  I haven't laughed like that in awhile.  

It's not a very big club so there is not a bad seat in the house.  You can get reserved seats which are considered the area right in front of the stage made up of about 20 little tables each with 4 chairs.  Whenever I have a group I get these seats as they allow everyone to be closer together and not so spread out.  Then there are general admission made up of a long row of booths that are located behind the reserved seats and a few tables behind the booths.  

Prices are cheap.  Fri/Sat may be a little more expensive.  We paid $40 for reserved seats for a Friday night.  On a Thursday I paid around $20 per ticket gen admission. 

GET THERE EARLY.  They don't give you physical tickets when you but them online.  Instead you print out the email confirmation and claim the tickets at the door.  It says on the ticket that you must claim them at least a half an hour before starting time.
Summary:
Helium Comedy Club is overly-packed, understaffed, serving overpriced drinks and greasy tasteless bar-type food. They are also fraudulent/entitled. Recommend you eat before going. The comedians range from "Just OK" to "Good".

Full Review:
My first time at this joint, on a double-date with my wife. We intentionally skipped dinner so we could eat at this place. The place was really packed, which I guess is good for business...? At first they tried to seat us in a corner, right next to the stage, which was unacceptable, and we told them as much. The usher was nice enough to transfer us to the back, which is slightly raised and better overall. We thanked him profusely and ordered our drinks.

The drinks came, and we tried to order food (to meet the 2-item minimum per person). He said the waiter would come by shortly to take our food order. We waited, and waited... and waited. Eventually the show was starting. And yet no one came. Mind you, waiters and other staff members were walking around, bringing food to other people, and taking orders from OTHER PEOPLE.

We got someone's attention, told them we wanted to order food. They said they'll send the waiter right over. And we kept waiting. Our stomachs were starting to hurt, and yet no one came to take our order.

We got someone's attention again, he said he'll send the waiter over, yet no one came.

This happened at least 4 times. Our stomachs were truly hurting at this point, and kind of interfering with our enjoyment of the comedians (who were funny). I think at some point "hunger delirium" took over and we were laughing to distract ourselves from the hunger pains.

Eventually someone came (some time after the Headliner had started his set), took our order. After another 15-20 minute wait, the overpriced, tasteless, greasy "bar"-type food arrived, which we ate with much sadness (even as we laughed with the comedians).

We finished our meal just as the entire show was ending. We paid our tab with credit card. They had the nerve to write "20% gratuity recommended". I paid the exact amount, and pointedly wrote $0.00 gratuity. The next day I checked my bank statements (as I do every few days especially after going out to dinner), and you wouldn't believe it: they OVERCHARGED me by $10. I called my bank and opened a dispute, which was resolved IN MY FAVOR within 48 hours.

This experience led us to believe that Helium Comedy Club is understaffed, overpriced, and FRAUDULENT. We don't plan on going back here for a VERY long time, probably not ever again. If YOU do, be sure to eat before going.
Don't bother going to helium if you have a large crowd of friends and are eine the later show because they will automatically hound you and say you are being too loud and throw you out and then tell you you can't refund your ticket!!!
Came for a comedy event thrown by the Comedy Club at Wharton. It was nice to see my friends perform and all the but the service was just horrid and it really affected my experience at this establishment. 

I had a seat at the front row but was the only person not asked or served drinks! Then when I get up to ask a waitress, she tells me she can't help me because I'm not sitting in her "area". Unacceptable.
Expect to overpay for food that's not that good to begin with.  There's a minimum food/drink quota you need to spend inside.  They drinks at the outside bar won't count towards that. I'm not a cheap sob but $22 for a bourbon and a beer is a bit much, especially for cheap bourbon.  The one lack luster employee is lucky I didn't knock him the F out for talking down to my girl. (If he says he's a bouncer then that's the funniest thing I've ever heard because he looks like a meager drug addict whose balding and carries a 2 inch peen.)
 I only give 2 stars because the comedian was funny or I'd vote Zero Stars due to overpriced terrie food and a rude employee.  
If you want better food, eat before you arrive.
I went to Helium for a double date to see Iliza Schlesinger last night. I had a hilarious evening with the boyfriend and two friends. The openers got us well-warmed up for the main act (she had all of us in hysterics), and we got there early enough to get a good seat. 

We grabbed some drinks before the show and the bartender was very generous with her pours--which ensured that we were very willing to laugh later. Jared and I both got coffee with liquor before moving onto the specialty cocktails ($10). We also had the chicken fingers and fries, which were A-OK. The fries were thick-cut and the chicken came with three sauces (bleu cheese, hot, and ketchup). A good snack to munch on when you want to keep your eyes on the show.

Make sure you get there about an hour before the show so you have time to get a drink and wait for the doors to open. The closer you are to the front of the line, the better your seats will be. There is also a two-item minimum in the showroom, but that was easy to meet because we came a little hungry and *very* thirsty.
I've always great experiences at Helium when it comes to the comedy, but always terrible experiences when it comes to the service. Last time I was at a show, it took an HOUR to get our drinks, and we were in the first 20 people sat. It takes forever to get a drink, so if you plan to get more than one, order them at the same time. There is a 2 drink minimum, but I have never ever ordered to drinks, and never had a problem. They always bring the checks out about 15 minutes before the show ends, which is very distracting, and the comics always comment on it. I've never tried the food, it doesn't look very good. Everything is overpriced, as you'd probably expect.
Have been here now twice. Both times it was during the summer and they cannot seem to figure out their AC situation. You're packing 120+ people into a venue plus the poor comics on stage, it needs to be warmer. The servers are nice and it's pretty well organized but it's difficult to enjoy yourself when it's super warm in there.

Food is decent, nothing special, just had some apps/picky foods. 

Honestly would really like to enjoy this place but they need to get the AC under control.
My husband wanted to take me to a comedy show here for my birthday...and I was happy to just have the weekend off from work. This venue is really cramped, I don't know if they were just trying to pack the venue to maximize profit for the show but move your arm suddenly...and you've  just accidentally poked someone's eye out. Because of the small space, when others are ordering drinks or food, it kind of interrupts the experience for you because the server was hovering over you and the actual person ordering while you're trying to concentrate on the entertainment. 
Also you may get bumped into several times. 

In addition to the close quarters, there was no AC in the space but some fans...even the comedian had to comment on that. The environment wasn't unbearable though, was ok. 

I was also confused by how seating was assigned. Some of it seemed to be VIP or more expensive tickets in the front, which is to be expected. However, the other seats seemed to be randomly assigned and obviously some are better than others but it definitely wasn't a first come first served sort of thing. Seemed a little unfair. 

I had a good time but that's mostly bc the performers were talented. I'll probably try out some other places first (unless it's a comedian I REALLY want to see) before I come back to helium.
Been to tons of comedy shows in NYC and went to try this club for a special event. Very disappointed. They charge you 5$ for using credit cards to buy tickets as a service fee...online AND even in person...never seen that anywhere. Fine. Arrive there so long line and show is already delayed by 30 mins cause of line. So buy a drink from the bar and go back in line. By the time I reach entrance after maybe 1 sip of drink they let you know that there is a 2 purchase minimum. Keep in mind this was a full priced event and no where outside do they inform you of that. Usually drinks minimums are perfectly fine in free or heavily discounted not at full price and they inform you ahead of time. Get inside and the stage is terribly designed. So many seats are way off to the side that will barely see the stage. Pretty disappointing comedy venue.
Came here on a whim because it was close to our hotel and we were looking for something to do on a Thursday night. The comedian Owen Benjamin was performing. Tickets were super reasonable, and this was my first legit comedy club experience, so I was really excited for it. 

The drinks were reasonably priced (about $10 for a mixed drink), and they had typical pub food on the menu (mozzarella sticks, nachos, etc), but we'd just come from dinner, so didn't try any of the food. The mixed drinks were heavy pours and well-mixed. Our Moscow mules went really well with the comedy. 

We were treated to a quick set by a local comedian, followed by the official opener. Both were very funny. Own Benjamin came out and had us in stitches the entire time. It was easily the best money we spent on our vacation. We wanted to come back on Sunday for Craig Robinson, but both of his shows were already sold out. 

Highly recommend visiting Helium Theatre!
Very disappointed in their customer satisfaction response (none btw!). If you can encounter a problem, do not expect anyone to fix the issue. 

A group of 6 of us went out to celebrate my brother-in-laws bday and were excited to go out for some drinks and laughs. Got a stern text from my sister to be on time because we had to be there by 7:30 (no later). We got there a bit early to grab drinks but doors were locked so we went down the street to get our drink on. Came back and doors were still locked. We saw someone go in but  no lights. My sister called but no one picked up. Left a voicemail and never received a phone call back. Very unprofessional!!!
First time at Helium Comedy club tonight for Jimmy O. Yang's show and the dude was hilarious. The two comedians that opened for him were also terrific, I honestly wasn't expecting this much, but this was the best $80 spent on front row seats. My husband and I were literally touching the stage. There is a 2 item minimum as well and food/drinks you get on your own at the bar does not count towards this 2 item minimum. The staff was great as well, and our food and drinks arrived promptly. Can't wait to be back!
When you're at your wits end, head to Helium for witty banter from a host of professional comedians. Check out the schedule online to find an act that could fit your budget and particular sense of humor, and head over.

Arrive early to claim your tickets, and keep in mind that there's a two-item order minimum. They serve basic cocktails, wines and beers, like Victory's Golden Monkey and Allagash White, as well as your typical fried foods.

I've been here twice in semi-recent times. My first visit was back in August...directly after a super-crappy incident while driving in Jersey. It's safe to say I needed a laugh, and the 'Undateable' guy who was performing that night sure did help!

My second visit was to see Judah Friedlander of 30 Rock fame with a group of friends. We had great seats and Judah hosted a fun, interactive set. I even made a contribution and he blankly stared at me! It was great. One of my life's greatest moments.

It's awesome that the comedians are so accessible here, too. After the show, I was able to get my photo taken with Judah and we decided that we should become Facebook buds. While that didn't actually happen, he did follow my Instagram...and is still following it, which is cool.

So, basically, expect fun times in a small but comfortable comedy club when you step into Helium.
Someone from Helium did finally contact me. :-) My email that was sent went to their junk mail area and the voicemail was never checked, but the person in charge of social media (I think?) contacted me and was xtremely nice. She was very appologetic.They are working to resolve the issue. I'm so glad that the people here do care about customers.

This review will be updated once more when I finally come back for a show! Can't wait for some laughter! :-)
Some friends invited us to Helium with them, so they wouldn't have to share a table with some strangers.  The four of us set out and arrived two hours early to get our tickets.  We left to hit up food somewhere else and then came back.  A line formed to get in, but I don't know why people cared that much.  Almost everyone in the line, who were the first ones there had seats all the way in the back.  I'm not sure where the reserved tickets and general admission end, but we were off to the side.  There was a two item minimum at our table, but we easily met those requirements.  Drinks prices were alright.  The opening comedians were funny and the main event was enjoyable too.  A decent night out, but I'm in no rush to come back.  It's a lot of work to have a mediocre seat.  Maybe I'm spoiled by movie theaters and sporting events which assign you a seat ahead of time...
Horrible Horrible Horrible x1000! Do people not listen when you speak to them anymore? My husband's birthday was last week and a group of us all had plans to go to Helium for some laughter. I got home from work and pulled out my coupon for admission for 6 to Helium on Wed or Thurs (I received it from a silent auction during Taste of the Nation). My husband reread the terms and it stated "Reservations are required" Crap!! 

So I get on the phone and said "Tonight is my husband's birthday and my entire party is on their way to your club to celebrate. I did not know reservations are required until I just reread the coupon. Would I still be able to make reservations for tonight?" Guy over the phone says that I could and takes down my information and then tells me to not be there any later than 7:30 as the show starts at 8. That was fine because we were planning on getting drinks and appetizers at the bar there. We arrive a little bit after 6:30 but before 7, and the door was locked and inside was pitch black. Ok....weird! So we went somewhere else to get some drinks. We came back at 7:30, and the same thing (locked and dark). Left again and came back at 8 (DARK AND LOCKED!!!!!) I called them that night, left a short message regarding what happened. I then opened the email confirmation the box office guy sent and he booked us for the following night! What happened when I said "tonight"? Why didn't he tell me there was no show tonight and they had something the next night?

The next morning, I tried calling again, and no answer again. So, I emailed them what happened. It's been 4 days and I have not received a call or an email back yet. No apology or anything! My husband's birthday was a game of waiting and leaving and waiting and leaving. Such a waste of time!
I love  the acts bought to this place what I don't like is the way ticket holders were treated this New Year's Eve. Let me first preface this by saying I purchased my ticket as soon as the NYE headliner was announced.I decided that this year because I was going by myself and not staying in town like I did last year when I came to Helium and  saw their midnight show I would purchase a general admissions ticket..This year II received an invite in my email for free food before the show. I decide to skip that and just head on out to the 8p show. I arrived at 730p and was told to wait outside because I had a general admission ticket not a reserved ticket . Hence the process of being treat like a red headed step child begins.Why was I not greeted and told to sit at the bar? The girl who checked my ticket was very dismissive and handed me  ticket back and walked away. I knew right then and there this place had over booked and was trying to work around it.When they finally let us in  Three young girls and a the male they were with  tried to push their way ahead of the people in line. I loudly reminded them they needed to get behind the 3 people ahead of me  I was given a corner seat while reserve seats went unfilled.I asked the usher  to change my seat 2 times.He seemed annoyed. The good part. The headline  comedian was smart enough to observe unfilled seats and he let a couple that were jammed in the corner come up front and sit in those seats. My drink was decently made.The salsa  and chips I ordered was not .They went  untouched. As I said before the acts bought to this place are decent... but seating system sucks and once again we have a case of management that does not have a clue how to organize and run an event  for a busy night. Oh yeah one more thing we were given a free pass to visit back on a Weds or Thursday night. Only the big acts play on the weekends. If anyone wants the pass let me know.
I only can't give 5 since I did not see a show but I can't wait to. Was in town with Craig Robinson and the Nasty Delicious and the staff, venue, vibe, food, drinks, and all the rest was amazing. Made me proud to be from Philly and I can't wait to get back to support some local acts. helium you rock such a great night!
I've been here about a dozen times over the past couple of years. It's always a fun night. I don't actually follow a lot of famous comedians, so almost every time I've gone to Helium it's because my friends and I just felt like going out for some laughs. For that, it has always delivered.

-The $5 amateur open mic every Tuesday night is a bargain! You see about 20 aspiring comedians, from polished regulars to nervous first timers - it is really a grab bag. There is still the 2-item minimum but we usually either just make that our dinner, or plan drinks and dessert there. The open mic night is never crowded either, and as I assume most the audience is the comedians' friends/family, the atmosphere is pretty supportive and good-hearted. Drawback to this is if you go frequently, you'll end up seeing a lot of the same people doing the same jokes.

-Food is OK, nothing noteworthy or unusual but it is satisfying and generously portioned. My only gripe is the salsa served with the nachos tastes like it came out of a jar. I do like to order something like nachos that will last a while, as a diversion in case things get awkward on stage.

-Service can be uneven. It's really nothing to ruin my night or keep me from returning, but I can almost count on something going wrong each time. Once I asked for an extra glass of water that was never brought. Once I asked for no jalapenos on my nachos, but there were jalapenos on my nachos. Once I asked for honey mustard for my chicken fingers, and got no sauce at all. And seems like there's almost always an issue with the checks. No matter how many times my friend and I have asked for separate checks, we are still brought a combined check or one time, separate checks but with our items mixed up and we still had to shuffle cash around. Now I always just bring cash so I can pay my friend back if necessary. Actually the last time I was there, everything went smoothly (knock on wood?).

-Also, based on experience I strongly suggest viewing the menu in advance and ordering EVERYTHING you think you'll want ALL AT ONCE, even any desserts or additional drinks. Don't count on being able to order anything additional mid-show. It's not like a restaurant where your server keeps checking on you. You'll definitely see a server at least 4 times: once before the show to order, once to bring your order to the table, once to bring your check near the end of the show, and once to collect payment. Whether you see them at any other times may depend on how busy it is and how big the crowd is. This is actually OK with me because I don't want to be interrupted a bunch of times during a show, but it is something to be aware of.

-Crowdedness - The ramp/hall to get from the main entrance down to the performance area can be a bottleneck before and after bigger shows. The showroom is packed as close as possible during popular shows too, so you may end up sharing your tiny table with strangers.

-Prices - average I guess, I usually end up spending between $25-35 on about 3 items. The fancy cocktails are around $9-11 but they are tasty and strong.

-Temperature of the showroom is always on the cold side in my opinion so bring a sweater.

-Don't get caught using your phone during the show, especially not in the front row, unless you want to get heckled! I've seen this happen and it was sooo awkward.

Overall a fun time, especially if you know what to expect before you go.
Todd Glass was horrible. An angry man who has lost all relevance. I don't need a 20 minute dissertation about how to listen to your set. A ton of shtick and boring jokes, even the two piece band looked like they were falling asleep. We decided to leave halfway through because we enjoy comedy and he was strangling it to death. Other than that the service was great and we will be back just never to see Todd Glass.
Of the comedy clubs I have visited in Philly, Helium is definitely my favorite. The performance space is very open with decent site lines and comfortable table seating (which is more than I can say for Laff House). There is also a bar with a small lounge area that makes for a great preshow/happy hour hang out space. Drinks are a little pricey, but you get what you pay for.

It's usually not too packed on the weekdays, but there are decent acts almost every night. 

I recommend signing up for their email list if you are a fan of live comedy. They often send out 2 for 1 ticket offers which are valid for some decent national act shows. This makes the 2 drink minimum a little easier to digest.
This is a cute little comedy club and they get some funny, funny people in here to perform.  The 2 drink minimum (you can get food in lieu of drinks) kinda sucks as it forces you to spend MORE money - but hey, that's kinda how it is.

Nicely run - we had fun and will return.

It's great to laugh!
I like things that make me laugh. I like people who make me laugh and I like places where I can laugh...a lot. For these reasons, I really really like Helium. After having been to comedy clubs in New York City and more recently in Boston (ok, a theater not a club but still...), I've learned that what I really want out of a comedy show (in addition to the comedian) is the ability to get up and pee and a decent drink list...Helium has what I need. Where places like Comedy Cellar and Wilbur Theater pack their guests in like sardines, Helium offers you your own table with room to scoot if you must (even if you're sharing the table with other guests). Where Carolines offers $15 cocktails, you can still get a reasonably priced craft beer at Helium for under $7. Where other comedy clubs require a 2-drink minimum per person, Helium has a 2-item minimum so if you're a soda drinker and appetizer nosher you still meet the criteria. The place could use a better traffic flow as the doors get jammed up for general admission and trying to get to the bathroom from the bar is damn near impossible, but otherwise a pretty sizable space for enjoying yourself both in and out of the theater. It's great that many comedians choose to step out of the theater after the late show to meet and greet guests and more often than not last minute tickets are able to be purchased at the door so if you're looking for a fun weekend event check their lineup and get ready for a good giggle.
$5 dollar open mike night? Awesome!  

Very intimate seating and small stage really makes you feel that you are with the comic instead of wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy far awayyyyyyyyyyy as some of the larger venues that the bigger acts play. 

Required 2 item minimum.  I wondered what would happen if I didn't meet that, would I get kicked out?  I didn't really see the staff pressuring anyone to make sure they get those 2 things in.   I went with the French Kiss ( Kahlua, amaretto, hot coffee and hot chocolate) and the mac & cheese trio.  I wasn't really impressed with the mac and cheese.  Not for $10.  But they definitely have other things on the menu that if I ever go back, I would be fine.
Technically I would give this place 2.5 stars if I could. I went here on Saturday night and was totally disappointed! :( I've been coming to Helium on and off for years. I bought two tickets online for the 9:30 show for Don "DC" Curry. I paid an additional $7 per ticket to get the "reserved ticket" which basically meant a table was reserved for me and I wouldn't have to arrive early and wait in the line. Plus the $3.60 "handling fee" per ticket, they came out to $77.... We got there at 9pm to pick up our tickets at will call. We didn't have to wait in line at the box office. Went around to the second window and picked our tickets right up. We were told we could wait by the bar as we didn't have to wait in line for seats/a table. Once they opened the door thugh, it was a bit crazy. All the people who were standing in line for an hour to get their seats were all going into the exact same door and hallway as all the people who didn't have to stand in line and were just waiting by the bar. After squeezing through the small hallway, we reached the hostest stand and we were showed to our table. Which was in the center but 4 rows back from the stage. I have never sat so far away any other time I've been there. Apparently, they changed the layout a bit. The stage used to stick out a bit and there used to be lots of open space around it and on the sides. For some reason, they put up walls on either side of the stage which seems to cut down on seating as well as not being as visually appealing. And almost every single table in the place was reserved. If I had been standing in line for a table, I would have been pissed. As it was, I was annoyed I had paid the extra money and was basically sitting in the back. there were only two rows of tables behind us. There is a two item per person requirement and most stuff on the menu costs at least $10. Our server was friendly. We only got drinks, no food. The opening acts were good and Don was great! But overall, I was really disappointed by the changes they had made, their system and the seating of the place. Seems like greed is getting the better of them and they're just cramming as many people in there as they can now. Disappointing.
This is the best stand-up club in the city, hands down. Located near Rittenhouse Square they've got a nice, new space with a great layout and two bars outside the main room. I went for an afterparty at the Philadelphia Improv Festival and was impressed with the drink selection and how clean and nice the place was.

Open Mic on Tuesday night is a good time and the weekend usually features good acts.
Pretty cool place.  Comedians were funny.  Crowd was pleasant.  All is well.

My only qualm would be that the bathrooms could have been cleaner.  We went to the 10PM show - which could have been the reason why.

Get ready to make some new friends!  If you go in a party of 2 and sit in the back you'll sit with another couple if it's a busy night.  I didn't mind this, but some may.

Overall, very pleased with the service and the show - will definitely be going again.
I enjoyed the show at Helium, however, the "security" is rude and awful. My friends and I were enjoying the show and laughing and this representative of the Helium Establishment came up to us twice about "talking"... We were laughing at the show. He ruined the show for us and I may never come to an event here again. It's a shame that Helium cannot employ people that know what comedy is and permit people to enjoy the event. This person was a nuisance and ruined my night.
I liked the way they have organized seating because even if you're not in the front rows, you're easily able to view the stage. 

Saw Joe List today. He was awesome!! So so so funny, I couldn't stop laughing. Even the other filler comedians were really good! 

There's a two item minimum per person; however, they didn't seem to be too strict about it since 1 of 4 of us only ordered one item. I ordered the chicken and waffle and while it was hot it was really tasty. It was served with two sauces - buffalo sauce and a sweet sauce. I paid $17 for that + $4 for a bottle of water.
Came here for a comedy show one night that I had purchased earlier in the day on a whim.  I got tickets for the later show figuring we would have dinner first.  We stopped in before dinner to get the tickets to avoid having to do so afterwards.  So apparently the first show started late which caused the 2nd to be pushed back as well.  The 10pm show wasn't seated until 11:30.  While it wasn't totally the venues fault it was exhausting none the less, standing outside in line for over an hour... this is why I don't go to night clubs.  And I'd love to know how it is that the seats are selected, once you get up to the entrance of the showroom they have someone take you to your seats which isn't a bad idea I'm just curious how they do the seating because it isn't in the order in which you came.  There is a two item minimum which I don't mind... seeing as we had dinner before I had considered a drink and a dessert but ended up getting two drinks because by the time I had went to do my second order it was kind of loud and my waitress kind ushered me into "another?" so I agreed.  The venue itself is a little dated, but clean, and they pull in great comedians, so I will likely be back, not necessarily because I can't do without but because if a comedian I want to see is going to be there, I'm going and will know what to expect.
I bought 7 "reserved" seats for my birthday and received a confirmation stating the show started at 8:30. At 8:04 I received a phone call from Helium which I missed but immediately returned. The staff did not answer. The voicemail they left did not state they would be selling my seats to someone else. I arrived at the club at 8:17 When I arrived I was informed by the girl at the box office that our tickets had been sold to someone else because we were not there in time and the show started at 8. I told them about the accident and how I tried to call back and how could they just resell tickets that were reserved, what's the point of buying reserved tickets. All they could say was "It's in our disclaimer" I asked for a refund they said no, I asked for a gift certificate they said no, and then I asked if I could get into a later show and they said they had overbooked that show because all the people never show up. So basically they are banking on people buying tickets and not showing up. They did nothing to accomodate me and basically told me you are screwed. I have now filed a complaint with the better business bureau and a dispute with my credit card company. This is a shady business at best.  
I bought 7 "reserved" seats for my birthday and received a confirmation stating the show started at 8:30. At 8:04 I received a phone call from Helium which I missed but immediately returned. The staff did not answer. The voicemail they left did not state they would be selling my seats to someone else. I arrived at the club at 8:17 When I arrived I was informed by the girl at the box office that our tickets had been sold to someone else because we were not there in time and the show started at 8. I told them about the accident and how I tried to call back and how could they just resell tickets that were reserved, what's the point of buying reserved tickets. All they could say was "It's in our disclaimer" I asked for a refund they said no, I asked for a gift certificate they said no, and then I asked if I could get into a later show and they said they had overbooked that show because all the people never show up. So basically they are banking on people buying tickets and not showing up. They did nothing to accomodate me and basically told me you are screwed. I have now filed a complaint with the better business bureau and a dispute with my credit card company. This is a shady business at best.
I've not been to a comedy club in a number of years  but last night we went to 10pm show at Helium Comedy Club. I don't think I would mind the two item minimum purchase per person if the food and / or drinks were good but they weren't. I ordered a hurricane thinking it's kind of hard to mess that up, they did. We shared the sampler platter, it was mostly cold and greasy food (cheesesteak egg rolls, mozzarella sticks , fries and boneless chicken bites) but my husband enjoyed the draft beers (shrug). The stage was surprisingly very small but the venue is more spacious than I thought it would be. The show was nice and I would love to go back if the food and drinks I'm obligated to purchase were worth the money. 

FYI .... although the parking lot next door to the venue is convenient, the line of people waiting to get their cars was very long at the end of the show. I would suggest parking a few blocks away, metered parking is free after 10pm.
Went in to watch a show and loved all of it. The actual part where they preform is spacious yet intimate. It's easy to see the performer. 

The drinks are so cheap I think between my fianc's 3 beers and my 3 cranberry and vodkas the total was $50. It was wonderful. The service was good. The servers did the best they could because they serve while the show is going on. I would definitely visit this place again it was great.
I bought my tickets in July for a December show and were seated in the very back up against the wall next to a party that bought there tickets in June 6 months in advance! Very annoyed we both paid for the "boost" although I dont know what I was boosting.
Decent drinks, slightly overpriced and subpar food, and acts that vary from terrible to hilarious. 

That said, I've never had a bad time here. Great for dates (especially first dates), as well as a fun night with friends!
This is such a great spot to see a show!  A friend and I decided this afternoon to go to the show tonight.  It was at 8pm which was the perfect start time!
I love that there is a parking garage right next store!  So convenient!
Enjoyed a great show with lots of laughs (perfect for a comedy show! Lol).  And to be honest, the food and drinks are good too!  I had the chicken fingers and fries and my friend got the chicken Caesar salad.  I didn't drink alcohol tonight but had their drinks before.  And the staff is always friendly and helpful.
Wanted to add that they are now adding 20% gratuity to all checks.  I was not aware of this and tipped 20% on top of the bill that already had that amount on it.  I emailed the club when I got home because I couldn't figure out why my bill was as high as it was.  The woman who responded to my email was very nice, we chatted on the phone and she told me about the gratuity being added to all checks.  I too 20% all the time but would have never tipped on top of that.  Was disappointed but I've leaned my lesson-ALWAYS look at your itemized bill, even if it's in the dark at the end of a comedy show.
A must see! I've recently took a break from Helium and went to AC for a comedy show. Helium's consistent line up of stellar main acts, but also just as good mc's and opening acts blew away AC. There's a two drink minimum, but there's usually a happy hour in the bar beforehand. Also, they give out plenty of coupons on site and the back of each ticket is a, "Buy one get one free" coupon for your next show.

I've been to Helium at least 10 times, and each time I've left laughing. Great for a group event or a birthday. Be warned, many people like to heckle in this small venue, which irrates each and every comedian. Some have been known to walk off stage...
I will probably return to Helium simply because there is nothing else quite like it in the area and I am a sucker for some good stand-up.  I have seen Bill Burr and Bert Kreischer there.  Let's face it, I will not find them anywhere else in Philadelphia.

If you go to Helium, I recommend going on a weekday.  The first time I went was on a Saturday and while waiting for the show to start, everyone was herded to the bar area and forced to wait in a completely disorganized fashion.  This leads to a decent amount of pushing and some nasty looks.  (Some velvet ropes would make a big difference.)  But that is ok, everyone will lighten up in a few minutes when Bill Burr starts ranting about life's little frustrations.  Once you make it in and you are seated, you are faced with the two item minimum.  This would not bother me except that I am not sure what two items I would really want after going there.  Their beer selection is pretty disgraceful.  In one of the greatest beer cities in the country, my best option was hoegaarden.  I tried the chicken skewers on rice.  The chicken was dry and not very flavorful.  

To their credit, the service has been fine and their in-house comedians are very funny.
This place is great! I would give it 4.5 stars if the option was available but it's not 5 stars....we are talking comedy club food here. 

The club itself was absolutely perfect. There isn't a bad seat in the house and one of my companions was blown away by how close you all end up to the act (having seen the headlining comedian last time from a balcony in a large theater). The comedy room is a bit like a dungeon but you quickly forget that once you're immersed in the show. There is a two item minimum but it's pretty easy to hit it and we actually were one item short and they didn't charge us some arbitrary amount or anything to make up for it. Be sure to pay attention though as drinks ordered in the lounge beforehand do not in fact count toward the minimum. 

My group ordered the nachos for a snack. They weren't anything exciting (made with cheese whiz, you decide if that's a plus or not) and were topped with jalapeno slices, black olives and tomatoes...that's it.

The beer and drink list is pretty large and there were some strange florescent colored drinks in carafes going around the place so that might be something to order if you're planning to bring the comedy to another level.

The service was phenomenal and the act(s) were great. Bill Burr, who we went for was obviously funny but so were the opening act and the MC for the evening. I am definitely planning another trip to this place and to be honest don't even really care who I go to see; the venue is that entertaining.
This is a pretty typical comedy club.

 They serve pretty typical alcohol (Guinness draft, Coors light, generic red wine...) It has a pretty typical noise level. The space is pretty typically open. The design is pretty typically minimalist. The bathrooms are pretty typically clean. For all you service fiends out there, the service is pretty typically prompt. 

There is pretty typical comedy.
Watching the comedian Anjela J. Awesome show but so freaking hot in the room. Insane how they are cramming so many folks without adequate HVAC.
