Sweet love of all byobs, howdy Helm! Adore, adore, adore.

It's been so long since I've frequented an amazing byob in these parts, I had almost given up, but then Helm walked through my door... or ahem, I walked through their doors and sat down with anticipation. 

I was apprehensive, because I wanted this place to be amazing and it was, in every possible way. 

The food, my friends, the food!  

Interior, so coolly casual, like the service.  Restrained, informative, well-paced. 

Ingredients fresh and executed so perfectly.

To start asparagus with boar ragu and an egg (each asparagus spear grilled and succulent); the grilled leeks with goat yogurt and soft shell crab with a basquaise sauce.  Then the amish chicken and the delectable lamb with turnips and garlic with all the proteins cooked to temperature. Ending with a buttery gateau basque and the whole meal finished in a quiet flourish.

Oh me oh my, welcome home Helm.
Never thought I'd say this, but helm makes up for the loss of Matyson.

Book a table way in advance, because a two-top on a Friday evening at 8:30 is running about a month out. Rest easy in knowing that it is so worth the wait.

We each ordered an appetizer and entree and shared everything. The apps are are quite large, and one is more than enough for two people if you also each want an entree. First up we went with the smoked carrots, which were fantastically smoky, sweet, and delicious. Carrots are having a moment and I like it. The other app selection was decidedly unusual - roasted beets with a duck heart ragu. We got more bread (which was very good) so we could wipe the bowl clean. It was earthy and savory and incredibly hearty. Some kind of serious culinary genius thought that one up.

For entrees, we took other reviewers' advice and got a pasta, which on this night was a duck and nettle tortellini. Delicate, balanced, inventive, and very comforting. One of the best pasta dishes I've had in quite some time. The other entree was a lamb loin, served with mushrooms and a vibrant chimichurri-esque sauce. If pressed, I think I'd say I favoured the lamb, but both were exceptional and F gave the pasta a slight edge.

We were very full, but are loathe to pass up dessert. The gateau is a perrenial reviewer's favourite and was served that night with fresh local strawberries, yogurt, and a sweet/sour whipped cream. We fought each other for the last bite. The strawberries baked into the gateau were perfectly jammy and tart-sweet, surrounded by a soft rich cake that crisped slightly on the edges. It was magical.

The most insane part of this insanely good meal was the bill. $87 before tip. WHAT. HOW? It was as satisfying and special as our Serpico feast in December, for half the price. It rivals Matyson for quality, execution, and value, and has helped to fill that void in our lives. We did not BYO but I would recommend it!
I am one who usually bows down to creativity.  I am envious of the imagination some chefs have in their craft and then presented on the table in front of you and subsequently appreciated by your palate.  If you were walking through a museum, Helm's productions definitely would be categorized as abstract art, i.e. art that does not attempt to represent external reality, but seeks to achieve its effect using shapes, forms, colors, and textures.  And add the word "taste" to that definition.

OK, rant over. ;-)  Time to get down to the real nitty-gritty.

The blackboard menu was confusing at first, until our waiter explained in detail every dish.  If you can't see one of the two boards while each dish is being described to you, following the words flying out of a quick talking millennial's mouth could be a tad difficult.  I had no problem asking him to repeat each word which was slurred over.

The use of vegetables and grains was a major part of every dish, and their preparation had as much, if not more, effort into their creation and inclusion 

We shared a bunch of menu offerings and as I realize, the menu changes frequently so I won't describe every dish we had in detail, just the highs and not so highs.
Appetizers
--the beef carpaccio, cut into cubes, sat atop a disc of beautiful tasting sunchokes.  The beef a little difficult to enjoy in chunks, it would have had to be a different tender cut of meat or a thinner slicing to pull off perfect and easy delectability - 3 stars
--ravioli stuffed with puree'd red onion was fabulous - 5 stars
--farro soaked in lapsing tea before cooking, with some squash, was extremely interesting and a the most talked about dish during apps - 4 stars
Entrees
--the pappardelle special was amazing, with apple, a lite creamy sauce I can't remember - 5 stars
--the lamb was cooked perfectly rare-ish, but I found a little tough and chewy, but very tasty- 3 stars
--the lamb bolognese over the polenta was something you can sit with a bowl on your lap and eat all day - 5 stars
Dessert 
--we split the Gateau Basque with caramel sauce and peanuts, a perfect conclusion to a very good, complex foodie experience. - 5 stars

A couple of the dishes were more salty than the rest.  Too much salt is a distraction, but it did not take away from the depth of each dish.

The service was good.  The kitchen was slow when it came to our entrees vs our appetizers which came out in a normal amount of time, but it was Saturday night, the place was jumping.  Don't expect warm, cozy and romantic, it's a simple dining atmosphere..  Add this to my growing list of "Fave BYOB's".  I shall return!!
Just went out to dinner here with my Pastors. Ordered a variety of items, and our server mentioned portions are good sized. That was a lie, portions were tiny. And the hen was recommended and it was terrible. The food all was extremely salty, and we waited for over an hour for our food. Would
not be going back.
Made last minute reservations for Helm a couple nights ago, and lucked out with an 8:30pm slot.

It's been a few months since we were last here, but Helm never disappoints. This time around it's $45 for 3 courses, and still worth it.

It could be hard to get excited about the menu since there are no descriptions, but having been here a few times, I think I can trust Helm, and Helm always gives you a few options to choose from.

On this night, I had the smoked carrots for my first course, and my husband had the salad with NY strip. Both were delightful and the portions were generous. We were pretty satiated after that.

Then came the lamb, deep fried and even bigger than you can imagine. Also very good, and very tender.

For dessert, we both had the pineapple cheesecake, which was excellent. I have to say I enjoyed their winter menu very much.

And service was on point. Can't wait to go back!
Exceeded expectations. Farm to table, BYOB, amazing flavor, fantastic service and overall one of the best dinners in Philly. This is a must go-to date night spot!
Dining at Helm was a much more unique experience than I initially gave it credit for. Upon arriving, I rolled my eyes at the chalkboard menu featuring farm-to-table fare with dishes listed by their three primary ingredients (i.e. "beef, kale, sunchoke" and "lamb, polenta, bolognese"). It seemed pretentious. (Full disclosure: I also resented that it was BYOB and I forgot wine. Poor me, right?)

Soon enough, I realized that Helm creates and serves the sort of dishes that don't need flowery descriptions because the ingredients powerfully speak for themselves. All five dishes I shared with a friend were total standouts - and we were STUFFED by the end. A succulent lamb bucatini dish, fragrant paella with crispy rice, scallop-stuffed squid with tabbouleh, a rich, decadent mushroom & eggs dish and some pierogis (I forget what these came with).

Fresh, simple dishes with some seriously tremendous flavor. I get it now. Helm is truly a special place. While the dishes are small, they're quite filling & completely satisfying. Only $60 for dinner for two! I'd be back in a heartbeat if I lived closer.
Helm knocked it out of the park with our dinner last night! The three of us arrived at 5:30pm for outdoor dining yesterday and had first pick of the two four top tables. There were a few two top tables too. The tables were all safely distanced away from each other. All the restaurant staff were practicing safe guidelines, and wearing gaiter masks and gloves. 

As we sat ourselves, our server brought over menus, a pitcher of cold water, and cups for water and our wine that we brought. We didn't need long to decide what we wanted to eat as we had already checked out the menu of the week over Instagram and the offerings looked great. $25 for 3 courses is such a steal. And still letting us BYOB during corona times? How could you not love this place?

The three of us have similar tastes and pretty much ordered the same foods. Starting with our first courses, my friend and I had the salad made with grilled lettuce, smoked shitake, and blue cheese dressing. My husband had the fried bucchini blossoms with Basquaise sauce. Our server brought our food out in compostable plates, which isn't the prettiest but is actually really smart and understandable in the current COVID times. We all enjoyed our first course. My friend and I really loved our salads. The sundried tomatoes in the salad was perfection and so yummy. The Shitake mushrooms were the whole reason I ordered the dish, but I am just so in love with the sundried tomatoes. 

For our second course, all three of us ordered the scallops. This was probably everybody's favorite dish of the night. The scallops were huge, and cooked nicely, and served on top of a layer of asparagus. I'm not really sure what this magical sauce was made of but it complemented the scallops and asparagus so well and we could not get enough of it. For an additional $8, you can get these yummy tempura leeks added to your meal. We didn't know this was actually a signature dish, but were glad our server recommended it. You really get a sizable portion of leeks, so our server advised that two would be enough for the three of us, and they were.

Finally for our desserts, my husband and my friend had the blueberry cobbler while I had the strawberry crumbcake. Helm did not scrimp on the desserts at all! These are quality desserts and tastes legit. The whole dinner probably took an hour and a half, which was really nice, because this was what I missed the most about dining out. 

I'm not really sure how Helm is pushing out such delicious, quality foods and only charging restaurant week prices, but do hope they are doing okay financially. If you haven't gotten a chance to check it out, definitely do yourself a favor and make a reservation or get their 3 course dinner for takeout. You won't be disappointed!
Recently had dinner for 4 at Helm on a Saturday evening. We had reservations for 630 and arrived on time. The food was good. We ordered 5 different appetizers to share and 3 entrees, also to share. 
Again, the food was good. But while we were still eating, the waitress started asking if we were done with one plate. 
We also ordered desserts. And after we finished the desserts, i asked if the waitress could get me another beer that we had brought. 
Then she comes back, asking if we could take the beer "to go", because we've been there for 2 hours and that they have another reservation waiting!!??
This is the first time ever I have actually been asked to leave a restaurant!!?? Weirdest experience ever!!! Total let down after a lovely dinner.
The best new BYO in town? Maybe it is (it is). Maybe it isn't (lies).

Either way, any restaurant with this caliber of food that is not above having a keg of Miller High Life to serve to waiting patrons (or my husband who could care less about the nice bottle of wine I brought) is okay by me. Nice touch, Helm. Nice touch.

And their pasta game is ON POINT. If you don't order AT LEAST one pasta dish, you're a fool and we have nothing more to say to each other. The red curry ravioli special and the kale, duck and gouda tortellini were solid winners for our party of three's favorite dishes of the night. Dare I say they were *almost* as good as the pyramid pasta at Mercato? I dare.

And the apple gateau? Save some room for this one. I consider myself a tenured professor in the desserts department and this is one of the best Philly has to offer.

Easily one of my favorite meals of 2015 (no lie).
Helm may be my new favorite BYO in Philly (perhaps only with the exception of Laurel!). My boyfriend and I had a wonderful dinner there last Friday evening for just a few cents less than $65.00 before tax and tip, and we were both wholly impressed with the experience from start to finish. 

As others have mentioned, Helm's seasonal menu rotates every few weeks and is listed on chalkboards rather than presented on paper. After being seated, our waitress opened our bottle of wine and gave us a few minutes to look over the chalkboard before explaining each dish in more detail, which served to increase our appetites in a good way prior to receiving any food. 

We first opted to share a farro appetizer that was among the most memorable appetizers we've had in a while. I ordered the lamb entrée, which included not only a perfectly cooked piece of lamb itself, but also a side of lamb ragout over a creamy risotto that was excellent. Although we don't normally order chicken while we are out (on the theory that it's relatively cheap and easy to cook at home), my boyfriend chose the chicken entrée here and was very glad he did -- chicken and a confit this moist and flavorful would be tough to recreate at home!

The only complaint we had was that the restaurant itself is small but has a relatively large number of tables, so it was a bit noisy and the unusually cold weather outside made the restaurant feel somewhat chilly/drafty as people kept opening the door every few minutes to walk in and out. Relatedly, Helm's location is a bit less than ideal as the neighborhood is not the most scenic and not particularly convenient to other bars for pre- or post-dinner drinks. Nevertheless, I am giving it five stars because Helm served perhaps the best lamb entrée I've ever had -- and the farro merits at least a couple extra bonus points!
Banging . Stellar. They know what they're doing.  Unpretentious, knowledgeable and charming service! Each dish has layered tones of flavor and texture.  Slow cooked and innovative --- the love is alive in the food!  The vibe is warm. Love the open big windows.  Simple decor that is rustic and elegant.  Gotta love a restaurant that's got bookcases of records and cookbooks in the dining room.  Keep up the great work guys and gals!
The food is fresh and seasonal at this charming BYO.

The space reminds me of eating dinner in someone's living room. It's got a homey feel to it - some call this cramped, but I call it quaint. My husband made reservations on a Sunday for the following Saturday and even that far in advance the only times that were available were 5:00 and 9:30. Moral - if you want to eat at Helm (and you definitely should), plan in advance.

The service was fantastic and I want to give a gold star to our server, who rattled off appetizer and entrée descriptions flawlessly. The food is probably some of the best I've ever eaten at a restaurant in Philly. Their menu changes based on what they retrieve from the farmers, so you never know what they're going to serve up, but it will most certainly be tasty. 

We specifically enjoyed the potato saffron ravioli appetizer. I got the lamb entree and the lamb sausage was exquisite. 

I can definitely see us coming back here, given the service and menu variety.
The success of Helm - full tables nightly - is nice to see.  I love it when enterprising restaurateurs have great success in an unlikely location (always loved eating at Taco Riendo next door) and continue the fine Philadelphia byob tradition.
After several dinners at Helm, I have some mixed feelings about this restaurant.  My biggest reservation is that the dishes are over-conceptualized, with too many ingredients listed that may or may not play an integral part in the tasting experience.  And many plates are heavy, lacking the requisite finesse such a melange of ingredients would require in order to be balanced. Yes, the flavors are bold but sometimes less is more.  Also, my last steak, while cooked to order, was of very poor quality, with fat and gristle making up a big part of the portion - that should not happen in a place like Helm.
As other reviewers have pointed out, the lengthy recitation of the menu - basically iterating the list written on the blackboard - is almost unbearable.  While I welcome additional information of particular choices if I ask for it, most menu items are self-explanatory and I assume that most patrons can read.  The simpatico maître d' repeats himself at every table with élan but, having overheard the list at two other tables, I wish nothing more than not having to hear it again.  Please print menus and simply write the specials on the black board (maybe they could be repeated to customers).
I can see why Helm has gotten such great reviews.  We lucked out and grabbed a table on a Friday night due to a cancellation - their loss!  (All the tables were full during the time we were there.)

The chalk board menu changes so often that I don't know if it's worth telling you what we had but: the Carrot, Chèvre, Basquaise was probably the best of the 3 appetizers we tried, with the other 2, Cucumber, Clam, Tzatziki and the Zucchini, Feta, Trout Roe, all being exceptionally good.

Our entrees were the perfectly cooked Duck with Fava Beans and the delicious Arctic Char, Cipollini and Chickpeas.

The room is plain and comfortable but as most Philly restaurants, on the loud-side.  The staff is well informed and I believe the Chefs were the ones that were bringing the entrees to the table and explaining them. 

With the above, including tax & tip, the bill came to around $100 - a great value for the high quality of food we enjoyed. (Remember - it's a BYO.)

We will definitely return.
Welcome to the 5 Star Club, helm!  This is one of the best restaurants I've been to in a while.  The location of the restaurant isn't too ideal, but they're really doing something right to draw people there.  The only thing they need to change is the signage out front.  I drove by it twice before finding it.  Hint to those reading this: it's right next door to the Mexican restaurant.  

This BYOB has a limited menu, but they've managed to pack it with creativity and a certain distinction for anyone who loves dining out.  All of the food tastes fresh and the best part is it's very reasonably priced for the quality of food.  The most expensive item was $25.  For an appetizer I had the Carrots, Chevre, Basquaise.  I like carrots, but helm gave me a reason to love them here.  They were smoked that gave it a completely different taste to them.  They were complimented nicely with the melted chevre cheese and the peppery basquaise sauce.  As for my entree, I had the NY Strip Steak, Broccoli, Jalapeno.  It was a large piece of steak that came out already sliced.  I usually get a steak medium, but they prepare it medium rare.  I might have found a reason to change my ways!  

Besides the food being amazing, the service was just as good.  They don't have menus, but rather a chalkboard.  Instead of just reading it, the gentleman who took the orders came over and gave an extensive and detailed description of each of the dishes making it a lot easier in making a decision.  This place definitely makes the list of ones to return to.  My one last piece of advice is to make a reservation as it's not an entirely big restaurant.
Everything about this is place is just a Yes!! Small BYO establishment in an area of the city that has not been overly doused with yuppy nonsense. Sadly if I can think of one thing negative to say about Helm is that this will bring in a lot of that because it is so great. 

An ever changing menu, my group of four got as much as we could and I am so happy we did that. Entree meats were cooked to perfection, appetizers and sides were refreshing, different, and inventive while still being understated somehow. 

Call up and make a reservation, it is so worth it.
tl;dr an austere New American BYOB in Olde Kensington, offering an ever-changing menu featuring seasonal ingredients

New American restaurants are frankly a dime a dozen in Philly. Most restaurants will declare themselves farm-to-table to some capacity. Helm is no different in that regard, but it's just been doing it for longer -- and better. The minimalistic spot, half a mile from the hustle and bustle of Fishtown, is quaint and comfortable. The bucolic atmosphere is a stark departure from the city, fitting only a handful of wooden tables within its unadorned light green walls. Offbeat artwork, a number of them featuring mushrooms, unassumingly decorate the space, and hardwood floors, antique chairs, and dim candle-lighting complete the look. The focal decoration of the restaurant is the menu colorfully chalked onto the walls, with each dish tastefully summed up in three ingredients.

My partner and I decided to visit early on a Friday evening, and we were shocked to find the restaurant basically empty. A waitress came up and carefully walked through each menu item with us -- I was very impressed that they can remember it all! We decided on the Swordfish, the Carrot, the Pork, and the Chicken. First up were the carrots and swordfish. The former were roasted, maintaining a crispy, but not crunchy, texture. The fermented bell peppers and tangy whipped chevre generated a biting acidity, which gradually transformed into a comforting savoriness of the sauce Basquaise. On the other hand, the swordfish was cooked nicely, with a heaviness that was nicely offset by the fresh flavors of melon and mint. The fennel was pickled and diced, offering a vinegar-y crunch. Unlike the carrots, the swordfish definitely felt more like an appetizer -- that is, the dish left me wanting a little something to push it over the top. The entrees were then brought out on antique china. The pork, slightly overcooked and somewhat chewy, was served beneath a cherry barbecue sauce, which while nicely sweet and spicy, definitely was a far departure from classic barbecue sauce. Sliced mushrooms and a whole charred shishito offered a welcome earthiness to balance out the tang. On the other hand, the chicken channeled more savory notes. The breast was braised, generating a delicious skin so crispy you could hear it. The meat was served beside a rich gravy and a pepper cornbread (which itself was topped with melted mozzarella and fried chicken). For dessert, we couldn't help but be tempted by the Gateau Basque, which was stuffed with a decadent blueberry filling, then topped with poppy-lemon curd and fresh blueberries. 

Our meal worked out to just a hair above $100 -- and we definitely saved money by bringing our own wine (in fact, there's a Fine Wine just a few blocks down Girard). I went back and forth between 4 and 5 stars for helm, but I had to give a nod toward the difficulty of a truly seasonal menu. The highs (the carrot, chicken, and tart) were out of this park, and may yet convince me to return sometime soon.
I love food more than anything in the world but I've never felt compelled to post a Yelp review until now.

I'm writing because I support what this place is doing with the food they serve and I want them to succeed. And because some of the dishes we tried there rendered me speechless, save for a few blissful moans but more on that later. Helm nailed it; interesting innovative menu, refined technique, complex dishes with simple platings. A cozy, intimate feel with chalkboards, bookshelves and a record player which felt reminiscent of being in someone's living room but with a lot of stemware and serious talent in the kitchen. 

It's a bit of an off-the-beaten-path location, (a block north of Girard) which translates to the sweet, sweet ample on-street parking that's become increasingly scarce these days. We were able to get same day weekday reservations for a medium-sized party. Eating out can be hit or miss, but I always jump at the chance of trying a new place with a bigger group and tasting the menu family style in order to try "all the things" in one dining experience. It is pretty much my favorite thing ever. 

Another thing I liked about Helm was its relaxed but attentive service. At first the menu *does* read a bit foodie, and needs a good bit of explanation but when the food hit the table it just felt like good eatin, no pretension. I enjoy watching the culinary scene here evolve and flourish, but some chefs are in show-off mode, one upping each other with trendy ingredients, techniques, artful plating, and overly conceptualized dishes. I grow wary of it and I was worried Helm would fall into that territory, but it did not. I am a fan of a more approachably worded menu however the food itself was simple, and well prepared with heart and soul innit. 

Don't be afraid to look stupid and ask your server what things are if you're anything like me and your eyes glaze over and you start fantasizing about the joys of dog ownership while someone is standing at the head of the table reading specials. Dishes like basquaise, piperade, with brandade and guanciale. What. Last night I ate all the things and I still don't know what a sunchoke is. Just shut up and get in my mouth. If the menu didn't change regularly based on local availability but I'd return for the: potatoes with mussels, smoked chèvre carrots, stewed tomatoes, smoked swordfish, cod entree, saffron sweetbreads, and the rabbit eggplant pasta.

As a refreshing change of pace, the chefs and line cooks ran our food and gave another breakdown of each dish, with a sense of pride and satisfaction. I really, really loved that touch. We also tried all three desserts of which we unanimously agreed the standout was the apple gasteau, a buttery bisquit tart pie thing. That gasteau was so retarded. Eloquence isn't exactly my strong suit but I am a pretty huge loudmouth and I couldn't even speak after I ate it. I needed a personal moment of silence. I could have slapped the forks out of everyone's hands and took the whole glorious thing to my face. I'm getting jittery just thinking about it.

So many of the dishes here are perfectly executed, on a I-wouldn't-change-a-thing level. The only thing I'd pass on second time around was a shaved apple salad. I would also like to see Helm offer more options before I'd send any vegetarians here, as the large majority of starters and all of the mains were meat/seafood based but then again their menu is fairly small. Regardless, Helm exceeded my expectations and I'm looking forwards to returning!
Really good food. Would recommend the polenta and lamb. And carrot dish. Dessert crisp was delicious as well. Really cute atmosphere with no menus just two chalkboards posted with options. Tiny tiny restaurant but size is independent of quality!!
not as crazy about as all the other reviews

app salads were a miss--totally overdressed--nothing special
3 out of 4 entrees were pretty delicious for the most part: skirt steak, tortellini with duck ragu, fancy pork and a fish dish (although this one was actually somewhat uninteresting) and mixed root veggies 
have to say te pasta was pretty skimpy for a $20 pasta...i get scarcity in duck ragu but throw in a couple more tortellinis!
desserts were good not great. choc pudding with black pepper had great taste, consistency a little weird, dining companions love the macerated pears which had a great taste but not really my thing. 

reciting of the menu and detail about each item by above-average, hot, hipster type chefs and waitstaff would be fabu if you were able to hear!! pretty loud.

parking sitch is great though because of the area--found a spot right out front--though I was there on early side i think.

it was on the inexpensive side. $50/pp with tax and tip for 4 people for 2 apps, 4 entrees, 4 desserts. 

with all the other restaurants to try though I probably would not go back, just saying. though I dont want to say that...but yea there I said it.
My friends and I came to Helm on New Years Eve. $70 per person for 3 courses. Two of us got the lamb entree. I can honestly say that I have never in my life tasted saltier food. It was unpalatable. Both of us could not finish the dish, and we both informed the server. 

It was extremely disappointing given the jacked up price for NYE. I don't think I can return to this restaurant. (Disclaimer: this was my one and only visit at Helm, so I cannot comment outside of this one meal)

Paying close to $100 (including tip) should provide a memorable dining experience, and unfortunately, that did not happen.
There are few times in my life that I can remember having a meal as good as the meal I had tonight at Helm. Everything we ordered was 5 star and the service was excellent. We started off with a bang! The carrot and goat cheese appetizer set the bar high and is a must for every visit at Helm. 

For our main courses we went with one tortellini, one flank steak and one Arctic char. Every single one of the dishes were cooked to perfection. My only regret is that I didn't order all 3 for myself.

For their last trick, they served us up the cherry tart and chocolate custard. Each dish was masterfully done and tasted delicious. 

Upon delivery of each dish, chef Matt would explain how they were made and answer any question that came to mind with the utmost patience. 

MARK MY WORDS, this restaurant is TOP 10 in the state of Pennsylvania and perhaps the best meal for your money in the entire nation. 

When I die, I hope to be buried in Helm and have chef Matt explain how I died of an overdose in a decidedly timely death. 

If you are on the fence about where to eat, look no further! Call Helm and when they tell you that they're booked for the night, beg them to put you on the waiting list!
WOW! After our meal, I walked into the kitchen and I told the staff, "this is better than Laurel." And it is! A premiere BYOB a little bit north of the action in Northern Liberties, Helm shines brightly because it is so set apart from its Rittenhouse and Passyunk East counterparts. A thoughtful, seasonal menu coupled with a cool, hip atmosphere makes Helm one of the best restaurants in the city.

I have to remark first and foremost about its modest price point. Two starters, two entrees, two desserts came under $100. That's just unbelievable considering the incredible quality of ingredients and the evident care that the kitchen put preparing our meal.

I ordered a swordfish, maitake, apple appetizer--tender fish blasted with high heat allowed for a great contrast of flavor and texture. The eggplant tempura was ethereal! A creative appetizer delicately prepared and very hard to mimic.

As an entree, it was rare lamb with meatballs and scalloped potatoes. Also expertly prepared with umami all over, and a surprisingly delicate rutabaga side.

My data got the sweet potato and crab ravioli, she remarked on the seemingly odd pairings, but most notably that they worked. I agree. Thoughtful, interesting, and well curated.

For dessert it was pumpkin pie set in a French pate sucree crust, and chocolate, cashew, and caramel. Both were outstanding. Such an incredibly satisfying end to our meal. 

Hip and humble. Helm is a star in Philadelphia. Highest recommendation.
I LOVED IT!!! What a lovely experience from our enthusiastic server to the delicious food and chill ambiance. I dined with 2 other friends and we shared 6 plates and 2 desserts.  Total was $123.00. It is BYOB, but they do take credit cards (smart!).

As the night progressed, some of the accompaniments on the menu chalkboard changed. It's a very clever way to move product. We had the Duck Breast with sauteed greens, but then as the greens ran out, the other diners has theirs with fava beans. I took photos but tried not to be That Chick. But the sun coming in through the windows offered a light that I could not ignore!

There is lots of energy and heart put into this project. I am spreading the good word out of my big mouth and telling everyone to get over there. And don't forget to tip your server in cash because we really appreciate it!
YUM! yum yum yum yum YUMMY! 

With Modo Mio Closing last week I was on the hunt for another neihborhood BYOB that would offer me extraordinary plates that would be always exciting, and sometimes weird. Found it! There were four of us and we ordered 2 entrees, six appetizers, 2 desserts and shared everything. This is the way to go folks!! We split our bill and it ended up being $50 per person including tax and a 25% tip. Even our least favorite dish was amazing. And yo, the carrots are no joke!
Helm is the first restaurant I have visited where it seems that they respect and encourage the heavy use of vegetables in almost every dish without turning the whole place into a vegetarian or vegan experience.  Everyone else seems to cater to EITHER a protein/meat/fish lover OR a vegetarian.  Can't we diners can be taught to respect a meal that is say, 80% vegetables and 20% meat?  Looks like it judging by the popularity of Helm.

I actually felt healthier after leaving here, but also full and not the kind of full where you know you will be hungry again in an hour, but honestly full.  Do they advertise this strength of vegetables?  No, you have to figure it out for yourself and maybe you won't even notice, you will just be transformed.  But enough of all this, was it a great dinner?  Yes.

You have probably already read that the menus are on the wall and the server goes through each item.  Others have also said, tell no one about this place.  Agreed on both.

The carrot chèvre had about 7 heirloom roasted carrots that were incredibly flavorful, the cheese was great for dipping each bit of carrot and the sauce was sublime, crispy bits great!  Best to share...

Escargots and brussels sprouts were interesting because there were probably twice as many brussels as snails, and because they looked very similar to each other, I just grabbed wherever my fork took me and was surprised with every bite.  Sneaky vegetable trick again!  The hazelnut sauce was a great compliment, adding complexity to the dish.

Again the vegetable trick, you saw duck confit with gouda and kale on the menu.  But most of the dish was the kale stuffed ravioli with a gouda sauce and some duck sprinkled on top.  I was concerned that it would be heavy but didn't know that the kale would be prominent without being...  well, kale-y?

Impeccable but casual service with young staff that made you feel comfortable.  The crowd here ranges from 20-somethings to 80-somethings.  They are obviously pleasing people from all backgrounds.  Absolutely super.
This restaurant was on Philly's top 50, so we decided that we had to try it.  We made a reservation and glad we did because the place is small.

Weirdest thing was that their menu is on a chalkboard - and it only has the 3 main ingredients.  So the waiter came by and ran through every item.  Which is great for their memory recall, but it was hard to figure out what I wanted to order because I'm a visual person and she just verbally told us.

Anyways, we ended up getting:

Apps: Spaghetti Squash, Marinara, Pepato and Sunchoke, Brussels, Szechuan

Dinner: Chicken, Sunchoke, Confit and Lamb, Spinach, Sour Cream

Everything was really salty.  My least favorite dish was the lamb - never been a big fan of lamb - but the potatoes on the side were AMAZING.  I think my favorite dish was the chicken.  It was cooked so perfectly and the skin was AMAZING.

Also note that this place is BYOB!

Not sure if I would come back to this place, just because there are so many other places in the city that I want to try and this place wasn't out of this world.
This is my favorite restaurant.
My last meal here was a bit disappointing but once you've had them at their best, you develop a certain faith in food. I don't have faith in people but I have faith in good food and with that, in helm. I had their ravioli and it was simply sublime. The service was more that I could ask for and they were accommodating when I showed up late and gave me a free appetizer when My party waited a few minutes for our reserved table. I still
Remember those carrots... they haunt me.
Each dish was more delish than the next.  I went with a fellow vegetarian and there were so many options!  We had 3 apps, 1 entree, and 2 desserts.  We left stuffed for the bargain price of $75!   

Service was great.  Attentive but not intrusive.   Only thing was our check was dropped off while we were eating.   I get small byo and they need the turnover, but no one was waiting!   As soon as we saw next couple arrive we skedattled.  

Highly recommended for vegetarians!   Cozy dinner.  Great service.  Excellent food.
I really enjoyed Helm. We had reservations for a cold Friday night and were immediately seated. Once we sat down, our server offered to open our bottle of wine and bring out waters. She was super attentive. When it came time to order food, she was very knowledgeable about the menu. As this is a farm to table restaurant, the ingredients used are going to be different every time you go (which makes each dining experience different) so naturally Helm has a chalkboard with items listed instead of physical menus as that makes more sense. Our server explained each food item to us thoroughly and provided recommendations as well. For our appetizers we had the wontons and the brussel sprouts. The wontons come in 3 reasonably sized pieces and were filled with mashed garbanzo beans and dressed with a buttery cilantro sauce at the bottom, and were very tasty. The brussel sprouts weren't too special and were roasted with roughly cut pastrami; they were nice, but I would recommend trying out the other more interesting items. For our entrees, my husband had the chicken with liver rice cakes and swiss chard and I had duck with potatoes gratin and spinach, which were both prepared wonderfully and highly recommended. At this point we were both pretty full, but thought we would check out their dessert options anyway. We were sold on the gateau basque, which had a warm pumpkin filling that wasn't overly sweet. It was the perfect ending to this meal as it warmed our hearts before we had to step out into the cold night.
i so want to love this place.   the appetizers were amazing.   the service was good, but when we ordered the monkfish for two and it showed up cold.   i tried to eat it and while the carrots were perfect, the fish was insanely cold.   we sent it back and they literally just put it under the broiler for 5 min and then reserved it to us.   i appropriately called bs to the chef.

though a 1 star review is harsh, its all based on how the restaurant responded to a quality control issue.   i literally have sent things back at restaurants 3 times over thousands of meals in my life, but this dish was not appropriate for customers.

the issues are:

1). served cold food
2). to solve the cold food issue they just cooked it some more, fundamentally changing the dish and not getting why we ordered it in the first place...their creative take on monkfish - not a reheated version of it
3).  when i complained about the solution i was told it was my fault the dish was cold because i had the nerve to take a bathroom break (120-180 seconds) literally 14 feet from my table
4).  then i was told it takes 30 minutes to cook the monkfish again, so would i like something else?

they sent chicken and arctic char and while tasty the poor service on the monkfish was tough to forget.   they didn't charge us for mains to make it right, but i insisted they  charge us because we weren't looking for a discount...we wanted a special experience.    

blaming the customer for cold food is not special in our opinion, therefore the 1 star review.    this is fixable, but they need to know that this is not how to treat customers
So helm happened last night and it changed the way I feel about crossing Girard for byobs.

Dinner with the GoodMans could not have been better. Wine opened and menu reviewed with us by our server (audible menus usually aren't my thing but they also list them on a chalkboard)

Our server made everything sound so amazing we had a hard time deciding .
Eventually we went with the Brussels , carrots and a Ravioli special to start and we shared two entrees the duck ragu tortellini and the cod.

Helms pasta game is so tight our favorites of the night were the ravioli starter and tortellini . Both filled with the right amount of stuffing and cooked perfectly . I didn't eat any of the ragu but the Goodmans said it was bomb.

Desert changed the way I feel about saving room for extras the gateau was amazing Apple ,Carmel , and salt perfection . 3 apps 2 entrees and a dessert was the perfect amount of food to share between 3 peeps.

*protip helm is byo but in the event you forget you  have the option of ordering a beer or glass of wine gratis.
This review is a few weeks late, but I was so disappointed in my meal as well as the service I received at Helm and I thought a review needed to be written. 

I got the monkfish and my friend got the chicken entrée. Let's just say the monkfish tasted like they cut all the fatty pieces off of the fish, boiled them in water, and plopped them on a plate.  The chicken was slimy and tasted like it was frozen and out of a bag. I was excited to dine here considering I had eaten at South Helm months before and was blown away. I can guarantee I will never return to Helm! 

On top of the food being terrible (at best), the waiter was inappropriately sarcastic and had an unnecessary attitude from the beginning of our meal throughout. I don't mind paying good money in return for a good meal. However, I do mind paying good money for disgusting food and poor treatment. My friend and I were so shocked that she suggested it could've been an "off night" which may be so, but it definitely left a bad taste in my mouth both literally and figuratively!
An intimate BYOB with great food and friendly staff- I loved our dinner here last night. We ordered 7 appetizers to share. Loved the Brussels sprouts app and the steak with ricotta. Six small plates would have been enough for the two of us in hindsight, since we regrettably had no room for dessert. I'm glad we took the drive to check out Helm. I'd recommend this place to anyone.
We don't give out many 5 star reviews, but we had an amazing meal at Helm!! I HIGHLY recommend you try this restaurant in Philly!
We started with a carrot app as well as a mussel and cauliflower dish. I was hesitant about the carrot app because how good can carrots be!? I was wrong because it was amazing!!!! It didn't even taste like carrots. The mussel appetizer was different and delicious as well. The mussels were already out of their shell in a delicious sauce/broth. We got the strip steak and pork tenderloin for our meals. The strip steak melted in your mouth and the sides were phenomenal. The pork tenderloin was so flavorful! The only weaker part of the meal was dessert. I think they can improve their options as the dessert we had was not a great representative of the meal we had. I am still giving 5 stars because the meal was that good. We need more of these quality restaurants in Philly.

There aren't a lot of tables because the place is small so make sure to have a reservation. It is BYOB. The waiter and waitress seemed a little overwhelmed though.
Wonderful meal hear at Helm over the weekend during a visit to the city.  This BYOB established is a great addition to the area!  My mother and I arrived early for our reservation but were still able to be seated immediately.  The staff was very attentive in opening up the bottle of wine that we brought and bring the correct red wine glasses without prompting.  

We split two appetizers: Leeks, Tewksbury cheese and goat yogurt as well as the Rhode Island squid with fennel.  Both were well executed and flavorful.  The squid was cooked perfectly and not chewy at all!

The main dish we split was the Monkfish for two that came with a side of kale and carrots with mushrooms.   Beautifully plated and presented by the chefs.  Yes, that's correct, the staff takes the orders but the chefs serve their food. This really brought the experience to a new level for me and its wonderful to see an establishment that is so proud to serve their food.  Seasonings are light with the fish but allowed the flavors of the monkfish to shine through.  The carrots and mushrooms were roasted and cooked to perfect caramelization. 

I had chocolate custard with ricotta and buckwheat for dessert.  I was just too full to finish it.  I definitely recommend Helm to any of my Philadelphia friends and would come here again when I visit the city.  It is a bit noisy so better for an outing with friends over a romantic meal.
The food is fantastic and creative. I don't remember being so excited for an american restaurant in Kensington. So why the low review? Well unfortunately, my girlfriend and I went here the other night and the wait staff completely forgot about us.  When we did pull someone away to take our order, the food never came out (we ordered the burrata twice and they forgot both times). When we just asked for our check, the wait staff apologized and comp our apps, but after waiting for over 20 mins to even get our check.. well let's just say it left a sour impression on us. I reaaaally hope this is just a fluke, because otherwise its a great experience.
Went to Helm last night with a group of 4. We wanted to try everything, so we split a bunch of dishes (4 small plates, 3 larger ones, and 2 desserts). Really creative menu, great service, and BYO!

We started with the leeks, sweet potatoes+mussels, butcher bloody polenta (colored with beets), and whole fennel+poached squid. The leeks and the squid were our favorites! So much flavor and really unique preparation for the squid. The polenta was good, but nothing too exciting about it.

Next we had the skirt steak, the pork, and the Brussels sprouts+tortellini. The skirt steak was cooked perfectly! Super tender and really delicious. The Brussels sprouts were really surprising and ended up being my favorite dish of the night! The pork was a good dish, but compared to the steak and the sprouts, just not as memorable. 

Desserts were great! I don't remember the details (we had 3 bottles of wine at this point), but I remember liking the grapefruit dessert a lot! 

Overall, I'm really glad this place exists and I'm excited to see how the menu evolves. The server was awesome and super knowledgeable about the sourcing of the ingredients (a lot of hyper local, urban farmed stuff). Great experience!
Creative menu. Really enjoyed the Pork/Buckwheat Noodle dish (the broth in particular), the Brussels sprout pasta dish, and the leek starter. 

The grapefruit/custard based dessert was spectacular as well. Top 2 all-timer.
Helm is your quintessential farm to garden joint, made sweeter with a BYOB option.

Must get: lamb, trout, cabbage
Meh: veal w/bok choy, monkfish
Missed: dessert

My wife and I were able to sneak into a reservation on a busy weekend afternoon here at the famous spot. As much as I hate to admit that some of the entrees were small in size and heavy in cost, I have to say in full retrospect, the food was top notch with some favorites and some small misses. The menu changes with the season, so I'm sure that many of my dishes may not be available, but I listed the favorites above. The lamb was served in two ways, both as a sausage, wrapped in intestines casing, and the cabbage w/romesco and feta was out of this world (in terms of uniqueness). I also enjoyed the trout appetizer, since the skin was perfectly crispy and countered well with the sauce and the shrimp. Unfortunately, the veal was tough and the monk fish with the octopus didn't really leave much of an impression and we were already full with multiple servings of the sourdough bread. I would have loved to order more food, but was limited by the cost. I would much prefer smaller portions with cheaper costs to sample them. Perhaps a tasting menu would be lovely.

Food: 4 stars
Price: 3-4 stars
Service: 3-4 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
When I've come to Helm in the past, I've been blown away by my meal. I came again recently with a group and although we had a great time and enjoyed it for the most part, I think it's gone downhill just slightly. I came with a group of 8 and we opted for the 55/person tasting menu where they bring out basically almost every dish on the menu in shared portions in a 4 course plating. It was an awesome suggestion for a big group. They accommodated one member of our party who is a vegetarian and brought her out specially made veg-friendly options to replace some of the meat items we received. It was super nice and we appreciated it, as not every restaurant will do this. 

There are still lots of good things about this place. Most of their veggie plates were delicious, including the beets, carrots, fried eggplant. Their pasta courses were also great, especially the ravioli dish. Some of the dishes were WAY too salty, especially the fried wontons... almost inedible. The monkfish entree was bland and the fish was chewy and unappetizing, especially disappointing for being a red curry dish that should have been packed with flavor. I was so full by the third round of courses, I could barely eat the meat entrees. Fortunately, my second stomach opened up for the dessert, because these were all delicious. I'm not a huge dessert person, but each one was great. 

We had great service the whole night and I was very glad we brought our group here. There are just some dishes that need to be refined (or removed) and the salt level can be cut down a bit.
Incredible date night! 

I really enjoy the BYOB environment, and Helm has been on my radar for a while. I finally snagged a reservation, picked up a bottle of wine around the corner, and made it just in time. 

The staff was very nice, and food restriction aware as well. We sat at a small table in the center of the place, which filled up very quickly after we sat down for dinner. The food was incredible, and the swordfish, maitake, and apple was one of the best combinations I have tasted to date. 

The fresh bread with butter and salt is a very good way to start the meal, and the dessert was on point too. We got one of the desserts to split - it was basically a flour-less chocolate cake with cashews and a delicious drizzle of caramel on top.
Food was heavily salted. Our tongues tingled for half an hour afterward. Dishes were not balanced. Flavors stood out and did not blend. 

The explaining the entire menu thing, rather than giving you an actual menu, is cute in theory. But does not work in practice. 

This could be a great spot. Hopefully they smooth out the edges in the next year or so.
After years of COVID (will it ever end?) I went back to Helm for a wedding rehearsal dinner. The entire restaurant was booked for this event. Food was served family style, so big plates came out and we would serve ourselves and pass it along. 

To say the food was amazing does not begin to say enough. As in my last review, this is a fantastic tiny little place for some amazing food. 

Two notes - it can get loud as they don't have any sound management in the place. Also it is byob so bring your best wine to pair with the best food. 

I am gluten free and they were careful to point out what was being served and what I could or could not eat. Very good people there.
nice addition to philly! 

helm offers a relatively smaller menu but don't worry, they all pack in a good punch for your taste buds!  we dined at helm on a sat night and the selection were all the ones that have been mentioned on yelp already... probably playing it safe.  so okie, the waitress recommended sharing dishes for the table which sounds like a great idea for me.  we decided to get 2 apps: local greens and carrots.  local greens was served like a salad and the carrots were smoked, served with this orangey sauce with bacon bits on top and creamy goat cheese(?) on the bottom.  for me, i'd much prefer the carrots over the local green b/c it was a more unique flavor and tbh i didn't know carrots can be smoked! lol the sauces and cheese they used really complimented the smokey carrots.  we were skeptical about it at first, but really glad we got it.

for entree, we got the duck, lamb and arctic char.

after trying all three, i gotta say the duck was my favorite~  very rich in flavor but very small in portion :/  of all the dishes, the duck was definitely lacking some meat compared to the other 2... Thankfully, my appetite was not too big so that, the pâté and side veggie filled me up.... 

The lamb was my 2nd favorite! Very tender and the pesto sauce was an awesome compliment to the flavors. 

The arctic char was very smooth but my friends didn't like the kick from the horseradish? So just a heads up~

I'm really glad I got to try helm~ great addition to the city similar to pickled heron and atmosphere is like high street on market~ just be sure to make a reservation before coming bc they are always packed!
I had heard great things, but was still skeptical. It's impossible to look at their menu, compare it to other restaurants and then decide to come here. You just need to go. From start to finish, this was one of the best meals I have had in Philadelphia. Ever. Each dish was perfectly portioned and more delicious than the last. Just make a reservation, grab a good bottle of wine or beer and try something different. Don't be afraid to try a new dish. This is the place to do it. They absolutely nailed everything.
Incredibly disappointed and grossed out doesn't begin to cover it. We went to Helm last week and the meal started off fantastic - service was great and the food was incredible.... but I'm writing this review about what we witnessed from the kitchen throughout the meal but mainly as our desserts were being made. Helm has an open kitchen so you can see the chefs cooking the food. When they weren't cooking we saw them standing around on their phones, and they did not wash their hands in between being on their phones and handling food.  Then when they were preparing our desserts, we watched a chef dip a spoon into the whipped cream tub, lick the spoon, dip it back into the tub, put the whipped cream on one of our desserts, then put the spoon back in his mouth. Needless to say I was unable to eat the dessert and passed it off as being full, but wish I had said something about what we witnessed. We did not observe anything like this the rest of the meal, but maybe we weren't paying as close of attention. Not that this should happen in any kitchen, but you have an open kitchen concept restaurant, you should absolutely not being practicing hygiene practices like this for your guests to see.
What a strange location for a fantastic new BYO!  I'm guessing the neighbors are thrilled by this new opening.  Helm is set back a block or so from Girard on 5th and is easy to miss if you're not looking.  Once you enter into the space, the location is quickly forgotten.  It's a warm, inviting setting with friendly service, a lively buzz from the other tables, and plenty of great scents coming from the corner kitchen.

The service experience was interesting and a bit unique:  no menus and everyone pitches in.  It felt like a pop-up type of arrangement, and I liked that.  The menu is like a rotating draft beer list on the chalkboards with items coming in and out all the time based on seasonality and availability.

Our appetizer courses were the cucumbers, carrots, and aged cabbage.  All three were good, but the carrots stood well above the others.  They were deep in flavor and had wonderful sauces that were not overpowering, but very distinct.  The cabbage was interesting and nearly meaty in texture, but I would have liked a bit more flavor profile in addition to the small amount of sauce underneath it.  It needed something (maybe a little saltiness or crunch?).  The cucumbers, while interesting and well-prepared, were our least favorite.  I think it was all in the construction:  too pretty and spread out without enough of each component to get all the flavors together (aka too deconstructed).  

The mains were showstoppers, particularly the olive oil poached arctic char.  I've eaten a lot of fish, but that preparation ranks right up at the top.  I highly recommend trying this.  The pea tortellini was also excellent and it is a perfect vehicle to highlight peas.  Pea filling, pea sauce, pea garnishes, and it managed to be a great summer dish without being pea overkill.

Stick with the pastry dessert, and don't worry about whatever fruit they decide to mix it up with on that evening.  Our sour cherry variety was fantastic.  

Overall, it's not an inexpensive BYO and I would have liked to see a little better portion sizes on the apps for what they were charging (vegetarian apps in the $10-13 range at this size is pushing it).  Well worth a try and easy to find parking if you're not from the city or if there's miserable weather.
Service, quality, taste. All top-notch. Eat everything on the menu. Sometimes twice, which is what we did with the coffee and coriander pork tenderloin. Perfection on a plate. 

1st: Mussels with potato and shishito; yolk with root vegetables and duck ragu; Squid. All A+++.
2nd: Strip with jalapeño (slightly over salted for my taste but cooked just right); Pork Tenderloin with coriander and coffee - ordered a second round of this; Duck and Kale
3rd: Gateau; Custard


Wines: 
2012 Chimney Rock Stags Leap Cabernet (decanted 3+ hrs) - excellent.
2014 Mas de Libian Khayyam Cotes Du Rhone (decanted 1 hr, had this first)

Overall, this is an extremely good dining experience. One of the keys here is that their dessert was just as good as the appetizers and entrées. There are many restaurants in Philadelphia make a wonderful dishes but always come up short on dessert which is extremely disappointing. Thank you for refreshing my mind and palate. It takes a special kind of restaurant and highly-skilled chefs to make meals that you will not forget and the Helm is nothing short of this. Bravo.
Helm, a one-word name for a restaurant that is shockingly not located on E. Passyunk Avenue. It is, as others have noted, in an odd location but it seems like this area is up-and-coming. My mom and I were seated at 5:30 on a Friday and by the time we left at 7 almost all the tables were full but the room was also getting a bit deafening. 

The server seemed to race through the menu, going as fast as possible it seemed in describing the options, which were written on the chalkboard behind us. I mentioned that I was following a really strict diet and she told me it wouldn't be a problem to omit certain ingredients. I ordered the Brussel sprouts with chevre and asked for the bread crumbs to be omitted only to get them with the bread crumbs. No biggy, but it would have been nice to get the extra follow-through. My mom had the mussels with cauliflower. For the main I had the roast chicken, with collard greens, squash and some other accoutrements, all of which was delicious but by the time we were done we were absolutely stuffed. Perhaps offering lighter appetizers would have been helpful. 

Helm is definitely inventive but I don't see myself going back anytime soon.
Great food! Loved the fare. The reason this place gets 2 stars is we got asked to leave towards the end of dinner (it was 2 hours to be fair and we were only finishing a drink at that point). We spent a pretty good  amount of money and tipped really well (as always) but server came over as we were finishing last drink  and asked us to leave because "a party of two had an eight o clock appointment and were waiting" ( it was 8:07). We were already getting ready to go soon and we're honestly only upset on how they asked and the fact that they had at least 3 tables open and other couples still at the tables that had been there as long. Oh also it was my birthday :/ thanks a lot helm....you should train your staff to manage their dining room better instead of making good paying customers feel unwelcome. No matter how good your food is your service can ruin the experience.

Edit: called and the person that answered did not seemed concerned. He said it wasn't "standard practice" but did not ask who I was, when we were there, or who served us. I don't feel like helm cares that much about their service or else they'd actually investigate. I'd rather spend my good money else where. There's plenty of better places in Philly that deliver a better experience.

Edit: someone responded to me on Facebook and said  "I remember you and you were told you had to leave at 8 and we asked you to leave at 8:11" (they never said that when they sat us and if they are saying that to people that is ridiculous lol) "asking you to leave after 2 hours is not unusual and seems reasonable" (it had not been two hours even) "we are less expensive than many other byobs" (not in context of how small the plates are so just no lol). I can't believe their response to my complaint was just justifying themselves hahaha what a joke! Changed my rating to one star. Never going back to this place.
Helm is an excellent BYO. The food quality is very high, and the menu makes it tough to decide. I was very impressed with the homemade pasta options, but overall everything we tried was very good. 

Our waiter was very knowledgable, service overall was a little inattentive, but in their defense the place was very busy. While the food tasted great, my only gripe was the presentation was somewhat lacking.
I checked this place out recently after a few raves from friends, but I'm just not feeling it.

The space is great, but VERY noisy.  The menu listing only a few ingredients is lovely to look at, but the servers' lengthy recitation of every item's description is overwhelming and contributes greatly to the noise.  I would much prefer a printed menu.

Our appetizer - a roasted red pepper ravioli- was amazing, but entrees (cod and steak) were just ok, and pretty salty.  The steak was reported to be more than a bit tough.

Dessert, the bourbon pears, was tasty, but presentation wasn't especially appetizing, considering the plate and food were the same color.

Overall, worth the try, but I probably won't go back.
Aside from the friendly, professional service and incredibly well executed dishes, what I found most interesting was the shared flavor palette across apps, mains and even desserts. There wasn't anything especially spicy, salty, bitter, fatty or peppery. All the food felt like it came from the hands of a single creative mind utilizing a conservative palette, high quality ingredients and some incredibly refined techniques to express their admiration of, and highlight the depth of, fresh and local food. Without any particular "pop", this was one of the best meals I can recall having. It's all about the ingredients at Helm and the chef has reserved himself to make the food the star.
Unbelievable.  The best meal I have had in Philadelphia and I have lived here for half a decade. The ingredients are fresh, the chef is ingenuitive, the service is great, the price point is fantastic, it's BYO... I could go on and on.
There is a lot to like.  Helm still feels like an undiscovered gem filled with mostly locals.  According to our dining partners the dining demographic now includes older "foodies" in addition to young locals as word gets out.  I know:  I'm doing no favors fighting this trend with a  favorable review.

Topping my list is the creative menu presentation.  No paper menus.  They post the night's entire selection on a giant chalkboard.  We had a few moments to peruse offerings before the servers came and recites the entire menu in detail. She described each ingredient, how it was prepared, and often from where it was sourced.  For some this may be TMI, but like-minded nut cases hearing dish details described forms a picture fully developed in the mind's eye-  an indulgent imaginative exercise.  Anyway, I liked it.

Another nice touch is the chef along with a kitchen staff person brings and explains each dish to the table.

Should I even bother saying this place gets loud?   Giving the loudness inflation over the past few years, Helm does a good job moderating the noise. 


Food Highlights:

Collar greens with garlic
Apple salad with  fried bacon lardons.  
Caramelized butter/apple tart
Roasted heirloom carots
Pork with "18 hour roasted cabbage".  Cabbage didn't do anything for me, but the pork has the pope-like power to forgive any sins. 

Sud vie steak. Came to the table cooked perfectly medium rare with some tasty potato pave and cauliflower.  Interestingly, and this applies to the cod dish, was slightly warmer than room temp.  

Recommend
I don't know why it took us so long to return to Helm but we won't make that mistake again.

To avoid using the same terms over and over again to describe our meal, feel free to plug in any or all of the following to depict our experience: amazing, unique, unusual, beautiful, incredible, etc, etc.

There are some items that appear to remain on the menu for longer periods, but the majority seem to change.

So keeping the above terms in mind, we thoroughly enjoyed the following:

Carrot - Chevre Basquaise
Green Curry Pea Tortellini
Nettle, Duck, Ricotta Ravioli
Pork, Ryeberry, Jalapeno
And for dessert, a shared Gateau Basque.

Every item on the menu is described by the Host or a server.

As last time, with tax & tip, the bill came to around $100 an incredibly small amount for an overwhelming meal. Because it is a small room, it can become quite loud but either come as early as you can to try to avoid it or maybe during the week.  But in any case, this is a Must Not Miss Restaurant.  Remember - it's a BYO.
A stand out restaurant outside center city. 
Definitely worth a trip to. 
Innovative and tasty dishes. 
Would consider coming back for sure.
Having known Chef D'Egideo's work at Stateside and as a mentor to my own chef daughter, I knew I wanted to dine here. 

Nab: hopping NoLibs/Fishtown area, easy to find on street parking, felt safe

Atmosphere: unassuming signage on the door leading into a very homey, comfy, casual yet well appointed small dining area. Very inviting.

Service: extremely competent and friendly male server (forget his name), top notch

Apps: excellent, well prepared, very flavorful

Mid: chef sent out a small portion of the Brussels sprouts tortellini, instantly made me a fan of grilled spouts

Entrees: daughter's artic char was excellent, cooked perfectly, tender and flavorful. My entrée (skirt steak rubbed with jalapeno) was the only so-so dish we were served. On the slightly tough/chewy side and not as flavorful as I would have liked, I found it average. 

Dessert: Gateau Basque, Tonka, Grapefruit. Fantastic, light, citrusy and nice ending to an excellent meal.

Helm just misses 5 stars (because of the skirt steak), I will definitely be back as this is a place to be reckoned with!
Appetizer
Sweet potato + mussels

Dinner
pork + noodle
Brussel sprouts 

Dessert
Grapefruit dessert

Everything was 5 stars. Brussel sprouts was our favorite.
My fiancée and I ate at Helm this past Saturday and had a great experience. We had a reservation for 9 pm and unfortunately arrived a bit late (it was my fault this time). When we got to the location around 9:20, we were immediately assured that it was no problem. That great service continued through the night.

The menu is on 2 large chalkboards at either side of the room and consists of entrees and appetizers labeled by their 3 featured ingredients, ex: lamb, polenta, bolognese. The server then comes through and explains in great detail everything on the menu. While I certainly appreciated it - it was a little hard to remember everything she said and I ended up relying on the 3 ingredient menu anyway.

Most importantly, the food: we ordered the skirt steak and sweet potato ravioli appetizers. The steak was bit to heavily salted for me, but my fiancée loved it. The ravioli was fresh, and had really well balanced layers of flavor. For entrees we ordered the tortellini and lamb. The herbed polenta under bolognese was the standout for me. SO GOOD!

Another thing worth mentioning - the place is small. So when the table directly to my left was fought the entire meal it was hard to ignore. The volume of the restaurant was loud causing them to yell louder. It was really distracting and unpleasant.   I imagine this was exacerbated because it was Saturday night as well. 

All in all - great experience!
Helm was delicious and its BYO!
While we were not thrilled with waiting 40 minutes after arriving on time for our reservation, we were given a free carrot appetizer, which was amazing! One of the best dishes of the night.
The service was actually wonderful. They really take the time to go through each menu item with you.
The chicken dish was amazing. So juicy and tender. Wow. Definitely get this.
The pork dish was just okay. Very good.
The lamb dish was cooked well and flavorful.
There was this crab and potatoes appetizer that was awesome too!
Honestly everything was delicious, I would return and get the carrots and chicken again.
Overall, would return. Great food and service.
Helm was really, really good! I personally love the relaxed vibe of a neighborhood spot; not too fancy for a last-minute reservation. 

We had the lamb, navy beans and a few other dishes. All of which were knockouts! Our waitress was also phenomenal. 

The reason I am giving Helm four stars is because I cannot rank it up there with some of my other mind-blowing culinary experiences that I have had. With that said, at its price point, I give Helm a 5/5; I'm just trying to be consistent: restaurants to restaurants, bars to bars. 

I will certainly be back!!
Top 5 worst service experiences of my life. Went in with a party of six and had the tasting menu. The food was generally interesting and delicious, though some of my party felt it was over salted. However, the story is really around the service. We had a reservation on the later side on a weekend night, the restaurant was full but we were seated quickly at our reservation time, so far so good. It was an incredibly long time before our order was taken but we were having a good time so that was OK. The first two courses came out very slowly and after the second course our waitress told us she had to leave because she wasn't feeling well but the other servers would take good care of us (based on later events I suspect she just walked out). No other servers stopped by to check on us for a significant time until we called one over to ask for more bread at which point she told us pretty brusquely that there was no more bread. She said it so flippantly that at first we assumed she was kidding. After that a waiter arrived to tell us that our next course would be out soon but was delayed because our previous waitress hadn't told anyone she was leaving. The course did not arrive "soon" but the 2:30 mark in our dining experience our third course came out and one of our friends commented to the waiter that the delay was excessive at which point he snapped at her aggressively on a diatribe that included the following quotes:
"How many years have you worked in restaurants?" (Worth noting that at least half the people in our party have a fair amount of restaurant/food service experience in their lives)
"There is no manager here because the owners are too cheap. There is no one supporting us."
Clearly he was at his wits end at the end of a difficult night. He eventually came back and gave us a "non-apology" apology and as compensation he offered to not include the mandatory gratuity usually attached to a party of six which is no compensation at all. Eventually we got dessert with no offer of coffee or tea. There are enough other excellent BYOBs in the city that we won't be making the trip back to Helm.
Seasonal menu. Fresh ingredients. Octopus app and lamb main was great! The service was casual and BYOB made everything ok!
A BYOB with charm and elegance. You actually feel as though you are in someone's living room. 
The best dishes I had were a carrot appetizer, duck entree and blueberry tart for dessert. I say favorite meaning they were out of control delicious to me but the other things I ate were still top not delicious. 

The service was great and wait staff really needed to know all the ropes. It was great to interact with them so much. The menu is not handed to you, just posted on two huge chalk boards. So they wait staff needs to review and answer any questions. I thought it was great. 

The only con I would say is that it is small, reservations are a must. Not the place to bring a grandparent who can't hear and not great for kids. But oh well, more for you to enjoy!
After reading Craig LeBan's amazing review I decided to try out Helm in celebration of my husband's birthday.  I was glad thaI had made reservations because the place was packed on a Tuesday night!

We started with two appetizers: the smoked carrots and the mixed greens and rhubarb salad.  Both were absolutely delicious.  The complimentary bread was also quite tasty.

The three entrees we ordered were beautifully presented and also scrumptious.  I would recommend all three - the duck, the lamb and the skirt steak entrees.  My son thought the steak was a little overdone but still thoroughly enjoyed it.

My husband is very particular about his coffee but gave that a two thumbs up.  We ordered the only two desserts on the menu - the cherry tart and the chocolate mousse.  I definitely preferred the cherry tart which was very flavorful but very light.

The servers were wonderful and we never had to wait for anything.

The only reason I did not give this five stars was the very small portion size.  We usually share an appetizer when we go out and each have an entree, as well as sharing a dessert.  I am glad we ordered as much food as we did.

We ran into someone we knew at the restaurant who told us that they come at least once a month.  We definitely plan to return!
Helm came as a recommendation from a foodie friend who lives in NoLibs. We will definitely be regulars. The squid starter was incredible and had us asking for more bread to soak up the sauce.  Never order chicken out since it can be done pretty easily at home, but really wanted a hearty dish and the smoked, roasted, lacquered and pan-seared chicken at Helm - tender with skin crisped to perfection. My husband ordered the Lamb, also delectable.  The rhubarb Gateau...there are no words - the couple at the next table over ordered a second helping. Scrumptious. Attentive, well-timed service. Definitely the best meal in many many months. This weekend, skip East Passayunk. Helm's got it goin on.
The most delicious meal I have ever had in the city.  Every dish we had was a homerun (lamb, ravioli ragu, carrots, asparagus).
Have been part of the Philadelphia dining scene for well over two decades it was with great interest that my wife and I first tried Helm during the recent holiday break.  Were favorably impressed on the first visit so we returned last night.  However, our dinner could not have been more disappointing.  Early seating (second table to arrive), which is why we were surprised (and a bit annoyed) to wait nearly 1 hour for the main course.  Service not terribly attentive and did not really acknowledge the situation.  Appetizers were only ok...the beet special was somewhat pedestrian and the carrots were unevenly roasted.  All of that would have been tolerable were it not for the main course - the chicken confit, which we both ordered because we liked it the first time.  This time, however, the chicken was extremely salty and somewhat dry, and the celery root side dish was inconsistent throughout and likewise uninspired.  Could not finish it...left 1/2 behind.  Given the heavy dose of "fresh & local" marketing, the ingredients may have been local but they certainly did not seem fresh or thoughtfully prepared.  We are normally tolerant of start up ventures but the bugs should be out of this one by now, given the destination-restaurant hype.  Probably would not return - too iffy.
I visited helm after they first opened.  It was eye opening.  Went back again, about a year later, and they were still holding it down.  
I went again last night, and all I can say is, wow.  
For the third time, they've knocked it out of the park.
Its very easy to forget what a creative kitchen is working in there.  Amazing.
I'm not going to go into detail, but I tasted the best octopus of my life last night.  And what kind of wizard can make a deep fried porkloin, stuffed with cheese, seem light?  These guys can.  
Just go...be surprised, and thank me later.
We liked it.  I got the chorizo appetizer and the chicken as my main dish and my husband got the squid appetizer and the lamb bolognese.  All the dishes were great.  A smidge overpriced but expected from a byob.
Tried to go this past Saturday at 8:00 pm. Hostess said it was booked with reservations.  Honestly, the place was empty.  We waited a bit, and it was still empty at 8:15.. pretentious much? We took our $120 and spent it elsewhere..  I call BS on this place
Best meal I've ever had.  I'll be making a point to going back here as many times as possible in my last months living in philadelphia.  Foody heaven!
Sorry guys ... I tried my best to enjoy Helm. I even emailed the restaurant about my experience in hopes that I'd receive some form of an apology ... Nothing ... It's been two weeks.

We had 8:45 dinner reservations. Parking was a breeze.

We entered and were told that our table for 4 wasn't yet ready. We waited 20 minutes until we were seated - without apology and sat around for 10 more minutes until someone came around to ask for drinks. Again - no apology. The menu is written on chalk boards and read off and explained by the wait-staff. After hearing half a dozen appetizer options, my father asked the waitress to take a second to let us put our appetizer order in ... Not only did she give him her death glare, but then was borderline confrontational about him stopping her. Ridiculous.

We put our appetizers order in, decided on our entrees and waited 10 minutes for our wine to be corked and my coffee to be made ... My coffee arrived lukewarm. Yes ... I was drinking coffee at 10pm ... Long day ... I was hangry and sleepy. I AM writing this review days later, though ...

She brought out some Italian sourdough ... It was fine.

Our appetizers came out and were absolutely great. The sliced apple with smoked cheese and guanciale ... Fresh and delicious. The Brussels sprouts with escargot and hazelnut butter ... Rich and delicious ... We also ordered roasted root veggies with a duck heart ragu, and a fingerling potato dish ... All great. All slightly salty minus the apple ... But we're all salt fiends. The quality of the ingredients and their preparation was obvious. We were quite excited for our entrees at this point.

Here's where things took a turn for the worst. For entrees, we ordered two Cod / Brandade meals, a pork chop entree, and a NY strip for me. The pork and the strip were literally SO DAMN SALTY they were nearly inedible. I'm quite heavy handed in the kitchen when cooking with salt ... This was beyond anything ... The cod was salty ... But at least it was edible. Neither my mother nor I enjoyed our entrees and quickly tried to move past that. Sorry, folks ... But ... Not a 5 star experience. All along we asked repeatedly for water ... It took us asking three servers to get our pitcher of tap water.

The service just didn't cut it, or make up for our awful entrees. So much for enjoyment of the ingredients ... It didn't matter. We also ordered a side of beans with a foie gras cream ... Also offensively salty.

Dessert was REALLY needed at that point and delivered. The gateu basque we had was out of this world. I wished I had ordered a couple slices of it as an entree ... The bourbon poached pears were great too.

Our bookends DELIVERED ... The main event ... I still can't believe they served us those entrees. Insane. I'm also upset I received no response to my email. Rude.

Will I give Helm another shot ... I'm not sure it's worth it, or the drive ...
Proteins play an ensemble role in Helm's fabulously original, surprising and, most of all, supremely delicious menu items. Who knew smoked carrots could be SO FABULOUS!  

Our party of 5 ordered 4 left column, 4 center column and 2 right column items from the blackboard menu (apps, mains and desserts, respectively).  To avoid sensory overload, I highly recommend sharing. Each dish served and tasted brought a new delight.  Speaking of served, while the style of service was informal, the level of attention was gracious and impeccable. And our party is not easy to please - one of our number has been in the restaurant business for over 30 years, another was a pastry cook at Gramercy Tavern.

Living closer to Center City than NoLibs, I thought this location across from a deserted lot an improbable setting for a great meal.  Couldn't have been more wrong.  Simply put, Helm provided some of the most outstanding flavors I've tasted in decades.

One warning.  We got lucky.  Our res was for 9:45.  We didn't actually sit until about 10:15.  Believe it or not, that was a good thing.  The noise level, which was literally excruciating when we first arrived, abated somewhat by the time we sat down. A reverberant interior amplifies the happy, noisy, byob-stoked diners and exacerbates the LOUD beats piped into the dining room.  Initially conversation, even standing toe to toe, was IMPOSSIBLE.  If din with dinner is not your thing, go early, go late ... or bring earplugs.
Does not live up to the hype. Hipsters confusing too much salt for flavor. Went on a Friday night with my husband, we're 30-something foodie types so I wanted to try something different. I love the "fresh & local" selling point, the place itself was very hipster-esque as expected. But it was SO LOUD. SO LOUD!! I've never been to a restaurant of this caliber that was so noisy, we couldn't even have a conversation between 2 people. Very weird as there aren't even that many tables in the smallish restaurant. Perhaps it's because the waitress has to explain the entire menu to each table as they sit down, as they do not have printed menus to read. The menu itself was very interesting & cohesive. But all the food was WAY salty. Which is really what prompted me to write this review, because I am a salt-lover and even I felt this whole meal was extremely over-salted. We ordered the rabbit & lobster appetizers, the rabbit was good but very heavy & rich (for a midsummer dish) and definitely too salty. The cold lobster salad was ok, husband liked it. For mains we ordered the octopus ravioli & the lamb, both were too rich and salty. Seriously I couldn't even eat more than a few bites of the octopus, and I NEVER leave fancy expensive food on a plate. Straight up tasted like a cheesy mess of salt, green olives, and capers. Husband's lamb dish was cooked perfectly but he kept saying how it needed some kind of starch (was just meat and a huge serving of very al dente snap peas that he didn't enjoy). Also very salty. Even the dessert, which is 100% my favorite part of every meal, fell flat on the floor. We tried both options, the lemon custard was a sloppy serving of VERY tart lemon pudding with cherries and the blueberry tart was over-baked, dry & flavorless. I might be picky, but I do hate spending $100+ on a meal for 2 (not including any booze, since it's byo), and leaving hungry & slightly nauseated.
I love farm-to-table, small, candlelit, kinda homey byobs with the ever changing menus. Not super loud and crowded, but just lively enough. I've tried Pumpkin and Russet in Center City, and I'll say that Helm wins my heart in creativity with just a few ingredients per dish. 

The chalkboard is fairly simple-three ingredients in each dish. But, the waiter give you a detailed description of each dish that makes you think twice about what to order. After making our decision, quick to appear on our table was house-made, soft, lightly salted butter with bread from High Street.

Our appetizer, made from tuna, peach, and radicchio. The dish was a colorful stack of poached tuna, bell pepper, and grilled peaches upon a foundation of radicchio and butter, all topped with a lemony vinagrette and something crunchy. An incredibly complex dish of flavors and textures. The tuna, though mostly raw, was hardly fishy at all. A light opening to a wonderful meal.

Next up were the two main dishes. Pork, zucchini and apple-a cordon-bleu-esque take on pork, accompanied by cubed zucchini, slivered apple, and a pickled cabbage. The crispy shell on the pork was fairly light, and the cheesy filling was rich and salty. A well-executed dish. Artichoke, octopus, olive-very acidic ravioli with braised octopus on top. The sauerkraut on top helped cut through the acidity. 

We wrapped up our meal with the gateau basque-a shortbread-like cake with bourbon-glazed peaches and housemade vanilla whip. My friend and I agreed that this was the dish we would go back to Helm for-unlikely given their penchant for keeping up with the seasonal ingredients. 

All in all, besides that we had picked dishes that were on the acidic side, I really enjoyed my dinner at Helm, and remain thoroughly impressed by creative use of a few ingredients in each dish.
I had probably the best meal of my life at Helm on Sat 8/1. We had a party of 6 and ordered just about everything on the menu, including the 4 or 5 desserts. I can't say enough about this place and our meals. The food was incredible and the atmosphere was great. I forget our waiter's name, but he was awesome and the owners even came over and chatted with us after our meal. I've already told a dozen friends about this place and plan on going back soon.
I came to Helm to celebrate my 30th birthday this past week and was absolutely blown away. I'd been meaning to visit for a while after hearing several positive reviews, I only wish I had come sooner. The atmosphere of the small restaurant is warm and inviting. Our servers we're on the ball throughout the meal. They explained the menu thoroughly and checked in often enough but not so often we felt rushed. The food...... oh man. Since the menu changes so often I wont go into detail but our party of three ordered 3 starters, 3 entrees and 3 desserts and shared everything. Each bite was better than the last and we left feeling extremely full and beyond satisfied.

My meal at Helm was one of the best i've had in years, maybe ever. Check it out, you won't be disappointed.
Helm was one of the best meals I have had in recent memory. Service was extremely impeccable and friendly. The food was creative, approachable, and perfectly cooked. The place has a homey vibe. Loved it all! Plus, it's a BYOB.

Try the squid, skirt steak, and make sure to get the grapefruit tart for dessert!
Great gem. Menu is constantly changing. Keeps me coming back for more. These guys know what their doing trust me
We checked Helm's reviews on Yelp and other sites before visiting. Mostly rave reviews, so we decided to visit. We were a party of six and to be honest 4 of the 6 praised the ambience and food. Two of us were not so happy. To be fair, going in I was aware it's not MY style.  Pretentious menu and food, unimpressive ambience with uncomfortable old tables and seating.  All of the dishes needed full explanations as to the ingredients and how they were prepared. I felt like i was at cooking school. It was a chore to say the least.  Our sever (very helpful) spent so much time explaining each menu item that it was kept us from enjoying the limited time with friends. My cabbage appetizer was too difficult to cut and had a rich sauce that I could feel percolating in my stomach the next day. The Lamb dish was almost Tapas sized and was so undercooked that I had difficulty chewing it. I did like the sauce though. Small consolation. My score is a 2 out of five only because most of the others really liked it.  If you're not a "foodie" and like armchair or comfy booth seating, dishes you find familiar or at least recognize, leave Helm off your list.  Otherwise you will probably love it............................
HOLY CRAP. If you're looking for good food. Go here. Don't ask questions. Just. Go. Prices are reasonable.  Food is ABSOLUTELY delicious.
I love trying new restaurants in different parts of the city and this did not disappoint. Especially liked the byob part. There were 5 of us total. We had the octopus, lobster croquette, the brussel sprouts and ham, and the beets for appetizers. For dinner we went with the server recommendations and had the tortellini and pork and the lamb with polenta. The menu changes alot so I am looking forward to going back and trying a new menu items. And the service was excellent as well.
I was visiting Philadelphia for the weekend & looking for a BYOB place. I stumbled upon Helm and decided to give it a try. I'm so glad we did. What a gem!

The space is small, intimate and cozy... the type of space that makes you feel right at home. The service was wonderful and attentive, without being overly aggressive. They have a way of reading tables, which is certainly an art. 

And of course, the food was top-notch. We ordered the leeks, brussels sprouts tortellini and skirt stake The flavors were rich without being overbearing. A nice balance. 

We ended the night with the grapefruit tart. I wasn't sure about it, but our waitress insisted it was the best dessert on the menu. I'm so glad we trusted her! It's on of the best desserts I've ever had. Trust me, and everyone else, order it. 

Bottom line... give this little gem a try!
The food was good overall. The portions are on the smaller side. The service was ok which is the main reason why this is getting a 2 star review. We were asked to leave because we were chatting a little longer than usual and they had other people to seat that had reservations. Not my favorite way to leave a restaurant, especially since I've never had that happen before and we weren't there that long. Also there were other couples that were there just as long if not longer. The place was pretty small and the tables felt somewhat close together. It's BYOB which is fine, but I've spent less money at places with just as good of food and alcohol included in the price. Would not go back there again
Love Helm in Kensington. One of our favorite, go to restaurants in Philadelphia. 

The menu changes and EVERY time it's amazing all around. Don't sleep on the sides, they're fantastic.

Highly recommended
When I first got to Helm, I was a bit skeptical that they could accommodate a vegetarian as I had read they could on other Yelp reviews and called the restaurant directly to confirm. Nearly every item on the menu had meat, and when I asked my server if and what could be done vegetarian he listed off a few options. I ordered the cabbage appetizer (one of the only veggie options on the actual menu that didn't need to be altered), broccoli ravioli, and a bowl of mixed vegetables. 

When the cabbage appetizer came - all doubt went away. I've never had cabbage made so deliciously. It was the perfect texture and had the perfect combination of flavors. The following ravioli and veggie bowl were also very well done. The veggie bowl especially - like the cabbage everything was cooked just right with complimentary flavors. It was one of the best meals I have had in Philly. 

In addition to the great, chef-driven menu that can accommodate a vegetarian without sacrificing quality, I was also happy with the ambiance of the restaurant. It was small, intimate, and cozy. And of course, it is a BYO so that's always a plus!
Went during the covid pandemic and got two, 3 course prix fixe meals. Overall a great experience!

Menu was posted on instagram. You could either call in after noon, or email them at any time. I emailed my order in at 9AM and got a response confirming it within 10 min. Gave a pick up time of 6PM. Good system was in place to keep social distancing in place while getting your food. 

For appetizers we had the Burrata and  mushroom pie. Burrata was delicious but not enough bread for the amount of cheese. Mushroom pie was a generous serving and very flavorful with fresh veggies on the side. Had the coconut curry rice with chicken. Rice was delicious but the chicken was on the dry side. Also had brisket over pasta with broccoli. Meat was very tender and tasty but the sauce was a bit heavy. Desert,,,oh man...had the chocolate Swiss roll...so soft, and incredible! Coconut, nuts, so many flavors. Also had the ginger cream puffs which were nice and fluffy. Everything was packed very nicely and presented well, even though it was in cardboard boxes. 

Lady at the front taking payment and handing out food was very nice. A bit of a wait even though we said what time we were coming which was a bit irritating since we were all standing out in the cold waiting for the food. 

Overall a great experience with delicious food and all for a very reasonable price (we were STUFFED after eating everything). Go support your local businesses and check them out!
Great food and experience! The place is a little bit small so I wouldn't recommend it for a large group but the the flavors were spot on and we liked the fact it was a BYOB!
We had a really excellent meal at Helm recently and I'm already dying to go back! 

This small, cozy BYO restaurant is bringing big fresh flavors to Kensington. We brought a bottle of champagne and they opened it and chilled it for us. The menu is written on the chalkboard with 3 primary ingredients listed for each plate. The left hand side is small plates and the right hand side is entrees. The server then came over and explained in detail what the dish would actually consist of. They all sounded so good, it was hard to pick! 

We ordered 3 small plates and 2 main plates. Everything was absolutely delicious, even the bread and butter that came before the meal! The best small plate was the carrots that were smoked and came with a creamy chèvre cheese. I literally could not stop eating them. We also loved the beet stuffed burrata and the ham appetizer with cheese stuffed wontons. For entrees, we got the lamb with green curry and snap peas and the octopus dish with ravioli. Both were great, but I favored the ravioli more. We were so full but couldn't let such good food go to waste!

The only disappointment of the night was the dessert options. Neither of them sounded good to me and I would have loved to end the meal with something sweet. 

All in all, this meal was a home run. From the service, prices, and flavors, it was an excellent experience and a memorable way to celebrate a special occasion!
Great farm to table.

The menu is written on a chalk board and the wait staff walks you through everything. We had pork chops, monk fish, and some cucumber salad starter. Every ingredient in each dish worked perfectly with each other. 

Very good service in a casual and cool atmosphere. 

BYOB.
Really unique and amazing tasting food. Everything was extremely fresh, flavorful and savory. As many mentioned the board is super confusing because it just lists three ingredients, but not how its prepared...i.e. the three ingredients are actually ravioli, etc. Our waitress gave us the high lights, but it still wasn't too clear what we would be getting. The first app was a clam type dish (which was gnocchi) which we think we ordered, but no one told us what it was when they put it down. Either way it was delicious. We also got the ravioli and monk fish. Both were so savory, soft and melty. Finally, for dessert we got a delicious pear cake and amazing lemon tart with the creamiest tart lemon custard on top. I also really loved the little book nook with a table for two, and the overall casual bookstore vibe. One star off because I don't like feeling confused when dining, otherwise it was excellent!
Helm is a small little spot with an intimate setting and a unique menu. It's the kind of place that doesn't title their dishes, but simply lists a few key ingredients leaving it up to the diner to decipher what exactly each dish is. Or, of course, you can ask your server for recommendations and to explain what some of the dishes are. 

All of the dishes are unique combinations of ingredients, with unexpected pairings of flavors and textures. We ordered 5 dishes to share between the two of us. 

The FIG, BLEU CHEESE CUSTARD, PROSCIUTTO was unique and delicious! The funky blue cheese "custard" was smeared on the bottom, and complemented the sweet fall figs and the crispy pieces of prosciutto. A perfect fall dish with sensual flavors!

The SMOKED BEETS, BABY CARROT, PISTACHIO, AND JERKY was also an interesting pairing, but not one of my favorites. The dish consisted of an herbed creme of some sort on the bottom, topped with carrots that were too crunchy IMO, smoked beets (yum!), crumbled pistachio bits, and jerky. It just was lacking for me. 

Another disappointment was the SUNCHOKES. I was hoping for fresh sunchokes, when they actually came battered and fried, which was not specified in the menu. And even with being fried, they lacked the ideal crispness that comes with a fried dish, and were a bit mushy.

The last two dishes were my two favorites. The FENNEL, CHORIZO, SCALLOP, TARRAGON, was light, savory, and just plain old yummy! Two perfectly seared scallops were atop a bed of greens with fennel, and crumbled bits of chorizo to add a nice level of spice to the dish

The CORN AGNOLOTTI, CHANTERELLE, BLUEBERRY, was by far the most confusing of pairings, yet after eating it, it made the most sense.  These pastas had a sweet corn filling, and were served with earthy chanterelle mushrooms, corn, and a sweet blueberry compote. The sweetness of the corn and blueberry paired nicely with the earthy mushrooms for a pasta dish like you've never had before. So unique and amazing!

Helm was good, but definitely had some things I think need improving. First and foremost, the menu needs just a BIT more clarification (aka are the sunchokes fried?). Some of the dishes didn't hit the mark for me, but then again, this place isn't for everyone. If you have a sophisticated palette and are looking to try some new foods you wouldn't have anywhere else, it's a great place to try!o
I'm still having trouble grasping the concept of BYOB, and why so many restaurants in Philly have it. Everyone in NY has an alcohol license, but not so here! Let's hope that doesn't change.

Helm was recommended by a coworker with impeccable taste in food, and boy, was she spot on. The menu at help is written on 2 chalkboards and changes often. Servers walk you through the *entire* menu and answers questions you have. They also keep whatever beverage you brought chilled.

The hickory smoked carrots were outrageous. The white beans and chorizo? Delicious. The lamb bolognese was excellent, and the celery root puree perfect. Brussel sprouts were cooked flawlessly.

The ham ravioli stole the show for me, though. Totally homemade, incredible flavor, unreal broth.

I will be back. It's a little pricey ($50/person), but completely worth it. Can't wait to see what's on the menu next!
My friend picked Helm for our first post COVID outdoor dining restaurant experience and I do not regret it. If anyone who knows me, I am extremely picky. I love to eat by looking at previous pictures on yelp. However since their menu changes weekly it hard to find previous pictures. Their menu is different since it only lists the main ingredients. We made a reservation and sat outside at one of their 3 outdoor tables. They were offering a special for 3 course meal for $25. We brought a red wine since it was byob. I believe they offered beer. For the appetizer I ordered the grilled lettuce, shiitake mushroom, and blue cheese. It was delicious. It had a smoky flavor and dressed with blue cheese dressing. My friend ordered the fried squash blossom that was filled with cheese. For the main course we both order scallops, asparagus, and spring garlic. The scallops were tender and cooked perfectly. The sauce was white with greenish color oil. I have no idea what it is but I would love to find out. For dessert, I chose the blueberry cobbler with chamomile cream. The flavors complimented each other well. Definitely will be a returning customer!!!!
Entirely underwHELMed by this experience. My husband and I took another couple out to Helm in Kensington to celebrate their recent engagement. He and I concurred we'd rate the experience 3 out of 5, considering the food, ambiance and service.  The other couple said they really loved their food, but we were pretty disappointed. To keep it short and sweet, the food was blatantly over-salted. A place that is charging $25+ per entree needs to do better. The flavor of my pork chop entree was blasted into space by the salt level. I had a bite of my husband's lamb, which was less salty, but not really cooked through. After chewing a tough bite for 40 seconds, I had to give up..

The "menu" (or lack thereof) was annoying and unhelpful. On a blackboard there is a list of a series of ingredients (e.g. "carrot, chevre, something"; "lamb, something, something" ). I asked the waitress what she would recommend, and she offered no suggestion whatsoever. She said, "Anything I say would just be me guessing." Which made me wonder, doesn't the chef ever have the wait staff taste the food? Part of the job.
I ate here a couple months ago and loved every bite. So, I returned with a party of 8 expecting a similar experience. 

This was not a good meal. We had the chef's menu due to our party size. At the first course we felt the food was salty, but did not comment. On the second and third course, we let the waitress know the food was incredibly salty. She said she would let the chef know. 

Our waitress, Megan, was very kind and friendly. I'm sure she let the chef know our comment. But, that does not change how inedible the food was. It was honestly terrible. I will not return. 

Two stars only because the servers were fantastic. Overall disappointing to spend so much money for a bad meal.
