My girlfriends and I hit Heritage about a month or so ago for dinner and drinks. I loved everything about my experience and have been hankering to get back. The space is gorgeous. There's a very large dining room and bar area plus a lounge area and seating outside on a cute patio. We chose to sit outside for our meal which was a good call on a nice summer night.

There was a rosé from NJ that was so amazing (I know, crazy!), we ordered several bottles throughout the night! Favorite dishes were the kale salad, heirloom tomatoes, corn cakes, egg noodles and roasted chicken. Oh wow that chicken. Our least favorite dish was the mussels. They sounded nice but we should have read between the lines when our server described them as "on the large side." They were grossly large and the only thing we didn't finish! 

We skipped dessert in favor of a nightcap in the lounge area. Our dinner server stuck with us for serving our drinks as well and he was awesome all night. Really excited for the next visit!
When Heritage first opened, we were very excited for the live music and the general relaxed but sophisticated ambiance! I especially like the candle light and good spacing throughout the bar and table seating, it's not too crowded.

Drinks are a bit pricey but still good. I believe this is one of the best spots for live music in the area, but the noise is just too much if you're looking to make conversation, the music is overpowering. We'll be still coming back but not as frequently as I originally thought.
We met up with a couple of friends on a Friday night at Heritage for post dinner drinks and the place was poppin'. Not in a rowdy way, but there was a good crowd and a live jazz band was playing in the back of the restaurant. We sat at the bar and enjoyed a few drinks and chatted the night away. The music wasn't too loud and wasn't intrusive, just the perfect kind to have in the background. The bartender was busy, but still attentive, and managed to get our checks right, even though we switched seats on him, so I was very impressed. We didn't get to check out any of their food items as we came from dinner, but definitely will the next time we come back.
I still have a lot of love for Heritage, but my last dinner experience was not five stars. My husband and I made a last minute reservation on a snowy December Saturday. The restaurant was fairly empty and we arrived right before the live jazz duo started up. 

Our server seemed a little green. He didn't know much about the wine - when I asked about a selection his response was that a lot of people like it. Fortunately, I too was one of those people after opting to order it, but a bit of a description would have been nice. 

We started with a vegetable board which was excellent. So creative and a really fresh way to start off our meal. We moved straight to entrees from there. However, the side of jerked broccolini that we ordered with our entrees arrived unexpectedly as a mid-course. We decided to save it for the mains but it just sat there getting cold in the meantime.

I believe my husband had a seafood stew, while I went with the chicken. Folks, this was not your run-of-the-mill, boring chicken. It was Lancaster chicken, cooked perfectly, and served with the most delicious gnocchi and red cabbage. Wow. It's been almost a month since my visit and I can recall this dish perfectly.  

I'd say the only thing that was really lacking from our visit was the excellent service I've received in the past. Otherwise, Heritage is still bringing their A game in the kitchen. I look forward to returning.
Hip spot in NoLib, serves American fare, draft beer & daily live jazz/funk, and hosts many cool event (think Flannel Animal!) 
I say go to Heritage and get a burger. I mean, what can't a burger do?
- You can enjoy it with your choice of 36 beer taps, or with wine if you'd like.
- You can add a side of crispy potatoes, green tomatoes, house pickles or just put them right on top.
- And this one comes with all the fixings. (lettuce, pickles, onion, local american, house sauce).

Pro tip:
Going for a brunch? Try the open faced hot roast beef.
Four Yelps
*This is a review for the bar and drinks only.

We came here on a rainy Saturday afternoon in December, around 4ish for a drink.  There were 5 of us, and we practically had the place to ourselves so we posted up at the end of the bar closer to the windows.  

The space is really nice, it's cozy and warm without being stuffy.  The behind-the-bar area is decorated with vines and living plants, giving the room a more lived-in vibe.  The place was empty, and the staff were really friendly without being annoying.  We stayed for about 2 hours, having about 3ish rounds of drinks - and the bartender only checked in when he noticed empty glasses.  Towards the end of our stay, the bar started to get a bit more crowded, and the stage was beginning to set up for live music.  It seems like this would be a great spot to hang out into the early evening as well.

I played it safe and stuck with one drink all night - because it was really delicious! I ended up ordering two Blackberry Smashes (really 1.5 though, because my husband decided he like my drink, too!).  It's tequila, blackberry, lime, and grapefruit - ran us $10/drink.  Fresh, citrus-ey, and not too sweet - right up my alley.  Not an outrageous price for a drink in Philadelphia, in my opinion.  My husband ordered a bulleit bourbon on the rocks for his first drink, and it was served in a really nice glass.

Fun tip: If you're here at the right time, you can watch guests enter the Cescaphe across the street for their various celebrations - this was a fun backdrop to the conversation, plus, that's actually where we got married!
My party arrived for a Birthday celebration dinner.
The interior is cool and inviting. Although, remove some of those dead plants on top of the wall over the kitchen. 
The music was good and enhanced the evening, although it is hard to hear the waitress describe anything.
I'd say this food is either a hit or a miss. And the restaurant would be rated lower if not for the positives. 
There is a good beer selection on tap. I ordered one beer and for some strange reason was never asked again if I wanted another beer. I had a second choice ready to go, never happened. 

For the meal, we ordered 3 appetizers per instruction that food should be shared here. 
We had Mussels, which were huge and cooked very well. They came out steaming hot. 

Crispy Beets- This was a good appetizer although the crispy was not really present. So why call wedges of beets crispy? I was thinking like chips. But, the flavors were good and balanced. 

The third was Beef TarTar, which was good but I've had better elsewhere. I'd say the toast needs to be toasty, it was not. The beef was not finely chopped, which made it chewy instead of a creamy texture. Main note of flavor was horseradish. 

The main course we ordered the Braised Bison and Heritage Breed Pork. 

The Bison course was very good. I can say the grits were awesome and balanced the Bison. I loved this and even though my wife ordered it, I finished the plate because she was too full. It was really that good.
The Pork, hmm, I'd say it was a fail as a course. The pork was bland and dry. The sauce not present enough to save it. The cabbage though that came with it was good. I barely ate anything off the plate. There was a ton of pork on the plate. We took it home, I am not sure why. It is not identifiable as pork nor as ham. Just a dry flavorless ham looking chunks of meat. 

The dessert was a hit and a miss as well. 
I first ordered a Apple Bread Pudding. It came out looking like nothing special a grayish brown slice and a sauce that was a weird brown color. The warm cream seemed to not be on the plate. It was average to poorly done. 
My wife after the disappointment decided she really wanted the crispy carrot cake. 
And that was really good. I wished I had first ordered that for dessert. It was pretty when it came out and the flavors just popped. 

So this place is perplexing, they have some winners on their menu but others that really detract from the experience. 
The service can be improved. We had one waitress to start who was friendly. But, then someone else took over? What the heck is that? And food came out kind of staggered. 
Two appetizers to start then the third came about 5 minutes later. 
The dinners, one came first. Then several minutes later the second one came. 
The issue of never asking about wanting additional drinks. 
And no one asked why we did not touch the pork dish. It clearly was not being eaten. 

I am also not certain, why when the reservation indicates "Birthday Dinner" nothing is even stated by the hostess or staff? I guess they just took the reservation without looking at comments written in. 

This place could be 5 stars, they need to execute some things slightly better and revise some of the menu.
Where the heck am I?  I am sitting in a huge space on second street and a glass garage glass door is open, letting the air of an early Spring evening refresh a dining area that is sparse and casual. Live mellow jazz is wafting through the air, while a plethora of green plants thrive up above and around near the ceiling that has windows above letting light filter through.  

A super lengthy bar with a lovely 20+ draft options take up the length of almost the entire dining room and a cool looking instrument chandelier floats down from the ceiling as the sweet sounds of a xylophone pierce through the idle chatter of people gathered for this place's soft opening.  I have no idea where I am.  This is not a place that is born of this neighborhood, and that's pretty damn cool for once.

Though we are near the piazza, this place is nothing nowhere close of what that (now-awful) place has become, phew.  Welcome home, Heritage.

First dinner here was not one that blew my socks off, but the service was super, duper top notch.  A menu unlike the fare that the other places around here serves, is a very welcome sight.  What's that you say? Foie gras? Romanesco cauliflower?  Heirloom carrots? Day boat cod and for the love of all things delicious, a vegetable board? So ambitious.

The dishes were all beautifully plated and well prepared, but the final product did not deliver as I had hoped.  The Foie gras, though yummy, came out not as a whole foie, but as a paté - the paw paw bread was excellent as well as the fresh turnips, giving the dish such brightness and balance. Wish the foie had been whole, and that there had been more of it.  The Romanesco as delivered was also delicious, but heavy on the potato (in fact, the potato was heavily featured in many dishes, maybe a bit too much in my opinion)

Day boat cod was a generous portion, cooked to temperature, and the broth was positively bowl licking good, but again, something failed to bring the two together.  The chicken croquettes were perfection, while the grilled squid was not. Not very grilled, and not a lot of squid and a dish I probably would not order again (too much potato again, not enough squid,).  All in all we finished up the meal with a semifreddo ice cream sandwich that sent us happily on our way.

Love the live jazz.  Call me a yuppie, but after Ortliebs returned on the scene and left the jazz out I was heartbroken.  Nice to see a venue bring it back in full force.  The place itself is fresh, big and the bar is amply sized.  Not loving how close some of the two tops are to the bar (nothing worse than dining with people's bums in your face)  Hoping the menu comes together, because I want to come back!
I knew it was a good sign when my fellow Lyft Line rider announced that Heritage is "sooo good, and I'd really enjoy it" as the car pulled up to drop me off. She was right!

It was the final day of Philly Beer Week and I finally decided to "trek up" to Northern Liberties to check out the restaurant. Why? Pie beers. Cape May Brewing was having a big pie off event with ridiculous beers of all flavors. Blueberry Cobbler? Check. Strawberry Rhubarb? Mhm. Veggie Pot Pie? Yep. Obviously I had to go. It was a requirement.

Michelle P. and I arrived on the earlier side of the event -- just in time for brunch -- and sat at the bar. It's a long wooden bar with plenty of seats (and seatbacks, yay). On nice days, they have the doors open and it's quite the airy spot. Some of the seats were getting direct sunlight, though, and I'm glad we didn't sit there. Much cooler in the shade.

Service at the bar was seriously on point and super friendly. We never had to wait for a beer when ours were running low. They also filled our waters often. And it was nice to chat with the beer reps on site too, while we waited for our food.

I got the traditional breakfast plate with scrambled eggs. The bacon alone was worth the price. It was so thick and wonderful and everything that's right in the world. But the eggs and potatoes were good too. A bit non-traditional, with scallions I believe.

Once that was all eaten, I decided I wanted cheese. [I'd like to believe that's a normal decision post-brunch.] So I ordered the pimento cheese, which I also enjoyed, and somehow managed to go well with the beers.

Once we settled up, we opted not to compete in the pie (whipped cream) eating contest, and instead took more photos with the HOG (PBW's mascot), which was a nice end to our relaxed time at the restaurant.

I'd definitely like to return, perhaps for dinner, to see what it's like on a non-event day. But I'm sure it's just as great.
One of the best meals I've had in Philly in quite a while! Some slight inconsistency in the cooking, and very disappointing desserts, kept it from a full 5-stars, but I absolutely plan to return.

My boyfriend and I went for a belated anniversary celebration and much-needed night out together before catching a movie for the Philadelphia Film Festival. It was a Friday evening reservation around 8pm, and there was a live jazz band that night. The band was good, not too loud, and I enjoyed what it added to the atmosphere.

We decided to forego entrees and start with a collection of small plates, and if we were still hungry afterward we would just order more. We got the kale salad, smoked potatoes, duck sausage, and brisket. Our favourite of the night was quite surprising: the kale salad! It was actual salad perfection. It was dressed just right, and the simplicity of the tangy anchovy dressing, crunchy breadcrumbs, shaved pecorino, and kale ribbons couldn't have been tastier. I'm actually copying it for Thanksgiving this year!

The duck sausage was really delicious, I enjoyed the urfa spice and the duck egg was a perfect sunny side up accompaniment. Brisket was OK, needed a bit more fat, but the pickled celery garnish was genius. The smoked potatoes were a hearty serving, and very assertively smokey. The garlic aoli on the plate was the perfect foil with the smoke. I loved them, but there were a few pieces that were not cooked enough- they were a bit on the crunchy-on-the-inside side.

I ordered an IPA to go with it, it was from Georgia but I don't recall the name. The server was very helpful in assisting with the beer selection, pointing out the IPAs that were on the lower ABV side, per my stated preference, as well as bringing me a sample to try. The one she suggested was just what I wanted.

We finished off with dessert, because this man of mine has a serious sweet tooth. While we ordered the apple turnover and white chocolate cheesecake to share, he ate most of the cheesecake and I hoarded the apple turnover. The cheesecake was very dense, and I didn't care for the pear butter in combination with the white chocolate and lemon crust of the cheesecake. It was good on its own but the mix didn't work for me. The apple turnover had a very good pastry, but the apples inside were quite undercooked and underwhelming. The plate also could have used some more creme anglaise.

The space was quite loud but only because we were seated right next to the bar, which was packed with a few groups who were very loud. When they cleared out toward the end of the meal, the volume simmered down significantly.

Our total before tip was only $65 for the two of us and I was truly shocked by what a deal it was. Looks like we inadvertently ordered some of the cheaper items, but they were really filling ans tasty so I guess we won the ordering lottery!
This is a hidden gem in our neighborhood. Plants line the bar and the crowd is always a good time. The secret garden on the side is the coziest nook in our neighborhood to share drinks and good bar food cozied up next to a a heat lamp when it's chilly. The music is what people go for both the food is good too! It's our go-to date night spot. You don't have to be a " jazz person" to appreciate some good beats and a vibe that beats any place on 2nd st
After dining at Heritage, I have mixed feelings about the place... Heres the lowdown- it is a welcomed classy joint in NoLibs. Whoever designed the place did a good job. Tastefully done decor- lots of open space, exposed wood and greenery incorporated throughout. I came on a Friday evening with two friends and we were able to get a table outside without a reservation. It was nice in the outdoor area, but next time (that is if I ever come back) I would make a reservation in advance so I can dine inside and actually hear the live jazz music. It was difficult to hear the music from outside. Everything we ordered both food and drink wise came out fresh and delicious. Well made cocktails and nice beer/wine list. Nice menu offerings- everything sounded yummy. The food is a bit on the pricey side, but you get what you pay for- quality ingredients, preparation, and ambiance. 

I have just one gripe with Heritage and it is enough to prevent me from coming back despite the quality of the food and nice atmosphere. So the story goes like this- we sat down extremely hungry and asked for some bread and butter before our appetizers arrived. The bread was made in house and was tasty. We received 4 small, two bite pieces- for three hungry people. Next our apps came which we inhaled as everyone was hungry. The kale salad and kunik cheese were both very good. Then we waited for our main courses... We ordered the clams/pork in a white wine sauce and the whole roasted chicken and dumplings for main dishes. Once our main dishes arrived, I asked for some more bread. To my surprise, we were denied any additional bread as we had already had our "hefty" 4 piece allotment!! 

Are you freakin serious!?! Any real foodie knows the best part of clams and sauce is dipping bread in the goddamned sauce!!!!!! If you ask me, some bread should come with the dish! And if not, I would much rather have the option to pay for additional bread than be denied altogether!!

The experience left a terrible taste in my mouth especially considering that we were coughing up $60-70 bucks a head for dinner. I have eaten many fine dining establishments in Philly/NYC and around the world too, and never in my life have I been denied bread in a nice restaurant! If limited supply or cost is truly an issue, then make more bread than you need for the day and/or charge a few bucks for it. Good bread is the essential to sopping up the flavorful juices of a tasty dish- especially when were talking about garlic, white wine, and clam juices! Seriously, I live for that shit!!!

When I'm spending my hard earned money for an nice dinner out and refused a bit of bread, it makes me want to take my business elsewhere! There are countless restaurants in the city that offer delicious food (not to mention more bang for the buck!) AND they all offer generous servings of homemade bread- no questions asked!! Our waitress genuinely felt bad and apparently the bartender put my drink order in "twice" after it was clear that I was not pleased about the situation... I don't know if it was truly an accident or intentional, but it was an kind gesture. However, it did not make up for the lack of bread which I consider to be an key component of a good meal. To the powers that be- change your ridiculous bread policy!!
I'm planning on returning to give the food a fair chance, as I only grabbed a drink here. The restaurant is gorgeous and the live music is great. There is an extensive beer list and an interesting cocktail list as well. Great date spot.
VISIT HISTORY: 
- Last visit: this morning for a birthday brunch for a group of 5
- Frequency: first time 
- Next visit? would definitely come again at least 3-4x 

FOODRINK:
- Shakshuka: love the peppers. Was a bit runny for my taste but deliciously served at the perfect temperature. 5/5 of the guests agreed that the eggs were poached perfectly. 
- Open Face Croquet Madam:  favorite thing that I tried. Getting hungry thinking about this. the kale salad was a refreshing side kick. think i might have liked the salad more. 
- Housemade Biscuits with Sausage Gravy: unexpectedly perfect. I usually have that heavy feeling after biscuit+gravy consumption but I found this to be hearty without the post consumption side effect of feeling like there are lipid boats in your blood stream. I don't think i've had sausage gravy before. Would definitely order again. 
- Dad beer: it was $3! i didn't try it but i am still thinking about what this is....what is dad beer?! where is the mom?! 

VIBE:
- A lot of greeneries and plants. Some are vined with the liquor bottles and some are hanging down from the top. It makes you feel like you're in a hipster modern clean jungle in a first world country 
- bright. lot of natural light. 
- LIVE MUSIC! love love live music. even with the live music, the  noise level was perfect. nobody was yelling except the one baby that got escorted out really quickly by the mom. It was really peaceful and lively watching the musicians enjoy themselves and watching the audience enjoy themselves. they were not out of tune which i very much appreciated. my ears were pleased. 
- Wait time for food arrival: 15 minutes 19 seconds 
- Wait time for our check: under a minute
I've been here a couple times, but my most recent visit was for brunch. While the food was just ok, I really loved the ambience and vibe!

My friends and I met up on a GORGEOUS summer day - not a cloud in the sky! Heritage is very open and airy so it was the perfect brunch spot. They had left the front door and floor to ceiling windows open which brought in a lot of natural light. They had a live band playing which really livened up the mood and made for some wonderful entertainment! I believe they have a band playing every Sunday for brunch which is definitely something to keep in mind. :)

My girlfriend and I split the Pulled Pork Hash and the Flapjack for our meals. To be honest, I wasn't really impressed with the Pulled Pork Hash. I felt like all of the components in this entree didn't really compliment each other. The Flapjack however was an unexpected winner! We had originally asked for the Dutch Baby, but sadly they were all out for the day. Our kind waitress told us our next best bet for something sweet was the Flapjack. For a lack of other options, we got it. I wasn't really expecting much out of it, but I ended up thoroughly enjoying it. The house preserves and brown sugar butter really upped the level of a regular old pancake. 

If you are looking for a sophisticated, but lively place for brunch, I would recommend checking Heritage out. While some the food fell a little flat, the overall vibe and atmosphere make it worth a visit!
The food is about a 2 out of 5. It's dry, not well seasoned, and tries to be unique by adding strange vegetables to dishes. The vegetables aren't necessarily cooked well or integrated into the dish either.

This is an enterprise looking to make money in Northern Liberties with a large space and a lot of tables but they don't have the quality, the kitchen, or the vision to pull it off successfully. Bottom line: half the restaurant was empty, but they couldn't get our food out in time, and they didn't make it right.

The service is about a 0 out of 5. We made a reservation and they gave us the worst table. They even told us as they were seating us that this was kind of a shitty table. There was a 30 minute gap between dishes and we were there for 3 hours. Our waiter literally brought our check before we received our final course because he thought we had already eaten it.  He let his manager know so she brought our dessert out in a box. She was fully aware of  how long we had sat there, but did not take it off the check or apologize.
A boozy brunch here with live jazz music playing in the background made for a great start to a Saturday! The restaurant interior is beautiful, with high ceilings, a bar with tons of hanging greenery as a backdrop, and large doors that open out to the street. 

I got a mimosa to start off, which is a great deal at $4 (other deals include beer for $3 and bloody mary's for $5 until 3:45pm). For food, I got the Heritage breakfast plate (with an extra side of eggs) and smoked trout on toast to split with my brunch companion. We were worried it wasn't enough food when we were skimming over the menu (we were really hungry), but it was not the case at all. 

The breakfast plate was really filling - everything was executed really well (sunny side up eggs were perfectly runny, potatoes were super crispy), but my favorite element on the plate by far was the bacon. It was thick-cut with a deep char, so it was crispy and meaty and deliciously rich all at the same time. 

The smoked trout on toast was a really delicate dish (as in, not an insane amount of food haha - glad we got the breakfast plate to balance it out), but every bite was delicious, with the creamy smoked trout mixture balanced out by the pickled radish and greens. 

Brunch here with drinks totaled ~$20pp (including tax and tip), which was a great deal with the good food, live music and beautiful setting!
As a neighbor to Heritage, I was delighted to see such an inviting and different space. The soft jazz is terrific!

I have now eaten at Heritage 4 times. The first couple visits were during the "soft opening" and, as neighbors, we wanted to scope the place out before the crowds come. 

If you are a beer drinker there is a nearly unlimited selection. If you are a wine drinker, not so much. 

My suggestions regarding drinking:
It's ok to have a shorter wine list, but make it damned good if you are going to charge $10-14 dollars a glass. Also, make sure you have enough so you don't run out (and still be out 2 weeks later ...).

A cocktail menu is a must. Especially for a cool jazz spot like this. 

Lastly, the food:

The good: rabbit sausages were terrific, as were the carrots and the raw oysters. Truly exceptional.

The bad: the "brisket" was tough and odd, the kale was tough and odd, and the crudo was small and bland. The prices are very high. Not just for the neighborhood high, but just too high for what you get. Dinner for two, that doesn't blow your mind, should not be $200. (Just to be clear I am a middle-aged professional, not exactly on a college student budget, and I thought it was still too expensive).
I went this weekend with two friends to Heritage in Northern Liberties for a Jazz brunch.  And the result was - we all loved it.  It was friendly, it was chill, it was cool, it was tasty.  Heritage was a perfect place to dine & hang this weekend while the weather outside wasn't very nice.  Now for the food - the duck sausage hash with a fried egg on top is the bomb.  Totally awesome!  And the Dutch Baby with Pennsylvania maple syrup and fresh peaches on top was light and fluffy as it should be.  Dogfish's Punkin Ale and Spring House's Mango IPA accompanied the food perfectly.  The Jazz trio (I think they were called the Tom Moon trio) provided great background music.  Heritage is just a super addition to the Philadelphia scene.  And don't miss checking out the chandelier!
Come for the: Live Jazz (every night! and brunch). 

Stay for the: Vibes- Seating that's not too close for comfort or loud conversations, has lots of seating, great pseudo outdoor ambiance (the garage door style lets in a nice breeze- bring a sweater, the plants inside and high ceiling make you feel like you're outside, and then there's also and actual outdoor seating if you want-but might miss out on the music), low light, kinda hipster, but not too hipster to bring your parents for Mother's Day (it'll make them feel hip).

Watch out for the: Prices (small plates add up fast!) Dinner for 3 with only 2/3 of us having one beer cracked $50 each.

Drink the: Good selection of drinks- beers (including, a cider and a sour), wines by the glass or bottle (bottles starting at around 50), and some fun looking cocktails.

Feel thrifty with the: OpenTable Points and Vegetable or Chef Boards ($25 for a smorgasborg of surprises). Although remember surprises can be a letdown. We liked the a la carte dishes better than the board, although the board was definitely a good value, with oysters, fish, gnocchi, sausage, and grilled romaine (it changes depending on the chef's mood).

Recommend the: Burrata with ramps and Rabbit Sausage (smaller portion was plenty)! 

Had a great dinner here and I was really jazzed that my parents liked it so much. The service was great and we appreciated the server's honest opinion reining us in when we over-ordered. Would definitely return with friends, a date, and will keep in mind for large groups and the summer!
I've raved about Heritage to many folks after my few smaller (2-4 people) experiences.  Following a top notch 11 person party, I wanted to shout my five stars review from the rooftops! 

First, I loved how even with a group of that size, we didn't have to order from a pre-fixed menu.  I really appreciate the flexibility which is often not offered by restaurants, especially on a Saturday night.  Likewise, I loved the green room.  It was the perfect size for the party - allowed us to hear the music yet still have good conversations.

We hit nearly every appetizer on the menu but a cheese plate.  I recommend the veggie board as a must.  The lamb meatballs were very good as well and an excellent portion size.  If you like pickles, the house pickles are for you.  Other notables, PEI Mussles and Buffalo Cauliflower Flatbread.

Entree-wise, on individual visits I'd enjoyed the crab cake sandwich quite a bit.  At the party this weekend, the Black Angus Sirloin was king. I loved how it paired with the murshrooms and was cooked to order (and they knew what rare meant!).

We didn't do dessert, but enjoyed many cocktails.  The Heritage Manhattan was ok.  However, I'd highly recommend the Firestarter!

To round out the review, service is clutch.  The musical entertainment is typically to my liking. The environment works for a date or a friendly outing.  Enjoy as much as I did.
Aesthetically appealing. 
Pros:
Inviting, high-ceilings, open floor plan
Good service

Cons: 
Some food/drink was not great
Dining room was a bit hot midway through our visit

Food-
*Portabella burger-good. The house-made faocaccia was delicious and the portabella cooked well. Sautéed onion brought out a delicious flavor.
*Crab pasta-pretty good. Tartness from the tomato, sweetness from the crab, the garlic, lemon, white wine sauce was good. There was A bit of crab shell in the lump crab and the spaghetti needed some separation with the fork, due to a bit of clumps. A spoon with the pasta would have been welcomed.
*Cheeseburger with bacon added-cooked as ordered. $17 and $4 extra for 2 slices of bacon! A bit excessive, IMO.
*Chicken breast with side salad-I'm told the chicken was juicy and flavorful and the salad dressing was okay.
*Ginger beer-If you have any experience with real ginger beer, this won't pass muster. Taste was like ice water with a hint of spice. Would definitely not get again.

The bar area looks very cool and They seem to have quite a beer selection. We didn't try any.

We would return during the live jazz sessions. I can imagine that live music, plus the vibe would make the dining experience that much better.
Ambiance: 5 stars
Food: 3 stars
Service: 3 stars
Price for value: 3 stars

The best thing about Heritage is the actual restaurant itself. It's really beautiful, with lots of wood and plants and subtle lighting all around. There was also live music being played when we arrived and for the majority of the meal, which was enjoyable.

The food here was hit-or-miss. My husband ordered the half chicken, which was supposed to come with *roasted* Brussels sprouts as well as baby carrots. He's a nerd and really wanted the vegetables, which is why he ordered that entree specifically. When it came out there were FRIED Brussels sprouts LEAVES and no baby carrots. The chicken itself was extremely moist and flavorful, and the stuffing was also good. It was just disappointing that the menu did not accurately depict what he would receive.

I had a similar thing happen - I ordered the sweet potato gnocci which was supposed to come with apples and Parmesan cheese. Not only was the entree very tiny, but there was no Parmesan on my dish. I'm a cheese lover and was really excited for a nice, hearty, cheesy fall dish. There were only about 3 apple slices on my plate, which felt like an odd way to incorporate apples into that dish considering they were nearly impossible to cut with the butter knife I was given. Apple chunks would have made a lot more sense in the dish.

The duck confit flatbread was good, though. That's one dish that I was not dissatisfied with in any way.

I won't get into the issues with our server too much, but you could tell that he hated all of his co-workers. He talked shit on the chef for not having our flatbread ready (when in reality it had been delivered to our table and consumed by the time he came to check on us). When another waitress offered to get me another glass of wine (because my glass had been sitting empty) he told me that she probably didn't get it for me...but she had. It was just awkward. Like, dude, I don't care about the restaurant drama. Stop bringing your negativity into my nice dinner out, alright? And stop talking smack about your co-workers when really you're the one neglecting to take care of your table.

When the check came I felt that we paid more than what the meal was worth. I would definitely return to Heritage to make use of the bar area, but I don't know if I'd dine here again.
Huge venue with a nice, long bar and lots of tables. The stage is easily seen from any seat in the house.

During our visit, it wasn't very crowded, but there was still a jazz band playing while we ate our dinner, which made for a romantic ambiance. For entreés we had the steak, which was excellent - tender and juicy, and a burrata pasta special. I could tell the pasta was homemade because it was thick and done perfectly al dente. 

For dessert, we had a seasonal cinnamon pecan bread pudding, which I have to say was the BEST bread pudding we've ever had. It was crispy and fluffy, not super soggy like you get at some places.

I hear the brunch at Heritage is amazing, so perhaps a return visit is in our future.
This is, in my opinion, one of the best spots in Philly for a date night.  Heritage is really firing on all cylinders...the food is fabulous, very charming ambiance, live music, great beer list, and painfully cool and equally beautiful servers. 
I'm a bit of a picky eater and was afraid that I wouldn't be able to find anything appealing on Heritage's relatively small menu. However, i ventured a bit outside of my comfort zone and had one of the best meals in recent memory. I ordered the egg noodles with a duck ragu type sauce and some crunchy wheat topping. The flavors blended together marvelously and really created a culinary masterpiece. 
The menu is pretty meat-intensive, so it may not be the best place for the less carnivorous.  The special of the night, which to my date's dismay was sadly sold out, was braized boar or something barbaric sounding like that. 
The only aspect of our dining experience which we didn't love was the pace in which the food came out. My guy ordered an app and after his first bite his entree was being served. The waitress did say the food comes out as it is done, but nobody likes feeling rushed. 
With over twenty beers on tap and a little jazz ensemble, we were able to make a night of it at Heritage.  It was a perfect date setting and I will definitely be back.
As a few of the other reviews mentioned, this place desperately needs a good BURGER option (or chicken sandwich) on the menu.  

While I enjoy the uniqueness of the menu, I would certainly visit here more often if they had a few more accessible options on the menu.  Given the fantastic beer list here, I think you would see business improve vastly.  

Free jazz music, beautiful room, amazing beers... so close to being a 5 star spot.
Stopped in to Heritage for a quick drink while waiting for a wedding cocktail hour to start across the street. The atmosphere was cool and open, and the restaurant wasn't crowded on a Sunday afternoon. We sat at the bar and enjoyed cocktails from their happy hour menu. The bartender was friendly and helpful! Our visit was short and sweet, but I will definitely be back to sample their food and have another delicious cocktail!
Great restaurant. Arrived without a reservation but it was early enough that we got seated right in front of the band. This made conversation a little hard but it was still manageable and enjoyable. Great atmosphere. There is a seating lounge by the entrance/hostess stand, then the bar on the right and tables on the left. The far back looks to have a more intimate space. I also heard they have an outdoor area? The restrooms are unisex private stalls. Just be careful entering/exiting to avoid collisions with the kitchen. 

Very friendly service. Since I was meeting someone, I didn't get to interact with a hostess but our table service was great. Everything came out in a timely manner. 

I tried the flower cocktail and it was floral but not enough to be repelled by it. Extensive beer list. The bread and butter was delicious. Foie gras was fantastic. Brisket dish was also worth trying. The rabbit sausage with grits was tasty, however I regretted it as it was very heavy comfort food that made me want to take a nap!

No downsides, aside from having to find parking in an area like Northern Liberties where I'm not as familiar with. Didn't see valet parking service. Will need to explore more to find parking lots/garages, if any.
I've been here only once and on a very busy day but the food was delicious and I definitely would recommend. The ambiance of the restaurant is great too and sometimes they have live bands playing.
The live jazz is really why one would come here. If you're coming for a drink, bar isn't anything special, though whisky list is decent. I've eaten here a few times and nothing ever jumps out at me on the menu as the choices are always such weird concoctions or out there pairings. Not a bad after work place to start but definitely not where you want to end up all night.
We went here on a whim because it looked like a fun place.  With that, I will give it 2 stars for excellent beer selection and cool atmosphere.  

However, the food was SO overpriced-- for both the quantity and the taste.  We ordered:
Pig Head- okay, not great
Cauliflower- bland, boring and nothing special AT ALL
Chicken Croquette- these were like deconstructed buffalo wings and that was a surprise.  Not great but definitely interesting
Sweet potatoes- fingerling and overall disappointing
Brisket- Over cooked, fatty and-- again-- bland
Rabbit sausage- eh.

Overall,  grab a drink, hang out and then go somewhere else to eat.  Hopefully as they warm up to the area they will liven up the menu.  The live band was really cool too!
i live in the area and this is my favorite bar to come for a date night or to chat with some friends. it's not too loud which i appreciate and the live music is always amazing, sometimes reggae sometimes blues/jazz. the cocktails here are also awesome. i personally love the firestarter, delicious. 

i have yet to try any of the food here but i'm hoping to do so soon! when it's nice out they'll open the big garage door thing and there's also outside seating. the interior decor and vibes here are very fresh and relaxing, i'm a huge fan.
We went here for Valentine's day and the entire experience was superb. The live music was great, the service was good, and the food was excellent! We got the fish special dish with cauliflower and the filet. We also split the brussel sprouts which were really good! It is a little pricy but good for a special occasion.
wow, I usually avoid places when they've just opened, and here I was walking by with friends and we couldn't resist it.  The appearance of Heritage in Northern Liberties was more than intriguing so we couldn't pass it w/o at least checking out the menu in this handsome new spot that looks so.... grown up - for N.libs at least.
We were so charmed by the menu and our reception, we decided to go ahead and try it.  As it turned out, Heritage hasn't even officially "OPENED" yet, they were just on their 3rd day of a soft opening. 

The large space is beautifully designed to be contemporary, like kensington quarters but with lots of live plants.  The jazz band was nice and playing on a handsome wooden paneled stage.

The staff was all friendly and attentive and the food was really good.  The vegetable board was delicious! the pork and clams was delicious and the house made rabbit sausage was flavorful and thoroughly enjoyed.  

Im so glad to have a place in the area like this!
We visited Heritage before COVID, so this review is a little dated, but I still wanted to share it. 

We visited when it was warm out, and this was one of our most memorable dinners in the city. Kind of has a nice flow from the outside with natural light We had no idea there would be live jazz being played, but talk about a mood-setter. Great music coupled with great food. 

The standout plates for us were the veggie board and they had a fantastic fruity berry parfait dessert. 

Great drinks here as well, and cool bar! It has a lot of wood fixtures, coupled with greenery/plants on the liquor shelves which makes it all feel more fresh and vibrant. 

Excited for when we can dine out again in restaurants, this will be top of the list!
This review is for drinks only, as I've been here a bunch but have yet to write a review.  It's an awesome, open, classy, trendy bar on 2nd st.  With a large white brick exterior, and Heritage written across, it's hard to miss and you'll be glad if you don't.

The garage door on the side is open in warmer months, allowing a nice breeze into the large restaurant/bar inside.  Wood and gray are the theme, with wooden plank walls, gray cement-like flooring, and a cool plant/rustic bar vibe, this is a place where you can go out with your friends, a date, a business meeting, or your family.  It's extremely versatile and a chill spot for almost anyone.  All the bartenders I've encountered have been pleasant and have given drink recos whenever my friends had questions.  They have an extensive beer list that's written on the back wall next to the small stage where they often have live music - anything from jazz to a small band, to a guy playing the guitar or keys.

The drinks are spot on, the vibe is chill, the music is soothing, and the people are nice, so definitely a place I'd recommend.  The large dining area has tables scattered throughout, in addition to a small lounge with some black leather chairs/couches and a fireplace in the front corner.  An added bonus on nice days is that they have a side patio where you can also sit to enjoy some drinks and/or food.

I don't think they have many veggie options, but definitely a place I need to check out for brunch.
Just took my girlfriend here for her birthday and she loves it. Her favorite restaurant. Order the duck and you won't go wrong and the live jazz band is a real great touch. Also, the place is beautiful.
Wandered here after a recommendation from a friend before heading over to an event and right when I walked in here, the decor caught my eye right away. They have a stage area for bands and a wide and spacious dining area as well as a bar. I didn't get a chance to try the food here but I did get a chance to grab a couple drinks and just hang around while listening to the music. This place seems like a great spot to bring a date and it's not far from the piazza and other spots near the area. Hope to come by for dinner sometime and try out the food.
Seriously cannot believe I've never been here before! This place is an awesome way to spend a chill Friday night out- listening to some live music and drinking craft beer. 

The inside is so open and has a clean, sophisticated feel. The decor is really gorgeous, with lots of greenery and wood paneling. I loved it from the minute I walked in! 

The beer list is extensive and they had a great sour beer that I kept coming back for. Beer prices were extremely reasonable for craft beer. The cocktail list was small, but my friends enjoyed their drinks. 

There was a pretty long hiatus between jazz band sets, but when the band finally came on, it was fun and entertaining. I liked that the place wasn't crowded, leaving ample room to walk around and even to dance if so desired. 

I will definitely be back and would love to try the food next time!
Great restaurant and casual spot to grab a drink in NoLibs! One of the best tips is to come during their happy hour Mon-Fri and lasts until 7pm. $5 wine and discounted beers and cocktail of the day along with great food selection including our favorite beer, leek, and bacon mussels!! My husband and I both ordered mussels and shared an order of fries and brussel sprouts. Their burger is also on the happy hour menu so you could easily come for dinner. They have a cute patio garden area to lounge outdoors and large open bar inside. They also have live music on certain nights and their menu, although somewhat small, offers delicious food served in creative ways. Only negative was that their servers seem to have a little bit of an attitude. We visited on 2 occasions and had 2 different servers with good service but they had a bit of an air of not wanting to be there. Same with the hostess who on both occasions greeted us with a very cool dismissive attitude and was not all that welcoming.
The venue is beautiful and rustic. Went in on a Thursday night. They had live music, a guitarist and a guy signing. He was really good. Wish I asked his name. 

I was only there for drinks but hung out at the bar and Christine, the very nice bartender, was very attentive and made sure we were always taken care of. 

The ambiance is very nice. Good for groups on a night that isn't so busy as the venue is large and there is a lot of space to accommodate. Also good for a quiet date night as the candles and dim lighting are good for an intimate conversation. 

All in all it's a good place for many options. I've looked at the menu so next time I will have to try the good and update the review.
Never have I ever written a Yelp review, however I can't let this one go. 

After living for one year in Northern Liberties and trying most restaurants in the area including Fishttown and beyond, my boyfriend and I wanted to do something special, a nice dinner before we moved, a treat. This WAS NOT that. 

We went on a Thursday night and noticed on the menu that one night a week, on Thursdays, they do a special tasting menu. $50 per person, 6 courses. We decided to go for it as the place looked lovely and some of the dishes coming out of the kitchen looked good. I can't speak on their main menu, but I can say with certainty that you shouldn't waste your money here on the tasting menu. 

The trouble started when we both ordered the tasting. The waitress promptly came back from the kitchen and informed us that the kitchen would be plating the courses on one plate since we were both getting it....... WHAT? I've never heard of or come across this in all my years of dining. Why? Are you trying to spare your dish washers a plate? Not only did we then have to awkwardly maneuver food from the middle of the table onto our plates, but there is no quicker way to make me feel ripped off than to not even give me MY OWN PLATE OF FOOD. And on top of that each course that came out was small. Imagining them split up onto two plates was actually laughable. 

Then the food itself was spectacularly unspectacular. 

The first course was a cold salad made up of cucumber and melon in some chili oil. And some flowers? 

Second course was strips of beef heart and a romesco. Also an intentionally cold dish. Fine. My boyfriend enjoyed this enough, I thought it was okay, but strange. 

Third course was an egg noodle pasta dish with chive and basil. It was delicious, but again, small. There were probably 4 full bites of pasta a piece served on our one communal plate. 

Fourth course was ANOTHER COLD DISH. This time it was cubed green and red tomatoes with an under salted ricotta in the middle. I'm Italian and I've had better ricotta from a store bought container. Also had some weird basil leaf flowers on it that added absolutely nothing, and pickled onions added in which was just a strange mix of flavors. 

Fifth course was the only redeeming part of the meal. Duck confit with grilled peaches and eggplant. Stunning, sticky and fell right off the bone. However, if the other two cold salad courses were priced somewhere around the $12 mark, that puts two duck legs with approx 3 oz of meat on each bone and one sliced up grilled peach at around $30 for the plate. Ridiculous. Seriously ridiculous. 

Last and sixth course was a lemon panna cotta next to a blueberry sorbet. Again, served on one plate, and the real kicker here was THERE WAS ONLY ONE. What were they going to do if just one of us ordered the tasting menu? Cut the damn thing in half? 

Any glass of wine there is $11+ dollars. All cocktails on the list are $12+ dollars. All beer was $9-10+ a glass. Again, seriously? Charlie Was A Sinner, a restaurant in Center City, has a beautiful specialty cocktail called Secret Garden made with plymouth gin, dolin dry vermouth, turmeric root, rhubarb, basil and lemongrass infused olive oil. Its a cocktail that transports you for $12. At Heritage I got their "Great Balls of Fire" cocktail with is made with an anonymous tequila, grapefruit juice and unidentified bitters. Also $12 and I've made better mixed drinks myself at home. 

The waitress refilled our water glasses from a carafe sitting on our table probably 8 times over the course of our hour dinner there. Not a bad thing, necessarily, but a pet peeve of mine when I can do it myself and you keep interrupting the flow of conversation. 

The bill for two after one drink a piece and "two" tasting menus was $165. Philly is an amazing city with an equally amazing culinary scene. Do not waste your time and money here. If you really want the best Philadelphia can offer spend $50 more dollars on the tasting menu at Talula's Garden and be treated to one of the most memorable 2-3 hour dining experiences of your life.
Heritage is a gorgeous restaurant, with a large bar, outdoor patio and a stage area for nightly jazz. The food is a mixed bag. I sampled a few small plates. The house sausage and the beef tartare were good. The mussels and the mackerel were disappointing. They also serve a lot of bread, which is only so-so.

Although I went for dinner I think heritage is better suited for drinks and a snack at the bar while listening to live music. I enjoyed my drink and the music, but there is better food in the area.
One of the best restaurants I have ever been to. At first I was intimidated by the menu, because it's not your standard cheese burger and fries.. But I went for it and started off with the Kunik cheese plate. For an entree my fiancé and I shared the whole roasted chicken. Wow it was so good! The best part was, while eating our dinner we were sipping wine and listening to a live jazz band play close by. Not only was the food and music amazing, but so was the ambience. They have tons of plants hanging around and both indoor and outdoor seating. If you're looking for an amazing new place to eat, definitely check Heritage out!
We had 11:30 am brunch reservations. We waited a total of an hour and 20 minutes for food and once it came out it was not cooked well. After an hour of waiting the manager comes over apologizes and offers us our cocktails on the house, which was really nice. We wait another20 minutes for food. Once the food comes, the poached eggs are hard boiled and the pork hash has very little meat on the plate and the eggs have no seasoning. I would not recommend this place. Heritage you need to hire more staff, both servers and cooks so that people don't have to wait an hour and 20 minutes for food that is sloppily thrown together. My guess is management often offers free things when they know people are waiting a long time in order to avoid as many bad reviews. I would strongly recommend Against Heritage unless you want to wait over an hour to eat hard boiled eggs advertised as poached eggs.
Great atmosphere and tap list! Our waiter Fernando was awesome. We tried a few different items but enjoyed the smoked potatoes and the egg noodle dish the best. Other dishes were just okay... Wasn't a fan of the squid... Best part was the presentation. My husband wasn't a fan of the pig head... The reanimator coffee was delicious. Would come back again to enjoy a quick bite and some more live jazz!
I love going here for the drinks and live music. I get the Heritage Manhattan and it's honestly one of my favorite in the city. The live music is always good, but it's not something you can really talk over so I would come here more for when I want to relax with someone and have a drink and food. I usually get the cheese plate and my friend said the burger was good. I would definitely go back!
Heritage has been on my radar since they opened and obtained a keg of Pliny the Younger during their introduction to the scene. I've been there twice within the past month and now I'm just itching for more.

The first visit was for a Philly Beer Week event complete with special Cape May pie flavored brews and a special hand pie menu. The regular brunch menu looked majorly intriguing but I had to go for the day-only specials. The server was friendly and attentive despite growing crowds. The lines were mixed and I accidentally received the wrong beer, but they rectified that by providing the correct beer and comping the wrong one. The kitchen got a little backed up and she was noticeably upset at how long it was taking for us to get our order. Good thing there were good beverages to keep us busy.

The second visit was just for drinks but, again, the food menu looked intriguing. They had a solid beer list, and we had the same great server. 

I loved how bright and open the restaurant was. I didn't even mind being inside at the bar with all of that natural light that came in.

Looking forward to a return visit for food. Don't worry Heritage, I'm coming back for ya!
Who wouldn't be in brunch heaven staring at a beautiful, plant-covered bar and eating delicious food? While in Philly for the weekend, we were going to go to Jerry's for brunch but they were completely full. I'm really happy it worked out that we got to go to Heritage instead! I love everything about the aesthetics of the restaurant! The food was great as well!!! I ordered pulled pork hash and a side of sausage. The hash was everything I wanted and then some! The waitress also brought a tasty hot sauce over as well that I covered my hash in. The hash was a teensy bit oily for me and the sausage was not as great as I had hoped. So, that is why I could not give a perfect rating. My friend got the biscuits and gravy along with an order of potatoes. He really enjoyed both. I wish I lived in Philly to try out dinner and make my boyfriend take me on a date there!
The staff, the staff! Even having waited my fair share of tables, I have not encountered a staff quite as wonderful as the people working at Heritage. From the moment we walked in to the time that we (finally) left, I was thoroughly impressed by my first experience at Heritage. 

I came here with seven others for some brunch/day drinking - as a group we were greeted by the friendliest hostess I've ever encountered, who was excited to be accommodating a group of our size (to be fair we did come after the brunch rush). After we finally settled in, I had a chance to look over the menu - I was upset, but only because I had eaten brunch to prepare for day drinking, but I wanted to try like ten food items from the menu. I (along with two others) started with the Wake Up, Boo drink, which proved to be a bit beer-heavy for me (but still tasty and amazingly named). For the rest of the brunch, we as a table rotated through glasses of rose and mimosas/cranmosas (brunch drinks on special until 3:45?! Amazing.), until we realized that we had overstayed our welcome at this friendly joint. 

Now for the food - since I had already eaten breakfast but needed something to combat my drinking, I opted for the Dutch Baby, which I foolishly kept thinking was named Dutch Oven Baby (feel free to steal my idea, Heritage owners). As I've mentioned in previous yelp reviews, I'm not a HUGE sweets guy, but my lord this Dutch Baby was hitting the spot. It was both warm and creamy and doughy and just plain delicious. And as someone who declared he was not hungry, I obviously sampled several other dishes on the table, including the Heritage Breakfast Plate, small salad (so fresh!), and pulled pork hash (I'll admit I did not sample this last dish but it was consumed right in front of me and look SO good). Even looking around the restaurant at others' food (as one does when they're drinking), I could tell that everything sent out from the kitchen was top-notch.

Yes, the drinks were great and the food was tasty, but the service at Heritage truly makes it worth a visit. The aforementioned hostess was so friendly, our server (shout out to Libby!) was somehow both professional and casual (a look I strive to emulate), and made sure that we had a great time as an obnoxious group of daytime drinkers (not like in-your-face obnoxious, but there was live music and I hope we did not disturb those listening). Anddddd then the manager comes around with a round of shots, and that pretty much sealed the deal for me. Perhaps they were trying to shut us up or maybe make us louder to attract more customers (not like it was empty but 2:30 on a Sunday is bound to be a slower period), but regardless it's the little things that I takeaway from my first experience at any establishment. Heritage truly delivered, and I would highly recommend for brunch (or any other time).
wow what a gem in north libs! fantastic addition to the philly dining scene. 

my bf and i had a wonderful experience here! the atmosphere of the music, the garden and the modern rustic decor.. heritage carries a very unique charm! maybe this is just me, but i thought i was dining in LA again.. a very west coast vibe. lol 

the food was great!  i had my doubts seeing some of the reviews so we didn't go too adventurous with our choices.

we had the:
( smoked baby potatoes with garlic aioli served with shredded scallions )

i believe the potatoes were fried.. and smoked! it carried a very thick aroma to it and the aioli was definitely necessary.  though, the hint of garlic was faint-- i liked the scallions on top, but wished they chopped it up in fine bits and sprinkled it all over rather than the couple strands to garnish.  the portion is generous and great for sharing!

( duck sausage with egg )

this was my first duck sausage! and i loved it! it was served with grind pepper and something else.. the sausage is very well seasoned and so full of flavor.  it wasn't dry at all and the peppery kick really nailed the dish!

( the brisket )

another great choice if you enjoy the smokey/bbq plates.  it's served with their bbq sauce and some cold slaw.  overall, i really enjoyed it.  the meat was very tender but it didn't feel like your typical brisket--- it actually reminded me of canadian bacon where the meat looks like it was glazed. lol 

( mushroom egg noodles )

looks like this was one of the most popular dishes at heritage so we also got it to try.  i was expecting some kind of chinese fusion dish from the name "egg noodle" lol but it was much more similar to a wild mushroom pappardelle dish.  i love mushrooms so naturally this sparked fireworks in me~ super savory with so much mushroom! lol the only thing i can say is that it could use less salt... maybe that was just me.. the sauce was thick and the noodle was slippery so the sauce didn't really catch on... mayb if they switch to like ragatoni or rotini where the pasta will catch more sauce more evenly then it will be a better mixture.  overall, it was delicious!

definitely worth a visit!! perfect for date night and i plan on bringing my ladies here to catch up on GNO :) heritage is here to stay!
Great ambience. Came here on a Monday late  afternoon with a friend for some food, I was pleasantly surprised with the happy hour. $5 wine and great happy hour bites to choose from! In addition, the buffalo cauliflower flat bread was delicious (got this without the bacon). Definitely will be coming back here again!
Good contemporary American restaurant in Northern Liberties. We went for dinner and there was live music playing. The place was packed. We had some drinks and a bunch of appetizers. Had a great time!
This place blew my mind! I went during NoLibs restaurant week and I was so happy with my overall visit. I have absolutely no complaints. 

Drinks: Strong - I like it that way! Strong, but still yummy! 
App: Heirloom tomatoes with cheese - I assumed this was going to be a somewhat average dish because it was only two ingredients, but I was shocked at how flavorful it was! I NEED to know where they get their tomatoes from because POW! its a burst of amazingness in your mouth. 
Entrée: Mushroom noodles - The texture was smooth and the flavor was earthy. My dish was seasoned exceptionally well. My friends got duck and they enjoyed their dish as well. 
Dessert - I ordered the cheesecake and it was seriously some of the best ever! My friend ordered the peanut butter ice cream sandwich and it wasn't very good. It was just TOO sugary and dense. He didn't eat it at all. 
Service: Great - our waitress was bubbly and seemed very happy to be serving us. It was refreshing. 
Atmosphere: Very cool - the space is gorgeous and there is a really cute patio if you choose to sit outside. There was a live jazz band playing - and they were actually really great! 

Overall: If you are in the Northern Liberties area, this place should be a must on your list!
Came here for girl night and we had so much fun hearing the live jazz! The place was very well decorative, and love the designs they made to put the place together. The food was seasoned well, we ended up getting egg noodle, beef tartar and vegetable plates. Although it was a bit overpriced for the portion it was really good and was worth the trip! I was never a huge fan of veggies but how they cooked it was perfect and I enjoyed tasting each veggies. Egg noodle is a must when you go there, it's used with mushroom sauce and I love mushrooms so this was perfect dish for me. The beef tartar was also very well seasoned and was a good starter to order. Overall it was a fun, cute restaurant.
First time at Heritage & was really excited - went for my partner's birthday. Upon checking in & arriving promptly on time for our reservation with the hostess, she informed us that our table was not ready yet... and wouldn't be for another 20-25 minutes. 30 minutes later, our table was cleared & ready to go. A little disappointing to begin with. Our table required one of our backs to be faced toward the musicians the entire time, which again, a little disappointing. 

The foods was okay - definitely not impressing. We only ordered vegetarian things so hard to say what the meat-based menu was like. 

My recommendation & what I would do in the future would be to come during a happy hour, order drinks only, & sit at the bar, where you would have a clear view of the performances for the evening.
I don't ever leave Yelp reviews but I'm incredibly disappointed in the experience had here.  My date and I went last night for a Valentine's dinner and we both feel underwhelmed.   We walked in at 730 for our 730 reservation and there was going to be a 10 minute wait, no problem at all.  We went to the bar and each ordered two different Bourbon drinks off the drink menu and they were both really good and the bartender was friendly and quick.   We then got seated in front of the live band but unfortunately the music was way too loud to hear each other so I asked if we could be seated at a table a little further away.  The hostess was okay with that, thankfully.   The waiter came by and was very enthusiastic and friendly, off to a great start.  He told us about the specials which sounded amazing, one was a seafood tower and the other was a truffle pasta dish.   After inquiring he recommended we share the Burrata and the Brussels sprouts.   The Burrata was easily the most disappointing Burrata I've ever had, it wasn't creamy at all, real hard to cut and was presented very poorly, in a bowl of water with onions and green beans, served with wheat toast.  The Brussel sprouts  were average, nothing to rave or complain about.  After hem hawing about what to have for dinner we asked the waiter to describe the seafood tower again.  He made this sound like the most incredible, elaborate, fresh seafood tower I'd ever seen - complete with fresh crab claws, shrimp, oysters, craw fish, albacore, and a seafood salad.  For $75 we expected nothing but great.  When it came out it was such a sad display.  It was on a small platter of ice, the shrimp were 4 cocktail shrimp that were not fresh, three crab claws, half dozen oysters, smoked flounder slices (I think), a small pile of cubed albacore, four or five tiny crawfish and a small seafood salad.  Maybe it's just because I'm a seafood snob or is because I actually expect my money's worth when I order something but it was utterly awful - considering it being $75.   Being in the seafood restaurant business the platter could not have cost the restaurant more than $15 in food cost.  The first crab claw I bit into was frozen, the second one my date tried to have was dry and she couldn't  get the crab meat off the tendon.  When the waiter came by he asked how it was, excited for our response because of how happy he was we ordered it and I told him we were honestly underwhelmed and disappointed because of the presentation and the frozen crab.  He said, "oh really? I'm sorry about that." And walked away.   My date finished the oysters and I had one cocktail shrimp.  Other than that we couldn't stomach to eat anything else and the waiter came by and took the platter away.   When he brought the bill he didn't offer to provide a discount or to remove the item from the bill.  Instead we paid in full and left extremely disappointed.  We should have taken the $175 spent there and gone to the market and made a meal 2300 times better than what we had consumed.  We would never recommend this place to anyone unless you're going out just for cocktails.
This place is super cool. I brought my friend, who happens to be vegan, for dinner and drinks on a Saturday. The menu appeals to everyone, the carnivorous, the veggies, and the vegans included. The ambience is very unique and rustic, with plants hanging behind the bar area and wood paneling surrounding the restaurant. There is live music every night, Fridays and Saturdays being specifically jazz night. 

Our waiter was extremely helpful with selecting menu items and catering to my friends vegan needs. As I am very far from being vegan, our waiter put all of the sauces and cheeses that came with our selections on the side. 

The farm to table food was definitely fresh, and the food combinations were unique and flavorful. The plates are smaller and shareable, which I love so you can try a number of different menu items. I would highly recommend the crispy beets, the sweet potatoes, and the brussel sprouts.
Had a very enjoyable dinner here beginning around 8 on Saturday evening, complete with romantic atmosphere and live jazz.  The restaurant is spacious with high ceilings, yet it somehow manages to still feel dark and intimate.  The bar, which is quite long, provides an attractive aesthetic addition to the space, and it appeared to be full throughout most of the time we were there.

Service was admittedly a bit odd -- within the first two minutes of sitting down, we were approached by two different servers who seemed to have no idea we'd already been greeted by the other, and it later proved somewhat difficult to get our "real" server's attention for a second round of drinks.  We also were served our entrees before we'd fully finished our appetizer.  None of this was a huge issue, though, and quite frankly we were too pleased to have gotten a last minute reservation (only snagged the spot on OpenTable half an hour ahead of time) to be very bothered by any service quirks.

The lamb meatballs, though fabulous, were probably better described as "lukewarm" than hot.  We licked our plates clean (fried oyster sandwich for him, pork for me) and were too full for dessert.  I would certainly recommend and return, particularly during times that Heritage has live music.
While there are definitely things that Heritage has going for it, there are a lot of things that definitely fall short as well. We were seated quickly but waited a while to actually get our food. The biggest highlight of the night was the mussels appetizer. The mussels were cooked perfectly and we were desperate for more bread to soak up the delicious juices. The appetizer set the bar high, but the rest of the dishes fell flat. The half chicken was bland and had no character at all. The ingredients they choose to pair with the dish also fell flat. The half chicken rested on this dense bed of this puck-shaped stuffing. The ambiance was also lackluster. The place was dark, and the live music was way too loud. For the price, this place was extremely disappointing.
I've been here a bunch of times. Today I was there for the "bluegrass brunch" with great live music. However, it was expensive and poor food. My friend had to order something else, her food was inedible. Another friend ate none of his meal. My food was good altho it wasn't prepared at it said it would. (It said it was fried chicken, it was grilled. It said it was fixed with pickled with apples, they forgot them I guess?) I subbed cooked potatoes for a side salad with was just spinach and bitter, vinegar-heavy dressing. The biscuits and gravy my partner ordered were just okay. The beer selection was good but expensive.
We came here to celebrate our anniversary and were glad that we did. The food was amazing and so was ther service. Note that this review is before quarantine times but they continue to serve good food. They had live music and special cocktails. The ambience was so cool.
One special thing to note. The staff was very friendly. In fact, someone from neighboring table forgot her purse in the restroom and the staff found ot and returned immediately.  This was so nice.
They have outdoor seating which looks very nice for stargazing. Plus they have water bowls for your pups if you sitting outside. 
Overall, I recommend this place.
Went to Heritage with a couple of friends on a Friday night for a catch-up dinner. While it doesn't look big from the outside, the restaurant is quite spacey inside. The volume can vary depending on the music the given night - the music did not invade our conversations and provided great background tunes. Lighting is pretty dim, so definitely going to be that person with flash when the phone inevitably eats first. 

We were greeted shortly after we arrived for our drink order - I got the Strawberry Swing - and our food order. The drink was refreshing and not too sweet. 

For food, we started with the PEI mussels and wild boar meatballs. Mussels were made in a red sauce and solid, run of the mill. The bread was crunchy and flavorful: perfect for soaking the juices. Meatballs were solid, too. They are topped with a fresh marinara sauce and served with a side of creamy fontina polenta. The polenta was a unique addition that was welcomed. Overall, solid appetizers. 

My main dish, after my friend said his good friend boasted it as the best, was the red wine marinated duck breast. Duck was rimmed with fat, cooked to a perfect medium-rare, and packed with flavor.  Loved it. The mushroom & truffled pearled barley served as a complimentary side. It was creamy and enhanced to the texture and flavor with each bite. The roasted carrots were more so to say "here's a veggie." Overall, great duck!

The dessert was advertised to us a cinnamon banana bread pudding served with a homemade vanilla bean ice cream. Definitely not banana. If anything, the fruit was apple and plums. Either way, it was just ok. Would not get again. 

Overall, Heritage was a solid dinner with a pleasant ambiance. Only qualm was the server's lack of checking for more drinks unless we waved him down and telling us the wrong dessert. But the food itself is worth coming back again! Good place for a date or spiced up dinner with family/friends.
Obsessed. Not only because this place is within walking distance, but because they have the loveliest bar and fun boozy drinks complemented by an extensive beer list.
The live music is always fun, and the food menu is constantly changing--im a huge fan of using what's in season. That said some dishes are outstanding to me seem to disappear and sometimes is not replaced by one that I love.
I'm glad to have this spot in my hood to combat the piazza usual stuff!
Heritage's ambiance is awesome. The decor is beautiful and the live jazz is a nice touch. We had reservations for 4 people at 7pm. When we were seated it was empty then started filling up quickly. We started with appetizers of chicken wings and the Smoked Potato flatbread. I had the Heritage Breed Pork for my main. The service was excellent and I really enjoyed my flavorful entree. I will definitely be back, even to sit at the bar.
This was a delicious brunch with a chill atmosphere. Best biscuits and gravy I've ever had outside of the American south. And $4 mimosas where the OJ to bubble ratio was perfection. Thank you!
Had dinner for the first time at Heritage in Northern Liberties on a Friday night.  It was delightul!  The space is large, so it easily accomodates a large crowd  However, the sound level is muted and I was able to have a good, easily heard conversation with my dinner partner.

Service is very skilled and professional.

We ordered to vegetable plates to share which were incredibly tasty and unique.  Grilled brussel sprouts wonderfully done with a sauce and spices.  Crisp and chewy.  But, the real treat was grilled sweet potatoes with cream fraiche and grilled peanut topping.  Sweet and savory, beautifully roasted.  This was a delicious dish.

The dishes are meant for sharing, which makes the evening fun..

We also shared trout which was prepared with a topping of bread crumbs and tiny diced vegetables served in a broth.  It was heavenly.

During our dinner, a live jazz band played, loud enough to be heard, but softly eough not to interrupt conversation.

The crowd is diverse which makes the atmosphere fun..

Highlly recommend a visit.  Parking in the neighborhood can be a challlenge.....so prepare for that, but this is a great spot for an evening out!
Years later I returned to a great experience.  Service is slow, but the food and ambiance is decent.
I have been a resident in NoLibs for 5 years and a regular at Heritage since it opened.  But tonight's experience has been quite disappointing.  First a seafood chowder arrives 25 minutes after order (I seriously doubt it's made to order) and then close to an hour later, when my entree hasn't shown up I decided to leave.

Perhaps it's understandable and even excusable on a Friday or Saturday evening, but this was at 10pm on a Tuesday night.  There's a lot to be desired if the owners of this restaurant thinks it should be in the same leagues as the Starrs, Garces and Vetri of the business.  As of now, the service doesn't hold a candle to any of those.
We went for Sunday blue grass brunch and it was DOPE. The best part was the live music was the perfect volume to appreciate the ambiance, band, and still have a good conversation with my comrades. The food was delicious. I found the Open face Croquet Madam to be the perfect balance with fresh baby kale salad and cheesy warm bready noms. The price point was pretty perfect running $11-13 a plate. Coffee was a tad pricier at $5 a cup BUT it's French press so noms. But honestly when you think we got food and free entertainment it was absolutely worth it. Definitely will go back.
Local gem!! I wish I took more pictures of the food to share here, but unfortunately I only have one which is the vegetable board (which was amazing). Everything we ate that night for dinner was delicious. Arctic char with kumquats, artichokes, and potatoes, the half roast chicken, and the flourless chocolate cake for dessert. Definitely would recommend this place, and so glad that after months of walking by here I finally made my way in!
This is my second favorite steak in the city (the first is the Prime Rib - Heritage steak is the only one that comes close. And it comes very close.) Love the jazz, the ambiance, the plants, and the service. Nice during the summer because it's air conditioned but the garage door is open. 

It's an upscale yet casual restaurant. Expect to spend a few dollars, but you get what you pay for. But all the food is super tasty.
I was there on a Friday night and a reservation is really recommended. A great location with nice interior and live Jazz music.
The price level is a little bit higher but the quality is amazing. All ingredients are bought from farmers in the neighbourhood.
It was my first time but definitely not the last. It is completely worth.
Heritage was on my list of places to try and when I heard about Night out Restaurant Week (http://nightoutrestaurantweek.com) featuring restaurants in Northern Liberties a friend and I decided to go.  Like the more popular philly restaurant week, places offer a pre fixe menu with 3 courses for a set price.  Made a late reservation for Saturday cause a friend was working late and by the time we got there they told us that offer had ended for the night. We ordered dinner anyway but honestly it's a little annoying since it didn't state on the website that there were specific hours for this. 

The place has a nice open and airy natural feel. If you are doing your homework you already know that they are known for their live music. Jazz isn't my favorite type of music but the band sounded great, loud but great. If you are trying this place, go have fun and have your short, witty conversation topics ready. Don't go if you are wanting to profess your love to your date or telling your best friends your deep dark secrets. They probably won't hear you. 

The food was fresh and tasty with an emphasis on garden elements which was appreciated from a vegetarian. We shared the Cabbage Caesar, Burrata with grilled peach, and the tomatoes dish.  Small plates but good if you like to try new things. I liked all of these.  I got the egg noodles for my entree. This dish was very tasty but a little pricey. 

Another annoying thing was my friends meal didn't come out with mine.  It was way later.  I waited for a bit to eat because I didn't want to be finished before he started. Hopefully this was a fluke and not the norm. Overall the place was nice and food enjoyable.
My friends and I shared several small plates. Most were quite good and a few were even great. However, our mussels were pretty sandy. This in itself wouldn't have been a big deal (and wouldn't have led me to give a 3-star review), but the server'a reaction was really odd. She took them back to the kitchen while muttering something to suggest we were wrong, then came back and told us that she and the chef had both tried them and they were delicious. For the rest of our time there she was also quite brusque with us, as if we had personally offended her by finding sand in our shellfish. It was like she thought we were trying to get free food or something, even though we had only eaten a few mussels before deciding they were sandy enough that we wouldn't be able to power through and eat them. The whole experience left a bad taste in our mouths and probably would prevent me from a repeat visit.
Cool new place!  I came here for a bite to eat with my friend last Friday, and LOVE the vibe.  Live jazz, outdoor patio, hanging plants above the bar, and natural wood tables gave it a very laid back, natural feel... very on trend.  

The menu was small, but my friend and I enjoyed the vegetable board from the chef (sauteed mushrooms were especially delicious), and the whole trout with sunchokes three ways (I'm sure that sunchokes ONE way are a novel thing for most people).  No complaints about the food.  And while I only had a glass of wine, the draft list was solid.

The band that night was fairly mellow - good background music, and at a nice volume that we could still have an easy conversation even sitting a couple tables away from the stage. 

Not quite 5 stars given that the food wasn't so outstanding to go out of my way, but would definitely come here again and recommend it as a great place in No Libs to grab a bite or drink and hang out!
What a fun experience!

We had a party of 4, and had a lovely dinner last night at Heritage.  The inside was dim but inviting, with plants tumbling down the back wall of the bar, full of a diverse group of diners.  A great band played lively (but not deafening) tunes while we ate.  The hostesses and servers apologized profusely for seating us no more than 15 minutes later than our reservation.  The staff was knowledgable but not pretentious- everyone who came to our table was able to answer questions about the food and preparations.  Our water and wine glasses remained full, but no one was pushy about the table ordering more drinks.

We had the 30oz rib eye with potato pancakes and veal marrow.  Its a huge portion but for 4 people with lots of sides it was a reasonable amount of food.  For such a large portion of meat, it was really well prepared, with some earthy greens on the side.  We also got the large vegetable platter, which features 8 uniquely prepared seasonable vegetables.  Each preparation of veggies was thoughtful and deliciously executed.

For a restaurant that has only been open for less than 4 weeks, they seem to have their act together.  Our only complaint was that we didn't get steak knives with the rib eye, or spoons with dessert (which was fine- we used our hands!).  But if those are the only short comings of a new restaurant with an exciting delicious menu and well-trained friendly staff, I can hardly complain.
This place was all I hoped and a food coma more. The ambiance of the restaurant itself was lovely. We had the good fortune of sitting outside in perfect weather with a sunset, soft jazz filtering out, and candlelight. The waitstaff (straight up NoLibs characters with amazing mustaches and plenty of tattoos to go around) were very attentive. 

The food was amazing. The menu is family style with various sized plates. We had two starter-sized plates the kale salad and the potatoes. The smokiness in the aioli the potatoes came in was delicious beyond comprehension. My boyfriend had the duck confit which he loved. I had the rabbit sausage with the squash and grits. I don't know how they got the grits that creamy, and I don't want to know. We shared the peanut butter semifreddo sandwich which was addictive. 

The inside is definitely a bit louder, but do yourself a favor and check this place out while the weather is still glorious. Just be prepared to fail if you like to 'taste just a bite' because every plate was too good not to completely clean.
Went with a group of 4 on Saturday night and had a great experience.  Heritage comes from the same people who do Time and it has a similar vibe - great live music and a very warm atmosphere.  The place just looks amazing - from a chandelier made from brass instruments to the garage door to plants on the wall, they nailed it with the design of this restaurant.  When we were there, we got to hear 2 jazz bands which was a big part of the draw.

After reading the reviews, I was expecting overpriced & mediocre food (kind of strange that we still went, I know) - but we went anyway, figuring it would still be a fun night out with great cocktails and live jazz.  Maybe it was the low expectations... but, we were all very impressed by the food & the service.  The prices were maybe a little high - but, not crazy (dinner, dessert, drinks & tip was $350 for 4 of us and we left stuffed).

For me, the vegetables were the highlight - ramps & fiddleheads are in season right now & they knocked it out of the park with their fiddlehead fern appetizer.  Beyond that, the mushroom pasta (under $20) & half portion of roasted chicken (about $20) were great - especially the cheesy dumplings they served with the chicken.  For dessert, they had a peanut butter ice cream sandwich that was fantastic.  If I'm being picky, the kale salad was just ok (basically a Caesar salad with kale), as was the bread.

Not a lot of places in Philly have live music & a great atmosphere to go along with your excellent food and drink (did i mention those 36 craft beer lines?).  Highly recommended.
This place was very cool.  They offer live jazz pretty much all the time (schedule is posted online if you want to check it out).  It was modern ad clean on the inside with a long bar.  The bartending staff was very friendly and attentive, but I will caveat, my sister ordered a bloody mary on special and was asked what vodka (it was a Sunday afternoon, brunch time).  She was given a few options, but should have answered whatever is on special because the options were not and they were an upsell.  Her intent was to get the special.  I think the bar should've clarified that and not tricked her into the upsell. If it wasn't for that I would have given 4 stars.
Excited to see a new spot open in the neighborhood we quickly made reservations for a Saturday night. Unique in its size for the neighborhood and Philly dining, it also appears to accommodate groups very well.

Service was friendly and excellent. Like the vibe, beautiful interior and certainly more beer selections than you could ever ask for. Food was all very good but is a miss at the price. Nothing really blew us away and were above prices I even expect at some of my favorite Center City restaurants based on quality and portion. Same goes for the drinks, I know people don't mind paying $7 for their crafts but $11 for a glass of wine...not in the neighborhood.

Would certainly go back again but not for your average night out.
On a warm summer night, we ventured to heritage for a fantastic and memorable meal!  Their vegetable appetizers and platter are seriously distinctive!  

We started with the peas with bacon, the beet salad with roasted golden beets and the steak tartare with blueberries.  Each of the appetizers with garnished with fresh herbs.  The combination of the steak tartare and blueberries was really creative and good.   The golden beets had a sweet roasted flavor there were served with a nice salad and dressing that really blended well.

Since there were four of us we got the large roasted chicken with amazing gnocchi on the platter. We also got the vegetable platter for four. I definitely recommend getting the large size of these platters for four people.  The dishes had an amazing combination of flavors and fresh sampling of a variety of things.  The vegetable platter varies based on what's fresh. In ours, we had shiitake mushrooms, peas eggplant cucumber roasted peppers...all where creatively presented.  The chicken with the gnocchi was really good. That gnocchi is dangerous!!

The jazz music was excellent and created a nice ambience! If you are sitting near the back the music is definitely engaging and not easy to keep in the background. The tables in the garden out front are lovely especially on a warm summer evening. 

Worth the trip if you haven't been yet.  Definitely worth a return trip if you have been!
I went the first warm day of the season for happy hour with a friend- and just HAD to go back to share it with family just a week later. They have a $50 special with a dozen oysters and a bottle of bubbly that really warmed up the meal. The menu is short, but covers all palates! I loved the beef tar tare, the Brussels sprouts, asparagus and lamb shank! When I returned with family the next week, the Brussels sprout were sadly no longer on the menu, but replacements were just as delicious. 

The reason for 4 stars and not 5 is the service! We were asked if we had a reservation when we arrived, and had to wait while the hostess checked the computer, and went to talk to the bartender. We were seated in a completely empty restaurant- so I'm not sure what that was all about. The waitress was not patient when we had questions about the menu items, and was very vague in explanations. No one came to check on us, and when we asked for the check it took forever to come and pay out. We ended up taking the bill up to the hostess stand to pay.

I go for the food, and the ambiance- not the service!
I had been to Heritage before for drinks but I finally came in for brunch for the first time today.

The ambiance of this place is great; solid layout, rustic decor and the urban garden makes you feel like you're in somewhat of an oasis!

The cocktails are carefully crafted, they have a solid draft list and excellent whiskey selection plus great wine options!

The food was also fantastic; my boyfriend had the duck sausage hash and I had the shrimp & grit cakes. Both were delicious, though my shrimp could have used a liiiiittle less salt. I look forward to trying dinner here!

Last, but not least, the live music is really enjoyable and something that's kinda hard to come by in Philly!
Went here for brunch this morning. We sat at the bar as there was a wait for table service. 

So many great things about this place. 
First... brunch on Sundays they have a live blue grass band. They were amazing. 
Second... they have 3-4-5: $3 dud beer, $4 mimosas and $5 bloodies till 3:45 amazing! 
Third... the food is great. Decent portions & really flavorful. We all were happy.
Lastly... the ambiance is great. Rustic and warm! 

I heard that this place was great for dinner, but never went. The brunch will 100% bring me back!!!
We went during the summer, when the space was opened up to the street front. The decor is absolutely stunning, particularly the bar with the plants on the adjacent wall. There was a live blue grass band playing, which made it difficult to hear my friends. But it was still good entertainment. The food itself is excellent as well - I've only come here for brunch and had a sampling of my friends' dishes, all of which were tasty. I ordered a dutch baby, which was perfectly crisp and cooked, complemented with some delicious lemon curd.
Boring. Happy hour cocktail: sangria?! The burger was OK, but small - more like a slider and $10 no fries. The mussels broth was a bit too salty. Happy hour prices for food were almost all the same as regular prices.
Very unimpressive. Not coming back.
Bluegrass Sunday brunch was so savory, with a great band playing and amazing food. I had the special of pork belly and eggs and potato tacos, rest of the table had pancakes, eggs, thick thick bacon and much more.

Definitely heading back again. Would love to check out dinner and jazz on Saturdays too. 

We got there around noon and there were plenty of tables but it was getting filled by 1pm
Unfortunately had a food allergy incident at heritage. I sat at the bar and had informed the bartender of my nut allergy. The food was great, but unfortunately a nut must have slipped on to the chef board. There were "bread crumbs" over a grilled romain that must have had a small piece of walnut mixed in. The manager was extremely apologetic when I informed her and promised to be more careful in the future.
Really great live music on Friday night. Has about 40 beers on tap! Great ambiance and very spacious! Fun place to hang out with friends or go for date night!
I went to heritage for the third time this past Sunday for brunch.  The awesome ambiance keeps me coming back.

The food is awesome; a creative selection served by friendly staff.  I have tried the frittata, dutch baby and the flap jacks, and they are all nothing sort of excellent.  Great brunch specials, including $4 mimosas until 3:45.  Definitely a place you can park it for a while with some friends.

The music is an eclectic mix of blue grass and country,  They feature a rotation of local artists and really make it unique.  It reminds me of the bars in Nashville.
Heritage would be what I want my restaurant to be if I were to open one.  Live music, dressy casual atmosphere and great food.  I came here for a friend's 30th birthday and was kinda mad that it took me so long to find this delightful place.  The staff there are attentive and kind and never lost their cool even when waiting on a table of 20 of us.  They planned a menu and everything for her which I thought was nice.  They also had an expansive bar and MANY taps with a lot to choose from.  Everything I had there was delicious, and I can't wait to go back again soon! DO NOT MISS THIS NO LIBS GEM!
Like 40 beers on draft. Live jazz.  Those two elements are automatic five-star.  Not because they have them and do them, but because they do them very well.  

Related to the Time bar in Center City, with some similarities. highly recommend.
Been here a ton.  

The floor plan is a weakness, but I dont know shit about interior architecture.  
Great date spot.  Perfect volume level.  
Bartenders are top pros.  Food is different.
We were very excited to eat here, the ambiance looked great, and so did the beer list. HOWEVER, the food that continued to come out was awful. The sweet potatoes tasted like kerosine from the grill, and I mean it tasted like I ate a bucket of pure kerosine. The 13$ squid couldn't feed a toddler (extremely small portions) and was terrible to boot, and the kale was most definitely spinach. Lastly, the brisket was over cooked and extremely tough to eat/chew. On top of it all, our waitress had no idea what was on the menu and made poor recommendations and explanations of the food. We ended up paying $60 and going across the street to eat dinner at another restaurant. This was a huge let down, I can only help that they get it together or this place won't last.
Went here with some friends for dinner Saturday night and we were all impressed.  First of all, the bar and decor is fantastic.  I definitely want to go back soon and just hang out at the bar and listen to the live jazz music.  Beer and brown liquor selection is top notch, and even spotted a few things on tap that I haven't seen before.  

For food we went with the small plates and ordered pretty much one of about everything.  Standouts were the Kunik cheese on house bread with grilled ramps and baby bok choy.  Insanely delicious.  Also the smoked baby potatoes, the lamb jerky and the pig head torchon were all stand outs.  We also greatly enjoyed an assortment of desserts that were out of this world!  Will definitely be coming back here sometime soon.
Great experience here Friday night for drinks. Loved the ambience and the open-air vibe at the front of the restaurant. It was packed, but service was solid. It was so refreshing to have such hospitable service at a place in Northern Liberties, which I feel is home to some of the crappiest service in the city. Draft list was extensive and the bartender poured samples for those we were unfamiliar with. A welcomed addition to the neighborhood.
I was thoroughly underwhelmed with this restaurant.  The decor was good, they have a decent cocktail selection, and the service was ok but the food was boring and it was over priced.  When I opened the menu, I was dismayed that there were about 8 entrees and most of them were $28-$30 a plate.  I have no problem paying that for an entree but I'm not going to pay that at a restaurant that isn't really renowned for their food.. We decided to split the pasta entree, and ordered the cabbage salad, and the mussels.  The cabbage salad looked great but was bland.  The mussels were ok, nothing special, and the pasta mushroom entree (cheapest entree $23) was mushroom overdrive.  I would go here for drinks and maybe brunch but that's it.
Went to heritage for brunch this past weekend with a group of my friends.  After hearing so many positive things I was really looking forward to brunch. The restaurant itself is beautiful.  The entire restaurant is open and there are plants and fresh herbs above the bar. 

Our reservation time was right at 1130 when the restaurant was opening so to start up service was a little slow.  Our server was very friendly and my one friend was given a drink on the house because of the wait time. 

There was live jazz music for the duration of brunch which I really enjoyed. I feel like in general there is a lack of good live music in philly- so that's a plus!

The food was wonderful.  I got the heritage breakfast plate which includes toast, eggs, bacon,  and home fries.  Everything was delicious... but oh the bacon.  Thick, center cut, crispy and amazing!  Great list of craft brews, local coffee, and cocktails.  Definitely one of my new favorite brunch spots- love!
So. I reallllyyy liked Heritage. And I will most certainly be back. 

The atmosphere was great, it's open and spacious with a huge garage door opening out onto 2nd St. There is also a long bar that spans the length of the restaurant and an outdoor seating area. It reminds me of Terrain, if you've ever been there. 

Service was fantastic. Our server was so pleasant and made great recommendations, it felt like we were simply hanging out with him all night (but not in a clingy, overbearing waiter kind-of-way). 

We stuck to small plates for dinner. The mussels were huge, chicken croquettes were a must-order and the beet salad was my absolute favorite (I think I've had at least 3 dreams about it since).

And, the icing on the cake was the live jazz music! They have live music every night and during brunch on Saturdays & Sundays. I definitely want to come back for brunch!
