While I was in Philly, I swung by the Reading Terminal Market for a quick bite.  Turns out that I got there just as the whole market was closing, which was only at 6 pm.  I found Hershel's East Side Deli, and I gave it a try.  They were very nice to still be serving even though the whole market was about to close.

Really quickly I just ordered the corned beef on rye with Russian dressing.  I just found the meat to be so incredibly tender and flavorful.  It really melted in my mouth, and I can still taste it now.  The rye bread wasn't anything special, but it didn't matter as a whole.  I would definitely go there again.
4.5 Stars. Pastarami, knishes and kasha, oy vey! Oh Hershel, go on with your bad self! This will be absolutely be the best smoked meat sammy you will have in Philly and certainly up there with your favorite NYC and Montreal delis. You can see by just watching folks making love to their stuffed sammies and well as just looking at how the super tender corned beef and pastrami meat just falls apart, also how it's dripping with juices. 

Hershel's offers all of your favorite Jewish deli staples...matzoh ball soup, knishes of all kinds, latkes, kasha and bow ties, smoked fish, salads such as tuna, chicken and whitefish, to name a few. Ruebens on rye, and don't forget the dill pickles that come complimentary with any purchase, amazing spicy brown mustard and a can of Dr Brown's of course! If you've never had one, HAVE ONE! Birch or cream rock! Diet available too. 

The knish was on the smaller size (as were the matzoh balls), but big in flavor and absolutely stuffed with filling. The kasha was the best I've ever tasted! Ever! Ever! EVER!

They offer 1/2 soup & 1/2 sammy special for just under $8, as well as breakfast sammies too! 

Prices were very fair especially for this type of cuisine and the amount of meat in the sammies. 

The boys behind the counter were all sweet and very helpful. 

10% off for jurors. Just ask. 

They are NOT certified Kosher as they do indeed mix meat and dairy.
Try a pastrami sandwich.

As soon as you're done with that, feel free to send me a Thank You card.

Unlike the pastrami, their bagel lox is just so-so. Theirs is one of the biggest I've had - they pile on the salmon and trimmings - but not exactly bursting with flavor. On the other hand, it's good enough to save you a trip to NYC.
Because I don't eat beef, Hershel's normally wouldn't be a business that would attract a lot of attention from me, given that they're famous for their reuben, pastrami, etc.  However, several Philly Yelpers told me I needed to check it out, and one (Lauren W.) pointed out that I could get knishes here.  Having never tried a knish before, I was intrigued, so on my visit to RTM this past weekend, I stopped by to pick one up.

Given that I'd already ordered lunch from the grilled cheese place nearby, I ordered a potato knish while I was waiting for my grilled cheese to be prepared.  Despite my mangling of the pronunciation (I believe it's pronounced with an audible "k"), the woman waiting on me understood what I was asking for, and asked if I'd like mustard with it, which I affirmed.  Service was prompt, and I received my knish only a minute or two after ordering.

I ate the knish after having finished the grilled cheese and fixings, which (surprisingly) didn't fill me up.  Upon biting into the knish, I was greeted by a chewy exterior and a fluffy yet substantial interior.  It almost reminded me of a Jewish version of a pierogi, without the pasta exterior, and with the onions integrated into the filling.  (I couldn't taste them much, though, which I was okay with since I'm not a big fan of onions anyway.)  The brown mustard that came with it added a great deal of flavor to it, and I ended up using the knish to soak up all of it.  The knish was extremely filling--indeed, by the time I'd eaten half of it, I felt extremely satiated in a way that I hadn't been even after eating an entire gourmet grilled cheese and accompanying potato chips!

Based on my experience, I'd strongly recommend trying a knish at Hershl's.  If you're vegetarian, vegan, or a non-red meat eater like me, it will give you a reason to appreciate this awesome Jewish deli!  4.5 stars, only because I have no basis of comparison, since this was my first knish.

NOTE: The irony of posting a review of a Jewish deli on Christmas does not elude me.  In fact, I was planning to go one better by picking up bagels this morning, but my neighborhood bagel place (run by Columbians) was closed.
Omgeeeeee.....words can't describe how wonderful this place is.Without a doubt this is one of the best sandwich I have ever eaten.I may just go to Philly to eat this sandwich.

So this deli is located in their famous Reading Terminal Market.Everything here is so fresh and service is quick.

I wanted to try them after reading such amazing reviews on yelp and their photos were absolutely drool worthy.

I ordered a pastrami sandwich with slaw on the side.The sandwich was oozing of soft, wonderfully cooked delicious meat.The meat had such an amazing taste to it-it actually was melting away in my mouth.The bread used was fresh and delicious as well. It was so packed with meat that I actually took some out of the sandwich to eat with a fork.The slaw was crunchy and fresh.

Like I said in the beginning of my review I would just go to Philly for their sandwich.The market is always busy and thus it's hard but not impossible to find a seating.

Anyone going to Philly please try thus place and bless me with good wishes :-)
I wandered around Reading Terminal after getting my vaccine. I had forgotten to eat breakfast and was starving after waiting in line for nearly 2 hours. I circled the place once overwhelmed by all the choices. Finally I was walking passed this place and saw a guy cutting up some delectable looking meat. It smelled so good and there was no line. So I stepped up. They asked me what was up. I panic picked the sandwich that had the same name as the place. I figure it's gotta be good right? Right. 

So I go a Turkey club with Mayo on Bread that I believe was rye. Pickle on the side. I tried getting a homemade iced tea but they were out. I bet that would've been good. 

The sandwich was awesome and pretty hefty for $11. I took half home to my wife. We aren't talking a shitty lunch meat club either. This was real sliced Turkey. Turkey bacon too. I know I know how much Turkey does one guy need on one goddamn sandwich?

I know just walking in there can make your head spin with all the choices. I highly suggest you try this spot next time you are in there and can't decide. It's well worth the money.
It's a pretty popular place at the Reading Terminal, the place had a bunch of employees and a pretty decent line but I wasn't sold on my sandwich.  

The food:

Hershel's Pastrami on Rye with mustard. I think my expectations may have been a little high since I am used to the great Jewish delis in NYC. The pastrami here missed the mark for me. I thought the pastrami was chewier than I expected and it didn't have that nice velvetiness that I am used to in pastrami. I also felt it had some gristly pieces that were off putting. The rye was standard but the mustard did have a nice pop.
Pastrami!

Located inside the Reading Terminal Market, this place makes a mean sandwich. Employees are friendly and quick. Our order was neatly wrapped. Seating can be difficult to find on weekends but eventually a spot opened up. Tried the Famous Reuben with Pastrami. Comes with your choice of bread, cole slaw, Russian dressing, and Swiss cheese. One sandwich can definitely be shared between two people, they are generous with the portions. The pastrami was melt in your mouth good. So flavorful and tender. Everything in this sandwich came together so well. 

Highly recommend paying Hershel's a visit.
Re-visted Hershel's on memorial day weekend (a surprisingly not crazy busy weekend for Philly) and got to try their pastrami sandwich again PLUS the BRISKET sandwich

You definitely want to order your sandwich TOASTED! 
---pastrami sandwich: still good!!
---brisket sandwich: wouldnt have thought to order this, it was almost a mistake, but glad we did! They recommended it with a bit of bbq sauce which paired well with the meat which was very moist!

Meat was all cooked perfectly but could have used a tad bit more flavor
Foodgasm (Urban Dictionary)- "Eyes rolling back in head and moaning while possibly shouting "this is so freaking good!!"and taste so overwhelming you have to take breaks between bites to keep from shutting your system down."

Now to experience the pure foodgasm just described above, go to the Reading Terminal Market, and stop by Hershel's. Order the reuben sandwich with pastrami AND corned beef, Swiss cheese, sauerkraut, and Russian dressing, grilled between slices of rye bread. The juicy, fatty, tender freshly cut meats compliment perfectly with the flavors of the sauerkraut and delicious dressing. Truly mouthwatering stuff. 

Oh, and add a can of Dr. Brown's black cherry soda and a donut from Beiler's, your life will be forever changed.
Simple, fun, informal, good. This is NOT fine dining, and we loved it.
We stayed at a nearby hotel and wanted to try Reading Terminal Market for our late breakfast after a late night of election returns. Even though we both are trying to avoid grains and watch our diets, we opted for the Hershel's and the classic bagel-lox-cream cheese-tomato-onion sandwich. We are not meat eaters, the meat sandwiches looked great.
Very informal: order from the guy preparing food, go down to the other end to pay and get coffee. We are decaf drinkers, they only have caffeinated, so they sent us (my wife went) around the corner to a coffee purveyor. By the time she returned, our sandwiches were ready.
Lox piled high and very fresh. Bagels toasted to perfection. I inhaled mine, totally delicious.
Picnic tables with chairs nearby were convenient and luckily not crowded; I've been to RTM during lunch hour and it's nuts, forget finding a table anywhere. Our table was dirty from previous occupants. When I asked for a wet rag, I was pointed to a container of sani-wipes, pre-moistened, and I quickly cleaned off the table and chair. No problem.
I will definitely return to RTM and to Hershel's.
It's not often that I come across food that is life changing. Yes, that is how I would describe Hershel's, because their pastrami sandwich was THAT good.

Located in the historic Reading Terminal Market, Hershel's is known for serving classic Jewish deli favorites. If you are visiting on weekends there will likely be a line, however, the employees are fast-moving and you will not find yourself waiting for too long.

Homemade Pastrami Sandwich ($13) - This sandwich was absolute heaven! It was my first time trying pastrami and I was not expecting it to be so ridiculously tasty! The pastrami was sliced thin and piled high in between two slices of bread. The combination of their pastrami, melted cheese, and cabbage had such an immense flavor with an impeccable balance between smoky and savory. The slices of meat were extremely tender and the bread was perfectly toasted for a nice added crunch. Well worth the cost!

I am now dreaming about the day I get to try their glorious pastrami again. Do yourself a favor and get to Hershel's ASAP!
Stopped by for some lunch on Saturday afternoon after reading their glowing reviews. I love pastrami and I'm told they have the best and the reviews are completely accurate. 

I went with the highly recommended Rachel Sandwich which is a grilled hot pastrami with Swiss cheese, coleslaw, and Russian dressing and I chose rye bread. It also comes with some delicious dill pickle spears. 

This was by far the best pastrami I have ever had! So tender, juicy, and delicious! 

The line wasn't very long around 3pm and moved pretty quickly and all of the employees were very friendly and efficient. The only hard part was finding a seat because the market is very busy... especially on Saturdays. But it was definitely worth it. 

They were also able to validate my parking with a $10.00 purchase so my parking was only $4 at the Hilton Parking garage next door that was good for 2 hours... 

Definitely recommend!
Jewish Heaven. Just the way my dad use to make my sandwiches. Big and obnoxious! Growing up in an all Gentile neighborhood the kids in my elementary school just didn't get it. I remember one girl used to get a hard boiled egg, a slice of bread and an apple. So I'd always give her the other half. 

Well me and my stacked meat sandwiches were a revelation compared to the PB J's and 1 Slice of cheese sandwiches that I witnessed all around me in the cafeteria during lunchtime!
oh yeah, back to the review. I had the whitefish platter and finally tried out the Cel-Ray soda that my boyfriend had been raving about. The amount of food I received on my platter made 4 sandwiches. So there was plenty of take home. Which I tentatively hid in the back of the fridge so my bo wouldn't find it. (he's such a foodie)
This place is a little heaven and the service was great. Jill was my waitress and a real doll. She said the tips weren't great which i was hard pressed to believe but I still slipped her a 40% tip. I recommend this place highly. Food was fresh, mounds and mounds, even the Q-tips at the Early birds in Florida would be jealous!

* Q-Tips are Seniors with white hair.. get it :)
Hershel's East Side Deli is a great deli located inside of the Reading Terminal.  As much as I have been disappointed by a lot of places inside the tourist trap (aka Reading Terminal), Hershel's did not disappoint.

Hershel's sells 4 main cuts of meat: corned beef, pastrami, turkey, and brisket.  You can get these as a sandwich or standalone meat cuts (which comes with one choice of a side).  A sampler combination with your choice of 3 meats will cost ~$11 (I chose all the beef cuts).  While, the portions are generally smaller than one may expect, for the price, I think it's quite generous.

My overall impressions of the meats were that they were all a rock solid 4* and I'd be hard pressed to believe you'll find something better in Philly.   The two qualms that I had were that the meat was dry and that the meats were not very flavorful.  However, given that it only cost $11, I wouldn't hesitate to choose this option to other sit-down dine in joints that cost upwards of $20 for something of lesser quality than Hershel's.
I don't really like using the word "succulent" to describe food, but I'm not sure how else to describe the Pastrami Reuben at this place. It really melts in your mouth. I've been here several times and there was only one time when the cut was a little on the drier side. Definitely one of the best pastrami reubens in the Northeast (yes, even better than Katz's). 

There's a good reason why the line always wraps a couple times around...
There's nothing like freshly made corned beef. Honestly, I've only recently realized I like pastrami just as much. Hershel's makes a bomb sandwich with moist and tender cuts. They strike the perfect balance of salt and flavor. The staff is friendly and will allow sampling if you ask. Half sandwiches are also an option despite not being listed on the menu. I rarely eat sandwiches, but I'd be a regular if I lived within 25 miles of this place.
I had put this place on a pedestal. My mouth would salivate just from thinking about their matzah ball soup. Every time I attended a conference at the convention center, I'd send people here. When folks come up from DC, I send them to RTM and mention Hershel's as a solid option.

But, when I roll up to the deli counter, I guess none of that matters. Honestly, I hate I made this one of my last meals in Philly. I just wanted a large order of matzah ball soup, and the guy at the register had the warmth of a piece of silverware during our interaction. Then, he gave me two massive matzah balls with about 1/3 cup of broth and no chicken as a large order of matzah ball soup. In disbelief, I even asked to confirm this was indeed a large order of soup. He confirmed.

The soup and customer service were both completely disappointing, and I will not be making anymore referrals or coming back myself.
Visiting Phila and a casual stroll in Reading Terminal had me stumble on Hershel's. As I was with my mother, who wanted a pastrami sandwich I thought I'd try the chopped liver & onions.

Woo Hoo!! I was happy about the friendly greeting...happy about the quick service and even happier about the food. My mum changed her order to corned beef after seeing how yummy it looked. She told me it was moist, delicious & seasoned well. My chopped liver didn't disappoint, also moisty with a nice texture - I added brown mustard & delish it was.

We enquired about who 'Hersel' was (original owner) who went on to start Katz Deli in NYC. Not sure if it was true or not but the story was interesting.

The prices are a bit up there but we both enjoyed the food and great customer service.
MOST MEATY SANDWICH EVER.

Make sure you study the menu before you go or get lost ordering like me. The guys up there don't really help you with their menu.

I ordered a Reuben with corn beef. They guys asked if I wanted thousand island and cold slaw. I said yes thinking it was the only topping they had. After I paid, I saw they had mustard and sauerkraut. Ugh, couldn't they tell I was a tourist?? 

The sandwich itself was good though! The meats were not dry at all. They seriously put so much meat in my sandwich!! The bread was good. It was little thin where it got a little soggy. 

Cool spot to check out if you're in the market!
I'm surprised by all the four- and five-star reviews. I didn't think Hershel's was all that great. When I asked local Yelpers about delis before coming to Philly, no one had any recommendations for good places, and I was told NYC and LA have much better delis, so I guess I shouldn't have been surprised that Hershel's didn't meet my standards. 

I got the half sandwich/soup combo with turkey on rye and matzo ball soup. The sandwich was nothing special, and the soup just didn't seem right to me. I've had better matzo ball soup at Jerry's Famous Deli! 

When I ordered an iced tea, I was told it was unsweetened. Um, I should hope so. I didn't think Philly was in the South!
Prepare yourself for a juicy meat holiday.  I'd passed by this place a few times before hand, regrettably with a full stomach, but it always looked and smelled amazing.  I went up to the counter, asked the butcher which was better, the corned beef or the pastrami because they both looked great.  He said he was partial to the pastrami, hands me a scrap, and I knew I was in for a good sandwich.  

So he starts cutting slices of the giant hunk of warm pastrami and puts about a layers worth of meat on the rye.  And i figure, well, thats probably it, and I guess  that will be enough.  Oh how I was wrong.  My sandwich was like a glorious tower of meat.  Warm, juicy, meaty, delicious.  Thats what I want from a deli sandwich.  If you're looking for a meat coma, go to Hershels.
If you're already here at Reading Terminal Market being all touristy, skip the urge to to grab a hoagie, errr, cheesesteak and visit Hershel's instead for gigantic, delicious, old-school sandwiches stuffed full of meat.

You can't go wrong with either the pastrami or corned beef which offer generous shavings and slices that are worth the wait and will prime your taste buds and appetite while you're in line. Prices are quite reasonable given the portions and taste. A great find and a great reason to visit Reading Terminal Market!
Dear Hershel,

Let me start out by saying Thank you, in fact, a thousand thank you's.  Thank you for the quality of food you serve, thank you for the consistency, and thank you for taking pride in serving some of the best deli-style sandwiches in Philly.  

Was your pastrami cut and cured from heavenly cows?  I just can't wrap my head around it.  It's so perfect... the seasonings, the marbling/fat content, the tenderness of the meat, and the cook temperature on every hot sandwich.  I started writing this review this past Saturday and took a quick break to run over to your spot and grab another hot pastrami special (w/ Russian and Coleslaw on Marble Rye) just to gvie my taste buds a refresher.  Wow once again!  Not only was my sandwich better than last time, but every employee there is so accomodating and really works hard to keep the line moving. 

I'm so happy that you don't stop at the amazing pastrami, corned beef, and brisket you serve.  You also disperse some of the best-tasting potato salad and coleslaw from ANY deli.  I could keep going on, but instead I'll just make sure to visit again soon so I can become reacquainted with the finer things in life.


Sincerely,
-One of your most loyal customers
Our first day in Philadelphia we were walking around and got pretty hungry.  I was in the mood for a sandwich and we looked up the best deli spots in PA and this place came up.  It was a bit of a walk and we ended up at a super crowded public market.   The line was kind of long for this spot but went by quickly.  We decided on a Rachel style pastrami and corned beef and split those. Omg! The pastrami was awesome!!!!! I'm still thinking about it.  It was huge and loaded and juicy, well seasoned!
Every time I hear the Arby's commercial " we have the meats" I laugh. No they don't. But Hershel's does. Boy do they ever. Piled high corned beef, smoky pastrami. Wonderful rye bread. Expensive but reasonable for the size of the sandwiches. First rate Jewish deli. Just thinking about it , I'm going to go tomorrow! They have the meats!!!!!
I had heard a lot about this place but didn't know exactly what to expect. Reading Terminal Market is already an interesting experience in itself, so finding this place was super exciting to me. It is like being in meat heaven. Watching those men slice all that meat in front of me was divine. I ordered the Rueben of course and geez there was a lot of corned beef in that sandwich. Like after every bite, meat was just falling everywhere on my plate. You can't beat it for that price! And they made that sandwich in a snap. I need this place to exist in every corner of the world.
Short review: The best P A S T R A M I  in Philly!

I usually go to Katz deli in NY when it comes to Pastrami sandwich! I'm so glad that our local Reading terminal has it! There is not much to write here since it's in the Reading Terminal, there is no specific table / seating arrangement get a table at the food court and eat there. 

I wrote this review just to recommend that everyone should try this place! PERIOD! Best in town!
During a surprise weekend trip to Philly the locals recommended the Reading Market terminal and after combing through all the aisles to see our options, we decided upon Hershel's. I usually take pictures to leave a review but let's just say "ain't nobody got time for that". Sorry guys I downed that thing so fast I think my fiancé probably gave me major side eye. Overall the pros are: great customer service, well established reputation in philly, incredible sandwiches especially the corned beef and pastrami (get the one with coleslaw and Russian dressing). Everything was tasty. 
Cons are: I don't live in Philly and I'm craving a Hershel's sandwich right now. Ok so no cons
One of my favorite weekend morning breakfast spots. I like to get here early to beat the crowd and enjoy a somewhat quiet Reading Terminal Market. In all honesty,  where can you get a better egg and pastrami sandwich in Philly? I can really only speak for the breakfast but the pastrami is melt-in-your-mouth good. The pastrami is a staple of RTM and a must have if you're visiting this city. 

I also like to order the bagel/bialy cream cheese and lox. You can tell the lox is higher quality and fresh. Don't be afraid to get all the classic fixings  (tomato, onion, and capers). I mean,  is it really a bagel and lox without the classic add-ons?

Staff is always super friendly and attentive. Can't get much better than this place for the price!
Amazing Pastrami. It's juicy and not too salty. They toast it to perfection and the portion is gigantic. Two people can easily share this sandwich. Service was awesome and friendly.
Growing up in NYC, I was raised on corned beef & pastrami from Katz's on Houston Street. Hershel's meets the same standards. Their pastrami is moist and delicious, corned beef the same. And they don't skimp on how much they put in their sandwiches, my wife and I can share a Pastrami on marble rye from Hershel's and not have room for anything else! Don't miss Hershel's take out when you visit Reading Terminal.
Corned beef Reuben on marble changed my life. Only better one I've ever had was from Katz in New York. Piled on high, diced up the perfect amount, sloppy but not ridiculously so. Friendly people slinging em behind the counter. Paid about $13 for one plus a soda, so not the cheapest option, but so worth it. Decent pickles.
Too bad you can't sneak a pint of soup through the airport security. This was some of the tastiest matzo ball soup I've ever had. The rustic vibe of the ball (possibly a mix of ingredients? More complex than usual but I couldn't put my finger on it) along with the added carrots in the soup sealed the deal.

Located in the heart of Reading Terminal Market, this booth offers a quick and bustling style with guests stepping up to the counter to order quickly then move along to checkout. I opted for the matzo ball cup of soup paired with a half turkey sandwich lunch deal. The moist slab of turkey being sliced away quickly made up  my mind. The sandwich was as juicy as it looked and featured a variety of condiments like slaw and a side of pickles. 

The next time I find myself in Reading, I've added this matzo soup to my hit list- along with Miller's Twisted Pretzels!
If you say you don't like the pastrami here, its either because you don't like pastrami in general or you're just being a jerk.  

Don't be a jerk.  This place is awesome(for pastrami sandwiches).
Let me clarify whatever stupid confusion people seem to have. Hershel's (corned beef) Reuben is perhaps not only the best sandwich in America, but one of the best food items in America, period.  
If any of you bored Yelpers want to read my lengthy story behind this recommendation, read on. 

DiNic's is probably one of the most famous vendors at Reading Terminal Market, as they been cited as "Best Sandwich in America" multiple times. I'm a college student who has been living in Philly for a year now, and although I've been lucky enough to get to know the city a good bit, I never really explored Reading Terminal extensively, partly because of its tourist-y appeal. But in the past week or so I've been eager to be a tourist again and see everything Philly is famous for. Being a food lover, the promise of Best Sandwich in America was unbeatable, so I grabbed my subway fare and took a friend to split a DiNic's Roast Pork with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe. Don't get me wrong, that sandwich was fantastic and enormous for the price, but it never stood out to me as best sandwich in America. 

Now, my friend and I are both partly Jewish. (Only partly obviously, since we just ate a completely non-Kosher pork & cheese sandwich!) My friend happened to be craving a potato knish, so we looked up delis in RTM and went to Hershel's East Side Deli, which is easy to locate right in the center of the market near the main seating. As we are waiting in line, we see enormous chunks of meat being artfully and swiftly sliced up behind the counter. These beauties are steaming hot under a spotlight (aka heat lamp) where they belong. Sadly, we were stuffed with roast pork, but vowed to come back the very next day to try the Reubens. 

Having Jewish roots, my home neighborhood in the suburbs of Baltimore has quite a number of Jewish delis. Now, one of them in particular sells a corned beef Reuben that is so good it will make your eyes roll like marbles. If you don't know what a Reuben is, typically we have some type of beef, sauerkraut,  Russian/Thousand Island dressing (same thing), and Swiss cheese, all on your choice of bread and grilled to hot and melted perfection. 

I kept suggesting corned beef because it is by far the best meat to get on a Reuben. Corned beef and pastrami are both cured beef brisket. I haven't tried Hershel's pastrami or plain brisket, and while they both look unbelievably delicious, everyone I know agrees that corned beef is the best on a Reuben. Also, sauerkraut is something most people don't like, but it all comes together perfectly on a Reuben. Just trust me. 

Anyway, back to the deli. We get there next day, and order two corned beef Ruebens on rye, with a cream soda. You can watch the cooks slice up the meat to order, and you will be mind blown by how much meat is cut for ONE sandwich. But once I had that Reuben and seat at which to eat it, it was about to go down. 

Finally. The sandwich is in front of me. First bite into this sandwich and I could barely even tell there was meat; the meat is SO TENDER that it basically dissolves in your mouth and provides no resistance to the bite. The flavors of the fatty delicious meat, perfectly paired with the pickle-y sauerkraut and creamy Russian dressing. All topped off with gooey melted Swiss and the perfect crunch to the rye. An impeccably flawless sandwich. For $11, neither of us were able to finish even 3/4 the sandwich, and we hadn't eaten anything breakfast. My friend kept telling me to stop talking so she could focus on the sandwich, because it was that good. Not only was this far and away the best sandwich of my life, blowing away my local Reuben as well as any offerings from NYC's famous Katz's Deli and of course the DiNic's pork across the market. I would venture to say it was one of the best meals of my life. One of those foods that is so good you would literally travels hours just to eat this and nothing else. 

Even people I know who have never had Reuben's before, hate sauerkraut, etc. all agree that this is the best sandwich they have ever eaten. I have NO idea how DiNic's roast pork is ranked above this glorious masterpiece. Purely the length of this review should express how dedicated I am to this sandwich. I will be going back for one frequently as well as taking my entire family to try these Reubens whenever they visit Philadelphia. If you actually finished reading this 836 word review, please do yourself a favor and head down to Reading Terminal ASAP to retrieve yourself one of these hidden gems. You could not possibly regret it.
I grew up in NYC. I've dined at famous institutions like Katz, and 2nd Ave Deli, and various less renowned Jewish delicatessen across New York City. While it may not have the ambiance, my first bite of Hershel's East Side Deli took me of those days of sitting in the backseat of my Dad's car eating a corned-beef or pastrami sandwich listening to 1010WINS

I have dined at famous delis in Philadelphia, and central jersey that provide their customers with copious amounts of meat that makes it nearly impossible for one individual to consume a sandwich on their own,  and meant for sharing with a family. You may not get a super piled mile-high sandwich at Hershel but make no mistake... you still get a substantial quantity, and quality of meat. My wife and I have deconstructed our sandwiches to feed our toddlers, with plenty of meat to spare. The potato kanishs are decent.

I have dined from Hershals via delivery services, and takeout. I have never experienced eating my sandwiches on the spot. I can only imagine how that pastrami would taste right off cutting board.
When reviewing a place as amazing as this, the only rating that you can give it is a 5, anything else would probably be false lol!  Every time that we come to RTM, we leave with like 5 sandwiches from here!

RTM is filled with tons of places to eat, but they take the cake.  As a NYer, I know my Pastrami.  I've tried all the Jewish delis in lower NY.  And many in NJ.  What is the biggest problem that you have with Jewish Delis?  Price!  A sandwich shouldn't cost $25....  A lb of Pastrami shouldn't be $32.99.  Here, they do it right.  The best Pastrami and the best prices.

Their corned beef and brisket are great as well!  Never had a bad meal from here.  If you want something to go, you will probably be waiting 10-30 minutes to order lol!  But it is worth it.  If you don't want to wait, the counter usually doesn't have much of a wait.

Both chicken noodle and matzah ball soup are great!  I love their coleslaw, wife loves their macaroni.  Really cannot go wrong on their sides.

What you come here for is their Pastrami and or Corned Beef sandwiches.  Its Jewish deli style, with poor man prices lol!  Id put theirs against any Jewish deli in nyc.  Not even Katz comes close to their quality.

All in all, a top notch spot!  Don't get there too late.  They run out!  Fast!  If they run out early, they close early....  If you are lucky enough to buy by the lb, do so.  I've gone several times and been denied...  If you go to RTM, you need to come here.  Forget the other places there, come here.
If you arrive at 8AM on a Saturday, you can shop the market uninterrupted. My husband and I took advantage of the empty Reading Terminal Market to browse their breakfast offerings. We took one look at the meat they were carving, and we knew we had to have a breakfast sandwich from Hershel's. 

The pastrami is fatty and rich--definitely an indulgent food I should only have occasionally. With eggs and cheese on rye (their rye is good), it was a hearty, filling breakfast that got us through our day.

It's a solid option for eating at RTM.
Hershel's has done something that only a few other places (places like Sweat Fitness for example) have managed to do to me. Hershel's has made me feel like less of a man. 

"But how can that be, Jeff? You're all man!" is what you would be saying. At least, that's what I imagine you would be saying for the sake of my fragile ego. And in response to you, kind reader, I give the following explanation:

I feel like less of a man because one sandwich from Hershel's put me in a food coma for the remainder of the day. I ate half of the sandwich, and then spent ten minutes looking at the other half while trying to figure out how I was going to tackle that corned beef behemoth. I think my brain was trying to process how I could enjoy the deliciousness that was the Corned Beef Special, while also not upchucking right after because I already felt like my diaphragm was up to my neck. So yeah, I did feel somewhat emasculated that as a man, I was letting this damn sandwich triumph over me. But after those ten minutes, and also due to the verbal abuse of my friends (various derogatory terms that are synonyms for the word "cat") I dove into the second half, and then proceeded to pass out. I remember thinking that if I was going to die, I couldn't really think of a better way of dying. "Did you hear that he died because he was overwhelmed by the deliciousness of a corned beef sandwich? Apparently there was crack in there, because he couldn't stop eating it." 

Anyway, I've wasted enough of your time, dear reader. The corned beef special was my first experience with corned beef, and I loved it. I hate coleslaw; like, genuinely, abhor with a fiery passion, that most disgusting of side dishes, and that sandwich even managed to make me rethink coleslaw. It was the messiest sandwich I've eaten, and I'm pretty sure that my intestines still haven't finished processing the meaty goodness, and I had it yesterday at 11:00 am. It was worth it.
Located in the Reading Terminal, in the back middle-ish. There's so many different eateries here, but we saw the line to this place and we decided, we must eat here. The line takes a while though to get through as even though the sandwiches get made fairly quickly, there's only 1 cash register person and that was your bottleneck. We were torn on getting the sandwiches, but ended up getting the meat plate with 3 choices of meat - pastrami, corned beef, & brisket. As my boyfriend knows my love of rye bread, we asked if we could get a slice of bread and they did for free! We also kept hearing folks order the celery soda. I was like...celery?? Well if everyone's doing it...might as well try.

We got lucky with our seating as it's pretty much first come first serve in Reading Terminal. We started eating our meats and it was just drop dead yummy. Sampler platters let you sample everything (well we didn't get the turkey). The celery soda tasted more like cane sugar. Quite sweet.

Would I go here again? Yes! Too bad I'm on the other side of the country!
The food here is magically delicious!
I've had the Pastrami and Corned Beef Sandwiches from here twice and they have been sooo good!
Perfect cut of meat for each sandwich.

I normally stop through here when leaving Philly and I take these bad boys home to heat an eat and I swear it takes me 3 days to eat 1 sandwich... I ain't lying!!

This place is located in the Terminal Market so it is very hard to pass up all the others to get here but do yourself a favor and get at least something to take home w you! 
You will not be disappointed and it tastes the same.. TRUST!!!
Sweet pastrami! This place blew my mind once again at a recent visit. I went for the egg and cheese pastrami sandwich. Breakfast doesn't get more perfect than that! It was PACKED with meat, I couldn't even finish the whole thing. The picture speaks for itself. This place is the real deal!
Full disclosure... I have NOT been to this place ever. That's outta the way. My hubby makes deliveries to The Reading Terminal daily and brings me home whatever goodies I need, today it was pastrami for sandwiches for the week and I had asked for a pound from Famous (4th Street Deli). He went here instead. I'm in love with him for a reason. He feeds me well!!! This spot and this thick cut beautiful incarnation of beef has just earned him a very happy wife (/happy life). It's less salty than Famous which I appreciate since I'm watching my salt intake and his. Long story short I GOTTA go back for more AND to taste more of what they've got to offer.
I've never tried pastrami before so I probably don't have the best comparison but it was delicious! Watching them cut the meat, you just know it's gonna be juicy and tasty. The bread was perfect and the mustard was the perfect touch. My only thing is that I wish they'd add more cheese. I need a better meat to cheese ratio
Greeting- yes
Vibe- indoor market
Price- 1/2 of nyc deli prices
Service- fast
Parking- street or lot
Bathroom/ public 
Food
Hand sliced meats pastrami is tender and not typically spicy
WIGB? Yes
Holy oversized sandwiches.  Closest thing to the New York deli sandwiches that I grew up on.  If you're looking for the real thing, this is worth the long lines and slightly high price tag.  

I normally don't even love pastrami, but this place makes it impossible for me not to be a fan.  

My only gripe is the matzo ball soup; it could be better... but then again, I am also extremely picky about that.   

If you are in Reading Terminal Market, skip your usual haunts and try Hershel's.  You won't regret that decision.
As a self-proclamied deli aficionado, I can say that Hershel's hits its mark. I came here during the Philadelphia Auto Show, so of course the place was packed. The atmosphere is that of the Redding Terminal; busy, crowded, and electric. You won't get a more true Philly experience then here. If you wanna find a spot to eat, forget about it; the place is always packed. There was quite a line to get the food, but it moved pretty fast.

The brisket was juicy, packed with flavor. The portion was pretty big. Everything else that was over the counter looked really good, I look forward to trying different things in the future. Over $30 for two sandwiches and two drinks. A bit too pricy. To me, deli should be affordable, not cost an arm and a leg. This is the Achilles heel of Hershel's, and my only major complaint. 

Food (A), Pricing (F), Atmosphere (B+), Service (B+)
Lucky Hershel's....they get my first review in Philly.  Or should I say lucky Kenny...because I just had some pretty good pastrami.  

With all the dissent on this restaurant alone (although it looks like the 5-starrers are winning) it almost makes me want to jump right in the middle and start screaming.  I don't know if I can honestly call this the best pastrami/reuben place in the world - but then again whoever says it's not good at all is just plain crazies to me.

If my sandwich cost any less (6?) I might tack on that last star, but for 8.50 (after tax) for bread, mustard, and meat, i just can't do it.  The portion sizes are great though.  Not large enough to make you feel like a fatty - but not little enough to be complaining that you want more.  If you want to see a classic example of where the statement "more pastrami = better" is not always true, check out Carnegie Deli in Las Vegas. :)  I suffered instant food coma after finishing most of my sandwich there.
Hands-down best pastrami Reuben on earth including my favorite places in New York City.  This place has the best pastrami and their corned beef we had a taste is phenomenal as well. We also ordered the potato salad and coleslaw and the coleslaw was exceptional.  We ordered another sandwich to have on the airplane on the way home.

We will be back!
Hesrchel's meets with my approval:

Dr. Browns?  Check
Extra lean corned beef?  Check
REAL Rye bread?  Check

Service with a smile?  Double check.  What nice young men.

If I gotta have a jewish deli style corned beef sandwich - I come here!
Save me a Diet Dr. Brown's cream soda!
Inside the Reading Terminal Market, which is a maze of culinary damn piled up all over the place. But that's another review.

I was there only briefly -- but Hershel's actually challenged my beloved Dallas' Jimmy's for the best sandwich I've ever had.

Jimmy's Cuban vs. Hershel's Reuban.

TOUGH call. The Reuban was -- literally -- piled 3" high with meat that literally fell apart in your mouth like a freakin' Krispy Kreme donut. Oy. amazing.  

Not sure how the place could get anything less than 5 stars....
Ahhhh Philly. City of HOLY CRAP THAT BUM JUST PUNCHED THE CRAP OUT OF THE OTHER ONE!!!
Ahem. Sorry. Ahhhh Philly. The city of brotherly love. Birthplace of a nation. And the city of cheese steak sandwiches, right? 

Wrong. You get a Reuben. Yes. That's right. I said it. Forget the overhyped cheese steak sandwich. You walk to Reading terminal, bypass all the useless other places, and you grab a seat at Hershel's order a full Reuben Sammich, a cup of matzah ball soup, and you get to work. 

Good luck fitting the whole sammich in your mouth. It is like a cow with a cracker on both sides. You will need multiple napkins to eat this monster. Which is a good thing. I always say that the best meals require the most napkins. 

The booth is a total dive. Just don't let looks fool you. The staff are extremely friendly and the food is deadly good. 

Easily a rock solid 5 stars.
This is the absolute best pastrami in the world.  I live in New York and have been to pretty much every well known Jewish deli here for the pastrami and nothing comes remotely close to Hershel's.  I've also been up to Montreal and tried the smoke meat at a number of spots, but still nothing compares to Hershel's.

Hershel's pastrami is glistening, succulent, juicy, and tender with spicy, charred edges - absolute heaven.  The flavor of the spices, charred edges and the melt in your mouth quality is what sets Hershel's apart.  I don't know how they do it.  I come all the way from New York just for a pastrami on rye from Hershel's.  If they opened a shop in New York, they would make a killing from just me going everyday.
I have absolutely no idea why people wait 30 minutes to stand in line to get sandwiches to go, when there is about a seven-seat deli on the other side where you can sit and eat your glorious sandwich in peace. I have eaten sandwiches across this great country, but for the price, I don't know if there is a better pastrami sandwich on the East Coast (though I still think the best is the pastrami/corned beef double-whammy at the Onion Roll in Oak Park, IL). Arby's may have the meats, but Hershel's has the breads, sauces, service, charm, ... and meats. Oh, and it's kosher too.
The three combo meat platter was just what I wanted for brunch one weekend from Reading Terminal. My favorite was the brisket, but each one was cooked perfectly and came in a big portion.
Got coleslaw on the side I believe. Pretty good to cut the saltiness of the meat. They also had potato salad or macaroni salad. 
Tasty knishes, sandiches, and great deli vibes in general. Fun and quick staff.
Every time we go to Reading Terminal Market, this is always on the top of the list for places to stop at for a bite to eat. My go-to is the Rachel Style pastrami on rye. The ample sandwich is the perfect blend of flavors and it is so hard to put down once you take a bite!
Had corn beef on rye. Had to wait 15 min. It was good. Not oversized but ok for quick lunch. 

4-taste
3-value 
3-price for what you get
3-ambience 
4-experience eating at stall in market

I'll be back when in town.
I went to Hershel's twice during my stay last week. The first time I got the Pastrami Reuben. This was really good. With buttery rye bread, fatty pastrami, and russian dressing you can't really go wrong.

I decided to go back and put them to the true test, the Meat Platter. This has no bread or dressing, just meat. I needed to know how much of their sandwich quality was playing off the cheap ingredient (i.e. bread, butter, and mayo.) The turkey was pretty good. By poultry standards it was juicy, tender, and nicely seasoned. Unfortunately I can't say the same about the brisket and the Corned Beef. They were dry, tough, and no seasoned in any particularly interesting way. I'd say Schwartz's up in Montreal has smoked meat 3-4x better than this place. Brisket and Corned Beef should be super slowly cooked to melt down the fat and preserve the integrity of the muscle fibers. Hershel's meat tasted steamed: dry and lacking a savory complexity. I'd like to give it 3.5 stars, but I can't. So here is 3.
Solid NY style deli in Philly, not as good as what I have had in the NY/NJ area, but they were quick, friendly, and prices very low for a deli. We got the pastrami on rye and a brisket Reuben. The brisket was a bit dry but the pastrami was scrumptious.
Out of all the food vendors in Reading Terminal that I have tried,  Hershel's is my favorite! If you are a first timer here at the terminal, can eat meat, and have an empty stomach, then do yourself a favor and try this place!

There are four main cuts of meat that you can get; turkey, brisket, corned beef, and pastrami.  I have had the privilege of trying all the meats in different sandwiches and platters, and I have to say my favorite is the Hershel's special with any variety of the four meats that you feel like craving for the day.  The sandwich special comes with coleslaw and Russian dressing, which tastes GREAT on the sandwich! As for the meat, they give you a generous portion of the meat and some people may even get full from just half the sandwich.  The sandwich comes on toasted rye bread, which is how I love my bread on a sandwich!

The meat is cut fresh and out of all four, I like the corned beef the most, followed by pastrami, brisket, and turkey.  In addition, if you are new here and would like to try as many of the meats as possible, you can also get a sample combination that allows you to choose three of the meats and it comes with pickles and coleslaw for $11.  

Staff here has always been great to me, and there are a couple stools you can sit in at the stand to eat.  Beware of longer lines during lunch, which makes sense since this place is very good.  Overall, Hershel's is great and if I do not feel like trying new food at Reading Terminal, then I will be here!
Pastrami Reuben. Come hungry. I was, and I could only finish half of it. So much meat. This is an amazing sandwich place. I am glad I don't live near here, or I would put on so much weight. I have a soft spot for a really good reuben, and this particular sandwich was just about as perfect as it gets. The Pastrami is gorgeous, and they are extremely generous with it. If you want good, I mean, really good, do it. Just skip breakfast.
Whoever gives this a high review really does not know deli.  They keep their meats under a heat lamp -- which helps dry them out.  If you want real deli, go to Famous or somewhere else.  A disappointment.
Juicy. Thick. Stacked...
Pastrami Reuben.

As my equally stuffed & satisfied companion put it, "I'm no, reubenisseur, but this is the best I've ever had."
Got a three meat plate late. All other places closed and this one in the process of closing but making dishes to go. First time so I got a sample of all three meats. Corn Beef good but very fatty. Brisket boiled not grilled so expect it plain. It is deli meat not BBQ. Pastrami was best on the plate. Russian dressing was not so great as too the potato salad. Nothing like the big places in NYC but good enough for me that evening. The Ruben sandwich looks like a winner as most people got those to go. Next stop I'll try the Ruben. You get to watch them carve the meat so if the meat looks too fatty do not order it. Watch a while first, then select what meat you see is best.. I was surprised at how early the places closed in the Market. This spot took advantage and kept selling as they cleaned up to close.
The first time John Jameson had this sandwich he walked up to the owner and thanked him for changing his life.

I had a similar experience.

I never thought corned beef could be a religious experience but it can be, and Herschel is god.

Go, and go now.
Of all the "essential Philly eats" I have tried this weekend, I would put Hershel's at the top of my list! 

After waiting in a surprisingly short line, the fiance and I ordered a hot sandwich, half pastrami half brisket, famous hershel style. Seeing New York Egg Cream on the menu (for the first time after seeing it from a food network show), I decided to go for one just to try it out. 

THICK layers of meat was piled between two marbled rye bread, with some sauerkraut snugged in to make you feel *slightly* better about eating so much meat. The meat was very juicy and the rye bread toasted just right! I would have to say though, the pastrami meat was better than the brisket as it was more juicy and flavorful. I'm sure it was because we split a sandwich, but every bite was heavenly and I'm so glad we tried Hershel's after trying another sandwich place just moments before!

And as for the NY egg cream, IT WAS AMAZING! For those who's never had it before, it tasted similar to a chocolate milk shake, except not as thick. Though the sandwich was great, the egg cream was definitely the cherry on top! 

This is the one restaurant I would re-visit should I be back in Philly again!
It's the end of the day.....a large amount of brisket is still lurking around under the heat lamps....a sweet young fellow asks what we would like to eat....we murmur... whatever's the best, and throw everything on it....I sit down to rest my weary legs....my boyfriend brings the sandwich over....i take a bite and SUDDENLY.... my brain and tongue explode with delight!  I didn't stop to notice what was on the sandwich, i was too focused upon cramming every last piece of delicious meat in my mouth.  foggy recollection begs the mention of coleslaw, russian dressing and some sort of cheese.  I was lost in a fog of food pleasure.  and really, its BS that i live so far away.  Is the reading terminal market a big enough reason to move to philly?  it's looking that way....
What can i say... didn't think I would ever find a pastrami sandwich that I would love as much as Katz' in NY!

It's located inside the Reading Terminal and the must eat!

I definitely would recommend getting it with the special sauce, cheese and coleslaw! The bread is fresh and toasted on a panini press which melts the cheese and makes the bread crunchy and warm!

The moisture level in the pastrami is next level amazing! Everyone overhypes the roast pork sandwich next door... but it is greatly exaggerated and doesn't even compare.

If you are struggling with which is the must have sandwich... it is definitely the pastrami at Hershel's.
No doubt, solid five-star corned beef sandwiches (Katz's deli in NYC can hang with this place) The corned beef is as tender and flavorful as you will ever find.  Russian dressing and the cole slaw on the Hershel's Special is 'da BEST. 

Forget about overhyped lame cheesesteak sandwiches and get a sandwich that stands on it's own. 

If you don't know...now you know.
Come hungry and be ready to be satisfied with an authentic crowd pleaser, The Pastrami Ruben, a Philly classic! Also a mouth watering and massive sandwich: The Pastrami/Brisket Ruben. These guys pack so much delicious and juicy meat so that you won't go hungry again until the next day!
6/5

Best pastrami sandwich I've had in my life hands down.  

After looking at reviews I got Hersel's Pastrami Sandwich (Rachel style) and I cannot describe how juicy the meat was and how complementary all the flavors were.  Do yourself a favor and get this sandwich ASAP.
Dang! If you want Katz NYC style sandwich go here. You choose corned beef, pastrami, turkey and brisket. They pile these meats high! 

I got the pastrami and corned beef Reuben! It was so so good. They toast the bread and slather it with thousand island dressing. This sandwich is not for the faint of heart. You will need a nap after this meal. 

My wife got the turkey Rachel and she could only eat half! We're currently in a food coma. This should be labeled as a weekend place only. It is way too heavy for a lunch meal.

We also got two sides. The Cole slaw was pretty basic but the potato salad was amazing! Probably the best potato salad I've ever had in my entire life.

Anyways our meals came to $28 out the door. Not bad but again it would be a treat vs going here on the regular. The hours for Redding terminal are terrible so make sure you go on time! Highly recommend!
This place is my Pharmacy ok!

There's no ailment in the world that a platter from Hershel's can't take my mind off of. The food rocks the house! I always get the same thing......a deli platter stacked high with three heaping mounds of corned beef, brisket, Pastrami with a side of coleslaw, macaroni salad, a couple pickles and one time God help me a potato knish! Just succulent, salty, juicy, fall apart slow cooked Jewish Deli style meats! 

The only thing that has ever bothered me about this place is that there are so many other good eats I want to try at Reading Terminal Market, I rarely have enough self-control to forego the platter and hit another counter. I'm so weak!
Now that I have explored lots of deli options in PHilly and South Jersey - I goot say - for corned beef?  Hershel's is absolutely 5 star in my book.  I often will get a 1/4 or 1/2 lb of sliced corned beef to go along with my fruits & veggies from Iovine's or Fair Food Farmstand.  A few decadent slices are all I can handle.

This is GOOD stuff!
As a resident of both LA & NYC, Hershel's doesn't beat the 2 famous pastrami sandwich shops Langers and Katz but its still pretty good!!

Hershel's pastrami isn't more flavorful than Katz's Deli in NYC but I am partial to Hershel's because the special boasts more than JUST pastrami... THAT BEING SAID.. Langer's still rules with their special sandwich that also has russian dressing, slaw AND amazing rye bread

Hershel's special w/ pastrami: (comes w/ slaw and russian dressing) a solid pastrami sandwich AND MUCH CHEAPER than it's competitors at around $10!
Hubby wanted a pastrami sandwich so I stopped in to get him one.

I was bit worried about paying $13 for a sandwich but it was huge and came with a side of slaw.  

The staff was friendly.  I stopped in around 11 on a Saturday to avoid the lunch rush.

He LOVED the sandwich and ate every bite.

Will he be back for more?  Yes!
This was the best reuben pastrami sandwich I ever had. The enormous size, the great taste, the tenderness of the meat, the nicely butter-toasted rye. The meat was freshly cut before my eyes and everything looked marvellous.

Even the staff was very nice and helped me with the menu in spite of the long queue behind me.

The only downside is the packed dining area. But this is a food court, so you can somehow expect that.

I am happy I found this gem and if I ever come back to Philly, this will my the first place to eat.
Simply put: MEAT THAT MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH

This place screams "tender". They've got huge slabs of meat that you can view through their glass with huge knives and they cut through the meat almost like butter...and they cut also like ninjas. Long lines? Don't even fret because they get you moving. Orders go in and out constantly and we honestly didn't wait too long. First bite into the sandwich and we could already tell that it was worth the wait. They pile the sandwich high with meat and combine with cabbage and cheese, it is a party in your mouth and you get sad when you arrive to the last bite. Also tends to leave you half contemplating if you should go back and get another for later.

I tried the brisket, pastrami and corn beef. My personal preference is the brisket. It is so juicy and tender, goes PERFECT with the order of potato latkes. Not to mention, the potato latkes come with applesauce, which may sound weird but is actually a perfect combination. Don't believe me? Try it for yourself. These potato latkes are HUGE and they give you 2-3 so make sure you order to share. 

Highly recommend this place for all incoming tourists to Philly and the locals who have been staying loyal to other deli sandwich places, it is time to switch to HERSHEL'S!
Stop in on the first day of the draft, this place is located in the reading terminal market.  I was sure what I want but I new I wanted a sausage.  Stopped here got a great lunch deal for under $6. The kanish was so good.
Best pastrami sandwich I've ever had (and yes I've been to Katz Deli in NYC where I live).
Maybe it's the cole slaw inside the sandwich that makes it better than Katz.. or maybe it's the dressing they use.
Highly recommend!
Come to Hershel's for your serving of hand-carved deli meats. They are located in the reading terminal market and were one of the places open on a Sunday (as not all of them are).

We ordered the 3 meat sampler. It came with corned beef, pastrami, and roast pork. It also came Russian dressing, mustard and a side of cole slaw.

Pastrami: Good, especially dipped into the Russian dressing. Next time I'm making a sandwich out of their pastrami.
Roast pork: drizzled with au jus to juicy perfection.
Corned beef: This was the only disappointment. It was over-salted and dry. Maybe in sandwich form that would not be apparent, but I'll skip the corned beef next time. There can be some trouble with wanting to try everything and that is that you will try the great and the not so good. 

Let's talk about their cole slaw for a second. It had pineapple chunks in it. I'm a cole slaw junkie and I liked it. Surprisingly, this cole slaw made a fan out of my bf. So a place that serves cole slaw that my bf will be asking more of is a winner in my book.

Pretty solid deli. Thanks Hershel!
I was very impressed with their food! I went across and order two sandwich...but ended up eating the sandwich from here...

FOOD:
Pastrami: Must try it!! it's thickest Pastrami I have ever had. Melts in your mouth. Very tasty that makes my mouth watery even to think about this sandwich. You have to experience it
Chicken noodle soup: clean soup, it goes well any food. 

Parking: parking across the street. It's packed all the time. Don't forget to get validation, it's  $4 for 2hrs with a stamp!

Service: Maybe I went after lunch and the employees were super tired...no one was nice or smiling...just serious and doing their job.

Overall: I would definitely go back for the food...
Long line for this deli during lunch time. You place your order in line for the sandwich. Make sure to order the potato latkes before you get to the front because it takes 10 minutes to fry. 

I ordered the pastrami hot deli sandwich with rueben special and potato latkes. Latkes are fluffy and a good balance for all the pastrami in the sandwich. I felt like there was too much pastrami in the sandwich. Half the amount would have been enough because it tasted like only pastrami cause the other ingredients were drowned out. 

I sort of wish I had tried the corn beef because I heard so many other people trying it and getting blown away by it. The pastrami was good, but just pailed in comparison after seeing other people's reactions.

Pay at the front and grab a seat anywhere.
Oh, the glory! Oh, the madness! This. Is. Hershel's! 

After stumbling upon Hershel's Reuben a few years ago, its hard for me to order from anywhere else but Hershel's while in Reading Terminal. The Reuben is absolutely one of the top sandwiches in this fine city. The moistest meat ever, they cut it off the slab right in front of you as if it were butter. So much meat for your buck, the 'wich in all its perfection is worth the price. Great rye, sour kraut, and russian dressing really send this particular Reuben to the top. 

The deliciousness has distracted me from another great aspect of this experience--the service! I can't imagine the customer turnover this place must have being in the center of Reading Terminal, but it doesn't matter. Those guys always serve and ring you up with a smile and thank you--lunch rush or not.
Excellent deli in Reading Terminal Market. There are many options to choose from at Reading Terminal Market but this place is a must try. They have everything covered in here. Pastrami, Corned Beef, Roast Beef, Turkey, etc. Bread is fresh too. Homemade cole slaw is great. Must try if in this area.
This is why Herschel's is perfect for a guy like me. 

I don't eat as much now due to bariatric surgery. But I can enjoy some good meats and a little bread. So the fact that they will make a half sandwich is perfect for me and my wallet. 

They still give you a great amount of meat. So you won't go hungry. 

The pastrami is excellent. Very juicy, tender, and just enough flavor. Maybe not best I've ever had but that might be too high a bar. It is definitely satisfying. 

I have several go to spots in the market. Herschel's is definitely on that list now.
Yeah that pastrami sandwich is real good. At first when I ordered it and saw the small-ish pieces of bread they put down on the counter, I thought I would be disappointed. But they really layer on the meat, and the sandwich is huge. I ended up splitting the sandwich and it was flavorful, greasy, and delicious. I do wish there was some type of sauce to add to it, but I don't like mustard so that's my fault. I just had meat and cheese and it was delicious. Great flavor, big, meaty, and tasty. I don't even like sandwiches but I thoroughly enjoyed this one.
My husband got the Pastrami, it was so yummy and FYI....it was huge! Definitely enough to share. I had a turkey and same story, the meat was fresh and amazing! So big I couldn't finish it, highly unusual. I would say I'm a big eater. This place is a 5 star plus! I'll be back!
I have eaten at a whole lot of delis, and I nearly I always order a pastrami sandwich with coleslaw. The Hershel's Special with pastrami, coleslaw, and Russian dressing on rye was HANDS DOWN the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had the pleasure of consuming. This thing was ridiculous! The pastrami is sliced thick, and so tender it's falling apart. Mega flavor. The ratios of bread to meat to coleslaw and dressing were perfect. I got the half sandwich with soup ($7.87), completely delicious and super reasonable, but, if I had it to do over, I'd definitely go for a whole sandwich.
Corned beef sandwich was good with the slaw. 4/5

Brisket sandwich was disappointingly dry and flavorless. 2/5

Would definitely be willing to try some other sandwiches though.
How do you describe perfection? That's right and I don't use that word lightly. Hershel's has created the perfect sandwich. All you have to do is go to the counter and order a Pastrami Rachel. And then watch them build heapings and heapings of hot gorgeous pastrami followed by cole slaw, Swiss cheese and thousand island. After this beauty is put together they slam it down into a panini press to make it all hot and gooey. Trust me, if you don't believe in religion, you will after eating this sandwich.
It's a bit pricier than one dollar sign. but hands down the best pastrami sandwich i've had in philly or possibly ever. thick peppery slices. try the pastrami reuben, you wont regret it.
I've been to Philly about 7 times in the past 3 years and never hit this place up, see my radio dick friends always want $100 steaks or steak and cheese. So now that my son attends college in this amazing eating city, I can venture out when I visit him. yeah yeah everyone loves DiNic's but this place has the best corn beef reuben I have ever eaten PERIOD. Absolutely the most delicious fresh thing ever, and the meat was so perfect, I cant explain it just go have one and then you can try to... 

p.s. Never forget, philly fans boo'd Santa Claus.... Santa Claus !!!
I eat lunch at Hershel's at least a few times a month and am absolutely head over heals for their pastrami when it is cooked well. Hershel's pastrami on a good day is hands-down better than any other cured meat in Philadelphia. Hershel's is absolutely the best spot for cured meats in the area and you really shouldn't even consider spending easily twice as much at Famous 4th for vastly inferior sandwich. I would also put it up against Katz's and Carnegie Deli in New York. This place is that good and is still very reasonably priced.

Nonetheless, I can't give them 5 stars because the consistency just simply isn't there. I have to stalk the cuts of meat to decide whether I'm going to eat at Hershel's. The ideal pastrami is fairly dark red. If you see this magical cut sitting out on the counter, you my friend, have just entered the gates of heaven and by all means chow down. This precious meat will melt in your mouth. If, however, you see a pinkish hue in the cut, you should have mercy on your cardiovascular system and continue on, for you shall surely be disappointed by the rubbery texture and lack of flavor. You could also consider the corned beef special too if it doesn't look too fatty that day. The turkey and brisket are pretty safe bets too, but still have nothing on the the almighty pastrami. The pickles are excellent too and so is the matzo ball soup.
Wow-Awesome food-best pastrami ever-just another reason every Philadelphian should venture to the Reading Terminal Market.  

This place makes 6 star sandwiches on a 5 star rating system, absolutely awesome overall taste and presentation.
I go out of my way to seek after amazing pastrami sandwiches, and extra points are given for great pastrami reubens. Hershel's is definitely high in the list, but not top 5. Well maybe number 5, but I guess that may depend on the day, my mood, and how hungry I was when I ate it (since hunger is the best spice). The flavor of the pastrami is top notch.  The sauerkraut and Russian dressing add the perfect juicy sweet/sour combo and Herschel's uses the perfect bread that's not an overpowering rye flavor.  Grilling the bread to crisp it up and melt the cheese is just what it needed. If it was lacking anything, the pastrami had too much chew and wasn't that butter-soft, melt in your mouth goodness that comes with the best out there. But you bet your reubens I'll get this exact thing again the next time I'm in town.
The corned beef & pastrami sandwich (w/ slaw & russian dressing) is as good as it gets!  The is the 2nd best thing to get at Reading Terminal Market (behind DiNic's roast pork w/ broccoli rabe & sharp provolone).  Reading Terminal Market is paradise on earth, but don't fill up on chinese food or cheese filled pretzels.  Make this one of your stops.  If you're with someone, the best thing you can do is get the 2 sandwiches I described in this review from their 2 respective establishments, and each of you have half of each sandwich.  Your taste buds and belly will thank you.
Pastrami Reuben on rye bread was excellent. All of the ingredients were well balanced and high quality. Everything's made to order and the meat is carved in front of you. You also have the option of choosing corned beef or turkey, but the pastrami just looked too good to pass up. The line moved fast and my sandwich was ready by the time I got to the register. Will be back. Highly recommend
Brisket on Jewish Rye with mustard....Absolutely Perfect. Bliss.
