My wife and I love this type of small Mom-n-Pop Chinese breakfast and lunch place ... especially since she is from China and its comfort food. Unfortunately, we just don't love this one.

Heung Fa Chun Sweet House was a serious letdown because we planned a rare brunch around eating here instead of other options. Unfortunately, the food was mediocre representations of the best of China.

We were craving and ordered Salty Tofu Pudding with savory toppings. It looked ok, but wasn't very satisfying. Other weak tastings included a Youtiao (Chinese crueller) for sweet soy and steamed Big Bun with Pork, Egg, and Chinese Sausage.

I don't know if there are better Taiwanese-style breakfast and fast-food joints in Philadelphia, but 2-stars (Meh, I've experienced better) is the correct star rating for my experience at Heung Fa Chun Sweet House.
After living overseas for much of my life, I get some odd comfort food cravings. While I can't always indulge in the craving, Heung Fa Chun Sweet House covers a big chunk of it!

A true hole in the wall, it's easy to walk right past this shop! The cashier/counter next to a noodle/douhua station is laden with plastic containers of treats. Several varieties of leaf-wrapped zhong zi (glutinous rice) rest on shelves and a refrigerator of mystery drinks line one wall.

There are narrow window ledge seats by the cashier, or you can walk under the menu wall for regular table seating in a  small adjoining room.

Food: I miss me some street food breakfast!
- Dou Hua (desserty silky tofu in sugar/ginger syrup)
- Salty Dou Hua (the savory cousin of the above)
- Yio Tiao (asian churro - fried dough sans sugar)
- Zhong zi (glutinous rice with pork belly, peanut, and mushroom is my fave. Other types available.)

Drinks:
- Mystery drinks: homemade. Type is sharpied on the bottle in Chinese! They have grass jelly juice, chrysanthemum teas, and assorted herb/floral tonics in sweet and unsweetened versions (lid color - ask!)

- Soy Milk (dou jiang): yes, the soy milk tastes totally different from Silk/etc Western varietals. Cartons  in sweet/unsweetened version for under $2 (vs $3.5+ for Silk). Fond memories of hot soy milk on chilly mornings.

Cash only (always assume so in Chinatown)!

Note: I stopped by on 8/4/16 and saw a note that they are closing (or transferring management? - thanks Elva L!) soon. Owners retiring. Go soon! Go now!

Cheap, delicious, and gives me gustatory flashbacks like the Grim Eater in Ratatouille? 5 stars!
Its always nice to try new things and here at Heung Fa Chun Sweet house I was able to experince a new type of breakfast.

I came with a group of friends and we ordered, salty tofu, dofu hua or sweet tofu and taro cake. My friend enlightened my experience by sharing that the food is a standard Chinese breakfast.

I enjoyed the sweet tofu it had a sugary syrup  and tasted like a custard that belonged on a danish. I was informed that you can control your amount of sweetness in the tofu.  The tarot cake was also good and that tasted like pancakes!

Overall, the place is super small and the prices are very cheap and affordable. I was glad to experience something new and I look forward to going back to the sweet house!
I was fascinated by variety of street food they offered. It felt like in those night markets in Taibei.  Particular in Chinese tamales (Zongzi). We drove all way from NY to PA for his Zongzi! Lol, nuts! But worthy of it.  I absolutely love them. I should have bought more Zongzi.  

The mid-aged owner was very honest he returned my money when I was so excited that I wasn't aware of overpaying him.  He knew his food so well.  

Wish I could mail order his Zongzi. He should open a branch in Flushing Chinatown.
Legit Chinese hole-in-the-wall breakfast spot? Sign me up!

Actually, this was a must visit because I've passed my love for sweet tofu pudding onto my daughter. Unfortunately, I haven't found a good place to get it close to home.

She and I also love some good warm soy milk with a fried dough stick. 

Neither of us is Chinese, but for some reason these Chinese comfort foods really strike a chord. I wanted to expand my horizons and try the fried taro, which was delicious, but oily. Actually the dough stick wasn't that great either.

But Heung Fa Chun brings it where it counts. The tofu pudding. Large tender curds are scooped into a container and drizzled with a sweet ginger syrup. They are like protein pillows. Texturally, this dish always reminds me of a custardy french toast. 

The sweet hot soy milk is indeed fantastic. 

One of these days I'll go for the gusto and order one of the savory tofu puddings for myself. My son who isn't into the whole tofu thing, was perfectly happy with his steamed barbecue pork buns. 

If I'm traveling to Philly with my daughter, this is a must stop spot. It's nothing much to look at. There are precious few seats. But you also aren't likely to find a lot of places like this anywhere in the US. 

Is the food great? I mean, I've had better. But it's such a treat to find a place like this, I've got nothing but fond memories of the experience.
Shhh...this is a hidden gem! Americans all know breakfast foods are awesome. What most people don't know is that Taiwanese breakfast food is a million times better! 

The spare dollar bills sitting in your pocket are enough to buy you a delicious, filling, and SIMPLE breakfast here. My go-to breakfast items are the fried crullers (heavenly), rice porridge (topped with pork floss), and tofu pudding (with red beans and mung beans). A piping hot styrofoam cup of soy milk too, of course! 

I unfortunately have not enjoyed the baos they serve here. I think it's because they put dried shrimp in it and I'm not a fan of that. 

Otherwise, I love dining in here. It's a hole in the wall and the employees are so friendly.
There's this guy on YouTube named Mikey Chen and because of him, I've been craving some real Chinese food, specifically the fried dough with a savory tofu soup. I knew I was going to go to Philly soon so I planned ahead and found this place (this wasn't the only place I went to while in Philly). When I came here, the place was tiny. The moment you walk in, you're right there, at the counter. You order then either go outside or to the tiny room to your left which can hold up to 10 small people. The lady and son? were very nice and even poked fun at us for going there all the way from Maryland just to try this staple food from them.

I ordered the fried dough and savory tofu soup and they were delicious. 

No puns intended in advance. The fried dough is dough that is fried. :P But the texture just felt great in your mouth. Then when you dip the fried dough into the tofu soup, it sucks up all that savory soup and when you take a bite, the flavors burst into your mouth.

I've only had the fried dough and savory tofu soup. They were both tasty.
My favorite place in NYC (Fong Inn Too in Manhattan's Chinatown) closed early this year, so I made it a point to find a replacement while in Philly. To my understanding, Heung Fa Chun Sweet House is under new management; however, the place and menu appear to be the same.

Xian Doufu Hua ($2.50): I often make sweet douhua at home, but have never had the savory kind before. Their tofu is perfectly silky, while the toppings definitely add bold flavors--including a light brown sauce, plenty of dried shrimp, pickled greens, ginger, chopped scallions, and a spoonful of fried garlic. The guy making it also added a dollop of chili paste for a spicy kick. Everything blended well together, offering a contrast of salty and spicy in each bite. None of the ingredients were overpowering.

Zongzi/Banh Gio/Sticky Rice Pyramids (peanut, mushroom, pork) ($2.50/ea): Pretty good. The sticky rice texture is on point, but it was light in color and not as flavorful as others I've tried in the area. On the other hand, the slices of pork and mushroom in the middle of the zongzi here are larger; you can actually taste them as opposed to just the sauce they're marinated in. There were plenty of peanuts mixed in, but not excessive.

I'd come back for savory douhua and maybe their rice rolls next time.
Came for the salty tofu and that didn't disappoint. It was soft, delicate, savory, packed with flavor, yet not too salty.

The hubby grabbed the roasted pork bun and we were both disappointed. Bun was slightly sweeter than normal and the meat was dry. It was given to us cold, but that didn't bother us. We don't mind eating our baos cold, just wish it was a better bao.
Wow, this place is straight out of my childhood trips to China when my grandma would go out before I woke up and get the whole family street-cart breakfast dishes that I've rarely found in the States, rock-bottom prices and all. 

The two hidden gems here are the salty tofu soup and the sticky rice. The salty tofu has a silky pudding-like texture similar to Korean soondoobu, but only optionally spicy. Give it a good stir to spread out the salty dried shrimp, and get some fried dough or youtiao (literally a fat stick of deep-fried dough, like a sugarless churro) to dip and eat along with it. The sticky rice as they call it here (but also known as Chinese tamale, rice dumpling, and zongzi) is a chunk of, well, flavored sticky rice tightly wrapped in a bamboo leaf and encasing one of several fillings. I personally like the Shanghai-style meat filling with fatty pork, though I wish it also had nuts or beans like I've had it elsewhere to liven up the texture and that it was served hot. The small space makes this place better for takeout anyway, so just throw it in the microwave at home.

Perhaps a little more well-known are the steamed buns, and while the roast pork or char siu buns seem to be the most recognized kind in the States, I actually find the ones here to be lacking in meat. On the other hand, I LOVE both the pork, egg, and sausage buns and the pork and vegetable buns, which are more generously filled and closer to the Northern Chinese food I grew up eating. I haven't really had the sweet items here, but given the place's name, I don't doubt that they're good. This is a perfect place for a snack or breakfast if you get one item, or lunch if you get a couple. Try giving french toast and eggs a break and sampling a new style of breakfast here instead!
Heung Fa Chun is a portal to the other side of the planet, at the very reasonable price of $2.50 or less a bowl. Great portion sizes, too-cheap prices, the flavor is out of this world, and it's shockingly vegan-friendly for an authentic Chinese spot. This place is far too good to be true.

We got the salty dou hua, sweet dou hua with red bean, youtiao (long donut-like fried dough), obligatory hot soy milk, and the taro cake. 

If you have any appreciation at all for complex flavors and a little spice, get the salty dou hua. The funk and intensity instantly transported me from Philly straight back to Guangxi. Absolutely incredible. Skip the tiny shrimp if you're veg, and know that you're not missing out. 

Sweet dou hua was a solid choice as well, but lacked the magical powers of the salty version. I feel like I'm used to more ginger flavor?

The youtiao here was the best I've ever had, and that includes many Chinese street food adventures. So fresh, no hint of excess grease, with an absolutely perfect crisp and pillowy texture. Their soy milk is the perfect accompaniment. 

Taro cakes were okay but would have benefited fron some sweet/sour/spicy sauce, fantuan (rice roll) was acceptable but not super fresh and didn't have as much pickle as I usually like. Really looking forward to trying their chaomian noodles and other stuff next time. 

Don't wait, don't think "I'll do it next week" and then end up putting it off until next year like I did. Just order pretty much everything (again, very affordable) and treat yourself to the best.
You'll easily pass by this store in Chinatown. I discovered this gem through two friends who vetted for the authenticity of the food. The pricing is affordable. Their buns are bigger than other buns I had in Chinatown so far. The tofu used in salty tofu is almost identical to the one used in soondubu-jjigae. Basically, it's soft and savory. Get the salty tofu when you want a meal. From my first impression, seems like people get sweet tofu and fried taro dough together. I can't wait to try that combo next time I visit. I was so excited to eat, I forgot to get sticky rice. When you get the Chinese egg, sausage (combo?) Bun, get some of that spicy sauce for an extra kick.
The first time I tried to find this place, I was a little lost. Philly Chinatown is not that big, but like all things, when you are trying to find it, its like impossible. I swear every sign was written in red and white. Subsequent times when I would come here, I would just remember that its next to this hello kitty store. Its definitely easy to walk pass! Keep your eyes up and look for the sign! There is nothing on the window that will tell you this is a sweet house. 

This place has the best hot soft tofu dessert! There's a variety of toppings you can add, but the classic (at least to me) is the sugar ginger syrup. There is just the right amt of sweetness, and a hint of ginger. Nothing overpowering. The syrup is packed separately, so you can add accordingly. I love that it comes pipping hot! 

The seating is minimal. There are probably 2 tables that seat 2 in the back, with two window benches. I like to eat it there, since its still hot, but sometimes its more comfortable to just take it to go. It will still taste good if you microwave it a bit. 

Also it might be intimidating to walk in at first if you don't speak Chinese, but I walked in and ordered in English. They understood just fine, so definitely visit!
The only reason I would imagine that people give this place negative reviews is that they did not like the food, not because the food was in any way inadequate. 

I had doufu hua with red bean, which really satisfied a craving that I had been having. Additionally, their bread is fairly decent, although unremarkable I guess. I have not been here enough times to confidently say that all of their soups are good, but I can attest that the red bean soup is on point.
I love this place.  It looks like a tiny hole-in-the-wall but it's awesome.  It was the first place in Chinatown to offer bubble tea when it first came to Philly.  I love their fresh soybean drink and various desserts.  I have no idea what each one is called but I try a new one every time and have yet to be disappointed.  All I know is that some contain tapioca, mung bean, soy, and/or coconut.  They also have sticky rice dumplings wrapped in leaves and stir-fried flat noodles.  I always make sure to stop in every time I'm in Chinatown.  The owner does appear grouchy but he's like a Chinese parent: well-meaning but afraid to show his soft side.  Yes, it's tiny and the oxygen flow might be on par with a poorly ventilated fume hood but the food is worth it.
Tiny hole in the wall that most people wouldn't look twice at unless they knew what they were looking for. I was looking for dou hua (tofu pudding). And I found it.
$1.50 for a container of dou hua with toppings if you want. Awesome. Plus other desserts, zong zi, you tiao, breakfast stuff. The elderly couple that run the place are really nice. It'll help if you know chinese or are familiar with what you're trying to order.
Having just returned to Philly after a few weeks in Beijjng, I was craving a "Chinese style" breakfast. Hence hubs and I stopped in to try their salty tofu pudding, and pork and preserved egg porridge. 

This was the best bowl of porridge I've had in a while (including compared to some fancy hotel buffet in China).

The Salty Tofu Pudding is good and true to the pictures others have posted, but ultimately not quite what I was hoping for - which would be silken tofu in more of a hot and sour broth soup. I don't know if this way - piles of dry toppings added to tofu - is the normal in another part of China, but it's definitely not like how they are served in Beijing. 

We also had a You Tiao (fried dough/Chinese donut) which is how it's supposed to taste - like a chewy churro without the coat of sugar. 

All in all, two "soups", a fried bread, and a cup of coffee ran us $7. I'd definitely come back for breakfast another day.
Ahhh fresh hot silken tofu with ginger syrup all for $1.25. LOVVEEEEEE!!!! Next I must try just buying some plain and try making soondobu :)
Wandered in this place looking for bubble tea. got a coconut.. very good indeed. Discovered a sweet soup with taro and small tapioca pearls sitting on counter for $1.50...amazing...i"m hooked. Tofu/wginger was very good. Nice lady...man a bit grumpy but they are very helpful. Place always busy..good sign. Also very good were the noodles w/ veg and the unsweetened iced 24 herb tea..
I've been in Los Angeles for 6 years now, and I've yet to encounter a better dao-fu-fa (translation: tofu flower)--the silken smooth freshly-made sweet tofu dessert thingy--outside of Philadelphia. I'm convinced that to satiate my cravings, my only resolve is to plan my vacations to somehow navigate through Chinatown Philly (unless someone can recommend a reasonable LA-equivalent). And I don't think I'm alone here because I've seen my aunt from HK do the same thing, and I'm sure these aren't isolated incidents.

Plus, they're not here to gouge their customers, as you can get dessert for an entire family of 6, a Chinese newspaper for the grandmother and 2 freshly made soy bean drinks for $10.75. Seriously, this is just plain awesome.
It's a hole in the wall... if you eat here after buying your food at the counter, you will sit at a rickety table crammed in a small room with some other customers.  But the food is great, especially on a cold December morning.  The hot silken tofu with ginger syrup warmed us up and made us feel truly nourished.  Also tried the stir-fried rice noodles with cabbage (yum), round sweets with sesame seeds, and some kind of flat donut thingie.  I love that they sell apparently homemade tea in plastic bottles, either sweetened or unsweetened.  Had no idea what kind of tea we bought, but one tasted kind of like green tea, and the other kind of like the way an Asian grocery or pharmacy sometimes smells... spicy and smoky.  So glad this place was listed on here, because I probably would have been too intimidated to go in otherwise.
I can't read a single thing from the menu on the wall. Half the time I have no idea what's inside some of the food I'm eating. I just know it's good!
They sell out of the lo mein and the vermicelli early on so get there quickly! Try everything once since its all so affordable - I still need to try the tofu with the savory topping instead of the ginger sugarcane syrup!
Heung Fa Chun Sweet House was definitely my favorite place to eat at during my short visit to Philadelphia - I actually came here twice during my stay in the city.

This place is definitely one of those hole in the wall restaurants, but don't let it fool you. I'm always craving authentic Chinese breakfasts, and this definitely hit the spot. We ordered the you tiao (twisted cruller), sweetened soy milk, dou fu nao (salty tofu kinda thing, not really sure how to explain it too well in English), and a salty rice ball. The you tiao is huge and comes out very warm, so dipping it in the (amazingly fresh) soy milk was just perfect. Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious, and best of all, our total ended up being a little over $5.

The people who work here are really friendly - we accidentally ordered a sweet tofu at first, but the lady who worked there was happy to switch it out for the salty one. Like pretty much any restaurant in Chinatown, this place is cash only, so bring a lot of it because the breakfast food here is legit. I'm beyond thrilled I found this place through Yelp reviews, because I am definitely coming back here if I'm ever in Philly again.
Absolutely, positively amazing place for sweet treats.  As others have said it's a hole-in-the-wall so it scares a lot of the tourists.  That's just fine so there's more for residents of the area!  I have no clue as to the names of all the treats.  Everything I have tried has been delicious.  I'd pass on trying to sit inside as it's really cramped.  Take your sweets to go.  You'll be very pleased with the prices as most everything is $1.50 or less!
Make sure to get the ginger syrup with your sweet tofu with red bean.

Oh, what a synergistic dessert it becomes. Warm, slightly sweet silky tofu, red bean, and a sweet gingery syrup that has that spicy bite to it. 

Great cheap start to my day...

*not a lot of English going on here, so it can be a little intimidating for the non-Chinese speaking, but if I can convey my order, so can you.
There's something about a simple chinese breakfast of a fried crueler and fresh soy milk that reminds me of simpler, pre-pandemic times. I come here at least once a month for breakfast, I also get an order of the sweet soy bean curd with red bean. Their Zhongzi are also really good! I usually get the one with pork and egg yolk. Highly recommend!
Best cha siu baos for miles around. They're happy to also warm them up for you if you want to eat them on the spot. It took us a long time to find this place (also, we think they get their cha siu baos from a store across the street) and it's now an absolute staple whenever we're in town.

Next time we pass through Philly, we'll be bringing a cooler so we can stock up in our freezer!
Tofu with ginger sugar.... simple, yet refreshing. The prices are very reasonable for this hole in the wall sweet house of goodness. Heads up - this place can be packed with lines literally wrapping out of the store, especially on the weekends. Ca$h only!


There's something therapeutic about watching the owner scoop out pieces of tofu. He's so cute and hardworking.. I think he deserves a vacation for keeping up his desserts.
Awesome place for Taiwanese breakfast goodies! I was visiting Philly after not being here in a while and absolutely had to try this place out. For lunch one day, I got the Taiwanese flavor rice tamale (zongzi), rice roll (fantuan), and sweet tofu soup (douhua). I had a lot of this growing up and had been craving it for a while, so I had high expectations. For the most part, those expectations were met.

Zongzi: this was AWESOME. I got the Taiwanese one with peanuts, pork, and mushroom. I haven't had zongzi this good since the last time my mom made some. What you get at dim sum places has less sticky and oily rice and has a little less flavor (I assume that's the Cantonese version). This was beautifully sticky, oily, and chock full of flavor from the pork and mushrooms!

Fantuan: I had been craving fantuan since a couple weeks ago and wasn't able to find any place that sold them in Boston. This was probably the least spectacular item I got, but it wasn't horrible. There was a bit too much rice to filling ratio, but when I did get a taste of the filling (youtiao, pickled veggies, pork floss), it was yummy.

Douhua: I actually didn't grow up enjoying this, but felt like I had to get some while I was here. It was really good! I got it with red bean, and they of course give you some simple syrup to pour in. Definitely want to try the savory one next time.
A small shop full of authentic Asian breakfast and lunch goodies! I tried their buns, Chinese 'tamales', sweet tofu, savory tofu, and fried dough - all for under $15!

My favorite was the Chinese tamales wrapped in bamboo leaves, there are multiple flavors so you can find one that suits your taste. Their tofu was soft and silky, clearly homemade. Everything truly reminded me of how it would taste in Asia.

Highly recommended for an authentic experience for an affordable price!
The pork, peanut, and mushroom is very delicious. Perfect flavoring and perfect density  the sticky rice. The pork is in big chunks and peanuts give the crunchy texture. 

However the sweet one is super duper dry. It's a waste of money.

The snowball is filled with ground peanuts and coconut. Very good with a lot of filling but doesn't stay together, the balls tend to open up
A Chinatown gem -- I will be overjoyed if we ever get a similar location in NY. Everything here is spectacular from the fried dough to the salty tofu to the sesame balls. Affordable and extremely traditional/authentic, highly recommend as a breakfast option any day of the week.
Heung Fa Chun Sweet House offers great standard Chinese breakfast items at street cart prices. We swung by on a Sunday and it was pretty popular- we ate there and there were always customers at the counter,  constantly going in and out, crammed into the tiny storefront. It is a hole in the wall, but the good kind that's really a gem in disguise. It's easy to miss if you're not looking for it.

The cashier was nice enough and spoke English well so we didn't have any problems ordering (sometimes my Chinese is confused...). He answered all of our questions accordingly. The menu was in English when we visited.

The food is authentic and flavorful. We ordered some savory tofu(douhua), fried dough(youtiao), soymilk, and flat-leaf wrapped sticky rice (zongzi) The portions were generous and we were so stuffed by the end.

This is going to be a go to whenever we stop by Philly. It's also a stone's throw from the bus terminal and the big parking lot so that's a huge plus.
Tried the salty tofu hua the first time after I came to the US for 8 years. Compared to Nan Xiang Soup Dumpling house in Flushing NY that I tried the second day I tried the tofu hua here, this one is slightly better.

I am from the north part of China and I used to hate these tasteless salty tofu hua for breakfast, but after I grew up a bit, I started to know how to eat them... you need to break the tofu apart, enough that you get the soy sauce stuff and other ingredients in one spoon, and have them all at once. With cilantro, this becomes even better. 

The store is probably the most hole in the wall store I have ever seen, even the counter wasn't clean and looked oily while no one else was at the store. 

I added one start because the worker came out of her way to deliver some chilly sauce after I sat down and started eating.
The cool thing about this place is the rarity with which I have seen tofu pudding sold- particularly a salty flavor. My dad used to make it, a street vendor in my dad's hometown, and now Heung Fa Chun. 

The youtiao is fried on the spot so it's hot and crispy when you get it. You can get the tofu pudding with or without hot sauce (pictured with hot sauce). The green onions, the dried fried onions and the shrimp skins give the pudding an umami flavor like that found in braised meat. I would suggest mixing the saltier soup mix on top with the bottom otherwise the first few bites will be too salty. 

Because this food reminded me so much of home I returned, to buy enough for dinner. The pork, fermented egg congee had that same umami, with a balanced sweetness. It would've been even better with fresh green onion also. I also got the Taiwanese sticky rice with peanuts, pork and mushrooms- great flavors again. Between the pork/sausage/egg and pork buns, the former is the better choice.
You are still my favorite tofu pudding place in the country. Yes, I mean country. You have to get the tofu pudding with ginger and honey. Sometimes, I love it with the red beans.

When you walk in, this is a hole in the wall/no frills kind of place. How else do you think they keep everything under 2 dollars? Now, the only thing I wouldn't get here is their sesame ball bakery items. Ehhh. I would head to the bakery across the street. But the pudding, oooo the pudding!!!!!!!!!!
Okay, I admit this place is like a hole-in-the-wall on the inside but the food they sell is very traditional Chinese breakfast street vendor fare. They have very good and very cheap soymilk, tofu dessert (dou hua), and grass jelly. Their tofu dessert is very rich in that beany flavor yet super silky, uniform, and just the right firmness. There are so many things that could go wrong with tofu dessert: too watered down, the curds are too soft or too firm, grittiness, or the soy milk does not curdle right and ends up forming smaller uneven curds instead of an even glossy mass. Trust me I know. I tried making my own dou hua with gypsum at home and failed. It's not that easy to get right. I have tried dou hua at two other shops in Chinatown and they were either too soft/watered down or the curds were broken up and gritty. The dou hua here does not suffer from any of the problems. My favorite topping is the peanuts. Green and red bean are good as well.  I recommend you get the ginger sugar syrup, too!

The only thing I would NOT recommend getting here is the Chinese fried donuts (you tiao). They say they were fresh but have obviously been sitting out for a few hours. Chinese fried donuts must be eaten hot and fresh right out of the fryer. Otherwise, it just hardens up and tastes really stale.
Was by myself and wanted to just drop by for a quick bite on a cold day. 

The savory tofu was so warm and good. It warmed my belly and reminded me of the quality in Asia. A good portion that was super cheap. 

I also got the fried dough you tiao. By 2:30pm on Sunday it wasn't fresh and not as good but that's my fault for coming later in the day. 

Facility is not the best looking but certainly authentic to what it's like in a small street stall in Taiwan or China.
this little Chinese dessert house in Chinatown (right across from the Malaysian restaurant, Penang) is one of the reasons Philly is a favorite city of mine. this place has Tau Fu Fah!!!! thats Cantonese for a Chinese soy pudding  dessert, or Douhua in Mandarin. And at a mere $1.25 you can get a bowl of the heavenly delicious yet healthier dessert option! Mmmmmmm....................
There is a good variety of sweet soupy Chinese desserts here, but I only care for tau fu fah. =)
Ideal meal: Lunch at Banana Leaf  or Penang for some good Msian food, and wash it down with some sweet delightful goodness here.

Warning: Closed on Wednesdays!
Tasty Taiwanese / Chinese food and desserts, including freshly made do-hua and soybean drink (both salty and sweet, hot or cold, peanuts, sugar, and honey optional). Only counters to sit at, for the most part, but nothing's too complicated here. A lot of menus on the wall, most of them written in Chinese, though.

Oh, if you're too slow in ordering, people give you a nasty look, but you can ignore it, the owners usually take orders around you while you think about what you want. Not a terrible lot of space, so you could be crammed in here along with all the people who stop in for various small eats to go.

One of the better places for a quick, hot breakfast in the morning, although I have popped in for a fast lunch here, too.
I used to get lunch here most days. I would just get a zong (sticky rice with pork and peanuts wrapped in bamboo leaves) and a tofu dessert. The zong tasted just like my great-grandmother used to make and the tofu dessert (dou hua) reminded my grandfather of his childhood in China where a man would come around singing the "tofu song." 

I have to admit, as a non-Chinese-speaker I was a little intimidated by this place at first, as it is a hole in the wall and there isn't much in the way of English signage. Still, I found pointing works pretty well and I would recommend it to anyone looking for some portable sticky rice or a ton of silken tofu!
These places are hard to find these day, and it taste good, very traditional chinese snack and dessert. Btw, when she ask you, ginger sugar or regular sugar for the tofu, you have to get the ginger sugar. Wish there is one in NYC
I always get my self a takeout of the red bean sweet soup whenever I walk past it. It's hot and sweet, it just makes me so happy . Red bean and green tea are my two favorite flavor in everything , so this 8oz or 12 oz container is a container of happiness for me. 

I also like their unsweeted hot soy milk , i always get one while my friends get bubble tea . Its only a dollar ! 

This place is small but the old couple working there are nice but the old guy can get cranky at times, his wife is always nice though.
Yes. Yes. and Yes.

The homemade tofu pudding with honey (you must ask for it with ginger) is to die for- especially for only 1.25!!! 

1) They have other typical Cantonese style desserts and some noodle dishes. In addition, it seems like the sticky rice is always a hit since it is usually sold out.

2) It's a small and dingy looking place- so I would usually do take out.

3) CASH ONLY- come on it's a hole in the wall Chinese place.

This is the little gem of a hole in the wall that I'm been seeking from a move from San Francisco!!!
There's a big part of me that wanted to give this place a 4 because I am STARVED of Taiwanese breakfast in NY. But as much as I appreciate them for existing, I have to be real here. The fan tuan (rice roll) I ordered came pre-made, so not only was it tiny, the you tiao in the middle was soggy. The re dou jiang (hot soy milk) tasted fine at first, but as I got down to the bottom of my cup, I could taste a bit of burned soy milk. He did pick up the metal container the soy milk was in and poured it into my cup, so I don't know if it was just an issue with being near the end of the batch, or if it's a thing they do (because I have been traumatized by a place in Taiwan that says burnt soy milk is their signature taste).

There's a part of my that really wanted to get a Taiwan zhong zhi, but judging from the pictures...it looked a little light. Like the color should be darker. And since I was kind of burned on the fan tuan and dou jiang, I opted not to.

Otherwise, it's a cute store. And I really do appreciate them for exisiting.
Damn.. for only $3.50, I got myself a hot sweet soy milk, mung bean sago, and a tofu-fa with ginger. This was my 2nd time here, and I'm totally sold. I left this place feeling so lucky to have found somewhere in philly chinatown that sells such GOOD chinese food for so cheap - not just desserts, but good noodles too. I still have yet to try their sticky rice (zhong) but wouldn't be surprised if they're just as good. Anyway, if you wanna try traditional chinese breakfast food items, get the chinese donut with the hot sweet soy milk! Yum!
Best $1 I've spent in a long time.

Got a giant fluffy steamed red bean bun. The bread is tender, moist, and slightly sweet. There isn't much red bean filling, but it's just as dense and sweet as I remembered! Perfect to hit that bao craving.

Next time I'll try the sweet tofu pudding, which was clearly the customer favorite!
I understand this is a sweet house and that it is hong kong, but it is my to go place for a traditional taiwanese breakfast. I am a huge fan of the salty/savory stuff vs the sweet. The sweet isn't bad, but my preference is to hit it up on a weekend morning before the rush.

I like the salty soy milk in a bowl and then I throw some chili oil on there and order a side of the oil cruellers, which get torn up and thrown in the bowl. Then to finish it all off I get the glutenous rice wrapped crueller with some bitter veggies in it and pork sung. 

To go, I may get some taro tapioca soup or a cold soy milk for the long walk of shame home. What a fatass, i just disgusted myself reading this.
$2.50 for a filling and healthy breakfast? Sign me up! I was looking for a place in Chinatown that was open early (as most of the dimsum places were only open at 10 or 1030) and I found myself a savior at Heung Fa Chun. There is an English menu now, but it seems to lack some of the critical things like century egg congee - whuuut?

I got myself a savory beancurd bowl, which was a heaping bowl of silken beancurd with laden with soy sauce, chili sauce, and sprinkled with pickled vegetables, scallions, and little dried shrimp. It was delicious! The flavors and textures all worked together very well. It was a low-fat, high protein dish, for only $2.50 - and I'll certainly be recreating this.
Fresh Hot Soymilk = LOVE.
The Mai fun is also good ! 
But one time, my friends got us tofu fa & when they asked for more sugar/honey the man flipped out.. regardless of that, I still give 5 stars because everything is super cheap and well you just can't beat that !
Love this hole in the wall! Almost everything on the menu is Chinese, so make sure you bring a friend who knows Chinese. I come here to get their cold sweet soy milk and their sticky rice! The sticky rice are made fresh everyday and they run out before the day ends. They also sell a variety of "zhong zi". I have to come back again to try their tofu puddling! Cash only.
Still the best taro, tapioca, and coconut dessert in Chinatown!  Basically a combination of my favorite dessert components in a delicious concoction.
This is the place to go to for soft tofu dessert.  Silken tofu with ginger suger syrup that's filled to the brim of the container. You can't go wrong with that. Everything is freshly homemade and so good.

Might not be english friendly but don't let that get in the way of getting good hot tofu.
Youtiao, sweet tofu w/green bean, warm soymilk, and pork sticky rice for Sunday morning breakfast with the SO. $7.50 for everything. 

Everything here was new to me so I was really excited to try it all. Overall it was a really great breakfast with a lot of great flavors and textures! The youtiao was great eaten plain or dipped into the soymilk (which can be served warm or cold, with regular or less sugar). The sweet tofu was silken and sweet without being overpowering. The green bean didn't have too much flavor but it was nice to have something for a change in texture. Apparently the ginger sugar is the way to go, so I'll try that the next time I get a sweet tofu! The sticky rice was pretty dense as most of it was rice (we got the one w/peanuts and pork), so I wasn't a huge fan, but apparently they're hugely popular here. 

Next time I'm trying the salty tofu!
Salty tofu ($2.75) is the bomb. Very very authentic. It brings me back childhood memories!!
I was really craving some zhong zhi. It was very much part of my childhood growing up. This little hole in the wall spot in philly has many varieties. I was in a rush since I was in Philly just for the day.  
Most of the signs are in Chinese, but if you ask the cashier they will let you know which one each is. The one I got was just the rice and pork variety. It was very flavorful, but simple. Next time I will have to get the one with pork, peanuts and mung bean. If I'm in the area I will definitely return to try some of their other food.
This place is truly a hidden gem located right in the heart of Chinatown. Delicious, cheap, and reminiscent of my childhood summers in Taiwan. 

I had the sweet tofu dessert and rice roll with dried pork, fried dough and pickled veg for just $4.25!! Although half the menu lacks English translations, the employee behind the counter was kind enough to explain the dishes and its ingredients if needed. Can't wait to go back!
This place is legit! I think the plastic and styrofoam containers enhance the experience. Anyway if you are craving a traditional Chinese snack of grass jelly or soft tofu, this is the place for you. 

Ok I know that grass jelly and soft tofu don't sound particularly appetizing. Let me explain. 

Grass Jelly: Think soft set jelly, that has a delicate herbal flavor with a little edge of bitterness that is just asking for some fragrant ginger syrup which you astutely drizzle generously on top, and enjoy with a classy plastic spoon....ok maybe it is better if you just give it a try. 

Soft tofu: This can come with ginger syrup too, but you should also try the savory version! It is so hard to come by savory soft tofu around these parts. The tofu comes with an umami rich sauce comprising dried shrimp, fermented chili paste and veggies, soy sauce, and scallions...yeah I am failing at enticing you. But I promise it is delicious. Some things in life are not captured by words.
I would definitely call this place a tofu shop, my own personal child memories of stores like this would make their own tofu, soy milk and herbal teas. 

Heung Fa has provided me recently with soft foods that I have to have after dentist visits. They do sell sweet and savory tofu deserts fresh. You can ask for the tofu in pint or quart containers. 

They also have buns (sold single or in bags) and jungzhi which I compare to Spanish tamales, but this is Asian hearty sticky rice meal wrapped within a banana leaf. 

Owner is friendly and conversational, will continue to frequent this location.
This is like a shop my grandmother would run. They sell homemade Chinese desserts, mostly specializing in tofu. 

The tofu with red bean is served hot with your choice or ginger sugar or regular. The little old lady is pretty friendly and quite efficient even though she works solo. 

If you're looking to try authentic Chinese dessert soups then look no further. They have other selections besides tofu such as red bean, mung bean and tapioca pudding and even sticky rice.
This place is the best and especially for breakfast and lunch!  It's also really good if you prefer some options without sugar.  I go here multiple times per week.  It should be noted this place opens at 6:30AM 7 days per week, which I confirmed the other day.  Great choice for times you wake up extra early!
It was my favorite place to get tofu, but their food taste different ever since they changed the ownership. Tofu is lack of soy bean taste, very watery or I should say too much liquid when they prepare it. Sugar syrup taste different as well, regular sugar syrup is not even sweet anymore and the ginger sugar syrup is also lack of ginger taste, it is not as good as it used to be.
Belated review: Went for breakfast before 9:00 am on January 11 and liked it so much I went again closer to 10:00 am on Martin Luther King Jr. Day.

I purposefully sought out Heung Fa Chun Sweet House after having Chinatown breakfast on my mind for quite some time; Yelp reviews indicated trying this option was a worthy pursuit.

The restaurant is very small, with the counter--set with an assortment of prepared foods; all of the food served from behind it--right in front of you upon opening the door. There is stool seating along the window there and in an adjoining room that also has three or four small tables. I'd guess maybe ten people could sit and eat here comfortably enough. Things were fairly clean. I enjoyed the space, eating at a table in the corner. 
In seeking a "full" experience, I made sure to have enough of an appetite to order a series of items.

First, I ordered the "salty tofu" ($2.75), which was like a soupy container of silken tofu with a squirt of soy sauce, topped with scallions and some other crunchy seasonings (like dried shrimp, added before I could specify I don't eat seafood, and maybe garlic) and a spoon of some type of chili paste after being asked if I wanted it spicy. An irresistible combination of savory flavor with a comforting warmth and softness. With this I also ordered a hot soy milk ($1), electing for it to be sweetened. This was the best soy milk I've ever had (admittedly I had never had my soy milk hot, or not out of a carton): It was a little creamy, not too thin, and seemed to have the perfect level of sweetness. 

Upon finishing my salty tofu, I ordered a vegetarian bun and grabbed a vegetarian "tamale" out of a basket on a shelf along the wall. The bun was light and fluffy, the flavor a little sweet and subtle; it was very enjoyable. My vegetable tamale (a leaf-wrapped portion of glutinous rice supposed to contain peanuts, mushrooms, and I think dried radish) ended up having been involved in a mix-up with the pork tamales... Unfortunately, I swallowed a meaty bite before realizing. Beyond my own personal qualms this wasn't a problem, as the woman at the counter earnestly attended to the mix-up and heated me up an actually vegetarian one as replacement. It was good, but I was not as excited by it as the salty tofu or the bun. 

I could not resist trying one more thing, so I ordered the sweet tofu dessert (same soupy form as the salty tofu) with mung beans and tapioca as add-ons ($3); the sweetener (seemed to be a ginger simple syrup) came on the side in a little two ounce container. Delicious, chewy, and a good, balanced sweetness. 

Incredibly cheap for a satisfyingly salty, sweet, flavorful, and fresh meal. First breakfast I ate there cost me about $12. 

Second time around I again ordered the salty tofu (just as delicious as the first), but also ordered some lo mein and fried taro dough. A small order of lo mein came heaped in a Styrofoam bowl-- certainly not a stingy portion. It wasn't far off from what you'd get from a decent takeout place, but it was definitely better--not overly saturated or very greasy, and not too salty. As for the fried dough, I'm not sure if I was actually given the taro or regular, but it came as two, maybe four or five inch sticks. It was pleasantly heated and doughy, and not greasy. 

Heung Fa Chun Sweet House is an excellent choice for a quick and cheap but highly satisfying breakfast. There is so much to choose from on the menu; everything I ordered was delicious. Plus the food didn't leave me feeling bloated or gross. If I lived nearby, I'd be tempted to stop in many mornings.
This place is a hidden gem in philly. No, it's not the cleanest or nicest looking place but it's full of every Chinese breakfast food you could want but have never tried, not to mention it's super cheap. My personal faves include: salty tofu soup, sweet hot soy milk, youtiao (fried dough), and all the different zongzi (Chinese rice tamale). Super authentic and you really cannot go wrong, this is truly how Chinese food should be.
House made soy milk and beancurd taste just like it do back home! Price is very cheap and I'm glad I stopped in! Just sad that I did not buy more and now it's all gone :(
This is my favorite little hole in the wall to satisfy my craving for salty tofu.  While everyone else is busy raving about the tofu with honey and ginger (which is delicious), I am completely obsessed with their salty tofu.  I am unsure about all the condiments used, but for the most part they use scallions, dried shrimp, fermented radish in soy sauce, chili oil (they ask if you want it spicy), and a few other items to make it amazing.  

I have yet to find another place that actually sells salty tofu, so this is as good as it gets, and trust me you won't be disappointed.  I'm actually going down for an order when I'm finished this review. :D
I love this place! One of the very few places you can find authentic warm sweet tofu (as well as salty tofu) that's so soft, smooth, and delicious. In addition, they sell all kinds of delicious asian snacks such as radish cake, sweet sticky rice, cha siu bao, and so much more. Their prices are more than fair here. This place is small so there's not too much seating but that shouldn't be a problem unless you come on a weekend when the store is packed!
Couldn't wait to come back to philly just to eat at this place again. This was the first place I went after I got off the plane this morning. The server was so friendly and we had a wonderful conversation. The food is still cheap and super delicious . My boyfriend and my meal was $15 total and we were stuffed afterwards! I am so jealous of everyone who lives Philly and can come here whenever they want
I am in loveeeee!  Definitely try this hole-in-a-wall dessert spot.  They do great despite the 2 pastry stops across the street.  I love their tofu pudding with red beans!  Everything here is good and and cheap ($1-$3) so if you don't know what to get, try a little of everything!  Fried dough, chinese donut, and the sticky rice with pork is great!  I am dying to try the sticky rice balls but they sell out quickly and I keep missing it!
The food is cheap and delicious. It is a very good Chinese restaurant to try on and to eat breakfast. Cash only. And you better pack them to go. It is more like a Chinese fast food place.
This is a gem of chinatown, looks like a hole in the wall but their signature tofu dessert is my favorite.  I never really get anything else here but their tofu dessert.  They seem to have a variety of flavors from salty to sweet.  I'm not a fan of salty tofu so never tried it.
Been here a total of 3 times now.. twice they are closed haha, so in total 5 times I guess?

I just really really really like everything they have..!!! It's just so tasty and authentic and reminds me of home! Their duo fu hua is so good (especially with red beans!) 

 (NOTE: They are closed on Wednesdays! And also they run out of things pretty fast, I think usually by 5~6 they are out of a lot of things, so it's more fresh in the morning. so make sure if you were going late, call and ask about what they have left)
It is my first time to have tofu hua in U.S since I came here two years ago and this place does not disappoint me! My parents and I tried both salty and sweet tofu hua, zongzi, soybean milk and fried sticks. All were very authentic for only 11 bucks!
I love this little hole in the wall place! The soy milk is the best and is only $1.25! Other traditional Chinese desserts/ street food are very authentic. I always stop by whenever I'm in Chinatown
I was excited to try this place after reading all the reviews. However upon entering I wondered if it was the correct place. It was very dirty, dimly lit, and just uncomfortably small. I ordered anyway; 

A Chinese doughnut - hated it. Was oily fried dough with no flavor whatsoever other than the oil. Gross. 

4 sesame temple balls - also very oily but also tough. Not very flavorful or satisfying. 

Ginger douhua - was actually delicious and very cozy. Was satisfied by its delicate flavor. It wasn't amazing by any means and doubt it's the best in the city (haven't had it anywhere else) but it was good anyway. 

All in all it was worth it just for the douhua. Everything was only $4 which was unbelievable lol .
Carbs carbs overload!! 

I truly enjoyed my carb overload breakfast here. Ordered the salty tofu, the tofu is sooooo soft and smooooth. It's topped with dried shrimp, green onions, garlic chip? Hot sauce and soy sauce. Talk about comfort food done right! 

I also order the sticky rice. This you can skip. It's not very fresh so the rice has hardened. 

The fried taro dough is interesting, wish it has more taro in it. 

I also ordered the sweet rice roll. This roll isn't sweet at all. It has fried dough and preserved veg and pork floss inside. Oh so good and oh so bad for you. 

I was stuffed and I only paid $12 for 2 people. Well worth every penny and every calorie. 

I will not hesitate to return.
Need to say no more that this is my favorite place in Chinatown, to get soy milk and Jiandui which is my all time favorite breakfast combination.
A sweet place to stop by in Chinatown. 

Sweet House offers different types of sweets and snacks for excellent prices! My favorites are the soy milk (which I get sweet and cold), their sweet soups, and their sticky rice wrapped in leaves (not really sure what the English name for this is so I just made something up?). 

It definitely helps to speak Mandarin here, otherwise it might be hard to order/know what you can even order in the first place. 

Located very close to the Chinatown gate in Philadelphia, Sweet House is pretty central to many places in Chinatown. Definitely worth a try.
I absolutely love this dessert place. So traditional. So good. There's little to no place like this in Chinatown. At least not as good. They sell not only traditional Chinese desserts but Chinese Buns and other little quick eats. If you love Chinese desserts as much as I do. This plaCr is a must try. I've been coming here ever since I was a little girl. I am now 25. It's a small place, so a quick bite or to go is perfect. Cash only unless you hit $15 then you can use card. Everything here is pretty cheap. $2.5 for a bowl of dessert. My favorite is the sweet tofu dessert.
Oh my god - I almost died and went to heaven when I saw that they had peanut do hua. Wonderful find! They have all kinds of do jiang (soy bean milk) and also do hua, which is like tofu but has a smooth texture like custard, but more water content. They had a bunch of other stuff like zong zi (sticky rice wrapped in leaves) and red / green bean soups. Definitely coming back here soon.
I bought three things - 1) GUI LING GAO 2) Cane Sugar Tea 3) Taro & Tapioca Pearl Dessert.  2) and 3) are not fresh, having soury taste which is typical with food that has gone bad.  I had to toss both items, money wasted.

This is a small place but I'd expect good quality food and traditional Cantonese cooking, just as advertised.  It is really not.
Places like these are way too few and far between. I can't even think of a place in New York's Chinatown that is as good as this one.

Tofu-Fa is a classic Chinese dessert and Heung Fa Chun has pretty much perfected their product. The tofu-fa itself is phenomenally smooth and flavorful. The sweet syrup that all tofu-fa's are topped with is light and gingery. Plus, they have so many other classic Chinese delights that you can add to your tofu-fa. I chose my all time favorite... Red Bean! (Other note-worthy choices were peanut, green bean, and taro.) Like all good Chinatown eats, it's ridiculously inexpensive-- a very generous bowl cost $1.50.

It's simple, it's humble, and it's fantastic! I hope their recipe gets passed down to the next generation because I need it to stay alive forever.
I freaking love this place! Cheap sweet tofu pudding with ginger sugar. Silky and hot tofu. The syrup has a nice, strong ginger taste. I did not know that red bean goes so well with sweet tofu, but I am so glad I tried it. YUM YUM YUM!
This place is a gem of a gem. Don't forget to bring cash.

Next time I come I plan on bringing my friend so that he can try the homemade tofu pudding with honey and giner :)
This place is amazing.  Cheap desserts that are delicious.  This is the only place in Chinatown that I have found that makes desserts that taste homemade (unlike nearly every other bakery).  I live in San Diego now and miss this place dearly. If only they could open a San Diego branch.  I always make a pit stop when I go back to Philly.
Quite sad that I am not giving this spot a 5 star review- perhaps I need to come back next time to give it another try. I saw this spot as I was searching up good eats in the Philly area and was very excited to try their tofu with red beans. I think I was expecting similar taste/quality as Fong On in NY but was a tad disappointed when I ate it. I ordered a small tofu with red beans and they also gave a small container of their ginger syrup. I wanted to try the tofu before putting the ginger syrup thinking the red beans were sweetened already but I was wrong. Next, I tried the red beans alone and they were on the hard side. I was quite sad that the red beans were both unsweetened and harder to eat. Then I added the ginger syrup to the tofu and it made it a tad better but then I noticed that my quart of tofu tasted a little grainy- it wasnt smooth like what I saw from other photos. I think I might have gotten a not so good batch of tofu? Not sure but overall I was disappointed. I still finished the whole quart with my fiance eating just a little bit of it but hopefully next time, the tofu would be better? 1 star off for this as it might have been an off day for them..
We also noticed they had chrysanthemum tea in bottles and we purchased one of that as well- and this was SO refreshing to drink. we enjoyed it so much we went back the next day to get two more and a prunella drink (ha goo cho?)
Will be back for hopefully better tofu next time.
Review based on drinks only: They have good (sweet and unsweetened) herbal teas. 

Shop also sells other stuff like guilinggao and small canto food items.
It's a hole in the wall kind of place but my friend who took me here said this is a good place to get sweet or salty tofu and I definitely agree. I got the salty tofu (and you can make it spicy if you want). My friend got the sweet tofu which was sweet in a subtle way. You can other things like red bean to the sweet tofu if you want. Each tofu was under $3 and was very smooth. According to my Chinese friends this place is pretty authentic! This place is also cash only FYI.

I would definitely come back here next time I'm in Chinatown.
Strictly Dumpling came here and raved about this place so I had high expectations. We ordered the salty tofu, sesame paste, Chinese sausage bun, and veggie bun. Portions were sizable and the price is amazingly low. The salty tofu had all the components I was looking for but it was weirdly bland and needed more salt or seasoning. The sesame paste was on point and had a depth of sesame flavor that I can never seem to get at American establishments. The buns were ok - I was disappointed to see how little filling was in both, and both needed more salt or seasoning.
"ta-hoooOoOoo!" my parents try to recreate their childhood experience.  they paint a vivid picture of filipino street vendors shouting through the neighborhood selling warm soft tofu.  taho.  dou hua.  tofu fa.  whatever you call it, this hole in the wall sells it for a buck fitty a pop.  i'm always compelled to hit this place up after weekend dim sum, and it definitely hits the spot!  i can't wait to take my parents here when they come visit me in philly.
The dou hua (sweet tofu soup) is the thing to get here. I lived in Taiwan for 3 years and this stuff is legit. The soup is warm and sweet, but the soft tofu makes it much different than the desserts we're used to. I got it with black pearl tapioca and everything was excellent, except some of the tapioca balls were too hard in the middle. I'll definitely go back to get the dou hua but I'll have to try another topping next time.
Definitely one of the many hidden gems in Chinatown. There was no seating inside so most customers did takeout orders. Ordered a bunch of sweet and savory items to try - Sweet Rice Roll, Century Egg and Pork Congee, Sticky Rice Zongzi, Soy Milk, Plain Tofu Pudding with ginger syrup, and Fried Dough. All of these came out to be under $20. One downside was that this place only accept cash, so come prepared. Highly recommended for an authentic experience at an affordable price!
MY GO TO PLACE FOR TEA! I absolutely love this place! My family comes here pretty often and we always leave with tons of their teas. The "24" is my mom and dad's favorite. It's packed with healthy herbs. It's a little bitter but great for you. My sister and i get the sugar cane tea (the one in the photo I posted). That one is sweeter and so light. It's a great alternative to Starbucks or boba tea if you want something to sip on while walking around in the city.
The best place in Chinatown to get sweet tofu!!! This place is pretty tiny, but you can't miss their big red sign. You can add various toppings to your tofu, or get some sticky rice and fried dough. Good eats for cheap.
Awesome place to get some amazing soft tofu dessert. You can get the sweet version or savory version. Both are equally delicious. Tofu is soft, smooth, and hot. Sweet version has red bean and some syrup topped over it. The savory version you can customize. Tofu dessert so incredibly cheap. You can literally have them for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.
I LOVE this place! Sure... the place looks a bit run down and small but trust me, their desserts and small dishes are amazing! I came here on Sunday around 5 craving for soft tofu. Unfortunately, the guy said that it would take approximately 20 minutes for the next batch to be ready. I was willing to wait so we sat on the side as they have limited seating but it was better than nothing. When the soft tofu was ready, it came out hot and soft! There were already people behind us waiting for it. Half way through eating my soft tofu, my friend decided that she want one too but they were sold out. Although I got the plain soft tofu, they have a variety in which you can pick savory or sweet. All their stuff are cheaply priced and tastes delicious! I would definitely recommend this place if you're craving for Chinese desserts or small dishes.
This is my go-to place for cheap Chinese eats. My family has been buying the soft tofu dessert and soy bean milk here for years! It's a small storefront with some seating. There is usually one person manning the front so it can get a little chaotic when it's busy. People sometimes yell their orders over others so don't be too polite.
Heung Fa Chun Sweet House is easy to miss. It's small and hidden among the chaos of Chinatown. The menu is not too helpful, so you can easily feel lost if you have no idea what you're ordering. If that's the case, then just show photos of what you want (like I did - ha!).

I decided to try the savory tofu because it's colorful and looks tasty (lol) -- and it is! I've had the sweet tofu with ginger before but never the savory one. The savory one has more toppings including sambal oelek, scallions and tiny shrimps. The tofu is soft, light and just melts in your mouth. The savoriness combined with the warmth of the dish is nice. The dish can be slightly salty, so make sure to mix it up well. Also, half a Chinese takeout container of this is about $2.50 -- super cheap!
A little hole in the wall establishment that's not your typical hole in the wall. They offered a little bit of everything that's cater to mainly Chinese taste. They offered everything from soy milk, soft tofu sweet or salty, to your zongzi (Chinese tamale). I was like a kid in a candy store when I walked in. I just wanted to try everything. But just grab a quick drink of soy milk and some sesame balls. They both was excellent, exactly the way I remember them when I was younger.
The tofu fa is to die for here! I've had it here a few times and they are always a 10 out of 10. However, as experienced by another user, I had a slightly burned batch of tofu fa which leaves it a mild smoky taste. 

Tofu fa has a very delicate texture if you've never had it before. It's like eating silken tofu but completely airy, delicious, and light. The lady or man will ask if you want the ginger syrup...say yes! It's not heavy like pancake syrup...taste more like ginger infused simple sugar syrup. I bet you the syrup would also taste good in a cocktail :) 

I've also tried their fried cruellers and stick rice wrapped around dried pork, friend crullers and pickled vegetables. They are both ok...

Go try it if you are in the neighborhood! My whole family loves the place when they come and visit Philly ctown.
