- In less than 20 minutes, our Hibachi chef put together some mouthwatering meal, and spectacular performance!
- Keep an eye out for flying shrimp as the chefs are fun and engaging. 
- Hibachi Japanese Steak House is not fancy per se, but the food was good.
- All entrées include salad, fried Rice, vegetables ( we had onion, zucchini, and broccoli. Yucks!!! )
- Take advantage of the early-bird special, and dine before 6:15 p.m.( Sun-Fri)  5:45 p.m.( Sat 5:45 P.M.)

This Hibachi dinner show deserves Three Yelps.
Self service was awesome here hahaha
So a group of 12 was dining last night at this establishment and I don't think the food was good enough to return for such poor service! 
The waitress didn't want to work there, she didn't even bother asking if we want alcoholic drinks. And after refilling our water glasses, the waiter (a helper male waiter) just brought a whole chug and let us help ourselves hahaha 

the sushi/sashimi were decent. But once again the individual plate came after about 10 minutes so we had food but just sat there staring because we couldn't start without a plate. 

Finally the entrees came....9 entrees came and we waited until our food was all cold and stale then came the last 3 so we all 12 can eat! 

I had a combination, filet mignon and salmon. It was alright, like the food I cook at home. I expected the filet mignon to be in a round shape but it came out all chopped up so even though it was a medium rare but it was more like well done. 
What's sad is that the place was dead quiet, it was not busy at out corner!

Then I ordered a cheesecake with raspberry...thought maybe at least they decorate it and comes with 1 or 2 raspberries! Came out a plain cheesecake!!!! We asked the waitress what happened to our order and she said she can bring it back to the kitchen and put on the raspberry sauce or she can bring out the sauce for us to do it ourselves. We waited long enough so we took the bottle and did it  ourselves.

Such a ridiculous dinner. 

Our view was the lit Franklin bridge which was awesome but wouldn't come back to this self serve restaurant again if I have a choice. 

The way getting to the restaurant doesn't seem safe because if you don't park at that parking lot/near the door it's quite a long walk from the street under a dark quiet parking garage! Anybody can just drag you into their car and kidnap you easily if walking alone!!!
I could write a super long review about everything that went wrong, but I'll save you the trouble and just say don't waste your time or money.  

Here are some of the highlights:
Walking through a creepy parking garage just to get to the restaurant
Being the only people in the entire place
Every single dish we ordered was mediocre or undercooked and inedible
We saw a mouse run across the floor
Overpriced

The only positive was that our waiter was nice and accomodating.  

I will not be returning.
It starts when you try to find the place - which is essentially at the end of the pier under Dave and Busters.  You walk up to the elevator and think the girl (my sister in this case) invited you as a cruel joke.  Nothing screams "this way to the restaurant" at any point. When you get off the elevator it only gets worse - as it doesn't look anything like a restaurant.

I wandered around until I found my family at the bar.  The bar tender was a pretty cool guy.  But I shouldn't have let him get my guard down... because this place was beyond sub par.

Look - you don't expect a lot out of a hibachi place, normally.  It's more about entertainment.  But part of that entertainment is enjoying the time with the people you're sitting around the grill with.  This place was too packed in to be comfortable.  The chef didn't make any attempt to get people to interact.  The food was Chinese buffet quality.  The drink servers were completely non-existent.  And the food was stupidly expensive.  

Wouldn't go back if my meal was paid for.  (... and by the way... it was.)
Came here on a whim on a Sunday night around 7:30pm.  We were seated within about 10 minutes of walking in, the other diners at our table were very friendly.  Our drinks were better than I was expecting (long island iced tea and a mai tai) - ~$7/each.  The salad dressing is AMAZING.. they should bottle it and sell it!  

We ordered a sushi app, I think it was the crunchy philadelphia roll, it definitely hit the spot, we nearly licked the plate.


Fried rice was good, but it definitely needed the sauce that they put out for you.  I ordered the shrimp for the hibachi dinner, and it was a HUGE helping, so I was able to take about 10-15 shrimp home.  

I woud definitely suggest this place, the view was really pretty of the Delaware, it's almost entirely glass windows all the way around!
This place is pretty much like every other Hibachi steak house around, except their vegetables aren't as good. I think it's great for special occasions or kids who will get a kick out of having the chef cook right in front of them. I try to talk the hubby in to going here for the early-bird special because you can usually get the filet mignon and shrimp for like $15! That's all I need to know!

It's amazing they are still open cause you can't really tell it's even there thanks to the huge Dave & Buster's sign/place in front. Walk through the parking garage to the elevators in the back to get in.

Special Note: The view is amazing- try to get the corner table!
Pros: Food was OK. Nice little show if you have never done hibachi before. And that is where it ends.

Cons: Super shady location. Looks like an old hotel or old people home they converted but still has a musty smell (However, nice view of the river). Hostess was dressed in sneakers and running shorts. Sat at a table with obnoxiously drunk people (I suggest going with a group so you don't have to sit with random people). Our chef said maybe 2 words to us and didn't put on much of a show like other places.

Save you're money for somewhere better.
Located in the same building as  Dave and Busters  you can easily miss this hidden gem. 
We entered through the parking structure, took the elevator up and was amazed at the size of this place.

We were greeted by beautiful young ladies who asked if we want dining room or grill.  They informed us that they would call us to be seated and we could wait in the bar area.

The layout is a little choppy.  The bar area was up 3 little stairs and to the right.  This area was very spacious  with tables and chairs, cozy booths and of course a bar.  There is also space for live entertainment.  

The grill area was to the left.  Down three steps (watch your step)  and there was about 3-4 grills.  We were seated with 2 other groups and waited.  

Of course the chef made the wait worth our while.  He was energetic, funny and entertaining.  We really
 enjoyed watching him.

Overall a good  experience.  One thing I didn't like was how the hostess included the tip as if we were a party of 8 when there was only 3 of us.

Also the food although it was very fresh it seemed to be missing something but that could be me comparing it to other hibachi places.
When you visit a hibachi establishment, not only do you expect good food, but you also expect to be entertained.  Center City hibachi options are very limited, so we decided to give this place a shot for Tom's birthday.  The location on the waterfront is really beautiful - it's located a bit farther out over the pier and you can see the river in all directions.  Especially stunning at sunset!

SERVICE: Being seated was a bit of a debacle.  We had a reservation for 7:00, and they were sure to remind me when calling to confirm, that if all members of our party were not present 10 minutes after our reservation time, that we would be considered a walk in.  Because of this, we were sure to be punctual.  In spite of this, we still had to wait for other parties to arrive in order to fill our hibachi table and we weren't sitting and ordering drinks until closer to 7:30.  We weren't in a rush so it wasn't a huge issue, but worth mentioning.

Our hibachi chef was fun and gave us a great show.  Exactly what you would expect from a hibachi experience.  Our server was also pleasant and was around just enough to make sure our beverages were full.

The owner (?) came to our table after our meal to let us know we were welcome to stick around after our meal to watch the fireworks from the restaurant.  I thought this was a nice gesture!

FOOD:  The ginger dressing that comes with the house salad is magical.  It transforms otherwise unmemorable iceberg lettuce and cucumbers into something really delicious!  The fried rice is also really good.

I ordered the shrimp and scallops and thought all of my entree was overcooked.  It's hard to multitask grilling seafood and other meats (steak, chicken) but I was a little disappointed.  Probably wouldn't order seafood hibachi here again.

Overall, a good dining experience but I've had better hibachi (food-wise) elsewhere in the burbs.  Great view, though!
So much fun for a big party. Gorgeous location (view is best at night). 

The California Rolls are great! The "show" is funny and a great icebreaker when sitting with strangers. No matter how many times I go I always have a good time. The Chefs are all talkative and funny and always have something new to show us. 

The only thing I could complain about is that you dont have much room to place your plates if you are having an appetizer and your salad and your rice has been given to you already. It kinda feels like you must eat quickly in order to have space for your meal.
Went in late July '13 and the air conditioner was broken. They did not say anything when we walked in about it and we eventually had to ask after ordering our drinks to see if we can sit in another area of the restaurant that didn't make us break a sweat. The waitress was kind about it, and we decided to stay for the food.

All you can eat sushi: They allow you to pick 4 at a time, but it is all you can eat for $25. Pretty good deal if you think about it! But you can't share with another person who isn't paying for the same deal.

Chicken teriyaki: Love that they give such a hearty amount of chicken AND vegetables. A little salty though.

The view: Our party sat by the window looking out to the Ben Franklin Bridge at night and it was gorgeous! The bridge's lights were on (since it was a weekend) and you can see the boats as they pass along. Loved the view more than anything else.

Unfortunately, the July heat and lack of any notice before we were seated made quite a bit of an impression because we were incredibly uncomfortable eating because it was so hot. Maybe next time it will be a better experience.
I love eating at Hibachi. The funniest part is when the chef is cooking and when he plays shrimp toss and u have to catch the shrimp in your mouth. I love their rice and their Steak and Shrimp and their chicken and fliet milgon is good too. The salad and the dressing is good too. I love when your looking at the view outside especially since we went there at night we saw the and the lights on the bridge it was sooo cool. It was pretty cool that my friend ate there and she had a good time. :o)
Hidden away in the parking lot of Dave & Buster's (yea, I know that sounds weird). But the restaurant is gorgeous and right on the water.

I think this is one of the better Hibachi steak houses I've been too.

The restaurant is large and there is even a Koi pond with a bridge. The views are all-around. Their ginger dressing for the house salad is so incredible you should ask for two.

And the steak and meats are really good great and the whole dinner awesome. A little pricey, though.
On your first visit--be warned: you might be confused as to how to even GET to the restaurant. It is accessible by a bank of elevators in the far southeast corner of the ground floor level of the parking structure UNDER Dave & Buster's. You are not walking into a dark parking garage on a foggy night to your doom - I promise.

On a Wednesday night the place was pretty dead, but we were a large group of 12, so it didn't feel strange. We took over their bar, and when all of our party had arrived were lead to our hibachi grill. Our chef was fun and talented and our waiter had a great sense of humor. The food was very fresh, steaks cooked perfectly, portions filling and the prices were pretty good. We had the corner grill seats looking out at the water and bridge -- except the night was so foggy that the bridge vanished halfway across the river and New Jersey was just gone (not necessarily a bad thing?) but the view obviously would've been spectacular on most any other night!

Having parking there is great to lure friends into the city who are not confident in their parallel parking/hunting for a spot abilities is a great plus! Spotless bathrooms for the win!
If my night at this spot was an episode of a TV show it would be titled "Side Eye," because there were plenty of these abound. We were a party of 6 for my dad's birthday. My sister made reservations over the phone and they stressed that our reservation would only be held for an additional 15 minutes.  Cool! Excited to see some chopping action and feast our lives away, we happily gave our hostess our name.  She then handed us a little buzzer a la Red Lobster and told us to wait in the lounge.  Huh?  But what about that strict reservation policy? Side Eye. Reluctantly we headed to the lounge AKA a large room with dirty unoccupied tables and a  band with an uninterested lead singer. 

We had reservations to see a show after dinner, so we were getting a bit worried and annoyed that our buzzer didn't go off.  After about 20 minutes past our reservation time, my sisters went to go talk to the hostess who apparently spewed some nonsense out of her mouth. Side Eye.  A few minutes later our buzzer went off and our hostess lead us to the communal table and grill.  My dad walks with a cane and takes his good 'ol time ambulating.  As she waited for my dad, she looked like she wanted to cut my dad and beat him with his own cane.  Once we were settled, I was prepared to here a long vast greeting and perhaps be guided on how to order.  Instead all the hostess uttered was "Enjoy." What? That's it? You were that impatient for just one word? Double Side Eye.

Our chef must have been friends with the band because he too was uninterested.  The primary reason you go to these restaurants is for the action.  He did the bare minimum. Every time he flipped a shrimp into one of our mouths, I could tell he wished it was a nail.  My man gave serious internal Side Eye.  

The bathroom was a bit of a mess too.  It was a pretty disappointing experience.  This place really deserves 2 stars but the view at night of the city skyline and the Benjamin Franklin Bridge is sick.  Also, the food is pretty good and you get a bang for your buck.  

Side Eye.
They played us yall. Came here for my anniversary. I reserved a table for 2 at 10pm, because that was the only time they had available. And when I called--I specifically asked the lady if the food would be cooked in front of us. She said "oh yeah, definitely"...VERBATIM. She said we had a 10 minute cushion of time after 10, and then our reservation would be canceled. Perfect! We arrived at like 10:05, and got seated with another couple at like 10:15. My hubby and I were so excited seeing the other tables being entertained by the chefs, we couldn't wait to be next. 

The waitress came by to take our orders. I'm not thinking much of it, i'm thinking she's just making it easier for the chef that will be cooking for us. I ordered a strawberry daiquiri and hubby ordered a cranberry juice. Our drinks arrived, and i swear to goodness--this was the first time i've ever had a nasty strawberry daiquiri. Idk what they put in it, it just wasn't sweet. Hubby's cranberry juice was watered down so much. 

45 minutes later, 15 minutes before closing--they arrive with our plates. We were so confused about what happened, asked the waiter and she said "yeah we only cook for people who made reservations and we stop cooking in front of ppl when we're closing". But Miss Ma'am, we made reservations for 10! Like what do you mean? I brought that up to her and all she said was "oh, sorry." Maybe this wouldn't have left a sour taste in my mouth if the food was good, but half the food was cold and the whole plate was overly drenched in a sweet sauce. The rice was so mushy yall. 

I feel so played by this establishment. I'll give it .5 stars for the view.
DO NOT EAT!!!! This used to be our go to spot. It's was Filthy as the street. DISGUSTING! The ladies room was so filthy, my mother had to clean it with paper towel and the 1 pump of soap so that my little girls could use it. The sink has been clogged for ten years! The filth on the floor, black grease and slippery surfaces all over the floor. The exhaust over the grill smelled like sewage. The window sill where the silver vents are were filled with black grease and dirt. I am calling the health department and L&I. If the outter appearance is that gross, IMAGINE THE KITCHEN. I asked for soy sauce, got some will old sauce on it. And the cook was inexperienced and server was Arrogant.
I'm an avid fan of Japanese cuisine and this place was a disappointment. To begin my rant, the place was hard to find. For those of you who are wondering, it's behind the parking lot of D&B. In addition, we had to pay $11 dollars just to park inside the lot and find this place. The place is pretty nice as it was being renovated. They have a great view (especially at night time, not sure how it is when the sun is out) you can see the bridge light up. 

As for the food, it was a complete disappointment. We ordered sushi, maki and sashimi, and it was as bland as cardboard. The special rolls we ordered were pretty much drenched in spicy mayo sauce that my appetite went away after a couple of pieces.The hibachi food was almost the same as everything else - bland. As someone stated before they use the same sauce for everything that I just lost it after a couple of bites. The hibachi show that the chef did was pretty amazing, it was probably the only thing worth paying for. 

Conclusion:
-food sucks and very pricey!!! You are basically paying $30+ dollars for a dish you can make yourself at home and maybe even better!!
So I've never actually been here for a regular dinner, but I did ring in the new year here, and I must say it was a fabulous night! And I'm pretty sure it was the best deal in town for New Years eve. For $100, there was an open bar from 8-1am with all the best liquors, also a buffet, DJ, and wonderful view of the fire works.  The service was fabulous and a great time was had by everyone there. What I tried of the food was very good, and definitely warrants a visit on a regular night for dinner.  This was a great experience and I will likely book again for next year!
The service was good. 
Chef Kong was awesome. Very very nice and funny
Food : The best dressing ever (that came with meal/salad) 
    Sushi was fresh and tasty
    The fried rice is addicting!!!! 
Great food overall

Early bird specials are a steak!! Before 5:30 on Saturday, you get a New York strip, chicken, shrimp rice salad. 19.95

Dessert: fried ice cream is great. Extremely big portion enough to feed 2-3 people
Cheesecake is good. Gives you two slices. The raspberry sauce on too is good just very sweet

I had a Malibu bay breeze and was delicious!!!
Overall great place and will go back. 
Ps the view is beautiful
After racking my brain of where to take my sister for dinner ,after an unsuccessful attempt of dining at a BYOB at 9:30pm on a Sunday night, somehow we ended up at Hibachi.  We were actually going to go to Benihana, but I was not really in the mood to drive to Jersey so a friend suggested Hibachi. 

Here's the Star Rating Run-down:

-5 stars for the view!  Was totally not expecting to get a spectacular view of the Ben Franklin bridge/Philly.  
-4 stars for the service/hibachi chefs--very friendly
-2 stars for the food.  While the presentation was pretty, most of the meats were tough (chicken/steak),  and the veggies and rice were just decent.  The shrimp was probably the best food of the night, as it was perfectly cooked.   I think other diners must have felt the same way about the food in general as I overheard "Eh...it's okay" and lots of food was left behind.  

I think the funniest part of the night was my sister who took 10 minute breaks during the meal to watch the Knicks vs. Lakers game at the bar.  I laughed from afar as I listened to her get into Kobe Bryant feuds with the wait staff who were done with their shifts for the night.  Obviously, the game outshined her dining experience.     

Despite the awesome view and good service, the food is mediocre at best and overpriced. I would not be in a hurry to return to this place.  I think I would only go if a friend was having a birthday party there--and I would order shrimp fried rice to save myself money and disappointment.  If you want decent Hibachi I think it may be worth the trip to Jersey to go to Benihana-but then again, that Benihana is not the best either. Anyone know where a girl can get some good chopped-up grilled meat?
Went there for my birthday.  We had a large party and they told us that we would not be seated until the whole party arrived, so make sure your people aren't late.  

When we arrived (all on time) they didn't have our table ready.  I was fine with this because they gave us all free drinks and appetizers in the bar area.  

The dinner was ok, in my experience the food at hibachi places is always pretty similar and so is the "show" while cooking it.  I ordered the shrimp and chicken combo.  It was cooked and seasoned well, and the fried rice was good too.  

I ordered the volvano drink, it was gigantic and on fire.  It is basicly a rum drink with fruit juice.  

For dessert they made me a banana ice cream dish that was really good.  (My friend also made me a awesome birthday cake that shot cupcakes across the room, www.facebook.com/itscake1).  

The lounge singer that they had in the bar was pretty cool, she sang happy birthday to me.  The whole place was extremely accomidating and made my party one to remember. 

The place is sort of loud, but the accustics seem to keep your tables noise away from others.  I think we were being pretty loud, and when I got up from our table I could tell others were being loud, but you couldn't really hear other tables' conversations much.  

All in all, I had a blast at this hibachi place, I would recommend it for similar parties and gatherings, but it is not someplace that I would go for a regular dinner, the food just does not warrant the prices.
Mixed feeling about this place.  If I could, I'd rate it a 3.5, but I went with a 4 rather than a 3 because I think it has one of the best deals in Philly.  $25 all you can eat sushi is unbeatable.  And not only can you order sushi but you can get soups, salads, fried rices or noodles (with meat), or edamame as well.  I ordered a soup, salad, noodles, shrimp skewers, 2 basic sushi rolls, and 2 fancier sushi rolls and only spend $25!  I'm sorry but if you find another place in Philly that can pull that off please let me know.  (I posted a picture of my plate of sushi) Now I'm not going to say it was the best sushi in the world but it was enjoyable and in no way bad.  

And if you're eating that much food you need a drink.  Try the volcano! This enormous bowl of tropical goodness is the perfect way to kick off a night on the town.  It's meant for two, but I'm sure some of you could handle the whole thing on your own.  

If you want hibachi I can't speak to that.  I sampled some of my fiance's but we didn't sit at the hibachi tables so its just not the same.  You will probably need a reservation for that on a weekend.  The rest of the restaurant doesn't get that crowded tho.  

Moral of the story: If you're craving sushi and think you're man enough, get the all you can eat and pig out!  You're literally guaranteed to get you're money's worth.  And why not wash it all down with a volcano.  You'll leave full and happy.
Wouldn't  waste your time or money.... I've heard mixed reviews about this place the last couple of years, but only now, decided to go there last night with the wife and two close friends. I'll explain from beginning to end. 
To start , we had reservations for 4 at 8pm, what a nightmare it is to find parking in the Dave & Busters parking lot!!! We drove around for 20 minutes, so as we were looking for parking, I called the hibachi to let them know that we would be about 10inutes late, they say- "no problem at all". So we walk in, i give my name to the young girl at the front, she instructs us to go stand in a general waiting area near the bar. Another 20 minutes we are waiting there being ignored. Finally my friend finds an employee, who magically gets up seated, apparently we weren't seated at first because we didn't specify that we wanted sushi, I don't know what difference that makes. This place can't get their stuff together. 
We finally get to our seat right by the window that is over looking the right and the Ben Franklin bridge, very nice to look at, the only problem was, you weren't able to even have a normal conversation at a normal volume because to our left, we have a hipster band at the bar, and then to our right, was a birthday party in which it sounded like jungle drums thumping in our ears!! Some female employee, comes up to us and gives us our menus, after sitting there for 10 minutes without a waiter. My friend and I did the all you can eat sushi for $26, and the ladies had a stir fry chicken dish which was tasty, and a spider roll, also tasty. Before and meal came out,  the ladies were to receive each a salad. Only one salad came out at first, then 10 minutes later, the other, it was a Simple lifeless salad, iceburg lettuce and honey mustard dressing ( seriously)... At this point, we still have not received our drinks, a glass of wine, and 3 glasses of water. We had to keep asking.  
Finally the sushi comes out, along with out water. The sushi lacked any type of fancy display on the plate. It was just all bunched together. As we were eating the sushi, it seemed to lack taste, and was a little on the warm side, but it was ok. My wife who never had sushi, asked to taste a piece of a California roll, as she's still chewing it, the waiter, rudely runs over, and starts chastising me for sharing my sushi. He says, "sir! I must tell you RIGHT NOW, that you are not allowed to share all you can eat sushi". Not very professional at all. He was like a sushi nazi.  On our second helping of sushi, my friend and I ordered two cups of miso soup along with his sushi and my one eggroll from the sushi menu. The sushi comes out, but no soup, and no eggroll. We tell the waiter, and he runs back and grabs an eggroll that was small, and shriveled up like a cats turd. It was horrible. I didn't eat it. Them they bring the soup finally. And once again we had to beg for more water, and they never asked if my friends lady wanted another glass of wine. Sheewwwwwww!
Now the check comes, no offer of dessert, just the check, which came to $111 and some off cents. We were rather perplexed as to why our check was so much. After examining it, we see that they expose an almost 18% tip for themselves. Now look, I understand that when it's a big party, but for four people, and for the service we received.  
This place may have been one of the most horrible places we have ever been to. On top of it all, I was extremely sick from the sushi, without getting into details, I was sick all night, and very close to going to the hospital. So if you're thinking about going to this hibachi, I would think twice, and for the money, you can go some place else where you won't almost get dead from the food.
I walk in and I'm approached informally by a woman who looked like she just left a rap concert asking me what do I need. After realizing it was the hostess I told her I would like to eat and she put me at a table. It took 20 minutes for the chef to come out, and when he finally starts to cook after waiting that 20 minutes, they bring out the salad and soup. I had to ask for my table to cleared several times and had to flag down the waiter several more for water. No waiters ever came to the table to check on us while we were eating. And when it was finally time to leave it was next to impossible to get the check. All of that and a $80 tab, the food was average at best, and that's being nice. Save yourself time and money and find someplace else. Thank god I'm only here for business and never have to see this place again. It was so bad I had to make a Yelp account.
My bf suggested going here on our first date a couple of years ago. I had a good experience because I was with my future bf lol. We went for the hibachi style dinning. It was fun watching the cook do special tricks but that was it, the food was nothing special.
An automatic gratuity of 20% was included in my bill when I only had 2 people in my party. The waitress claimed that it was "post covid" gratuity charge. We were not informed of this at the beginning of our meal. It is a sneaky thing to do. Also, I do not believe she deserved any tip amount because of her terrible service. The food was okay. It is not worth the prices they charge.
A few weeks ago was my first time at Hibachi, which is surprising to myself and my friends. But I am so glad I tried it out. I was craving sushi and my friend suggested to go here as he wanted chicken teriyaki. When we arrived, we were asked if we wanted a private table or the show. Being my first time there, I definitely wanted the show. I ordered the hibachi roll as well as the chicken and shrimp teriyaki and the teriyaki came with soup, salad and rice which definitely made the price, worth it. Our server ended up being my friend's classmate back in high school and he was nothing but accommodating to the both of us. He recommended the fried ice cream to us, on the house which I would have never tried if he didn't do so. I'm usually full from the meal to even look at the dessert, but I'm so glad we got to try it. I ate every last bite. It was a delicious and wonderful experience.
We settled on this place after we couldn't think of some place to go after being at Dave & Buster's (which is right next door.) We wandered in on a Saturday night at around 7:30 pm and were seated within about 20 minutes of arriving. 

The place has wonderful views, since it's right on the river. The hibachi section of the restaurant was packed, however, looking at the other sections it was pretty bare minimum, which was surprising. 

We had a good experience at this place. The chef who cooked our meal was nice and funny. The food was what you expect of a hibachi place. I went with 2 other vegetarians and the chef was nice enough to cook their meals first so it wasn't contaminated with the other meat. We also got some sushi rolls from their bar, which were also excellent. 

Overall, if I was in Philly again and wanted hibachi, I would go back.
I enjoy myself each and every time I go here.  I've been to the other location in Jenkintown but this is much better because this one is more modern and the view overlooking the water is superb!  I love it.

The chefs are entertaining, the waiters are great the food is good and you get your money's worth. They also split the bill however you like it so its great when your with a big party.
I have gone to the Hibachi grill for several years now.  It used to be an incredible experience, sure it was a long meal, but the service was such that you received your drinks right away and didn't mind waiting.  Today was a different story entirely.  I arrived for a 7:30 PM reservation and while seated, was not approached by a waiter for thirty minutes.  When we finally did get a chef at the table, he forgot one woman's order.  The process of getting the check just felt so loooong.  While the food is good, it's just not worth the sub-par service.
We headed here for all-you-can-eat sushi. At $25 per person even on a Saturday night, it's a good deal. 

The place is difficult to find. It's above Dave and Buster's but the signage in the parking garage is nonexistent.  

I've always been surprised at how not packed the restaurant is even on a weekend. Seriously Sat night at 8 and well over half the place was empty?! We did wait for about 15 minutes but that seemed to be because they only sit guests at the hibachi grills.

The only downside-they didn't bring out half of what we ordered and never came back to see if we wanted more which does kinda defeat the purpose of AYCE.  Luckily, I was stuffed anyways.

This is not my first choice for sushi in the city but it is a cheap choice for AYCE and much easier to get a table on a Saturday night.
Went there for Hibachi and it was ok. When you order the combos, they use almost the same sauce for all of the meat and seafood, so everything just tasted like it was dipped in a sweet, almost-teriyaki, soy sauce.  It was nothing special. Even the fried rice had the same sort of soy sauce taste. We liked our chef though - he had a good sense of humor and made it a pretty good dining experience. I caught the shrimp!

At our table that night, there was a couple on their first date. I definitely DON'T recommend going here on a first date. It's hard to converse, not to mention that you're sitting with a table full of strangers. I mean, don't you want to answer the question "if you could go anywhere in the world, where would it be?" at a nice cozy restaurant instead? seriously, i was awful listening to their awkward first date convo. i'll bet that's their first and only date.
Took her parents out for 30th anniversary there. Made reservations, and after a few frozen drinks on South St we could not wait to fill up on some food.

The first thing to notice is that the parking situation is not the best ( $10 to park in garage ) If you are lucky enough to find some street parking then go for it. Once inside the place is very classy. 

Food was great, ordered the filet mignon and could not find one thing to complain about. The chef was great and entertaining.
Took a business associate here for dinner on a Sunday evening.

Pros - nice location with a great view of the Ben Franklin Bridge.  Our hibachi artist had  style and a friendly personality.  The fried rice was outstanding.  All of the grilled meat and seafood was on-point.  The food was not overseasoned (a criticism of other hibachi joints that left my GI system in shambles).

Cons - the hibachi grill area can get bombed with tourist junkets that suck away attention from smaller groups.  For example, we sat at the bar to wait for a table.  The bartenders were pre-occupied with the large groups and it took them 5 minutes to greet us.  The bartenders lacked personality and were standoffish.
Dinner tonight was pretty terrible. First, our table was packed with so many chairs that no one could comfortably sit without rubbing elbows with their neighbor. Second, the place is super grimy and everything looks and feels like it's coated with grease. Third and most importantly, our chef prepared raw chicken next to, and on top of, the other entrees and sides. I cringed every time he cut up the raw chicken and proceeded to flip the shrimp with the same utensil seconds after. The noodles and zucchini were the best things on the plate but everything else was severely lacking in flavor. A person in my party had no silverware and tried to get the attention of a waitress. She looked at him directly and decisively turned and walked away. This place was a big no for me.
If I can give zero stars I would. Was told 35 min wait for my table of 7, left to gather my party came back 10 mins later and they told me they couldn't take us at all because they never actually wrote down my name on waitlist and have no tables available. Hosts are very rude and complaining about their managers and their jobs infringe off guests and the supervisors completely unwilling to help/ provide the customer service you expect at a Japanese restaurant. Save your self the stress of parking, walking, waiting and pick a different restaurant.
Meh...nothing overwhelmingly special.

If you've been to one Hibachi place, this place is no different.  It is pretty TIGHT in the seats.  So, if you're claustrophobic, or just wide, you might have some problems fitting at a table.  

The prices?  Not expensive, but not really all that good.  You're mostly paying for the "show".  So, like I said before, if you've seen the Hibachi show before, you're not really seeing much, if anything, new.
About 40 minutes after we ordered, the manager came over and said that they had forgotten to put our order in and had just done so.  The fried rice could have come from a mall food court, nothing special at all. The dessert had a piece of plastic in it from the kitchen- at any other restaurant they probably would have split the ($80!!) check with us, or even given us the meal for free (we'd been there two hours, just two of us, by the time we got all of our food and were done.)  but no- they thought they were being generous by offering us 15% off the bill.  

TERRIBLE customer service.
How can you go wrong with someone setting your table on fire? The chefs are entertaining, the food is good, and it's pretty quick service, too. There's ample parking in the garage, and it's right next to Dave & Buster's, should you need some after entertaining dinner entertainment. The best part is the view out the window of the water--very pretty at night! Like any Hibachi restaurant, it's a great place to go with a group, or you can just join other couples at a table. I like going here about once a year--it somehow never gets old!
I was there last night for a banquet. There were people under age so they gave the people over 21 green bracelets, I am over 21 so I had one, the women who mops the floor took my drink from me right out of my hand. as I pleaded with her showing her my bracelet she looked right at me and said I don't care and threw it in the trash. 
They have people who walk around the dance floor mopping up spilled drinks. As the night went on they seemed to be getting tired because they were dragging wet mops behind them as they walked around looking for spills. I unfortunately slipped and fell and bruised my arm really badly. I called today to complain and the manager was less than sympathetic. He defended his employee and her rude behavior and claimed the people with the mops were just drying the spills. Drying... With a wet mop... By dragging them around. 
Shout out to Sharneda. You owe me $7.
I went here for an event, not a private dinner, so this is a review of their catering capacity more than the regular restaurant. 

Amazing views of the waterfront/Camden. Lovely interior (if only one didn't have to walk by Dave & Busters to get there!). 

The dinner was a buffet, which included salmon that was beyond divine. Excellent service, lovely appetizers too.
Visit: 12/31/2009 - 1/1/2010 - New Year's Party

We chose Hibachi Japanese Steak House & Sushi Bar to celebrate New Year's Eve 2009 / New Year's 2010. With that said, this is not a typical review of the restaurant, but the New Year's Eve bash they have each year, as the food was buffet-style and not hibachi (and included more than the typical dinner).

The very reasonably priced $100/person event included sushi roll appetizers, four-hour open bar starting at 8pm, music w/ live DJ, buffet dinner w/ dessert, and champagne at midnight. Even included some free party gear (i.e. noise makers and party hats). [For those unfamiliar with Philadelphia, $100/person is dirt cheap for any special occasion, let alone NYE!]

Located on Penn's Landing, it goes without saying that this restaurant has got a good view. However, it was not as close to the midnight fireworks show as I would have liked (see my photos).

The food was very good in my opinion and selection was also good, with several different sushi roll appetizers, 6-8 or so entrees to choose from and a few different desserts (though mostly cheesecake).

Drink selection was good, with all the normal beers and some Asian imports, a few wines, and most classic mix drinks (though they could not make mojitos since they did not have mint leaves, wtf?). No real room to complain really, as the four-hour open bar was worth the $100 per person cost alone. It was also the main reason I chose this place :). However, the constant line was kind of a pain but this was outweighed by the fact that gratuity was included in the cost (even so, there was a tip jar that I donated to heavily for the first few drinks.. then I got stingy when I realized the wait was the same either way lol).

Ambiance is nice (dimly lit), though nothing fancy.

Service was great and definitely above average. Wait staff was very nice (especially given they were celebrating their New Year's Eve working) and appetizers were kindly offered by servers throughout the beginning hours of the celebration.

For $100 per person given everything that comes with it, this place is an excellent choice for New Year's Eve, but I would recommend it for groups as opposed to a romantic celebration because this is not that.

4.25 / 5 stars as this place was fantastic for NYE's, but only if you intend to go in a group.
I hadn't been here in years so I was well overdue in visiting again. 

The cooking theatrics are amusing and fun but typical. I wanna see a chef do something other than the onion volcano or tossing food into the top of his chef hat or the egg trick! Let me see them throw the meat up in the air and season it as it's falling...or better yet have two chefs doing tricks together at the stove to increase the difficulty. Something!

Anyway, my starter salad, my order of the house sake, and my bowl of veggie fried rice were excellent. My order of shrimp and veggies were good but the chicken and steak were chewy and a bit overcooked.

This place is huge and the view of the Ben Franklin Bridge is great. I would consider this place a good date idea but not the best idea budget-wise.
Went there with few friends, food was cheap (too saucy), fried rice was mostly only rice, the decor is poor, only the entertainment was great (that's why the two stars).
My friends never tasted a real hibachi, so they didn't complain. But their food made my stomach upset, it's like Chinese truck food.
There's no such thing as a good hibachi in Philadelphia.
Yikes bad date place.  I thought I was going to get mugged walking through the parking lot of Dave & Buster's to the "back elevator" to find the restaurant.  Once I got inside I really I couldn't tell which was worse... the date or the food.  Maybe it was the company... I guess the food was just ok... but then again the shrimp almost went between my... um... well not in my mouth. The only reason to go back would be the view of the water front.  Too expensive for the quality.
The location is a bit odd and hard to find. It's not a place I'd walk to alone at night. The first time I went here there were some spiders on the windows (ew) and the bathrooms weren't very clean. This is a big deal considering I take public transit from Jersey and usually use restrooms at restaurants.

Having gone here twice, the food was not consistent. The first time, it was amazing, but the second time we had a different chef and the sauce on both the rice and the meat was overpowering. They could have been faster about refilling bar drinks, but they always made sure we had water. They serve Shirley Temples which is a plus in my book.

The quality of the meat is higher than at other hibachi places. The fried rice quality varies. The view is amazing. I would recommend this pace for a date or if you like meeting other people. It's also great for groups. They have reasonable early bird specials as well. I'll go back again and give it another shot.
Our food wasn't very impressive. Considering there were 4 tables TOTAL, we would have liked to see a server more often. My server didn't know the menu, and also brought me the wrong sushi. We sat at a table because only one hibachi was open at 7:30, and it was for a private party. Way overpaid. Some things listed on the menu didn't come with your entree if you weren't at the hibachi, which actually affected the way we ordered, so a disappointment was imminent. BUT- our dishes were loaded with meat. I think I got the shrimp teriyaki or something to that effect, and legit had over 30 shrimp in it. Overall unimpressive meal, though, and not everything we ordered or was listed n the menu came to us... but our server was never around for us to ask her about it.

Also, good luck finding reasonable parking. We parked on a dirt mound up the hill.
Came here as a party of 7 for my sister's 19th birthday last night. Ran a little late for our 7:30 reservation, but, we were quickly accommodated within 15 minutes. 

This time around there was no issues with the service. We had a waiter this go and our hibachi cook was great. 

I had the soft shell crab as an appetizer and got scallops terriyaki as my main course in addition to sampling a bit of everything including sushi and a handful of other appetizers being passed around our table. Quality as before. 

I will say their portions are huge. I literally got like 20 scallops. Leftovers are never a bad thing, though. 

Bill came to about $490+tip which also includes cocktails, beer, sodas, and cheesecake. 

Definitely looking forward to my 3rd visit.
I love this place!!!! Everytime i have been there the service has been great and the food has been great! It sure beats all the corner chinese food places in philly. The rice taste soo good and fresh. I love the teriaki sauce that they use. 

The only thing i would like is to change up the tricks a bit. but besides that im a happy camper when im there
We had a reservation for 8:30pm and weren't seated until 8:50pm. While many parties that were there after us were being seated. They just asked us to wait and didn't offer us the option of grabbing a drink at the bar. 

Once we were finally seated we placed out orders and received our salad with my absolute favorite dressing...as we took our first few bites everything was great...little did we know a woman at our table had a GLOVE in her salad. A FULL GLOVE (video attached). 

We discussed our sanitary concerns with the manager who wasn't willing to do much at first. First he offered a round of drinks which no one was willing to take. The next was to take off 5$ on each persons meal as well as free appetizers for my party. The compensation certainly was not enough for me to ever recommend this place or go back to this place again. Steer clear of these terrifying health violations.
went with a group on a regular Saturday night out.
pros:
-food was really good, they do give you alot
-chef was awesome!
-nice, fun atmosphere
-not too expensive but still more than avg.
cons:
-the whole reservation process. we reserved for a party of 8 and while waiting for our party to arrive the hostess kept telling us we only had a 10 min "grace period" and had to wait for our entire party to arrive or we'd get booted. kinda crazy, IMO. give me a break. it wasn't all that busy.
-parking, it's $11 and confusing since after you park you have to search through to find the one and only hibachi entrance.

all in all, I'll go back for sure. more good than bad.
Took a co-worker here for her goodbye party! I will also be saying goodbye to this place.  Hibachi is a poorly maintained excuse for a hibachi steak house.  The food was dried out and overdone.  The fried rice our chef made was a grease ball, steak was well done cardboard and the scallops were rubbery and rancid tasting.  For the price they charge (and forcing tip) plus having to pay for parking ($15 if you don't spend the coupon you get at D&B) this makes this place a terrible deal all around.  The one thing you do get is an awkward view of randos at your table and a mediocre view of the Ben Franklin.

You're better off getting re-heated food at D&B, at least you can try to win back some dignity in prizes and video games.
If I'm not mistaken, this Hibachi is under the same ownership as the one at the Pavilion in Jenkintown; though this location, given that it's on the waterfront, is a bit more upscale, at least per my impression upon entering.  A friend and I came in for dinner one summer evening before going to the movies, and we were seated around a Hibachi table soon after our arrival.  The food hit the spot and as expected, the Hibachi chef put on a great show.  For what we paid (a steak, shrimp, and chicken combo with salad, rice, and veggies), we definitely got our money's worth and parted with leftovers.  We returned a few months later on a Monday afternoon to get our Hibachi fix, but much to our dismay, their Monday hours didn't start until dinner!  Either way, I highly recommend the Penn's Landing Hibachi for a fun and entertaining dinner with a lovely view of the river.
Was in town visiting Philly from NY. I've heard GREAT things about this place and was extremely disappointed. The location of this place is actually beautiful, and the restaurant is pretty big. We came around 830-ish and we were seated with a large party rather quickly. Our waiter ( I believe his name was teppan but don't quote me on that ) took our drink orders and food orders, nonetheless he was AMAZING and very attentive. What pissed me off was the food and our chef. Everybody knows the point of hibachi is for the experience and the show, if I wanted to order Japanese food without a show I would do takeout. I ordered the salmon and chicken hibachi dinner and my cousin order the tilapia and chicken dinner. Our chef WAS NOT entertaining/engaging at all. He was very dry right along with his chicken. The chicken was horrible and our table interaction was extremely quiet, and I couldn't help but hear the other chefs being loud and entertaining with their tables. I looked over and noticed the table in front of us chicken looked tasty and our chicken looked horrible and was horrible! the chicken was barely cooked and he threw some sauce on it.  We also didnt recieve the complimentary shrimp appetizers, because they were flung on the floor since none of the kids could catch them.The salmon was nothing to write home about either. The 3-stars; 1 for our awesome water, 2 for the ambiance of the restaurant and 3 for the accommodating manager who brought us out different chicken from the back. I wouldn't recommend and im not returning. Ill stick to my hibachi restaurants in NYC.
We made a reservation at 6:15. Arrived 5 minutes late, seated an hour late. Hostess was very rude. Served me a beer past its expiration date. The beer costs more at the bar for some reason. Forgot to bring one person's salad. The order the food was cooked in made the vegetables cold. The band was so loud we couldn't hear each other.
Always entertaining.  Great for a fun night out with a big group of people.

I've only ever been here on weeknights so I've never had a problem getting a table but I can imagine that it gets pretty packed Fridays and Saturdays.

It's your standard run-of-the-mill Hibachi food, heavy on the soy sauce but in big portions, and a little overpriced, but I gave it the four stars for the chef's performance.  Particularly the last one we had this week.  Sure, he did the basic egg toss and onion volcano, but with a twist.  He catered to his audience.  

Specifically, after expertly throwing and stacking the rice bowls in his chef hat and then turning the onion volcano into the DeLorean on a path of flames, he then proceeded to squirt water on the volcano with the ole' doll peeing routine to which he said, "It's R.Kelly!"  Needless to say, we cracked up.  

Bartender is on point with the mixed drinks and the view of the Ben Franklin Bridge and river is always a nice touch.

Tip:  parking in the lot here is $11 ($3 of which goes to city parking tax? What the what?!?) but you can get a $5 Dave and Buster's voucher.  A little birdie told me to just go up to the Dave and Buster's bartenders and they'll take the voucher and hand you $5 back.  I haven't tried it, but I'd give it a shot if I just dropped over $100 on a meal for two people.
Totally weird place. No true Philadelphian would ever go to a hibachi that you need to walk through the Dave and Busters parking lot to get to. Regardless of my previous statement I was invited to chaperone a sorority winter formal in their banquet hall. The space was a nice size but it smelled like fish, the view of the beautiful waterfront was pretty much a parking lot with an oil tanker anchored next to it. The only saving grace was the manager was really nice and the bartenders made a string drink.
Fiancé took me here tonight for my birthday.  I had a great time we will definitely come back. Ordered children & shrimp was so tasty very flavorful.  

Long island iced tea was good too not too strong not too sweet

House salad w/that special dressing very good

Fried rice was my favorite
Excellent hibachi! We went here for my boyfriend's birthday. I recommend the flaming volcano drink for 2. The food was delicious and the service was very good. I will be back!
Our group of 10 commandeered a table at the Hibachi Japanese Steak House on a Thursday evening to celebrate a friend's birthday. We decided on this place because there aren't many hibachi choices in Center City. The restaurant is hidden on the same pier as Dave and Busters, with the elevator entrance creepily accessible through the back of the parking garage. We were on time for our reservation, but the grill was being cleaned as we arrived so we killed some time at the bar. The views of the Ben Franklin Bridge are pretty cool. It makes me wish their were more dining opportunities on the Delaware, I digress. 

It was a standard Hibachi experience in terms of food. First, salad with ginger-ish dressing, then fried rice, then entree. Our table's entrees included, chicken, new york strip steak, scallops, and shrimp. Most entrees were Teriyaki and served with broccoli and onions. Sushi is also an option. Dining Partner complained that his scallops tasted fishy, but most everyone else seemed content with the food. I had to remind Dining Partner it wasn't about the food, we came for the show. Chef Richie was especially fun and entertaining, even amping up his usual routine to include some dirty adult jokes which our group loved. We ended our evening with some fried ice cream (they provided a candle) accompanied with a rousing rendition of "Happy Birthday".

This is a fun place to go with kids or a large group of friends to celebrate an occasion. There is limited street parking on Columbus Boulevard, so bring your quarters and cross your fingers, or get ready to shell out $10+ in the garage.
Those 3 stars are actually 3.5 stars.

After a few intense rounds of skee-ball and beer at D&B's on a Thursday night, my husband and I were looking for somewhere a bit nicer for dinner. However, being as lazy as we sometimes are, not having to walk far was a priority. We decided to give Hibachi a try. I admit I didn't have high expectations going in, but I was definitely impressed with our experience.

The location of the entrance is definitely not ideal, but it was still light out so we had no problems finding it. 

We were more in the mood for a quiet dinner than the hibachi show, so we chose a regular table and were seated right away. The non-hibachi area was almost completely empty, and we got a table right by the window. The view was great!

The waiter came within minutes to take our drink order, and he came back quickly with the drinks. We ordered two appetizers- lobster rolls (husband) and miso soup (me). The miso soup was good. The lobster rolls were a bit greasy, and we couldn't tell exactly what was inside them (although it wasn't bad). They were OK overall. We then ordered 4 rolls to share- cucumber; eel, cucumber, avocado; spicy tuna; and the TNT (tuna, avocado, shrimp, cream cheese, roe, tempura). The sushi was really good! It tasted fresh and had great flavor. We were impressed and stuffed.

The dinner felt a bit more expensive than average, and I wouldn't make a point to come back, but it was definitely a tasty experience.
We reserved our seats for 8:00pm for our 15
Wedding Anniversary. Got there at 7 45 and the rude gentleman at the counter told us that we lied about the time of the reservation. He said he had us down for 830. The guy started showing us his diary.... Pathetic ... Sad excuse for a a restaurant.... Paid 15 dollars for parking For nothing. Never going there ever
One word..... Incredible!!! I've been to most the hibachis in this area as well as Delaware. This is hands down the biggest, nicest, best hibachi of them all. The chefs have always been incredible and extremely entertaining as well as personable and the food delicious. They have a stage for live music and some nights it's like a club in there. It's incredible. I'm very picky with food and I love everything I get from here. I love this place and will be going here every time in Philadelphia!
I've dined here several times and thought it was time to write a review. Most times that I've come here, I've left happy, full and if I get a drink, buzzed.
I do wish there were better signs indicating how to get there though; I'm fine finding the place by now, but I think it being so obscure could deter people from giving it a shot. So yes, as another yelper commented, to access it you walk past the Dave and Buster's (going in the opposite direction of traffic on Columbus blvd) and make a left into the ground parking level of Dave and Buster's....then walk allllllll the way down that sketchy trail (boats and water on your right, parking garage on your left) and you'll see a set of old appearing elevators. Take those to the 2nd floor and you'll be at the restaurant. 

The place is rather spacious inside and well kept. It has a bit of a classy feel to it which I like. I've dined there when people were having bachelorette parties, birthday parties and I even witnessed a marriage proposal there! The hibachi side is large and where all the action happens. Most chefs are very talented and the food (especially the fried rice) is usually amazing---very fresh tasting. I don't do the shrimp toss in the mouth thing, but it's still enjoyable to watch others do it. Prices are a little on the higher side (~$20/entrée), but the service and experience are worth it. Oh yea, they also have live music some nights...nothing that I've absolutely loved yet...but I'm sure one day I'll be there on just the right night.
A large hibachi style Japanese restaurant located behind the Dave & Busters in Philadelphia, the parking here is a little annoying on the second level (you have to go to the first level to take an elevator up into the restaurant). Large seating area, and free salsa on certain days on a large open dance floor. View of the Delaware river and the Ben Franklin Bridge. 

The hibachi chefs are fun, they often will give you a second try if you miss the shrimp thrown at you the first time. The hibachi here is, of course, heavily buttered and while they have the regular fun tricks (throwing eggs all over, the flaming onion volcano, and more) the rice and the vegetables are perhaps the best.

There's a sushi bar area and a little mini-river that you cross over to reach the seating.  The entryway has little birds in a glass cage and plenty of seating if you're waiting for your seating and time. They tend not to seat unless you have a majority of your party there.
Ive been here twice first time was amazing 2nd time wasn't as good as first.  Guess every chef does their own thing cooking flavor wise. I've had chicken & shrimp then shrimp & scallops both were good. I had fried noodles they were ok prob wont get again. Long island pretty strong which i like
We celebrated New Years at the Hibachi Japanese Steak House and it was a blast! The started off with food that was incredible and then provided an awesome environment for New Years! They had two dance floors, a photo booth, and a great view of the Penns Landing fireworks! This New Years was a night to remember! I highly recommend this restaurant!
Great experience every time I go. The atmosphere is one of a kind while the food is always delicious. Highly recommend Hibachi!
Tried to make a reservation for 730. They told us they could do 8pm. Then (on the phone) they quickly pushed that back to 830. We agreed. They said, "be here on time or your reservation will be cancelled." Arrived 830. Elevators broken, had to walk the stairs, a jewelery event was going on in the back private room with meek mill blasting; reeked of pot.  Had to wait 30 mins to sit down. Sat down at 9. No one came to our table until 930. Waitress never came back after taking our orders. Empty water glasses the entire meal. Food was average. Service was absolutely awful. What's worse, gratuity was included in the meal so there's no incentive for the staff to be polite or efficient. Avoid at all costs.
If you are local to the area this is a pretty great spot to stop by and grab a bite. I personally like the seating area over to the left more than the hibachi, especially if its less than a few people. Service is ok, everyone is very friendly from what I've seen. The salad dressing is delicious, and they always let me switch out the rice for noodles (my personal favorite). I like the salmon entree which comes with two HUGE pieces of salmon, I always take something home. 

The view is beautiful! Definitely recommend.
This place was a life saver, didn't have a reservation but they were able to accommodate us. I was so thankful after being told I had to wait to 2 hours at Dave &busters.  It was a first date with someone I was just meeting, so things worked out by them seating us with a beautiful view over the water at night. the service was fabulous, they are in full swing with Covid protocols, we had our own table and the chef cooked at another table but so we could still see, things were reasonably priced.  The staff kept checking on us to ensure things were in order.  I will be retuning for another enjoyable night of good food and amazing views.
Service was terrible from beginning to end, just don't go there.  Staff is rude, take it or leave it attitude, no distancing between customers, chef barely talked to us just cooked and left, no interaction. Oh and the best part the couple next to us left without paying so they charged the entire bill to us and then refused to take it of our bill as if they were our responsibility. They offered us free food instead. I refused, will never go back there even if it's free.
Terrible. There are no hibachi spots besides this in the city - to my knowledge. If I'm wrong, please let me know. ANYWAY. My gals and I were craving hibachi. Also - I came here in college and feel like I loved it? Don't quote me there. ANYWAY. Made a ressy for 7. Didn't get seated until 7:30 - took another 30 minutes to get our meal going.

The drink menu is sad. Very sad. 

We ordered egg rolls for appetizer, and the dipping sauce tasted like BLEACH, possibly cyanide, said another diner. We will never know. The food all had a weird taste to it - funky, some may say. The chicken was dry. It just wasn't good. And it was expensive as hell. We were told we got a "small discount" probably cause they knew they were messing up. 

You could definitely pay that price and go to a super nice dinner in the city. Don't even try to get a glass of water. The bathroom was REPULSIVE!!! 

2 stars - 1 for the view and 1 for our cute hibachi chef. Do NOT recommend and WON'T be back.
We had a great time! The view was great. Our chef was very entertaining, which says alot when you are entertaining 5 teens who are used to having their faces in their phones. Everyone enjoyed their food. Combined we had salmon, steak, chicken and shrimp. Dessert was equally delicious! We had the fried icecream and it was nothing like we expected it to be which was great because it was so much better! Overall we had a great time and all of the teens said they enjoyed themselves so it was a win!
I came here for my 9 year old cousin's birthday party for lunch. It's located in the same building as Dave & Busters on the second floor. It seems like a lot of people come for parties and celebrations, and they do seat a ton of people per table, I believe we had around 12. We were one of the first parties seated, and the restaurant smelled like chlorine. At least it's sanitary..? 

They have very affordable lunch specials for big groups, but I have to say you don't really go for the food.. at all. I got the NY strip and shrimp which comes with fried rice and vegetables. The fried rice was probably the best part of the meal. But what you trade in food, you get as a beautiful view of the waterfront and entertaining chefs doing the usual onion volcano, fire flame, and tossing shrimp into your mouth (if you wish). 

The chefs were nice and funny, but the waitress/waiters look like they don't want to be there at all. I would personally not return myself, but if you need a place for small children to be wow'ed, this might be an option.
My group of four had a reservation for 7:30pm. When we checked in we were told to wait by the bar. We arrived at 7:20 so we went to the bar to wait for our reservation time. Sadly, when our time came, we were not seated. We waited another 15 minutes before we went back to the hostess stand to ask when we would be seated. The very kind and polite hostesses told us that it would be another 20 minutes before a table was ready. We ordered drinks at the bar and waited. After the 20 minutes passed, we realized something was really wrong. We went back to the hostess stand where we were told that we should probably go elsewhere because the manager had seated tables before reservations and not communicated to the hostesses about it pushing the existing reservations back. We waited until 8:15 and decided we were all too hungry to wait any longer. I asked to speak to the manager so I could let him know about how disappointed and upset I was, before I took things to a review online, and he said that a large party had just left and they could seat us. At this point I had already made  new arrangements ya and decided I would never spend my money at this establishment. It's a shame that great employees can be stifled by extremely incompetent management. I will NEVER return. I made it a point to communicate to the manager that I would be leaving this review. It's a huge bummer that the manager was unable to communicate to the parties waiting hours for reservations. 

TLDR: don't waste your time coming here or making a reservation because you will get shafted if they get busy.
