I hadn't even had hibiscus in over a year and mostly because there are so many other options in the area now and hibiscus has love a little bit of a history of being slow. Luckily all that changed! 
The food is just as good as I remembered. I ordered the vegan cheesesteak and my wife got the jerk tofu  platter. The food is as good as I remembered it with the texture being just right and the portion size. My wife enjoyed her tofu jerk situation. We also ordered a piece of carrot cake to go. The carrot cake texture just wasn't for me. Overall I still love the food here
As I was walking down Catherine st. In efforts to get to my car. I was intrigued by the rhythmic sounds of reggae music. My curiousity lured me into this wonderful small shop called hibiscus cafe.

Hisbiscus cafe is a vegan as well as health conscious store that sells vegan cheesesteaks, samosas, salmon platters and healthy smoothies. Today I decided to try the coconut delight smoothie. The coconut delight smoothie had cashews, moss, coconut milk, avocado, coconut oil and some other healthy ingredients. The wait wasn't too long and my smoothie was very good. It was creamy and it tasted sort of like an oatmeal cookie lol. I actually felt good about drinking it. I felt like I was doing something good for my body!

Overall thanks hisbicus cafe for the delicious smoothie. I look forward to returning and trying their other food items such as their salmon platters!
Omg Hibiscus is life! This Vegetarian/Vegan hidden gem near university city is amazing! Let me break this down for you because you'll want to know about all the goods here; so let's get to the deets. 

They are known for the BEST VEGAN CHEESESTEAKS IN PHILLY- HANDS DOWN!!! 

My rating below : Best out of 5...5 being the best! 

Vegetarian/ Vegan Food options: 5
Parking availability: 3
Business Energy Cleanliness : 5
Bathrooms: yes, 5 
Staff friendliness : 5 
Seating Space: 2
Service: 5 

The place is filled with positive vibes & positive energy. The community of people who aid in the way this business succeeds, really adds a true compelling energy when you enter. The music is always flowing & it's such a diverse selection of island music: soothing/calm. 

First off, the peanut punch smoothie is amaze balls!!! I mean you can't go wrong with the taste, texture, & health benefits it gives you. They have an amazing selection of fresh juices/smoothies to choose from & there SUPER FOOD Smoothies have so many health benefits combined with goodness; it's hard to chose. 

I have ordered & tried almost everything on their menu. No, that's not an exaggeration. I'm extra AF when it comes to food & I can't stay away. Plus all those flavors just burst into your mouth like the best food-gasism you could ever wish for! 

This is not a game people get your butts down here to this quaint Resturant & check them out! They also make fresh baked goods daily and have a fridge full of take home items to heat & enjoy later. 
I could truly sit here all day; tune into my happy place of food and just vibe out. I'm so glad I've found hibiscus which also is BLACK OWNED !!! There's nothing like it. ONE-of-a-KIND! 

Here's a list of a few items I've tried : 

Vegan Cheesesteak - SPICY
Curried kale & chickpea wrap
Curry seitan 
Curry coconut salmon wrap 
Raw wraps
Jerk seitan 
Kale salad
Vegan sweet potato pie
Blueberry bread
Veggie burger 
Jerk tofu platter 
Homemade carrot juice 
& the list goes on!
So happy I found this little gem in West Philly. I am vegan and they have several good vegan options. I've tried several items from the menu. I love the mock tuna salad(which I believe you're able to order in a wrap, as well), the coconut delight smoothie is one of my faves. I enjoyed the curried kale and chickpeas. Love that a spot like this exists in the Philly area. The staff is always pleasant and helpful. Love the relaxed reggae vibes. If you're in the area, definitely recommend supporting this black owned establishment.
Kristin H & I decided to check this place out because 1, it's around the corner from her apartment (she'd been here before), & 2, it was in the top 3 of the vegan cheesesteak contest. (Naturally, I have to taste ALL the vegan cheesesteaks!)

Really friendly service--I think this woman Sara is the owner, and she's amazing. We ordered vegan cheesesteaks, the new guy said they were out of vegan cheese, and Sara was like, "Oh no we are not!" and sent someone across the street to the co-op to stock up! Now THAT is customer service! The cheesesteak was fantastic, so was the smoothie...and the spirulina popcorn...and the hot pocket freebie with first Yelp checkin!

I highly recommend & I expect Hibiscus will be my go-to every time I'm in West Philly.
I really enjoy this little cafe off of Baltimore Ave in West Philly. Vegan friendly shop. Great section of refrigerated foods and drinks. They have an awesome smoothie section.  

They also have a small food menu and everything is cooked fresh.  The vegan cheesesteak is Amazing. When I tried it I was questioning what I was really eating because it was so good.  Being a pescatarian I still  eat a lot of vegan food because I am trying to transition so foods that have great flavor and make me not miss meat are of course awesome. 

I would definitely recommend this place and the staff is helpful and friendly. There are a few places to sit to eat in as well.
Nice little spot. Love the vegan cheesesteak. The veggie patty is good as well. As soon as I find them on Uber Eats I'll be ordering for lunch.
Just had this place for the first time and it was awesome! I had the salmon wrap with jerk sauce which was divine! I placed my order with uberEats , which is cool because it's uber drivers who now deliver food! The delivery time was only about 30 minutes, which pretty Normal for delivery. I enjoyed half of my wrap and can't wait to eat the other half later! I'll definitely be ordering from here again.
I'm so impressed by this place. It's literally about to be my second home. 

The vege patties are so damn good! The crust tastes homemade, as does the filling. It was hot and fresh. 

I got a curried kale and chickpea platter which comes with rice & peas, and the vege of the day (mine appeared to be some type of kale salad). 

I also had a "Relief" juice which was also pretty damn good, though I would've liked some ice. 

I ate the thing in like 5 minutes it was so delicious and reasonably priced for the portions. I was thoroughly impressed and will absolutely be back for more
This food is always amazing. I haven't been disappointed yet. The food is fresh and made when you order. Also try the mango moss when you get a chance.
We went to Hibiscus Cafe for lunch a while ago. The food was generally solid. 

Jerk seitan platter: The jerk is tasty. The brown rice & beans are all right. Veggies are okay but there wasn't much there.

Seaweed salad: This was okay, but overly sweet

Philly cheesesteak: Solid, comfort food.

Hibiscus is a small place, so be warned that it may be difficult to get a seat if you're planning to eat in.

3+ stars
A little vegan paradise with a reggae vibe. 
I can't wait to go back whenever I can get back to Philly. Got a cheese steak and a guava juice. They have fresh pressed juices too which I didn't get to try. 
Came for lunch and it was getting really busy around 1pm. 

My mom, who's not vegan, tried my vegan cheese steak and kept asking to have more!! The roll was fresh and the seitan was amazing... and filled with tons of onions and peppers. 

Beautiful mural on the walls and plants in the front window. 
Looked clean for sure. It was a small place. 
Short drive from University City. Not being from the city, my mom thought it was in a sketchy area. The area was run-down but I didn't feel unsafe.
One of my favorite spots in this neighborhood, amazing selection of juices, smoothies. Interesting combinations and creative names. Also delicious and nutritious food including curry wraps and kale salad, great vegan/vegetarian options
The Jamaican her seitan wrap was pretty good, but I was disappointed by "The Relief" drink. It was almost lukewarm. I ordered from UberEats so that may have been the issue. I'll order again and try other items on the menu.
My major complaint is the pricing. :( :( 
My garden wrap was fine... but it wasn't anything special. It was just veggies in a wrap, no sauce or seasoning. And it was $7.99!!! For that price I should have gotten something more exciting.
I also got the coconut delight smoothie. It didn't taste like coconut to me, just cashew basically. Very chalky/grainy.
I would definitely go back, but I would just try something more cost effective.
Also the dude working was not friendly. At first I thought maybe they were closing soon and we were an inconvenience but that wasn't it, so I don't know what it was maybe just a bad day, maybe we were taking too long deciding. I definitely felt that pressure and didn't order well. Better luck next time I guess.
I still like this place, but they have changed since my original review in 2012. The grab n go section with all these lovely vegan salads, was practically empty.Only a few remain.  They still have veggie patties, wraps and vegan cheesesteak. also, still make fruit smoothies. I stopped by on Sunday for lunch. I had the Philly cheesesteak. They were out of the roll and served on whole grain wrap. Changes the taste to me.  It was tasty, but more like a BBQ flavor rather than a philly cheesesteak. I couldn't really taste the mushrooms, either. Also, not a lot of cheese on it.  The guys who run the shop are friendly. I think it is pricey and skimpy for the price of $9.99. I had soup at home to have with this otherwise I would of been hungry.
Cool vibe. It was decently loud inside with the music bumping. Most people grabbed the food Togo. 

I was disappointed that they didn't have the kale wrap in stock but I ordered the Nutty Smoothie and jerk seitan. 

I appreciated their menu because it's a very unique take on vegan food. The smoothie was good! 

The jerk seitan was seasoned very well and the vegetables/rice paired well together.
Overall a great experience. I had a ginger based drink which was delicious and a jerked-seitan wrap which was freshly made and surprisingly delicious. Very filling. And I usually don't like the bitter taste of kale but it was cooked very well. Staff were very nice. Music was a great addition and gave the place a great vibe. 

The only thing, I don't know if they were understaffed or if it was just a bit busy, but it literally took 25min to get my wrap. The cashier was very apologetic, but still, was a bit much.
As people who eat vegetarian regularly, we're always on the look out for solid vegetarian restaurants.  This is some of the best vegetarian food that I have ever eaten in Philadelphia, even compared to much pricier places.  On top of it, the owner seems like a really solid, friendly, and fair person.  The place has really good energy, and it's very clean.  It's "clean" food and it's a clean restaurant.

It's important to set your expectations in terms of ambiance. There's four tables and you order at the counter.  It's noisy when the blenders are running (which definitely order one of the smoothies-- excellent).  With that said, the place has good energy and we enjoyed dining in.  However,it seems the majority of people were picking up either from call-in orders or were getting pre-prepared meals from a refrigerated display case near the counter.

If you're looking for the restroom, it's in the basement.  It's old and a bit worn, but it was also kept clean which is very much appreciated.

A last detail is that we ordered platters.  If you want leftovers, get a whole platter for one person.  The couple in front of us ordered one platter for the two of them.  We learned why.  The platters are very large and in the future we'll probably split an order.

The only desired improvement I could name is if they would put a water urn on the front counter for dine-in customers to serve themselves.

Overall, a fantastic place.
I just moved to Philly from Los Angeles and have been looking for some places to eat when I don't feel like cooking or just has great food options. I'm not a health but but I am mindful of what I put into my body. I was looking to try a vegan BOB but when I arrived they were swamped. So I ended up at Hibiscus Cafe. Now at this point I'm starving so I wasn't sure if the food was really just THAT good or if I was THAT hungry. lol

Today was my second time trying out this place and I got the same thing. Curry Kale and Chickpea wrap on multigran wrap. I added salmon and STILL BOMB. I've also gotten the Peanut Punch and the Brain Food Smoothie. Both high scores. This place is being saved for sure. They were friendly, it was quick, and the portions a great size for what you pay. I'd post a picture but the food is already gone.
One of my favorite spots in this neighborhood, amazing selection of juices, smoothies. Interesting combinations and creative names. Also delicious and nutritious food including curry wraps and kale salad, great vegan/vegetarian options!

Great pre-prepared food as well & premade juices when you're on the go!
I love y'all and I want you to be my go to Vegan Resturant, but if you could ease up on the thyme! It over powers everything else! I ordered today for the first time, I not giving up, I just want my vegetables to have their taste! Love Y'all!
I have to taste ALL the vegan cheese steaks! The cheese steak was fantastic, so was the smoothie...and the spirulina popcorn. nice people great food.Great texture to the seitan and it was very flavorful. Hibiscus has definitely earned that spot for their vegan cheese steak.  Theirs no where else a person with soy/gluten allergies, or someone who is strict about clean eating would be more at home.Plenty of variety on the menu and the staff are patient and very polite. Amazing smoothies and lots of vegan baked goods.I highly recommend & I expect Hibiscus will be my go-to every time I'm in West Philly.
This spot is small n quaint with a serious punch for flavorful vegan dishes.  Food is fresh and plentiful, the platters can last you 2 daysI'll be back. Check them out!! Again n again, promise you won't be disappointed
My hankering for a smoothie has come to an end. What a refreshing treat; the natural flavors of the fruit danced on my tongue. I even did my usual hum of joy as I walked to the trolley. I will suggest that they not only greet the regulars with excitement but also a newbie like myself.
I was in the neighborhood and noticed Hisbiscus Café across the street. The green storefront looked very natural, so I went inside to see what they had.
The menu is absolutely amazing. All of the options were appealing and I finally settled on a kale and chickpea wrap in spinach wrap.  I also ordered a fruit smoothie.
The friendly owner told me that it would be a few minutes because she had to turn on the panini press, so I spent the time talking to my friend and looking at the store's bumper sticker collection 

When the food came out, it was absolutely delicious. I definintely plan on going back. The wrap was warm outside, and inside, and beyond kale and chickpeas, had potates. The flavors blended together wonderfully. Perhaps next time I would order it with mozzorellla cheese, but since this place also caters to vegans, I wasn't partiularly missing out.

My friend ordered a pizza on whole grain crust, and she was given the option of regular or vegan cheese. She was a big fan of her dish as well.

Beyond the food, the owner was very friendly the customers all had a positive vibe.

Can't wait to go back!
Love this place! Great, delicious food and nice friendly vibe. Recommend the spirulina and hemp protein bars, the goji drink and raspberry chocolate smoothies! Will definitely be coming back here.  Next time I'll get some of the boxes appetizers. They looked amazing!
Delicious! From the smoothies to the spinach patties and curry chickpea salad. Oh and the cheesesteak. SOOOOOOO freaking good. It's an out of this world experience. 

Just try it. You won't regret it.
What a hidden fucking gem. Best vegan cheese steak I've had in Philly. The jerk tofu was bombass (very spicy FYI) and the date smoothie was delish. Also, the guys that run this place are super chill and kind. I am going to go here again. And again. And again.
Delicious! I had a vegan cheesesteak on Saturday night. Great texture to the seitan and it was very flavorful. Hibiscus has definitely earned that spot for their vegan cheesesteak to be considered one of the top three in Philadelphia. The staff was very friendly and the service was quick. I definitely recommend trying this place.
I love Hibiscus. My go-to is the curry kale wrap warmed on a Spinach wrap.

The owners are so friendly. They make your food to order, and it takes a few minutes to come out because they make it with care and attention to detail.

They are also very knowledgeable about health and holistic nutrition. I posted on their facebook asking about natural fever remedies, and they responded very quickly with a suggestion. They even invited me to come into the store so they could give me fevergrass- which they did for free.

I'm drooling thinking about this place... totally going there later for some healthy vegetarian comfort food!
Great reggae vibe, very relaxing atmosphere and wow the food. Healthy but yet tasty. Keep it up guys!
This place melted my heart and taste buds! So good and healthy that I could feel the good energy revitalizing my body, mind and spirit. I had the curry chickpeas and kale, a kale salad and a vegetable cocktail of beets, carrots, cucumber and kale. This meal was my favorite in Philly and I wish I could take it back to Los Angeles with me.
i love this place!!!
i stopped in here on a whim to get a freshly squeezed juice after chasing my son at Cedar Park in the hot sun. i should have never given him a taste because he drank almost the whole thing :)
the food here is so good!! and not just for veg folks either- my husband eats meat and he loves it! my favorites are the kale and chickpea curry and the jamaican jerk tofu.  they also have a lot of prepared foods which are the perfect size to feed my little guy. just FYI other parents, they don't have a high chair, so BYO. they also take cards.

if you check on yelp you can get a free patty!
I loved the food!  I'm not vegan but the cheesesteak vegan sub was very delicious!  So full of flavor!  We also had the veggie pizza which had kale and vegan cheese.  Great as well.  The chicken wrap was also very delicious.  I've eaten seitan since I was a child and I can honestly say, this is the best I've tasted so far.  The flavors are so good you don't realize you are not eating meat.  It is Jamaican flavors, which I do love.  So if that is not on your flavor favorite, you might not like this place.  There are some good spicy flavors going on as well.  But you can ask for not spicy.  If you are vegan, you definitely need to give this place a try.  If you are looking to give good meat alternatives a try, you need to try this place.  The prices, to me, are very reasonable.  Three meals with drinks was around $40.  I'm visiting from the Baltimore area and that price is very good.  The music was good, too!  We might have to go back before we leave.
I got the best juice of my life here. The Relief. As a vegan and a former vegan cafe and juice bar worker this place it great! They make your food to order and have a lot of options for such a small place. I've had the jerk tofu wrap and the seitan philly wrap and both were amazing. I love looking at all the African dry goods and health foods and supplements while I wait for my order. This weekend my boyfriend and I went in for lunch and there were quite a few people ordering and already eating. We received our food before the juice we ordered but I kindly reminded them that we ordered a juice and we were given two instead of one and and a heart felt apology for the wait. This was more than kind and necessary of them. I was stuffed half way through my wrap and kept eating it until my stomach hurt because it was that enjoyable. This is a small business and using what looks like fresh produce which I know cost more per pound  over canned and frozen options is more than likely why their prices seem a bit steep. I must compare that Satellite across the street (whom I love and frequent often) recently raised the prices of the vegan wraps to about $6-7 a pop not including tax and the only fresh produce in those is the spinach.

There was recently a parklet installed right outside of Hibiscus and Little Babies which is a perfect addition to the area. There is also Cedar Park right across the street that you can enjoy your wrap and ice cream at if the stores are packed.
The pre-made food is quite good... but often not quite as fresh as it could be, which is why this place only gets two stars from me. Because I do not like wilted day-old kale. 
I've also had  a tuna salad scared me a bit.
Please do better with this Hibiscus!! We really need some healthy take out options on Baltimore Ave!
Pluses: Juice is quite good. Sometimes they sell the Samosas from the Indian grocery on Walnut, which are the best samosas I've had in the city.
SUCH A GREAT addition to this part of the hood.  Plus, it doesn't hurt that they're RIGHT NEXT DOOR to  Little Baby's :-P.

I'm not one to make sweeping comparisons....buuuuut.....in the all natural juice/small bites category, I have to go with Hibiscus over Atiya Ola's.   Prices are better, much more comfortable "feel", just a bit less....pretentious? I don't know if that's the word I'm looking for, but having a new option to choose from only seems to highlight the things about the  local competition that I wasn't a fan of to begin with.

Had the Tropical Rhythm - fresh pineapple juice, coconut water and pulp, lime juice.  The man had Roots and Culture - carrots, beets, yogurt, and cashews.    Both were delicious!! Next visit...the Jamaican Jerk tofu wrap.....WHAT?!?!??! 

At the end of the day, having more than one choice to satisfy your fresh juice and raw/natural food cravings is NEVER a bad thing, so give Hibiscus a try!!!!
Great experience.  So excited to see a vegan/vegetarian/health store in my childhood neighborhood.  Looking forward to visiting this spot whenever I'm in philly. The customer service was awesome, and the food was even better.  Got my family of carnivores to indulge and they are all ready to return for more good eats.
I finally just got a chance to head over to Hibiscus last weekend, and I'm ashamed that it took me as long as it did. This place is amazing. My husband and I went for lunch with our neighbors and between us we got: two jerk tofu wraps, the seitan fajita wrap and the chickpea and kale platter. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their food (even my carnivore husband!) and we all vowed to not be strangers. The owners are so warm and friendly as well.

Seating was kind of limited (we had to push a few tables together to accommodate our party of four) so in the future we'll probably do takeout. So happy to have this in our neighborhood!
A great restaurant on Baltimore Ave with delicious and affordable vegetarian and vegan options! Their smoothies are especially good. I had their Reboost and it was perfect: delicious, filling, but also light and healthy. Plus, you cannot go wrong with the Curried Kale and Chickpeas! I love this tiny little cafe!
Food is great! Love this place. Always go back for the kale and chick peas dish when I visit Philly. People are super nice too.
Dope vegetarian place to visit everything is very tasty and healthy at the same time, place is always immaculate and very inviting with its bright colors. Staff is always extremely pleasant and very knowledgeable of the different products they sale. Lastly the best part of the visit is the wonderful reggae music they play
This by far is the best vegan restaurant in Philly. Consistently good food.  Chill environment.  Pricing on point for what you get.  Highly recommended.  Jerk Seitan is delicious and their rendition of the cheese steak is awesome.  The smoothies are delicious.  I have not been disappointed in the food or the service once.  BONUS.....ice cream place that has vegan options is next door.  WooHoo!
I had the "philly jawn" cheesesteak spicy, I did the vegan cheese and not the mozzarella option, super tasty!!!! I can't wait to try all of their foods, Also had a yummy spicy ginger lemonade doesn't sound great but it taste really refreshing, also the place was clean with a nice vibe
This place is a god sent for vegan like me. Near my home an easy bike ride to super flavorful vegan food. Vegan paddy delicious. Philly jawn amazing. Strawberry gluten free vegan short cake incredible. Do not get me started on their vegan chicken nuggets with vegan honey mustard sauce. I love them. I wish they would buffalo them..... OMG. !!!!FAT VEGAN MOMENT.... LOL!!! They also have smoothies and more. If your vegan  or not if your in west philly and your hungry get at dem..... you'll be irie
We accidentally stumbled into this place off a rainy street after deciding we didn't want to wait in the line at Cedar Park Cafe. From the moment we walked in we were enthralled with the place's rasta themed aesthetic and chill vibe. The menu is full of healthy and seemingly very tasty morsels, for a fair price. We got the salmon wrap with coconut curry and the curried kale and chickpea wrap. Both were perfectly spiced and cooked very nicely with satisfying texture. It was satiating and we felt great after eating them. Can't wait to come back and try more things like the smoothies. We hope more people find this gem of a place.
Yes i love this vegetarian cafe. Thank you for the smooties,bean pie , and vegan cheese steak. Five stars from the  heart
Was driving by this place this morning and saw the name was what caught my eye, so I make my way in and wait for a min or so and place my order, v pattie and a smoothie ended up waiting for a half hour and still no order comes up, four people were their before me so that shouldn't have taken that long, idk I guess I fell threw the cracks,I really wanted to like this place but after today and the mis use of my time idk if I would stop back hear jus because of my first experience, another lady that came in after me also left after she ordered as well, people who were after me and here received their orders so after she left, I gave it some time and left my self 30+minutes down the drain of my day at the same time no one even said hey you've been here before them what happened, is everything ok idk bad for a first time customer.
Hibiscus Cafe has been my favorite spot in Philly for the past 3 - 5 years. If I could give more than 5 stars, I would. The food is delicious, the atmosphere chill, and the service always amazing. They really cook your order to perfection each time. The only thing to watch out for is the cooking smell that sticks to your hair and clothes; I never minded as I enjoyed the smell and lived close by. To me, the prices make sense as you're paying for a quality home-cooked meal every time. My go-to item was the curried chick peas platter. I hope they offer cooking classes one day!
Bomb veggie Caribbean food, which is not easy to find- quality is on point and the smoothies are probably the best I've ever had. They have those down to a science. Portions are well priced. Patties are delicious. Also nice to support a local black owned business that serves Philadelphia with delicious health conscious food.
I seriously do not want to give it 1 star.  Loved the food and hope they succeed.  However we had lunch there and the food itself was delicious however we all suffered from diarrhea about 4 hrs after we had lunch. Maybe it was the Seiten or the tofu.  Maybe it was the patties or the vegetables we don't know.  We had breakfast at home prior.  All from different homes and none of us had anything prior to lunch and tea. 

I just hope they clean up.
Excellent food, great service.  We cant wait to go back and try more of the menu. My first philly cheesesteak did not disappoint
Delicious smoothies, tofu curry, seaweed avocado wrap! Exceptional service - warm, friendly and informative staff. I wish I lived closer so I could be a regular!
The vegan cheesesteak is wonderful. I'm here craving for one since 12pm. I'm on my way now. Nothing is going to stop me. It's so yummy!!!!
I'm a native Philadelphia resident (born & raised) so obviously I was skeptical of a vegan version of one of our signature sandwiches. However after just one bit of their chicken cheesesteak I was hooked! I have no idea what their secret is but they've nailed the taste!! I've also had their salmon wrap which was another master piece. I strongly suggest this place to anyone seeking a tasty healthy option.
I would certainly come here everyday if I could afford to. EVERYTHING I've eaten from this beautiful place has been delicious. I've had the (veg) Chicken Wrap - it made me want to cry real tears. Curry Chick Peas & Kale - super delicious. I'm writing this review because I am craving some right now lol. The Spinach & Veggie Patties are so good, I am almost certain that this restaurant gets everything right. The vegan Blueberry Cake was delish too. Love is sprinkled right on into everything & always beautifully presented. Eating healthy never felt so right! 

Earl is usually chatting around with customers & at the register. Such a sweet soul. The energy here is great, the people are always beautiful. I can't wait to eat here again.
Stopped here over lunch because it looked like a quick healthy spot. I was disappointed to see that the fridge that was supposed to be filled with prepared food (which looked great in previous Yelpers photos) was almost completely empty. I managed to pick out a Kale salad, which was actually really delicious and the highlight of my experience here. I also ordered a smoothie, which had a slight artificial taste that I wasn't a fan of. Biggest issue was that after I had ordered the smoothie and it was already being made, I tried paying by credit card and they said their card machine was broken. I almost never carry cash. If I didn't managed to find a crinkled $10 bill at the bottom of my purse it would have been an issue. They should have told me this ahead of time or at least had a sign up.
It's hard to find a good vegan place in different neighborhoods. But this place is definitely a gem. Im a pescatarian so I purchased the son wrap with satueed greens and brown rice...It was delicious and big. I also had the pleasure of experiencing the super powers smoothie, which was absolutely delicious. The meal was costly which is to be expected with real food!! Will be back when I'm visiting clients in this part of the city.. also great conversation and vibes with the 2 guys working!
First time checking this place out. . .and admit to be mostly vegetarian food, the food smells amazing. The menu looks healthy, and the staff was super cool & courteous. I enjoyed my smoothie and will definitely be back to try out the salmon fish wrap.
decent samosas, blech patties, good service. I need to go back to get a better idea but for now it's cool.
The Vegan Cheesesteak is incredibly good! And the people working there are really nice. Slightly expensive but you are paying for top notch quality food
Amazeballs!!!  nice people great food.  Theres no where else a person with soy/gluten allergies, or someone who is strict about clean eating would be more at home.  Curry chickpeas,  kale salad, fresh juices, all wonderful.  Reasonable prices too.
Ohhhhhhhhhh myyyyyyyyyy gaaaaaawwwwdddddd ... oh wow. We Yelped for a veggie restaurant for dinner and Hibiscus Cafe came up. The place is small, but when you walk in the aroma of rich, savory food is the first thing you'll notice. Then the smile of the guy behind the counter will come next. Look, just let him order for you. I got a cheese steak made with jerked seitan and my partner got the same thing without jerk seasoning. Our kid got a quesadilla that he raved about. We all got bottles of juice and I am sad that we live hours away and didn't buy, like, a case of the stuff.
Hibiscus is one of my favorite local spots to get a meal from. I usually get the green smoothie which is tasty and makes me feel as if I'm giving myself a healthy option. I've had the salmon hoagie, salmon wrap and the curry kale and chickpeas which I absolutely love. There's always an awesome playlist going when i go into the store and the owner has always been friendly. Great vibes and great food.
I learned of this restaurant following JLJupiter on FB the food was AMAZING! The selections are extremely healthy and nutrient dense and sooooo flavorful. The beverages they make there are very very good as well. Service was kinda slow but that's because everything is fresh made to order. Phone ahead if you're in a rush otherwise be prepared to wait. It's a clean nice looking environment however they weren't all that friendly which for me was a bit off putting. Today was my second visit in 2 days and the cold reception was the same as yesterday . I don't know what that's about but I will try to over look it and see how things progress over time with continued patronage. The 4 stars is a reflection of the fact they weren't very hospitable. Otherwise they would have gotten 5 stars
I love Hibiscus! I devour the food too quickly to take pics. Try the coconut curry salmon on tomato wrap or seitan cheese steak with the works. Phone in. Great customer service. Good vibes.  Solid and consistent
I had the Jamaican jerk tofu and wow, I was blown away! Being a vegetarian I've never been able to experience a Jamaican food so when I heard about a vegan Jamaican place I immediately jumped at the opportunity to try it. The taste of the tofu was so amazing and so seasoned and it was a huge portion! And the staff was also friendly, I would love to go back!!
Originally heard of this place from an associate. They spoke highly of the place and what they had to offer food wise. I happened to be in the area and took a look for myself. 

Walking in I noticed a colorful setting inside of this shop and to my left a fridge full of ready to go orders. And to the side of that was natural goods like hair and body products from local vendors. I love seeing they support other local/black owned business. 

I ordered for the first time a veggie patty which was very fresh and had a nice filling of corn, carrots, peas etc. And a curry salmon in a kale wrap, which was delicious. Also noticed the next time ordering here the wrap I took home and ate an hour later was still fresh hot. Had enough to save for later and didn't feel as guilty as I would had I went and ate a unhealthy meal. Definitely will be returning to try out more of the menu...oh yeah and the drinks made in house are great too!!
I just went to this place for the first time and it was incredible. The jerk seitan blew my mind. I will definitely be coming back to try more.
I agree with the first reviewer , it is easy to miss this gem! I was walking for coffee when i saw the sign across the street 'juices, smoothies and food for life' then I sampled the food during the Baltimore Avenue Dollar Stroll. That night, I tried the kale salad and the vegan baked ziti. Yum! So, I was thinking of this little gem and needed food to help me finish resetting my apartment. I decided to get salads 1@3.99, 2@ $7.99 and 3@$9.99. I LOVE trying new places and love getting healthy alternatives. So, I tried 3: I had the lovely, kale salad, artichoke pasta salad and a cold green bean and chard salad. all very tasty. The menu includes Wraps, Sandwiches, Fresh Salads , Vegetable Pizza and Quesadillas. Today, 4 days after the initial review, this cute place has a few tables. So, this is good to know if you want to sit and  relax. I love the idea of West philly having so many choices and being so accommodating to Vegans and vegetarians. Welcome to the neighborhood! Hibiscus is a nice addition!!
Excellent! This place has many delicious  healthy vegan option. Many vegan restaurants have "comfort" heavily fried vegan food that isn't particularly healthy. Hibiscus cafe offers multiple vegan options with greans, protein, and healthy whole grains. High recommend!
Ordered from here many times. My go to when I'm in west Philly. I'm a pescatarian non dairy so this place is perfect for me. My favorite items are their vegan cheesesteak and their curry fish sandwich.
Oh damn. This place is so. Good.

I got the smoothie after I did a yoga class down the street and it hit the spot! I had never heard of the moss they put in but they have an interesting little pamphlet about it's health benefits. Smoothie itself is hella tasty and has interesting ingredients. I got the one with cashews.

It seems like every meal is fresh made, which is amazing. I have a bell pepper allergy and they were able to make my food without.
Great vegan options and items available like Irish moss that I haven't been able to find elsewhere.
My job complimented workers with food from Hibiscus this week. I ordered the salmon platter. The food was delicious and the portions was enough for two people.

Yummmy, I am so grateful my job bought us food because I never would have tried this place otherwise. I will come here at least once a week when in the area. 

Soooo delicious!!!!
I've been wanting to check this spot our for some time now, so after my yoga class I walked down to see what they have. The inside give you a Caribbean feel, they have refrigerators with pre package items, small salads, cakes juices etc. 

I  was greeted and allowed some time to look over the menu for a few minutes. I chose to get the raw wraps, they include kales salad, avocado and tomato. I git mine without the tomatoes. I also got a green goodness smoothie. It took a few minutes for my order to be ready and I was on my way. 

My smoothie tasted good but I was a little disappointed as it was a watery more of a juice consistency, I prefer a thicker smoothie. My wraps were ok, they did forget my avocado though so the wraps just had a little bit if kale salad in it. Overall the experience was okay, wasn't anything I would travel for as I live on the other side of the city.
Spicy cheesesteak is delicious. I love the veggie patties as well. Definitely a must try
I ordered Hibiscus via Uber Eats. I wanted something fresh and healthy. I haven't eaten at this place in a while, so it was a perfect choice to get back to loving their food. They give good portions and good flavors. I ordered the super powers smoothie, garden wrap salad and salmon platter with veggies and jerk sauce. 

I definitely could've bought two of the super power smoothies because it was so refreshing and tasty. The super power smoothie contains, blueberries, strawberries, antioxidants, gogi berries, sea moss and rice milk. I was initially interested in ordering it because it has the added bonus of sea moss. The smoothie is a beautiful dark red or purple color and has a thick consistency. I couldn't wait to drink it from the look alone. I'm definitely thinking about getting another smoothy soon. Maybe one of their green goddess smoothies.

The salad is a very simple and delicious. It has fresh crunchy lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, peppers and avocado and a side of sesame vinegarette dressing. It was wrapped in a tortilla and cut in half. The portions was enough for one hungry person. 

I also ordered the salmon platter option with brown rice, sautéed veggies and jerk sauce. The jerk sauce was a good flavor and little spicy. The brown rice was accompanied with brown beans and the salmon cooked well. I was given a lot of salmon, enough to share a piece with someone else. The meal was so filling I couldn't eat it all. 

Wish I lived closer get smoothies everyday. I've never actually went into the store. This is my first time ordering via Uber eats and the previous time someone ordered it for me. Will visit soon!
