I've been to High Street on Market on several occasions for lunch. It's generally pretty crowded on weekends but I have lucked out and scored seating every time. My go-to is the turkey sandwich, no mayo. It is absolutely delicious and so flavorful! I like that they have potatoes as a side but would love if they added chips to their menu as well! 

The real reason I'm busting out this review today is because I finally made it to HSOM for dinner last night! I normally avoid Restaurant Week but my friend/colleague is in town and she has celiac so I needed to find a restaurant that would have some options for her. I was thrilled that High Street not only had options but they also make their own gluten-free pasta! 

We were seated promptly when we arrived for our 7pm reservation and our server, Maggie, was incredible. We lobbed tons of questions at her and she was really great about providing info or getting answers from the kitchen if she wasn't sure. Excellent service all around! 

My friend opted for wine while I inquired about alcohol-free options. My server and I discussed flavors and some magician managed to whip up an AF moscow mule that rivaled the best ones out there. Seriously, it was delicious. 

The RW menu offers a lot of really great choices and I could happily go back and order totally differently on another visit. Although, my choices last night would be hard to stray from, they were so on point. I had the crab rangoon, steak, and chocolate hazelnut cake. My friend had the crispy vegetables, gluten free pasta with lamb ragu, and buckwheat-honey ice cream. We finished with a pot of fragrant peppermint tea from Rival Brothers. 

We both loved our meals from start to finish and I couldn't even wait to get home to tell my husband how amazing our experience had been. High Street is definitely a top contender for my next night out.
I went here for an anniversary celebration this week.  What a great little, informal, spot for dinner.  High Street encourages sharing and family style dining.  Having said that, this really isn't a family dining spot.  The menu may seem simple but the dishes are very complex and satisfying.  The "snacks" are wonderful little appetizers from crispy and light shrimp rolls to homemade breads with delightful condiments, all carefully prepared.
The salad we ordered was a special delight with Pecorino Romano cheese, apples, and a mix of greens--wow!  Delicious!
Our mains were equally good, don't miss out on the spicy crab spaghetti!  Deserts were also a complex surprise with crunch, sweet and sour, and creamy deliciousness.
Service was light and friendly.  Overall this place is a wow for dinner!
Mind blown.

High Street is a prime example why I feel so happy and lucky to living in Philadelphia right now. Came here to brunch recently and let's just say...wow. The pastrami hash sandwich ($10.50) is pure foodporn. I fell in love upon the first bite. The combination of the shaved pastrami with the crispy spiced hash, roasted peppers & onions, fried eggs, and Russian dressing inside a freshly baked bread is unbelievably delicious.

Service was great and decor speaks refined and elegant. Very comfortable dinning environment overall. Loved it. Our city has become such an exciting place to eat out. There is an entire new generation of young chefs with fresh ideas who are transforming Philly into an amazing food town.
I get asked a lot for restaurant recommendations.  After awhile, I feel like a broken record, always suggesting the same places.  I'm happy to say that after my fabulous meal at High Street on Market, I finally have a great place to recommend to my foodie family and friends.

So why 5 stars?  High Street on Market is just an overall great dining experience.  The restaurant itself is casual, yet classy.  It is a very comfortable space- like sitting in the dining room/living room of a friend who has really good taste.  I especially like the open kitchen-   it really makes you feel like you are at someone's house.

Service was impeccable, cocktails were amazing (I had some sort of spicy grapefruit margarita- whatever it was, it worked!) and the food... well, the food was absolutely delicious.  They offer a $50 tasting menu.  This would be an EXCELLENT place for a group dinner- it's definitely in the back of my mind for future group outing.  This visit, however, my husband and I decided to just order a few dishes, since we weren't too sure about the portion sizes.  We tried:

crispy broccoli- really simple dish of lightly fried broccoli with a spicy/tangy cabbage-like garnish.    

brussel sprouts-  I order brussel sprouts EVERYWHERE and I have to say this was one of my favorite versions I've ever had in Philly.  The secret was dollops of creamy goat cheese- wow!
 
charcoal grilled squid- I really liked this dish (although it could have been a tad bigger).  I didn't realize it was served with roasted cauliflower- that really made the dish spectacular.

angry crab spaghetti- this was probably my least favorite dish, but I still thought it was excellent.  A bit on the spicier side with lots of crab (some reviewers said they didn't get a ton-- I thought it was the perfect amount)

pumpkin tortellini- my favorite dish of the night... well maybe tied with those sprouts.  The homemade pasta melts in your mouth and the creamy pumpkin filling and sauce on top... amazing!

Overall, I thought the price was just right for the quality of food.  Prices are on the higher side but you get what you pay for here.  I really loved my meal here and will continue to recommend it to everyone I know who loves a great meal!
Dear brunch lovers, I found the best sandwich in the city and it's called - the Pastrami Hash. It is absolutely amazing and dripping with flavor! Pastrami & Hash sandwich came with pastrami, roasted peppers & onions and egg on top. It was definitely an interest combination but this place is great at experimenting with different flavors and spices and they completely nailed it. I am not a huge fan of pastrami, but each of the ingredients and flavors just complimented each other perfectly. The sandwich was absolutely to die for!! They have a lot of other things on the menu which I need to go back and try. The place is quite small so be prepared to wait for a table. It is perfect for a table for two since they have a limited number of the bigger tables. Service was great and food came out pretty quickly. Oh don't forget to order coffee, it was just the way I liked it, flavorful and strong!

A little tip - do not confuse it with the lunch pastrami sandwich, make sure you ask for the brunch one, I easily confused it.
Came in with my boyfriend for the last day of restaurant week and had a great time! 

We were seated right away since we had a reservation and I can not say how  wonderful the staff was. The waitress was on point with service and was so pleasant. We  started off with drinks,  I got the Neshaminy Brewing Company IPA, and my bf got a rum and Coke. 

The drink prices were great too- we have been to other restaurants downtown and rum and coke was like 10,11 dollars, here it was only 7! When I needed a refill  I was shocked that the waitress came over and refilled it for me.... definitely not something I'm  used to but I  liked that touch. 

They brought out bread and butter which was warm and tasted so good to start, and I got the salad, the roasted chicken and carrot cake. My bf ordered thee pork belly, crab spaghetti and he got the lemon dessert. The salad I had was incredibly delicious and had just enough cheese and Caesar dressing, it was a large salad too so I shared it. The chicken was so tender and juicy- I was surprised about how juicy I it was, one of the best chickens I've had in a long time. 

The carrot cake though was lacking otherwise I would've given this place 5 stars. It was pretty to look at  and looked like it was going to taste good, but it lacked flavor and sweetness like I'm used to. I tried some of the lemon dessert and wasn't a  fan of that either/ it had a strange aftertaste I didn't care for. My boyfriend was raving about his meal and was very happy with it.
There's some great spots opening up in Philly recently, and I'd place HIGH STEET ON MARKET (references the old-time Philly name for Market St) right up there with Kevin Sbraga's The Fat Ham for providing a unique combination of casual, sophisticated, and affordable dining.

I made my first visit to HSoM last night with Zareen S, who beat me to the punch with her detailed Yelp review:

http://www.yelp.com/biz/high-street-on-market-philadelphia#hrid:Di4gWH1ZDZ1GyIXhB0REsA

However, I will say that this was an excellent, even exciting meal.  We had the 8-course tasting menu, which was mostly served sharing style, and it was more than enough to fill us up (we ended up taking most of both plates of wagyu home), all for a bargain $45.  Yes, you read that right, $45.  One of the best, if not the best, tasting menu bargains in Philly.

My favorite courses were:
1) Mike's crispy kale chips, which sound trivial, but are completely amazing (and messy to eat).

2) Green tea garganelli with smoked duck ragu, the flavor of which would be a bit hard to describe if you didn't know what was in it (and a bit acidic too, which I loved).

3) Rabbit & maple chestnuts, which was a wonderfully complex medley of cauliflower, almost burnt Brussels sprouts, fruit and tender flavorful rabbit.

4) Black seaweed bucatini pasta, with weird little shaved lobster bottarga that I first thought was carrot shavings.  All their pasta is made fresh in-house daily.

5) Of the two desserts, I particularly like the sticky toffee pudding made with dates and served with ice cream.

Good cocktails, an unusual short wine list (for example, they have a rare bottling by Frank Cornelissen, the crazy man of Mt. Etna), and also a back passage to Fork next door (so we stopped by their bar afterwards, which stays open later).

Great space, although a bit noisy even though it wasn't very crowded on a snowy night.  Good friendly service, and they even comped us a couple of drinks (I think just because we were having such a good time).

They also serve breakfast/brunch/lunch, so it's not just for dinner, and their sandwiches sound (and look) killer:

https://vine.co/v/hi2QDFQ7a2M

OpenTable reservations.  Convenient $6.50 validated parking in the Ritz at the Bourse movie theatre a block away.
With Fork next door, is there ANY reason to have dinner at High Street On Market (HSOM)? I don't believe so... 

I don't enjoy blasting restaurants like HSOM that are well regarded locally, and by critics. It sucks time, money, and energy out of me as I have the discipline not to review after one (good or bad) experience - often waiting weeks (even months) after a bad experience, to strive for balance and justice. But, if you're taking $70-75 pp from me and consistently giving me 2 star experiences, then I've a right to be outraged and warn prospective diners - star chef or not. In this case, I understand my last two visits coincided with the last weeks of the former star chef. Given his critical acclaim, I can only surmise that he was phoning it in during the last weeks.

But, the owners also need to give some thought to brand differentiation, not just sorting out execution issues. Yes, Fork is a sister restaurant, but is there a reason for HSOM to have 'substantially' similar menu structure and price points? It's probably helpful in terms of sharing resources at back end (bread from HSOM, pastry chef, premises...) but there's no brand clarity at the front. So, as I see it, as a customer I should only go to HSOM if I didn't find seating at Fork - and couldn't be bothered going elsewhere. 

After recently dining at both (I've been an irregular patron at Fork for over 15 years), that takeaway was crystal clear. At HSOM, my two half size pasta portions cost a dollar less than at Fork, but the difference in quality was day and night. HSOM's Sumac Corzetti with lamb sausage, ricotta salata and green olive was way over-salted (I've had Sumac all my life, thank you very much), while the Squid Ink Gnocchetti with grilled octopus, peppers, and orange was practically undentable - not (molto) Al Dente (I know the difference). I left my dessert (pumpkin streusel cake, maple ice cream) unfinished (Sacre Bleu!) as I couldn't appreciate the cake (specifically texture of sponge, and inadequate streusel) nor the (house) ice cream. Again, as a customer, I care not for technique, I'm not looking for gelees or foams (or any artistic flourishes). But, I do expect tasteful execution if I need to burn those damn calories... 

Do the owners know that you even get fewer slices of (the same) complimentary bread at HSOM (and no butter!), compared to Fork?? I know that's not make or break, but as someone who loves bread (a restaurant strength, mind you) it adds to the annoyances. This is what happens when you have someone who eats and reviews comparatively, within a narrow timeframe. All such differences become apparent. (I'm not going to be critical of HSOM's bar. Cocktails at Fork are far superior, but also priced 30% higher).

It's only fair to mention that HSOM is an all-day restaurant. I've no issues with their breakfast or lunch, and indeed they are almost always busier then. For breakfast, I've liked the Breakfast Reuben on Rye (pastrami, mustard, kraut), but prefer the Forager (King Oyster Mushroom, Kale, farm egg, mayo). For lunch, my two favorite sandwiches are the Smoked Duck Cubano (swiss, mustard) and the "Best Grilled Cheese Ever" (potato bread, cheddar, butter). 

I think if they have the confidence to give a name like that to a sandwich, they might as well have a menu item titled: "Was It Good for You Too?" And, as things currently stand, not feature it on their dinner menu...

(4 stars for breakfast and lunch, 2 stars for dinner, in terms of value)
After exhausting the brunch scene of Center City, I decided to branch out a bit and try out High Street on Market with a few friends. On a Saturday morning, we met up at about 10:30 and were seated immediately (!!!) at the communal table. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive. I was surprised by how small the menu was, but I have to say that quality over quantity was definitely clear in their presentation. My friends and I all ordered breakfast sandwiches. I went for the Hickory Town, which included Lancaster bolonga, egg over easy, horseradish cheddar, and fried red onion all on a seeded bun. I think I finished my sandwich in less than 5 minutes, it was that good. I ordered a chocolate chip shortbread cookie for dessert, which was delicious and not overly sweet or heavy. Overall, a great option for breakfast if you're ever in the Old City area!
"I'm in town. Want to grab dinner?"

"Well I just had two drinks and split two apps, an entrée and a dessert, so I'm not really hungry."

"So you want to do the 8-course tasting menu at High Street?"

"YES!"

This will go down as both my best and worst decision all wrapped into one.  I left this meal so full that I couldn't even stand up straight.  When I got home, I'm fairly certain my dog thought this was the last night we would spend together on account of my incessant "WHYYYYY?"s I continued to utter into the wee hours.  But on that note... I'd do it all over again.  I'd do it without hesitating. Because YOLO... or something like that.

So I thought their brunch was good (it is), but their dinner.  Good god.  I kept waiting for one of the eight courses to be a dud.  But everything was a 9 or 10.  My tastebuds died and went to heaven that night.  The highlight for me was when the fried zucchini came out topped with my beloved chow chow (see previous review). Be still my heart!  For $45, this was a steal.

So my takeaways from this experience?
1. I will never be a championship food eater.
2. There is a reason Bon Apetit Mag made High Street the #2 best new restaurant.
3. My dog has no faith in me.
I will start by saying this:  I was NOT expecting to like this food as much as I did.  There was an enormous amount of flavor in every dish, despite incredibly simple names and descriptions.

First off, the ambiance in High Street is warm, cozy, and rustic.  Rustic is also a great description of their food.

My highlight:

- Seaweed Bucatini:  Wow.  This was my favorite of the night by far.  The seaweed is pulverized and used in the pasta dough, and that bright, ocean flavor leaps right out at you.  Salty, cured lobster roe is grated on top, and the salty brightness comes together to make you feel like your mouth is at the beach.  Terrific flavor.  Plus this is just *stunning* on the plate: the pasta is black, thanks to the seaweed in the dough, and the lobster roe is this vivid red... it's a really exciting thing to see and to taste.  I've posted a photo as well.

Every other dish was a huge success as well.  Tortelloni with asparagus and ramps, the lobster tartine (like an open face lobster roll... on house-made bread), the lamb tartare... every dish sang, and most were presented beautifully as well.  But the bucatini was so vivid I had to give it the starring role in this review. 

Pro-Tip 1:  The bread course is not included, but we ordered it.  I wouldn't do so again, only because I'd rather have tried another small plate in its place.  The bread was great, but it took up valuable stomach space!

Pro-Tip 2:  Three of us shared four small plates, the bread plate, and two pastas, and we were all satisfied with that amount of food.

Highly recommended!
I feel like it's few and far between now where I have a delicious meal from start to finish, and I totally did here! I started with the crispy veggies, which was just a preview of what was to come! It was seriously so good. They describe it as a chow chow, I was still a little curious as to what it would taste like, but definitely glad to order it!

I'm happy to report they carry gluten free pasta, so I was able to order the lamb ragu. It wasn't with the papperdelle noodles (those are so good, I remember pre-gluten free), but it didn't matter. The flavor is what mattered, and it was delicious, with an ample amount of lamb. 

Service was excellent and we topped it off with dessert, which for me was a excellent hazlenut ice cream. It just capped off a wonderful dining experience in a casual, yet approachable restaurant.
This is FARM TO TABLE at it's finest. It is country-chic in design, with an edgy approach to American cooking.

The stars finally lined up yesterday, allowing us to go to HOM after bookmarking it for a visit after hearing and reading all the great reviews since the restaurant opened.

The space is small - perhaps 12  tables and a communal dining table of 6-8 seats. The "bar" is a cabinet with liquor choices on the selves. The open kitchen was very cool as you could watch
your food being prepared.

The first thing we learned after being seated is the online menu we found had been changed (goodbye angry crab spaghetti). Our waitress told us the menu changes often.

A nice touch was the sparkling water we drank compliments of the restaurant. 

This is a place where you share each plate. The portions are small yet enough to be shared by two. After a short deliberation process, we made our choices. We went with the crispy brocccoli, the stinging nettle pasta and the black bass.

The broccoli was delicious - fried with chow-chow and scallion, it was the prefect start to our meal.

The stinging nettle spaghetti with the fried soft shell crab was delightful. A small plate of bread served with this dish was equally good.

The fresh black bass with summer squash cucumber in a drunken fish sauce was perfect.

The Americano coffees we drank after our meal rocked - the right blend of dark roast coffee to finish a meal. The stramberries with ice cream and OH MY HIGHER POWER housemade graham crackers was off the hook.

Service was friendly and attentive.

We will definitely be returning to try their brunch.

Two thmbs up - way up  - for one of Phillys best restaurants.
Went for take out on Saturday night. A great deal and great food! Go support your local businesses during the pandemic!

Ordered online. Apparently they ran out of the pizza as we were ordering, but we got a call immediately letting us know and what was still available. We had the Staff meal (Biscotti, a salad, and duck sausage over pasta). Salad was a bit meh - very small and nothing too impressive. The pasta was delicious with freshly shaved cheese on top and a delicious red sauce with sausage. A good helping of it too. Had veal bolognese with rigatoni as our other entree. Even though they were basically the same thing (meat, red sauce, pasta), they tasted completely different which was great. There was a nice bitter bite to the veal bolognese added by some greens mixed in which was great. Our favorite of the two. Enough in both servings to save some for lunch the next day. Biscotti was delicious (and I don't usually like biscotti). Chocolate chip cookie on the side too which was excellent. Not too sweet and still soft even 2 hours after picking it up. 

They were also very nice and gave us two bagels for free since it was the end of the day. Had them the next morning. Perfectly fine bagels. 

They had a nice set up in the store with lots of space for everyone and things to sanitize your hands too. Nice decorations and I really liked the old time maps of Philly. 

Not too expensive, excellent food, and nice staff. Overall a great experience and highly recommended!
Was happy to bump into High Street on Market for lunch, as friends recommended it highly; but in the end it did not have the wow factor others have expressed. Service was delightfully sweet and good, and even helped my friend choose the most excellent Smoked Duck Cubano Sandwich with an incredible mustard! That sandwich was muy Bueno. 

High Street's version of the Roast Pork Sandwich was lacking. The provolone didn't taste sharp enough (perhaps because it was melted) and the broccoli rabe just wasn't spicy. Perhaps my expectations were set too high. The Old Bay Fried Potatoes were really good, as was the refreshing Strawberry Shrub vinegar cocktail. 

The place looks great, and I'll give them another chance for dinner when I'm in town next time.
tl;dr good farm-to-table restaurant with a wonderful ambiance, but make sure to order the right items to maximize your experience.

Although I have been to High Street several times for lunch, my partner and I recently had the opportunity to try out High Street for dinner. Make sure to book a table early for the weekends -- we managed to nab the final reservation of the night!

High Street looks like it's a renovated factory -- just walking into the waiting area, the restaurant showcases its brick walls and an antique factory door. Meanwhile, the restaurant interior opts for wooden walls and tables. While the bay window lets in a flood of light for lunch, the restaurant was dimly lit by antique light fixtures to set a gentler tone for dinner. Go with a slightly larger party and you get to sit at the awesome oak table at the window, perfect for photography and people watching. I love the open chef's counter in the corner -- it's always nice to see a restaurant that is confident enough in its chefs and staff that I will showcase them like that.

Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and was eager to help us to pair items that complemented each other. We ordered the Angry Crab Rangoon, Mussels, Half Brick Chicken, and Steak & Potato. The appetizers came out first. The rangoons were disappointing, as they seemed underfilled and were a bit soggy. Meanwhile, the mussels were fantastic -- the broth had a oniony flavor, and bread was served on the side to get every last drop! The entrees were surprisingly big! My partner loved her steak (cooked perfectly!), while I thought that High Street's take on fried chicken was good, although it came with a caesar salad that I didn't much care for.  We decided to cap off the night with a dessert and ordered the Butterscotch Pudding. While it tasted good, it was hilariously small! The pudding was served in the same glass that we had for water, but only went up about 1/4th of the way! For $10, I was expecting more for a dessert.

Overall, I was satisfied with the dining experience, but I believe that High Street is better for lunch than dinner.
I made a trip for lunch to this destination. I had a meeting near and I wanted to try this place out. 
It is a small sized location, but they had a seat for me. Service was very fast, I had a drink and water at my spot within minutes. The order was taken and before I could blink, my sandwich had arrived. 
I ordered a Turkey on a Kaiser Roll. The first bite to the last bite was delicious. The turkey was succulent. The herbs and items on the roll simply balanced the wonderful creation. The Kaiser roll was outstanding, if you can say that about a roll. I loved it was clearly freshly baked and not some store purchased item. 
I am also glad I decided to order a pastry from their small selection. I had a brioche donut with caramel sauce inside. It was a small bite of heaven. I wish there was more than one to order. But, alas it was the only one there. 
I am most certain I will be back when I have a meeting near again, or I just need to find an excuse to show up again. 
The staff was friendly and quick. 
The price was very reasonable, I was surprised that I got out of there with what I ordered for less than $20.
I've had my eyes on trying High Street since it opened a few years ago. I've just never had the chance to stop by until this past weekend. My boyfriend decided he wanted to treat me to a special meal to cover our anniversary and Valentines day (they're a week a part). I dressed up a bit but you can definitely get away with jeans here.

After the uber from hell, we arrived just in time for our 8pm reservation and were seated quickly. The waiter brought over water (we were offered distilled or sparking) and the menu right away. Since it was our first time, he briefly explained that the plates are supposed be shared and we should order 4-6 plates for the two of us. As I pursued the menu, I settled in and got to look around. The venue gives off a rustic barn type vibe with old fashioned light fixtures and wood accents. The kitchen is wide open so you can see right it to what the chefs were doing. 

They have a small beer selection, which was a little overpriced, but I went with a Berliner Weiss. We ended up ordering the breads and spreads, carrot pickles, Kennet square mushrooms, and a cauliflower pasta dish. I enjoyed the breads but some of the spreads just tasted a little funny. Especially the darkest one which I think was eggplant. None of the spread really complimented the breads but still it was tasty. The pickled carrots were not worth it in my opinion. There were very hard and difficult to eat. I did enjoy the yogurt they were dressed with but a hard pass next time. 

As we waited for the main dishes I was nervous because the appetizers fell very flat. Once the mushrooms arrived, everything changed. They were hearty, crispy, delicious bursts of flavor and love. We everything together so the fried egg coated everything in it's silky yolk. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. The pasta was equally delicious and came with more bread (I'll never complain about bread). I swirled the bread in the sauce, which was scrumptious, but the cauliflower and thick noodles paired together were perfect. 

Nothing on the dessert menu really caught my eye, so we decided to pass. This meal has stuck with me on the tip of my tongue since Saturday and I'm already plotting my next visit to Market street :)
As much as I don't like to give bad reviews, my experience here left me salty (literally) and dissatisfied. I came here about a week ago for my girlfriends birthday and we both ordered their tasting menu.  

To give them some credit, the food overall was cooked correctly, BUT seasoned very poorly. Almost all of our dishes were way too salty, especially the risotto and old bay pasta dish.  I am usually one who loves a good amount of salt on my food but the amount that was added to our dishes was just too much. We finished 3 jugs of water between the 2 of us because the dishes were so salty, and by the second or third bite, they were inedible. The group of people sitting next to us also complained of how salty the risotto was as well, confirming our belief that it was indeed too salty.  

I want to compliment the waitress who was kind and receptive to our concerns about the saltiness of the food, but the manager seemed more defensive when we gave her feedback. They did offer us a redo of a dish and offered us a complimentary dish from their sister neighboring restaurant Fork, and gave us a loaf of bread to go.  

Ironically, the complimentary pasta dish from Fork had the right amount of seasoning BUT cooked too al dente.  

Overall, I can only give this place a 2 star for their efforts in reversing the bad restaurant experience we had.  It's surprising for me to give such low reviews for a place that many of my friends consider pretty good overall. Could potentially have been a switch up of chefs that night that lead to the inconsistency of food quality/taste.
This was the first restaurant I checked out in Philadelphia and color me impressed.

High Street is moderate in size, probably 10-15 tables so it may be wise to have a reservation though not as crucial as say, Barbuzzo. I like how one can see the kitchen from anywhere. It can get pretty dim at night which can be a pro or con.

The food (starting from most memorable):
1) Smoked Mackerel on Toast--The simplest dish we ordered was the tastiest. It was topped with cucumber cream cheese, hot sauce, and watermelon radish. Did I also mention the portion size was generous?

2) Bratwurst--I forgot what was all in this dish, but in addition to the sausage which was the right amount of saltiness, it was paired with mixed greens and a creamy white sauce. All of the ingredients blended well together.

3) Duck Egg Carbonara--rye bucatini, smoked duck, pennsylvania pecorino, brussels kraut. Found this dish a bit too salty and the smoked duck resembled bacon bits--I don't remember any chunks of meat.

4) Surf clam--This ceviche was the most underwhelming dish of the night. For some reason, ceviche is a dish I always look forward to but they never end up the way I expect. By now, you would think I would stop ordering it. Taste was alright though there wasn't much clam--you could probably finish it in three-four scoops.

All in all, the dishes were a mixed bag. If I return, I'll make sure to avoid the carbonara and ceviche.
This review is for the bread. All of them are sourdough based. The potato bread is very soft and nice outer crust. Perfect for sandwich. The same bread served at a kitchen.The multigrain is very chewy but the crust is very hard.
High Street on Market? More like the highlight of my life.

I came to High Street on Market for lunch expecting quite a lot: it's gotten quite a lot of accolades and near universal praise, particularly for its bread and baked goods. 

The lunch menu is small, but impressively eclectic. If I told you that it was mostly soup, sandwiches, and salads, you might think,"Been there, done that." You may even yawn. But trust me, they are all perfectly executed and in many cases innovative. 

Take, for example, the grilled broccoli salad, featuring radicchio, spiced marcona almonds, shaved red onion, blistered grapes, and herb mayo. For a salad, the almonds and broccoli make it quite hearty and the flavors work incredibly well together. 

As for sandwiches, I opted for the pastrami on rye with cabbage slaw, russian dressing, and gulden's mustard. Upon serving it to me, my waiter said, "I worship this sandwich." A few moments later, I instantly understood. 

First, the bread was perfect. This is where High Street on Market famously shines, and all the praise is deserved. This was a moist, flavorful, pillow-yet-sturdy rye, the stuff dreams are made of. 

Next, the pastrami, while served room temperature, was very well-cooked and extremely flavorful. I was at first a bit surprised to have the pastrami only room temperature, as I'm used to getting it served hot (and I'm still curious as to why the chef serves it this way), but it was still delicious. 

The dressing, mustard, and cabbage rounded everything out. 

With a tiny sample of just the lunch menu, High Street on Market left a lasting impression on me. I cannot wait to come back for a dinner, when the chefs go even more seasonal and creative. That said, I also want to come back for breakfast to sample some of the pastries, which, if past is prologue, are sure to be fantastic. And heck, I can't wait to return for lunch, either. 

Waiter-sandwich-worshipper, as a new convert myself, I'll be seeing you again soon.
High Street on Market is known for its weekend line wrapped around the block (two-hour wait time). My friends, and I went for lunch on a Friday, and luckily we didn't have to wait. 
I ordered a fresh-baked breadboard for the table and I had a delightful Mushroom Melt -the most addictive sandwich you'll ever eat- some would say. 
Highly recommended:
- Friendly service.
- Delicious food.
- Reasonable prices.

Four Solid Yelps
I can think of few other establishments in this city that repeatedly impress me throughout the course of a single meal with something as fundamental as bread, especially given how fashionable anti-gluten sentiments have grown. And yet, a recent meal at High Street was punctuated during every course by superlative riffs on that magical combination of flour, water, and yeast. Indeed, these carbohydrate laden creations anchored most of the delicious bites we had on a surprisingly quiet Saturday brunch. 

Our initial sampler of house baked breads (six slices with cultured butter for $4) arrived warm from the oven. Each flavor possessed a crisp crust with a astonishingly tender crumb, providing just enough yeasty tang to balance the different flavors. We opted for the High Street's simple yet deftly executed eggplant sandwich and outstanding black bialy as mains. The house-baked, semolina roll on the eggplant sandwich outclassed standbys such as Sarcone's with a hearty yet tender texture that kept the sandwich's components firmly in place. The quality of the eggplant shone as well, and it may eventually displace Paesano's Giardina as my favorite herbivorous option in Philly.  

For all the praise I heap on the aforementioned sandwich, I double it for the bialy. The combination of house smoked, just-fishy-enough whitefish, bright pickled cherry peppers, nutty sesame seeds, and an ineffably good squid ink roll translated into sheer gustatory nirvana. A bargain, too, at $5.50. As a small dessert, we shared a hazelnut escargot pastry. The concentric, flaky layers of borderline savory dough complemented sugary candied nuts quite well; the pastry satisfied immensely. The food we sampled earns five-stars, but our inattentive waitress provided clunky service relative to her peers. Our total damage was a fairly scant $25, a steal given the quality of the baking and cooking the kitchen puts out. If you consider yourself a lover of bread, High Street is a must. Even if you don't, get yourself there to restore your faith in the most elemental of foods.
Bottom Line: A quaint spot for coffee, baked goods, cocktails or a meal.

High Street on Market is a small restaurant located in Philly's Old City.  It's a charming spot that kicks off the morning with their own baked goods and local coffee.  They have a lot of sandwiches on the menu so I think this is a great spot for breakfast, lunch or a light dinner. Although I think the dinner menu has some heavier options too. 

During my lunch time visit I was super tempted by the grilled cheese or duck cubano but to keep it on the lighter side I got a roasted turkey sandwich which really hit the spot along with a Bloody Mary. It was the perfect lunch.  Also perfect was the friendly and attentive service.

Aside from making their own baked goods, High Street on Market brews local coffee, use a local spirits and sources local ingredients which makes this a local gem.
The delicious 8 course tasting menu is an exercise in gluttony. 

Along with 2 of my coworkers, we attacked the tasting menu with mouth watering anticipation. The courses came out quicker than I could finish taking pictures, but they were mostly good. A few of the courses weren't on the menu and we later learned they were specials of the day.

The first was shrimp chips with a foie gras paste with cooked shrimp under it. This was delicious and amazing.

The 2nd course was a shaved root vegetable, like a raw white radish, that I wasn't took keen on. It came out with ricotta and maybe a frozen pear ball flavor or something. 

The 3rd was some type of flush sashimi with veggies, this was absolutely delicious.

The bread program came after with 3 types of bread and three spreads. One was some type of berry bread, an ancient grain, and something else. The spreads were a fruit composite (my favorite), a smoked sesame, and some type of sweet potato. All were delicious.

Then came a kale salad with a variety of random cooked mushrooms on an eggplant sauce, my favorite dish of all. Definitely order this if they have it and you like mushrooms. 

The next two were a meat rigatoni with whole wheat pasta I think and some sort of stuffed pasta in a cream sauce with thinly sliced cauliflower that looked like... brain. Both were good but nothing to write home about. 

The final course included two desserts. One was a chocolate pudding with a raspberry sorbet and crumbled chocolate and a chocolate truffle, delicious.  The second was some type of custard, which was also good.
Seven dollars for a teeny tiny bowl of soup that didn't even come with bread.  The place is a freaking bakery, would it kill them to include a slice of bread?  It's not like they are paying another vendor for their baked goods.  It would cost them so little.  That they only provide bread for $3 is just an insult to customers.  I have no interest in paying $10 for a tiny cup of soup with bread.  For that price the soup has to be orgasmic.  This sweet potato soup was warming and good but not orgasmic. 

My friend had a bunch of different salads.  The beet salad was very good.  The cauliflower salad really lacked flavor.  Broccoli rabe salad had a fine flavor but abundance of oddly flavored onions that gave a slime factor to the whole experience and the garbanzos were under cooked.

Finally, when I asked if any of their meat was organic, the waitress nicely went to check for me.  She came back saying that nobody in the kitchen could agree whether or not the meat was organic so she didn't know, and that organic is too hard to define.  Well actually people, organic is something quite specific, you just don't know your meats.
(to the tune of "Hey Jude" by The Beatles)

High Street... can't make it bad.
Take some great bread, and make it better
That butter, you want it inside your mouth
Then you will start feeling better

High Street - I was afraid
Of the brunch lines, so we went early
That fried egg, sunny-side up
One bite and I, well I just felt better

And let's not forget the dinner - at sweet High Street
The pasta fills my tum with joy, oh boy
For well you know that it's a fool who skips the bread
By avoiding carbs, trying to play coy

High Street - never lets me down
Once you've found it, you won't forsake it
Remember - the eats are worth any wait
And you'll feel so glad, once you have made it....

Breakfast, lunch, or dinner - High Street is my first choice in Old City. A bread-lover's paradise, there's no end to the tasty spreads, butters, jams that can enhance these doughy bites. And their pasta, filled with fresh seafood, veggies, or savory sauces and meats, is some of the best I've had outside of Italy. Worth the trip, worth the wait, but get reservations for dinner if you can!
I had an incredible Mother's Day meal here with my mom and brother. I truly would have never expected this from simply walking in - the atmosphere can be best described as humble and down to earth.

A few dishes that stood out include the: roasted carrot hummus, scallop crudo, crispy broccoli, duck carbonara, and the rhubarb dessert.

The beef bolognese and the primal supply bratwurst were good but I will likely not reorder. The Kennett Square Mushrooms was the only dish all three of us abandoned.

Server was awesome - great attitude and positive energy. He recommended to us the rhubarb dessert and I'm glad we tried it. Unique combination of sweet and tart.

Overall experience has left my brother excited to visit their other restaurant (High Street on Hudson) in NY.
What a wonderful experience tonight when I visited High Street on Market. This restaurant has been on my "must visit" list for a while now, and so I decided to try it tonight while traveling to Philly for business. It was one of the best dining experiences I've had this year. My service and treatment was so good that I thought someone must have seen my Yelp Elite status -- but I had no reservation, so I think they just treat every guest in a way that is so attentive and special. Two servers waited my table, and the manager came by for a nice conversation as well.

This menu is a big on the "High" side at dinner -- pun intended -- because it will be necessary to order at least 2 items at $15 to 25 per item for one person. Add wine and dessert, and it easily becomes an hefty bill. My server recommended two items, but I honestly think I could have been satisfied with the angry crab spaghetti alone. Of course, I would have missed out on the delicious goodness of the appetizer. I chose the German rye bread accompanied by incredible squash hummus, and the angry crab pasta for my entree. Both were great. I do wish the bites of crab in the pasta would have been a bit more substantial given the $23 price tag, but it still was delightful.

I love that this restaurant provides complementary sparkling water. The fresh breads with the white bean, eggplant and preserves spreads were a great way to start the meal. I personally loved the preserves most. 

Kudos to High Street for innovative and beautiful food, and the warm service to match.
My sister and I dined here early on a Saturday for dinner.  The service was very professional and well-dressed, the interior theme ("omg, the denim napkins were adorbs") likewise admirable.  The food was disappointingly uniform and uninteresting, mostly due to an unmistakable failure in preparation: it was almost all, regardless of the dish, butter and salt.  All but the bread, that is.  But one should never ask her dining guest in the midst of the sixth dish what the favorite course is, and arrive at the answer "the bread."

We ordered primarily vegetarian dishes due to our own dietary preferences.  We had: the bread and spreads appetizer, the mushrooms with farm egg, the dry aged beets, burrata with roasted vegetables and herb anchovy dressing, a turnip agnolotti (stuffed pasta purses), and the highly reputed sunflower risotto.  We like vegetables.  The entire evening, I had nary a taste of one.

There was an eggplant theme to the evening.  One of the bread spreads was eggplant, as well as a stated component of the mushroom dish, which consisted of beautiful roasted mushrooms with whole sunchokes atop a small pond of "eggplant" sauce and topped with an egg.  The primary flavor was fat and salt.  None of the earthy smoky tones one would anticipate from mushrooms and eggplant.  At one point, I crunched down on something that tasted like sugary lardons afloat in the pool at the bottom of the bowl.  Some might prefer these tastes to that of a true vegetable, but after sampling our other items, it grew to be overwhelming.

To be fair, the burrata and the beets did not strongly smack of butter and salt as did everything else  The burrata was beautiful on the plate and accompanied by carrots and another crunchy root vegetable.  The anchovy in the dressing was well-balanced by the herbs.  But the burrata didn't really behave like burrata, in that the center of the cheese resisted breaking into the loose creamy curds one would expect.  In contrast, the beets were well-prepared, but the flavors (lemon, goat cheese) fairly predictable.  

Back to the butter and salt.  After slowing down on these smaller dishes, the risotto arrived.  It was very pretty: green, adorned with lily-pad shavings of a mushroom.  It looked really nice and the sunflower seed texture (no rice) was pleasant, but I must say: I do not know what made it green.  My first mouthful was more one of briny oatmeal.  I reached for my water glass, drained it, and poured more.  After a quick consensus and awkward standoff in which neither of our forks moved, the waiter (who was really truly charming; I felt bad!) whisked it away at the mere hint of our "too salty" complaint - perhaps he had heard this before.  The kitchen re-made the dish for us, and it was much less salty when it re-arrived.  But by that point we were exhausted.  There just was not much diversity on the palette.

Turnip agnolotti: it was served in a chive-dotted butter broth and adorned with shavings of raw and pickled turnips (similar theme presentation to the beets, but with more salt).  I puckered with the first pickled turnip.  It was so intense, so briny, and there was no balance since the rest of the dish was salt-butter broth.  The textures and presentation were nice, and I really wanted to like it (something in me was hungry to like it) but I couldn't suffer past a few more bites.

Regrettably, we were not graced with the complimentary cookie/biscuit at our exit after declining dessert, though we inspected and wondered about them from our seats.  Please excuse any perceived saltiness to this review, but it was the only taste left in my mouth. 

p.s. -the wine was delightful, and chosen from some more obscure origins, but it was ghastly over-priced.
Came in on a saturday around 2 for and had a 30 minute wait.

Started with a bloody mary, one of the best in the city. They garnish with pickled veggies and use their homemade pepper jam (I kinda made that name up but its amazing). 

We started with brussels which were delicc. Of course I ordered the pastrami hash sandwich because... have you seen the pics? The sandwich is huge and costs only $10.50.

I'll def come back and check out some of the other items they have to offer.
This is why I love Yelp. It leads me to wonderful gems like High Street on Market. 

Upon entering we were told they only had seats by the kitchen, which if you know me, that is always a plus. You get better attention and service when you sit by the kitchen. 

Service goes a long way, and our waitress was fantastic. Friendly, helpful, and attentive. She fielded any question we had, and was always there to check in on us. 

We started out by getting some drinks, they had a good selection of different libations. We then tried some of their spreads. Really good way to start off our meal. I was eyeing those duck meatballs, but we already had duck earlier. We opted for the Angry Crab Pasta. It's one of the best dishes I've had. Make sure to try it. 

The place is attached to the restaurant next door. They share the restrooms in the back. Apparently the owners owns the place next door too. I'm not surprised. They seem to know what they're doing.
Ate brunch here Sunday afternoon with the boyfriend and his sister and it was the best decision I made that weekend.  

Coffee is made by Rival Brothers and it is absolutely DELICIOUS. Definitely recommend buying a cup.  We all ordered sandwiches: duck meatball, pastrami & hash breakfast sandwich, and the forager.  I ordered the pastrami hash that came with a very large green pickled/grilled pepper.  It had the right amount of spiciness and bite that perfectly complimented the sandwich, however my boyfriend was furiously sweating and downing glasses of water after each bite of his pepper.  The pastrami and hash is stuffed with the perfect amount of peppers, hash, and pastrami to keep you full 'til dinner time.  The pastrami is thick and flavorful, the peppers perfectly pickled, and the hash adds a nice savor to each bite.  



My only regret is not buying any of their delicious-looking pastries!
So glad I randomly found this place before leaving PA.  We needed something quick to take to go for breakfast.  I ordered via phone and requested the foyager sandwich which is eggs, kale, oyster mushrooms, cheese on a bun.  I asked for them to cut it in half and add ketchup since they didn't have any packets to go.  I got there and decided to get a latte while I waited.  I loved the interior of this restaurant.  Not a lot of seating but very quaint.  I loved that the kitchen was right there where we can see everything they're doing.  They cut the sandwich in half but no ketchup however I wasn't disappointed.  The sandwich was packed with flavor.  I absolutely loved the added touch of the oyster mushrooms!
Overall solid and worth trying. Dishes are unique, not all of them outstanding. The Kennett Square mushrooms and bucatini are particularly great.
Refined eats in relaxed digs. High Street on Market is a versatile restaurant in Old City serving creative and approachable American food along with a drink menu that highlights local distilleries, wineries and breweries. A nice place to come with a group of friends or a less-than-high maintenance date (I don't want to say *low* maintenance but we're not talking about Laurel or Vetri Cucina here). Everything here is fresh and seasonal and the general energy is open and welcoming. While the food didn't blow me away, everything was solid at the very least with a few standouts along the way. 

Came here with the parents and bf at 8pm on a Friday night. Though it feels casual (wear whatever your heart desires), don't underestimate what the kitchen is capable of. Normal tables, high tops and booths, but make sure to make a reservation if you plan to come at peak time, as High Street isn't too big of a space. 

The drinks at High Street are just as noteworthy as anything else here. For starters, there's clearly been a huge effort here to feature local distributors. I hadn't heard of most of the breweries, wineries and distilleries on the menu. Now, I'm not sure how excited I am by Pennsylvanian wine, but again, I appreciate the effort. I've now discovered quite a few new bourbons and ryes that I'd like to sample in the future and I can do so as a proud Philly girl.

Low key, High Street has an outstanding mixology program. All cocktails, across the board, are fantastic. Creative, delicious and executed flawlessly. I went into the evening expecting to their three-for-30 deal (one cocktail, one glass of wine, one digestif) but I couldn't get enough of the mixed drinks here. Between the four of us, we sampled most of the (small but mighty) cocktail menu. My first drink was the Dad's Vacation (dad's hat rye, cucumber-lemon-jalapeño shrub, pineapple), tied for my favorite of the night. That shrub is a thing of the heavens. Sweet, spicy, paired perfectly with the rye. A wonderfully transitional drink.

The bf's first drink (and my second) was the Four Leaf Laura (st. george terroir gin, raspberry cordial, lo-fi amaro, lemon, egg white), which was reminiscent of a Clover Club. And now that I'm seeing the name, perhaps this was a subtle nod to one of my very favorite classics. Something about gin, raspberry and egg white just make for an excellent flavor profile--impeccably balanced and tasty as heck. 

The other two cocktails our group tried were the All the Colors (créme de violette, green chartreuse, bluecoat gin, cherry herring, lime) and the Bitter Queen (don ciccio limoncello and amaro ferro-kina, lemon and sugar). Both very creative and interesting. I preferred the All the Colors but both were yummy. 

Food-wise, there's a nice mix of everything. Nothing too exciting or daring but all-around well-executed and satisfying. Splitting small plates is a nice route, as even some of the entrees are quite shareable. Dishes are fresh and seasonal, everything feels very local and homey. Eats, below:

Pennsylvania Meats and Cheese Board: A
Thought it took awhile for this to arrive (more on that later), everything was delicious. Two of the three cheeses were a bit milder than what I typically prefer, but that's not their fault. Still tasty. All of the charcuterie was delicious. The scrapple, though certainly not the healthiest option, was a fun change of pace. Don't forget to make use of the onion jam. 

Roasted Carrots w/ crispy polenta: A-
Pretty straightforward, not too exciting. Seasoned well, paired nicely with the spinach and pine nuts. The crispy polenta was just okay and left much to be desired--if done correctly, it could've added a lot to the dish.

Crispy Mixed Vegetables w/ chow-chow, white bean hummus: A-
Basically glorified vegetable tempura. The presentation is a bit odd: a tiny cup of fried veggies and a large plate of hummus served on the side. Someone in the kitchen should perhaps adjust the proportions here. The vegetables themselves were nothing special but the hummus was quite tasty. I'd request extra bread. 

Beet Salad: A
Yummy and fresh. Came with some candied walnuts and a whipped dip. Tried and true combo of flavors and textures.

Steak & Potatoes: B+/A-
We ordered this medium rare and it was solid, not outstanding. More straightforward than I was expecting and the steak was just a hair too salty. Beautiful presentation, though, and the shoestring potatoes made for a fun take on a classic. The sauce beneath the potatoes was tasty on the steak but too heavy for the potato laces themselves.

Small note on service: touch-and-go, though our waitress was super helpful and friendly. We just waited a comically long time for our first plate (the meat/cheese board) to arrive, which felt silly at the time given nothing actually needed to be cooked to prepare the dish. Our waitress did apologize, citing that the kitchen was backed up. It's a small operation, though, so don't want to fault them too much.
This place is fancy. Love the feel and ambiance of this place. I went here with a couple friends and got the chefs table (high top sitting right in front of the kitchen). It's very cool to watch the chefs cook. 

I got to rave about the food. Everything that I ate had so much flavor. I usually just swallow my food after couple bites but, I wanted to keep chewing over and over again because it tasted so freaking good. The the memorable dish is the make your own sandwich with spicy jelly. Oh my Lord... That spicy jelly was something else. All the other for too was fantastic. 

The seatings are small; I feel like I was a little squished ; partly cause I'm a bigger guy so if you are coming, just keep in mind the place is popping and there are many people with you wanting to part take in the delicious festivities. 

The price isn't too terrible either, affordable for a good night out. I would totally go back and you should try it too
I came here for restaurant week and I was a little underwhelmed. I had heard from many people that this place was a must-go. However, I found the restaurant week menu to be limited and meh. I really wish I had gone for brunch because I hear only positive things about that. To start my experience, this place is small (like definitely make a reservation if you want to eat here ever). I had made a reservation and month in advance for my table but at the last minute, we had one person drop out. I decided to call and let the restaurant know... so they moved our five person party to a four person booth with a chair at the end. I got stuck at this chair and it was in a really high traffic area and I kept getting bumped into.. not the best decision of the hostess to move us there. For starters, I got the crispy broccoli, which were good, because everyone on yelp raves about them but I was like, meh! They were definitely crispy though! My friend got the mushroom dish, which was much much better. Would definitely recommend that. For my entree, I got the steak and potato, which was also good. Note, I keep saying "it was good" .. I didn't think that any of it blew my mind like people say and I'll state that there other things on the menu that sounded better but because I don't eat pork, I wasn't able to get them.. there was the boar pasta that sounded AMAZING and that the waiter recommended so maybe try that when you go. I think food, I would give this place 3.5 stars. Service is why I decided to round these guys up to 4 stars total. Despite the seating arrangement, our waiter was amazing and very attentive. I'd give this place another go but I think it will be for brunch only.
Restaurant came highly recommended by a family member as well as many websites and Yelp. Also featured as one of the best Philly restaurant week deals. It did not disappoint. The restaurant week deal was 3 courses for $35. Considering the main menu items are in the 20s and low 30s this is a great deal.

Started out with some of their famous bread which was laced with orange peel. It was a nice change from plain bread. It was fluffy on the inside with a crispy crust as bread should be. I had the negroni. We also got some apps including burrata, cheese curds with shishito peppers and Damariscotta Maine oysters - loved all of these! The oysters were so fresh, burrata was creamy, and the addition of shishito peppers to the cheese curds was nicely balanced.

For our mains we chose the steak and mushroom and corn pasta. I am a sucker for mushrooms and pasta so I was a happy camper. My husband's steak was perfectly cooked and tender.

For dessert we tried the banana pudding that was topped with peanut brittle and a Boston cream cake. By this time we were struggling to finish our meal. The banana pudding was good but it was a little thin compared to what I'm used to but flavor was there on both desserts.

The service was excellent even though they were swamped they still managed to frequent our table and refill waters as needed. I liked the outside seating area where we people watched and enjoyed the breeze.
Vibes: refined but laid-back, simple, homey 

Dinner:
-smoked bluefish: served with some crusty, seedy bread slices and squirt bottle of house-made tangy jalapeño sauce , fluffy cream cheese layered with chunks of clean-tasting fish and chopped radish and cucumber on top; our server also brought us some sweet onion bread to mop up the remaining spread
-squid ink gnocchetti with octopus: crunchy from the breadcrumbs, chewy from the al dente pasta, tender softness from the slices of octopus, with a light, refreshing, sweet pepper sauce
-kenneth square mushrooms: crispy, roasted assorted mushrooms with leafy greens take a dip in the richly umami truffle mushroom soup with an egg yolk stirred in to make a very unique and flavorful dish; the black peppery paste is concentrated in flavor and goes well with the soup and mushrooms
-pumpkin streusel cake: crumbly texture held together with a swipe in the pureed date sauce and contrasted with a spoonful of the accompanying maple ice cream that is surprisingly mild in sweetness; roasted pear adds the sweetest touch to the dessert

Noteworthy:
-attentive service with plates and silverware switched between each course and water refills
-dishes are served one at a time at a good pace

Will be back for: the amazing bread, especially in sandwich form for either breakfast and lunch!
I used to live right around the corner from High Street on Market, this was a regular spot for my roommates and me. It's easily in my top 5 spots in the city. The food here is excellent. I'd come here for breakfast and lunch a lot (and of course brunch on the weekends). I'd highly recommend the Forager for breakfast, and the broccoli salad for lunch, though really I don't recall ever eating anything here I didn't like. I think I vaguely remember one time I had something that was just okay, but easily overshadowed by all the delightful. 
Their baked goods are wonderful. I always finished off my meal with a pastry or mini cake. One thing I never quite learned was that their bagels look like doughnuts, and are situated right next to the pastries. Unfortunately they don't make doughnuts, so I'd always have a brief moment of disappointment. Usually followed by a delicious butter cake. 
The staff was almost always pleasant and friendly. 

I went here less often at night, so I have less to say for their dinner menu . The food was still great. Strangely, it feels like a different restaurant at night. 

Overall, highly recommend High Street on Market.
My husband had tried to go to the Royal Boucherrie, not knowing the place was closed at brunch. Then I just really craved something delicious and remembered how delicious High Street's bread was at Headhouse farmers market and at plenty cafe. 
Yelp said it was closing in a couple minutes but we ran over "just in case" or at least to buy a pastry. 
The waitress was so nice to let us stay for a meal. We ordered the last chocolate croissant, a veggie grain bowl, and the avocado toast. 
I was a bit disappointed with my grain bowl as there was an overwhelming ratio of Israeli couscous vs grain,  as that's just really a lot of pasta and not the ancient grains which I was hoping for. I am trying to avoid pasta. I was wishing I had gotten what the neighboring table got which was the crunchy broccoli salad bowl. That looked great. 
The avocado toast was good. Not too much excitement there. Had some sort of chili oil thing drizzled on it. 

I really liked the pickled chowchow and pickled peppers on the table for additional flavor to add to a dish. 

While we waited a while for our lunch to be served at least 10-15 min, I had been waiting and waiting for the croissant to be brought over. The waiters were busy and it was hard to flag them over as they were cleaning up and ringing people out.  I started to get paranoid as people were coming in just to buy bread or pastries. I literally panicked every time someone looked at the last chocolate croissant and I finally grabbed a guy who wasn't our waiter to beg for the pastry to be brought now before it was sold. He then said - oh I thought you already ate it, and then asked our waitress to grab it. By that time our lunch came so I asked to have it bagged up for later. Anyways. It was good
I have never talked to anyone who has been to High Street on Market and didn't like it.  I think that's because it's just a really great place with cool atmosphere serving food all day.  It is related to its sister restaurant next door - Fork - but has its own vibes.  Service seems a bit friendlier here than at Fork.  As for the food - one of my favorite sandwiches is served up at lunch.  That is a smoked bluefish made with cucumber cream cheese on toast.  It is really good.!  I like to add to it a lot of the Cha Cha Sauce condiment that they have on every table.  Then it is a perfect sandwich. Try the bluefish on toast out and see for yourself!
As far as "dining out" is concerned, High Street on Market being open has been one of those "luxury" things we were most thankful for throughout this pandemic.

As fans of their sister restaurant, Fork, next door, we were grateful to be able to still get our hands on their incredible baked goods, and order takeout meals of a quality that made us almost feel like we were still living a pre-pandemic lifestyle...at least on the plate.

Oddly enough, we had never really eaten at High Street prior to the closures, but we had purchased plenty of bread for takeout, and had numerous pastries while dining at Fork. The bread is top-notch, and they have a great selection of consistent varieties, while throwing a few curve balls in there from time to time, as well. At the moment, the options aren't as numerous, but they're still wonderful and we tend to get at least one each week. Their potato bread is perhaps the most uniquely-memorable, but in a town with a lot of great bread bakers, all of their options can hold their own with the best of them! Their pastries are also wonderful. We've yet to have one that we didn't enjoy! The prices for all of the baked goods are super fair, too, and thankfully are easier to get than finding your own flour to bake yourself!

As for the meals, we can only comment on the takeout options currently available, which have all been great! There have been mostly savory options, which have been perfect for the cooler, early-Spring weather, combined with cabin fever we're experiencing. It should be interesting to see if there's a shift in the menu direction or not with the warmer months approaching, but either way, it's tasty! The price points for the family meals have been more than fair, too, offering sizable portions that should leave you full and happy!

As if the food wasn't satisfying enough, their staff has been incredible every time we've gone in, pre and post-pandemic. They've always been really excited to answer questions about their breads and are really knowledgeable about what's happening in the bakery and kitchen there. During these crazier times, they've continued to be really friendly every time we've picked some food up. You'd think there'd be a bit more edge with so many changes to the rules and regulations right now, but nope, they're shifting with the times and still offering up the positive energy that makes us think there are definitely smiles under those masks! Regardless, they're definitely keeping the smiles in our bellies!

Keep up the great work!
It is Restaurant Week in Philly, so I always try to make a reservation or two these two weeks to try somewhere new.  After perusing the menus a few weeks ago, I decided High Street on Market would be one of those new places.  I'm glad I made my reservations when I did, as subsequently spectacular reviews of the place came out in the City Paper and the Inquirer.  No doubt that  reservations will be tougher to acquire soon.  The Restaurant Week menu got us two dishes each from the "to share" section of the menu, one pasta dish, and a choice of two desserts.  There was also a $15 beverage pairing, which provided a glass of wine with both the first and second courses.  Both wines in the beverage pairing were good and the pours were generous.  Wine by the class on their menu is typically more expensive than this, so the pairing was also a relatively good value.  The regular menu is also available.

To Share:

My friend and I split the Mike's Kale Chips, Crispy Broccoli, Squash Hummus, and Mushrooms.  The "to share" dishes came out as the kitchen prepared them.  The kale chips were crisp, thin, salty, and well seasoned--topped with toasted sesame seeds.  The chips were followed by the squash hummus, which comes with two servings of dense seed-packed ginger bread.  The hummus was good, and slightly sweet from the squash.  We had way more hummus than bread, and left half of the bowl behind because we had nothing to scoop it up with.  The Crispy Broccoli was my second favorite dish of the night.  It is VERY lightly battered with a tempura-like breading and served with a side of chow chow, which is a spicy relish.  It was perfectly cooked, crunchy and crisp, and beyond delicious.  Our final "to share" plate was the mushrooms, which consisted of various types of roasted/grilled mushrooms in a bowl with a farm fresh egg and smoky eggplant and sunchoke puree.  The smoky eggplant and sunchoke puree mixed with the farm fresh egg was good, but for me, didn't add enough flavor to the mushrooms to make it into a "dish" instead of just a bowl full of mushrooms.  I probably would try something else instead next time I come back (maybe two dishes of the broccoli!).

Entree:

My friend and I are complete suckers for all things duck, so we both got the Green Tea Garganelli with Duck Ragu for our main course.  As soon as the fragrant dishes were served, we both started drooling.  You can smell the succulent, fatty duck as soon as the plate is within ten feet of your table.  The pasta is hand rolled and was perfectly cooked--it gave just the right amount of resistance when I bit into it.    We both cleaned our plates, despite being full from our first four dishes.  I will definitely be ordering this again . . . and again . . . and again.

Dessert and coffee:

The coffee is Rival Brothers and prepared in a french press.  It was delicious, as expected.  The desserts offered with the Restaurant week menu were a buckwheat crumb cake and chocolate trifle.  We got one of each and split them.  The trifle was good, very chocolaty, and my friend loved it.  I thought the crumb cake was the star.  It was light and fluffy, the amount of sour cream sauce was just right to add some additional moisture to the cake and the fruit slices that were integrated into the cake added some natural sweetness.  

In sum, I would highly recommend the crispy broccoli and the duck ragu. The strength of those two dishes will have me adding High Street on Market to my regular restaurant rotation.
Cozy little cafe off of market st. Came here for a small bite during Saturday brunch time. I ordered the lamb meatball sandwich and my girlfriend tried the turkey sandwich. Both were pretty delicious. They all came with a long roasted green pepper. Spicy lovers will enjoy but heck no for me lol. Prices I thought were okay for the portions but yet again they are a cafe.

You can drink beers or have a nice classic glass bottle Coke. If you come during December you can park on the st for free since Philly doesn't collect for parking fees during the holidays. Other spots to check out in the area is independence hall and happily ever after up the block.
The new High Street is more of a to go café than a restaurant. I went there for lunch with a friend and we sat at one of only two tables inside, after placing our orders. There are a couple more tables outside. I ordered the Turkey Goddess, a turkey sandwich with b&g pepper aioli, lettuce, tomato, on a sesame bun. The aioli was outstanding and elevated the sandwich well beyond the normal dry turkey sandwich. It was sooo delicious! I'll definitely go back to order it again, as it's my new favorite turkey sandwich. I also added a slice of cake, which was so unmemorable that I can't remember what kind of cake I had. I forgot to take pictures.

I can't give the new High Street 5 stars because it's not the same overall 5 star experience of the previous restaurant. But the turkey goddess is a 5 star sandwich.
Pains me to give this review.  I love all food and generally give good reviews.    I think the service at dinner was the biggest problem.    

All four of us ordered the chefs tasting menu and it started with a bang!   The potted shrimp dish goes down as one of the best I've had in years.   It seemed to go downhill from there.

The biggest issue our party had was some of the portions.  There were four of us each ordering the tasting menu....yet courses like the bread course and brussel's sprout course were so bizarre.   So for four people there were two pieces of bread (of each kind)....odd for four people and extra odd when I noticed the exact same portion for tables of two.   On a side note...the bread is AWESOME.   Then came the sprout dish.   1 1/2 brussel's sprouts total.  For four people.   They were cut in 1/2.  So we had 3 halves.   Not joking.

The food all tasted solid but between the service and the odd portions....just not rushing back anytime soon for dinner.

It sounds like brunch and lunch are the way to go.
I've been meaning to come to this place ever since Michelle told me that it was one of her faves in Old City. For some reason, I feel like the regular menu didn't cater to my obscene and unrealistic self-imposed dietary restrictions for normal brunch. My little love ball and I had a rare late morning/afternoon off in the middle of the week and thus the perfect opportunity to patronize this place with a minimal wait. 

This place is right on Market street (SHOCKER) and thus a high traffic area. Upon entrance, I was actually surprised at its small size (not the first time, amirite?) and it's more of a cafe/bakery/restaurant than a straight up restaurant. I felt the warm breath of the baked loaves tickling the back of my neck throughout the meal. 

We were seated immediately and briskly our server greeted us with waters. We both ordered bloody marys. I wasn't particularly a fan of their bloody marys which isn't a major surprise given the fact that I'm usually not unless it's Mr. & Mrs. T's. I don't know if you've ever had that shit but that shit is literally so fucking good that if you're anything like me, you'll overdo it to such a degree that within a week or two you'll be so disgusted by the even the essence of vegetable juice. This took place in the autumn of 2018 and so I've had ample time to recover. Still, this bloody mary was adequate in the spiciness department but I was turned off with the subsequent mouthful of horseradish. It was actually difficult for me to finish it and I had to force myself to take larger gulps to quickly to polish it off and thus ready for my next beverage. There was some twilight zone shit going on bc I felt like each time I took a sip the drink level in the glass ROSE. 

Anyways, for our meals we both ordered a salad. Bae ordered the cobb and I the grilled broccoli salad w/o grapes and croutons and greek goddess dressing bc I'm a bitch for that stuff. I don't know if you've noticed but cooked broccoli smells like farts and there was no exception here. The broccoli tasted pretty good though, a smidge overdone. The greens were delicious and the green goddess was a good choice. The dressing quantity was perfect, there was definitely enough but not overwhelming. There are also seasoned almonds which are delicious and a nice addition to the other components of the salad. Despite my ingredient modifications, the salad was still very enjoyable and I would recommend it. 

The cobb salad looked exquisite. Egg, bacon, turkey, avocado mash (which I tried, divine), and a bunch of other tasty ingredients.

Anyways, this place probably has exceptional bread and sandwiches for people who eat normally. I would definitely recommend.
Their Grilled Cheese Sandwich TRULY is the best grilled cheese ever.  $12

Cheddar cheese on roasted potato bread that's been buttered perfectly.  

Do yourself a favor and do the following;
Dice up the "hotlong" (the roasted green chile) they serve on the board next to the grilled cheese. Dice it up into small pieces and add it to the inside of the sandwich.  Its HOT but absolutely delicious in small quantities.  It really takes the sandwich to another level.
After a long time on my "Restaurants to Try" list, I finally stopped by High Street on Market for breakfast this past Sunday.

Four of us arrived just before 11am and had no problem getting a seat, by the time we were leaving, around 11:45, the place was PACKED, though - easily 15 people waiting for a seat. 

The entirety of the breakfast menu looked good to me, but I finally decided on the Pastrami & Hash sandwich. I've heard raves about the pastries and bread, but I wanted something a bit more substantial. The sandwich was really terrific - meaty, fresh, and layered with surprising and interesting flavors. The only real downside to my meal was the actual plate/board. It was served on a rustic, small serving/cutting board. When I cut my sandwich in half, the (perfectly cooked) egg yolk ran all over the board and a bit onto the table. Again, not a knock on the food at all - more of a logistical conundrum. Form over function?

Others at the table ordered the Beet Cured Salmon, which really appealed to me, although it was definitely on the small side. I'm not sure how substantial it was compared to my sandwich, but it received "yum's" all around the table.

Service was terrific - hot (delicious) coffee a plenty, friendly smiles, and great attention to detail.

Can't wait to stop by again!
Cute place with good energy and friendly staff. Lots of interesting items on the menu. Loved the charred broccoli. Scallops and Caesar salad were both good. Ricotta was a generous serving, a bit on the sweet side, but served with some fantastic bread. Pasta in the Crab spaghetti dish was cooked perfectly, but the dish was too salty for me. Maybe I'm just not a fan of the Old Bay seasoning. Good place for a group that likes to share a bunch of small plates.
Great food, service, environment, quality. I love everything about High Street on Market!
Stopped by High Street for the first time looking for croissants, but since they didn't have any I decided to try the "best grilled cheese" sandwich! I also purchased a cream soda and bag of chips to go along. My wait for the sandwich was unusually long, but the woman behind the counter was very nice and actually comped me a free chocolate cake for my long wait time. It got a little tight while waiting with other customers since it's a very small space but there are a couple of tables outside to sit. 

On to the food! The grilled cheese was well worth the wait! It's definitely in the top two of best I've ever had. The chocolate cake was beautiful but wasn't as moist as I like my cake to be. Chips and cream soda were great. 

I would definitely like to come back for their "night" menu.
My boyfriend and I dined here for dinner on a Friday night- I was really excited after reading all of the positive reviews about the restaurant. Much to my disappointment It didn't even live up anywhere close to my expectations. This place is mediocre at best. I'm not sure what all the hype is about- and I'm shocked to have been steered wrong by yelp! The restaurant is very crowed- the tables and chairs are very close together and we were seated next to an obnoxiously loud man and even louder woman on a first date- adding to our unpleasant experience. I started with a glass of wine which was pricy at almost twenty dollars- it was okay- nothing special. My boyfriend and I then shared the bread board as an appetizer with the different trio of spreads. There was nothing special about this appetizer- the breads were burnt and hard- not a lot of flavor- and the spreads didn't do anything to compliment them. We also ordered the Potted shrimps appetizer to split. This was a big improvement from the breads and spreads (whipped foie, nutmeg, and shrimp in a jar that you were able to spoon out onto shrimp toasts). It was pretty good but again not something I feel the need to order twice or come back and have again- Mediocre. 

   For our entrees after consulting yelp my boyfriend and I both planned to order the angry crab spaghetti as our entrees. We were then informed by the waitress that they were "all out of them" and just "sold the last ones." I always find this extremely unacceptable when this happens at a restaurant. Poor planning on the chefs and managers part not to plan and have the proper amount of ingredients to anticipate their guests needs. Major disappointment! And on top of it the waitress didn't seem to be very apologetic. I understand this type of thing can happen but when it does- try to treat the guests a little better. But- we rolled with it and stayed positive going back to consult yelp and the menu before choosing two other entrees. I ordered the Cauliflower Caramelle pasta for my entree- it was good but an extremely small portion (not good enough for the price tag in my book- and I never mind paying more for better quality food!). My boyfriend ordered the American Waygu for his entree and again really small portion, with really high price tag and the actual dish itself didn't justify it at all. As major foodies my boyfriend and I never mind small portion sizes or big price tags- we just expect the quality and flavor of the food to justify them- the food we had at high street on market didn't even come close! 

By the time we finished our entrees and were asked if we wanted dessert we were so over the disappointing experience we just asked for the check. Many of our fellow foodie friends wanted to hear how High Street market was and we were disappointed to have to tell them not to waste their time dining here.
Why I waited for a rainy day when I was too lazy to walk more than .2 miles for brunch to go here is nuts.  I will probably never forgive myself.  Thank you lovely Fork people for putting this fantastic array of scrumptious  yumminess so close to me!  I will never neglect you as a top brunch option again!

I was most excited about the duck meatball sandwich before coming here.  It was extremely yummy, but it was the pastrami & hash that blew me away (try to come here when you can choose from the breakfast and lunch menu - after 11:30 am.  Yes, you will be overwhelmed with the amount of decadent options to choose from, but you won't regret having a sampling from each).  It's a must.

Also, don't forget to have a healthy portion of the condiments they put on your table.  Their (I think they called it) Chow Chow is super tasty.  Kind of like kimchi, but with even more veggies, a little less spice and no fishy taste.  The sweet peppers also hit the spot.  Don't worry if you don't have anything to spread either on.  Just eat them straight from the jar.  I won't judge.

Pastries, I will be back for you.  You looked waaaay too good for me not to indulge in.  Next time.
Rival brothers just opened in our neighborhood and they always have pastries from this place. So, we decided to check this place out. I've long been hunting for Phila's top sandwiches, and this place just moved into first, second and third, with their duck meatballs, pastrami and gabagool, respectively. 

If you haven't you need to try this place. We did lunch two days back to back. It will make you fat, but these bites are worth it.
Went here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon and there was a 15 minute wait. Overall it wasn't worth it. I got the pastrami on rye and although it was well seasoned on the outside, the meat was dry inside, and there was way too much meat on the sandwich so it's like they were going for quantity over quality. With all of the great meats you can find in Philly throughout the Italian and Reading Terminal Market, this sandwich was kind of an insult to Philly's reputation, especially for the price and sub-par service. This was the first time I've ever felt completely ignored by a server at a restaurant which was really insulting. The server only made eye contact with myself twice throughout service. I always tip 20% regardless of service, but this waitress is making me reconsider that standard.
On my search for a perfect lunch salad in Old City, High Street found its way to the top of my list. 

My first lunch experience was in the form of a takeout Ancient Grains Salad, which came in the most perfect brown cardboard to go box, with 4 gorgeous toast crisps, a mountain of arugula, puffed wild rice and farro and piles of goat cheese amongst the pickled cranberries and celery roots stalks. It was love at first sight - my Instagrammed lunch garnered quite a few likes and my coworkers' envy. 

I've gone back for this salad several times and since expanded to the also-fabulous Grilled Broccoli Salad and the 3-sides platter...oh the sides!! They're seasonal and always changing, so check the counter before you place your order. Lately, I've been loving the Sicilian cauliflower and roasted Brussels sprouts. 

I actually had my first sit down lunch at High Street recently, with fellow Yelper, Edward M. Together, we feasted on sandwiches cut down the middle - the Grilled Eggplant, with smoked tomato sauce, Amish smoked cheddar and romaine - and it's hearty companion, the Pastrami on Rye with slaw and Russian dressing. 

My heart will always be with their salad, but these sandwiches were perfect on a chilly November day. I believe they bake all of their bread in house, so make sure to take some to go, too! 

Despite crazy crowds for the lunch rush, we were sat quickly and the service was spot on. Our server was helpful and polite, and our water glasses never stayed empty for long. We will be back for duck meatballs and gabagool. And of course, the amazing salads!
What a cute little hidden lunch take out spot!
Sandwiched in between Di Bruno's & the corner spot (formerly Sandler's) this place has great salads, I recommend the Sweet Beet, sandwiches and breads to take out. Everything we had was really excellent so if you are looking for a fresh lunch spot this is a good choice.
Cute place - would give 3.5 stars. All of the sandwiches looked good but opted for the roast pork. As is often the case with broccoli rabe, it can be bitter, and unfortunately with the provolone it overpowered. I was expecting kimche on the sandwich but the rabe must be marinated in kimche juice. Pork and bread was good. 

Good COVID precautions. Only a few small tables outside and no indoor seating. No bathroom, FYI.
High Street continues to be one of our top neighborhood spots. Let me explain why. 

First - the food is delicious. From the breads to the sandwiches, cinnamon buns, potatoes with brunch, pastas and pizzas, everything here is great. There's really nothing that you can go wrong with. 

Second, the people and service. At all High St Hospitality Group restaurants, they really get it. They know what it takes to deliver a great experience and they deliver on it every single time. Even in the midst of the pandemic where things have been forced to change. 

I am disappointed that it will be relocating - and hope it stays in the neighborhood. I don't know what I will do without their bread in my life!
The crew-cut hostess greeted another party while I stood there in front of her and informed her that 2 people for a party of 3 were present, and we would like to be seated now.  (My friend who arrived a 1/2 hour earlier to inform the hostess that a party of 3 is going to have breakfast soon was just outside the door - there are no reservations for lunch or breakfast).  She was dismissive & ignored me.  Simultaneously, she promptly greeted 2 other people in a very friendly manner, & then she proceeded to promptly seat them before us. 

Place was very warm on a predicted 90 degree hot and humid day.     

Water glasses are small oversized shot glasses.  Had to ask for lemon for my water twice.

Annoying laid back tambourinish hipster music that was a bit too loud.

Almost every time a server would pass by our table it seemed they would bump the back of my chair.

Manager was a youngish greasy haired guy running around in a dark suit jacket, white button down shirt, & no tie.   

My whole party felt rushed, and the staff moved about in a hurried manner.  

The bathroom was oppressively hot.  The bathroom hallway leads right into the sister restaurant "Fork."

Small portioned beet cured salmon on thin elongated pretzel roll was the only highlight.
Went in for lunch on a Sunday afternoon.  There was a line out the door, but the hostess took our number and said she would call us, which was only about 20-25 minutes.  We just walked around old city which was a nice walk.

We ordered the trio of vegetables, a pumpkin soup, and a pastrami breakfast sandwich.  Each item was wonderfully prepared and delicious.  The bread was also amazing in the sandwich as well as the grilled bread served with the soup.  

This is a great date place.  A great brunch spot.
The sandwiches are the only reason this place has any business. Came for brunch and dealt with the INCOMPETENT hostess. Told 20 min wait. Apparently that meant that they wait 20 min before filling empty tables. That is not an exaggeration. We were seated an hour after we walked in. The food here is good but for the price you should go to one of the other many brunch places in Old City. You will save yourself some money and a lot of aggrevation.
We've eaten here a few times over the years. I like the food but there were a lot of delays - between our drink order and getting our drink. Between getting our coffees it took a long time for the staff to come back and take our order- that should have been an indication of our future experience. Also they said they hadn't taken gotten their bacon- wait whut? 

Today's order (2 breakfast sandwiches) took well over 30minutes between the time we ordered and when we received.. Not sure why since the place wasn't very busy. With all the wait we actually saw one of the staff with a package of bacon so we asked about it and they said it would be 20minutes longer for the bacon. The couple next to us commented that we should have waited for the bacon since it took so long for our meal. Thank goodness we were not in a hurry. 


@ $40 with tip for 1 drip coffee, 1 iced coffee and 2 sandwiches and more than an hour wasted- that was our experience. Let me know what you think.
Was lucky enough to hit High Street on Market during the Pride Parade just as my stomach growled and a table for two was open and waiting! The Pastrami on Rye (cabbage slaw, Russian dressing, Gulden's mustard) was fantastic: the in-house baked rye bread was perfectly portioned so it complimented, but did not overwhelm the rest of the sandwich, and was also some delicious rye bread! I swapped sandwich halves with my fellow diner, so we could also try the Duck Cubano (ham, young swiss, pickles, house mustard), which was good, though more rich than I was in the mood for--the pickles helped cut the duck fat.

There's limited seating, which is open to the bakery portion. The bathrooms (individual rooms) are shared with the rest of the building, so had a line much of the time (though that may've also been because of the parade).

Will definitely go back, especially because strawberry rhubarb pie was on the menu, but we didn't have time (or stomach space) for pie, because we had to get back to our party!
Decent. I went for a dinner last night. Intimate, small setting, attentive service, good variety on the menu to choose from. 

We ordered the roasted carrot hummus, the fresh fall salad, and a ravioli dish with rabbit and celery in a brown butter sauce. 

I wasn't too amazed by the carrot hummus. I thought it lacked flavor. I was excited to try the breads that it was served with because I had heard good things. Maybe if it had been fresh out of the oven I would have enjoyed it more, but again, I wasn't impressed. 

The fall salad had escarole, peas, and a "tonnato" sauce, which to me tasted like a glorified fishy mayonnaise. Upon a Google search, I have determined that is what it was anyway. It was refreshing but not very well plated. 

I enjoyed the raviolis the most. The wait between our first two dishes and this one was quite long and I'm hoping that meant that they were made to order. We ordered the smaller version of the plate and ended up with three ravs each. You can't really go wrong with a brown butter sauce- delicious. It was topped with bits of rabbit, which were tender and flavorful. There was a creamy, whipped celery filling inside. This was definitely the best part of our meal. 

I think of myself as a baller on a budget. I like to enjoy good food but can't do so all of the time because I'd be poor af. Maybe I would have been more impressed with the quality of other substantial entrees and less starters, but the prices did not allow for that. Which brings me to a discussuon topic I'd like to throw to throw out here: 

When did small, tapas-esque plates that were once known for their affordability turn into an opportunity for restaurants to serve small, well made plates, for an obnoxious price? I understand that quality will increase the price, but to continue to boast that you serve small style plates for the same price as a full meal at other places seems a little greedy to me. Or maybe I'm just stingy. Idk.

Regardless, we ordered enough for two moderately hungry people and were full by the end. 

Would I recommend to others? Maybe. It's nice for a date and if you're not concerned about price.
I had read/seen great things about Hight Street on Market so when I was in Philadelphia I went out of my way to make sure I went for brunch.
I got there around 2 on a Saturday (they close between 3:30 and 5:30) and was seated at the communal dining table.
They were unfortunately out of almost all of their baked goods and breads by the time I got there (including the incredibly photogenic smoked whitefish on bialy). I got an americano and the the pastrami & hash breakfast sandwich (shaved pastrami, spiced hash, roasted peppers & onions, farm egg, and russian dressing).
The sandwich actually came out before my americano but I could see them both being made after I ordered them (they have an open kitchen) so I'm not complaining. The americano was large, nicely balanced, and full bodied (they use Rival Bros. coffee beans). 
The pastrami and hash was one of the most beautiful sandwiches I've seen in a long time and it tasted as good as it looked. Not surprisingly, the bread roll it came on was phenomenal. I liked that they had pepper and olive toppings on the table and that they served a jalapeno sauce on the side of the sandwich.
I ended up getting a croissant to go and it still tasted great several hours later.
I would love to go back to try more (aka all) of their other dishes.
I'm rating High Street four stars in part because it's on the Philly Eater 38 list. The food was solidly executed. I enjoyed all three dishes I ordered - a carrot hummus, a dug egg carbonara pasta, and a pork chop with roasted Brussels sprouts. It was a fine place for dinner but if I a we're visiting Philadelphia there are several other restaurants I might try before choosing High Street.

The pork chop was pretty delicious.
High Street on Market is a fantastic restaurant utilizing in-season, fresh, local ingredients to craft some of the best dishes we have ever eaten. While the menu frequently changes due to seasonality of ingredients, favorites include the potted shrimp, mushrooms with sunchokes (and other deliciousness), squash hummus (this season is green chickpea hummus - haven't had that yet), wagyu beef, lobster bucatini, and eggplant agnlotti. Don't skip out on the bread plate and homemade butters...I am usually one to scoff at paying for bread, but this platter is worth every penny. Service is excellent and my previous comment about small wine pours has been resolved - delightfully generous pours during our last visit. Our multi-time server Jen is awesome (and service in general has always been fantastic when we have gone). Don't miss out!
Still so lacking in customer service.

They use Rival Bros coffee which at least bests the competition.  La Colombe is still my local fave.

Tried the smoked fish biaily, and even trying to love the thing, didn't.

Fork, though, is worth a visit.
Had a great experience here except for the female hostess/waitress who seated us - very pretentious.   Nonetheless the food here is great here.   We enjoyed the roasted mushroom soup and the pastrami sandwich.   The pastrami was piled high, sliced thickly, and very smoky.    The bread was fabulous but was a little disappointed at the amount of mustard.   My dining partner had the special which was a miso soup - this was great- along with a fried hake sandwich.   Delicious and very fresh.    Based on lunch we decided to get some dessert.   The coconut lime donut was great and we took home a couple of croissants.    

My dining partner ordered an iced tea.   This was an 8 oz glass - no refills- and was $4.    I think this was a bit much.

There are only 20 seats or so so I'm sure that getting a seat during typical dining hours could be challenging.

Service from our waiter was attentive without being overbearing.
I'm updating my review to reflect our rehearsal dinner, which we hosted for 54 people at HSOM. The beginning planning was rough with their prior (no longer there) manager. But when management changed two weeks before our event (*insert panic*), so did our experience. Joey and Kevin, along with owner Ellen, were absolutely phenomenal in picking up the pieces and planning the rehearsal dinner of our dreams. They were extremely accommodating of our larger group, even though it was a tight squeeze. The food was unreal - even the pickiest, non-adventurous eater in our group had TWO servings of the lamb tartare. Several of our guests commented that the service was the best they have ever experienced. And to top it all off, they packaged up the leftovers for us, which we got to enjoy the days following our wedding. The team at HSOM gave us such a perfect night all around and I cannot recommend the restaurant highly enough.
Another 5-star meal at High Street on Market, this time for brunch. We started off with the bread platter, which is a real steal at $3. We shared the smoked fish bialy and ginger yogurt with cardamom honey. HOLY COW. Every bite was amazing. Coffee refills were frequent and generous, and it was always the perfect temperature (nothing worse than coffee so hot you need to wait 10 minutes for it to cool off). All employees were super friendly and helpful. We saw Chef Kulp chatting with other tables, but not us :( He may have known the other guests, but we were hoping he'd stop by so we could tell him HSoM is our new favorite restaurant. If this place were in our 'hood, we'd surely be here at least once a week!
When you first walk in, wonderful smells waft over the bread counter at High Street, making you hungry for your meal. I went here for lunch one day with JJ and we really enjoyed ourselves. We started with the bread basket, which featured four types of bread and is the perfect size for two people to share and still sample each type. It was quite excellent, even in its simplicity--there were no sides, just bread, with butter if you needed it. 

For my actual lunch, I decided that I was craving an Italian hoagie and chose the gabagool. It's served on a sesame-seed roll, which gets a bit damp from the generous helping of olive oil on the sandwich. Otherwise, it is everything an Italian hoagie should be, with a very generous meat portion (as in, I couldn't finish it). JJ went with the faroe salad. I thought the salad was also great--they separated the lettuce and the grain in the plate so you could mix them and the toppings (cheese) gave extra pops of flavor. We finished with a chocolate cream puff, which was decadent and airy. 

I thought everything was quite pricey for lunch (almost none of the entrees were under $11). However, all of the food is local and is prepared with great care, so it is a worthwhile splurge when you have the time. Unfortunately, everyone else understands how tasty the food is, because High Street is usually packed during lunchtime.
What an incredible lunch!  One of my best friends invited me to have one of our frequent lunch times at High Street on Market.  I knew it was going to be a great day from the start because my parking Karma worked and I got a spot steps from the restaurant doors.  

Once we made our way through the gauntlet of tourists on Market Street on the way to the Ben Franklin post office,  we entered and were cheerfully seated by two hostesses busily greeting a steadily thicker lunch crowd.  The restaurant was carved from a part of the old Fork, still standing next door but with a different feel and menu.  Gone is the common table, in are new decor, a more modern feel, an open kitchen, and a fresh and young collection of eager-to-please waiters and waitresses.

After seating at a table close to the window, our waiter brought the menu.  The scents, aroma and presentation of the plates at the kitchen only accentuated our desire for food.  All strategically placed so the guests could see them.  

We began our lunch with a chilled Chilled Carrot Soup with Goat's Milk Kefir, Sunflower Seeds, and Chervil.  My friend had a wedge salad with Blue Cheese.  My soup was an experience, as the mix of flavors was both satisfying and tantalizing to the taste.  

The piece de resistance was about the best natural turkey sandwiches I've ever had.  Delicious.  Superb.  Stupendous.  I can barely believe that someone could make a sandwich so tasty.  But they did.  

Their Executive Chef, Eli Kulp, was recently named one of the 2014 Food and Wine's Best New Chefs.  Which he richly deserves.  This restaurant is a gem in the entire Philadelphia culinary scene.  I hope they maintain the standards and even improve.  

Four Stars and Four Yummies...
I only had lunch at High Street and it was an impressive meal.  It's not the kind of place that I would eat at weekly but it certainly qualifies for the occasional pricier lunch.

I went with the grilled eggplant sandwich, a bowl of the potato leek (if memory serves) soup and a cup of Rival Bros coffee.  Since the place was packed, I dined at the community table which got me prompt service and a tasty meal.

The soup was nearly perfect.  It had the texture I was looking for with a multitude of flavors that I couldn't describe and possibly do it justice.  My sandwich was nicely formed so it didn't fall apart and the smoked tomato sauce and smoked cheese perfectly complimented the grilled eggplant.  I want to give special mention to the sandwich construction as it did not fall apart while I was eating it.

I will certainly come back here for a different meal.  I really thought the service and food were excellent.  The care and attention shown in preparing my lunch, gives me hope that this is the level of effort they put into everything that comes out of their kitchen.
I've been to High Street on Market three times, and each time I've been impressed.  Though I was a fan of Fork, etc., I am really excited about having new options esp. in Olde City.  

Lunch
I've had lunch here twice and both times was lucky enough to snag the big communal table by the front window.  Even though the place can get bustling, that spot is a private little nook great for a peaceful lunch.  The salads are really creative (the corn salad is my favorite) and filling.  The whole grain breads make their hearty sandwiches sing--I had the turkey (a classic combo) but my husband's pastrami was really tasty.  We also loved the long hots that accompany the sandwiches for extra zip.

Dinner
Pasta, pasta, pasta.  Their pasta is SO good, I'm sad that we couldn't order more.  We split the buckwheat orrechiette, eggplant agnolotti, and seaweed bucatini.  They were all inventive and flavorful without being heavy or monotonous.  My sister and I also loved the savory cereal (breakfast for dinner!), and she even said she'd give up alcohol for more of the cashew milk.  

All in all, I can't wait to go back.  I think it's a great complement to Fork--both have great food, service, and ambience.  High Street is good for a younger crowd who want a more casual, more creative eating experience.
I wanted to like this place so much because of all the hype - and I was really feeling the chill vibe of the place - but maybe they let it get a little too chill.... I'm willing to overlook an empty hostess stand (for 5 minutes)... We were seated within a reasonable amount of time anyway if even no one was there to say hello for a while. Where the front of the house really messed up was with the timing of the courses.  The menu is set up in 3 courses - shared plates (apps), pasta and entrees. There's a nice cocktail list as well that I was looking forward to checking out.  We ordered cocktails and 2 shared plates, a pasta and 2 entrees.  Our pasta came first.... Which was weird - since my cocktail hadn't even come yet... Followed by our apps (still no cocktails) and then finally our entrees - with my cocktail.  
Don't get me wrong, the food was spectacular and the cocktail that I eventually got was delicious/seasonal/inventive but i had certain expectations that really weren't met and I'm not going to be quick to recommend this place to others.  

Sure it got the job done. I didn't leave hungry and I ate better than I would at my own house, but next time I guess I'll go next door to Fork until the front of the house here gets their act together.  
PS it's usually 1. appetizer 2. pasta then 3. entree guys - and if you had brought our cocktails in the beginning, we probably would have gotten a bottle of wine to go with the rest.
Was so pleasantly surprised by my dining experience here, and I'm so excited to give it a 5 star on Yelp!

The ambiance is literally perfection. Rustic, homey, charming-- a little on the smaller side, but it adds to the quaint feel. 

I thoroughly enjoyed every dish I had, and that's how I know this restaurant is something special.

+DAILY BREADS: One of my favorites of the night. Amazing kinds of bread (nutty, fruity, etc.) and amazing spreads to complement. A great way to start off the meal, and would 100% recommend!

+MUSHROOMS: So delicious... runny egg, delicious greens. Would definitely recommend getting this to dip your breads into!

+SMOKED PUMPKIN TORTELLONI: One of the best restaurant pasta dishes I've tasted in a while. I usually am a little skeptical about ordering pasta dishes, just because for me it's hard to really fall in love with one and most taste around the same to me. This one really surpassed all expectations. The smokey flavor was absolutely delicious, and the creaminess of the sauce with the sweetness of the pumpkin filling and the crunchy cracker topping... it really packed with flavor and texture. (Plus everyone I was dining with who tried it also agreed and immediately regretted the dish they chose-- that's how you know it's a special one!)

+TEA CAKE DESSERT: Resembled a giant, crumbly and moist muffin. It was paired with an interesting yogurt sauce... overall a super Innovative and unique dessert!

There literally are like 5+ other things on the menu that I want to try-- that's how I know High Street on Market is a winner. The quality of food was amazing, service was impeccable. Everything was slightly pricier than I would have liked, but it was worth it to me to pay the premium for the all-around 5 star dining experience.

+Added bonus... saw Ellen Yin in the restaurant on our way out, and stopped to say hi! She's the best!

Will definitely be back, and am also curious to try the brunch. So excited that I got to experience this place!
Fantastic!

I'd been reading fabulous news and reviews about this little spot for weeks before making reservations and wow, I'm glad we jumped on it. 

First off the space is small and adorable. Second, the service was friendly and attentive and third, the food was fresh, inventive and absolutely delicious! 

Some highlights for me were Ari's crisp leaves. They were assorted crunchy leafy greens that had a fantastic seasoning and were the perfect start to munch on. I also adored the lamb tartare. A lamb tartare is not easy and they nailed it. The meat was so tender and the flavors were fantastic. Even someone with us who doesn't love lamb tartare ate it all up! It went perfect with an anchovy paste underneath as well on their delicious bread.The last highlight for me was the lobster tartine. It had to be the combination of flavors, the freshness of the lobster and the killer toast that just all worked perfectly with each bite....I'm drooling thinking about it. 

These dishes were my favorites but honestly, everything we ate was delicious that you can't really go wrong. I can't wait to come back and try their brunch!
This spot has a really slamming lunch menu, and the baker is my hero! He overheard a cashier tell me they were sold out of Pantone, stopped and told me that he had one in the back for me.  He totally gave me his loaf.  I love him!  

We had dinner here on Saturday night.  The service was great, but my vegan friend was a little disappointed in the tasting menu - especially since we gave the restaurant 2 weeks' notice that we had a vegan and a vegetarian coming.  I'm a vegetarian and was pretty underwhelmed with my food too.  We will be back for the bread!!!
Came here for dinner and sat at the chef's table, which was cool since you get to see the action from the open kitchen.

There were 5 of us so we just ordered a bunch of dishes to share.  We started with the Roasted Carrot Hummus, Crispy Broccoli, and the bread offerings for our appetizers.  The hummus was absolutely awesome.  We couldn't stop eating it.  The bread offerings is cool since it's a variety of style of bread.  The ancient grain one was probably my favorite that I tried that day.  The broccoli dish was good but not as memorable as others.

Since we were all fans of pastas, we didn't order any big plates and went with 3 pastas to share.  Favorite was definitely the Brown Rice Fettuccine.  The texture is definitely different and it picks up the sauce so well.  Very savory dish with the spicy sauce, clams, and basil.  My coworkers loved the Beef Bolognese.  Liked how it isn't really ground beef and more like shredded beef.  The Duck Egg Carbonara was a surprise for me.  Really liked the texture of the rye bucatini and the mushrooms worked great.  One of my coworker did mention that it's a bit salty, but it didn't bother me that much.

We also got the Spring Greens and the Kennett Square Mushrooms.  The salad had a bit too much dressing for my liking, but the mushrooms was great.  Very unique take on it.

Service was a bit mixed.  It was great to start but when they were cleaning off the tables our server dropped the fork and landed on our boss's shirt and stained it. That definitely ruined the mood a bit.  They offered some water and napkins but I think by then we just wanted to leave so didn't get to try dessert.

Overall, good food and the atmosphere's great.  Only blemish was what happened at the end.
came for restaurant week and was surprised to find the menu on the "Center City Restaurant Week Menu" is completely different than what I found out in the restaurant. definitely portion wise, a lot smaller than the other restaurants participating. 

we started with the chef complimentary appetizer, some type of bread with what tasted like a curry hummus. i did enjoy the hummus but i received like 2 teaspoons of it with 2 hearty pieces of heavy bread. i hate when the dip to bread ratio is off.

the scallop ceviche was probably the best dish; the amount of acidity and hearty chunks of scallops were delicious.

the kennett mushrooms were probably the biggest disappointment. the kale, mushrooms and lettuce(??) that were cooked together were SO SALTY almost inedible. i like the "egg dip" on the side but dipping this salty vegetable mixture in the egg wasn't enough to mask the saltiness.

the squid ink crab pasta was good but there was something in it that was so acidic it took away from that umami taste of the squid ink pasta. i feel like the acidity almost ruined the other flavors

all in all, service was great, indoor decor was adorable and food was okay. i'd be back to try some of their other dishes but for restaurant week i don't think they put on their best performance.
We found this place through Yelp and had while an eight hour layover so decided to stop for brunch. The place itself is in a great location but a very small spot. The staff was helpful, kind, easy to chat with and made recommendations. 

We ordered the pastrami sandwich and the cured salmon sandwich. Both were amazing and I wish I could eat them all the time! The pastrami is huge, has an egg, hash like patty in it, and is served with a homemade hot sauce everything about the sandwich is perfection! If you do not order this, you would be severely disappointed with the rest of your day. The cured salmon sandwich is much smaller and lighter but still very tasty. It is beet cured (I know, crazy! But so good!) served on a pretzel bun with fried capers onions and dill. Between the two of us we shared these two sandwiches and it was the perfect amount without feeling overly full. 

We also ordered one mimosa (very small serving) and a Bloody Mary (very yummy, lots of fresh, house made pickled veggies). Great spot for brunch!!
"This food is too good for my mouth!" - the older twin (by a minute!) said while eating (and I couldn't agree more).

New York Magazine constantly heaps praise on this place so we had to give it a shot and decide for ourselves.

They weren't lying.

Stellar homemade breads.  Spicy rump-kicking Bloody Marys.  Wild sandwiches.  Great coffee.  

We dabbled all over the menu and were blown away with each and every thing.
I like the small space and open kitchen layout. It gives the restaurant a nice ambiance. 

Food was rich and delicious - green humus got a pass, the potted shrimp did as well (anything with foie gras receives an auto pass), the mushrooms were soaked in an incredible sauce, the squid was grilled with a slight crunch, the angry crab pasta was packed with flavor, and the wagyu was a melt in your mouth phenomenon.
This is my idea of a perfect lazy Sunday lunch. Their sandwiches are knock-your-socks off good. Our picks: the Forager, with its eggy goodness and woodsy oyster mushroom and the Pastrami on Rye. Best Pastrami I've ever eaten. We split their broccoli rabe and all I could think about was how amazing this dish would taste tossed with a big bowl of pasta. Yummmm....

Our dinner experience went something like this..."Whoa, everything looks so good, I don't know what we should order...how about we order one of everything?...[insert awkward little laugh and then very long pause as we both seriously thought about how much food we could order without 1) looking gluttonous and 2) maxing out our credit cards...]....how about we just ask the waiter what his favorites are..." We ended up with 5 dishes + 2 desserts between the 2 of us.

Bottom line is you really can't go wrong with anything here. But the stand-outs were:
- the crispy broccoli
- mushrooms with kale and egg
- lamb tartare
- black seaweed bucatini
- date cake sundae
- trifle with ricotta, chocolate mouse, and hazelnuts

Best to go here with people who like to share because you'll be wanting to try everything!
Outrageously good. 

We just returned home after a long weekend in Philly eating out for most meals and lunch here was our last, best meal. We kept compulsively ordering stuff because each dish was better than the last. . .housemade breads with butter, eggplant and anchovy pizza, grilled broccoli salad, sweet potato soup, sicilian cauliflower, etc. We couldn't help ourselves and bought sandwiches and prepared salads for our train ride back to NYC and a loaf of the ancient grains bread to take home (and I am really excited for it to be morning so I can eat it for breakfast). Even the condiments on the table--garlic-marinated sweet peppers and a spicier kind of chile spread-- were outstanding.

Also, as a vegetarian you will eat well here, and you will be full. Not all "good" restaurants can say that. So next time I'm back in Philly I am not passing Go, I am not collecting $200, and I am heading straight here for food.
High Street on Market is definitely unique! Some dishes were a lot better than others. A few dishes were a little disappointing. The daily bread appetizer was great and definitely worth it! The mushroom appetizer was AMAZING!!! One of the best things I have ever had. I would skip the broccoli appetizer because it wasn't special. The angry crab pasta was good. The pumpkin pasta was interesting. I don't think I would order it again. While it was unique and I can't say I have ever had anything like that, I found the smokiness overwhelming. I was nervous to try the sunchoke dessert sbut it was REALLY good! I want to try their brunch menu next.
My visit to High Street for Winter 2017 Restaurant Week was very enjoyable. The space is small, rustic and cozy. The staff, especially our server Jake, was extremely friendly and personable. Jake did a great job of explaining the menu and the details of each dish.

We started with the daily breads and spreads which were flavorful and unique. For my first course I got the Kennett Square Mushrooms.  This was also unique and full of flavor. I had the cauliflower caramelle for my main and while this was good it was a tad rich for my personal taste. I also had a chance to taste the crispy broccoli which I really enjoyed. I finished with a chocolate shortbread pudding that was offered for restaurant week. We were also served a complimentary dish of butternut squash hummus. Yum! 

If you enjoy strong flavor profiles and interesting flavor combinations then try High Street.
Glad I visited and hope to return for brunch and pastries some time soon!
Heard tons of hype about HSOM, i was not amazed until I went:
-Mushroom: a seasonal mix of several exotic mushrooms (shiitakes, oyster..), sunny side-up egg, unique combinations but extraordinary turnout. 
-Rainbow trout: Satisfied my craving for seasonal veggies and trout!! Take me to the sea already. The trout was crispy on the edge and tender on the inside
-Kale chips: what a cool idea to use nutritional yeast for cheese?! not only it's a healthier option, the light texture also creates a different experience in your mouth. 

Under Ellen Yin's innovative leadership, her restaurants are going stronger than ever. My prayers and thoughts are dedicated to Chef Eli Kulp and hope for a better recovery progress.
This place sucks! We went here for dinner and the wine by the glass were $16. Also the food was such small portions and overly priced. Our bill was $180 before tip for 2 people and we ended up leaving hungry and ordered Chinese takeout.

The food was just ok in taste and as I've said sooo  pricey.  Will not return nor recommend to others
Incredible tasting menu. Should have written a review a while back. For just $50 we got about 13 courses (no joke). Menu said 8 but it kept coming because we had a late table and the chefs working wanted to see if they could make 4 dudes' bellies explode. Trying to remember all dishes but started with venison and ended with fried rabbit. My favorite was the lobster salad (if I recall) on black bread with habanero sauce.
Classy dinner in a relaxed/romantic setting
We tried:
Kennett Square Mushrooms - a mix of salad, sparse but flavorful mushrooms, and a delicious mushroom soup (egg on top)
Crispy Mixed Vegetables - this came with a white bean-hummus side for dipping the tempura-style veggies (I would say it upstaged the veggies)
Simply Grilled Fish - the branzino was surrounded by a symphony of melodious flavors: crunchy toasted almonds among the wild rice, delicious sunchokes and a few grapes; a perfect dish if only it had a little less salt
Mussels - this was a large portion, although the pilsner broth was not appreciated by my husband (a little salty, he said); the accompanying bread was nice
They provided helpful recommendations for a funky Pennsylvania cider that I liked. My husband liked his glasses of red wine. Extra star for the delicious bread and olive oil-tapenade.
Had a great experience last night at HSOM. We had a reservation for 8:15, however the table in front of us was running behind. The server kindly sat us outside for the time being and took our drink order as we waited for the table to open. 

My GF had a glass of wine and I went with the dads vacation cocktail (rye whiskey, jalapeño shrub, and pineapple), which was very refreshing. My only complaint was my server didn't ask if I wanted another one when I was finished. 

For starters we went with the soft shell crab, which are nice and big this time of year. Also, went with the burrata with jersey blueberries, which was amazing...could have had 5 orders of that alone and been happy.

FRESH FRESH FRESH FRESH! My GF went with the local catch, which was said to be line caught only. I had a bite and it was delicious. They are known for their grains, which were paired perfectly with the fish. I went with the smoked beer can chicken, again which was also awesome. Great scent of thyme and amazing corn bread muffins and jalapeño Mac and cheese to go along with it! 

The bill can definitely get a little pricey here, but well worth it for a special occasion or date night in old city!
My experience at this place was great from the start. First off, I appreciate that they didn't call me to confirm like most restaurants do and trusted my Opentable reservation was enough, even when I pushed the time back. It was a birthday occasion so I put in a request for champagne and a dessert with candle, and they had it all covered! 

We were greeted promptly and served our champagne within minutes of getting settled. Very tasty even though I'm not sure which type it was. 

Our server was friendly and helpful. She made decisions easy. We were tempted to try the $55 per person "leave it to the chef" option, but we didn't like that we couldn't pick which few of each course we could try. We heard the chicken was the thing to try, so we wanted to make sure we didn't miss out. We ended up getting the grilled zucchini with feta (nice touch), oysters (best my boyfriend said he had ever had), lobster toast and beef carpaccio which were both delectable - even the bread tastes fresh from their bakery. For entrees, he got the chicken and I got the ricotta gnocchi. My only complaint would be that the gnocchi was kind of hard to pick up and eat because it was made from all cheese. I think we were full from our earlier choices, but I don't think the gnocchi felt like a full entree size, especially compared to the chicken. Tasty nonetheless. 

Dessert: we chose the honeycomb ice-cream - SO good. Definitely recommend! They put a candle on the side of the bowl. I think the manager / hostess could have done a little singing but it didn't embarrass my boyfriend so that worked out anyway
:)

5/5 overall - especially for the cool ambience, menu and most importantly - the management. Sometimes you see restaurants charge you for complimentary occasions, and our champagne was definitely comped. 

We will definitely be back, especially to try their breakfast options!
The eagles just won the super bowl and I woke up feeling a little worse for wear. I needed to get something healthy into my body to start the recovery process. Enter High Street on Market. The understandably quiet restaurant was staffed with a very friendly crew. Our server quickly got us two cups of coffee and some much needed water. After perusing the menu, I landed on the avocado toast. The thought of roasted cauliflower kind of did it for me. My guy grabbed the Hickory Town. I was shocked when my dish came out. It was gorgeous. Well plated and super colorful. I actually savored the dish. The bread was phenomenal as a base. The avocado was smooth and topped with well seasoned roasted cauliflower and sliced radishes (I think? It was pretty either way). I had a bite of the hickory town sandwich. I was shocked that I liked bologna in an adult meal. With the quality of the product I was fine with the amount of the bill (30 after tax). It was on par with most breakfast prices in NYC. If you find yourself in Philadelphia and want to eat at least one thing that isn't a cheese steak, I suggest coming here.
