Here's my long overdue review for the place.  I know the chef from B2 Bluefin, and had to try when I heard he opened his own place. 

The quality of the fish is great. Been here four or five times, and the fish was always fresh.  (But the best day to visit would be Friday).

The dishes were well thought, tweaked from tradition but did not deviate too far away.
(to the tune of "This Kiss" by Faith Hill)

I don't want another burger,
I don't need another cocktail bar.
Or another fancy coffee shop,
Sometimes, good sushi feels too far.
Until I finally found Hikari,
So I promptly ordered a car....

It's a BYOB,
It's a good dumpling dish,
It's the seaweed salad,
It's perpetual bliss.

It's that bright, shining moment
When... you see your food.
Raw fish, raw fish... (I'll eat it all)
Raw fish, raw FISH!

Sometimes, the idea of sushi feels a little silly, like a splurge I'd be better making on food that is heartier. But, when you take a bite of a delicate piece of sashimi, or pick up a perfectly season scoop of seaweed salad, those thoughts go out the window. Plus, considering Hikari is a BYOB, it's actually quite a deal.

We went in with no game plan, ordering an appetizer and 4 rolls (two specialty, two classic) and left with a bill in the low $50s (before tip). We were also both absolutely stuffed. Hikari doesn't skimp on the toppings and fillings, and the fish tasted fresh. The Baltimore Roll was our sneaky favorite, and we loved the combination of the crab salad with mango and honey wasabi mayo.

The service was kind of all over the place, they were mobbed, but we never had trouble flagging someone down when we needed refills. It's small, so make a reservation, and grab a bottle of something nice at the Wine & Spirits store by the Piazza!
Little did the owners know that the mind and muscle doc (M&M doc) was stopping by this part of town.. To my surprise: my experiences with customer service par excellence were never the same...

Environment: This place is really up-scale in terms of the environment. A lot of the modern art was surprisingly hand-made with the owners' own hands (Mr. Sim himself along with his family's). It amazed me to hear the history of Mr. Sim's experiences and how much detail he put into his own restaurant with his skilled particularities.

Service: Absolutely phenomenal. As I walked in, I was greeted by 2 of their finest servers. The young man primarily took care of my friend and the M&M Doc for the night. After seeing his genuine heart for caring, serving, seeking excellence for your experience, I couldn't help but think this was as good as it gets regarding customer service. He really seeks to determine to making you feel at home as you sit there quietly asking introspectively "what did I do to deserve this kind of service?" 

Food: Blown away with the quality at low prices. I can not believe the quality of food that they were offering (the pictures I posted DO NOT do justice to how excellent the presentation and quantity of food there was. I was blown away; however, they are not willing to skimp out on you. They have a greater desire to give you excellence and the flavorful and unconventional tastes that most sushi places do not offer (e.g. there was truffle oil mixed with some of the finest raw sashimi slices which surprisingly went well together!) If there was ONLY one roll to highly recommend, it would be the manager's personal favorite, The Simi. It has a light amount of avocado on top with the 3 usual fishes (yellowtail, salmon, and tuna.) It's drizzled with lime which offers a spectrum of flavors which are incomprehensible.

Price: After learning about Mr. Sim's personal experiences working at the highest quality restaurants around the nation, he wanted to open up his own place that served top-notch rolls for a very FAIR and AFFORDABLE price. Am I saying that this is cheap? Absolutely not; however, if you are looking for a high-quality sushi spot in the city, this place wouldn't let you down considering its unfathomable price-point. In the words of server, he audaciously asked me: "Did you know you just stepped into the best sushi restaurant in the city?"
I've been craving sushi so got takeout from my fave local sushi spot Hikari! 

We got 2 miso soups, salmon roll, spicy scallop, yellowtail crunch and the riverside roll. WOW! Everything was perfect and delicious. Packaged very well and the sushi rolls were still rolled beautifully. The riverside was my favorite! Can't wait to get takeout here again.
Everything was fantastic. The sashimi was so fresh, so delicious. This is the best sushi I've had in a very long time in Philly. The simi special roll blew my mind. On top of all of this deliciousness, the service was outstanding. Come here or regret it for your whole philly life.
You could cover your eyes and point to anything on the menu and you'd be happy with everything. Ive eaten nearly half the menu and there was nothing I haven't loved. I've lived here for a year and every time I come, I'm already planning the next time I'll be back. It's like you're sad the meal is ending but glad you were honored the opportunity of the amazing taste. It is a bit pricey but worth the splurge if you're interested in quality sushi with amazing apps.
I am a sushi phanatic (@Philly_Sushi on Instagram) and my dining experience at Hikari last night, under their new management, was exquisite. To start off, the entire staff was friendly, attentive and personable. Chef Sim and his wife greeted us at our table and made us feel as if we were guests in their own home. We ordered a few small plates and sushi, and Chef Sim went out of his way to include a few special plates for us in between. Now, to the true testimonial of why we were so pleased: the food. Every plate that came our way was delicious, and truly unique. I can go on and on about all of the different flavor profiles and items we tried, but you'll just have to go and see for yourself!
I absolutely LOVE this place - it is my favorite sushi restaurant in all of Philadelphia. It was recently taken over by new management, and they're doing an excellent job on all counts.

The sushi is superb. The ingredients are high-quality, and the specialty rolls are always creative and delicious. So far, I've tried the Holiday, Naruto, Sprunchy, Simi, Baltimore, Fishtown, Cracker, and Polar Bear, among others. The prices are great for the quality of sushi.  

It is family-owned, and the chef and staff (some of whom are his sons) are always extremely polite, professional, and courteous. Although there are no white table clothes, you feel like you're dining in an upscale restaurant (they refill water frequently and carefully, are extremely attentive to your needs, and serve and clear the table with grace). The first time we went, the chef sat down with us at the end of our meal and talked to us about his family and his hopes and dreams for the restaurant. They frequently give out free desserts or samplers. If they are extra busy and anticipate the rolls taking longer to make, they apologize in advance, even though there is no need because the service is always fast. Even the menu is printed on high-quality, thick paper.

Everything about this restaurant is wonderful. It's the type of place that you want to be extremely successful because you can tell how much the owners and staff care about doing a good job.
Very happy to report the neighborhood has a high quality sushi spot.  This was our first time visiting since new ownership took over and we were blown away by the quality of the fish and the service.  Chef Sim even came out to talk about how they source their product.

I had the shumai, the sushi plate (8 piece nigiri and spicy tuna roll) and the spicy scallop roll.  The wife had the rock shrimp, sake nigiri, and the filet teriyaki.  Everything was great, but the sushi plate really stood out as the best.  We had the mochi ice cream to end the meal which was good too.

I can't say enough good things about Hikari.  It's not the cheapest place, but it's a very good value for what you get and it's a BYO.

We are going back next week.
This place was soooo good! It's under new management and the sushi chef used to work at Morimoto. You can definitely tell the fish is fresh and the best quality.  The appetizers were all so good too! Definitely recommend the pork belly bao bun, salmon ceviche and the kanpachi carpaccio. We also had the Riverside roll and the chirashi bowl. SO DELICIOUS! will definitely be back.
I was nodding my head the entire time with pure joy as I dined here. Started with the lobster Rangoons - delicious mint pineapple sauce paired with the fresh lobster rangoons. Next I had the rock shrimp app- (homer Simpson drooling emoji). Then got the fish market specialty roll- was my Least favorite dish but was still damn good for a sushi roll. And finally, ended with the buttery smooth bluefin tuna taster- the chef gave me an extra piece. Just absolute perfection. Chef then sent over some salmon toro sashimi complimentary and that was Divine as well. Chef poured me some sake to enjoy with dinner complimentary. Great food and service deserved of 5 stars.
Hikari is a little pricier, but you get what you pay for with fresh, quality fish. While the Chirashi had thinner slices, the Sushi & Sashimi proved to have nicer, thicker cuts. While the food itself would merit 5 stars, allergic reactions followed both times we ordered and specified "no shellfish due to an allergy", suggesting that there is some kind of cross-contamination happening with shellfish; unfortunately, this will prevent us from enjoying Hikari in the future.
Rock Shrimp - Hot Sex
Salmon Ceviche - Hot Sex
Seaweed Salad - Hot Sex
Kinpachi Carpaccio- Hot Sex
Hakari Roll - Hot Sex
Polar Bear - Hot Sex

This was all takeout so basically it was takeout hot sex.
Excellent sushi!!!
Fresh and well prepared.
A tad pricey but for sushi worth the extra cost.

Specialty rolls are real good.

Definite recommend and I'll be back
Best sushi I've had in a long time. So fresh. The sashimi is incredible. White tuna and Chilean sea bass were . Super sweet staff and chef comes to the table to welcome you and ask for feedback. The cobb salad is ridiculous- huge, with all the usual suspects plus big shrimp marinated in an amazing sauce. Big enough to share. Freshest rolls I've ever had. Love this place. Hoping to always be able to walk in on a Saturday night with a bottle of vodka and be able to sit down, but I have a feeling it will get pretty crowded once you all try it.
Probably gotten take out from here 15 times in the past year. Stellar sushi every time. I highly recommend the Hikari Roll. Price isn't crazy for the high quality you recieve.
Overall, we had a good experience at Hikari. I wouldn't say it's a super-memorable sushi restaurant, but it's certainly a good one, with very friendly service and fresh fish.

We went with some friends, so we were able to try quite a few things. Their appetizers were decent. Miso soup was your standard miso soup. The crab wontons were good. The lobster rangoons were pretty, but didn't quite justify the price when you tasted them. If you're feeling a fried wonton/rangoon dish, just go with the crab. They're very different dishes at Hikari, but the you can get your fix for about half of the cost if you go with the crab prep.

As for the sushi, it's all quite good. I chose the sushi & sashimi platter, which was a chef's selection dish. It was delicious, but honestly, I usually expect something a little more unique when I get a chef's selection. The sea bass was good, but everything else was pretty standard. Granted, what I got was aligned with the cost, so I can't really complain, but it just didn't have any surprises or cuts that surprised me. It was fresh and tasty, but I honestly envied my friend who ordered the tuna selection, with tuna, chu-toro, and o-toro. It looked wonderful and he was raving about how fresh it was. If I went back, I'd just go with that dish if it was on the menu, or go a la carte from the sushi/sashimi menu. No real complaints, though. I simply wish the chef's selection would've had more of a unique stamp on it.

Our table shared numerous rolls. I can only remember the naruto, shrimp tempura, and the "polar bear" roll, but they were all good. I'm not a huge fan of the fancy rolls, but the ones I tried were on par with what you'd expect from a lot of quality sushi bars. If that's your thing, you'll be happy ordering from the specialty roll menu.

Ultimately, what really wins me over at Hikari is the service. The staff is very friendly, knowledgeable, and they really seem to care about your meal. A staff like that makes a place really easy to support, and with no real disappointments, we'll definitely go back. I'll just skip the apps and choose my own "chef's selection" from their sushi/sashimi menu.
As a long time resident of Northern Liberties and a sushi fanatic, I must say Hikari is THE SPOT! 

When you walk in you are welcomed by the friendliest of staff and maybe if you're lucky you'll catch Mr.Sim, the owner and  mastermind behind Hikari. 

Crunchy spicy tuna and eel sushi are da bomb!
Chips pork dumplings ... YUM!
Great quality fish with interesting concepts. 8 piece nigiri included yellowtail, red snapper, tuna, and salmon. The Baltimore roll was recommended and nicely balanced with lobster salad inside and sashimi style fish outside topped with masago. The spicy tuna crunchy roll again, was fresh, but lacked flavor and texture because of the overwhelming spicy mayo, minced tuna, and lacking "crunchy" tempura flakes. I also enjoyed the "yellowtail scallion roll" tho it turned out to be a spicy yellowtail roll, which tasted very similar to the spicy tuna "crunchy" roll. I enjoyed the fresh quality fish but with the expensive price tag and few mishaps, I won't go out of my way to return.
Best sushi spot in Philly. I have tried many of the top sushi spots around(Morimoto, Fat Salmon, Umai Umai, etc.) but Hikari is definitely my favorite.

SERVICE was excellent all around. Servers were consistently refilling water and/or asking if there was anything they could help us with. Nothing is more frustrating than slow/rude service so this was very impressive to me. Everyone was very polite and carried a positive attitude.

FOOD was amazing! I don't remember all of the names of what we ordered but everything was fresh and absolutely delicious. From the appetizers, to the specialty rolls and sashimi...perfect. You can tell the food is prepared with the utmost attention and detail. The servers will also happily answer any questions about the menu! 

PRICE is good for the quality of the food you are eating. Of course it is not cheap..it's sushi. Definitely worth every penny if you are looking for great sushi and/or sashimi. I have dined at other sushi restaurants that were far more expensive but much less pleasant. 

Overall, highly recommend Hikari. I will definitely be coming back again!
Really enjoyed diner at Hikari! I was there the weekend before their grand opening with a friend. We have a habit of over ordering and spending a lot on sushi and this place was no exception. Note to self: 2 bowls of miso and 4 special rolls is too much for 2 people! Service was attentive and the food was delicious. Hikari is dangerously close to my apartment - I can't wait to go back!
I recently went here with my boyfriend, and we had an awesome experience. The sushi was delicious, but the service was incredible as well. Our waiter was there for our every need, always checking in at the right times, and the chef even came by to check in. The staff was super attentive, and the meal was topped off when at the end they gave us free dessert. Thanks for a great night, we will definitely be back!
Hikari is in that area of northern liberties that is becoming more of a popular foodie spot with plenty of dog watching as a plus. 

It's a cute sushi spot that is chef owned which was a major plus for me. The chef and staff welcome you like family too! 

As for the food, this place is a must for any sashimi lover. The fish is just as fresh and delicious as popular places like Double Knot (for a much more affordable price!) but also has great specialty rolls like Bubblefish. There are also specials like bluefin tuna for anyone who wants a very special occasion treat. Except at places where I need a reservation, I've rarely seen that offered in Philadelphia. 

Highly recommended for anyone who wants fresh fish without killing their wallet, or simply misses Tokyo's food scene.
I haven't even had my meal yet and I'm raving about this place. It's a chill restaurant with a nice vibe, outside seating and very attentive staff. So far I've had the seaweed salad and salmon ceviche. It was just amazing so far, can't wait to get the sushi! Also good to note, it's byob!
Such great service!! I just went for take out and they were so friendly. The food is great too! I'll definitely be going again. They even give you a little disposable soy sauce dish for dipping with your take out...it's the little things. 10/10 would recommend!
This review is long overdue. A few months ago, I was in Philly for work and found this place randomly on Yelp. It's in a decent part of town, I think. I took an Uber here and had no problems finding it. 

The place is pretty small but feels cozy. The staff is extremely welcoming. I felt at home right away. I sat at the bar since I was alone. I had a tough day of work and was a bit out of sorts. The sushi chefs were really nice. I chatted with them and let it slip I wasn't feeling too well. They were so nice. Their hospitality was something I won't forget. 

The food was excellent. The sashimi was very fresh. I also really enjoyed the rolls. 

Overall, this restaurant deserves all the praises it's received online. I'd highly recommend spending your dinner here and getting to know the awesomest staff! 

Thank you!
This place deserves the 5 stars it's kept the whole time I've lived in the neighborhood. High quality sushi, BYOB, always good service in a comfortable environment. The outdoor seating is the best. The speciality rolls are always incredible and I appreciate that the simple rolls are extremely affordable. I always leave full off one specialty and one regular, which is a huge plus.
I don't often post reviews, but this place was amazing. Clean, prompt service, and the food was INCREDIBLE. We got pork potstickers, calamari salad and three rolls. So delicious. The staff treated my daughter and me with such genuine care and kindness, it was a joy to eat there. We don't live in the city, but we can't wait to make the trip back! Go here!!!
I didn't realize my rolls were gonna be wrapped with cucumber. It was the naruto roll I believe. Very cucumbery taste. It's ok though because everything else was really good.

BYOB?? No problem. Brought my bottle of H E N N E S S Y and they provided us with Japanese style shot cups. Bill came out to less than $50 between me and the person I was with so that's always a win. Service was extraordinary and greatly appreciated.

Most people already know if you're familiar with the area, parking can be a pain. For the Saturday night I came I got lucky and found a spot within a block but something tells me everyone won't always be this lucky.
freaking amazing sushi.  I believe Mathew is the chef and he previously worked at Morimoto. He's a great guy, very knowledgable of sushi and the fish is so fresh.  I wish they were closer and opened a shop in Fishtown... but close enough to walk to.  Their spicy tuna is to die for. I've had a lot of sushi and the rice and fish are just prepared perfectly.  Excellent!
So glad to have found this place because I've been looking for a legitimate sushi place in Philly forever. Amazing selections of appetizer, sashimi, nigiri, and chef special roles; modern, clean, and cozy ambience; friendly and professional servers. Come here if you want BYOB, high quality sushi and reasonable pricing.
Run, don't walk, to Hikari Sushi.
I've had a lot of sushi in my days and I can say this sushi bar is top notch. It's a small, "mom and pop" type of place where the owner walks over to the table to say hello before you leave, which gives it a cool neighborhood vibe. His dishes are very creative and delicious. The quality of the fish was second to none. We were lucky to have Blue Fin Tuna toro last night which was amazing!!!
Hikari Sushi is, by far, my favorite sushi bar in Philly!! Super friendly staff and excellent food.
Came here with 2 other friends on a Saturday night. The service was very good; server was attentive; water glasses were never empty and the only slight delay was in waiting for the sushi but we were given complimentary seaweed salad. 

We ordered the fishtown, polar bear and hikari roll and all of them were delicious. The fish was fresh and the combination of flavors and textures came together in a way that left us wanting more than we could eat. The chefs do not use an offensive amount of rice like other sushi places do but they used tobiko, sauce and fish to allow the eater to enjoy the taste of fish rather than become distracted with the texture of too much rice. 

We also ordered the Kanpachi Carpaccio which was aromatic and also very enjoyable. To top everything off though, we had two helpings of their fried green tea ice cream which was OFF THE HOOK. Will definitely come back again. A+
Really hard to get 5 stars from me. These guys killed it. Service was better than the food and the fish was incredible. Bluefin tuna special ruined us for normal maguro. 

The salmon ceviche was perfectly condimented with a very light citrus sauce and Gorgonzola, yes Gorgonzola cubes and some other tasty bits. Had a bao too, very tasty but the fish stole the show. 

Run, don't walk to this place. The chef is the owner and he cares. Seems like family running it and it shows. Perfect meal.
My husband and I were just in the mood for sushi and this was one of the few places that was open on a Saturday afternoon around 3pm (others seemed to open at 5). 

Even though we came for sushi, the bulgogi looked really good, I couldnt resist and had to try it...and I wasn't disappointed. The meat was well seasoned and marinated, very juicy. A decent portion size and price. My husband tried some of the rolls including the Philly roll, crunch spicy tuna and sweet potato (I honestly wasn't adventurous enough to try a sweet potato roll) and he was impressed...also he's a pretty big, muscular guy and he was able to get a good meal out of those.

Staff was attentive and prompt about everything, refilling water etc. and one of the chefs came out to ask my opinion on the bulgogi (he put me on that spot, hahaha). 

Also, it's BYOB...I would definitely come back, and actually have some of the rolls, and bring some sake or something next time.
Apparently under new management. I picked up the sashimi lunch special and its incredibly fresh , generous top cuts of 4 different fish. They arrange it beautifully even for takeout.  I'm looking forward to dining in for dinner soon !!
Came here with some friends for dinner. Service was excellent. The sushi was good but not great. We shared the following rolls: Lava, Fishtown, Sprunchy and Hikari. With the exception of the Lava roll, it was honestly difficult to tell the other rolls apart because the flavors in each of the speciality rolls were so similar (avocado, tempura flakes, eel sauce or spicy mayo). I also ordered yellowtail nigiri and a spicy scallop roll. Both were just meh. My friends were not blown away either. Maybe we came on an off night?
Thank you Yelpers for keeping this place so well rated. I decided to drive 15 minutes from my hotel because of the reviews, and it was totally worth it. 

The salmon ceviche was the best salmon dish I've had in my life. The rolls were also great, with a featured one that had fried leeks on top. Really good! And the chef is such a nice guy, as well as the servers. 

This is one of the best sushi places I've ever been to. I'll certainly come back next time I travel to Philadelphia.
Had a fun time coming for dinner! Since it's BYOB, we saved some cash and just grabbed a roll each and split the blueberry sauce rangoons, which was enough to keep my full for the night! My roll wasn't listed to be made with cucumber slices instead of seaweed, so that was interesting, but I didn't mind and it let them put a lot of fish inside without the roll collapsing! 

The other rolls were huge and piled high with toppings, and everyone was pretty content with our quick dinner! Small place with only one bathroom, so not great for huge groups or anything, but alright for small things and to get your sushi fix!
This is an excellent sushi spot.

Mrs. Publius and I recently enjoyed a romantic dinner for two at Hikari. It's a cozy neighborhood spot (they seem to also do a brisk takeout business)- large enough for a group but most of the tables are for 2 or 4 people- which keeps it cozy and intimate.

We both ordered a sushi plate, and I supplemented with a toro special of two pieces of nigiri. Miso soup was warming and tasty. The fish was excellent- the selection was what you'd expect- salmon, tuna, yellow tail, spicy tuna roll... the pieces were very generously sized and everything tasted fresh. For the extra money, the toro was excellent.

Service was friendly and very attentive. It's a BYOB, and since we brought saké they accommodated with a bucket of ice to keep it cool. Maybe it's because we were there later in the evening, but the main sushi chef (the owner?) personally came around to each table to greet and chat. The reviews for Hikari are excellent across the board, and our experience was consistent- recommended!
Looks like a cute little place in No Libs. Ordered takeout and the crunchy salmon roll was nothing to rave about. Barely any salmon in the roll. Also order a California roll and Spicy Tuna roll which is hard to f up. Decent but again nothing to tell people about. Order a Green Salad which came with arugula and grape tomatoes on it - never have I ever seen this! I want to support local businesses during this time but this one will not be it. Mediocre at the best.
O M G the best sushi I have ever tried.. I was able to get a tasting course at the sushi bar with Chef Sim. My friend has told me this spot is pretty new (under new management) and is seriously a hidden gem now in the city. The sushi here does not compare to any location I've tried back home in Cleveland.

As part of the course, I tried a toro tartare, got a sampling of their delectable hand made appetizers, a chefs selection of premium nigiri and Chef Sim's special "Simi" roll. Everything was delicious and each course tasted better than the last. The fish was incredibly fresh and was prepared masterfully by the chef. What I loved even more was how interactive and descriptive Chef Sim was in describing his creations. The server there was also very attentive and took care of every request I had.

Would highly recommend to anyone in the area and if you get the chance, try out the "secret" omakase option! (Ive been told you need to request the omakase ahead of time so they are able to prep and to reserve some spots at the bar).
This BYO Sushi spot is the best sushi I have ever had in the city. I am not joking when I tell you that you can "taste" the difference. The place in general isn't that big, but if you have to wait it is 100% worth it! Ordered 4 rolls between my brother and I and we killed the whole plate. The fact that its BYO made me love it 10 times more. 

Service was good and I still dream about that Fishtown roll. I'll be back to this spot in no time.
Awesome place in an awesome location. The service, hands down, was the best. A very creative and delicious assortment of really fresh and delicious sushi.
I usually don't leave reviews but I had to leave one about Hikari because the experience was absolutely amazing! First of all, it's such a cute, little restaurant and definitely a hidden gem of Northern Liberties. The service was incredible. My water never reached the bottom of the cup and our waiter checked in with us consistently but not to the point where it felt intrusive. The food was also amazing. We started off with the lobster rangoon, which was filled with a rich, cream cheese filling and paired with a unique blueberry sauce. Then we had the kanpachi carpaccio, which was topped with a delightful truffle pâté. The parmesan shavings on the rock shrimp tempura worked surprisingly well with the smoked paprika aioli. I was also surprised by the gorgonzola in the salmon ceviche but the gorgonzola wasn't overpowering at all and paired wonderfully with the salmon, which practically melted in my mouth. I could go on and on but for the sake of keeping this review somewhat short, I will just talk about one more, the Baltimore roll. This was definitely my favorite from my entire meal. The savoriness of the spicy crab salad paired wonderfully with the sweetness of the mango and I could not get enough of the fresh salmon and tuna on top. The wasabi aioli worked perfectly with the roll and the tempura flakes added the perfect, crunchy texture. I went with a group of 4 and we all had a lovely time! We will definitely return sometime soon! Also, it's BYOB so make sure to bring a bottle of wine!
Food amazing and great service from the servers definitely. Definitely coming back! Byob is a big plus!
Very fresh tasting sushi and shashimi. Staff is freindly. A solid option for lunch or dinner and takeout. Location is excellent for outdoor dining.
This is the best reasonably priced sushi in Philly hands down. I first had it at the beginning of quarantine and have had at least 10 times since !
Yummy yum yum.  Nondescript little sushi place.  We were lucky enough to walk in within a few minutes of them opening and have the place to ourselves for lunch.  A super friendly young man named Jin was working front of the house and made us feel welcome from the start.  He answered every single one of our questions about the items on the menu and then some.  Some of what we ordered was an amberjack carpaccio (I forget the menu name fo the fish) , the pork belly buns, the sashimi lunch special, which included miso soup and a little seaweed salad, the lava roll and a roll with fried leeks on it which was a special Jin offered us when we decided to order something else.  Everything was fresh, delicious and distinct.  I can not wait to go back.
I ordered through Yelp and got the Crunchy Spicy Tuna Roll (6pc), Shrimp Shumai (6pc), Crunchy Spicy Yellowtail Roll (6pc), and Shrimp Tempura Roll (6pc). The food itself looked very little for the price (~$50), but I realized it's all the additional fees. The sushi was very good and fish-focused. Not a lot of rice around the rolls so it made each bite feel packed. There wasn't much crunch in the crunchy rolls. I wish they added the crunchy bits on top of the rolls to give them more "oomph" too. Overall, nothing too special but still good.
I grew up in Japan and eat sushi a lot. We tried the new omakase sushi that is flown in from Japan. In addition to toro (fattest part of the tuna) and Alaskan salmon, there are other delicious fish that I had not tried before. This dish comes with special soy sauce that the owner makes as well as special wasabi. The sushi was at the perfect temperature and melted in our mouths. It costs about $4 per piece, not much more than regular sushi. The tempura ice cream and mochi ice cream were delicious. The owner talked to the diners, and the servers were extremely attentive. This sushi is in the upper tier.
As a sushi lover, I've been to too many spots to count - including those around Philly and NYC that cost well over $300/person for Omakase! Hikari tops that list in everything that truly matters. We were lucky enough to go on a night that wasn't too crazy, and did Omakase. Every single dish was SO good that I forgot to take pictures of some of them - a first for me (: 

Location: in cute neighborhood of Northern Liberty, right in the middle of all the activity. We got to sit outside, and the weather and the outdoor lighting & tent were perfectly in sync with the young & modern vibe of the whole block. 

Food: couldn't have been happier! After the meal, my boyfriend and I agreed that the fish tastes better and even more fresh than some of the top-rated Michelin places in NYC. The best thing about this place is that the chef is incredible - we could tell that he was an expert in both the classics (standard rolls & nigiri) and the creative (sashimi served with bleu cheese & mango sauce). Just incredible and so delightfully surprising. 

Vibe: while it was perfect for our romantic dinner for 2, I felt like this would also be great for a girls night out - I'll definitely bring my friends back here with a few bottles of wine since it's BYOB! 

TLDR: this spot is an absolute must if you're looking for authentic, high quality and fresh sushi in the Philadelphia area. Have an early dinner with some drinks here, then explore the neighborhood/head to the pier for a perfect night out!
Searching for an appropriate delivery dinner for our four-year anniversary during "the pandemic" (and really hoping for good sushi that was the perfect, unattainable balance of very tasty, high quality, and reasonable price), I stumbled upon Hikari. It was perfection. Execution was flawless. The standard rolls were generous in size with lovely hints of complimentary flavors. The specialty rolls (we went dragon and holiday) were exactly what you hope they'll be. Holiday was our favorite. Also ordered the two-piece tuna sushi and, again, fantastic melt-in-your mouth quality. It felt like a gamble ordering such specialty food in a pandemic, and was ready to cut any restaurant some slack for issues during this time, but Hikari was easily the best take out we've ever ordered and some of the best bites of sushi I've had (at this price point) in the city.  I'm excited to come back and sit down in-house once we're able! Until then, a new favorite from afar.
A must-try mid-tier sushi shop. Fish quality competes with the best in Philly for a reasonable price. The service is excellent.
If you love sushi you'll love it here. A cute little space and they have outdoor seating for the circumstances right now. Their sushi was fresh and reasonably priced. Our service was great and efficient. We didn't wait long at all. I will be returning.
We got two rolls and calamari. Our argument was who's was better cause it was so good. Prices were great too
