Meh. Overpriced hotel, uncomfortable beds, bathroom was a little gross. 
Service was good. Great people work here and are very nice and helpful. 
We can for an event and the chairs were DIRTY in the restaurant area. 

Food is ok. Very average.
Found a great rate including breakfast buffet on Travelzoo, so I pulled the trigger for the Hilton Garden Inn - Center City. 

The Staff: Front desk and lobby staff were great! Check in was fast and friendly. Popcorn machine and flavored water in the lobby when you walk in? Win!
The Room: The king suite was large! Only $10 more than the regular room and well worth it. Lots of space to stretch out, a couch with separate TV, and a nice desk area. Bathroom was standard, but clean, and stocked with towels. Keurig coffee machine with pods was a nice touch. Didn't hear any street noise (yaaaaas)
The Area: You're in Chinatown (which I loved), but walkable distance to many other areas of the city. You're super close to Reading Terminal, so go and get your eat on! Bonus that many Chinatown restaurants are BYOB. (Sad that the local WAWA closed though) 
The Other: Why oh why do housekeepers try to get into your room at 930am when checkout is at 11am? Wifi was fast and free. Gym/bar on premises. Parking was $34/day in the attached garage, which is high for the area. 

Overall, a good deal and a nice stay for one night this Saturday. Will be back!

Protip: Grab some wine and eat soup dumplings at Tom's Dim Sum directly across from the hotel :)
As good as a standard Garden Inn gets.

Beds are comfy, with soft mattresses, and no sign of bed bugs. Decent shower pressure.

This Hilton is at one corner of Chinatown, and has ready access to the Gallery, Reading Terminal Market, SEPTA Regional Rail, and the Philadelphia Convention Center.
I booked a great rate on travel zoo before I really looked at any reviews. Once I started to look at them I got a little worried. I called the hotel and spoke to the nicest lady named Paula who assured me the hotel was perfectly safe. She also upgraded us to one of the renovated rooms on the 10th floor. It was super modern and had an amazing view.  Everyone we met was so nice and helpful. Parts of the hotel may be older but there's an obvious pride amongst the employees. The lobby is wonderful and we enjoyed just sitting and people watching.  We didn't eat at the hotel but did catch the Eagles home opener at the bar and had a great time. If Sam is at the bar be prepared to have fun and talk sports!  The hotel was in a great location and not once did I feel unsafe.  My only critique was that our room was right next door to an employees only room where the workers for the restaurant were in and out of. I'm a light sleeper so this was really annoying but with a good set of ear plugs it was not an issue any longer.  I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.
Very clean hotel in a terrific part of the city. It is adjacent to the Reading Terminal Market and is walking distance from several Philadelphia landmarks like City Hall and the Philadelphia Art Museum. It is also super close to the 11th St SEPTA subway station and Jefferson station. Basically it has all your traveling needs right at your doorstep.

As for the hotel itself, my room was clean and fresh, and the service at the hotel is good. The front desk personnel are pleasant and responded to my requests. My complaints are that the morning breakfast is not really good, and that the water pressure in the shower was not the greatest. I also think the pillows are incredibly plush, to the point they get lumpy after a short use.

Despite all that, I would stay at this hotel again and you should consider staying here too.
Avoid this Hilton property... And don't bring your Wife or family...

With all good intentions, I chose this Hilton facility for a recent conference / show in Philadelphia.  It's across the street from the convention center...  So it appeared to be the best choice.  More expensive than the other local facilities... But hey!!!  It's a Hilton (what could be wrong with this obvious choice).

Upon my arrival I was inundated by a collection of homeless and aggressive panhandlers, even in the parking garage (which has no direct access to the lobby / registration), and onto the street / sidewalk and around the block to get to the hotel entrance.

It took me back to my many experiences of wading through endless hordes of beggars in India and Bangladesh.

The place is a classic older downtown hotel that is in need of a revamp and a more robust security service.  The room was clean, but aged and pleading for the attention of the maintenance staff (same goes for the elevators, which had the curious sound of not being properly / regularly serviced). 

For the price I paid, and the gauntlet of "in-your-face" panhandlers that one faced just a few feet from the doors... I would never, ever and I mean EVER... recommend this Hilton property.

I am truly relieved that my Wife could not attend this conference, because her safety and well being would have surely been a risk...

As an extensive world traveler (more than 35 countries and 400 cities), and a long term Hilton Rewards member (more than 25 years), staying at more that 60 Hilton facilities world-wide, I can accurately say that this facility does not measure-up to the expected standards for a Hilton property... Case Closed!!!

The bottom line is:   Don't stay here, don't bring your Wife or children...  This is a potentially dangerous and unsettling location, with a fundamental lack of security and a price that is not proportional to the experience.

Let my disenchanting stay be a warning to all....

STAY AWAY !!!!
Better Hotel customer service does not exist outside of the Hilton Garden Inn Philadelphia Center City.

Greg Burton (Guest Service Manager) and Albert Daniels (Front Office Supervisor) treated me like a queen.  I was greeted upon arrival by Greg who graciously gave me excellent tips about the Reading Terminal Market and local attractions for night life and Philies baseball.  He had an infectious joyful spirit that made me believe that Philadelphia really lives up to it's rep as the city of brotherly love.  He also personally delivered a complimentary plate of fruit and cheese to my room.  Upon check out, he gave me a good-bye gourmet chocolate truffle duo.

Both Greg and Albert organized a wonderful Manager's cocktail reception on Wednesday night with complimentary hoers derv's and wine.

The rooms were spacious suites with nice views of the city, and beds more comfortable than my own at home (and i LOVE my Simmons Beauty Rest at home).  Free Internet in the rooms (but I just didn't have time to take full advantage of it), great service for those holding business meetings and conferences in the hotel including yummy snacks and lunches from their restaurant.

Every staff member in this hotel provided me and our conference guests of 50 with excellent service.

If I got back to Philly, I will NEVER stay at a different hotel.  5 stars all the way!
This hotel has bed bugs and refuses to give me a refund. We stayed there from 05/31 to 06/02 and my sister woke up to bite marks on her. They claimed they did an investigation on the day we checked out and there were no bedbugs which is a lie. I have pictures and a doctors note confirming the bite marks were from bedbugs.

Now I'm seeking legal action due to the negligence and lack of ownership.
We've stayed here a couple times and it's gone downhill in the 2 intervening years. There's apparently a new head chef and the quality of the breakfast (specifically sausages and the chipped beef gravy) had fallen. We overheard a woman complaining about the steaks at dinner also. The AC units in the rooms need servicing too; 2 rooms we had reeked badly of mildew or worse but fortunately the third was OK. (milder but not absent)

The location is great though and staff are generally helpful. Room amenities are otherwise good. Also on the plus side, their business center contains 3 internet stations with MS-Office, is free for guests to access, and printing is free!
A great location next to the Reading Market and the convention center.  Rooms are clean and nice, kind of like a higher-end business hotel.  Free internet, pool, bar&restaurant that has a happy hour mon-fri.  If you're lucky like us, you get to stay here for $60 through priceline.com.

The parking rules in the surrounding streets are very confusing and variable from street to street, block to block.  Be careful!
The HIlton Garden Inn Center City Philadelphia, PA was acceptable.  There were definitely pluses and minuses, which lands it a solid 3 star rating.  If pressed, I may be inclined to give it a 3.5.  To summarize:

Plus:
+ Great location.  Adjacent to Reading Market, and within walking distance to most anything you want to explore in downtown Philadelphia.
+ Pleasant business center, with good computers and free printers.
+ Free ice water, with strawberries/orange slices on the 10th floor.  Don't underestimate the value of having chilled water, when traveling.
+ Free WiFi access.  Note, you do have to re-login daily which can be a pain in the butt.

Minus:
- Staff was hit or miss.  Some were terrific, and friendly.  Some were subpar.
- Hotel was louder than desired, in part because of the great location.  Buses, car horns etc. noise filtered in, even on the top most floor.
- Bed was uncomfortable.  It was clearly an older bed as the middle of the bed sagged.  Overall, the hotel could benefit from a nice update.

Pro tip: This Hilton offers a bonus 500 HHonors points for Philadelphia trivia.  Just ask at the front desk!
Everything about this hotel was fine.

The staff did their job.
The room was standard.
The beds felt regular.
Everything in the room worked normally.
The gym was average.
The food at the hotel restaurant was typical. 

The only thing that is outstanding about this hotel is its location. Once you step out, you're literally a block away from Center City, Chinatown, Reading Terminal Market, the Convention Center, public transportation, shopping, dining, etc.
This hotel is infested with bed bugs. I checked into my hotel room and luckily waited to bring my suitcase in. I just had a weird feeling that the place wasn't clean. I decide to check the sheets and I was horrified to find the worst stains I have ever seen. Crushed bed bugs. Instead of the hotel being apologetic, they insisted that it was against their policy to give me a refund. This is just what I needed on a Sunday evening when I had an early presentation the next day at a conference.  I showed them pictures, filled out a complaint form, and was given non committal answers about whether I would get a refund. I was told an inspection had to happen first. These hotel rates were higher than the Marriott Notary just one street over. The poor customer service was unbelievable. 

I left and checked in the Notary Marriott hotel, which was infinitely cleaner, nicer, and had much better staff.

In the end I called my Amex to block the charge. The hotel ended up cancelling the charge on their own but without any communication or an apology OR a message ensuring they will take care of this bed bug problem. 

This is not a safe hotel to stay in and the hotel should take responsibility for their bed bug problem instead of denying it. DO NOT STAY HERE.
LOCATION: 
Conveniently located around the corner from Reading Terminal, the Convention Center, Chinatown and about a 10-15 minute walk from Liberty Bell & Independence Hall - an Uber ride to the latter two will run you about $6ish bucks. 

Staff is very friendly and accommodated my request for a late checkout. 

Standard size room with a fridge and microwave. This is a plus for me when I travel with or without family since I typically have leftovers. 

The lobby offers a decent number of seating options. You can wait in the comfort of AC if you have an Uber or Lyft ride picking you up. You'll be able to easily spot your car since there's tons of lobby windows. There's also fruit-infused water and coffee available at different points of the day. 

There's a bar/restaurant and indoor pool but I didn't check these out so won't advise on these. Reading Terminal is literally steps away so IMO it's very convenient to just grab a bite outside the hotel.
Had a 2.14.2015 reservation for a suite at the hotel - I chose it because of the good centralized location and I have had a long history of positive experiences at other Hilton Garden Inn establishments. 

Arrived at 5:00PM for a 4:00PM check in and was told that my room was not ready. I had reservations for later that evening, but left my bag at the desk and went out into the city to kill time. I was originally told approximately a 30min wait. 

I called the hotel back approximately 1.5 hours later, at 6:30PM and asked for a status update - they could not give me an estimated time for check in. Finally, I called again at 7:30 (reservation for dinner at 8PM) and the room was still not no where near ready. Ended up canceling plans and staying at a friend's home.

Overall, desk staff were nice, but not helpful. No manager in, no offer of a different room or anything of the sort, and poor communication. I was lucky to know people in the area - I feel that it would have been very difficult for someone not from the region to find accommodations at a very late hour.

The experience actually inspired me to start writing yelp reviews!
Busser's delight! And compared to the other budget Center City Philadelphia hotels I've stayed in, the rooms are huge. 

But the staff does not earn the love I have for the nice people at the Center City Doubletree. Here, they all mentioned the bar/restaurant in a corporate sleepwalking monotone, even though it was already closed for the night. And while we were checking in (it was pretty late), a befuddled foreign traveller was informed that his reservation was not at this Garden Inn, but one in Ft. Washington, PA, a mere 30 miles away. The staff kindly called him a cab!! For chrissake, give the lost soul a refund, book him a room somewhere nearby, and save him the hassle and cab fare! If that had been me, I'd never have stayed at a Hilton again.

As it is, I look forward to trying to finagle this hotel from Hotwire again, someday.
We first booked this hotel in September 2016 on a whim when other plans were derailed by flooding. I'd like to thank that Airbnb host for telling us not to come to the beach because we discovered this place!

Proximity to Reading Terminal Market is the big draw, but everything else is in line too. Friendly staff, clean rooms, inviting lobby.  Parking is a bit pricey, but you're in Center City, it's to be expected. 

We liked it so much we came back in January 2017. This is my go to hotel for a Philly weekend.
I was in town for the Roots Picnic and stayed here. We took a Mega Bus and arrived way earlier than the 4:00p check in time and the entire hotel was sold out the previous night. There were other people trying to check in as well but we got bumped up to the top of the list cause my friend is a Diamond Member. We were able to check in at noon.

The rooms weren't fancy, but OMG those beds!!! They are sooo comfortable. I want to trade in my bed at home for one of these. Our stay also included free breakfast. It was a nice buffet or you can have them make something. I'm not sure of the exact rate cause my friend paid, but she said it was reasonable. Side note it's about 1.5 miles from Penns Landing. Nice location, decent rooms, and awesome beds.
The room was great. It didn't look old or in need of renovations. It had a living room area with a micro, fridge, couch, desk, coffee table and flat screen TV. The sleeping area was separated by two pony walls and there was another flat screen TV in that area. 

The location was nice. There is a Wawa right across the street which makes it very convenient to get some necessities. The SEPTA station is not even a block away and Reading Terminal Market is just outside one of the doors. It's within walking distance to many of the attractions in Old City, however after a long day you may want to take a taxi back. It can be a much longer walk if you're feet are aching. 

The biggest drawback of this place was the service. No one could ever recommend a good place to eat or have a drink. Really annoying when they work in this area and should be prepared for questions like this. Staff just seemed like they didn't want to be bothered.
My family stayed here to accompany my mom, who was required to stay here for five days for a medical procedure. She was offered a discounted rate, but we were forced to pay the full $200/night price despite being the family of a patient. I wasn't looking for a handout, but I thought the hotel would do *something* for us since we were spending close to $2,000 for hotel rooms. Nope.

What do you get for $200? Well, it was a suite so at least there was a sitting space... but I wouldn't go so far as to describe it as a sweet suite. The furnishings were typical for a mid-range hotel and in decent shape, although you could tell things weren't that new. Either our adjustable bed was broken or it's a gimmick 'cause I couldn't tell any difference. The worst part about the room is the A/C unit had a fairly loud rattle when running. I didn't bother to call maintenance because I had no faith they could fix it. We just ran it cold during the day and turned it off at night.

The hotel lost power for 4-6 hours one evening. It was quite the inconvenience because my mom couldn't leave her room and it was dark outside. The good news is the hallway lights and one elevator still worked on generator power. It was definitely interesting to be hanging out with all the guests on the floor in the hallways. 

The best part about the hotel is the proximity to things like Reading Terminal and Chinatown. Despite that, I would not choose to stay in this hotel again. IMO, the fit and finish doesn't come anywhere close to justifying the price.
I truly do not understand the less than stellar reviews for this hotel. First off the location is central to everything and right next to Reading Terminal Market. We walked everywhere and never once took the car out of the parking garage. Tip - parking is slightly cheaper than $36 a day if you do not need in and out privileges. Just hang on to your parking ticket rather than pay for parking with your room.

The staff is amazingly friendly and professional. Everyone from the front desk staff to housekeeping to servers at breakfast provided top notch customer service and always with a smile. These people seem to enjoy what they do - quite refreshing when visiting a hotel in a large city!

The rooms are large, clean and comfortable. We stayed in an evolution king and were never cramped for space. Each room has a mini fridge, a microwave and a Kuerig coffee maker. The bed was comfortable, not the softest mattress I have ever slept on, but no sagging in the middle and I slept well. There is a work desk in the room and complimentary Wi-Fi is offered. 

We did enjoy breakfast in the hotel one morning. It's buffet style, but they offer eggs, omelets and waffles cooked to order. Their breakfast potatoes were delicious. Everything on the buffet was fresh and service was great.

I will visit Philly again and when I do, I will stay here. Exceptional value for the price!
I traveled to Philadelphia in October 2014 and was totally satisfied with my stay at this hotel.  The staff is amazing...friendly, helpful, knowledgable about the area, and intent on making sure the guests are totally happy.  I don't think I've met a more friendly, helpful hotel staff.  The front desk, the bell hops, the concierge, the food servers....everyone!

Orlando, Samir, Chamran, Eric and Monroe are just a few of the friendly faces that made sure I was well taken care of.  I do not know these people....I'm just a girl who appreciates a hard working staff!

My room and the common areas were very clean.  My bed was very comfy.  The food in the 10th Floor Grill is good and the service is very good!

I would stay here again in one minute!!  No question!
I stayed at this hotel on July 27th. The hotel's grill and restaurant charged my room for items I did not purchase. I never visited the grill and restaurant. When calling the front desk, they are unhelpful and borderline incompetent. Over a series of four days and four-plus hours, this is what happened.

Friday: Frontdesk (Female) says I need to wait for the manager to return on Sunday, and the restaurant can't help.

Sunday: Frontdesk says she is the manager, states I am lying, and the restaurant checks all transactions. Frontdesk also states I need to wait for the restaurant to open.

Monday: (Going through Hilton Guest Services, with a Hilton Corporate Guest Services Agent listening in as a Gold Member). Frontdesk, the same person as Sunday, states that they never accused me of lying, and a mistake could have happened. And I need to wait for the restaurant, and there's nothing I can do.

Tuesday: Frontdesk (different from any of the other days). She says I need to wait for the manager and they can help me. Explain the situation. She says they will forward me to the restaurant. The restaurant never picks up. Refuses to go to the restaurant to ask for someone to pick up the phone (same building, within a 40-second walk) Repeat 3 times, calling through the front desk, asking for help, explaining the situation. Fast forward two more wasted hours, front desk tells me the restaurant is closed.

I've gone through my credit card to resolve this and reported this location to the FTC and the Philadelphia District Attorney for Fraud. I have recordings of these phone calls and will happily link them if the hotel refutes my claims. I can't believe how incompetent the staff is over a $24 charge for a $400+ stay. Do not stay here; go anywhere else.
The one thing I can count on when I stay with Hilton is the extraordinarily engineered pillows. They are the fluffiest, full bodied marvels of the 1st world that your cranium could hope for. And if you head over to the Reading Terminal Market, just across the street, you can go to Beiler's bakery. Their fritters embody the heavenly Hilton pillow experience, but in your mouth. So if you take a half dozen Beilers Fritters back to your room and eat them surrounded by all your Hilton Pillows, you pretty much have returned to the comfort of your mothers womb.

Other pros: Proximity to Reading Terminal Market and Convention Center, Friendly staff, Neutrogena soaps, fruit water and tea in the lobby.

Cons: Coffee is ample with a container in the lobby and a Keurig in the room, but it's the worst! Elevator to the crowded (and expensive) parking deck is excruciatingly slow.

Do not be fooled by the promise of a "welcome gift bag" making your selection. The "gift bag" is 2 Nestle waters and a magazine in a paper bag. Oof.

The "coffee" and the "gift bag" are lies.
We booked here last minute through Hotwire, so our rates were great for the amazing location RIGHTNEXTTO the Reading Terminal Market and so close to many other are attractions.

The star knocked off is due to the SCARY, SLOW and UNPREDICTABLE elevators!
Can't get much closer to the convention center than this!  Right on the same block as Reading Terminal, if you aren't planning on doing any driving and just want a central place downtown, this works great.   The hotel was very clean, staff friendly, and the gym is small but good.  My biggest complaint was the pool...not terribly big (about 8 strokes long)...the first night I was there it was way too cold (and I swim in lakes), then after that it was like bathwater...ug.
The Hilton Garden Inn in downtown Philadelphia is centrally located within walking distance of the convention center, historic sites (Liberty Bell, Independence Hall) and adjacent to the Reading Market Terminal - a food lovers paradise. 

The staff was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about the area. My room was spacious with a very comfy bed and pillows. The hotel offered free Wi-Fi and a decent size bathroom. 

Parking is steep at $36.00 a day. I was in Philadelphia for work and had to have a vehicle. But if I were visiting Philly on my own I would forgo the car. The front desk gave us a key card for entry and exit to the garage. 

The area directly around the hotel has seen better days but there are a lot of restaurants and shops in walking distance and I never felt in danger. I walked to the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall one morning and it was a ten-minute walk. 

The hotel has a restaurant on that tenth that offers a great breakfast buffet and at night is a bar and restaurant. I was in a hurry and only needed food to go, the staff worked with me and did not charge me the buffet rate ($14). 

The single best feature of the Garden Inn is the Wawa convenience store located directly across the street. Wawa has the most amazing coffee I've ever had at a convenience store ever! You need to check out their soft pretzels too. I am very sad Wawa's do not exist outside of the East Coast.

I was only in town briefly for a TV shoot but would love to return to properly sight see. I would definitely stay at The Hilton Garden Inn on my return.
I expected more of a Hilton Garden Inn... have stayed at other ones in the past, and they were always really nice.  This place was sub-par... I wouldn't have given it 3 stars if it weren't for the convenient location and nice lobby.  The rooms themselves are eh.  We had a comfortable king sized bed and a rather large room, including a mini fridge, microwave, and two flat-screen TVs.  All decent I guess.  But it was the little things... the faucet in the tub that wouldn't stop dripping, the mold/mildew in the tub (haven't seen that even at less nice hotels), the peeling wallpaper and cracked tiles in the bathroom, tiny sink, badly patched up hole in the door to our room, and the fact that all of the furniture seemed like it had just been tossed in there randomly.  It seemed like there were some lamps missing from where they should've been.  The pool/spa were more disappointment.  The whole room was fogged up to the point that you couldn't clearly see across from one end to the other... broken fan?  The hot tub itself wasn't working properly (no bubbles) and there was visible sand/dirt on the bottom of both hot tub and pool.

I disagree with other reviewers about the location being in a bad neighborhood or whatever.  We went to the Wawa across the street and it was completely fine.  We walked around at night in the area, had no problems, and did not feel uncomfortable.  It was cool being near Chinatown... we even went over there one morning for an interesting breakfast.  We parked our car in the garage and didn't have to move it till we left.

Location: 4
Lobby: 4
Room: 2.5
Staff: 4
First the good it is a great location. It is right across the street to Reading Market Terminal and close to China Town and within walking distance to many of the sites. 
Now the bad and ugly. 
It needs updating. 
When I checked in there apparently had been issues with the water which I was not made aware of. When  I got to my room after waiting 2 hours for it to be ready, I needed to take a shower and turned the water on and it was brown.
The next day when I finally felt OK to take a shower when I took a towel off the rack it was nasty and stained, I hope , and not still dirty. I will not stay here again.
Standard Hilton Garden Inn...(I've been to a few as of late.)

Checked in around 1pm on a Saturday...got a room on the 7th floor. My usual request for a room by the elevator was accommodated with no fuss.

Room was average sized with 42" LCD HDTV, fridge and microwave, which was a plus. Bed was semi-comfortable. The AC was a bit finicky, and there was only an old style thermostat that I was afraid to touch because I thought it might have ended up falling off the wall. 

The best part is that it's close to Wawa (for the best iced coffee), Reading Terminal Market, and the subway for exploring Philly.

It would probably be best if you didn't come here with a car...parking is on the more expensive side at $36/night. I actually ended up parking in a lot at one of HGI's sister properties that was walking distance - paid about $15 less.
Okay hotel. Good place to host a training seminar. No Private lot available but they do have garage parking adjacent to the hotel. If your going to stay here though you really don't need a car. You can pretty much take a cab anywhere or hop on the SEPTA system and there are plenty of things to do within walking distance. Old town is nearby, plenty of places to grub as well, including Chinatown. Fairly nice rooms and 3 computers available. Nice work out room and swimming area.

Avoid the restaurant on the 10th floor, unless you need a night cap. Breakfast is ridiculously expensive $16 per person, and food is only so so and not worth the price. 

My experience was pretty good minus the fact that the fire alarm went off 4 times in one night. Not there fault, and in no way does it effect there score but I wish they would have compensated us for it happening.
I am only giving this place 1 star because they did eventually change our room to something we could actually stay the night in. Otherwise it would have been negative stars!!!!
We had tried to check in at check in time, but we were told our room was not ready. We hung out at Reading terminal market across the street for a while and then went back. (We gave them a good hour!) Still not ready. The lady checking us in was totally not nice to us. She was dismissive and seemed to be annoyed by having to help us.She was even more annoyed when we came back!
We asked about a king bed and were told there were only doubles and that the hotel was completely booked. When we finally were able to check in I was so livid I could spit. It was a hotwire room, so I did not expect a palace (although the last time I stayed in Philly at the Sheraton through hotwire and it was amazing).
The first room had a broken air conditioner that was set to hellishly hot and the cover for the control panel was broken and laying on the filthy windowsill. The room was right next to the elevator shaft and it had an absolutely terrifying constant low vibration that you could feel all the time in your whole body and creaks and whooshing air sounds that were like a horror movie soundtrack. It was completely unsettling!!!
I could not have spent the night in that room. I was ready to walk out of the hotel. 
I at least wanted to feel safe in the room which I did not. It was also dank, dark and filthy looking. I did not want to even sit or lie down. We had gotten away for an overnight without our kid and were really looking forward to a night to ourselves in Philly. I was so mad that we might miss out on our parents night out because of this f*ing awful hotel and the crappy room they gave us. We could not really afford to get another hotel as we had paid more than I expected to for this one- there was very limited availability on hotwire that weekend for some reason and this was what I could get without paying a fortune. It was listed as a 4 star hotel. HA!!! NOT!!!!
We called and told the hotel staff about the broken air conditioner. They told us to do something to adjust it and it felt a little less hot, but this is when we should have been offered a better room. I ended up calling hotwire - normally they don't help you, but because I booked the room through the mobile app I was able to get someone to intervene with the hotel. Then someone from the front desk called the phone in the room and offered to move us. 
Our second room was not that great- it had a horrid view, but it was a huge step up from the room they gave us originally, and I felt safe enough to be able to spend the night. We had a good time that night and we also enjoyed the hotel pool which was warm enough to hang out in for a while. 
AVOID THIS HOTEL! They have problems with cleanliness, the staff was unfriendly and unresponsive to issues and it was just unpleasant overall. If I book through hotwire again, I am going to make sure I stay in another part of the city so as to make sure I will not be staying here again.
GAH!
This is, by far, the worst hotel in the Hilton system. Horrible mattresses, poor cleaning, no computer safe, and il-fitting sheets that come off in the middle of the night are just a few of the reasons I will never stay here again. As a regular traveler and Hilton Honors member, I don't know how this place keeps the Hilton franchise. 

Very disappointed. One star is too many.
This is a first glance a very strange hotel.  When you first arrive you are not really sure where the hotel is.  You see the lobby, but the floors with the rooms are above a parking structure, starting on 7.  I have stayed here now three times and find it very efficient and functional for work in the city with a freindly supportive staff.  It is right next to the Reading Station and on the edge of China town so there are great places to eat within easy reach.
I learned a few things when staying at the Hilton Garden Inn:

-My luck with hotels.com has run out. I had reserved a king room but there were none available. We ended up with a room that had double beds which was not the fault of the HGI but it did not get us off on the right foot. 

-I don't like seeing the trash of previous occupants. When I moved a foot stool in our room, there was an empty Coke bottle on the floor. Add to this random dark hairs in the bathroom and on the sheets when I pulled back the comforter. To quote Matthew S. - super gross dot com. 

-Again, not the hotel's fault but there was a lot of talking, screaming, and door slamming on our floor from about 1am - 4am. We heard security talk to the group 3 different times that night. I do not like getting 3 hours of sleep the night before a big wedding where I will be meeting relatives of my husband for the first time.

The best thing about his hotel is that it is steps away from Reading Terminal Market. 

Would I stay here again my next time in Philly? No way Jose.
I spent the night here for the Broad Street Run, using accumulated points. This is a very nice hotel located in the Chinatown district, just across the street from the Convention Center and in the heart of the Reading Terminal Market. Depending on what's going on at the Convention Center, parking can be a problem - you will be parking in the public parking garage attached to the hotel ($35 for the overnight stay). Public Transportation is recommended (Uber!!)
Once inside, the appearance is upscale. The staff is very friendly, courteous and professional. The room was clean, with a mini-refrigerator, coffee maker, TV, free WiFi, ect. that you would come to expect from the Hilton chain. 
Bathroom was reasonably sized with ample amenities. Water temp. and pressure were excellent.
There is a bar/restaurant on the top floor. The hotel also has a fitness room and pool.
If you have a need to stay in this section of Philly, you won't go wrong selecting this hotel.
Not impressed at all. Everything about this hotel is dated, and they are in serious need of a refresh. The rooms are spacious enough, but the furniture is quite worn, and the pillows are abnormally small. Plus you only get 3 per bed. The TVs do not have high def, and all the lamps use a harsh bluish/white LED. 

The fitness center is a joke, with 2 treadmills, a bike, an elliptical, and a single adjustable bench. The indoor pool  is tiny, although there is a hot tub. 

The only highlight is it's location close to the convention center and Reading Terminal Market.

I'm not sure what else I can say, other than you should really try somewhere else if you'd like to get your money's worth.
It was rough. You park in a public parking garage with tight spaces and vagrants scattered about. It felt like a crime waiting to happen. I would would not have been happy parking my car here for $35 a night, but luckily I was in a rental and didn't care. I left none of my personal belongings in the SUV, which barely fit in the tiny parking spot, because I didn't know what I was going to wake up to the next morning. I kept a close eye on my wife and child. To make matters worse, there was no direct lobby entrance. We had to walk around the garage and sidewalk to the entrance which put a target on us for beggars. They knew hundreds of people check in everyday. Not a good thing.
The rooms were stark and very utilitarian. 
The positive is it was right beside Reading Terminal which is a wonderful market. We were close to some of the historical sites as well. The free breakfast was clean and up to the normal standard. Staff was very friendly and helpful. It's a bear getting in and out of this with your car though.
Nice hotel, with a great location.... it was nice that they upgraded us to a suite.... and included complimentary breakfast (as we are hilton members).... The breakfast was the best.  cooked to order eggs, and plenty of other things to choose from.

Location is also nice.

The only issue we had was that due to the flower show.. the hotel could not honor in and out parking privelages.  that added an additional $50 in transportation costs as we left the car in the lot.... although... it was nice not to drive for once!
I did not have a good experience at this hotel. The staff was fantastic, but the room was not accessible, and management was unattentive. The pool and hot tub looked dangerously green, and much of the furniture in the room and lobby was unusable (I use a manual wheelchair). What really got me was on the way out to checkout and the airport there were workers putting up wallpaper or painting just outside my room. They used some derogatory terms for my girlfriend in Spanish (because they assumed we didn't understand). Very tacky and very uncool. When I contacted the manager and said I really was not satisfied with my stay he did not provide the refund they guaranteed. They promised to take care of it, and they didn't. They stopped returning emails and phone calls. Hilton, please follow through on your promises. If you want to FIX this problem and make things right, please reach out. I'm glad to update this review if the situation improves.
Do nothing stay at this hotel. The lobby is the best looking thing on this property. I'm staying here right now because we are locked in. The carpets are not only old and dirty, our room carpet has blood stains on it, the phone is broken and can't even call the front desk, the shower curtains are dirty and broken. It is really bad. pick another hotel!
I wish I could give less than a star.  Came here expecting to get a great room.  Found a black hair in bed in the morning after stay.  My wife and kids have brown hair.  Additionally, there was rust on the door frame entering the bathroom and the wallpaper was peeling.   Went to the pool and the guests were using so much profanity in front of my children.  Overall the room was no better than Motel 6.  I paid over $200 for one night.  I also contacted the manager and they said they were go in ng to give 20,000 bonus points to help make it right but never saw anything!
Stay over for a night after a wedding. We did a extremely late check in and had no issues so that was a major plus. Check out was easy no one really rushed us. The rooms were decent size, the one we had, the bed wasn't up on the window like in most hotels which was a plus cuz that morning I was not in the mood to be bothered by the sun. The bathroom was eeehhh, seen one, seen them all - nothing spectacular but the shower liner (you can tell I'm a mom/homebody) was the highlight of the bathroom because it was detachable ¾ of the way which makes for better and easier cleaning!!! Either way it was a good one niter - clean room, clean sheets, free coffee/tea; I can't complain much besides the slow elevators (only two for the whole place), their expensive garage, and the location under a bridge is hella spooky at night especially if you're out roaming by yourself. 

If we had come into town earlier it would've been a prime spot to be in because there were plenty of stores and restaurants in walking distance of the hotel. And even a few parking garages because parking in Philly is the worse!!!!
I have never gone to a hotel and gotten a gift bag upon arrival, unless it was for a wedding, so let this be a harbinger that this will be a positive review.

Of course, a gift bag does not make for a good stay, but it was fair indication of the service that I received from this hotel. The staff is really trying to put a positive image out there and it's working. Even when I entered my room, they had a can of soda and chocolate covered pretzels waiting for me. I was truly stunned.

Given that this hotel is on the edge of Philly's Chinatown, I look forward to another stay here in the not too distant future.
I always say I'm going to write reviews, but never end up doing it. However, I'm currently laying on a rock hard bed, in a stinky room and want to scream! This is by far one of the worst hotels I've EVER stayed in, definitely the worst Hilton...

The good: (which makes up the 1 star)
-The staff, extremely pleasant. 
-The location, very convenient.
-Free WIFI, score

The ugly:
-After getting over the hard bed, which I'm not sure even qualifies as a mattress.
-The walls are paper thin. I'm fortunate enough to be able to hear every word, laugh, yell, cry in the next room. (Not to mention, each door slam and person running down the hallway). After 20 minutes of drunken hysterics, I finally called down to the front desk, and they called the room to ask them to quiet down.  In fact I think they are currently watching Tomb Raider. 
-Then we made the ultimate mistake of turning on the heat... And now our room currently smells like a hospital/warehouse. Maybe the heat hasn't been turned on in years, or its just covered in asbestos (who knows) I seriously can't breathe it smells so badly in here.

This place seriously needs an upgrade or maybe it should just be torn down completely.

I'm trying really hard to fall asleep so that I can hurry up and get out of here! 

My suggestion, Stay elsewhere...
I chose this property because of its location to the convention center, however I am no stranger to the Hilton Garden Inn brand of Hilton properties. As an exhibit manager I travel extensively and stay in a lot of hotels, many of which are Hilton Garden Inn's.  
Sadly this particular property did not promote the brand in a good way, and in fact in my opinion is a detractor. 
First,the positives. So far every employee I have spoken to has been kind, helpful and friendly.
Second the location is ideal to just about anywhere you want to go in downtown Philadelphia.
Last, very comfortable beds and I like the microwave and mini fridge.

Neutral, is the rooms. They are ok. Not great, not terrible. Just ok. The room had two full size beds which is fine for me but a larger person may find that a little small. 

OK now the negatives. The property is freezing.  I'm not convinced they heat the general hallways or lobby or common spaces above 60°. Possibly even colder than that. 
The floor in my bathroom, like most is tile, and it is an ice cube. Even with the heat in my room cranked to nearly 80° which is sweltering, the bathroom is freezing. I believe it may be above the parking garage or something and has very little floor insulation. 
The gym is small. Not nearly enough equipment to accommodate a their guests. 
The tub wouldn't drain in my room. Had to call maintenance. Had to move rooms because the drain pipe was frozen (guess I was right about it being above the parking garage). 
Overall the hotel is just old and tired and looks like it needs quite a few upgrades to bring it up to the more modern I standards of the other Hilton garden inn's.
Okay. The neighborhood-ugh. But don't we all know this. You go to a big city, any city and you have to deal with the neighborhood. This is in the center of so many things. Don't go outside and hang out with the scary people with hoodies on outside. Don't walk through the alley alone. Dumbass. You go do your stuff, come back to your room and sleep. Us East Coasters know the deal but goodie Two shoes people will trash the place. Staff was great. Bar was great. Breakfast was fine. If you go gallivanting during the day, keep it to the day and don't talk to strangers, dummy.
Great hotel, located in the middle of everything. Less than a block from the Greyhound and Chinatown bus stops. There's lots of restaurants nearby.
The hotel staff is nice and they have cookies at check in.
Clean rooms, clean linen and nice bathrooms.
Great location!  I love this place.  It's right across the street from the Greyhound bus station so if you're coming from NYC (like myself) all you have to do is cross the street and you're there.  Parking is expensive so try not to bring a car, if possible.  The rooms are a decent size and the staff is friendly.  There's a lot of stuff within walking distance such as the reading terminal market, the convention center, and a mall.  It's a great place to stay if you want to walk around Philly and don't wanna fear getting lost or something.
Stayed here for a week for a convention across the street. Best part about the hotel is the location, which is 20 feet away from Reading terminal market and dozens of other downtown attractions and restaurants. The room itself was okay. The AC unit is quite loud and the beds aren't very comfortable. As another reviewer mentioned, the pillows are very small. Front desk staff is quite helpful and pleasant, but housekeeping services are very slow to come by (on three occasions the room had not been cleaned by 3 pm!) the Keurig coffee machine and pods were a welcome addition to the room, as were the mini fridge and microwave. Parking is $36 a day, which is typical for downtown in any major city.
Looking very last minute for a hotel in Center City, we went with the Hilton Garden Inn to be sure we could be close to the Reading Terminal Market. We were able to book the room and then check in within an hour.

Tips: Be sure to use your AAA discount (if you have it) and take advantage of the free morning beverages (coffee and tea) in the lobby.

Parking is $34 per day at the convention center garage (attached to the hotel). The close elevator is out of order now (October 2016) so be ready to carry your bags. We saw a garage down the street that said it was only $20 for 24 hours so while we planned to move the car after the first day we never did. If we went back we'd probably try to park there first and then just walk to the hotel to save the extra money.
Great service *check*
Great room *check*
Indoor pool and jacuzzi *check x 2*

I was really impressed with this hotel. I had caught a great deal on Priceline and if you looking for a little getaway or traveling in Center City this is the perfect hotel.

I had no complaints about the room it was awesome
Stayed here for a night on our way to other destinations.  If you've read any of my other reviews, you shouldn't be surprised that I selected a hotel directly adjacent to Chinatown.  After being in a car for 8 hours straight, it's nice to walk to a good restaurant for dinner after checking in to your hotel.

Accommodations were fine.  Large room generically-furnished like every other Hilton Garden Inn on this planet.  Very friendly staff who went out of their way to make sure you were comfortable.  The adjacent parking garage is convenient if you have a car; if you're shocked by the $33/day parking fee, you clearly have not been to a real city (e.g. San Francisco, Chicago, Boston, NYC, etc., etc.).

It's location that Hilton Garden Inn really wins the prize for.  Literally a dozen steps from Reading Terminal Market, one of the best city markets in the United States, plus being on the edge of Philly's Chinatown, which has improved a lot over the years.

And if you're skeeved out by the homeless and/or odd people at the nearby Wawa, you clearly have not been to a real city.  But I guess I've already said that.
Room was very clean and the staff were nice.

The gym was like a walk -in closet.  Three pieces for cardio... and barely enough room to lift weights.  Not impressed.

Location was really good since it was close to the market.  

Sometime in the afternoon - cookies are next to the guest services :-)
I have such mixed reviews about this place. I stayed here over the past weekend with some friends in preparation for the Philadelphia 2010 1/2 Marathon. The location is perfect because it is right next to the Reading Terminal Market as well as the Philadelphia Convention Center. 

The service here is subpar. The 10th floor grill has weird hours and seems to close early. Every time my friends and I wanted to check it out, it was always closed. In addition, we asked housekeeping and the front desk for extra towels; they indicated that it would come, but it never did. We pretty much had to take towels from one of the maids that were cleaning the rooms on our floor.

Aside from that, the front staff were helpful with directions on getting to the Philadelphia Museum of Art. They were also accommodating by allowing us to have a late check out due to the race. 

The big negative on location is the WaWa across the street. Talk about a ghetto place. Many people from around the area has told us to avoid that Wawa but it was too late, we already checked it out and were freaked out. 

Will I return here again? Probably, the location is nice for the price. I just don't expect to eat at their restaurant nor check out the nearby Wawa. I also will rather try to stay at the Loews hotel which is a few blocks away.
I originally came to this hotel for work, and it had already been reserved for me.  I've been here for two weeks, three weeks after this Thursday, so I will list out the pros and cons-
Pros:
Super friendly front desk staff
Super friendly bartenders, they accept old drink coupons if you forget to use them
Spacious and clean rooms
Right downtown, easy to get to most anywhere

Cons:
Takes forever to get something sent to your room (toothpaste took 45 mins to make it's way from the front desk)
Your room can be quite a walk from the elevators if you happen to be in a back corner 
The "fitness center" is very very lacking, two treadmills, an elliptical, a bike, and one weight bench
The food in the restaurant, including breakfast (not included in room rate) is nothing to write home about.

Overall the best way I can put my feelings about the HG inn is- I'm not super sad if I find that I have to stay here, but I would certainly try to book at the Lowes first.
Got a good rate on this hotel in Philly. Literally right next to the Greyhound Bus station which is how we both got there and left, so very convenient for us, especially since we had a lot of luggage. Once we checked in, they had a manager's get together for some finger foods and beer/wine. They do this every Wednesday apparently. It was pretty good, and started our Philly trip on the right foot. The room was a good size as well. I think we had a junior suite with double beds. It included a buffet breakfast with my room rate (really good compared to other hotels) and free wifi. Eric working on the buffet waited on us 2 of the 3 days we were there and was great. I was happy with the location. Would definitely recommend this hotel.

Also, if you don't want to spend a ton of money on a tour, take the Phlash Bus (all day pass coats only $5), it takes you to most of the main tourist attractions.
We were very pleased with our weekend stay at the Hilton Garden Inn. A very convenient location, in/out privileges at the adjacent garage, and free Wi-Fi in the room (thank you!!!) all contributed to a very pleasant stay. We were able to upgrade to a Junior Suite and found it spacious and very comfortable. The hotel is next to Reading Terminal Market which is perfect when looking for a meal, local flavor, and people watching. It's also convenient to Chinatown, SEPTA Market East and the Convention Center.  

All the staff were extremely helpful, friendly and went out of their way to make us feel welcome. I have to acknowledge Paula Overstreet - who gave us vouchers for breakfast and let us know we could get tickets to the Please Touch museum at the front desk. Any staff I ran into in the hall asked how our stay was and if they could help with anything. They were incredibly welcoming! I would definitely recommend this hotel to people visiting Philadelphia.
Can't say I have a good first impression. Maybe the rooms are nice but it's one hour past check in time on a Sunday night, and there are literally dozens of guests in the lobby waiting to have their name called so they can get their keys to go to the rooms. Not the end of the world, but seriously?
After finally getting to the room, it was fine and what I had signed up for. Staff was accommodating and pleasant - including maintenance who was waiting for the elevator, saw us coming down the hall with our luggage, let us go in and they waited for the next one. I'd consider staying there again but NOT on a busy weekend.
attempted to cancel a reservation made though travelocity within an hour but would not even allow to use the reservation another time in the middle of a snowstorm that is considered by the state to be STATE OF EMERGENCY. We attempted to resolve this through travelocity but the still would not budge saying it was beyond the 'cancellation time' which is 24 hours in advance of the reservation. If you reserve a room with less than a day notice you are saying please take my money if you can't for some reason use the reservation for extreme weather?
This is a review of the parking garage, not the hotel.

You can park for $4 at this garage and another one on Filbert and 12th if you are a Reading Terminal Market customer. USE THE OTHER GARAGE. The other garage takes your payment before you head to your car, this one doesn't take it until you exit the garage. I was short on time (which I understand the situation I was in was partly my fault) and when I pulled up to pay at the exact time on my ticket, no one was there to take my money. Several minutes later, a woman came, but by then I was a few minutes over the 2 hour limit, increasing my rate from $4 to $27. I would not have had this same problem had I parked in the other garage. I never plan to park in this one again, as the other one is much more convenient and less of a hassle.
I stayed here for almost a week on business, and I have to say, it wasn't so great.

Don't get me wrong, the staff at the front desk was amazing, and the cleaning crew did a great job on my room everyday.

But, the hotel itself was another story.  The walls were paper thin, so I could hear someone else's alarm going off at 5 am everyday, as well as their conversations.  The beds weren't very comfortable.  There was a knob that would adjust the firmness, and my knob only worked on half of the bed, so if I had to roll over at night, it was like rolling over the great divide.  And the gym..."gym"...was a tiny room with a treadmill, an eliptical, and free weights...what gym?

The overall location of the hotel was nice; it's right next to the Reading Terminal, and the convention center.  So grabbing breakfast and being into the convention center in under 10 minutes was possible everyday.

I don't think I would stay here again on my own dime, and I would try to get into the Marriott down the street for business, if given the choice.
Let me tell you about great customer service!
Terrance Jones is a gem at the HGI.

While traveling to Philadelphia, I stopped there for a quick breakfast before my meeting.  I left my credit card in the portfolio at the restaurant, Tenth Floor Grille, and went on my way.  At lunch I realized i did not have my card and went back to the hotel   and the restaurant was already closed.  Terrance found me in the hallway looking to get in to the grille.  He asked if he could help and thus began my admiration for the extra steps he took to solve my problem,

He checked with the manager, and found the card was sent down to the front desk.  He took me to the desk, introduced me to the staff and made sure i got my card back.

Grateful and pleased to have my card, I noticed that he was recently awarded Employee of the Year for 2014.  I asked him about it, and he told me this was his 3rd or 4th time to win it.  He loves his job and raises the bar for everyone...

Definitely worth staying there again!!!
The best thing about this hotel is it's convenient location right next to Reading Terminal and across from convention center. A little bit of a dodgy area but convenient walk to tourist sites...including Barnes Foundation and Franklin Institute to the West and Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, US Mint and Federal Reserve Bank to the East. And close to Chinatown for handy dinner.

"Jr Suite" room was fine...clean but best not the best room i've ever stayed in, had a frig which was handy, and the sofa bed was barely usable given the angle at which i "folded"...but worked for a very tired 11 year old boy at the end of a long day.  The two "full size" beds were just that...Full size but certainly not Queen. Was a fine value at $110/night given the short # of hours we spent in the room each night.

Couple other notes - entrance to the hotel (cut out along the curb to pull in to unload) is on 11th St. heading north, so had to drive around the block when we arrived via Arch St.  And for parking we used Parking Panda (online) and pre-paid for 3 days parking at $16/day at the Convention Center parking on Arch St. b/n 12th and 13th (just a couple block walk) which was better than the $36/night at the hotel.
My girlfriend and I had a reservation to stay here on 2/14/15. We arrived a little after 4PM (check-in time) and were told that our room was not ready, but we would be called when it was ready. We don't like to complain unless absolutely necessary and didn't mind waiting for a while. Our dinner reservation wasn't until 8 PM anyway. After waiting for 2.5 hours we were finally told that our room was ready. 

The front desk staff were extremely friendly and apologetic and they offered us two coupons for a free breakfast (which we didn't end up using). 

The following morning we got up and were hoping to take a shower before checking out and found that we had no hot water. We left the water running for 10-15 minutes and it was still ice cold. I ended up paying over $300 for this room and all I wanted was a bit of hot water to take a shower. I don't think that's too much to ask for considering that price!

The location of the hotel is great and we still ended up having a great weekend. If we want to stay in Center City again, I will most likely go with one of the other hotels that are in the same general location.

This experience inspired me to write my first Yelp review. I probably would not have been so frustrated if I hadn't paid so much!
Not a bad hotel In Philly.

+
Awesome location (next to Chinatown, Reading Terminal Marker)
Nice staff
Affordable
Free wifi

- 
Smallish rooms
The room had both a slightly weird smell and a ringing sound coming from somewhere. Neither were overwhelming but both were annoying.
Thin walls
Slow elevators
Entrance feels kind of sketchy

This was decent for a work trip but I probably wouldn't choose to stay here on my own.
I just had the pleasure of staying here for a few days during a conference.

wow.

Firstly they are a very friendly group! As Michelle P. mentioned, I too got to know Greg Burton (Guest Service Manager) who was totally "the man".  There was a corporate cc snafoo when I arrived, but was relatively easily worked through. He even provided a free upgrade to a Jr. Suite which was awesome. Nice jacuzzi / pool on the 7th floor, FREE wifi internet, great amenities, etc....

The hotel is located 1 block from China town, 2 blocks from the Market Street stretch, 5 blocks from Independence Hall, 4 blocks from City Hall, the same block as the Reading Terminal Market (just one of the coolest places I've ever been).

I'll stay here next time I go to Philly--which will hopefully be in the not-to-distant future because that is one AWESOME city.
The reviews of this hotel seem to me to be right on for the most part. Although 3 stars isn't great, I would deem this facility serviceable. We needed to be close to the various medical facilities and it is ideal for this purpose. We had about a 6 block walk. Parking, as noted, is high, but I didn't attempt to shop that, I just wanted to get in and stay put.  Generally speaking, the hotel is easily reachable from the main highways. 

Given some reviews, I expected the worst.  However, the rooms were very middle of the road and in our case, clean and tidy. Wifi was fine. People with whom I dealt were perfectly accommodating.  The breakfast buffet was underwhelming, so I didn't check the price.  The area is not the Most posh, but with the bustling activity in the area during the day it appears perfectly walkable. 

For the price, the entire experience was as expected and I would - and probably will - stay there again.  That said, I didn't see any other hotels nearby.
this is my first stay in Philadelphia and it has been a good one. Like other reviewers, the parking is hard to find or easily miss, had to drive around twice to find it. When I go to the front desk I was given my room and when I went to go check it out, the room was not ready yet, I returned to the desk and met a very nice employee named Ducky, who I think looks like Olivia Munn, made corrections and made my stay a great experience when I finally arrived in my Junior suite. On the 7th Floor, there is a 3.5-4 ft standing pool with a hot tub adjacent to a gym. On the 10th floor there is a restaurant called 10th floor grill which has a terrific view of downtown.
Room was clean, service was super nice. Very, very nice and helpful. People greet you, small talk, open and hold door for you. 
Food was pretty awful. Breakfast bar includes an omelet service and a few meats. The restaurant in the evening offers very poor choices- Cajun shrimp consisted of a tasteless shrimp on a "potato cake", which I think was a tater tot purchased at McDonald's! ;) some drinks are overpriced considering it's a hotel lounge. Beds claim to be "sleep number" but I don't think mine worked. The AC runs very loud. 
If not for the service I probably would not choose to stay here again.
Excellent location in Center City right next door to the Reading Terminal. Rooms start on the 7th floor as the parking lot is above the lobby. They have free in-room wifi and coffee in the morning and water throughout the day in the lobby. Rooms were spacious and bed was comfortable, all meeting Hilton expectations. 

We booked this hotel primarily for its pool. The pool is on the 7th floor but it is disappointingly small compared to other hotels (deepest is 3.5 meters). A few parents and their kids and there is no space for anyone else!
The location is the middle of China Town and under a bridge. It is not fun walking alone past 8pm. 
Room walls are very thin, and can hear everything from the other rooms. 
The AC/heater is one of those old ones that has never been cleaned; you can see a thick layer if dust on it, and that's what I inhaled during my stay there. Yes, it is close to the city center, but there's still a 15-20 min very unpleasant walk, especially at night.
Stayed at this hotel for 1 night while in town on business. Had a later check in and the front desk staff was amazingly friendly. If I were to rate based on that alone it would be 5 star hands down. I had reserved a king room but they had sold out due to updating some rooms so I was was given a small suite with 2 queen beds for the same price and was given a free breakfast coupon for the "inconvenience" but it truly didn't matter to me as I was traveling alone. When I arrived it was dark and I decided this was not an area where I would be comfortable walking around alone in the dark so I opted to have dinner at the lounge on the 10th floor. The food was "ok" but was a but overpriced for what it was. The room itself had been recently renovated and was clean. My main complaint is that it was too dark. There was a ceiling light by the door but only handful of lamps throughout the rest of the room and it wasn't nearly enough.
Enjoyed my stay here from June 25 to June 26, 2018. The hotel is built on the top four floors of a parking garage however the lobby is on the street level. The room was very clean and the bed was comfortable to sleep on. The only minor downside was that our room was freezing at times, even with the AC on, but it didn't affect my mood whatsoever. Great hotel and an ever greater location. Minutes away from Independence Hall, Reading Terminal Market and the local convention center.
I stayed here in late April for a whirlwind, 24-hour, see/drink/eat-as-much-as-I-can tour of Philadelphia in between business trips, and I'm convinced I couldn't have possibly picked a better hotel. It's not cheap, but you could not ask for a more centrally located place to stay if you really want to make an effort to see the town without driving. It is actually attached to the Reading Terminal Public Market, which is THE place to be if you want to absolutely gorge yourself on local foods. It's also attached to the Convention Center, but I wasn't there for a convention. Anyway, it was walking distance to all of the places I wanted to see - Rittenhouse Square, Museum of Art, Independence Hall, Old City, Penn Landing, cit parks, etc.

As for the hotel itself, I honestly only spent about 6 hours in it, but the room was clean and comfortable, bed was fine, bathroom was a bit tight but manageable. I didn't bother with the bar on the 10th floor because there were so many other options right outside the hotel. I understand there was a pool and gym on the 7th floor, but I never saw it. You can check in via the Hilton app AND get a digital key (use phone app to open door), which is a really cool feature. My room was ready almost 3 hours early, so I was thrilled about that. If you use the app, it will tell you when the key is ready, after which you can go right to your room without even stopping at the front desk if you want.

I will say if you are driving, it is confusing to figure out where to go. Usually I stop by the front desk even if I've already checked in electronically, just to get the scoop, but the front entrance is in a tunnel and hard to find. After circling around the area for awhile, eventually I figured out that you just have to park in the Convention Center garage. The parking cost was outrageous - $37 for 24 hours but an additional $30 immediately thereafter, so I ended up paying $67 to park for 26 hours, but oh well.

In short, if you want to stay in downtown Philadelphia, explore, eat, and drink, this hotel is perfect.
We also got a very good price for this room on Hotwire.  The positives: free wifi, pool, great location next to Reading Terminal Market/Chinatown, microwave/coffeemaker/fridge in room, comfortable beds and it was very clean.  For people with large groups or kids it seems nice because the rooms have inner doors opening to other rooms if you want to make a double.  Friendly service.

The bad: 

-agree about the elevators.  They are unbearably slow, creaky and they break.  I hated them and they are the only way to get to your room so actually that is a big deal  Knock off a star.

-"video checkout" did not work.  Glad there wasn't a huge line downstairs or this would have been extremely annoying.

The weird: 

-the clientele: I'm not sure what the staff could have done about this but each time we were in the lobby there seemed to be a freak show going on down there.  We later discovered that there was some kind of wacko religious event going on in town, so that must have been what was going on.  The first time we entered there were a bunch of strange people standing around including this huge caveman family with big beards and not wearing shoes.  They weren't doing anything just standing around in their bare feet and looking dopey and dazed.  Then we came in around 1:30 am and there was a huge group of people playing guitars, yelling about Jesus and waving their hands in the air.  It was weird, a little disturbing, and I am surprised that they were allowed to gather in such a large group in the lobby and create a ruckus like that without a staffer asking them to keep it down or to leave.

-the cleanliness survey:  I think it was about 4 different ways that a cleanliness survey was presented to us and we were urged to give it a 10.  They even advertised some promotion where if you rate them a 10 they enter the housekeeper in charge of your room in a drawing to win a trip to Disneyworld.  Of course, this makes you want to help the housekeeper and rank them a 10.  But I actually thought it was strange that they kept pushing this cleanliness survey and asking to give 10s.  I was even asked at checkout to rate the room which kind of puts me under pressure to give a 10!  And they made it clear that even a 9 isn't good enough for them, because it implies something was wrong.  Its a small thing, and a little strange, but I am bothered by the pushiness of this cleanliness survey and annoyed.  I think asking customers to take the survey once is enough, and the customer certainly shouldn't feel under pressure to do it.  

I have gone on and on about the bad, but this actually is a just fine place and the price is right.  We were definitely comfortable and pleased with the location.
I had a very nice stay here.

Room - Well lit and aesthetically pleasing.  Very clean.  It had a coffee pot, microwave, and fridge which was nice.  Unfortunately, it was a bit noisy (my room had a door to another room, which made noise from that room come in pretty easily).  On the other side of my room was a storage area and when staff would roll carts in there, it would like sound like thunder behind my head.  However, this never lasted more than a few seconds and stopped by 11 pm.

Bed - a bit too soft for my liking on the first night but then I found the little knob to adjust the firmness and I had no problems the second night.

Location - This hotel is ideal if you need to go to the convention center, it is right across the corner from the hotel.  Other than that though, you might want to consider staying someplace else since this neighborhood is not the nicest in Philly (let's be honest, the bus stop for the Chinatown bus is right across the street from the lobby).  Then again, Philly is a very walkable city so nothing is too far away.  There's also a Wawa really close to the hotel which was pretty dang convenient.

Pool - yea, it's about fifteen feet by ten feet and three feet deep.  It's also filled with little kids.  I didn't go in.  There's a hottub though, but I can't tell you much since I didn't go in.

I kept my bags checked at the hotel on the day of my checkout, which was super easy.  Staff was all pretty friendly.
Stayed here for 3 days. The room was clean, nice and spacious. The staff was incredible! Special thanks to Tania, Jonathan and Dominique who went above and beyond to accommodate us and help us navigate around town. They were professional and courteous each time we came into contact with them.  Also the food was pretty good at the hotel restaurant, I especially enjoyed breakfast. The young lady that served us two days in a row was such a sweetheart. I believe her name was Stephanie Selguero - she provided great table service and offered tons of tips for the area.Because of the amazing staff, I will definitely stay here again!
very happy with all the staff & complimentary services! rate & location are great! the refreshments were a pleasant surprise! staying here friday & saturday. im writing this at 2:30am because i cannot sleep! staying on the 7th floor & cant believe there is so much street noise. i not only hear traffic, i can hear yelling & conversations! ive stayed in times square hotels with less noise. 

i will see how the rest of our stay goes & comment further then.

update: just had an amazing complimentary breakfast buffet! once again the staff & service are exceptional! still tired from no sleep though lol
Be advised, you're staying right there in Center City, so you're going to pay an arm and a leg to park, but you'll be able to Uber around town or walk to nearby places. If you choose not to go out to breakfast, be prepared for the most expensive continental breakfast of all time. All you can eat, but honestly, can you truly consume $15 worth of omelettes or pancakes plus tip? In the end, I got a decent hotel room, clean and everything you expect from that Hilton brand, for close to $200/night.
We stayed here during marathon weekend. Right away I was impressed that the hotel embraced the race with a lot of signage and a 2pm late checkout, which is much needed for runners to come back and shower before checkout. We stayed at the Windsor Suites last year and they were awful about this - the maid was yelling at us to leave at 1pm and the front desk threatened to charge us for another night even though we told them that some of the guests were running the marathon and needed a late checkout. 
The rooms were pretty average but the lobby was nice and the location is great. Really appreciated the good front desk service and treatment of marathon runners.
Hotel is in a decent location and the staff is average but the property and management leaves a lot to be desired.

In general I find Marriott locations in Philadelphia a step above others but a recent stay at this property for the Philly Flower Show was terrible.  They are doing construction which is fine but they were doing construction on Saturday morning @ 8:00 without any prior notice at check-in.  When we called to see the situation they lied and said there was no construction happening... I called back 30 minutes later after continuous noise and they said only "lite construction" which really makes no sense.  Totally dissatisfied with their staff for that stay and will be looking elsewhere next visit.
This was by far the grossest hotel I have ever been to. When I walked in my room the first thing I saw was that the night stand hadn't been dusted or cleaned in at least a month. Most hotels do this daily. Then I saw the gross brown hair stuck to the phone that was most definitely not mine. Finally, the remote control had crusty old pieces of food embedded in it. 

In addition to how gross this was, I came back after my room had been cleaned and my door was not shut all the way. They had left my door open to anyone who wanted to enter. Talk about not feeling safe or having your items secure. 

The hotel staff that greeted me was excellent, but aside from that it was terrible. I could not wait to get out of there and take a shower in a real bathroom!
I liked this hotel.  It is in very close proximity to the Convention Center and right next door to the Reading Market which gives you prime location if you have a convention and like to eat!  The staff was friendly and courteous.  I did have a problem during my stay and the staff did everything in their power to make sure I was happy and everything was made right.  

The beds are the only thing holding me back from a 5 star rating.  I was not a fan of the adjustable bed.  They do not make it easy to maneuver the mechanism to adjust the hardness/softness of the bed.   It took me a while to finally find the dial and to find my comfort level.

The price is high for this hotel so you will expect a lot from them,  but they do know this and accomodate their guests.
I stayed here two nights and I enjoyed its location. It's very close to a subway station and its right around the corner from Reading Terminal Market, which is an excellent place to have breakfast. Independence Hall/Liberty Bell was also within walking distance pretty much right down the street to the east.

My room was comfortable and I didn't have any issues with the air conditioner, which worked perfectly. My bed was fairly comfortable too. Check-in was easy, though I arrived later in the evening.
The little things were a problem.  Key mysteriously stopped working twice.  Some TV screens on gym exercise equipment broken.  Remote for one of two TVs in room didn't work.  Windows were dirty.  Cleaning crew did not replace shampoo or conditioner.  Room service food tasted like it had been reheated in the microwave.  Shower head  loose.  Bedside lamp had wonky wiring - only turned on every 6 times you pushed the button.  

The goods: bed comfy, free Internet, good location for conventions, and for restaurants (Chinatown, Terminal Market).
The view was nice, spacey rooms, comfy, location is great smacked dabbed in the city.
Located next to Reading Market (500ft), and Chinatown (0.2 mi). Pick up for the PHLASH and Hop-On-Off buses are a block away.

We got a two queen jr. suite includes a sofa bed and two tvs.*  Plenty of outlets on the bedstands (4 usbs, 4 outlets), 2 usbs and 2 plugs on the desk.  Bathroom is lit by the mirror, Toiletries are Neutrogena. 

Staff were courteous and helpful. Mobile app made checking in/out a breeze and has an option for a digital key. 

There is a restaurant and bar on the 10th floor and gym/pool is on the 7th that are opened until 11pm.

Food wise: We primarily grabbed breakfast from Reading Market, dinner at nearby restaurants.

* Ports are unobstructed, able to connect our Apple TV to support our GOT fix. Tech tip: to connect a PS4. Connect to the wifi and open the Internet Browser to log in.
Honestly, this was a great weekend stay! The service of the staff was above and beyond excellent. They genuinely care about making us satisfied but were not overbearing.  

Our room was nice and clean with a comfortable bed and pillows. The breakfast buffet was in a gorgeous restaurant with yummy real food. The bacon was crispy and a generous omlette. 

The location is convenient as we walked everywhere. The rates were great through priceline. 

I highly recommend this place!!!
Our experience here was great from beginning to end.  Check-in, accommodations, cleanliness were fantastic.  The hotel is located smack dab in the middle of Center City, so there are endless bars and restaurants to check out within minutes walk.  The world renowned Reading Terminal is literally down the street. Catch a hotel deal on one of those well known travel discount sites (hint: begins with a T and mentions a zoo).
It's about what you'd expect, and nothing more.  Cheap ($65 through Priceline's name-your-own-price system for a Saturday night in December), clean, and in Philadelphia.  Nothing particularly fancy about the room I stayed in, but nothing broken either.  The only downsides were (1) some of the lights in the room gave off a blueish florescent tint and (2) the ill-lit parking garage looks like it was taken from the set of a gritty 80s action movie (i.e. Robocop).  Thankfully, I didn't experience any of the major issues discussed in other reviews (problematic guests in the lobby, dirty room).
I am a Hilton Honors members since 1991 and I am now disabled and they put me in a room--see the picture of the bathroom rust and their response was the building is just old and I experienced several other problems which they wanted to just make me quiet with freebies which I refused as I want to return to good service not "hush money" and problems go without correction!
Location: Central location, good amenities within 1 block.  However, being at that location comes with whole lot of baggage.  There were prostitutes soliciting on their drop off curb.  One of them exposed herself when my kids and I walked by.  It happened in late afternoon during daylight.  You can hear sirens most of the night.  

Rooms: I like the size and the set up with 2 TVs.  They are going through renovation.  The room I stayed in still emanated strong paint smell that irritated our breathing.  The walls are pretty thin.  I can hear the cell phone silent vibration in the next room.

Staff: Some are friendly and attentive.  One was kind of bothered when I asked her a question.

Parking: Be sure to make the reservation with parking.  Otherwise, the garage is going to make a killing off you.
Meh.....
The pros- good downtown location, near most Philly attractions including Reading Terminal Market.

The cons- tons of homeless and street beggars. Inconvenient parking, dirty corridors with trash everywhere, stained carpets, small and unkept pool area, inconsiderate cleaning staff who play music loudly while guests are sleeping, and very loud rooms where you can hear all of your neighbors conversations at anytime of the day or night.
My past experiences at a Hilton hotel was always positive till now. What happened to the quality I expected and remembered? 

First off, what is with the 4p check in times?! I got into Philly at 8:30a and  parked a block away in a public parking garage. FYI if your car is higher than, 6'3 u can't use the parking garage that's right next to the hotel. Surprise! Parking is expensive. 
The hotel is near most attractions and share the same block as the Reading Terminal, which is a plus and one of the reasons why I went with this hotel. The hotel entrance was clean, bright and inviting. I was greeted right away by an overly happy clerk. Though I was greeted with a smile it seemed forced and made me a bit uncomfortable. They were trying too hard! The check in process was quick and I was checking out my room within 15 minutes. 
The room...clean! Exactly as pictured, nice and cool which was a definite plus coming in from a very hot and humid day. After reading the jaunty note about sending my housekeeper to Disney I looked over the room again and found it....clean! Whew! BUT the gum that's stuck underneath the night stand should be removed. People are nasty! 
The pool: the kid enjoyed it, Cheers! The pool towels need more fabric softener! Sandpaper! 
10th floor eats. Nice view, and private table...or where they hiding the only ethnic people in the other room? I haven't decided if that was the case yet. We had about 4 servers greet us at 4 different times including the manager? Hostess? All very nice, but one would have been less confusing. One thing that impressed me was a server asking us if it was ok to vacuum so he can set up for he next day. He didn't want to disturb us with the noise. 
The food: we didn't get fancy, pizza for the kid, burger for me and wings to start. Wings...crispy, just enough spicy as requested, but over cooked and can tell it came out of a freezer. Burger, cooked to requested doneness, just tasted a bit off, like the meat was starting to go. Pizza , the kid said tastes like it came out of a freezer. My advice...skip the place and go to Crowns around the corner, waaaaay better food with a lesser price tag. A side note here...the staff was very nice and I feel a bit bad for not writing a stellar review but I have to be honest. I expected much better food from them and not the Hilton's rendition of T.G.I.F. Fare...eww. 
The bed....let me tell u how excited I was to try out the TemperPedic mattress, and then the absolutely horrible night sleep ever in all of my hotel stays! 
First off, I was just tossing around the idea of buying a Temper mattress so what a chance for me to try one out. Well, we couldn't find the adjuster for the bed and no literature on how to operate the bed was to be found in the room! The only "How To" was located at the front desk. I called down but no answer...break time? No clue, gave up after 10 rings. This mattress, heaven when u first lie down then you realize that it dips in the middle, so what, all hotel beds do you say to yourself, but this one was bad! So bad that you literally roll into the dip! Imagine a bowl with you lying straight across it with only your head and feet being supported with no support for any parts in between. I had to tuck a pillow under my waist to keep my torso supported. I kid you not. I wanted to cry because it was just miserable. 
Check out...had to get my rate adjusted, over charged me $20. They fixed it right away. Plus! Clerk was nice and helpful, but looked disheveled. Her shirt was half tucked and sleeves rolled up haphazardly. I usually have no opinion about how the staff looks but this bothered me for some reason. 
All in all I feel like I should have had a better experience than I actually did. The staff, I just think they tried too hard to be nice. Be sincere. 
I would think twice about staying here again. For the money it should have been a better experience.
WORST HOTEL STAY!!!!  BELOW HILTON STANDARDS.    I gave this rating one star ONLY because this hotel is in a decent location.  Two of the three hotel staff members at the check in desk had an unfriendly attitude, and the hotel is dingy and needs updating.  The rooms have a mildew smell.
When I sat on the foot of the bed, the matress flipped up.  I weigh 140 pounds.    The bed was not attached to the wall and the bed was tilted.  I called the front desk and they told me they will have engineering look at it.
They did not ask if I was okay.    Engineering determined the entire bed frame was broken and had to be replaced. At that time I was NOT offered a new room or asked if I was injured.   I spoke to a different person at the front desk again and insisted on a new room.   Still no inquiry if I was ok.  They didnt even offer complimentary breakfast for their restaurant.   Keep in mind the hotel staff maid/cleaner HAD TO NOTICE THEIR WAS SOMETHING WRONG WITH THE BED WHEN SHE MADE THE BED UP...  Obviously hotel staff did not do their job to their best standards.  Maybe the sheets were never changed from the last guest....GROSS.... The hotel staff treated me very different, as if they were the guest.  No one deserves to be treated different or unfairly.  They have a logo on their walls in reference to making your stay brighter...  this was the darkest stay ever.  And NO, I am not okay!!!!
I was supposed to check in tonight but the front desk said my reservation was for the next day. This is not my fault as the reservation was made by a conference organizer. Not only the front desk refused to cancel my reservation, citing it was a group rate, he then recommended me to a supposedly 4 star hotel nearby. When I got there, it was a 2 star rundown inn in a shady area. I am very pissed at this person. Why would anyone at this Hilton hotel do that to a loyal Hilton Honor members? I'm beyond shock and disgust.
Four stars based on the category of hotel, which is casual but not dirty. Obviously this is no Ritz or Four Seasons, but it is in a prime location around the corner from Reading Terminal, within close (and safe) walking distance of all the historical sites, and the rooms are clean. Our room had a view of the parking lot so we were also able to keep a watchful eye on our car. Customer service was exceptional, Selmia is awesome, and really made you feel at home. That girl needs a raise and promotion, stat.
I had problems checking in on Tuesday night (stayed 2 nights), so I docked a star. The first time I went to my room, the key didn't work. The second time I went to my room, there was someone in it. When I returned downstairs, the front desk guy was surprised. I should've been in a different room than the one printed on my envelope. I finally settled into the correct room the third time.

If you can get over the grimy-ness of Philly and the abundance of homeless people (EVERYWHERE), the hotel isn't in a bad spot. It's 1.5 blocks from Market Street, which is where the convention center is located. It's also around the corner from Reading Terminal Market and other great restaurants within walking distance. 

I was here for work, so sightseeing wasn't really on my agenda, but the good places to eat were a bonus. The king size bed room I stayed in was $137/night (so not bad), and it costs $33/day to park here. There are two parking garage entrances, one off of 11th street and the other off of Arch street. You really should just stick with parking in the garage, as metered street parking is extremely limited. I also didn't see any other garages nearby that could be cheaper, since the hotel's parking garage is also for the convention center and Reading Terminal market.

The room itself was clean, had free wifi, and probably the best air conditioning system I've experienced in a while at a hotel. There's a fridge and microwave too. Right now you also get double Hilton Honors points, so that's an added bonus. I would consider staying here again.
Totally loved this hotel. The staff was super friendly, the hotel is very clean, and the location is amazing. I will definitely stay here again any time that I visit Philly. The hotel is within walking distance to so many great restaurants, bars, parks, and reading terminal market. The junior suite with 2 queen beds was spacious and it had a nice view. So happy we booked this hotel.
