Hinge Cafe on East Somerset Street in Port Richmond, Philly, is another great corner cafe in this part of the City of Brotherly Love. The atmosphere is urban casual, with wood upholstered furniture, step up side dining room, and lots of local artwork for sale on the walls. The menu is fairly traditional American fare. Breakfast and lunch are the focus. 

During the week there is ample street parking, although it may be necessary to walk a block or two. There is a small storm room entry at the corner front door, but once inside the full effect of this turn of the twentieth century retail space takes effect. It could just as easily be 1930 and 2018. I love that kind of time warping. 

Service is offered by friendly neighborhood women, who move efficiently through the shop loaded with coffee mugs, and large breakfast plates. The java was strong and refilled as needed. My request for milk rather than creamer was met with a small stainless pitcher of cow juice. My short stack french toast was well saturated with egg, vanilla and cinnamon mix and grilled up with a good caramelized surface. Tasted so good with melted butter and lots of syrup. 

The combination of old city streets, repurposed space and quality food made for a strong morning impression. Could have hung out a while longer with another mugga joe, but an appointment back in the 21st century beckoned. Still, Hinge Cafe is another of those exceptional cafes, luncheonettes, and pocket restaurants that make these historic hoods so interesting and worthy of repeat visits.
the website for hinge cafe lists the following definitions for its namesake:
      1. a natural and anatomical joint in which motion occurs
      2. a principal on which something is based or depends
      3. that which brings things together

fittingly, after months of planning, it was hinge that finally brought my girlfriends and i together for dinner this past weekend. we wanted somewhere veggie friendly, somewhere chill, somewhere different from our usual haunts...and this hidden gem of port richmond offered all of the above, along with being BYO. sold!

upon entering what felt more like someone's house than a restaurant, we were warmly welcomed to our table by the hostess along with tommy, who provided the showtunes-laden soundtrack to our meal. the three of us shared two apps to start - the neopolitan salad and the baked brie. the gooey, candied richness of the apple, pear, cranberry & walnut drenched brie was nicely balanced against the lightness of the salad - a crisp mix of vegetables, feta & greens atop a sheet of homemade lasagna in a citrus basil vinaigrette. we devoured them both!

for her entrée, my one friend selected the small plate of gnocchi du jour, which on this nite featured a blue cheese cream sauce. the one forkful i tried was quite good, and tho i personally found it a bit heavy for an entire dish, it hit the spot with my stinky-cheese loving friend, and was a perfectly sized portion for this pasta.

despite our mutual hesitation with eggplant, my other friend & i decided to face our fears and chose the eggplant parm for our main course. a twist on the standard italian preparation, it featured 2 huge, thin, provolone-covered slices of deeply fried eggplant over top a bed of angel hair pasta in a light sun-dried tomato laden sauce with a side of asparagus. fears be damned! we were both quite happy with the selection, and i enjoyed it just as much, if not slightly more, when i heated up my heaping pile of leftovers for lunch the next day.

there's always room for dessert, right? well, that's what we told our full bellies as we ordered one slice each of the house made chocolate ganache and caramel coconut topped oatmeal cake. sadly, i had to call it quits after just a few bites of each sweet treat, tho what i did try has me longing for more now that i'm not so stuffed!

service was attentive but not overly so, allowing us to dine at a leisurely pace and not rushing us out the door as we essentially closed the place down whilst drinking our wine and conversing with tommy the piano player - an entertainer extraordinaire! with a dinner menu that changes monthly (plus a great sounding brunch!), and affordable prices (our entire check came to a mere $71), i will most definitely be back.
The lovely wife and I truly enjoy interesting brunch spots and these folks really delivered for us yesterday!  So let's talk about expectations.  Here is what to expect if you visit-

* Expect parking to be nasty but if you live in the Philly area you're used to it.

* Expect to be seated without an ungodly wait.  The wife and I showed up at 10:30 yesterday (Saturday). It was very busy but we waited less than five minutes.

* Expect the coffee to be great and served in over-sized mugs.

* Expect the menu to change frequently.  This can be good and bad.  You might see something that calls your name in one of the dozens of Yelp photos only to discover is was a special two months ago.

* Expect classic rock to be playing in the background at just the right volume.

* Expect a funky, eclectic atmosphere with original art on the walls that is also for sale.

* Expect to meet your neighbors as the seating is tight.

* Expect your brunch to coast about $10.  Most of the menu is within a dollar or two of that.

* Expect the portions to be large.

* Expect your waitress to be exceptional.  Yesterday ours was amazing and I took a few minutes to observe two other waitresses.  They appeared equally as good.

* And most importantly EXPECT your food to be excellent.   The wife had the MONTE CHRISTO with raspberry preserves on the side.  I enjoyed a MEXICAN SKILLET dish that was packed with spicy sausage, black beans, corn, and served on top of a cheese quesadilla!  Both dishes were easily four stars and boarding on five. 

This is a wonderful four star place for us and we'll be back!
This place is pretty good but, they have WAY too much going on in there, there isn't any order, the decor, etc is way too busy.  Also, the owner? and employees are always conducting business at a table with their paperwork and laptop clutter everywhere - they need an office, as a customer I don't want to hear their business woes!
The food and coffee is good enough.
Stumbled upon this place on Yelp one morning when deciding where to go for breakfast.  Good reviews, close by, I'm sold.  On my first visit, on a weekend mind you, I was promptly seated.  There was a guy playing the piano.  Promptly seated and guy playing piano.  Need I go on?!  Ok so then there is this specials menu with about a half dozen entrees listed.  The next one was better than the last.  How is a girl to decide with this many fabulous choices?!   I ended up going for some sweet potatoes, kale, over easy egg, pepper and onion dish with GOAT CHEESE.  Delish!  I have actually recreated it twice since! 

So then the boo and I were hungry again, a few weeks later, and he says lets go back to Hinge.  Of course!  Why not?! We loved it the first time.  This time we were once again seated promptly, on a weekend, but no pianist this time  I went for lunch and got the pick two option with a salad and sandwich.  Delish. Everything was fresh and reasonably priced!  The breakfast specials menu once again boasted an array of specialty skillets and such and the boo got an Italian skillet dish that was fabulous, of course.  

So in conclusion; This place is our go to for breakfast/lunch.  We think the food is great! Service is wonderful! Atmosphere is fabulous! Prices are great!
Ive had so many great meals here.
Recently I introduced a friend to this place for lunch and it occurred to me that it's been way too long since I've been there.  Then I wondered why I hadn't yelped it!

Food's great, atmosphere nice, service excellent.  Really, I hold it up as equal to Honey's and Sabrina's.  It's location makes it better in that there's never a wait for a table like there is at those two spots.  If you've not tried the Hinge, well, get there.

Breakfast and brunch are super but I have never been disappointed in their dinners either.  Their prices are made for this economy, trust me.
Hinge is like a diamond in the rough.  Most people go to south philly or northern liberties for a good brunch, but the secret is that the best place to get brunch is in port richmond.  A close friend told me about hinge for months before I went the first time....I was in disbelief that anything good could really exist on this stretch of road...boy was I wrong.  Amazing coffee, food reasonable prices and NO WAIT.  Plus a great atmosphere and good service - and amazing specials.  

Seriously, if you haven't tried this place out you really should.  Totally worth it.
Hinge cafe's brunch food slams the door on all of its competition.

Only 70 reviews show that this place is a true hidden brunch gem in Port Richmond. If you don't feel like waiting in those long lines at Honey's, Cafe Lift, or even Sabrinas, I guarantee if you head to Hinge's, you'll get a seat immediately. 

The portions here are astronomical.  You'll most likely pack your leftovers home (Unless you're a piggy like me). I've tried the breakfast burrito and Monte Cristo. Both were delicious. Perfectly made. Also loved the crispiness and flavor of the potatoe sides. 

Service was superb. All the servers were extremely friendly and accommodating. Prices were also reasonable.

Philly is truly a mecha for bruncheries and Hinge is one of the best. (I secretly want this place to remain fairly unknown so I don't have to wait in line.) But as a loyal yelper, I guess I'll share Hinge with you guys... :)
I am blown away by this mornings breakfast-- for real.  The first time I went to hinge it was good by super slow so I wasn't the happiest but this morning my brunch was incredible -- I had the winter hash with cherrywood smoked bacon, kale, goat cheese, sweet potatoes and caramelized onions with two over easy eggs and gluten free toast! My boyfriend had their cheddar jalapeño breakfast sandwich and it looked fab. Portions are great, cute atmosphere. I love it!
First time here! And absolutely love it!!! "Kate" my server was amazing so nice the food was very tasty and feed me for not a huge price! Great hospitality and customer service!! I will be back and I do recommend
After two excellent visits, a five-star review is warranted for this somewhat hidden gem in NE Philly.  Before stepping in the door, there's something very relaxing about not having a parking issue or having to wait in line.  

We adore the cinnamon bun pancakes!  They're a nearly perfect calorie bomb on a plate, and our batch this second time had a little crispiness on the outside edges, which is my favorite way to enjoy pancakes.  The eggs benedict (in any variety) are also very good, and I surprisingly enjoyed the Super Spicy Burrito (not all that spicy).  Their home fries are not the crunchy fried type, but more of a grilled variety, and they packed with a ton of flavor.

Both times the service was excellent, and the food came out super fast.  It makes for a perfect place to go just outside the hustle of the city, and I have to recommend stopping at Green Grow Farms just a few blocks away before or after your meal.
4.5 stars for a lil breakfast spot? Well lets find out, because i think this spot is a winner.

first off, it was father's day and they accommodated us, and opened up the top floor myself and my friends. eventually more guests came too, and it was a nice private area that was cooled off, and much more quiet than the rest of the cafe.

service was quick, the waitress was friendly and made sure our coffee and waters were filled and on point. and now for the foood.....


i immediately jumped on the special for fathers day, the crab cake benedict (modestly priced at $14). our waitress said the chefs had made these at a special event, they were on point, and they just had to make them for the cafe. and well, she was right. they only had a certain amount, since they were made fresh and just for fathers day. i am one of those weirdos that finds it a positive that places run out of food, for the most part this means what im about to stuff in my mouth is made fresh. and hey they just ran out for that day. so anyway, the crab cakes were a perfect size and not much filler. big pet peeve of mine? crab cakes with a pound of bread crumbs and other fillers. as soon as she brought over my plate--i can smell the crab, fresh real crab ladies and gents! THIS WAS BEAUTIFUL! perfectly toasted english muffin, a nice plump egg. the hollandaise sauce was the perfect consistancy and flavor. the potatoes it came with, needed to be cooked a little longer in my opinion but they hit the spot. the buttery grits, the side i added, were good. not southern grits, but had a nice butter flavor and felt like mashed potatoes. overall, i truly loved this meal and appreciated the service since it was so busy but still got served pretty quickly.
i went to hinge last night for dinner - very cute space in an unassuming place.  we gorged and split 2 small plates and 1 large - all pasta.  :)  very inexpensive food... cute decor... and oh my goodness the cheese ravioli with roasted tomatoes was great.  the pumpkin gnocci was awesome as well but i could have kept on eating those raviolis, whereas most pasta dishes i can't finish.  good bread as well.
It's been far too long since I've written anything here.  Holidays, cooking in, cold weather, and nothing too exciting on the restaurant front have all conspired against me trying out new places. I'll definitely have two new posts for restaurant week.

I went to Hinge Cafe for brunch on Sunday.  I went to this spot months ago, and decided to try it out again.  Despite its location on a weird block on Port Richmond, this spot was packed for Sunday brunch.  We only had to wait a few minutes before being seated.  It's nice to be able to have a good brunch spot close by without epic Sabrinia's-esc waits.  

I had an omelet that was on special.  It was filled with cheese, and several kinds of peppers and onions.  It was a generous portion, probably a three egg omelet.  With the side of potatoes, it was honestly enough food to fill me up for the entire day.  Dining with my friend Bryana, she also ordered from the special board: eggs florentine.  She had a similar assessment as myself; the meal was delicious and served in generous portions.

There are two factors that impress me the most about Hinge: The coffee is excellent and served continuously, and the menu is extensive.  There were several great offerings on the board for specials that I didn't even take a serious look at the regular menu.  I could easily come back here several times in the future and have a lot of good, different options.  Hinge doesn't just do brunch, either, they have a good offers for all meals.

Bottom Line: Hinge offers quick service and meals at affordable prices.  It makes a great brunch spot that is (for me) close to home.  I've never been at night, but apparently Hinge also host small music events.  It would even make a great stop for a coffee shop, as it has a few small tables up front and a bakery case filled with mouthwatering desserts.  If nothing else, it's great to support this spot in a neighborhood that needs it.
Awesome neighborhood jem. Food and coffee both amazing, great choices. Staff extremely nice and accommodating. Very casual but ambience is comfortable and I love the local art. will be coming back often and soon!

P.s. shortly after my meal, I Had to order the cinnamon bun pancakes. I couldn't imagine someone taking down a full stack with out their heart bursting or slipping into a  diabetic coma at the table... But words can't express what i felt inside after i had them.
Lets talk Atmosphere:
I love everything about this place if you refer to my images in this location, i love that the sun beams in so its bright. I live the fact that cops are always in this place ALWAYS! So at the same time you feel Safe! I love that its so cute and nicely put together they have pillows on the tables towards the wall! YOU guys they have PAINTINGS on the walls that you can purchase I KNOWWWW!!! Its so cool! The atmosphere is calm & very respectful no ones cursing no ones being loud its an amazing atmosphere! 

Lets talk Service:
I love all the ladies here my coworkers & i are always coming in the morning before work & i love that after the second time they already knew who we were & they were so nice! To me that goes a LONG way!!! The ladies are so nice & always smiling! When your drinks are running low they are already refilling for you :) they come to make sure your food is exactly how you asked! They are just amazing!

Lets talk FOOD:
Omgggg i mean amazingggg food!!!! Its so fresh & tasteful!!! I have absolutely no complaints with food NOT ONCE have i had one!!! Its so well seasoned & just mouth watering that just typing this review is making my mouth water lol 

Well Thats it guys!!
The food is good, but this place is run like a joke. We called way ahead and they told us coming in at eleven wouldn't be a problem and to call back when we were on our way to put our name on the list. So we did at 1045. They told us it would be about a 20 minute wait. We had people in from out of town so we told them to meet us and we headed over. It's now 1200pm, we have not been seated, and they just told us it would be another half hour before we could sit. (We are a four top by the way, nothing crazy) After lodging my complaint, I then over heard one of the staff telling the hostess, "just be honest about the wait times." Yeah. Thanks for lying to us and screwing up the timeframe of our whole day. I would seriously think 2x about going here during any peak time... Unless you have nothing better to do with your day.
I love the HInge!  I've been there numerous times and I've never been disappointed.  I've tried a bunch of things on the menu, but I find myself in a rut of always getting the breakfast bruschetta.  It's a huge portion of bruschetta with eggs over goat cheese smeared crusty bread.  I can only eat half and I usually take half home to reheat the next day (not as good as fresh, but not so bad either).  The Mr always goes for the vegetarian skillet -  potatoes with a bunch of veggies and cheese mixed in with eggs on top and toast. It's also available with sausage.  My one frustration is I've had a few amazing specials which haven't turned up again on the menu.  How I long for the french toast with peaches and mascarpone cheese, or the goat cheese and leek omelette - yum!  The vibe is really relaxed and friendly - like hanging out in someone's living room.  And the coffee's good too - nice and strong. The dinner menu has some great options.  They also have a wide range of desserts if you just want to get dessert & coffee.
I was there a few weeks ago. Monday morning brunch!! Yeah!! The food is great . There specials change daily. I never had a bad meal. From what I heard they have great crab cakes but I have never tried them. In fact every time I go there I try something different. The parking around there is very bad. It is on a residential street. But it is well worth the hassle of finding a parking spot to try the Hinge. The staff is very friendly. It's a very cool place to go if your are in Port Richmond section of Philadelphia .
Update: This weekend I got the pumpkin French toast with pecan butter and it literally left me speechless. I was having a hard time deciding between that, the apple crumb French toast, and the Snickers pancakes, but I am confident I made the best choice. It is, afterall, the season of the pumpkin.

My friend got the garden omelette and I think it weighed around 7 pounds. It was *gigantic.*

I'm already thinking about what I'm going to get next time........
Why didn't know about this place sooner?  There aren't any good brunch spots in the NE so I yelped to find this hidden gem on a Sunday at 1pm and glad to walk right into an available table for 2!  I ordered the breakfast combo which came with 2 eggs, side of french toast or pancakes ( i ordered french toast with bananas) and breakfast potatoes with a side of turkey bacon.  OMG, the best roasted potatoes I've ever had, it was so friggin flavorful I ate them piping hot!  the french toast was just perfect.  they served us two slices of challah french toast and i had to take the leftover one home to savor the rest of the deliciousness.  Coffee was good, my daughter was very happy with her scrambled eggs and french toast as well :)  

Only recommendation is to have crayon and coloring paper available for the impatient younger ones :)    I'll be back soon with my other half!
I rarely review restaurants but this time I feel it would be unfair if I did not. Probably my favorite brunch/breakfast Resturant ever. It's location makes it all the more intriguing. The atmosphere ,decor ,service and food all stellar. Time is taken to make quality food served at reasonable prices. We had "the Bennies" which are delicious. My husband had traditional(Canadian Bacon). I had with fresh spinach. My son had chocolate chip pancakes and my daughter had breakfast Quesadilla. 5 star..
Gotta go!
Hinge has a little bit of everything - coffee shop, brunch spot, casual restaurant, live music venue, and even space for groups.  If you don't mind the mixed signals, it's a pretty good spot for all these personalities.

The 'big' plates are very generous, and the even the small plates are filling.  The Italian specialties were decent - perogies, pizza, chicken parm.  Dessert was excellent - try one of the homemade cakes and pies.

One note though: the staff seems to be constantly jumping between roles or preparing for the next iteration, so be ready for a casual approach to service.

Port Richmond deserves a good neighborhood spot like Hinge. I will definitely go back to try the rest of the menu.
I'd accidentally driven past this place due to a road block and had been meaning to check it out for a while.

Finally got to do brunch there today and it was SO worth the wait.

Went out with my boyfriend and a mutual friend of ours and brought some beers. I had an omelet with buffalo mozzarella, bacon and spinach (came with a side of breakfast potatoes - best I've EVER had - and rye toast), boyfriend had a seasonal specialty, the pierogie omelet and friend had a monte cristo with a side of bacon. All of it was AMAZING. The omelets were enormous and filled with super fresh ingredients. 
Our waitress couldn't have been nicer and the food came out super quick. 
Despite having people waiting for seats, they didn't rush us to leave and were super gracious when we payed our check. 
My only regret was being so full, I couldn't order any of the delicious desserts they had. Another time then, because I will definitely be coming back.
I love being at the Hinge, i love the atompshere and i love how everyone who works there is always friendly.  Its not too expensive, I always eat there with one of my best friends and we usually go once a week, every month they change their menus which i think is creative. I know 2 people who currently work at the Hinge and one who is the Chef. My favorite dish i get there would have to be the Penne Vodka Pasta and the Chicken Paramaigna. I Lovee their Hot Chocolate and their Stawberry Lemonade. Their deserts are awesome as well including their Brownies and their Chocolate Cake.  I would reccomend anyone to try and eat there.
The Hinge makes me proud to be a Port Richmond kid.  Whenever I walk in here its like a grade school reunion. ..it really embodies the community feeling that I love about my 'hood.  I know im getting deep here,but I truly love it! Anyway I felt compelled to write an update after having one of the best breakfasts of my life, Brie stuffed French toast with apples, walnuts and craisins.  It was nothing short of a culinary masterpiece.  The cappuccino was the perfect addition to a perfect breakfast.  
In addition to amazing food, the ambiance can't be beat. Recently I went to a rehearsal dinner in the little upstairs room they have, and it was beautifully decorated and perfect for the occasion.  I'd highly recommend Hinge for pretty much anything, but especially breakfast a d small gatherings.
Came here because someone had recommended the cinnamon bun pancakes and, MAN, were they worth it. This space looks tiny when you walk in, but they've got additional seating in another room that looks like it could accommodate a lot of people! We went at 10:30 on a Saturday and the place was packed with new people walking in the whole time that we were there. I would recommend making a reservation if you're going on the weekend. The hostess and waitress were both very nice. They wouldn't seat us until the whole party had arrived... thank goodness everyone was on time for once! So, to start, we had brought our own champagne because this place is BYOB and did mimosas. We each got the standard skillet and some version of the cinnamon bun pancakes (i.e. different quantities but we knew to get our own orders). It was a lot of food but it was pretty decently priced! Definitely, taste wise, worth it's price. Of the two things I ordered, I loved the cinnamon bun pancakes the most. It tastes like a cinnamon bun had been flattened into a pancake... just what you would think! It came with a cream cheese topping, which was good but it was very rich and too much came with single pancake so I had to move it to the side but no issues here. I would come here again just for those pancakes! I recommend!
This is a cute little corner cafe that gets pretty busy...so make your reservations! Took my husband here for fathers day and I loved it! Such great service and great food. I first had reservations for just my husband and I with our little baby, but then called the day before to change it to include 3 more people. They were very accepting of that and changed it with no problem. Morning of, my other three cancelled, so it was back to just my husband and I (withour little one) and they were so nice about it!! Most places would roll their eyes while rearranging the table, but not here!

Onto the food... I ordered banana fosters french toast and my husband ordered this really healthy meal (i forget the name, but it included yogurt, turkey bacon, egg whites, whole grain toast, and fruit). I didn't try his so I can't comment on that, but my french toast was heaven! It was the right amount of sweetness and topped with lots of bananas. It was also a very large portion too. Mmm, so good. I finished every bite. I ordered eggs and potatoes with it too. Eggs were your normal over easy, but the potatos were great! Lightly salted and flavorful.

I definately want to come back for their dinner menu! See you soon Hinge Cafe!!!
This is pretty much my favorite breakfast spot around me. My only complaint is it's hard to get in there if you aren't early. That's because it's great!

Good service, great food. I had cheesecake pancakes there once that left an impression on me that i will Live with for the rest of my life. 

My mother and her husband are coming down for breakfast over the weekend. They never make it down here so I want to take them to an extra special place. I'm taking them here.
Such amazing food!! All 3 of us got a special and everything was great! The real standout was the mushroom truffle scramble. Fantastic food and service!
My wife and I had a small wedding in November of 2011 and we needed a place for our post-wedding party/reception with great food, great atmosphere and a small, private room that would comfortably seat 7 people. Not only did The Hinge exceed our expectations with a romantic, fall ambiance in their room upstairs - but their service was incomparable to any other dining experience. The server in charge of the reception, Chris, was informative, genial and downright genuine. One of our guests was in a wheelchair (something we were unaware that would be occurring) and he didn't fret to assist her in anything she needed - including the task of carrying her wheelchair upstairs. The Hinge went above and beyond what we thought they would do with excellent meal choices, timely and helpful and personal service and the understanding that this would be a moment etched in the minds of my wife and my family and loved ones for a long time. The musical selection played upstairs was great, they set everything (the wedding cake, the reception favors, the seating) in a perfect way. We not only highly recommend The Hinge for small wedding parties or gatherings in their upstairs room, but we'll be coming back for lunch or dinner very soon. Thank you Chris and the Hinge Staff and Simone for great planning, a great reception and great memories!
I have been here many, many times and the food is always consistently good and predictable.

Today was a special day, literally. 

I ordered the Duck Benny(a Special) because I love duck and I love Benedict's.  Lately I wouldn't order a Benny because of the bread used but this Benny was special because croissants were being used instead of the typical English muffins.

The duck breast was cooked perfectly with a nice fat to meat ratio making for a very duhlicious tenderness that went perfectly with the poached eggs and buttery hollandaise sauce.

The breakfast potatoes were even better than usual and the one stack pancake endulgence was fluffy and moist like Gabriel Iglesias.

Special shout out to the coffee as well.
Excellent dark roast. Corsica perhaps?
I must ask.

Two thumbs up to Hinge for raising your breakfast game up another notch.

PS. Please make the Duck Benny a regular item on your menu right away and you'll earn an even more regular regular :)

Duhlicious
This is my first yelp review, been using it for a year or so to always find a pretty good meal so I figured it's time to chip in.  I have been to hinge cafe 3 times now, the first two times for lunch and now yesterday for breakfast, and it has been great every time.  For breakfast I went with the Super Spicy Burrito, eggs, chorizo sausage, pa blank peppers, corn (and I went with no black beans), and I ordered a sesame seed bagel, which, after the burrito came out, I knew I wasn't gonna need.  It was excellent, though I wouldn't call it super spicy, it had it's punch.  Burrito was perfectly put together, big enough to need a fork and knife but held together very well.  Side of salsa and sour cream made for a fantastic breakfast.  Wife had the challah French toast Bananas Foster, and I will be getting it the next time we go for breakfast.  It was like a candy breakfast, just delicious.  

Had the pulled pork sandwich for lunch previously, and although it could be on a stronger roll then the ciabatta, which didn't hold up well, I just pulled out my fork and finished it up that way.  Moist pork, nice taste to it, with some cheese, spinach, and roasted peppers.  Definitely worth a shot, and the French fries were excellent

Will definitely be back many times, so many more interesting menu items to choose from.  And the price seems about right for the quality of food
This neighborhood cafe may be hard to track down without a map, but it's worth the effort. Down the street from the infamous Taconelli's, Hinge is a breakfast and lunch spot only, closing by evening. 

I visited mid-afternoon on a weekday, and thought there was some kind of special event going on due to how many people there were. The large two-room dining areas are cozy and comfortable, with original art adorning the walls. A chalkboard full of specials garnered my attention and I never really made it to the menu. 

Being Fall, I ordered pumpkin pierogies. I'll admit, the 'rogies' part of the chalkboard was obscured initially, so I had pumpkin pie on my mind. If there's one thing that can compete with pumpkin pie, it's HInge's pumpkin pierogies. They were magical. Fried in butter, garnished with herbs, and laden with pie spices, my mouth savored every last bite.
Breakfast...is an awkward meal...and men are really weird. I mean like really super bizarre. Hinge Cafe is perfect for men and their idiosyncratic appetites (and for women and their more normal food cravings).

So I'm not a huge eggs, pancakes and sausage fan, and generally don't enjoy breakfast unless it's of the fruit/yogurt variety, but I'm not a man either. I have a peculiar affinity for oatmeal, and Hinge Cafe serves up a succulent bowl of the stuff, thick enough for Poppa Bear, studded with enough dried fruit for Mama bear, and sweet enough for on-a-diet Baby Bear. 

...back to the men thing. HInge cafe offers their full lunch menu for breakfast as well. This means your sweetheart or sonny boy or father dearest can order a giant tomato, basil, mozzarella panini without fret. 

...and he'll probably make you a little crazy too by ordering a bowl of the best turkey chili you've ever had...at 9:00 a.m. or any time of day, for that matter. Thick, spicy, hearty, warming, and full of beans, meat and whatever else goes in chili, this is the perfect side dish to his panini and your...oatmeal.
We brunched at Hinge Café on New Year's Day. It was great that they were open and we were able to call ahead to check on the wait time and put our name in for a table for four. I scored a parking space directly across the street, which is always a good start to a new year! We only waited about 5 minutes for our table. Business was brisk also.

As other Yelp reviewers have mentioned, the portion sizes are pretty large and everything did taste very fresh. The menu had a neighborhood diner feel and the staff was pleasant and attentive. We had pancakes, French toast, and Eggs Benedict. The only complaint was one person in our party abhors powdered sugar and they put that on her whole wheat and nut pancakes.  In the rare case powder sugar is not your thing, let them know when you order pancakes or French toast, as it will come with this. Hinge Café's brewed coffee from Greenstreet Coffee Roasters was excellent. 

We had a very nice brunch at Hinge Café and would definitely come back
You need to experience the Cinnabon pancakes at this place. They are heavy and sweet, but incredible (I recommend ordering one to share at a table).  I have been here for breakfast and lunch before. Both have great things to offer, I have tried their egg's Benedict, and their oyster Po-boy for lunch. Food is delicious and service is good with the perfect Philly neighborhood ambience at this cafe!
Recommended by friends who live in the neighborhood. We hear only good things. It's our first time here. The ambience is welcoming. The staff is friendly. The decorum is eclectic and tastefully chosen. They are taking reservations for Father's Day. That only has to mean they are popular for celebrations such as Father's Day. We are seated on the 2nd floor. It's quaint and a little quieter. I had "on the border" skillet dish. Hubby had the combo. Everything delicious!!!!
Great spot for breakfast/brunch!

Came here for a breakfast birthday with some friends today. Food was great! Service was amazing! The menu had a good variety to choose from. I ordered the potatoe skillet and my girlfriend got the peach french toast special to share. We were happy to hear that you can order a single french toast! 

The restaurant was also decently sized and cozy.
I have not been to Hinge Café for brunch, a mistake I will soon rectify, but was just in their upstairs space for a private party. A cute and cozy spot, the staff was very friendly and attentive, and the food was absolutely delicious! The bruschetta, pear walnut goat cheese and arugula salad, and chicken Marsala than I had for my entree were all fresh & filling - my happy tummy testifies to their culinary skills, and I'd recommend the upstairs (which I believe seats 24) for small parties. Can't wait to go back!
What happened? Hinge used to be one of my top 3 brunch places in Philly, but after my last visit, it has quickly dropped off my list completely.

I was really looking forward to eating at Hinge again after not visiting for almost 2 years because.. life. I went with my BF and sister. My BF had the On the Border Skillet. My sister & I each ordered a Chai Latte, and for our food order, we had the Lite Bite Lunch Plate, which gives you the option to pick 2 or 3 options which includes soup, sandwich, and salad.  I had half the Chipotle Chicken Panini and a Garden Salad. My sister had the House Soup and Chicken Club sandwich. We shared a side of Cinnamon Bun Pancakes. Sadly, neither of us enjoyed our meal. 

The Chai Latte was super foamy. At least half the mug was filled with foam, It tasted like a foamy milk latte with hardly any flavor. I didn't even taste the Chai at all. I was really disappointed in the Cinnamon Bun Pancakes. My BF & I had it plenty of times before. This time, it was different. The size was smaller, the texture was mushy, and it did not taste like how it used to. My Chipotle Chicken Panini was meh. It was a little dry and it lacked flavor. My sister did not enjoy her sandwich or her soup. The On the Border Skillet was really dry and... NOT in a skillet. There's a Breakfast Quesadilla on the menu for $9. It was essentially the same thing except you pay an extra $1 for the skillet in the name even though it wasn't in a skillet. Kind of sad & humorous if you ask me. It's either morale went down or everyone in that kitchen is new, maybe both? I don't know. 

The service dropped as well. Our server was impatient and made us feel rushed when ordering. She seemed like she hates her job and it shows when she interacts with guests. There was a big party across from us and I witnessed one of the servers asking when the rest of their party was arriving and they said soon as they are already on their way. The server made it clear that she was annoyed and said "I shouldn't have seated you since most of your party isn't here yet." I saw how appalled the guests were when she said that. Awkward...Definitely left a bad taste in their mouths. Overall, a very disappointing experience. Sadly, I won't be coming back.
Got take out breakfast during covid because we were desperately missing our mornings at Hinge. Ordered two breakfast skillets and a short stack of cinnamon bun pancakes, per usual. Our stomachs must not have been used to how big the skillets were, so we saved the pancakes for the next day... I've gotta say, they were just as good or maybe even better as leftovers! I literally licked the cream cheese icing/frosting/deliciousness from the container. Can't get enough of this stuff!!!
Do you ever frequent a place so often you forget you need to give them online props for their hard work? That place is Hinge for me. I've been coming to Hinge for many years; Hinge was even a small factor in my decision to purchase a home a few blocks away several years ago (I need delicious coffee and brunch in walkable distance to my house... duh). Hinge went through a rough patch about two years ago which caused me to take a hiatus from the place, however, since their reopening Hinge has been better than ever. Now on to the food...

Everything on the menu is delicious and they are extremely accomodating to special requests. My favorite breakfast is the lean mean pita platter with added mushrooms, grilled chicken and a side salad instead of potatos (I dont know how "lean" it is but it sure is tasty). Any of Hinge's skillets come in at a close second.  I'm not a huge sweets person but every bite I have taken from a friends order of pancakes or french toast has been beyond decadent. Overall I find that the food contains quality ingredients that are cooked well and presented in huge portions. Iced coffee here is great and I drink it by the vat.

Thanks for your great work Hinge!

PS- BRING BACK DINNER EVERY WEEKEND PLEASE!
I was hungry... REALLY hungry... this past Saturday for good brunch food- and I couldn't have been happier to saunter into the Hinge Cafe.

First impression- COOL!  The art on the walls could have kept me entertained for hours- lots going on (and all for sale).  I loved the vibe of the place.  It was cool, comfortable, and not particularly portentous.  Just good food- who can't get down with that?

We walked in and sat right down- which is an amazing thing on a Saturday morning at a place that has a reputation for being busy.  We had a great little table off to the side.  Our waitress brought us water immediately (i think she could read my rosy cheeks and knew not to spare a minute!), and then took our coffee/tea order.  My boyfriend went for a vanilla latte and it was delicious!  I went for an iced tea that was strong, tasty, and came with a big ol' slice of lemon.  When I got a lemon seed implanted in my straw, my waitress laughed at the ridiculousness of the situation, and hooked a sister up w a new straw :-).

For breakfast I ordered the skillet which came with 2 eggs my way (over easy) perched atop sauteed onions and green peppers, roasted potatoes and an abundance of cheddar cheese with 2 pieces of rye toast.  Everything was even more delicious than it looked.  Some of the potato slices were kinda on the huge side, but it sure didn't stop me from eating just about the whole thing... which from a volume perspective is asinine.  

My boyfriend had something (I was too busy chowing down to notice) that he enjoyed- i noted scrapple- 2 pieces cut thin cooked super-crispy.  I'm a vegetarian- but I haven't always been this way... and when I ate scrapple, i preferred it cooked this way, but noticed it wasn't the norm.  He seemed pleased as well.  Finally, his pancakes.  OMG- perfection.  The buttermilk, the syrup, the fluffiness and the flavor- a vivid positive memory in my pancake history which is a very rich history I assure you.  I was stuffed, but I couldn't stop eating.  They were too good.

Check was reasonable- under $30 including tip which was really awesome considering our fancy coffees and the sheer volume of food.

We left Hinge Cafe, went home, and took a nap... one of those beautiful summer-day naps with the warm breeze and the windows open.  Happiness thru and thru.
WOWIE ZOWIE
where the hell did this place come from?!

Tucked deep in port richmond, where many of you would probably not care to trek to is the best little brunch spot that i've found in a long long time. decided to go here after doing a quick yelp search on my phone for nearby brunch (i was in kensington). this was high up on the list of nearby spots so we decided "why not try something new!" and got in the car.

This place is warm and welcoming. Definitely a locals sort of joint. Clean and cutely decorated. The servers were a bunch of sweethearts. It reminded me a bit of Ida Mae's but much, much better.  The menu was full of mouthwatering sounding things. As I perused it, we got piping hot coffee and ordered. I decided on getting one of the specials...gingerbread pancakes (tis the season!) and a side of one egg. my brunch companion ordered the vegetarian breakfast burrito. Our food was out pretty quick, but as we waited I kept seeing all of the food being brought out to the other tables and my oh my, the stuff looked glorious. I was getting really excited for my food. When it arrived at our table, I dug in! The short stack was REALLY short (two thin pancakes, and one was smaller than the other..much smaller) but still so festive and delicious tasting I didn't mind. My egg came with a couple slices of banana on the side. I tasted a bit of the breakfast burrito, too. It had potato chunks and perfectly cooked pepper and onion.

When we were done eating, our empty plates were promptly whisked away, and our coffee was topped off with the bill. We were allowed to sit without feeling rushed while we finished our last cup. Everything about my experience here was perfect. I can't wait to return!
Great Coffee, eclectic & gourmet selection of lunch, breakfast menu items. The food is legit. MMMMM

Never a wait, quick service. Go here for a change of pace from the usual Sabrina's, Honey's.
The Benny was really delicious. I wasn't too impressed with their menu though. It seemed pretty repetitious. I had a couple bites of the steak and eggs platter they were offering as well. The steak was good but nothing to write home about.
I drove two hours from New York to come to Hinge! Okay, granted it was to meet up with some friends in Philly who I haven't seen in a while, but what a good choice. I picked this place on a whim after searching Yelp looking for a place where parking would not be a hassle and transit would be easy (it's right off I-95). I didn't expect excellent service, gracious hosts, and the fluffiest french toast I have ever had. 

The restaurant is on the corner of a bunch of row houses. Driving through, you would hardly expect there to be a cute brunch place in the neighborhood. Walk in and you'll be pleasantly surprised with a bright and cozy room that looks like it could be your living room. Coffee comes quickly and is nice and strong. 

In terms of the food, there's a large selection of omelettes (either with predetermined combinations or make-your-own), skillet bakes, eggs benedicts, and pancakes/french toast. I got the Luigi omelette (italian sausage, provolone, peppers and onions): a perfect ratio of egg to filling with the egg very nice and fluffy. The plate was huge and I took half of it home to eat for lunch the next day. The home run, though, was my friend's pumpkin french toast, which was made with real challah bread, sliced thick and extremely moist and fluffly. The mountain of whipped cream on top helped too. 

The waitress was very accommodating as she let us sit there for 3 hours while we yapped away and kept on offering to refill our coffee and get us drinks. All in all, worth the drive down the turnpike... Didn't think I could find a brunch spot so good in Philly.
This is the first five star review I've ever given. I'm admittedly pretty picky, and I always think the experience could be improved even if only slightly. On this visit though, absolutely everything was exactly right. Service was great, very attentive. The food was out of this world good. I had the loafer scramble, and it was the best meatloaf I have ever tasted. My husband had a green chili chicken dish with sunny side up eggs and he loved his dish as well. This definitely becomes our go to restaurant in this area.
I went on a Sunday around noon and we had to wait 15mins for 2ppl, which is not so bad for a brunch place! I was very excited to try this "hidden gem" and was studying the menu with my friend as we waited. The selection of menu isn't that long, so you like it more if you like the concise ones. Once we got seated, we found the specialty menu at our tables and got more excited to see more options. I decided to go for the Combo platter which includes the short stack of  French toast (can choose to get the pancakes instead as well) , potatoes and eggs. My friend went w/ the The Bennys which is what Hinge calls their eggs benedict. The bottomless black coffee at Hinge is really great- not too dark for those who don't like bold, but not too mild either for those who don't like watery coffee. When our food came out, I got really excited to see the pretty platings and decent portions.

The french toast looked really fresh and a short stack was two full slices of french toast (the full stack is probably 4 slices). This w/ 2 sides was the perfect portion for a petite girl to feel really full. The potatoes were cooked really nicely w/ a good crunch and crispy edges, however, they were very greasy so I was disappointed in that. The Bennys was overall 3stars as well because the ham was pretty salty. The poached eggs balanced out  the saltiness a little which made it better.

The service was great, very polite and quick servers. Clean and cute decor makes the place feel homey. Hinge cafe is good but I wasn't sure why it is called the "hidden gem". I would come back if a friend wanted to try it out, but I would not crave anything that'd make me come back on my own.
OH nom nom! The food here was delicious. First time today with my husband and 3 year old and i really enjoyed my "Super spicy burrito". My husband loved his monte cristo and of course my 3 year old loved her eggs and sausage. I only have two complaints. Reading reviews on yelp is what got us here, I read that it was family friendly but did not feel like it was kid friendly at all, i for sure worried about my childs  voice the whole time there.
 Also, The breakfast burrito, which it was indeed wonderful, i feel everything should have been mixed better. half of the burrito was the egg, chorizo and bean mixture, and the other half of the burrito was peppers and eggs. Very odd for sure.. But delicious regardless.
I will be back here for sure though, sans children, just to try more delicious food!
Port Richmond and I have a long, funny relationship. We like each other, but we're also quite aware of the other's limitations. While you may be de rigeur for cheap warehouse space, freshly made pierogies, and swarms of rowdy polish teenagers, you are not quite a destination spot for fantastic food.

Hinge Cafe practically spits in the face of that last statement.

I have been many times - Father's Day brunch, last minute breakfast, weekday morning bagel & coffee - and every time, Hinge delivers.

The space: Cool, low-key, relaxed, lovely. You feel like you're eating at somebody's house. Somebody's really nice house. 
The noise level: Even when it's packed to the gills, I NEVER have to yell so my friends can hear me.
The food: Breakfast Bruschetta is PHENOMENAL. The Salmon Benny is revelatory, the roasted potatoes are seriously addictive, the coffee is delicious, the Monte Cristo, sinfully decadent with its ham and melted cheese, gooses you on the way down thanks to the addition of raspberry preserves. Yum. 
The service: Fantastic. Attentive, friendly, no ass-kissing, no pandering, no ignoring. Nobody is better than anybody at Hinge. Everybody's family.

The price is right, and If you have ever sat outside of another more-popular brunch spot in Fishtown or Northern Liberties for 20, 30 minutes before you were seated, you owe yourself a trip to the next neighborhood north for a fantastic meal with no wait. Not even on Sunday. At 11 AM. 

Come to think of it - I'm glad nobody really knows about Hinge. Stay away, bastards. It's mine.
I may be completely biased because I work here, but I'll just say it means I get to taste lots of the menu and am a very thorough critic of this place!

The Hinge Cafe is comfort food through and through, big warm portions of gooey eggs and hot coffee will definitely keep you happy through the whole day. I've had quite a bit of the menu but my recommendations include:

1) Anything grits! Buttery, salty, and peppery, oh my!
2) Anything pancakes: fluffy and usually are transformed into some delicious special (i.e. lemon ricotta pancakes right now)
3) The ceasar dressing: this is clearly homemade dressing. The flavor is amazing and it's a creamy ceasar, which is my favorite
4) The chipotle mayo: I have so many people ask for a side of this because it is simply divine!!
5) The breakfast burritos/quesadillas: you will have a second portion that you can eat for a snack/full meal depending on you!

All in all, the Hinge Cafe is cheap, run with pride, has great turn over with specials (weekday specials almost daily), and the food is amazing. There may be times where you'll have to wait on a weekend, but what's new? This is Philly and we get serious about brunch.
I loved this place after only one time of going there. My girlfriend Amanda C. had been trying to get our friends to venture to Port Richmond to go here for ages and I am SO glad we did.

The food is phenomenal, both the breakfast stuff and the lunch stuff. I got a veggie panini which I thought would be pretty standard but it was just great - the bread, vegetables, and condiments were spot on. My friends got breakfast dishes which looked great too, and everyone left really full.

Coffee is refilled practically the moment that it's empty. The wait staff is super nice. The decorations are really cute. Good mix of neighborhood people, families, and 20s and 30s types.

I understand it gets a little crowded on weekends, but I do not care at all.
I LOVE the Hinge and often go out of my way to visit.  The iced coffee in the summer is reason enough (and get something from the bakery.  You will never regret it).

I've only eaten dinner here once but I loved it.  The bowl of roasted brussel sprouts was hard to finish because the serving was huge!  My dining partner and I both got a bowl and couldn't even stop to take a breath.  We devoured them.  Perfectly pan-seared, not too oily, and just spicy and garlic-y enough without hitting you over the head.

The "Japanese Meatballs" or whatever it was called (the menu changes monthly) sounded risky but I went with it because they're vegetarian.  I was right to take the risk.  Imagine Japanese soul food... and you've got these.  They were everything you love about Japanese food, crammed into a ball, and lightly fried.  Served with cold soba noodles, I was in heaven.  My waitress provided some extra peanut sauce to dip the "meatballs" in and it was perfect.  My friend ordered some sort of fish dish and loved it, tho I don't recall the particulars.

Brunch, on the other hand, is something I frequently grab at the Hinge and LOVE.  The breakfast burrito will keep you full all day.  I don't have a single complaint or negative thing to say about the brunch here.

In short, go to the Hinge.  It's a BYOB with a diverse menu, friendly servers (one of them just won the annual  "Best Waitress in Port Richmond" prize according to the owner), and one hell of a brunch.
Hinge used to be one of my go-to brunch places. They had great food, good customer service, and parking around the neighborhood was easy to find. However, on my most recent visit, I found myself questioning this place. It could have been an off day, but everything was such a miss-- food and customer service. 

I came with a group of 5, which is a little large for such a small establishment. We tried to call several times houra beforehand to put in a reservation, but the phone kept going to an automated message and telling us to try again. With no luck, we decided to just go and try our luck. We found parking right away, but came in just after a couple of larger parties. We waited for our table with a couple of cups of coffee. 

By the time our table was ready, our cups were empty, but we were distracted by the menus. But our coffee was never filled until we prompted the waitress. Once filled, I had a steaming cup, whereas my friend had a lukewarm, almost cold cup of coffee. We brushed it off and just ordered our food. We noticed our waitress greet another table nearby and list off specials that were not written on the regular or specials menu. She had never recited them to us and they sounded more enticing than what we had actually ordered since the menu had changed since our last visit. The whole restaurant just seemed to be more chaotic and disorganized than ever before. 

Again, we had to prompt our waitress to fill our coffee for the second time, but it was almost already at the end of our meal. She had checked in with us once, but turned around before we had answered her and could ask her for something, which we then had to wait another 10 mins to grab her attention. 

As for the food, I have had way better from them and elsewhere. Everything we had ordered was really bland and underwhelming. The only people who enjoyed the food were my younger cousins who like anything sweet or with pancakes. 

I might come back again, but I am officially turned off and unimpressed. I am sad to have had such a bad experience when I have been 2-3 times before and enjoyed myself. Maybe I just need to find a new local favorite.
One of the River Wards' hidden secrets, the Hinge is a reliably great, quick brunch option in Port Richmond with hardly ever a wait.  Prices are reasonable as well!

My friends and I usually meet at this place at least once a month and are greated by friendly servers and quick coffee...as we all know that some coffee immediately served makes our friends more palatable.  

The menu specials never disappoint.  The portions sizes are very large...you will have enough leftover for your afternoon snack if you get an entree.  Just the perfect portion for breakfast that we've discovered is the breakfast egg sandwich on an English muffin.  It's about 50% larger and fluffier and 700% tastier than Dunkin' Donuts...served with a side fruit cup, it's pretty healthy and a nice brunch!

The pumpkin pancakes and the whole wheat pancakes are nothing to sneeze at.  The pumpkin pancakes aren't overly pumpkiny...just a nice hint.  The whole wheat ones will melt in your mouth.  The short stack is 3 dollar sized pancakes that could use a side...left me a little hungry at the end of the meal (or not stuffed...can't remember the difference anymore...oh sweet New Year's Resolution diet!!!).  

I ate dinner there once...and it was soooo delicious yet I forget they serve it.  I simply must get back there for that.  And one of these days, I'm going to try something in their dessert case.  Everything looks divine!!
Me and my girlfriend came  here for breakfast on a Tuesday morning, my girlfriend and I were seated instantly with no wait, our server was very nice and his extensive knowledge of the menu and food items was amazing! He talked us into the Challah French Toast which is amazing; a short stack will do just fine for any person, guaranteed leftovers! The food was amazing the potatoes, the eggs, and the turkey sausage. My girlfriend had the Challah French Toast with bananas and she thought they were amazing! The coffee was very good and freshly brewed. Lastly, the bathrooms were spotless and the decor was beautiful, like a small  up to date cafe. Our waiter made me a mocha walnut coffee to go which was bliss and bursting with flavor! I plan on coming back for breakfast again!
I haven't been in a while, but for some reason Hinge has been on my mind lately. Even though it's hot out, i am reminded of their delicious hot chocolate and the variety if breakfast options, all of which were delicious. I live the quaint feel of the place. The colorful decor and dining ware. There was one book that caught my eye as I waited to be seated and i remember taking pics of the pages (because the food came and I was more eager to eat than read lol). I think it's time to revisit and treat my tastebuds to something tasty and filling.
Went for a late breakfast during the week - not too busy, very friendly and attentive staff, very cute little corner cafe. Excellent specials - I had the chicken cordon bleu skillet and it was delicious and HUGE. I want to go back to try the chicken parm soup, which sounds delicious. highly recommend this place, wish I hadn't waited so long to try it!
This is a wonderful little spot tucked away from center city. In our neck of the woods, decent places to eat are few and far between (not counting you Memphis Tap). 

Ever since we moved into our house a few years ago this place was on my radar to try. I am totally not sure why it took us a while to get our bumms here but i am glad we did. 

We first did a family brunch (maybe for mom's birthday?). The brunch menu has something for everyone and we all love our meal. We started with a breakfast bruchetta to all share, which was plenty for the 6 of us. On the menu there were plenty of creative and plenty of "safe" offerings - both sweet and savory choices. But the menu was not overwhelming. The coffee was excellent and since we BYO'd it (champagne) they brought out a carafe of OJ for us - Maybe two (hey, we like to drink) 

The hubby and I returned a while later for dinner, which was also very enjoyable. And we have been back a few times since and have yet to be disappointed! 

A few tips: 
Breakfast is available for takeout too. 
Can we say fireplace (working!)\ 
Nice staff. 
Cozy, warm atmosphere. 
Parking CAN be tricky, but its not too bad. 
Local art is displayed proudly. 
I found the portions to be huge.
As soon as I stepped through the door, I immediately sensed the family-friendly vibes--the cafe is a local neighborhood gem.  There is no pretension in ambiance or menu.  I felt as if I had returned to my childhood hometown.  The cinnamon bun pancakes were divine, and I highly recommend a short (or full) stack with black coffee.  My server, Bridgette, was a delight and very considerate of my peculiar requests.  I'm definitely returning for pancakes and the all-American nostalgia.
Went for brunch on Saturday .  We arrived at 9:15, great time to go because there was no wait.  I would say around 9:45 onward people had to wait a few minutes for a  table, appeared to be less than 10-15 minute wait.  The food and service was excellent, nice menu choices and specials.  The breakfast and lunch menu is available all day.
I had the winter wonderland breakfast special, I think that was the name.. It included oatmeal, cranberry sausages, eggs & toast.  It was the best oatmeal I ever had, it had walnuts and something else in it, I didn't need to put any butter or sugar in it. The cranberry sausages was delicious, first time trying it and loved it!  My boyfriend had the Monte Cristo, he said it was good.  He preferred the Monte Cristo at Honey's because there came with eggs on it and thicker piece of ham but he stilled enjoyed the version of Monte Cristo. 
The service and good was excellent.  I like the intimate atmosphere!  I highly recommend this place.
So glad we stopped in this place, been by it so much but we never stopped. We went today for breakfast overall it was a good experience. 

Parking was good, found a spot next to the building. Service was good and the food was good. I'm glad we took cash, anything under $20.00 requires cash. We were sat right away and we pretty much knew what we were getting. I ordered 1 banana foster French toast, wow it was delicious! It was sweet, but very tasty, could have even been a dessert. My wife ordered the cinnamon bun oatmeal. She enjoyed it! It's not something I would eat. Together we split the garden omelet with potatoes and pork roll. The servings are quite large. The omelette was stuffed with perfectly cooked fresh veggies, the potatoes were cooked nice but there were only a few. The pork roll was cooked just the way we like. Our daughter ate 1 of the cinnamon bun pancakes, she loved it! 

Overall this was a good experience, we will definitely go back.  The prices were great and no complaints about the food, with the exception of the sweetness. The menu specials are nice as well. They do offer a kids menu for breakfast, but nothing for lunch. Solid 4 stars, we will be back again.
Hinge Cafe is a hidden gem in Port Richmond. Perfect brunch or breakfast spot especially after a church service on a Sunday. They close around 3:00 pm, but they are worth making sure to get there before they close! The ambiance has a vintage look and surprisingly there is a whole other room on the other side that accommodates larger parties than 4 people. They hang up local artwork which is kind of cool. The food is impeccable! I got a savory meal, which was the breakfast quesadilla with extra eggs and shared it with my friend, while she ordered the sweet which was the banana challah bread French toast. It was one of the best breakfast/Brunch meals I have had in a while. Definitely recommend this spot hands down for the food alone, but the staff was so polite and they didn't rush us out even though they were in the process of closing up for the day. The prices are also very reasonable and you get great portion sizes for what you pay for.
Came here on an early morning date. I would have never stumbled arcoss this llace on my own no matter how hard i tried if he didn't live in the area.

It is very small, and quaint. The menu was just ok in my opinion. Nothing super extravagant.

I appreciated the turkey and chicken meat opions. I basically had fruit and yogurt, i kept it simple.

The waitress was very attentive. I will probably be back, because he loves this place.
This cafe is a true highlight of Port Richmond. We stopped in for brunch, and it immediately has this welcoming vibe - very quaint and cozy. They have a great menu, there are is nice variety of options but it isn't too big to where you can't make up your mind. Really affordable, and a great place for a date or to bring your family.

The food itself was pretty standard...it was good, but no jaw dropping moments. 

Definitely would recommend this spot if in the area.
Cinnamon Bun Pancakes. That is all.

JK, but seriously... those things should be illegal. The crispy consistency on the outside and buttery soft inside with creamy icing on top--I would go back just for those!

The missing star is for the lack of service that we received for the first 15-20 minutes after being seated. They were busy (Sat afternoon) so perhaps the waitress was not alerted to being assigned to us, but we eventually had to flag one down in desperation. She was apologetic and continued to be an attentive server for the rest of our meal.

I had the On The Border Skillet which (unlike most skillets) was not served on a bed of potatoes but on quesadillas! The chunks of chorizo were a bit dry but all the other flavors played well with each other. My counterpart ordered the breakfast burrito w/sausage and there were no complaints. Portions are huge so I'd consider splitting an entree next time.

Overall, a quality meal in a quaint setting. Short wait (10 min) for prime brunch hour. Would definitely give it another shot!
Pleasantly surprised. Held my daughters communion party upstairs and had a great experience. Staff was very friendly and food was great! Our guests had a choice of 3 meals and they were all fantastic. I highly recommend here for any party suitable for 20-30 people. Also have had the breakfast here and is great as well. Thank you ladies for making our girls' day special!
Came here on New Year's Day for brunch. It was nice that they were open and we were even able to call ahead and put our name in. There were only 2 of us. When we arrived we still had to wait a little which is understandable but it was only 15 mins or so. 

My only complaint is about the service. I was craving a latte but before we could even sit down our waitress asked "coffees?" And before I could answer "yes,a latte" she was already gone to grab is two regular coffees. Our food didn't take long to come out but after we were done our waitress disappeared my friend wanted some jam for her toast but there was so waitress in site for minutes to the point that she didn't want it any more. 

As far as the food goes you get a lot for your money and everything tastes fresh. Living in Fishtown it's always nice to find a cafe with a large menu and decent prices close to home. For 2 our check came to $24. I almost thought it was a mistake! 

I'm interested to try again on a less crowded day. I really enjoyed Hinge Cafe.
Went for breakfast, Cinnabon pancakes were great, bagel was good my GF's super spicy burrito was good but not spicy.  Cool joint and good service.  One complaint, the bacon was awful. Hard to make bad bacon but it was rubbery and absolutely no taste. Upsetting but all in all good food and will be back
I am late to the Hinge party, but I've come here for breakfast/brunch the last two Saturdays and plan to continue doing that for the forseeable future. The coffee is so, so good, the staff is friendly even though they are super busy, and the food, whether creative or standard, is perfectly cooked. 

I am especially picky about eggs, and I've ordered them over medium and scrambled and both were amazing. The scrambled was actually more like a lovely omelette. 

It's plenty of food; I've taken a box lunch home both times. 

Other highlights: the challah french toast and the breakfast potatoes.

It's cozy without being claustrophobia-inducing,  and there's a nice mix of patrons - lots of colors of people, and a range in ages from babies to seniors. Everybody gets the same quick, friendly service, and if you have to wait for a table you can order your coffee to sip while you're waiting. I can't believe it took me so long to finally come here!
This was absolutely delicious.

We had the Irish Benny and the skillet and both were phenomenal. The hollandaise sauce was a perfect combination of savory and sweet and the eggs were well poached. The potatoes were flavorful. The French toast was thick and chewy and not too sweet. The decor was also welcoming and unique and service was quick and warm. All in all a great experience and we would definitely come back.
Awesome breakfast I we had at Hinge Cafe.  I ordered the spicy burrito and the wife got the multi grain pancakes with blueberries bananas and chocolate chips.  Amazing and right here in Fishtown.
The two stars is for the food only. Portions are big and food was decent. In terms of service, I'd give it 0 stars. The food came out slow. Restaurant wasn't the cleanest. We had empty water glasses and no one came to fill them up. When the waitress came, she filled up one glass and walked away swiftly without making eye contact. After we paid, we walked by all the waitresses congregating by the counter counting their tips, and not one person thanked us for the patronage. If you like mediocre food and horrible service then this is the place.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city, very fortunate to live so close! Hinge always has different specials, and they're very creative.  Most of the plates are fairly simple but great combinations of ingredients and very flavorful, the service is great as is the coffees, the prices are reasonable, and the atmosphere is very fun and relaxed and well designed.  I've been here several times with different people and everyone is always impressed and leaves happy

The breakfasts are all good, one of my favorite things was only on the menu but would get it again if I saw it--beet risotto with scallops, it's also nice  they serve sriracha sauce and ketchup with everything :)
Omg...I took my husband here for Father's Day breakfast. I was unaware that I needed to make a reservation but we were seated pretty fast even with other people arriving with reservations. My husband got a Benny (eggs Benedict over fresh crab cakes that sat on English muffins with a side of home fires) and Apple crumble French toast. I only had a piece of his food but oh my word it was awesome. I had a breakfast skillet with scrapple which was awesome as well. Wonderful ambiance wonderful staff. I'm going again for sure.
I recently moved a couple of blocks away from Hinge and it is my absolute favorite spot for brunch. It is absolutely adorable. The staff is always friendly and I have yet to have anything less than a wonderful, fresh and tasty meal here after trying about ten or so menu items. 

The cinnamon bun french toast is a favorite, as is the chocolate covered banana latte special they had last time I was in. My boyfriend loves the meatball skillet, and we both love all of the options they have for breakfast sides (it can be hard to find turkey bacon out). Lunch has also been stellar. They have this great panini with chicken, basil, tomato and balsamic.
I know that if I'm going to update my review, I should do it because my opinion changed, but GUESS WHAT? I still think this place is the best, I just have more reasons to think so now. 

I've gone to the Hinge for years for the best (THE BEST) brunch in Philadelphia. I rarely wait for a table, or coffee, the waitresses are awesome, and the food is top-notch. In 5+ years, I've had one less-than-awesome experience, and it wasn't even worth mentioning.

Last night I came to love the Hinge in a whole new way. We planned a party for my parents' 60th birthdays and the Hinge made the whole experience fantastic. Simone was super responsive over email, and helped me plan a great menu AND stay within my budget. On the night of, I hooked up my playlist, set out flower arrangements, and welcomed my folks into their favorite brunch place, which was now our private party space! My entire family was so impressed with the decor and the service. Our waitress Jill paid very close attention to everyone's orders for food & drink. After we sang and blew out candles (that Jill brought out because I forgot them!) they took the cake back and portioned it out into individual slices, half on plates and half to go! Everyone ate their faces off AND took goodie bags home. 

The hardest part of this entire experience was keeping the secret from my parents. The staff @ the Hinge made everything so easy! I can't thank them enough for taking a lot of stress off my shoulders so I could enjoy the party with my family! If you are looking for a cozy, comfortable space for a party, where you can play your own music, get served amazing food, and enjoy stellar service from awesome people, my recommendation is to get on the horn with Simone and reserve the date NOW! You won't be sorry.
I have been here a few times for breakfast and loved it every time! The service is quick. The food is delicious - bananas foster, on the border skillet, and breakfast skillet and their lattes are amazing! My husband tells everybody to try their Irish Potato Latte - it was a special drink they had in March but they will still make it for him. I tell everybody that they have to go check this place out! We will be back!
And so my wife and I recently planned an event with Simone, Linda, and Mark from Hinge.

How we came to work with Hinge was that my wife spoke with Simone, and found her to be very flexible and down to earth. Little did we know that she was also immensely intuitive AND creative. 

My wife and I left much of the menu for our event to Simone & Mark's discretion -- and I must say, even now days later people are STILL talking about how much they enjoyed the spread that Hinge put together. My big take away from the food they prepared: in my 28 years of existence, I've never (seriously, never) had a better pasta salad than the one they made. My wife loved their Greek salad and the breads they brought too. 

And again speaking of Simone & Linda's creativity and talent, the room that we hosted our event in was more or less unrecognizable -- its ambience had been utterly transformed -- vastly upgraded by the touches they and their staff added.

I would recommend anyone in working with them to definitely leave room for their creative zest. Finally, their support staff were INCREDIBLY nice -- all of them had big smiles, and offered to help in any way they could. 

They made our event a true knock out.
The food is incredible and very reasonable. I had the special romaine chopped salad with chicken. The sun dried tomato dressing was amazing!! Also the chicken was cooked perfectly and I am very picky about chicken.
Stopped by on a Tuesday morning with my daughter. I had the burrito special, which was very large and contained scrambled eggs, cheese, green peppers, onions and potatoes. It arrived with sour cream and salsa, and was one of the specials so it included coffee and was $7. My daughter had an omelette which arrived with perfectly roasted red skinned potatoes. Yummy! They had about 8 specials at $7 or less, as well as creative daily specials (honey walnut pancakes) and the regular menu. We had a delicious breakfast for $15. Excellent coffee. There is a $30 minimum to use a credit card, but they do have an ATM machine inside. The desserts in the case looked delicious. Lots of art for sale on the walls.
Went in for lunch/brunch on Saturday to find it surprisingly not very crowded for 12pm. That's super duper rare for a place with such high ratings! Dope.

Ok. True, the staff are all neighborhood locals who are very amiable and that's definitely one of things this cafe has going for itself. However everything else was just normal okay, not very inventive, or particularly tasty. We ordered a quesadilla and the mozzarella and tomato panini with chicken. Food took 30-40 minutes to come which was odd since there were only about 20 customers tops in the restaurant. Unlimited ice coffee refills kept me content. Then when the food did come out they neglected to put in the veggies in the quesadilla so the waitress came in and put them in on the side. Made me giggle. My panini must have been made first and was waiting on the quesadilla because it was so super soggy. 

If I lived in the neighborhood I would have no problem frequenting this place, but not worth going out of your way to come here. Rare that I disagree with the majority, so I'll have to come back and try again!
There is a reason there are so many positive reviews, so stop reading and just go. LOL But if you want more details...

Eight of us celebrated a friend's birthday and she could not have found a better venue. Charming with a separate area for large groups, free parking, cost conscious, delicious fare (I had turkey chili!) and BYOB where they opened your bottles (we had a few!).

EVERYONE enjoyed their meal and it was cooked to order (very important for the birthday girl to have a light and fluffy omelette).

We were serenaded by Mr. Piano Man "Tommy" (loved him!) including a Happy Birthday tune. An extra bonus was the owner/chef Simone was also present and came out per our request (did I say the food was awesome?). Linda our server was efficient and very nice. Could we have wished for more? Bigger stomachs. LOL I guess we must just go again...soon.
Group Fun at the Hinge!
I organize a group of foodies and the Hinge agreed to host our beer tasting event.  The chef offered a 4 course meal, with delicious offerings like hinge-made pirogies, lollipop lambchops, beef bruchetta and (my fave) a great sampling of three desserts.. to name a few items that still get me hungry at the slightest thought back.   The food, service and atmosphere were perfect! I highly recommend the Hinge for anyone wanting a great spot for a group!  Ive been a big fan, for years, of the downstairs cafe but the upstairs was very nicely finished and appropriate for both formal or casual occasions.

Feel free to see my extended review of the menu at: http://foodie-group.blogspot.com/2011/02/foodie-event-15-tasting-menu-beer.html
Hinge offers a satisfying mix of adventurous hipsters from the neighboring hoods and a healthy dosing of Port Richmond's finest.  I kid, but it seems to be a spot at an interesting cross roads.  Having lived in Port Richmond since 2008, I've seen the crowd slowly change over time and the place get more and more popular.  While the lunch is delicious, this is really a nice go-to spot for breakfast in the neighborhood.  Great pancakes, great omlettes, excellent bacon.  The service is friendly but not overbearing.  

Much to my surprise, if you show up after 10 or so on the weekend, be prepared to wait!  

Parking wise, there is plenty of street parking.
if more stars were an option, i would rate hinge higher.

picture it: 

port richmond, wednesday, late into the afternoon, and needing a cake for the girlfriend's birthday by friday evening.

entered "birthday cake" into yelp's "search for" section, then proceeded to call every available bakery for the next several hours. hinge is number 50.

after calling dozens of bakeries, i learned that some places were either closed by 5p (which is interesting to note) or had closed entirely (which is entirely sad to know), or, simply could not manage a cake with only two-days notice; fair enough on all accounts. by this point it was 8:30p, and it felt like my hand was going to fall off.

and then there was hinge. 

i spoke with a super friendly server who immediately put T (not sure if its an initial-only deal so we'll just go with that), the head dining and pastry chef, on the phone. we decided to meet in person, it honestly could not have been a more pleasant experience.

T was so receptive to what i wanted. she didn't talk over me, question the flavors i had chosen, or show fear in the face of a two day deadline (primary responses from the calls that afternoon to appr. 30 other bakeries). 

the result was.. amazing. remarkable. truly inspiring. she created exactly the flavor combination i was seeking: a summery blend of lemon, coconut and fresh strawberry. 

one layer of frosting consisted of their limoncello cream and another of delicious coconut. strewn atop were perfectly ripened strawberries and edible white chocolate leaves (some colored green, how cute!) for decoration. the cake itself was a delightfully dense, moist cake with loads of flavor, coupled with a pretty red/orange icing for the inscription. T, hinge, and the cake not only met my expectations, but sincerely exceeded them.

this cake was full of delectable, discernable flavors that felt light on the tongue and yet full in the mouth. i have now put hinge on retainer for all my celebratory cake needs. 

speaking of which, my mother's birthday is in a week and a half and i'm seriously putting my order in monday.
On a bike ride through the area last weekend looking for new places for breakfast, we decided to stop in and give Hinge a try.  Though the restaurant was busy with weekend brunchers, we were quickly seated and offered water and drinks.

We started with some coffee and tea as we looked over the menu.  As we looked up from our menus, we also noticed how much fun this place is for people watching!  We loved the atmosphere.  The Huevos Rancheros were excellent.  Served on tortilla chips, the balance of black beans, runny eggs and cheese melting over them was perfect.  My wife had the two-egg special.  They were perfectly cooked and served with home potatoes and bread.

We liked the friendly and efficient service too.  I can't wait to go back for a stab at the lunch menu.  There are lots of interesting selections on both the brunch and lunch menus that I am sure will add stars to my reviews for Hinge.

Keep up the great work!
The boy and I have been looking for a new breakfast spot, and having lived only a few blocks from this place for YEARS, we began to kick ourselves for never trying Hinge out.

And ohmygod. The place is adorable. The service was super fast and friendly. And the food? We were those people walking out the door, passing by customers waiting for a table, proclaiming "That was awesome! Holy crap!"

The boy got the Italian skillet with andouille sausage, broccoli rabe, and potatoes. He's got a crazy appetite but announced mid meal "I think this is going to be the first dish I actually can't finish." What he couldn't eat he excitedly packed away in a to go box. I had the two bennies. It was cooked perfectly. Flavor in every bite. I'm the opposite, notorious for never finishing a meal. Well, yesterday morning I actually finished my entire plate.

Long story short. It was awesome and we'll be back.
(4) ~ very good overall food & service.  Street parking available (2) blocks away.  No reservations, but you can call ahead to get on the waiting list.

DRINKS:
** Coffee(bottomless) = (4) very good
* Hot Chocolate = (3.5) good & big
* Orange Juice = (3.5) good
* Water(tap) = (3.5) good

FOOD:
** Breakfast Skillet w. Bacon & Avocado = (4.5) Very Good!
** Cinnamon Bun Pancakes = (4.25) Very good
My dad has been telling me for months to come to this cafe and my boyfriend and I finally got the chance to go and oh my goodness what is there not to like about this place!? There's an outdoor area so we can bring our pup next time, the staff was super friendly and accommodating (my boyfriend is allergic to dairy and no other breakfast place near us will make French toast without milk for him) Hinge made it happen- no questions asked. If you haven't checked out this adorable gem, GET ON IT! The food portions are also enormous which is awesome! Can't wait to go back!
The food was good, the service all right, and although out of their control the group of people at the next table were snooty and giving us bad looks. Why? Idk. We were 4 adults and 2 children (6 and 2) who were very well behaved and calmly interacting with us adults. 

Anyway, back to review the restaurant. 
When we arrived, the women at the front warmly welcomed us. 

We waited for about 5 minutes and were seated in the back where they could accommodate our party group. 

Drink orders were taken and delivered shortly thereafter. 

Food orders were taken, and brought out within a decent waiting time. 

The food itself was okay. The hubs got corned beef hash that tasted all right but better with hot sauce. I ordered the crab cake Benedict which was good but not the best that I've had. It, too, was more delicious with hot sauce. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food, but I believe the order was misplaced for the children where we thought we ordered a snack of pancakes for them to share but instead got 2 pancakes only. In any case, we figured it out and the children were fine. No reason to create a big deal...

Meals were consumed, bill was paid, and were politely greeted as we left and said "thank you."

All-in-all it was fine, nothing spectacular.
This place is amazing! All of their specials on the day we went sounded good but we got huevos Rancheros, which were very good. We also got the cinnamon bun pancakes and they are so delicious!! The prices were fair and the food was very good so we'll be back.
This place just feels like a secret. Who the hell lives here? 

I really recommend this to anyone who likes impressing their spatially challenged foodie friends with "secret" finds. 

Great pancakes/french toast. People love their caramel-anything. 

The potatoes...omg...the potatoes...omg...the potatoes. Get potatoes please. 

What the hell is with the lemonade too? It was a germ fest at my table because we could not stop sharing our friend's lemonade it was just out of this world. 

Go early though because they run out of pretty much everything quickly.
Pretty nice little spot in the cut. I'll probably be here pretty often since it's close to my venue. Seems like a space I can go and eat and not be bothered with all the "extra" stuff that can sometimes come with living in Philly. 

Food is good. Well, the meal I and my friend had. Also, the prices aren't bad at all. Service seems fine as well.
We went there as a group of 4 friends, looking for a spot to brunch at for our last day in Philadelphia.

While we were a bit late for the start of the brunch and hence were greeted with a pretty long waiting line, the wait (about 40 minutes) were absolutely worth it.

This place has an amazing selection of all the items you would expect from a brunch location - huevos rancheros, pancakes, toasts, omelets and burritos. We had a pretty varied sampling, but all of it was amazing, even the unlimited coffee.

Overall, this place is great for lunch and I would totally wait in line once again to get there. Good thing I don't live in Philly or this place would be really hard to resist...
Favorite brunch spot hands down. I feel like family when I walk in. The service is great, food is delish, great for kids, families, or just a day out on your own. The art display is beautiful. I usually order the french toast and one of their yummy fancy coffees. I just adore this place. It can get pretty busy so I try to get there as early as possible if its the weekend.
A wonderful 'mom&pop' stop. Breakfast was fast and inexpensive. Small dining establishment very cozy and comfortable. I would definitely recommend this restaurant. And I can wait to come back for lunch
Breakfast at Hinge is a steal if you happen not to work during the week and can get down there Monday-Friday. The top of the menu includes entree (such as pancakes or eggs/ bacon/ toast or a breakfast burrito, etc.) and coffee for around $5 or less. 

On the weekends expect to pay an average of $8-12 per person. This prices brunch at the top of the market in Port Richmond and even nearby Fishtown. 

The food *is* consistently good. And plentiful. The breakfast bruschetta, for example, could be halved and considered plenty for one person. My favorite weekend dish is the Southwestern Skillet with chorizo sausage, peppers, onion, and eggs. 

Relative to other bruncheries, the great thing about Hinge is the attentiveness and consideration of the wait staff. Even when the dining room is packed they are present without hovering and quick with refills.
