I must start by saying that I had no idea the mastermind, a fellow Philly native behind this cool, urban 100% plant- based, casual fast(er) food joint is also responsible for Charlie Was A Sinner, the uber hip, sexy vegan lounge and fine(r) dining joint, also in Philly. It all makes sense now! 

Hubs called in my order and stopped by on a weeknight for a to-go pickup from this, one of three locations in Philly when he was in this area. My order was ready promptly and exactly how he asked for it. 

Green smoothies, chick'n nuggets, chocolate milkshakes, oh my! I LOVE everything from here, but what has come to be my favorite menu item is the Jerk Chick'N Caesar...

Wow! It comes with plantain chips,  jicama, & creamy island spiced dressing. We opted to add avocado for $1 up-charge. This meal is one for the meat eaters. The chick'n is such a crazy real consistency!! What they achieve with this chick'n is unreal! It was perfectly blackened and spiced. It was full of a smoky flavor. The kind that hits you in the back of the throat...in a good way. The creamy tangy dressing was given generously and again, was so sinful tasting. The smoothness of the avocado balanced with the crisp chips and juicy jicama cubes just so perfectly! The salad was an outstanding blend of so many flavors and textures. One of my new favorite salads in the entire city! And it's only 350 calories!!! Winning! I. LOVE. THIS. SALAD!!!! You MUST try it!

This location is actually not my favorite as it seems to be quite crowded at prime times, but for a pick-up at an off time, it works just fine.
Tried it for the first time on a Saturday and was promptly back there two more times over the next five days. And I don't even live in the city!

I am so excited that there is an establishment in Philly that is a cross between In-N-Out and Bobby's Burger Palace for Vegans! But you really do not have to be Vegan to love the food.

Here's what I have tried so far:

Udon Noodle Salad: Classic tasty Asian salad with Vegan chicken. Really nice taste if a bit overdressed.

Curry Tofu Wrap: I had this for lunch the day after I bought it. Still was delicious. I'm surprised there was such a great Indian taste on this menu. 

Ziggy Burger: Get this! And order extra special sauce. My new favorite burger!

Crispy HipCity Ranch: Good Italian "chicken" sandwich. Not as awesome as the Ziggy.

Sweet Potato Fries with cilantro black bean dip: my new favorite Philly fries. Sorry European Republic! Still love you but this great dip is Vegan!

My wife and I have also had the chocolate chip cookies which are quite good.

One negative: they have no customer bathroom. According to the very friendly people at the counter it is because they are not zoned for one.

Philly's Veg/Vegan scene was struggling compared to New York's. Thank goodness HipCity Veg opened to help close the gap.
Hip City Veg- Rittenhouse Square! This is a must visit hip vegan cheesesteak restaurant. I can not visit Philly without having a plant based cheesesteak. I ordered my sandwich well done. The sautéed onions, mushrooms, The server suggested I try the turmeric tangerine drink. I must say everything was phenomenal.  The only thing I wish they had was French fries. I don't like sweet potato fries, and I didn't know where to go to get fries. But that was fine because my amazing sandwich was everything. 

My only regret was that I didn't buy two sandwiches. I live in the NYC metro area, and couldn't just go back the next day. If I lived nearby, this would be my weekly go to place. 

I want to thank the staff, and manager for an excellent experience. Could not have been better. So grateful this place exist for lovers of Philly cheese steaks but without harming animals or the environment.
Vegetarians of the World, HipCityVeg is a must try! Fast food for vegans/vegetarians is so hard to come by but HipCityVeg delivers with great execution. Every meal that I have had here has been flavorful and interesting. The focus here seems to be on alternative meats rather than the vegetables but the veggies and sauces do compliment well. There is very limited seating at this location but multiple times I have grabbed my food and ate in Rittenhouse park where there is ample seating.

Last night I got the the Curry Tofu wrap, which is a little greasy, but still delicious.  It's packed with curry covered tofu and fresh veggies. I also tried the green lemonade. To me, it tastes like regular lemonade and was very refreshing. My boyfriend a omnivore enjoyed the Udon Noodle salad. He said the fake chicken was pretty good. I also tried the sweet potato fries which were very crispy and tasted good with sriracha dip.

Can't wait to grab another meal here!
100% vegan fast food. Conveniently located in Center City, HipCityVeg offers a great variety of inexpensive sandwiches, wraps, salads, and drinks. West Coasters-this is the equivalent of Veggie Grill. Most of their menu items incorporate mock meat, but there are a few fully plant based options as well. Sides include mini salads and sweet potato fries. They also have milkshakes, banana whips, and a few types of lemonade to satisfy your sweet tooth. The girls working were all genuinely friendly and knowledgeable of the menu.

I got the Udon Noodle Salad, which was very good. The diced mock chicken was delicious. Pleasantly spicy and bursting with savory flavor, it enhanced every bite of the fresh arugula, daikon, sprouts, carrot, and scallion vegetable medley. The "Udon" noodles were not udon-more like straight ramen-and were slightly undercooked, but absorbed the other flavors of the salad nicely. The black bean dressing was too thin, but provided a bit of additional dimension. 

The Carrot Ginger Lemonade was tasty and not overly sweet, but just tasted like regular lemonade. Although slightly orange in color, it contained no ginger or carrot flavors whatsoever. I would come back here if I need a quick meal in this area.
Are you kidding me??? Do they ever get anything right? 85% of the time the order is ALWAYS wrong. Today, I'm in a hurry and of course my order is wrong again, then they LOSE the other half of my order! I ask them three times for my order and they're HIGHLY confused. Cut to 20 minutes later....still NO order! I have to SQUEEZE through about 20 people in their insanely tiny room to get to the front and ask for my cash refund. When they give it to me you would think there's an I'm sorry, right? NOPE! Nothing. No apology zip! 

I'm done with this atrocious place. Honestly, this is the WORST customer service and WORST restaurant I've ever been to! DONE!
Wow this place might be my next obsession. I've come to really enjoy the Vegan/Vegetarian options. So many people in the city have told me great things about this place.

Everything here is vegan friendly! We got the ziggy and smoked house burger, along with the pumpkin pie milkshake. 

Ziggy burger: your good old classic burger ingredients (tomato, pickles...)

Smoked burger: the smokey taste is really good along with the melted cheese but not much ingredients inside 

My boyfriend who is a meat lover - ate the beyond meat burger and was amazed at how good it tasted and could barely tell the difference. I was also impressed by everything we ate, and the milkshake (which has no dairy and consist of mainly soy beans) was probably one of the best milkshake I've had. Being lactose intolerant, I can't help but feel guilty every time I try a milkshake. This soy milkshake made me feel good! 

So happy this place exists! Will definitely be coming back to try different items on the menu.
This is the East Coast equivalent of Veggie Grill, but it's way better than VG. The food is better and the prices are better. What more to say?

Oh, they have all-day breakfast and are open early!

I got a mocha latte shake ($5) and loved it. The breakfast maple crispy chik'n sandwich ($6.49) was decent, though the maple syrup added nothing and made the sandwich worse.

The sunnyside sausage, egg and cheese ($6) was a near-perfect replica of a McDonald's breakfast sandwich. While I enjoyed it, the thing wasn't exactly bursting with flavor. I am also getting tired of the endless repetition of Just Egg and Beyond/Impossible, which seems to be the only vegan combo allowed these days. All that, for $6 I can't complain.

The golden hashbrown ($1.39) was tasty.

Stop by HipCityVeg for a quick, cheap vegan meal.
I bought dinner here last night, and man...all I can say is it's now one of my favorite veggie place in Philly. The hotel that I always stay at is around the corner from this vegetarian eatery, so it's very convenient. The restaurant is small though, so the tables are cramped and not great if you're with a group of friends. But I have to agree with most of the glowing reviews here, the food here is delicious, and reasonable too!  I will definitely be back. :-)
Hip City Veg has been on my list since I heard about them at this year's Vegan Fest at Weaver's Way. HCV's website contains little more than a logo which left me even more intrigued. When were they coming and what was going to be on the menu? Were we talking all vegetarian or all plant-based/vegan? My questions were answered when I finally got the chance to check it out for an early dinner this past Saturday.

At around 5pm on Saturday, after doing the city parking dance for around an hour and landing on South Street, we were in the front of the line at Hip City Veg, during one of the few lulls the new storefront has probably experienced since opening this past week. The cashier let me know that everything was indeed plant-based, which is wonderful, given the barren options for vegans in the Rittenhouse area of the city. My husband and I ordered the ziggy burger and the udon noodle salad to split, and I ordered the green lemonade.

Sweetened with agave, ice cold and with just the right level of tartness, the green lemonade was perfect to tide me over as we waited for our meal. I don't normally drink anything but water, however, this lemonade is made with agave, so there's no sticky coating of sugar left in your mouth and no blood sugar spike. A few minutes after we sat down, our order was ready. The ziggy burger was wonderful, tasty tempeh bacon strips, a nice, if prefab, veggie patty, loads of pickles and special sauce on a soft homemade whole wheat onion bun. It was delightful and my only complaint is that I had to split it with my husband. I could have easily eaten the entire thing. The Asian udon noodle salad was good, but there was too much oily dressing on top and not enough peanuts to balance out the peppery arugala.

If you google "hip city veg", you'll be able to find the menu online, it's just not on the official website. It's a little annoying that they don't put their menu up online, but given the number of people streaming in and out of the restaurant as we ate, and the amount of activity going on behind the counter, they're probably too swamped to worry about a web presence. Also, word to the wise, if you order that delicious lemonade, you'll have to find a bathroom elsewhere in Rittenhouse Square; they are not zoned for a bathroom. Lastly, I'm incredibly happy to see another new business embracing compostable to-go containers! I'm already plotting my next trip here.
We are slowly but surely eating our way through the HipCity Veg menu and, as meat lovers, have been pleasantly surprised and extremely satisfied.  I'm officially obsessed with the crispy ranch "chick'n" sandwich - I don't know how they do it, but the protein looks, feels and tastes miraculously like chicken!  I have dissected it and all but looked at it under a microscope, and it's a total culinary revelation.  It even reheats well for next day lunch leftovers.  The fajita wrap is super flavorful, and the veggie burger, though not as inexplicably identical to its carnivorous counterpart as the crispy chick'n, is meaty and hearty.  Sweet potato fries are good - pretty standard - but what makes them unique is the dipping sauce, a whipped concoction of savory cilantro goodness.  The only downsides I can see are that they've been sold out of the kale the two times we've tried to order it, and there's no restroom for their dine-in customers.  But all in all, this is not what you think of as typical vegan food - it's substantial.  It's flavorful.  It's total man food (no offense to my male vegan friends).
What a neat place for a lite lunch. Several salad options, jerk cesar salad, arugula taco salad, spinach blt salad chopped med salad & udon noodle salad. Wraps include fajita & and they offer a Ziggy burger classic veg & curry tofu.

I had the arugula taco salad w/black beans organic grilled corn, pick de gallo, tortillas, avocado & cilantro dressing.. Greens tasted fresh and a fusion of mildly spicy with the pico de gallo and sweetness of the corn. The salad comes in a medium sized  plastic bowl. Grilled chicken is an option on the salad if preferred.

One of the best things is that the plastic bowl an cup as well as the utensils are used for compost. The containers and utensils are made out of corn syrup so it easily recyclable. Which get 2 thumbs up in my book for being mindful of the planet and how we take care of it!!

Great spot for a healthy lite lunch.... Highly recommend.
I am not usually quite so harsh, but then again this is not the first time I have given Hip City a chance, it is my third, and each experience seems to be more lack luster than the last. 

The concept is so fresh, so exciting, so in demand. The follow through is anything but. Their menu appears, fresh, healthy, fun and VEGAN. How could one go wrong in the city full of Cheesesteaks with a healthy alternative. The answer; Very. First of all there is a huge misconception that this spot it healthy, there menu has a spattering of healthy options, that is dosed in unhealthy sauces, creams, dressings and fried items. These 'addition's' make many of their items anything BUT healthy. Healthy done right are places like Pure Fare and Sweetgreen, this is not one. 

My third experience. I was craving something filling and healthy and was walking around Rittenhouse, when I thought I would give Hip City another try. I walked in to give their menu a ponder and was pleasantly greeted by a special Quinoa Chili they were featuring for the day. I decided to order one (it was exactly what I was craving) and was excited to enjoy what seemed like my first pleasant experience here.

But this is Hip City, nothing ever runs smoothly (even after being open for months) and after placing my order and paying I was told they actually ran out of Chili, and she suggested I can come back in an hour to get some if I want. I was not going to wait an hour to eat so I decided to try something else on the menu, so I ordered their Buffalo Bella and attempted to make it healthier by having it wrapped in a tortilla rather than on a 'hamburger bun'. I waited in their disorderly line and received the sandwich to go. 

I did not wait long to dive in, I was hungry and was looking forward to what I had ordered. When I first opened the wrapping I was slightly alarmed, there was Buffalo sauce slathered all over the outside of the wrap, and I became nervous that my Portabello wrap turned into a Buffalo Sauce Wrap. Indeed it had, after my first bite I discovered that the wrap was DRENCHED in their unhealthy and overpowering sauce with a smattering of the celery slaw and there was an extremely small portion of Portobella. Basically I had a fattening saucy, greasy wrap on my hands and yea it was Vegan, but it was anything but healthy, flavorful or refreshing. After about 3 more bites  I decided there was no way I could eat anymore of my WaWa quality sandwich and picked out the two Portobella mushrooms and threw the rest away. 

My local WaWa would do a better take on this sandwich, somehow manage to make it faster and it would not cost $10 a pop either. This place does NOTHING to impress. I think Ill stick to Sweetgreen.
I love it here when I get here at 11 AM and the lunch rush has not hit yet.
Today I ordered by phone and waltzed in and out with my Green Lemonade (a must), Sweet potato fries and a veggie burger.

So hip.

So city.

So veg.

So cheap?  (Not so much - $15.64 for those 3 items)

LOVE IT!

Want the Fifth star?  Get a BATHROOM, please.
I've been veggie for about seventeen years, and one of the things I miss the most is a good chicken sandwich.  I mean I've had some passable sandwiches in the past, but nothing like the Hip City Ranch. Dear god, it was like being transported back into my teenage mallrat high waisted jeans boy scoping cassette single buying self, and that was just the first bite. There is something so very satisfying about this sandwich, it's battered just right, with a few extra crispy pieces hanging off the bun.  The ranch sauce is perfection and the bun held together nicely (a pet peeve of mine) while adding to the flavor of the sandwich. I also got a lemonade (sweetened with agave, super refreshing and delicious) and a side Caesar salad.  At first glance the salad seems a bit sparse, with only dressed lettuce, a few plantain chips for garnish and some jicama throughout, but the taste is amazing, and I'm aware that's pretty much all a Caesar salad is anyway. The dressing is really spot on, and plentiful.  I am super excited to go back and try every last menu item. 

The people are super friendly, food came out fast, and it's cute inside.  Definitely not the best place to eat in, as there's a counter facing the street, and two or three tables lining the walls.
A yummy local eatery, right off Rittenhouse Square park, for both the veg and veg loving crowd. It is amaizing how many great new vegetarian friendly restaurants are opening recently in Philly. I would recommend the smoothies & green lemonade to cool you off in the hot summer heat, and the Udon Noodle salad is also delish. Bring your carnivourous friends here too, its almost too good to be true, and they'll love it too.
It had been a good 5 years since I first tried HipCityVeg, so I thought it was time to give it another go. 

I had the Crispy HipCity Ranch Chick'n and it was a large sandwich, which surprised me. I honestly couldn't really even tell it was vegan, which is a win in my meat-loving book. The sweet potato fries were crispy and tasty.

Overall, I was very pleased with my meal, but the prices are still quite high. My sandwich and fries came to $16...YIKES! 

I'll probably wait less than 5 years to return, but unfortunately, due to the prices, I won't be back often.
Just wanted to comment on a few more things I've tried.

Fajita wrap: lots of bell peppers, not enough avocado, wouldn't order again
Caesar salad: really tasty, but incredibly over-dressed, couldn't eat the lettuce at the bottom, so get dressing on the side
Banana whip: really good, but not a drink, it's like a cup of ice cream, and I thought it was going to be more like a smoothie
Udon noodle salad: amazing! super filling, and a great blend of flavors and textures
Groothie: delicious
Tofu curry wrap: very filling and flavorful, doesn't taste so much like curry
Ziggy Burger: awesome smoky flavor and a good sauce
Excellent food, service, experience.

Everything is vegan meaning dairy free, egg free, meat free, cruelty free, and sustainable. When I had the Philly cheesesteak, nothing was short in flavor. My co workers didn't believe me when I told them it was vegan. The flavor was on point ;) Not saying it was the healthiest choice, but if you're ordering one, you're not going for healthy. The thing was also massive! I expected a tiny sandwich, but not here.

The service is also fantastic. It gets busy during rush hour, but they have someone taking your order in line so all you have to do is pay when you reach the register. Efficiency to a t!

This place is a must go if you're nearby!
HipCityVeg has only been opened for 30 days.  But it's already been reviewed 48 times.  The high volume of reviews in a short time shows the popularity of this new veggie restaurant.  And as I write this, The Review Of The Day is for HipCityVeg.

The menu is great from the actual items you can order to the smartly designed look of the printed version.  I also like the creative use of the phrase "Menu is 100% plant-based" instead of saying vegan, which can be a nonstarter for some people.  And the standout on the menu has to be the Crispy Ranch Chick'n Burger.  Regarding the storefront, I really like the efficient use of space with a modern interior.  And everyone working there is very friendly.

One Suggestion:
Adding LevelUp would help bring in first time customers and support their goal of making healthy veggie food mainstream.
I've had this place bookmarked on yelp for sometime and was dying to try. Location is kinda tricky for parking so either street parking or a parking garage is your best bet. Walking up to this place I was so eager to try everything. I could already smell everything from outside and obviously I was looking at the menu on the way there. My friend and I arrived inside along with a bunch of people trailing behind us. I was hoping some people who were almost done eating would be leaving by the time we got our food so I could sit and enjoy the food there other then my friends car. 

 I decided on the "Crispy hipcity ranch" sandwich to start with a side asian salad and a kale lemonade. We waited about 10 minutes and to my wishes we were able to snag a table. I dug into my food and took a bite of the sandwich and fell in love. Now i'm vegan but the friend I went with was not. I kept asking her "How is this not meat?" I was so amazed that my sandwich tasted exactly like chicken. The taste and the texture was exactly the same, spot on, equivalent to what a sandwich at chic fil a would taste like. The asian salad was also good and fresh the dressing was just enough and it was a good side portion. Kale lemonade I highly recommend, so fresh so delicious. Wish they did have a large for drinks tho. 
 
Only downside about this place is no public restrooms and the seating is very sparse. Other then thats this place very well deserves the 5 stars that everyone has given them. I'm excited to come back and try more.
Ordered over the phone, and my order was ready within minutes! Very quick and convenient pickup. Ordered the crispy hipcity ranch with buffalo and sweet potato fries, which were great. Could barely tell it wasn't chicken.

My only complaint is that my fries weren't warm at pickup!
I have been eating at hipcity for years. I crave the hipcity ranch occasionally and treat myself to it. More recently, the sandwich has been tasting not amazing and at the price point quite honestly not worth it. It used to have a crunchy outside and juicy inside and was covered in the delicious ranch sauce. However, the recent times I've gotten this sandwich it has been very dry and flavorless. The brioche bun(which before got soggy very quickly so wasn't great in the first place) was replaced by a rubbery bread. We also made the mistake of trying the new oh maitake burger which was dry and tasted like cardboard, and was such a small burger at a ridiculous price. Overall, I'm pretty disappointed with the decrease in quality in what was previously a fantastic alternative for vegans/vegetarians.
If you are aimlessly staring at the menu, get the Ziggy Burger! I mean, how cool is that name? The sweet potato fries were yummy too. 

Space is limited but everyone is friendly and the overall atmosphere is nice.

My only complaint (if you can call it that) is that this is one of those places that carnivores tend to like more than actual vegetarians/vegans because they serve what I like to call "sex with your pants on" food. As in, lots of carbs and empty calories to make it agreeable to those who feel that healthy food is tasteless. If you are looking for clean and unprocessed ingredients and are turned off by a little grease...this may not be the spot for you. But if your only requirement is "meatless", or you want to try something new and different, this is definitely worth a try.

BUT...I think even the most health conscious palettes can appreciate the power of the Groothie. 

Love, peace, and veggies.
YUM. Hip City Veg has got it going on. I'm a vegan but I've taken plenty of meat eaters to this joint and they've gone back again and again.

They're smoothies are divine and the mock meat makes you think twice that maybe you picked up a cheesesteak.

Aside from fake meat sandwiches, the salads are fresh, baked goods are awesome. And the customer service is top notch. My baby niece blew them all kisses which is obviously a sign of a great experience.
Data privacy is a big deal to me, so I couldn't order delivery from this yummy vegan place even though I wanted to--because they only contract through TryCaviar.com for delivery services. I went to sign up and saw that TryCaviar has unethical privacy policies. They sell your information to third party companies that then track your IP address and monitor your browser activity and stuff.

It's not worth signing away your internet privacy rights just to order a freaking faux-chicken sandwich.

https://www.trycaviar.com/privacy-and-terms

http://www.vice.com/en_ca/read/iggy-azaleas-pizzagate-is-a-serious-wakeup-call-about-consumer-privacy-789
Okay, so HipCityVeg has gotten their sh*t together.   Yep.  The lines have died down. Their team is working like a well-oiled machine and doggone it they've improved all the issues I had with their offerings.

Salads now are chock-ful more of all the good stuff, veggies and the like (and offer the dressing on the side, good call!) - Sandwiches are served warm and order time is rather quick.  Near perfection.  You know what is total perfection though?  Their Groothie, (have I said this enough?), their Green Lemonade (refreshing) and their Banana Whips (yeah, it tastes like a frosty from heaven, but it's ALL banana, insane, right?).  I could drink a near gallon of all this deliciousness (which brings me to another point, please offer different sized drink options!  I nearly slurp these up before I even get my order)!

The only downside to HipCityVeg is the price - it ain't cheap, folks.  A salad, green lemonade and banana whips (a treat) will set you back $16 and change.  Delicious all the same.
It's vegan fast food, but a little fresher, and I'm totally here for it! It's definitely a must-hit (any of their locations) while you're in Philly if you have a plant based eater in your party.

I came here for one reason although I'm sure I'll come back for many more based on their menu. The vegan Philly "cheese steak"! While the rest of my party had been eating the real, original version all weekend, I was on the hunt for one I could safely eat without cross contamination. Finding this place made me ecstatic. The whole menu is vegan from drinks to entrees to desserts. It's less of a sit down place and more of a grab and go, so it's great for grabbing lunch while walking around the city.

The Vegan Philly Steak itself was great, my boyfriend the meat eater even went back for a second bite of mine. I'm glad this place exists, so we can all get our tourism eating in!
If you're vegan and in Philly you must come here. If you're in Philly period you must come here. I got the cheesesteak and the chicken ranch sandwich. Also got kale lemonade and some cookies. The sandwiches were amazing and affordable. You can get a meal for under $10. Super affordable, I will come back if I can to try some other things :) 
Love it!
With fast varieties at spots like 500 Degrees, Five Guys, Shake Shack, Burger.Org and then some; and gourmet varieties at spots like Butcher & Singer, Good Dog, Village Whiskey, and Rouge; burgers are something that has become pretty damn convoluted around Rittenhouse Square. But despite all of those options, none of those spots have really offered up any veggie burgers that stand out. But now HipCityVeg comes to the rescue and delivers what might just be the best veggie burger in Philly in the Ziggy Burger.

As a plentiful vegan patty topped lettuce, tomato, onion, ketchup, and dijon mustard; the classic veg burger suffices. But the Ziggy Burger takes it up a notch with its special sauce and manages to do something that I never thought possible? Because with its smoky texture and satisfying bite the Tempeh on top of it actually manages to give bacon a run for its money!

The sweet potato fries that I had as accompaniment were just decent and a tad bit on the soggy side. But the cilantro black bean dipping sauce that it came with was a welcome addition. Add in plenty of enticing salads and wraps, natural sodas and kick ass shakes, and then some; and you definitely have a welcome addition to Philly vegan eats.
Well, I had been hearing about this wonderful little den of vegan goodness constantly since it opened and so.... I was on a birthday gift shopping mission and had somehow managed to not also buy me something along the way. Mad stalwart of me, I'd say. So, it occurred to me, as I was in the neighborhood, that yes I should indeed treat myself to a lil something from HipCityVeg; a tasty vegan reward meal was in order.

The space is small and seats were filled up, but with luck and what I like to call some, "friendly hoverin' " I was lucky enough to manage to snag a seat by the time that my name was called for my order- quickly, at that! I enjoyed the hell outta the Crispy HipCity Ranch: battered chick'n, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles, and peppercorn ranch on a soft, wheat burger bun. The chick'n was hot and juicy with coating as absolutely so super crispy as could be. I don't know if I'll ever be able to try anything else on the menu after gettin down with that sandwich. Too good. You got me, sandwich.

Look at me, I'm no longer vegetarian, so I'll take a bite outta a bird, no problem. It's just that there are not so many true chicken sandwiches that I'll spend so much time hankerin for. I have to say, this chick'n was startlingly chickeny. And I've had some chick'n in my day... 

I appreciate the very friendly girls working at the counter. I appreciate a good vegan spot that provides fresh, quality food fast.... and I appreciate smugly slurping a Groothie (one goood green smoothie) on my way home, AS IF I didn't buy me some presents.
Dude, this place is absolutely amazing. The best vegan in Philly. It's quick, it's hearty, it's near unrecognizably vegan. 

The cheese steak tasted like an actual cheese steak. Out of this world. The southwest chicken wrap legit tasted and felt like a chicken wrap. It's some magic in their food I'm telling you. Chocolate milkshake was damn good as well. 

And for a busy place putting out so much of this vegan fast food, they don't skip a beat. It was still fresh and delicious like I was at a sit down place with a jazzed up menu.

A little tight quarters but its fast so it's more of a grab n go type jawn. My mouth is watering as I write this. You Philly vegans are spoiled. Cheers.
I'm pretty spoiled in LA.  With multiple vegan fast food options all over town, it's not hard to grab a quick bite.  I don't expect to get delicious food on the run when I travel back home, but what Veggie Grill is to me here, HipCityVeg was for me during my weekend in Philly.  AWESOME.

I couldn't resist a Philly Steak, and it is by far the best execution I've had to date.  The shredded meat smothered in melted cheese was spot on!!!  I giggled when I realized there was ketchup inside - I used to always dip my cheesesteaks in ketchup, and there it was, waiting for me.  They throw in some veggies and use a whole wheat roll so it's a little healthier, but it didn't detract from my walk down memory lane in the slightest.

I washed it down with a Carrot Ginger Lemonade which was so refreshing, and I don't even like carrot juice.  Highly recommend!  I totally give it credit for keeping me healthy while surrounded by sick people.

I came back twice to grab the most decadent hot chocolate I've ever had to keep me warm as I wandered around town.  Do I want coconut whipped cream?  Is that even a question?  I also picked up some chocolate chip cookies to take on the plane with me, and I almost cried because they tasted just like my aunt's cookies that I can't eat anymore.  Granted, I think she ripped the recipe from Tollhouse, but WHATEVER they were always super special to me and I'm incredibly grateful HipCityVeg can fill that hole in my tummy.

This place is my new best friend when I'm in town.  They're doing it right.
Came in on a Wednesday afternoon 12:30PM for lunch and surprisingly no crazy line.

I ordered the udon noodle salad and sampled the kale lemonade (which was tangy and not bad!). They ran out of arugula and I substituted it for baby spinach. The wait for food to go was around 10 minutes. The salad wasn't bad overall, but I felt like it was a bit too oily for my taste....didn't feel the best afterwards 

Next time, I think I'd like to try their sweet potato fries and sriracha aioli sauce. Maybe a wrap or chick'n special? I'd like to give it another shot.
We'd tried Hip City previously in Washington DC, so we went into HCV with pretty high expectations, and they definitely delivered! We opted for the crispy chicken ranch sandwich, which I always really enjoy. Their ranch is pretty good for being vegan! 

We also tried the disco chicken, which was pretty tasty as well, although I think I personally prefer the crispy sandwich. We also split an order of the fries with the cilantro aioli and they were definitely tasty. 

My absolute favorite thing about HCV is their kale lemonade. I admit I was snobby about it at first, thinking there was no way Kale and Lemonade would make a good combo, but I am a convert! I be sure to get this everytime I stop by! One day, I'll bring a nip of vodka or gin to add to it, because it would make an amazing cocktail.
This is all wrong. I ordered the crispy hipcity ranch burger and someone put fried chicken in it. What's the deal, HipCityVeg? Is this a sick joke by some bitter, angry employee? 

Next time, I'd really like you to put in a vegetable-based mock meat product. I'd like something that's dry and tastes kinda spongy. I need it to have a strange, otherworldly flavor that is reminiscent of lazy MSG. I need to hate what I'm eating but feel good that I'm doing something that I think is healthy. You did not give me this! Why do you deny me the righteous culinary self-flagellation that is required of me at a vegetarian restaurant?

Your sweet potato fries and the dip they come with are delicious.
Well, what can I say? We are officially addicted to HipCityVeg. It's convenient and delicious and vegan. Vegan. Take out. West of Broad. Whodahthunkit?
The space is small but bright and the staff is very helpful. For a busy small space, they keep things running very smoothly. 
We have worked our way through a great deal of the menu so far and the big winners are hip city ranch, udon noodle salad, the buffalo bello and the spinach salad. The fries are pretty good as well. We also love the groothie and the green lemonade. Ooh, and the canned soda is a nice healthier soft drink choice. 
Really, if you want something quick and tasty that's not going to make you feel awful after eating it, this is the spot.
Here's a secret of so many carnivores: If it's not meat, then it's automatically healthy. If it's vegetarian, then it's unquestionably low calorie. Duh.

The Bistro Bella satisfied my body's need for fiber and protein consumption. Grilled portobello mushrooms are not only mega nutritious, but when topped with mustard, artichokes, arugula and olive tapenade, are also wildly delicious. Skip the bread - it's just a hoagie. 

The sweet potato fries are awesome, but what makes even more amazing is the dipping sauce. The light green cilantro black bean dip is airy, almost frothy and should be splayed all over everything you're eating from Hip City. It enhanced the Bistro Bella, adding a mild cooling effect to the poignent mushroom olive blend.
This counter-service vegan/plant-based restaurant in the Rittenhouse Square area of Philadelphia is a great stop for a quick lunch and bite to eat.  I stopped twice on the same day, once just to try their chicken nuggets (with buffalo sauce) and again for the cheese steak.  The nuggets were OK, nothing spectacular, but edible and flavorful with the buffalo sauce.

The cheese steak was delicious.  It was flavorful, cheesy, and a bit messy which made it excellent in my opinion.  It was a good interpretation of a Philly Cheese Steak.  It's more on the meal size than the snack size though, so it can fill you up.

The staff was super friendly and had everything out to me quickly each time.  They even have books for sale so look around at the walls for things you may want to look at.  It's small so looking around may just be turning your head a bit.

I wish they had Coke or Pepsi though.  Just because I'm not eating meat doesn't mean I don't want a delicious cola to wash down my sandwich and nuggets!  I'd go back for the cheese steak and would like to try some of their other items.
Love it!  I finally got to stop in during the second week.  I'm not at all a vegan, and fake meat freaks me out most of the time, but I decided to give the Hip City Ranch a try, plus a side of sweet potato fries.  First, the food smelled amazing, very McDonald's like in a good way.  I opened the bag and was surprised by the generous portions.  The sandwich was huge, and there were a lot of fries.  I had to cut the sandwich in half and sort of squeeze it down to make it easier to eat.  A bun with less height would be appreciated.  The sandwich tasted amazing.  It really tasted like a delicious chicken sandwich. The texture was spot on, and it was crispy without being heavy.  How do they do that?  I really liked the fake chicken better than real chicken.  I didn't love the ranch sauce, but it was good.  The fries were super tasty, and the black bean cilantro sauce was the perfect accompaniment.  Granted the food is expensive, but the portions were generous.  I'll definitely be working my way though the menu.
This review is for their 'GROOTHIE' which is their veggie and fruit shake. I normally DESPISE veggie or fruity shakes, but I needed my body to recover so decided to suck it up and drink something healthy. This was amazing! It was filled with everything from bananas to spinach, and it was under 5 bucks! This definitely hit the spot and was extremely filling!
This might very well be thee best sandwich I've ever tasted in my life. No joke. Not exaggerating. 

We came across this place because I wanted to experience a philly cheesesteak, vegan style. So I saw this place had good reviews. The inside was very clean and simple. Limited amount of places to sit but we got a couple of window seats so it was fine. 

I got a philly cheesesteak and a brownie. The brownie was very delicious. But the cheesesteak... omg... the flavor, the look, the size... everything was perfect. My plan was to eat half of the sandwich for lunch and save the rest for dinner. I ate half the sandwich in the restaurant, walked a few steps to a nearby park, sat down on a bench... and ate the rest of the sandwich. And I was thinking about going to get another one for dinner lol! 

Great food, customer service and overall experience here. Next time I come visit Philly, it is without question that I will be back!!!
Guys. The hype is real. Even when half of my face was numb after getting a filling (yeah maybe not the best decision), I am in awe of how delicious of a lunch HipCityVeg gave me.There's a reason there is always a line there. It's fabulous. 

I ordered the Crispy HipCity Ranch with buffalo and sweet potato fries. I took my order to Rittenhouse Square to enjoy on a beautiful afternoon in the city. Sweet potato fries were nothing special - pretty much as expected. When I open up my sandwich, it was slathered in ranch and buffalo sauce. As much as I was happy that the $1 up-charge for buffalo sauce was not a tiny dot of sauce, it was disappointing how haphazardly the sandwich was put together. I get it. There's a line. Objects sometimes shift in flight when walking over to the park. My tip: give customers more napkins!! 

A little on the pricy side. My meal + drink was over $15. For food that is all plant based, I'm not sure how that equals high price, but unfortunately for me and my wallet yet fortunately for my stomach, I'm hooked.
Coming from a healthful vegetarian, HipCityVeg is a wonderful addition to Rittenhouse and Philadelphia as a whole.  The restaurant, as other reviewers have mentioned, is small, and accomodates about 10 people sitting down.

I ordered the Ziggy Burger, which is their smoked tempeh on a bun with lettuce, tomato, onions, and a pickle as well as a "special sauce".  The artisan buns, I learned upon asking, are locally-sourced, unbleached, and unprocessed.  The sauce was creamy, reminiscient of dressing that comes on a Big Mac.  The tempeh was flavorful and not greasy.  My coworker got the tofu curry wrap, packed with spinach and a white bean puree, which she thoroughly enjoyed.

Others have complained that their orders took forever, but I had an entirely different experience.  Perhaps the kinks are getting worked out day by day, but a staff of five people behind the counter tackled the lunch rush hour with speed and efficiency. 

This is vegan fast food with mass appeal.  The menu declares that all food is 100 percent "plant-based," avoiding the politically-charged, emotion-laden term "vegan" altogether.  I am excited to see how this place develops - seasonal specialities, perhaps?  Catering?  Black bean brownies?!?!
After dining at HipCityVeg a few times it's easy to see that they are doing their part to put both Philadelphia and vegan food on the map.  Meaters gonna hate, but this place is the real deal.

100% plant based and full of fresh menu items, this joint makes for a great lunch spot (if you're so lucky to work downtown), a casual dinner or maybe just that spot for a 5 dollar shake.  Yeah, they have a 5 dollar shake and I've had it a few times.  It's delicious and I'm not ashamed.

I love the curry tofu wrap.  Serious flavors pop out of this thing when you bite into it.  This is a spot you can take a tourist, you can go with a local or even just to convince your meatcentric friends that there are other options out there.

The space is a bit small, but that's not a huge concern to me.  I'll gladly grab a bite and go sit in the park and eat.  Somehow, eating vegan from a place that is 100% plant based and sitting outside all feels right.

I've been here a few times and I'll clearly be back for more.  Well played HipCityVeg.  Well played.
When I think of Philly, I think of cool, funky shops on South Street and hip, yet down-to-earth people in an industrial city. Thoughts of great vegan food aren't one of the first things to come to mind. But, when I heard about a new vegan cafe that had opened up just a few months ago, I knew it was time to schedule a day trip. 

My friends who lived in the area had heard of the new HipCityVeg, but had not yet been there so Zach and I met up with them and we headed downtown to Rittenhouse Square. From all that I had read, I expected two things -- limited seating and awesome food. HipCityVeg did not disappoint.

HipCityVeg was opened by Nicole Marquis who was formerly the Manager at the now-closed Horizons, an excellent vegan restaurant. Horizons was closed to make way for the new Vedge venture and from what I hear, the owner is very supportive of Nicole and HipCityVeg. In fact, it has been noted that the owners continue to serve as a mentor to Marquis even though they have no stake in her cafe.

Nicole wanted to offer the city fresh and fast high-quality vegan food. They offer delivery via bicycle, source locally, and serve the meals in compostable packaging. The interior is even made of recycled and energy-efficient materials. How's that for being eco-friendly?! 

When my friends and I arrived, it was only 10:45 a.m., but we were already ready for lunch. I guess you could call that brunch! The menu listed so many appetizing items such as a Jerk Caesar Salad, Ziggy Burger with smoked tempeh, and Bistro Bella with herb glazed portobella.

When I inquired as to which items were good, the woman at the counter remarked that everything was good. Hmmm. Well, that didn't make the choice any easier. After debating between a crispy chick'n, portobella sandwich, and Philly steak, I ultimately felt that I was somewhat obligated to try the steak sub since I was in Philly.

I started off with a green lemonade, which was made of freshly squeezed lemons and organic kale juice, lightly sweetened with raw organic agave nectar. It was like a boosted lemonade.

Zach started with The Groothie, which I realized must be their most popular drink because everyone was buying it. This was a delicious green smoothie made of organic apples, leafy greens, bananas, and seasonal fruit. I'd liken it to a lighter version of a Naked Green Machine.

The food was served in this funky compostable packaging that fit the burgers like a glove and when unwrapped sort of looked like a burger diaper. My sub, however, was just wrapped normally as it was too large to have that sort of wrapping. I must admit I was pretty nervous about this one. The Philly Steak, as they called it, was not a cheesesteak and I was wondering if it would be flavorful enough without the cheese. One bite and my worries immediately dissipated. The steak sub was made of thinly sliced seitan with grilled onions and mushrooms, lettuce and tomato on a fresh, toasted roll topped with ketchup and vegan mayonnaise. Was I in vegan heaven? Words can't describe just how good this steak sub was. After having been disappointed with a vegan cheesesteak here in this same city several years ago, nothing could have prepared me for the richness of seitan coupled with the perfect accompaniments on fresh bread that was to die for. Oh my goodness.

Zach's sandwich was incredibly good as well. He ordered the Crispy HipCity Ranch, which was battered chick'n (I think it was gardein), lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, and peppercorn ranch. So fresh and so flavorful.

He also ordered the sweet potato fries that came with a cilantro-black bean dip. Yum! They were crispy, but not overly so with a mayonnaise-based dip with cilantro and black beans -- a great pairing.

Believe it or not, I ate that entire sub. I really just couldn't stop -- it was that good. And afterwards, we had to wonder if the cupcakes, and other sweets were made in-house or imported from one of the local vegan bakeries. When they told us they were made in-house, we had to try one. So, we all, very responsibly, shared a single vanilla cupcake. And it was damn good.

The owner, Nicole, and head chef, Lauren Hooks should be commended for their venture into the wonderful world of casual vegan food.  With sandwiches priced around $8.50 each, the prices are right, the cafe is hip, and the food is outstanding. Although there is limited seating, if you can't score a seat, you can always take your food out and enjoy it in Rittenhouse Square. But, no matter where you eat it, I am fairly certain you will enjoy your meal. I know we did.

There is a statement on the website that really rings true: "Yes, HipcityVeg is about health and compassion for living things and the earth, but the food is about tasting good. It's as simple as that." They hit the nail on the head with this one.
Upbeat, professional, fast, Friendly service. You're normally welcomed as you Enter if they arent too biay taking orders. Always a welcoming friendly smile upon entrance ready to take your order. I love the Hip City Crispy Ranch Chick'un Sammich. I get mine "fried hard" on special request for certain occassions with extra in-house made ranch sauce in the side. The sandwich is simple with your choice sauce added, lettuce, tomato, and a slice of red onion. I enjoy it and consider it a more healthier vegan plant based option as opposed to the crispy chicken sandwich at competitor fast food restaurants. 

They also sell different flavor sandwiches, chick'un nuggets, salads, smoothies and some sweet treat/dessert like options cupcakes, brownies cookies etc.

The seating is open and intimate with a street side view at the storefront window with a diner feel to it with single stools, booth like feng shuy, tables against the walls and seating in the middle for across the table group seating. Like 3 or 4 different seating arrangements in one establishment, pretty cool layout in my opinion. Grab your own utensils and napkins. Pretty greenery against the wall and the lighting modern, white lights, so bright in some spots and dimly lit in another. Great ambiance.

Check them out may not be dissapointed take the risk, be bold and your palate with probably find something you'll love on the menu.
I am so happy they have a location in center city now! It's really convenient for me when I was interning around Dilworth Park. The service is quick and the lines might get a bit long sometimes during lunch but the waiting time is always less than 7 minutes for me. My favorite is the Udon Noodle Salad! I keep on ordering it because it's a big portion that fills me up and the chick'n satisfies my meat cravings. I'm not a vegan or a vegetarian but that chick'n gives me hope that if I ever do become one, my meat cravings will be sated! I also substitute the spicy chick'n with the grilled chick'n because I don't like spicy things and it's still so flavorful!
If all vegetarian food tasted like this, then I'd be a happy convert. 

My favorite is the Crispy HipCity Ranch - like a real crispy chicken sandwich/burger, perfectly juicy and flavored with their special ranch sauce. I would probably get this over any real-meat equivalents, as it tastes just like the real thing - but better! 

The Ziggy Burger is great as well, and probably as close in taste to a beefy burger as it gets. The patty is moist and soft, which isn't always the case with veggie burgers. 

Order with a side of sweet potato fries & spicy aioli for a completely satisfying meal. The caloric intake is probably not much better compared to having real meat, but you at least walk away feeling healthier! Only downside is the place could get pretty busy given the small space, but turnover is fairly fast and many order to go. Also they sell (boxed) water here, so you might as well get a drink instead!
Finally was able to channel my inner herbivore spirit and order from this place last night. 

It was like 8 or 8:30 or some shit and bc I wake up at the ass crack of dawn everyday I realized I wanted food and I needed it quick. Caviar had this place as an under-30-min place and I had been meaning to give it a go anyways so yeah, let's do it.

Good news is that there's only 4 salads to choose from, perfect for people like me that don't like too many words to read or too many options from which to make a decision. Bad news is that there's only 4 salads to choose from so if you're not digging one of the options or digging something that is not an option, you're SOL. You might be able to mix and match but I do not remember seeing that on the menu.

I went with the arugula taco salad with some lettuce (arugula, shocker), corn, black beans, avocado, cilantro dressing, and some tortilla strips thrown in. My main bish ordered the chopped med salad with artichokes, roasted red pepper, tomatoes, olives, garbanzos, tofu, romaine and basil dressing. I had a fork-full of this shit and it was delicious. 

Ultimately this was a good choice but the salad wasn't overwhelming big and in retrospect if I was really hungry I would've had to order something else but what I ordered was amazing.
Note: I'm a vegetarian

Ordered the classic veg burger for myself and a salad for my friend; they mixed things up and gave us the burger and a chik'n burger instead. Not a huge deal though.

The veg burger was certainly a classic...in that I've tasted it 100 times before. It was just a Boca burger (not sure exactly which; probably the regular Boca Original). I am really not a fan of Boca; they don't taste bad, but they're extremely bland and taste like very little at all. So, it was basically a 50 cent bland, frozen grocery store patty that they likely grilled briefly, and it cost $7.50.

To be fair the bun, condiments, and toppings were all decent, but again, $7.50 is incredibly overpriced for what was actually given, and it didn't taste very good, either.

Notably, I did not try anything else, so it may very well just be the classic veg burger that's subpar. But I do not plan on going back.
As a recent pescatarian, I have been trying to find restaurants around me that would allow me to not give up the taste of meat while still being able to stick to my choice of diet.

After a few yelp searches I came across HipCityVeg. It seemed to be really popular since there are various locations in Philly. 

I ordered the crispy hipcity ranch and the vanilla milkshake. I was surprised at how close the sandwich resembled the taste of a real chicken sandwich and actually even better than most chicken sandwiches I have tasted. The milkshake tasted like any milkshake if you replaced cow milk with soy milk.

One thing that I enjoyed the most about my meal was that I felt satisfied without the overstuffed gross feeling you get after you eat a large meal.

I do think this place is overpriced like many vegetarian/vegan restaurants, but it is always nice yo treat yourself once in awhile
Popped in to HipCityVedge on it's opening day "just to look," and walked out with the most delicious on-the-go vegan sweet treat I've ever had.  The vanilla "Five Dollar Shake" (made with coconut- and soy-based products) combined with the magical "Banana Whip" (made with bananas. seriously just bananas) and topped off with some perfectly fresh raspberries made the first 80+ degree day of the year a perfect one.  I ate the entire thing.  And not slowly.  So.  Good.

And they were kind enough to accommodate my bizarre menu request - on opening day no less, when things were already crazed.  And only for a slight added charge bringing my joyous afternoon to a cost of about $6.  Praise to high heaven goes to the whole team over there for making it happen.

If you're not feeling something so decadent, the "Groothie" (apples, kale, pineapple, you know) is also just stellar.

Can't wait to go back for a meal.  Very excited that the more casual half of Horizons soul has now been reincarnated as a sandwich (or in my case, compostable cup).
Had to scope out HipCityVeg after all the surrounding media brouhaha and, I have to admit, I'm a bit disappointed.

THE GOOD:
+ Convenience. 18th and Sansom. Could it be any more at the core of center city lunch walkability? I think not.
+ Healthy and Vegetarian. Honestly, it's difficult to get quick, quality AND healthy lunches in the prime center city area. My usual go-to for this is Pure Fare, but it's just a weeee bit out of the way.
+ Plastic without a $10 minimum (including Amex). This makes life easier considering all pay comes electronically these days (goodbye inconvenient ATM "I need cash" trips).
+ Speed. Let's face it, sometimes you're in a rush. With 10 people taking orders and/or prepping food, wait time is kept to a minimum here.

THE BAD: 
+ To be fair, I've only tried one sandwich here thus far (curry tofu wrap) but still, it was just okay. It had an overly "mayonnaisey" taste which overpowered anything liking to a spiced curry flavor. How disappointing. Also, the wrap to filling ratio was a bit imbalanced - I'm talking first bite = 100% pure wrap. The worst.
+ SMALL space. I get it - rent is astronomical in the center city square butttt only 3-4 small tables? If the line gets longer than 10 people, you are going to be outside. This is quite unpleasant in the rain and/or cold. Either way, be prepared to get your meal to go.

THE UGLY: 
+ Okay, this isn't necessarily "ugly" but they were out of the five dollar shake today which I was DYING to try. "Coconut and soy based" ... whatever that means? Either way I love both of those ingredients to pieces and must try them combined, stat.

Word on the street is the Ziggy burger is the way to go. I'll be back.
After a period of traveling while eating unhealthy food, I was in search of delicious and healthy food. 
To keep up with my healthy eating, I was recommend by a few friends to come to hipcityveg. Thankfully my best friend was also on the same track of mind so we came here tonight for dinner. The people were very friendly when we ordered and I liked that they customize the order under our names, it was more personable. 
Their menu has a lot of wrap and salad options, which is perfect for lunch or a light dinner.
We shared the curry tofu wrap and the Jamaican jerk Ceasar salad.
The curry tofu wrap was delicious and fresh - I think I like it a lot more than the Jamaican jerk chicken salad. The romaine was very crunchy which was nice but I'm not too fond of the hard plantains. I would definitely recommend the tofu if you like curry flavored food ! :) all for $10!
I was hungry mid-day and needed a bit of a pick me up so I ordered a salad. HCV is definitely a lunch spot, as it doesn't open until 11am but I found the salad pretty underwhelming. I'm vegan so I was excited to try a nice hearty salad. The bowl was all greens with all the fixings and toppings dropped on top - and the quantity was pretty sparse. It was clearly pre-made and I get that being a tiny place they may not have room to mix fresh salads. I just didn't find the salad special, or filling, and I tossed 1/2 of it. 

I've been told this place is like fast-food vegan so maybe other things on the menu are more memorable but I can't say I'm interested in coming back.
This is hands down the spot for on the go vegetarian food.  As a vegetarian, I've become accustomed to a limited menu, which makes it way easier for me to order when I'm out - but I eat everything on this menu!  
There are definitely the standard healthy veg options - love the arugula taco salad. But what is equally awesome, are all of the guilty pleasure options available - I'm looking  you crispy hip city ranch and sweet potato fries ;)

Haven't had a shake yet, but they at least look dynamite.
I was bummed when I went here on Friday night around 9pm. The food is really good, but way over priced. I asked for my order to-go (a zippy burger and chik'n sandwich, both with fries). When I got home one order was missing the cilantro bean sauce for the fries and the other order had cilantro bean sauce everywhere, most likely because the container didn't have a LID. The meals looked like they'd been thrown together, which bothers me because there weren't any other customers here at the time I ordered. So why rush? It was just so messy and I was disappointed for dropping so much dough on a meal that I couldn't thoroughly enjoy. 

It was worth a try, but I think next time I'm itchin for faux chicken I'll go to one of the many other vegetarian-friendly places in the city.
I usually love HipCityVeg but today was not good. I got the disco chick'n club and when I got home I realized they literally put nothing on it that was supposed to be included besides a single piece of wilted lettuce and a pickle slice. I didn't ask them to remove anything from the sandwich. I'm bummed because I went out of my way to come here while passing through the city today. I tried the nuggets too, and they were dry and flavorless like they'd been heated too long. Glad I didn't waste my money on anything else. Idk if they were just having an off day or what, but this sucked.
This was my first visit in awhile. It's a few blocks from my church and a nice walk when it's nice out. Everyone is very friendly and they have enough choices to satisfy different tastes. I had the arugula salad and sweet potato fries. Note they do not offer a public restroom, but they do have an easy and clean hand washing area.
Stopped by HipCity Veg for lunch, it seemed like an interesting place and while I left full and satisfied, I wasn't overly impressed. I ordered the Philly Steak (made with mushrooms and vegan cheese) along with a kale lemonade. The lemonade was fresh but very very sweet and while it was a light green color, you would've never known otherwise that there was kale in it. It would be nice if they could reduce the sugar and add some more kale to give it a more healthy/good for you sort of taste. The Philly steak was nicely flavored but with very little cheese and organic ketchup, it was mostly mushrooms.

Staff was friendly, the inside is very small, only three seats to eat it. They seem to do a lot of take-out business so it may not be an issue but for those who want to eat-in there aren't a lot of options.
Used to go to Hip City quite a bit when I lived in Philly. I got to visit again this past weekend when my brother in law went to pick up a matcha and mint smoothie. I'd had their BFG smoothie before, which is awesome, though never a milkshake. He ordered the matcha and mint which I think was a special. It tasted (deliciously) like liquified mint chocolate chip ice cream! Apparently their regular milkshakes are great as well. (Milkshakes are great in general and I've never been disappointed by a vegan one.)

I haven't had their food in a while but always loved the udon noodle salad, chicken fingers, and their burger. Everything I've tried has been done well though, so it's not so much what I prefer as just what I've tried. Usually I find something I like and just order it to death (like the udon noodle salad!) 

Anyway, another great vegan spot in Philly that's satisfying to meat eaters and veggies alike!
This place is AMAZING and I'm not even vegan or vegetarian!  I like to eat meat but came here at a friend's recommendation.  Ziggy burger, Philly steak, Classic veg burger (prefer Ziggy though), Sweet potato fries, and don't even get me started on the Vanilla ice cream milkshake!  I'm DEFINITELY coming back here the next time I'm in Philly!
PROS: Definitely tasty and hip and veggie-friendly
CONS: Definitely pricy too

I really like the food and concept. However, I think it's a bit too pricy for what it is. I guess its central location makes it so.
I have always heard about this place, but never had the opportunity to try it, until today!

The restaurant is set up neat, but very tiny. Not much place to stand while waiting for your food to be ready, it gets cramped very quickly. I ordered the Smokehouse Burger and sweet potato fries.

The burger was actually pretty good. For being plant based, you almost can't even tell! The sweet potato fries were phenomenal!
I really want to love this place!!! So far I have tried the bistro bella and the fajita wrap and was met with a resounding "meh". I am planning to try other things there and promise I will update my review if I love them, because I really REALLY want quick vegetarian food to succeed in this city... it just has to be really good, too! I wish they had daily specials and more tofu on the menu. Pictures of items somewhere would be enormously helpful.
Packed midday, great to see a vegan lunch spot so popular.  Right near Tria.  Tiny tiny tiny though with just a handful of seats.  You might think the corridor leads to a bathroom or another dining room, but you would be wrong on both accounts.  Don't try to walk back there.  They might want to put some sort of sign so you don't feel like an idiot.

I believe the owner formerly worked at Horizons, so that gives you an idea of the quality and creativity of the food, although it is casual lunch fare.

Loved my arugula taco salad with avocado and corn and a cilantro dressing.  His fajita wrap was huge, spicy, and had tons of great savory flavor.  I'd kill to have something like this in my town.  The hot soy chocolate with coconut whipped cream sounded great, but we had no room left.  Banana-based green smoothies looked good too.  Creamy soups are delicious -- I had corn chowder.

Place seems filled with college students -- they know where the good stuff is.  Can't wait to work my way through their menu.  This is what a 21st century burger, soup, salad, and wrap place should be.  When will this trend spread past metro areas?
I thoroughly enjoy this spot. I'm not vegan (sorry love the taste of flesh) but I'm taking part in a church wide fast and this spot always come in mind and handy. Was so stoked and was not disappointed. The classic veg burger is dope along with the sweet potato fries and black bean cilantro dip. Awesome!! Only draw back is I felt that I should called ahead of time or something, took forever to get my meal :(
I was looking for a new place to try around the Philadelphia area and stumbled upon this place one day for lunch.
The place is pretty small with limited seating. It seems most of the people who come in here are picking up to take back to their office. 
The menu was very different for me considering every item on the menu is plant based, no meat! 
I decided on the Bella Bistro burger which is a portobello mushroom on a bun with sprouts, tomato and onion on it. There was also a really good sauce on the burger. 
I really enjoyed the burger even though I'm used to eating meat with every meal. It was a nice change from my usual meals.
I will be back to try something new!
Went today to see what the hype was all about...it was pretty chaotic and crowded but we managed to get in and out relatively quick. There was an employee going around with an iPad to take orders which helped to speed things up, and she was also super helpful with any questions about the menu options. The layout of the place could definitely be better; everyone sort of piles in and creates more of a mosh pit than a line. 

ON TO THE FOOD...I got the veggie burger with avocado. The veggie burger itself wasn't that special, but coupled with all the toppings that came on it, made for a pretty decent sandwich. I sipped on some carrot ginger lemonade which I enjoyed (FYI: it was definitely sweet, and tasted more like lemonade than carrot or ginger, but still really good nonetheless). My friend got the HipCity Ranch sandwich and LOVED every bite. 

The price does add up a bit for fast food...the two sandwiches and a lemonade and iced tea came to around $25 (I mean, we DID add on avocado..). All in all it's a pretty good place to stop in for a quick healthy bite, but I don't see myself becoming a regular.
Loooved it!!! I had "chicken" club, and couldn`t believe it was not chicken. Everything was fresh and delicious. My bf had wrap, which was also fantastic! I would suggest to make some improvements in logistics for them, as there were quite a few people standing around on a tiny kitchen, not doing anything. I got my order in somewhat reasonable time, but could have gotten it three times faster if the kitchen stuff was organized better. Must visit vegan place though!
The people who work here are super friendly and the food came out before I was able to refresh my Facebook page.  The place is mostly takeout with a few tables for eating in and the decor is stylish with bright green high back booths, clear stools and lots of gerber daisies.  

I came here 2 days in a row because it was on my way home, I was feeling lazy and wanted to eat something healthy.  The first day I came in I got the udon noodle salad and the green lemonade.  The salad was delicious, but it came with arugula which I hate, and it wasn't listed anywhere in the description.  The green lemonade with kale juice and agave necter was delicious and refreshing and not too sweet.  The 2nd day I decided to try the jerk ceasar salad.  The salad was a little boring and the jerk chick'n pieces were kind of bland.  It was basically like morningstar fake chicken thrown over some romaine lettuce leaves with some 'crispy plantains' which I thought would be real plantains, not 2 plantain chips.  The creamy island spiced dressing that came with the salad was awesome.  If they sold that in bottles I would definitely get some.  The groothie smoothie was also pretty good with apples, bananas, and unidentified 'leafy greens.' 

Next time I'll have to try the hipcity ranch sandwich which I hear is like fake fried chicken and is delicious..  Overall, the place is definitely a vast improvement from the not so good food and bitchy service of the former Pad Thai Shak.
OMG I WENT TO HIPCITYVEG THIS WEEK.

I had heard about the lines, so I stopped by just before 11am and there was no line! It was very fresh, bright, clean, and small inside. I adore the decor, menu, and branding. Great work guys.

Anyway, I eagerly placed an order for the Ziggy Burger (lettuce, tomato, onion, smoked tempeh, and special sauce) and the Green Lemonade (lemonade with kale juice and lightly sweetened with raw organic agave nectar). My order was taken on an iPad by a friendly enough worker. This totaled around $12.50 I believe.

I waited between 5 and 10 minutes, definitely closer to 5, for my food. Now, I must mention that I am not vegan, but the burger was pretty great. I tried a bit of my bf's Philly Steak, and I think I'm going to get that next time! Both delicious. As for the Green Lemonade, I would come back for that alone - so refreshing!

It seems natural to want to try all of the burgers & sandwiches on the menu. I'm so happy this place exists, and happy to see a bit of an influx in fresh (but not overpriced) eating in Center City.

I will SO be back. Thanks for being here, HipCityVeg. You've even inspired me to change my headline (even if it doesn't have the same ring to it).
Seriously good veggie burgers (Classic Veg Burger and Ziggy Burger -- made with smoked tempeh and special sauce)

Vegan fast food that tastes wayy better than any fast food I had before I made the switch.
I'm a meat eater and I was blown away by the food here.

I'm pretty laid back when it comes to choosing places to eat, so I decided to find a place to suit my vegetarian friend. HipCityVeg was near the top of the list, conveniently located, and open later than lots of other places. Plus, they boast burgers. Sold.

This cute little shop seats about 18, and focuses mainly on vegetarian burgers/sandwiches or salads. There are also a few sweet items for dessert. The menu is relatively small, but perfect.

I ordered the Ziggy burger which consisted of smoked Tempeh (not too sure what that was..) and special sauce. It also had onions and what I believe was vegetarian bacon. The burger was served on a soft multigrain bun and was cooked perfectly. The tempeh was moist, the bacon added a little saltiness, and the sauce added a nice herbed flavor that made the whole thing harmoniously delicious. I scarfed that thing so fast, but not faster than my veggie friend who barely took a breath to talk to me while eating hers. 

Also: Those sweet potato fries!! How do they make them so well?! They tasted freshly cut, not frozen, fried to perfection, and salted just slightly. They were so simple yet so damn good. I wasn't even hungry anymore and I kept eating them! Ugh. I even talked to the people working there, raving about them. Lame, I know. They're served with a cilantro black-bean dip that I was mistakenly pouring on my burger, thinking that was what it was for. Oops. The dip goes perfectly with the fries; it's creamy, the cilantro adds a subtle fresh, herb flavor, but I couldn't really identify the black bean aspect of the sauce. Overall, great anyway. 

Lastly, I couldn't leave without a sweet treat, and the Five Dollar Shake was calling my name. They come in vanilla, chocolate, and orange creamsicle, but I opted for chocolate. It was a great decision, and I can honestly say, out of all the milkshakes I've have in my life (lots), I've never had one quite like this. I'm fairly certain there was no dairy in it, but rather a base of almond milk, since there was a nuttiness to the flavor. The drink tasted like a blended up chocolate cake, and I doubt there is any other place that hits this kind of flavor profile that HipCityVeg does with this shake. Get it. You will not regret it. 

Bonus points: Great, quick service and compostable packaging.
I had a fantastic meal here. I was blown away by the deliciousness of everything that I ordered. I had the Hip City Ranch Burger with a "Groothie" (AKA Green Smoothie). The burger was great. The wheat bun was delicious, and the lettuce and tomato were fresh and crisp. The chicken tasted so real that I kept having that guilty feeling that us vegan/vegetarians have when eating meat - but I wasn't eating meat. It was tricking my brain. I even picked off a piece that I thought was "fat", but then realized that that was impossible because it's just tofu. They have completely nailed the texture, juiciness and flavor of chicken! Amazing.

I will be back again and again because the service was friendly and fast, and the food was mind-blowingly delicious. Even my non-vegan husband couldn't get enough. It will be even more awesome in the summer-time, when it's not freezing cold outside and we can actually take our burgers to go! Looking forward to trying more of their menu, including the sweet potato fries!
There are a million places in the city I can get an awesome, homemade, fresh veggie burger. This is not one of them. I swear the patty on the classic veggie burger is a Boca burger from the freezer section of any grocery store.
I have to say I'm really disappointed. I was so excited to try this place although the menu wasn't the most appealing to me. There are so many other great, healthy vegetarian foods out there that I don't understand why they aren't on the menu. But my sister and I tried it the other day and ordered a few veggie burgers and didn't like them at all. They tasted like bad-imitation meat rather than a good veggie burger. The taste was just odd - I thought it might just be me but she didn't like it either. She has been a vegetarian for years and it was probably her least favorite. The whole approach to this place (other than some salads) appears to be an imitation-meat thing, rather than creative new dishes using fruits, veggies, greens, grains, beans etc. Not my taste at all, bummer.
The 3 O's. Over-priced, over-hyped, and over-rated. The "ranch" was far too gelatinous, the sweet potato fries were soft, and the Hip City Ranch was just not doing it for me. The mock chicken itself was pretty good, but the sum of its parts was just an expensive failure.
Are you one of these people who think Vegan food is pretty much just tree bark, some nuts and a stomach full of air? Well you sir (or madam) are wrong! Vegan foods are delicious and can be filling. Filling you say? YES!

I had heard of this place awhile back but recently decided to hit them up to see what was what. I got the Classic Veg Burger and the Asian salad. I even was persuaded to try a ginger/carrot lemonade.

First off, the Asian side salad alone, is reason enough to go. Its delicious and has a light dressing on top which compliments it perfectly. 

The lemonade and burger were also great, and the paper ware and wrappers are all compostable so in case you care about Mother Nature, you can cut her a break.

The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars is because, while the burger itself is great, its a little above Morningstar Farms Griller quality. In fact it taste sort of like a Griller, just not as crispy.

Meh- Good either way!
As someone who works a few blocks over on Market Street always looking for a quick grab-and-go lunch, I highly recommend this place in terms of both efficiency and deliciousness! 

My personal favorite is the Fajita Wrap (battered chick'n, lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles & peppercorn ranch for $8.50). Personally, I like my portions big and am not vegetarian so was a little wary of ordering a wrap at a vegetarian place. However, this wrap packed a punch, didn't taste as "healthy" as it was, and filled me up nicely! The fillings were flavorful and it tasted like real chicken. 

Besides the quality of the food, I really appreciate how I am always served in a timely manner even when there is a line practically out the door during the lunch rush on weekdays. When the line gets long, an employee walks the line with an iPad and completes your order to send to the kitchen while you're waiting. The cashier then pulls each person's information in order as they reach the register and completes payment pretty quickly. Gotta love efficiency!
How do I love thee, HipCityVeg? Let me count the ways.

First of all, adorable space, conveniently located, I met a friend of mine there who I've known for 3 years via blogging/twitter/facebook. First time we met in real life...not the last. Also, probably not the last time you'll catch us both lunching at HipCityVeg!

And of course, the food, omg the food:

I don't even have words for the chocolate shake. Oohhhhh the chocolate shake. I can't stop thinking about it 4 days later! I also can't stop thinking about the Philly Steak. Word is, it's the best vegan Philly IN Philly...I don't have anything to compare it to (yet), but that seems pretty accurate to me. The sweet potato fries were also phenomenal.

I can't wait to eat there again. Counting the days until my return to Philly in November!
I didn't think that it was possible to gorge oneself on vegan food...until I came here.  Due to the earlier massive consumption of cake truffles and cookies, we decided to go with a lighter dinner.  What we didn't realize was that the tasty albeit light and healthy food would cause us to consume more than we had originally planned to. 

Some highlights:
1. tofu curry wrap: savory with a creamy bean puree and plenty of alfafa sprouts and a hint of cucumber raita, which gave it a nice, refreshing touch
2. crispy hipcity ranch:  so delish!  it actually tastes like fried chicken burger with a great creamy ranch sauce.  my fav item here.
3. jerk chicken salad:  pretty tasty but it's not exactly authentic jerk chicken.  the thousand island dressing was good, though, and the plantains were nice and crispy.  
4.  sweet potato fries: crispy, fresh, and hot.  no further comments needed.  just go and get yourself some.
5. banana whip: dare i say it?  it tastes almost like ice cream but is a lot healthier!  we got ours plain but you can add toppings, too.
6. groothie:  besides having an awesome name, it's a very tasty smoothie made of apples, greens, bananas, kiwi, and pineapple.

The consensus?  The vegan food here is GOOD, healthy, and very filling.  Def. stop by and give them a try.  Staff are very helpful and friendly, to, which certainly doesn't hurt.
After about a year of not really liking this place that much, I have totally changed my mind.  I now crave it at least once per week.  The problems was, I was ordering the wrong thing!  The curry tofu wrap remains gross and unsatisfying.  But I LOVE the ziggy burger (no sauce) instead I get a side of the black bean dip to put on top.  Perfection.  This along with half an order of fries is my favorite!  

One star taken off for:
- A burger doesn't quite fill you up, but a whole order of the fries is too much.  I wish they offered half portions with a sandwich for $2.  Speaking of the sides, they are all pricey and it adds up.  Their salads don't consist of much and aren't worth the price at all.
-I still hate the name Groothie.  Gross.
-Their delivery orders are sometimes messed up.  I have gotten the complete wrong order in the past.  I called TWICE to complain, the manager said he'd send me some type of coupon to compensate.  He lied.  Even though I called the 2nd time to remind him, he totally never sent it.  Also in the past I have had missing items from the delivery orders.
-Cash only delivery - is this 1998?

Try the ziggy burger though, you'll become hooked.  There is just something about that fake bacon on top.
This place totally meets the hype! I tried their crispy hipcity ranch chicken sandwich, the Philly steak, the Mediterranean salad, the banana nice cream and the current specials: BBQ burger and the strawberry shake. Everything was amazing!! The crispy chicken sandwich and Philly steak were my favorite and the strawberry shake was incredible.
Though I primarily self-identify as a pizzatarian, I'll cop to eating my fair share of meat, non-meat, and everything in between (....I don't know what's in between, but I've probably eaten it). So I don't come to HipCityVeg because I'm a Veg. And, while I do live in the city, if you've heard my vast array of dad jokes, you can attest that I'm a lot of things... but Hip isn't one of them. 

I come for one thing, and one thing only: the sweet potato fries. Served with a black bean cilantro dip, these are the fries of my dreams. Crispy, with a few floppers in there, full of flavor, and that dip.... I could just bathe in it. And then, you know, eat it.

Generally speaking, I steer clear of faux-meat options, but from what I've gathered, HCV has them in abundance. And, allegedly, they're delicious. But when I'm going plant-based for whatever reason, I prefer to just stick with the plants. Enter: the arugula taco salad. Chock-full of avocado, black beans, corn, and (YES) cilantro dressing, this salad has won me over. And while I come for the sweet potato fries, I find myself returning for a groothie now and then. A relatively affordable way to "treat yo'self" that's a whole lot healthier than that giant cup of froyo I'm always tempted to devour, while also being able to satisfy a sweet tooth.

The cost sometimes has me balking, but HCV is a nice spot to splurge a little on something healthy, tasty, and filling.It's often crowded, but it moves fast because folks can't sit around noshing too much (limited space, go eat in the park!) Save your froyo money for the week, and nab some taters and a groothie.... You'll be coming back for more.
I love good vegetarian food.  It is satisfying, and makes me feel good inside.  Additionally, I get full, but not so full I want to burst.  Lastly, if done right, vegetarian food can carry a wonderful flavor.  As a life long vegetarian, I have had food of all range of quality in my experiences. Hip City Veg is one of the great vegetarian meals available in Philly. I am smitten, and can't wait to work my way through the menu.  

First of all, the place is small. So don't plan on eating here during peak hours, unless you are willing to wait for a table.  The service was quick despite the number of people there.  I tried the udon noodle salad (which was DELICIOUS), and the sweet potato fries (which I loved hands down).  My friends tried one of the burgers and found it delicious as well.  

I can't wait to go back and try more of their menu! I wish their space was larger!!!
Love coming here for their "banana whip!" It's purely made of banana that they whip so hard that it turns into icecream consistency. You can get all sorts of add-ins - my favorite is to get chocolate chips! Each portion is huge. Basically guilt-free icecream. Perfect for a hot day or just a refreshing snack! Great service at this location.
DELICIOUS!
If you are craving a healthy meal that actually has tons of flavor this is the place to go. I recommend all of the salad on the menu, but in particular the Taco Arugula Salad that got rated Best of Philly 2012. The peppery arugula pairs so well with the creamy cilantro dressing not to mention the salsa, corn, and black beans as well! Its a a taste bud adventure!
If you are in the mood for a sandwich get the Hip City Ranch but ON A WRAP. It makes for one of the best wrap sandwiches I have ever had. You won't believe that the chicken is actually tofu! And the pickles spread out throughout the sandwich are a delicious surprise. 
Always look for the soup/chili winter specials at the front counter. They can be easy to miss! 
Also, be sure to order the Groothie! Pricey but worth it. One of the best smoothies I've ever had and its loaded up with green veggies
I should not have to wait 15 minutes for a sandwich when there are only 1-2 other people in the place.

So I ordered the Bistro Bella. I expected a nice big portabella cap, a roll, the usual. First of all, they messed up my order (I heard the girl saying "no guys! It's a bistro!" and they started it all over). Then the manager said that it was taking a long time because they have to sautee it. 

Once I get it, i realize it's a hoagie roll. So I asked them why its not a roll? And their answer was that they wanted me to get less dough and it would be tastier. Except a hoagie is probably at least 2x more dough... weird.

Once I open the sandwich, I realize it's mini mushrooms (not portabella cap), greasy spinach, a few tomato slices. It's pretty gross. And I can't believe I paid more than $9 for this.
Summary: don't order any of the salads and don't expect a restroom to be available to you even thought you're a patron and sitting to eat. 

Food: I've tried the burgers before and they're great and filling. Recently, I tried the taco salad. It's basically a little container of argula. Meat fills you up and it goes without saying that vegetarian dishes need to compensate with vegetables to assure patrons aren't leaving hungry. The salad was small. Vegetables scarce. Smallest portion of avocado I've ever seen for a $9.13 salad. Complete waste of money. 

Bathroom policy: ridiculous. I wasn't able to use their restroom because it's "private" - their explanation "it's a take out service restaurant". Given that they have seating available and people do choose to sit and eat there all the time, it's clearly not solely a take out restaurant. Their policy not to allow patrons to use the restrooms is absurd and a bad policy.
Vegans, Rittenhouse housewives(nannies) and Hip business people Unite ! 
Lunch time here is a cluster (you know what) but if your lucky enough to score a coveted table then dine in instead of rushing back to your desk. The menu is all vegan friendly and offers some great options that i sometimes need clarification on but since i havent had a bad meal yet Im on board with whats happening here even if it is a little pricey.

I always seem to have food envy of Callan W when we come on our lunch dates here. I use her guidance when making my choices and then i order something different and wish i had of gotten what she got. UGH its so frustrating!

My first time here i got the taco salad, i expected more than just greens avocados and dressing  maybe a little faux meat crumble but the salad was good none the less and i left full.The fajita wrap was my next choice and everything worked for me with the exception of the chipoltle crema, my tatsebuds did not like it at all. After having a bite of the Udon noodle salad i now know what must be done for my next lunch. Oh but wait the hipcity ranch tastes like Chic fa le's original sandwich (minus the bird) so now im confused yet again about what to order. 

There are 2 reasons i cant give 5 stars The price point seems fair for some options but then cray cray for others. The dessert selections are missing for me i cant get on board with vegan and gluten free options i need butter, sugar and all of the things everyone hates on but secretly loves  however the banana whips are next on my sort list once it gets warmer out.
i've never been into vegetarian/vegan restaurants but wow.  i am a FAN of hipcityveg.  i have been here 3 times in the past week.  wow is that right?  yeah!  3 times!  

green lemonade - not bad, refreshing but i don't want to pay that much for a drink.
udon noodle salad - my favorite thing on the menu.  it is delicious, get it and you won't regret it.
ziggy burger - i think its the veg burger w/ "fake bacon" layered on.  this was super tasty
philly cheesesteak - this was tasty, prob won't get it again though
crispy ranch/chkn sandwich - also delicious!  but next time i'll ask for sauce on the side.
curry tofu wrap - omg that bean paste was a surprise in my mouth and i loved it!  delicious wrap
sweet potato fries/cilantro bean dip - other reviewers are right, the bean dip doesn't do much for the fries.  it would taste good on other things though.  prob won't get these again.

i'd come back for the udon noodle salad, crispy chkn sandwich, and curry tofu wrap!

if they add a restroom for customers that would be even more awesome
Excellent lunch-time fare - but man, oh, man the crowds at 12:45 are just CRAZY.
Meanwhile our order came quickly and the gals up front and hard working gals and guys in the back really know how to WORK IT.

Excellent Customer service.
Great Food. - I have the Udon Salad and a Green Lemonade.

I'll be back - and SOON!  (But next time at 11:30 or 11:45 - I can't deal with the crowds.
Not too impressed, as a former vegetarian and mostly veg now. I see the excitement about the faux-meat fast food concept, but...it's something I would have gotten excited about in high school, not now as an educated foodie.

I ordered the curry tofu wrap (I used to order curry tofu at the shack..nostalgia!), but the tofu/curry sauce was not very curry-like and extremely salty. Extremely salty. I kept having to dip into the mayo-like sauce they gave with it (which was bland, thank goodness).  Which means that my meal may have been vegan, but was not healthy. too much hydrogenated oil to make it like mayo/cream sauce... not worth it.  

I might go back to try the udon salad. But I am not getting that tofu wrap again; gross. I only ate it all because I was so hungry, but I've got eaters' remorse.

I would say that this is great for the vegan/vegetarian who also likes compact-vegan-frozen-meals-for-one, but perhaps not someone who is looking for healthful, simply nutritious food.
HIpCityVedge is vegan fast food.  The McDonalds for the health conscious.  I think that HIpCity is very progressive with what they did here and see this type of place succeeding around the US down the road.  

First off, this is an amazing location.  Right in the middle of Rittenhouse and so close to the park that you could just walk your goodies down the street and have a picnic.  Sadly, it's freezing right now so I was inside.  

I haven't been in a while but we shared the Tofu Curry Wrap and the Chicken Sandwich.  Mock meat can be really bad, but this chicken sandwich is the real deal.  The tofu is marinated perfectly.  

Some vegan spots are too "weird" for the average person and while I enjoy them, I know that this is a mainstream place for everyone to try.  Bring a meat eater here and they'll leave pleased.  This is comparable to blackbird but more "burger" driven than pizza driven.  Excellent, I'll be back.
Honestly so grateful for a fast food vegetarian place that doesn't break the bank! The food is great, the inside is adorable, but only enough seating for 6-8 people at most. The Classic Veg Burger is delicious - a little strong on the Dijon mustard but obviously everyone has their own opinion. 

The space is too small during peak hours, and everyone is crowded around the cashier/pickup area and it's hard to determine who is line to order and who is waiting for their food. Another small complaint is the waiting time. Perhaps it's because I'm on my feet all day, but standing around waiting for the food is draining and irritating. Luckily, the food is worth it, but still. 

All in all, this place is a must-go-to for anyone vegan or vegetarian, or someone hankering for an Udon Noodle Salad.
HipCityVeg is my vegan boyfriend's to-go place for food. We seem to be here all the time. He gets the Crispy HipCity Ranch with buffalo and the Kale Lemonade. I get the Carrot Ginger Lemonade and whatever I'm in the mood for. The Wizard Burger isn't officially on the menu but it's my favorite. Slaw, a ton of BBQ sauce, avocado, and whatever protein it is (chick'n?)... doesn't matter. it's so good. Also great-- the Ziggy burger and their Taco Salad. I prefer this location over the one on the Broad St because they're more consistent with their drinks. 

However, I wouldn't exactly call HipCityVeg "healthy"... like, ever. Mostly everything is covered in sauce, creams, and dressing (which is 100% ok with the two of us, it's not like we're eating vegan to be healthy.) There's probably a reason why the owner of HipCity still hasn't put out the calorie count for half of the menu and only offered the calorie counts for certain items sans sauce/dressing. But regardless, they've got good vegan fast food that would make some doubt they're eating faux meat.
The prices are ridiculously high and then add in all the charges for Door Dash and you will pay $30 for a smokehouse burger and fries with NO DRINK!!   Really??   I have been a customer for years and never again!
I love hip city veg!!!! My favorite items are the cheese steak, chick'n sandwich, and portobello sandwich. I love the sweet potato fries!!! The lemonades are excellent.
