I don't care what they say, that was chicken on that sandwich lol! I'm kidding, but one taste of their Crispy HipCity Ranch and you will think the same. The food is delicious! I did a 7-day vegetarian challenge last week and found myself seriously craving meat by Day 5. So I figured I 'd finally go and check this place out. I'm glad I did. I went crazy on the menu and ordered all of the favorited items I'd heard about at once, for myself and my family. I ordered the Crispy HipCity Ranch, the Philly Steak, Udon Noodle Salad, Sweet Potato Fries w/ both sauces (the sriracha aioli is out of this world!!!), an orange spice cupcake, a brownie, a chocolate chip cookie, and some Green Lemonade. Everything was very good. The layers of flavor that this place manages to come up with are insane. Regular chicken sandwiches rarely taste that good, how can "fake" ones? Lol 

Clearly, the Hip City Ranch was my fave out of the smorgasbord I ordered, but the steak was great as well. I didn't even realize nothing had cheese on it until I was halfway through it! To me, that speaks volumes about how far this food was buried in "Flavortown" because I don't eat ANY sandwich without cheese.The Udon Noodle Salad was light and tasty, but could've used a bit more dressing in my opinion. My least favorite items were the desserts. The cookie was good, but I didn't enjoy the brownie at all, and the cupcake only mildly. 

I'll definitely return!
For those of us who stand in line at the original, know that its just as good with a lot more room. I should have checked to see if they have a bathroom in which case it would be the better of the two!

A few thoughts:

Love the eyeglasses against the red background, an ode the the intelligence of the Ivy League school blocks away. Reminds me of the advertisement Nick Carraway passes on the train in the Valley of the Ashes in The Great Gatsby.

I had an arugula taco salad. Exactly the same as the original location. If HipCityVeg can get this going consistently they may be on their way to becoming a national chain!

It's Fall and they have a pumpkin shake. Get the pumpkin shake. Absolutely perfect. You won't even try to make a pumpkin dessert this Fall because you can't beat that shake!
Hip City Veg is on the move.  From its original Rittenhouse Square location, it opened up in University City and now has plans for South Broad Street and Washington D.C.  This is a successful fast food vegan establishment, yet it is not my favorite,  In an increasingly crowded market of health fast-food dining options in Philadelphia, Hip City Veg does some things well and other things not so well.  I do like their Udon noodle salad but in my mind there is much too much arugula and too little of the other tasty ingredients be they peanuts, chicken substitute, daikon, scallions or even udon itself. for the price. It would more accurately be named an arugula salad.  There are absolutely no condiments out for people to use.  Aww c'mon guys!  I did ask and received a little Sriracha sauce to spice it up a bit.  The sweet potato fries are good but again the portion is small in relation to the price in my opinion. There is free water which is nice to have.  At the University City location the staff are friendly and it's kept clean.
Get here before the hoards of students take it over! For now, apparently, the secret is not out, and this place seems to be having a relatively quiet opening week. But once news spreads that you can have your cake (fast food) and eat it too (cuz it's plant-based), I'm sure the lines will wrap around the block much like the Rittenhouse location.

I ordered the Udon Noodle salad. Forgot to ask for the dressing on the side, but oh well, it was a bit on the oily side, but super delicious. More noodle than salad, but definitely decadent and yummy. I really love the tasty marinated chick'n on top. They don't have the Level Up thing set up yet, but hopefully that's coming soon.

This new location means I can hit it up easily on my lunch break. Dangerous but wonderful. More and more vegan options come to University City and I'm not one to complain!
I'm echoing many reviewers here, when I say to you that I think that this location of HipCityVeg wins the day with its relaxing space and plenty o' seating. See, I always feel like a moose woman in a china shop anyway, or I'm carrying a huge bag that I'm trying not to hit into people with, or I just generally have some other ridiculous issue where a tiny shop can gimme a panic. So, the point is: ahhhh spread out a little. It's the same delicious vegan fast food stylins and salads from your original HipCityVeg; now with more leg room. 

Also, here's another thing, a sidenote to all this limited seating talk. I love the hell outta that udon salad, but I'm one of these people who seem to take forever to eat a damn salad. I have felt much anxiety, self-consciously imagining that those waiting to score my seat are hissing at me in their minds, "Jeeeeezus, just will this one just take it to go already." Neuroses. So you understand what I'm saying. You can at salads at your leisure, or enjoy sweet potato fries and crispy, crispy nuggets at their peak crispiness. Or both. Makes such a difference, I tell you: a lil extra space and maximum crispiness.

Speaking of making a difference- when they take the time to griddle a little char onto that seitan in the udon salad, I love that. It really gives the protein that grilly somethin somethin. I love it that this arrugula-y salad it's an actual greens-packed salad with noodles in it, rather than, you know, a bigg asss noodle bowl with some greens fluttered lightly in. Listen, I'm all for extra noodle, but, ya know, sometimes your trying to do a thing. Anyway, I enjoy this dish, I do, even if it could use a little less dressing at times. I'm not complaining bout that though, really. So tasty.

In closing, I'd like to repeat the announcement that the Crispy HipCity Ranch remains my favorite, favorite. It cures a chicken sandwich yen for me, maybe better than a real bird sandwich, even. I have real HipCityVeg hankerings and I find myself coming up with more reasons to head West to University City. Maybe I should go back and get that masters. Hurrrrhurrrr hurrrffff...
Just a note to parents: this place doesn't have a high chair and seems even a little hostile to those who bring in children. 

I guess I don't begrudge them that. But I think it's worthwhile for other parents to know before trying to take kids here.
Love this place for a quick meal during work. Even though it's vegan, the meat seriously takes like real meat. My 2 favorite are the Philly cheese steak and the crispy ranch chicken sandwich. Don't forget to add a banana whip to your order. It is amazing!
This is the only fast food restaurants I know of in the Philadelphia area that is completely vegan.  Heck, it's one of the few vegetarian ones.  That's what makes it special.  The food isn't mind blowing, but it's pretty tasty, fresh, and fast.  I like this second location much better than the original in center city because there are a lot more tables to dine in at.  Also, parking is pretty easy to find and in some cases free.  

I really enjoy the buffalo "chicken" nuggets with sweet potato fries.  The texture to me is better than actual chicken in my opinion, and the buffalo sauce has a nice little kick to it.  My favorite part is the black bean cilantro sauce that comes with the fries.  It's creamy and super flavorful.  If you love cilantro, it's a must!

The bistro bella sandwich is another item I see myself ordering again soon.  The marinated mushroom is topped with salty olive spread along with artichokes and onions.  It's fresh and not heavy at all.

My only complaint is that the prices are a bit steep.  If you get a sandwich, fries and a drink, you'll easily be around $15 a person pre-tax, which is a lot for fast food.  However, when I'm craving this type of food, it's a price I'm willing to pay.  I would visit more often though if the prices got knocked down a bit.  

Stay away from most of the drinks.  Last time I ordered the green tea, it was good, but the small cup wasn't anywhere near full and it cost $2.50.  The lemonade with carrot and ginger is very bland, and also not worth the $3.
In town on business, and I always search out vegan places.  This place did not disappoint!  Everything about this place is fantastic.   The food was AMAZING!   I had the Philly steak and it was sooo good.....the flavor, the texture, the presentation....all spot on!  I was really nervous that it was real meat....but it wasn't.    That's how amazing it was!   Would HIGHLY recommend this place (and I'm a very picky eater.   Ha).
I never knew the Vegan life can taste oh so good! I experienced that moment yesterday when I decided to go to HipCityVeg for lunch! 

Once I arrived I noticed that the store had a good amount of people that was dining in as well as ordering out. The menu had a good amount of healthy vegan food options to choose from. I decided to get the Ziggy burger and the banana whip. 

The Ziggy burger was so delicious and the buger was huge! I didn't think I was gonna eat it all at once but it was so good that I couldn't help myself! The organic smoked tempeh was flavorful and it didn't even taste vegan, it also came with fresh veggies and a special sauce that was also delicious! It was love at first bite!

The banana whip was also tasty and it was simply fresh bananas that was placed in a blinder. It came out tasting like ice cream, a healthy ice cream! They also gave you the option to put brownies on top of the banana whip.

Overall I'm definitely a fan of HipCityVeg, I love that this restaurant promotes a healthy lifestyle by serving good quality food that's  all organic and plant based. HipCityVeg thanks for making our world a better place!
Found this relatively new place, thanks to you helpful Philly Yelpers, thanks! 

The place has a clean, simple look, with a long communal table in the middle and two seaters on each side. Step up to the counter to view the menu of vegetarian options, and the drinks menu is to the right of the cashier. 

The Udon Noodle Salad was good. It's seared spicy tofu chicken ("toficken"?) served with Udon noodles with Arugla. At first glance, I thought "I should get some Sriracha for this", but the toficken itself was seasoned well enough that no additional seasoning was needed! It was also probably the healthiest thing I ate on my weekend trip to Philly.

I got a Carrot Ginger lemonade and wasn't wowed by it. I got kinda jealous of the people walking out with Green Smoothies "Groothies" and the "Five Dollar Shake" looked really good too. I love HipCityVeg and now this and the Rittenhouse Square location are on my radar for when I return!
this review is for the second hipcityveg location, the one in university city.

the items i've tried on the university city menu (the fajita wrap & crispy hipcity ranch) seem identical to the ones in rittenhouse. and by jesus, i hope they continue this trend and become the vegan answer to mcdonalds, with hipcity consistency around the globe.

can you imagine, 30,000 hipcityveg's around the world, on every corner, in every podunk town - just like the golden arches? i can. yes i can. you know why? because i dream big. and because HCV is GOOD. i want to see them get so big they're able to offer a vegan dollar menu. 

i want to see hipcityveg in the hood. i wanna see 30 hipcityveg's in midtown manhattan. i want to know that i can get a groothie should i ever find myself in dubai.

back to this location: they have not one, but TWO restrooms, and tons of seating, which more than makes up for the lack of either at the rittenhouse square park location. but speaking of parks, you have an equally pleasant park right across the street from this outpost - locust walk. plenty of benches, trees, grass, people, pigeons, dogs... just like rittenhouse.

and here's a tip when ordering: add smoked tempeh to your crispy hipcity ranch for even more gluttonous (but plant-based) awesomeness. maybe someday they'll name it after me, and i can share in the spotlight of the hipcity dynasty.
Disclaimer: I am not a vegetarian. But, needless to say, I am not anti vegetarian. In fact, whenever I here really good things about a vegetarian spot, I get curious. And, that's exactly what happened with HipCityVeg. The word on the street is that this is a banging Vegan friendly spot, with the fake meat products.

After wanting to go for quite some time, I was finally able to make a lunch date with my wife. I was pretty pumped to finally be checking this spot out.

I got the Crispy Hipcity Ranch, a fake chicken and ranch sandwich. My wife got the Fajita Wrap. We shared some sweet potato fries. We each got a Green Lemonade, the green part is organic kale juice. And, we got two cupcakes, a vanilla raspberry one and a cappuccino one.

First off, the Crispy Hipcity Ranch was banging. Make no mistake, it was obvious that it was not chicken, which is probably for the best. But what it was truly was awesome. It was crispy and bursting with flavor. The moistness came through with each bite. So good.

The sweet potato fries were just perfect. So tasty, and cooked to perfection.

The Green Lemonade was tasty as well, but probably not worth the three bucks. I'm glad I got it, but not sure I'd get it again.

My wife really liked her Fajita Wrap.

I have no idea how they did it, but the cupcakes (Vegan cupcakes!) were almost as good as any other cupcake I've had. I could not tell that the cream had no dairy in it. If I was not so trusting, I'd call shenanigans. But I trust them and think they are just that good at what they do.

The true measure of a vegetarian or vegan place is if a meat eater like myself enjoys the food.
I was skeptical for so long, but I've embraced the hip city.

Faves: Tofu wrap, pretty much any salad (they put a lot of stuff on it, so worth it), and the sweet potato fries.

The U City location seems like a perfect fit for HCV's style, their decor and brand fits right in with the Penn ladies who eat salad for every meal. Plus, I went on the weekend, and ordering/line was no big deal. 

Unlike the Rittenhouse location, this one has lots of seating, so if you're pondering one or the other to visit, I might lean towards this one since you can sit down/not awkwardly find somewhere to stand while waiting for your food.
Hip City Veg made some big changes a few weeks ago. The cilantro black bean dipping sauce was my main reason for going there. Let's face it, sweet potato fries are tasty, but they can never match the crispiness factor of fries formed from regular potatoes.  There, the sauce added something extra. It was so good I could have drank it. Now it's gone and replaced with a self-serve sauce bar of boring condiments. The house sauce tastes like a weak honey mustard and the organic ketchup tastes like ketchup. There also is a Siracusa aioli if you're into that. 

Not only is the precious sauce gone, but the fry portion is so much smaller and still around $5. I wanted smaller portion options, but not at the large size prices! I just can't justify this anymore. The food is good and the staff is friendly but it's still fast food and not worth these prices.
I adore Philadelphia's vegan food scene, so I was really excited to try the new HipCityVeg, conveniently (for me) located on Penn's campus--and it did not disappoint!!
I actually have very indifferent feelings towards the Rittenhouse HCV (everything there for me has been good but not FANTASTIC,) so I was expecting the same 'okay' quality. Walking in, the UCity location has a much nicer interior with a lot more space for people to sit. It's lush and green and really lovely inside, and, like the other HCV, you order at the front and the waitstaff will bring your order to you. 
I ordered the Crispy HipCity Ranch--a staple at the Rittenhouse location--to see how it would compare.
It was WAY BETTER than the Crispy HipCity Ranches I've had at the other location! The 'chick'n' was indeed crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside, the vegetables were fresh, the ranch sauce super flavorful, and the bread soft and very good at bringing everything together. I went during opening week, so the sandwich was put together a bit weirdly (everything fell apart immediately,) but it was still absolutely delicious. My friends ordered the Bistro Bella and Philly Steak and they loved their meals as well. We wanted to order a groothie or another drink / side, but they were incredibly overpriced, so we passed. The service was a bit awkward and HCV was clearly overstaffed for the number of people actually eating there, but we still had a good experience.
Overall! This HipCityVeg is a welcome addition to the UCity food community, if you can afford it (I need to not go there every week and blow my bank account...). It's more spacious and, as of right now, has better quality food than the Rittenhouse location. Hopefully the waitstaff will become less awkward and the service will improve a little bit to make it even better!
Holla at my fellow carnivores! This place is actually worth trying, especially if you're visiting University City. My best friend convinced me to eat here on the night I landed in Philly--preying on my post-flight starvation and tiredness--and I acquiesced despite my usual preference for protein over vegetarian food (especially in desperate times). 

The Crispy Hipcity Ranch was flavorful, filling, and dare I say - very successful imitation meat (chicken patty). While my criteria for good vegetarian food is not that it must incorporate, imitate, or resemble meat in any form, I'm surprised at how apt the chik'n tasted and looked (I can only imagine how processed the soy must be to reach that level!). The 'crispy batter' was a breadcrumb-less, thick, flour + spice mix coating around the patty. I also loved the peppercorn ranch sauce because it added a spicy touch.

Not the 'healthiest' veggie option on the menu but at least the meat-lover within me was satisfied and happy. If I visit again, I'd be down to try the non-imitation veggie food such as the portabella mushroom Bella options.
Delicious vegan "fast-food". Hip city veg where have you been all my life?
I have had the Philly cheese steak, the tofu curry wrap, and the burger. The quality of all the food is just wonderful and I love the whole-foods plant based concept.

If you are to get one thing, get the Philly cheese steak. The mushrooms are incredibly flavorful and "meaty". I also enjoyed the sweet potato fries. Look forward to trying a milkshake in the future!

This location has a lot of seating and great ambiance.
Big fans of this place. This location has been our favorite. More room to sit and a little less hectic. The food is simply amazing vegan deliciousness. Had the Ziggy Burger and the Crispy HipCity Ranch "chicken" sandwich. Finished with a vanilla milkshake and we'll be back!!
So after seeing so many posts about this place I finally decided to give it a try. 

Initially walking in it was pretty clean (which is a rarity in west philly might I add).  

Now, Im not a vegan but Ill eat anything that wont get up and crawl off my plate so I was down to try whatever off the menu.

I got the jerk chick'n caesar salad and a chocolate milkshake (made with soy icecream). 

There was these weird water cress type cubes in the salad (I have no idea what they were). The fake chicken I just couldnt get passed. It tasted like grilled rubber. And I wanna just say that those of you reading this that think eating vegan is healthier, youre wrong. There are so many vegan products out there that are so over processed and gross. I.e the "chicken" on this salad. 

The soy milkshake had me excited since I am allergic to dairy. But for some odd reason I did get a stomachache after this shake. Perhaps I have a soy allergy too? Who knows. 

It was also a bit expensive here. I paid about $16 for a salad and a shake. 

Hate to say it, but I probably wont be going back here.
How is it that so much time has passed without writing a review for one of my favorite spots in University City, the latest location for vegan hipster goodness, Hip City Veg? 

They have salads, they have sandwiches, they have French fries and desserts galore. It's fast food for a new generation. No animal products, no bad attitudes, just smiles and green plants on the wall and a sign that says "You're beautiful." Talk about positivity. 

I especially love the Udon noodle salad - coming in at a modest 480 calories, it's filling, flavorful and leaves you without a twinge of regret. Boyfriend loves the crispy chick'n ranch sandwich, which pairs oh so nicely with the sweet potato fries and spicy aioli. (I mean, we actually share the fries- who am I kidding?) I love their banana whips for dessert, with crumbled cookies on top. Sometimes I stop by just for a whip when others want Ben and Jerry's, which is just next door. 

You know what else is great about this place? WiFi. I came here to lunch and work for a few hours when I was a freelancer and it is a truly pleasant place to hang out. 

This is really a great spot, and a vegan restaurant you can enjoy as a meat eater. And my brother and his girlfriend, who are vegan, enjoyed it just as much as we do! Much more spacious than the Center City location, this is the one you should try if you've been meaning to. Go on, now. Get there.
HipCityVeg offers an entirely vegan menu. After a long night touring Philadelphia and the UPenn campus, the fast casual restaurant was a solid stop for my healthy food craving. Per my friend's recommendation I ordered the Udon Noodle bowl while my friend ordered the Chipotle Fajita wrap. 

Although I am not vegan or vegetarian, I always enjoy eating (and judging) faux meats. The Udon noodle bowl came with fake chicken which tasted similar to the real thing. The bowl was a good mix of the fake chicken, peanuts, sprouts, scallions and the black bean dressing. 

We ate inside the restaurant which was clean and seemed pretty new. The service was quick and they seemed to do a lot of to-go orders as well.
HipCityVeg is really just okay. I suppose for vegetarians it could be a good option, but it is nothing to write home about, and as a non-vegetarian, I can get better value at other places.

I usually get the portabello burger, which is reasonably good. I wouldn't say it is out of this world, but it is filling, and tasty if you like mushrooms. The fries are also pretty good. Everything is a little bit overpriced though, so if you eat meat, I would walk down the road and go to Bobby's if you're looking for a better value.

I also tried the Udon Noodle Salad, which was extremely bland. I had to bring it home and put hot sauce all over it in order to consume it.
I am a huge carnivore. I cannot imagine life with no meat. I am always flabbergasted when people tell me they are vegetarian or vegan? So when this place opened, I didn't really expect myself to love it.  However, after one visit, I was hooked. It's now my favorite place to visit for lunch. They are also super fast with the orders too - enough time for a 1 hour lunch break. 

My recommendations: Crispy Hip City Ranch, Buffalo Bella, Nuggets and sweet potato fries, udon noodle salad. The cupcakes are super yummy too. They change the flavors from time to time. Last time I was there, they had these fluffy pumpkin cupcakes, filled with  delicious apple chunks.  

Another plus is you can get any of the sandwiches on a salad instead. Also if you don't want any sweet potato fries with the nuggets, you can ask for 7 nuggets instead of 5.

I don't understand how they make it taste so much like meat. I mean yes I can tell it's not meat, but the texture is so similar.  The imitation chicken even have the striations like real chicken do. All their foods are very flavorful. Seriously, how can vegan taste this delicious? After HIpCityVeg, I can see that life as vegetarian/vegan can be pretty good.
I ordered a Philly WITH NO KETCHUP what I got was a Philly with extra ketchup. I ordered take out this is like the 3rd this has happened.
I really do like the concept of HCV. And it will get better... I def choose them over McDonalds any day, but the food just isn't filling...its great tasting and the wait is fair..but its definitely a good alternative to the average on 40th street. 
I wouldn't call HCV vegan trendy...but its on the boarder.
I've never had anything from hipcityveg that was less than amazing! My favorite is the buffalo Bella and the smokehouse burger, but everything on the menu is worth a try. The only downside here is the price - it's around $10 for most items, and they usually try to upsell you extra toppings that cost $1 each. But, as a vegetarian who misses fast food once in a while, hipcityveg hits that craving perfectly, and I'm willing to pay a bit more for their amazing vegan options.
"Just because it's vegan, doesn't mean it's healthy" reported a friend of a friend, and I think he's totally right--in a good way.

On one of the first chilly days of Fall, I was not in the mood to gnaw on a fibrous salad for lunch. I wanted something warm and indulgent--and just vegan and eco-friendly enough for me to bask in a little first-world smug.  So, I got the crispy chick'n sandwich and sweet potato fries; both of these items really just hit the spot.  If you're looking for a healthier meal there are other items to choose from, and honestly, other places to go in the city. However, if you're looking to fill a Chik-fil-a sandwich sized hole in your soul--this may be for you.

Some notes: Sandwich is very good--bun may be a little much and they may be a tad generous with their ranch dressing, but these things are easily amended.

Fries--great--and this was after having to walk it back to my office a half mile away (yes, in the cold). What makes it better are the sauces: siracha aoli (YUM!) and black bean cilantro (yum).

Overall service was really personable and decor was lovely. Yes, it is a little pricey, but most vegan options tend to be..and yes, it relies heavily on faux meats, but keep in mind that sandwich sized hole in your soul.
I can't get enough of the Ziggy Burger, especially now that there is a University City location which means I can pick up an order after work and not have to worry about parking my car in the Rittenhouse neighborhood. If they add delivery - I'll be over the moon as it will mean a better take-out option when at work than Greek Lady. 

I heartily recommend the Ziggy Burger as the tempeh bacon and special sauce just really take the humble veggie burger to a whole new level of delicious. It will also keep you satisfied for hours. Splurge on some sweet potato fries as well for their slaty, tender goodness. I like the black bean cilantro dipping sauce which is a flavorful alternative to ketchup. 

If you're in the mood for something lighter, you can't go wrong with a green smoothie (groothie) or a banana whip. 

The service is ridiculously friendly and the orders are up quickly. I am always promptly greeted and the staff often provide great recommendations regarding menu items if you can't decide. If you're in a hurry, call ahead and your order is sure to be ready when you arrive. 

Compared to the Rittenhouse location this space is huge with seating for everyone! They still compost and recycle so after you satisfy your hunger you can satisfy your conscience as well.

I enjoy this place so much that I feel they should have a frequent buyer punch card for their burgers.
I thought that when this place opened, it would be a go-to quick mean place for me since I am vegetarian & dairy-free (basically vegan). The food itself tastes pretty good! I love especially the jerk chick'n salad, udon noodle salad, the sweet potato fries, the groothie, and the banana whip. Ask for samples of the groothie if you haven't had a green smoothie before or just want to try it out :) The place is so overpriced, though, and the amount of food you're getting (especially in the small-sized salads) is definitely not worth the money. 

The healthiness of the food also seems to be an issue... You would think that HipCity would seem like a really healthy option; however, a lot of their most popular items (Sweet Potato Fries, Crispy HipCity Ranch Burger, Chick'n Nuggets) are fried! Definitely don't just assume that vegan automatically means healthy. While it's a good place to try a couple of times, I can't make HipCity a staple in my life, even if I want to.
It good to know that being a vegan is a option on day for me. HipCityVeg changed my prospective on how vegan food can be delicious and amazing. First time I tried their vegan chicken nuggets I couldn't believe that it wasn't real meat. This sweet potato fries are addictive. They have great food menu from salads, juice, and deserts!! Love their brownies. But expensive but love it. :)
As this is a common sight in the University City neighborhood, I thought it high time to try this place out. I ordered the Bistro Bella which successfully combined the very distinct flavors of artichokes, olives and red onions into an ultimately tasty sandwich. The venue is a little loud which is to be expected given it is fashioned as a "fast food" style place, albeit with lots of green plants as decorations. Indeed the food was prepared quite quickly. While I can't complain about the price ($9 for a sandwich) considering that they source organic, local, etc ingredients, it is worth being aware of.
I wish that this place wasn't totally soy/fake meat/veggie burger based. I count three non-soy main items on the menu, and two are portobello burgers. As a longtime vegetarian, I've had a lifetime's worth of veggie burgers, since they're often the only vegetarian item on a menu. Plus the thousands of Morningstar burgers I've made at home. So if I have any sort of choice, a veggie burger is the last thing I'd pay to get while eating out. Same goes for other fake meat products, since I survived off them before I learned how to cook. I really wish they had a few more meals that were simply veggies, rice, and/or beans. 

As a result, despite being a vegetarian and living nearby I've only been here twice in two years. The first time I got the Ziggy burger, which was good but felt like something I could make at home. The second, I got the fajita wrap, which was tastier. I probably won't go back for a while though.
Never in a million years would I ever think of eating anything vegan... let alone love it! But BAY-BEE.... I am a fan! I can't wait to go back! OMG like I absolutely can not believe that the Philly Cheesesteak I ordered was NOT meat! Now I am a realist... and I love beef cheesesteaks. So yes... you will not get the same texture as beef just like you don't get the same texture from a chicken cheesesteak. However, I really can not believe it's NOT meat! The service was phenomenal... and fast! My chocolate milkshake was so good. I don't do dairy... so it was so amazing to finally satisfy that craving! Parking was easy! I'm looking forward to returning and trying more items... I just might become a vegan after this deliciousness today! #ImAFan
A lunch time staple in Ucity! What I love about this location is that there is plenty seating and the decor is very cool. It's casual but comfy with vertical gardens. Lovely. 

My number 1 fave is absolutely the Udon noodle salad. The combo is just awesome between the salty peanuts, arugula, noodles, cabbage and glazed chick'n with a hint of sweetness from the chinnese black bean dressing. Other faves include  the crispy hipcity ranch, the fajita wrap and of course the sweet potato fries. I'm a cilantro black bean dip gal with the fries and it's to die for though the sriracha aioli is also pretty delicious. 

In the summer, I'm all about the groothie as well. It's a perfect way to enjoy lots of fruits and veggies in one delicious smoothie. So refreshing on a hot day! 

Yes the pricing is a bit high but they strive to use all organic and locally sourced ingredients and all of their packaging is compostable so I get it and I'm ok with it. If you enjoy plant based foods, definitely check it out!
Best vegan food I've had! You can't even tell it's vegan. Arugula taco salad and sweet potato fries with black bean sauce are my favorite options. And a chocolate soy milkshake for dessert. Great place for a quick and delicious meal. They even deliver!
What a wonderful establishment! The restaurant is very clean and the staff are very helpful and kind. I ordered the Groothie (and because I had never had it before, the server offered to let me sample it to make sure I would enjoy it!) The sandwiches and wraps are delicious; my personal favorite is the Bistro Bella! The arugula taco salad is another delicious option that I recommend for vegetarians who don't necessarily like tempeh or seitan (like me!)
My sister and I were visiting Philly and two different friends (one pescatarian and the other vegan) recommended us to go to HipCityVeg. Now you have to realize my sister and I eat everything, and we have yet to taste vegan substitutes that can completely imitate meat. That being said, knowing that the ziggy burger was not real meat, we could tell the difference, but out of all the vegan places we have tried, this place really gives you a run for your money. Also the sweet potato fries were delicious! The jerk chicken in our salad was just average, but the jicama was such a good move that I would consider getting it again. Given another chance to visit, I would like to try some of their beverages
Typical "non-veg" foods like Philly Cheesesteaks made from completely plant-based, vegetarian food.

I eat non-veg, but this food was just delicious.

Made me think that it is possible to have completely vegetarian food, that is also really delicious.

We used a groupon, btw, so deliciousness of the food was so worth the the cost of our meal.
Hip City Veg replaces all other places to eat on campus. Period. 

I was a bit afraid to try this place considering my only vegan experience prior to this was a nasty vegan cheese pizza at the university dining hall. From that moment on, I told myself to avoid vegan at all cost. Finally, I succumbed to the urge to review this newly opened place, and told myself I should go try it!

FOOD: 5/5
FLAT OUT DELICIOUS! Vegan? What? Everything tastes so real (meat like). I feel like if I were a vegan, I would almost feel bad eating this because it tastes so much like eating meat (my apologies if this offends any vegans out there), but seriously, wow. I tried the Philly Steak as my first meal yesterday, and it tastes beyond amazing. I went back today and went for the Ziggy Burger. Again, not disappointed at all. Their smoothies also look quite popular; I might just go back for a lunch snack there to get a smoothie, and did I mention, I'm going back there for dinner again, 3rd night in a row. In all, my only complaint is that the food is a bit pricey. I avoid SweetGreen because a $11 salad does not fill me up. Although the $9 burgers/subs do fill me up, I wish it could be cheaper so I could OVERINDULGE! No shame....

AMBIANCE/LOCATION: 4/5
The shop is a bit smaller in comparison to some of the places around campus, but considering its prime location right next to the high rises and being on 40th street between Locust & Walnut, it can't get better. Inside, it's very fresh looking. Plants displayed on the wall, and everything has a wooden, natural feeling. Best of all, it has a compost bin, and they try to make as many items compostable as possible. 

SERVICE: 5/5
Nothing much to say, but they are pretty darn quick! 

Can't wait to be back. I'll definitely reconsider this review in a couple weeks/months once the hype is gone!
I'm updating my review based on recent visits. I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars:

****^ Ziggy Burger is definitely one of HipCityVeg's top sandwiches for me. It's a tasty vegan burger that's well-textured, not dry. It could use a bit more kick in terms of flavour.

** to ***** Crispy Hip City Ranch sandwich is usually good, but the last time I had it, the "chicken" cutlet was extremely dry and hard to eat. Maybe that was a fluke, but I wish it was more consistent. I still love the tangy ranch sauce.

** The Disco Chik'n sandwich was not enjoyable. The smoked tempeh was all right, but the grilled "chicken" and the rest of the sandwich were very dry and bland. Thankfully, my dining companion was easygoing & let me switch sandwiches so I didn't have to eat any more than the initial few bites.
My new favorite place in University City!

I went here twice today. Once for lunch, and once for dinner. Was not disappointed either time. This is a great place to go for fast vegan food. Whether you're a plant or meat eater, you will like this place. I saw a LOT of happy faces (and it was super crowded.)

What I had:

Quinoa chili (a special for the season)
Pumpkin Shake (also a seasonal special)
Ziggy Burger
Udon Noodle Salad
Green lemonade

I LOVED my Ziggy burger. Whatever they put in that "special" sauce truly is special. I like the way they wrap the burgers up, so when you eat them nothing runs down your arm or gets messy. Not greasy in the least, just delicious and filling. The salad was also filling and is perfect for dinner - not too light, not too heavy. Just right. The service here is excellent. I even saw the owner for a bit making her rounds. They have desserts here! Brownies, shakes, cupcakes...didn't have any yet, but I'm sure I'll get around to it. The interior of this new location is beautiful. Lots of plants hanging on the wall, which I loved.

Sure, it's busy, but it's a great place to eat. We never waited more than 8 minutes for our food despite how many people were in there, which was excellent. They are very organized here and seem to really have things together. I'm sure impressed. I also love that all of their plastic ware and packaging is compostable! The green lemonade was super tasty - there's kale in it. I would have never thought to put kale in lemonade before, but it was a good combination. 

Everything inside is clean, too. Oh, and it's great that the tomatoes were SO red and juicy! Lots of organic ingredients. This means the food is...ehhhh kinda pricy. A burger here is $8.50 and it doesn't come with fries. They're separate. It's kind of expensive to eat here, but you figure you're getting top quality ingredients so it's worth it. We picked up a side asian salad for my boyfriend's tortoise for dinner and she loved it, hahaha!
Great fast food option for vegan/vegetarians! They have salad bowls, "milkshakes ", and other yummy options. The staff here are very friendly and helpful with questions.
DAYYUMMMMMM.

And that's coming from a straight, through-and-through meatatarian.

My ziggy sandwich tasted like it was a juicy beef/chicken patty. But *gasp* it wasn't. 

And those sweet potato fries,  aye yay yay. So good. Better than potato fries.

Man, I wish this was around when I was younger.  My parents would have snuck in my veggies with this with no problem and I wouldn't have hated it at all.
Decided to splurge on dinner tonight (I'm a grad student, so $10 for 1 meal is a treat). The woman before me complained about the way the guy bagged her food. The guy apologized profusely, re-packed her food, gave her new fries, and even a free lemonade. While waiting 20 minutes for my golden nugs and fries, I saw the employee pull out the trash can, toss something in, and push it down. He did not change his gloves. Then, while wearing those same gloves, he went through my french fries as he was trying to get them to fit in the box! When he handed me my bag, I said something. He turned around and asked the kitchen to re-do my food. A minute or two later he tossed the exact same bag of food at me and walked away before I could say anything. No apology from him AND he gave me the same contaminated food. I tossed the food away wasting $10 and 25 minutes. Apparently this place doesn't believe in treating customers equally or health codes. Very disappointed as I'd had good experiences here in the past.
The reviews are correct. This place can make doubters enjoy vegan food. We opted for this location instead of Center City, and it was a good call. It wasn't busy, so we could linger and enjoy our food. Parking was easier too.

I'm not a fan of fake meat, so I skipped the burgers and sandwiches and ordered the udon noodle salad. It came with a chicken substitute that was fine, but the focus was on veggies and noodles. It was flavorful and hearty and really filling--I was the last one eating. I tasted my sister's burger, and it was good--very different from the standard bean burger or boca burger.

We got dessert, too. I had a pumpkin spice shake, which was rich and delicious. My sister got the chocolate shake and liked it too. They're made with soy (which I prefer to almond milk or other dairy substitutes).

Highly recommended.
The Disco "Chicken" sandwich had me hooked for quite some time with its smokey tempeh, flavorful grilled mock meat, and plenty of pickles and aioli. I hadn't had one for a long time until the other evening. It perfectly satisfied my craving. The cilantro black bean dip is probably the best fry dip I've ever had. It's got depth and flavor. The savory flavor is a great contrast to the sweet sweet potato. The food always comes out fresh and in a reasonable amount of time. Water is self serve which makes it easy. 

The food here is four stars all the way, but the prices have gotten way too high. Now, for a sandwich, fries, and tap water, it's a little over $15 with tax for a restaurant that doesn't offer table service. This is something I can't justify doing very often. I wish they'd make the fries in a smaller size offering as well. I usually can't finish them, but without them, I am still hungry. I could save money and calories if they offered other sizes.
Not always the fastest, but damn it's tasty!!!! Crispy Hip City chicken sandwich (sauce on the side or it's just too much and sandwich falls apart) is amazing and so filling. Sunny side Sausage breakfast is awesome too. Just can't go wrong here!
Was home for the holidays and had a cheesesteak jones cuz that's what you do in Philly. But since going plant based that's not an option in most places. But, HipCityVeg presents their vegan version of the Philly cheesesteak to near perfection!

I was in a rush because, you know, meter parking (Philly Parking Authority: can we upgrade to 21st century with credit card payments please?) do I called while walking there (about 7 minutes away). I ordered the sweet potato fries and the banana whip. I kid you not, they were bagging my order by the time I arrived! That was amazingly fast!

Get the aioli dipping sauce with the fries! The tangy, creaminess pairs beautifully with the salty, sweet fries!

I experimented by ordering the cheesesteak without the usual instructions that you dictate at a steak place (salt, pepper, ketchup, etc.). They delivered a well balanced blend of spreads (I think a kind of mayo and ketchup) that completes the seitan and onions deliciously.

The multigrain roll was hearty, but soft and allowed this vegan version to be an interpretation of a cheesesteak without trying to be one. It locked some structure so you will need to handle with two hands carefully. But this flavorful masterpiece is worth treating as the delicacy it is.

The brownie topped banana whip was also refreshing. It was average and really just tasted like frozen whipped bananas instead of a lighter creamier dessert I was hoping for. I would probably go to a vegan dessert specialty place next time instead but it was okay if that's your best option.

I already told bey about it and she's going too!

I look forward to exploring the menu the next time I'm jonesing for some fun, vegan, Philly-favorite food options! 

Tip: And if you call ahead the food comes to you even faster!
Love this place. If I had to convince someone to become vegan this is where I would take them. As everyone else has said the menu is extensive. The quinoa chili was a welcome addition for a cold day lunch. 

Dining area is low-key, but enjoyable and clean.

Only complaint is the smoked tempeh is a bit heavy on the salt, but otherwise delicious!
I just moved to Philly and I've been trying out a bunch of new places to eat. I saw a lot of positive reviews for HipCityVeg and decided to give it a try. Thankfully my mom wasn't with me when I bit into their Crispy Hipcity Ranch sandwich, cause it was slap your momma kinda good lol. I've been back 3 times over the past week (I know smh) to continue trying different items on their menu. I'd like to one day become a vegetarian but it can be a little scary breaking a life long habit. If I can eat like this, I wouldn't even miss chicken or steak or meat in general. This restaurant gives me hope.

Advice, try their sweet potato fries with the sriracha aioli (black bean is meh). Vegan brownie is more decadent and tastier then any regular brownie you'll ever have. Nice modern environment, quick service, great service, excellent food.

Word of advice: don't try this food around your momma for the first time.
My first experience at the DC location of HipCityVeg was alright, but I'm glad I gave it a second chance. This time, I ordered the Ziggy Burger, which was awesome! The burger included, organic smoked tempeh, ~special sauce~ lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and pickles. The smoked taste and texture of the tempeh was mouthwatering, especially when paired with the special sauce - I'm determined to find the recipe to make it at home! My sister got the Bistro Bella burger, which is one of her go-to entrees and was also delicious. I also tried a bite of the curried tofu wrap, which was good too. Of course, the meal wouldn't have been complete without HipCityVeg's classic sweet potato fries and sirarcha aioli! (Def worth the extra $5). 

Also, the interior had a sleek, clean look with trendy ambiance. Overall, this meal hit the spot after a hot and tiring day of moving my sister into her new apartment. As a supporter of HipCityVeg's motto be a fast casual restaurant that is 100% plant-based, I'll definitely make an effort to come back!
Eh.  I don't want to give any place too hard of a time for not catering to those who are gluten intolerant, but for those restaurants that seem to market themselves as friendly to those with dietary restrictions, I have some expectations.  

Sadly, they were unfounded here.  I had above average sweet potato fries and an average, overpriced vegan milkshake.

I'm sure this place works for those with a plant based diet, but the gluten intolerant folk should look elsewhere.
This place is great! My two favorite options are the ziggy burger and the rad thai salad. The ziggy burger does not taste like what I would expect a vegan burger to taste like. It has this delicious sauce on it! The rad thai salad is a mix of lettuce, veggies and noddles. They have delicious fruit flavored water for free in the corner of the restaurant. I also highly recommend the sweet potato fries with the aioli sauce. Yummy!
It was my first time visiting this amazing vegan restaurant and the staff were amazing and nice. 
Visit this place when you go to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.   
I ordered the Philadelphia cheesesteak of course, and my wife got the chicken, ranch wrap
Hip City Veg is a dream come true. As an Ohio native, there are not too many vegan options where I am from, especially fast food vegan options. I love everything on the menu! The crispy chickn and the portabella are among my favorites. 

I have recently had the smokehouse and it was amazing! I couldn't believe that it was not really beef. The barbeque sauce blended with the crunchy texture made for an appetizing sandwich. I definitely recommend everything on the menu!
One of the best sandwiches I've had anywhere!  I had the Disco Chick'n, and it was amazing - great flavor and texture in the whole sandwich. The sweet potato fries with the Sriracha aioli dipping sauce were perfect too. As an omnivore concerned about the environmental costs associated with food production, I'm always trying to be more conscious about how often I eat meat, and HipCityVeg is a great choice for lunch for anyone, not just vegans.
Ok so I lied. There is no falafel here. Went back and got the ziggy burger (eh), crispy chick'n sandwhich (amazing!), quinoa chili (yum), udon salad (eh), and sweet potato fries (pretty good). It's nice to have the option of a vegetarian fast food place because who knows what some of those places put in the mean.
I am close to a five star on this one, but I've only had three meals there. The udon salad was a five star! It was great. The curry tofu wrap was a 4 star, and the curry tofu wrap as a salad over spinach was also a 3- surprise, right? Well the staff is amazing, and it's perfect for a quick lunch in the neighborhood.

 I've been to the downtown location, which is great, also, but this spot has much more seating. One downside was that there is no weather guarding for the door, and cold air was blasting in each time someone came in- we weren't sitting close to the door, so it must have been bad. Curtains would help. or make sure to keep your scarf on if you go in winter.
The food left a disgusting taste in my mouth. Everything is fake meat dishes. Not sure why vegan places can't have any creativity? But it's all tofu and smoky flavor a added to the foods. Leaves a nasty taste.
Went to the new Hip City location in October a little after the opening and as everyone else has said, it's just as good as its older sibling plus with a bathroom :) I haven't been to any vegan places on the left coast or in Chicago (Chicago Diner I need you in life) but I'm sure Hip City stacks up with all of them, even places in NY. I have no idea how they make their "chicken" sandwich but damn it's good. Keep expanding you guys, make your way down to Bmore and conquer this vegan wasteland. It would be much appreciated.
1. Vegan and non-vegan indulgence
2. Imitation meat that's convincingly meat
3. Oil as intestinal lubricant

Consumed:
The veg burger $7.50
Philly steak $8.50
Sweet potato fries $4

MEAT. Okay, not exactly, but if you gave it to me and told me it was meat, I'd believe you. XD

I really really really liked the Philly steak. It had a unique tangy taste that just makes your mouth salivate.

I didn't like the veg burger as much. It wasn't as flavorful and on the drier side. The sweet potatoes were normal. Downside was that everything was pretty oil. Just don't expect healthy food here at hip city veg,  great indulgence once in awhile though.  Nom. Nom. NOM. :)
Last week was my first trip to Hip City Veg and it was amazing! I've been wanting to try it for quite some time but never ventured over and now I can say this might become a regular stop for me. I had a cheesesteak, sweet potato fries with sriracha aioli and carrot ginger lemonade. My husband had the crispy hipcity ranch. Both were equally as delicious. I must say the cheesesteak was one of the best I've had. The portion of sweet potato fries was large enough to share but we each got our own (I devoured every single one with no regret). My husband really enjoyed his sandwich, it reminded me of the buffalo chik'n sandwich from Veggie Grill on the West Coast - and that's a good thing. I really wish we had room for dessert but maybe next time.
I really tried to love HipCity, I really truthfully did; however, every single time I come by to give it another chance and purchase a "groothie", it's always lukewarm and doesn't sit right with me, or my coworkers. What's the deal, HipCity? 

I'll give it another try the next time I come by. Hopefully this won't be a disappointment.
We came to HipCityVeg for dinner during my visit in Philly because my friend had been raving about it for months. Now I can definitely see why!
We got the Crispy HipCity Ranch (battered chick'n, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle, and peppercorn ranch), which was delicious. We also had sweet potato fries with some PHENOMENAL sriracha aioli. I could eat spoonfuls of it. I've also heard that their Disco Chick'n and Li'l Golden Nugs are amazing.
Healthy & tasty salads, a few sandwiches as well, are available here.  I got just a salad that had avocado, greens, crispy tortilla strips and a couple other things.  For someone who far more often orders deli sandwiches for lunch, this was a nice change of pace.
They make some really tasty looking sweet potato fries.  I was eyeballing other customers fries with a smidge of envy, next time.
Interior was bright and tables were comfortable.  For a busy place, the staff did a nice job of keeping the line moving and the space clean.  Price is slightly higher than I typically spend on lunch, but for good ingredients which are nutritious, that did not come as a surprise.
Nice new location in West Philly. Delicious vegan fast-food.  My favorites are the Hip City Ranch and the sweet potato fries with Sriracha Aoli.  Just goodness.  And seems to be a little less crowded with a lot more room to sit than the Center City location.  Keep 'em coming, hip city!
This place is awesome! I'm always on the lookout for cool and hip vegetarian/vegan restaurants and this is a place where I would definitely recommend. I had the Crispy Hip City Ranch and it was delicious. There was an interesting tomato/mayo that worked really well and the vegan chicken tasted so much like chicken! It was seasoned really well and cooked perfectly. It looked small but after I ate it, I was full. My friend got the Arugula Taco Salad and she was also impressed. I can't wait to come back again! Looking forward to trying everything on the menu!
I really want to like this place, but I always leave somewhat disappointed. The biggest issue for me is the menu seems to be designed for veg/vegan diners who want to eat more "standard" non-veg food (Burgers, bacon, etc). If that's what you're looking for, then you may really like HCV. However, this focus tends to favor an emphasis on flavored soy-based products over an array of fresh fruits and vegetables. I think cutting down on the soy heavy meat and chicken imitations and focusing more on fresh veg-centric dishes would go a long way for HCV.

Still, some of their food is pretty good. The quinoa chili is nice in the winter. Their desserts are great. The banana whips are a delicious healthy treat, and they have really good vegan cupcakes that they bring in from a local bakery. Also, their staff is typically very friendly.
When looking at the menu you find yourself asking if the WHOLE menu is in fact plant based. I wanted to order the whole menu. Cheese steak was awesome. I can't see any meat lover denying how good this food is.

I'll be back again when in Philly.
I've been coming to Hip City since God knows when! First, the phone customer service was horrible, then when I walked in they apparently got my order wrong. I'm assuming from all the side talk instead of attention to the customers. Anyway, when I came in the cashier walked to the back and the staff acted like they couldn't be bothered. The young lady bagging the food looked me in my face but still did not tell the "plant manager" (a taller light skin African American woman) that a customer was at the counter but she was too busy talking about personal matters with her back to the door to notice. I said "excuse me" and the manager turned around with the nastiest of attitudes, as if I'm not spending my money on a quite expensive meal for myself and my daughter. I'm not a university student anymore, I'm assuming that's what she thought but if I was, would I deserve that treatment ? Absolutely not. I've never experience any issue like this at the Rittenhouse location where I became so much of a regular that they knew me by name and offered free groothies back in 2014 (Yes, a loyal longtime customer). Please revamp this location or teach your employees how to treat everyone who walks in! 2 stars only because the food is a 4 and the service was a 0.
I think we need a HipCityVeg in California. This place was delicious and felt very pleasant to eat in.

I opted for the Jerk Caesar salad, as I haven't seen that before. I don't typically go out for vegan, but the seasoning and texture definitely fooled me into thinking I was eating actual chicken. The water crests and lettuce were fresh and crispy also.

I'd suggest getting the sweet potato fries too - the dressing that it comes with is quite yummy.
The food is consistently colorful and delicious. The staff are friendly and helpful when choosing options. The crispy ranch sandwich lives up to it's hype and is surely one of the best (if not "thee best") vegan chicken sandwich I've had. Prices are steep but on a day when you're craving fresh vegetarian fast food this is the place to go.
I love this place, I cant wait to return. Everyone was sooo soo soo nice and accomodating. It was my first time attending and my friend had brought me there as a girls day out, anyways the person who took our orders answered my silly questions and was very patient as I decided what I wanted. I adored the sweet potato fries and wanted to eat about 10 servings, however the food is very filling and well made. You couldn't tell me that it wasn't a real cheese steak!!! 

I recommend that everyone goes, meat eater or not they serve really good food and have good customer service.
So I usually enjoy my HipCityVeg experiences, but today was terrible. My service was fast, I got the sweet potato fries to go. 

The oil or grease they were cooked in completely seeped through the bag and through the napkins I had placed inside. The fries themselves were not crispy in texture as they usually are, but instead completely soggy from oil. I had to throw them away. Usually I am able to put the bag of fries in my purse and they do not seep through the bag, my purse is now ruined due to the oil.

When I called to speak with a manager about the situation, the worker who picked up refused to put me through without providing a name or reason. I protested enough and was placed on a long hold only to be told the manager was in a meeting. 

I decided to let that worker know I had a terrible experience to which she responded with, "Ok". No attempt to apologize or anything.

Never returning to this location.
Ordered the udon noodle salad and fajita wrap, and both were awesome! Very flavorful and fast service. The ambiance is really cool add well. Lots of seating options. Will be coming back!
Definitely coming back here again! I've only tried a few things on their menu including the Crispy HipCity Ranch, Udon Noodle Salad and the Fajita Wrap. My favorite would have to be the Crispy HipCity Ranch along with the sweet potato fries. 

It's a bit on the expensive side for a college student but definitely worth trying!
Great vegetarian sandwiches. Can't really go wrong with anything. Been here multiple times. Really like their chicken sandwiches. Tastes good and while you can probably tell it's not real meat, the taste holds its own.
This is definately another vegetarian spot to hit up when you think you had way too much meat in a week and when you're in a rush. It's also a great spot for vegetarian as well (duh!). Service is quick and friendly. Menu is simple but still a good variety. They have sandwiches, drinks, salads, and a few desserts.

I ordered the Jerk Chicken salad. The "chicken" was great. It was seasoned very well and the spices on it were delicious. However, I felt the dressing really overpowered the salad. It was beyond creamy/thick and too salty. It really made eating a salad feel not so healthy. The saltiness was crazy...like I need a sip of water after taking every bite. I'm assuming the dressing is homemade, so I definately recommend cutting back on some salt.

As for the price, I felt they were a little high. Since when did salads get so expensive?

Overall: I would definately come back, but next time, I'll go for a sandwich instead. I feel like I can get fuller off a sandwich than a small salad
So good! All the food here is amazing and filling. They really do magic with plant-bases items. I love their milkshakes, especially the strawberry (when they have it). The staff is always super nice and helpful. Though it is always busy, it moves pretty fast so it is not hard to find a table.
As a vegetarian, I'm a fan of HCV as I do not have to compromise for good food! My go-to items are the:

1) Udon Noodle Salad: I'm not fond of arugula so I always ask them to substitute spinach for the arugula. However, the dish can be a hit or miss as they often run out of the grilled tofu or put WAY too much dressing (making the salad taste oily and unhealthy). The salad is only ~400 calories which is much less than similar salads at Sweetgreen and the like so it's a good healthy option. Sometimes I ask for light dressing but then there is literally no taste. Again, overall a good salad but highly dependent on who is making it!
2) Buffalo Bella Burger: This is a great burger but kind of defeats the purpose of being healthy. I love portabella mushrooms and the celery slaw so it is still quite a delicious burger!

The Sweet Potato Fries are also a nice side to order. I usually go for the Sriracha Aioli instead of the Cilantro-Black Bean Dip as the former is a little spicy and goes well with the fries. Just keep in mind that 1) they often run out of ingredients (and they don't tell you), 2) their food isn't always consistent, and 3) it can be a bit pricy for a college student - but in general, I am a fan of HCV! :)
Looks like meat. Tastes like meat. Feels like meat. But guess what.. IT'S NOT MEAT.

Fantastic vegan location in University City! Looks amazing inside and greeted by helpful staff who know their way around the menu! Seitan, Tofu, and Tempeh - all my new favorite things. We're stuck in University City for a while and have probably come here for dinner 15 days out of 30. No joke. Maybe more. 

As a side, the sweet potato fries are some of the best I've ever had. Get the sriracha aioli sauce. And as far as sandwiches go,  my favorite are the Crispy HipCity, the Philly Cheesesteak,and the Ziggy Burger! Can't go wrong.

They overdo it with the sauce on the sandwiches at times - delicious, but could definitely be a bit lighter. The seitan is sometimes a little salty as well but overall,awesome place,will keep on going!
Perfect spot to grab lunch and take to the park on a nice day.  My boyfriend actually brought me here after getting a "Fajita Wrap" on his own a few times and genuinely thought that it was real chicken, so I had to try it.  I typically detest imitation meat products, but this was delicious! Can't wait for spring to be sprung so I can plan another take out picnic.  

One star deducted because it was pretty cramped and there were a few employees hanging around in peoples way, but it was popping off at lunch time so that's a good thing for business.  No restroom-- they suggested we use the Barnes and Noble Bookstore.
Eeehhh... after experiencing the UCity HipCityVeg for a semester now, I'm less impressed with them. Most everything I said in my original review still stands, but here are some updates:

- They are out of certain foods/ingredients very, very often--out of the 5 times I've asked for a milkshake there, they only had the ingredients to make it once. I don't know if this is a product of demand or just... lack of planning? 

- Honestly, the entire menu continues to be ridiculously overpriced for the quality--the only things I find myself willing to pay the price for here are the Crispy HipCity Ranch (which really is one of the most divine sandwiches ever created,) the milkshakes (...which, like I said, are rarely there, in my experience,) and perhaps the desserts.

- Service has improved, I guess? The waitstaff isn't as awkward anymore and things are done methodically and on-time, so that's a plus.

Yes, HCV is still nice to go to, but really more as a very rare treat than as a regular go-to place for poor college vegetarians.
This place is healthy and delicious. The groothie (green smoothie) is yummy, and the ceasar salads are awesome.  Only downfall is that this place is a bit pricey and the food isn't necessarily filling since it's soooo darn healthy.  But if you don't mind spending an extra buck or two in order to have a healthy lunch - this is definitely the place for you.
The Groothie rocks and I can't wait to try some of those awesome vegan eats. 

With free wifi and a decent amounts of seating this place can totally suck you in. But that's awesome! I am so excited to have a place nearby that is totally plant based! Yay. The ambience is cool and the staff is super helpful. I'm so down with their Eco conscious philosophy also. 

I'll be sure to update my review once I try something in solid form
When visiting Philly you obviously gotta try a Philly Cheesesteak. Restaurant selection for a vegan/vegetarian one is small. We picked this place and the cheesesteak was unbelievable. It's been a year since coming to Philly and having it, yet I still crave it every once in a while.
HipCity is one of the most popular vegan spots in the city, and rightly so given how good their food is! The downside, however, is just how busy this place can get - on top of the fact that there isn't much seating.
Protip: if you want HipCity for lunch during the week, call ahead and place your order for pick up.
When I say this place is POPIN. I come here all the time but never really did reviews. Today I had an original veggie burger because I'm a basic bitch. But it was really good and tasteful. I never did try the smoothies there but I heard they were good. I like to try one ting for a while and then move onto something new.
I've been to Hip city Veg several times and each time I'm greeted by polite staff waiting to answer any questions I might have about the menu. The food is extremely tasty and doesn't leave me with that I over ate / wasted my workout feeling. The menu is supposed to be fairly healthy. With that said its disappointing not to see any information on calories and macros listed on the menu. I think hip city is a welcome addition to the fast casual scene. I recommend the crispy chicken sandwich and a order of sweet potato fries.
I had been looking forward to trying this place for the longest time, and I have to say, I am a little disappointed. Although, everything is fresh and organic, and the service is excellent, the food lacks flavor.

I had a sip of my son's groothie, which was okay, but a little too sweet.  I tried the sweet potato fries which were so-so, but not worth the price, the arugula taco salad, which was good, but I ended up putting balsamic vinegar on it, because I wasn't impressed with the creamy cilantro dressing.  Finally, I tried a few bites of the buffalo chicken ranch sandwich which was average. $30 dollars later, and I feel like I could have gotten a better lunch for two at a restaurant with drinks taxes and tip included.  Although I didn't think the food was bad in any way, it didn't live up to all the "hype" that surrounds it. I would not go out of my way to eat here again.
Hit this place up after a soccer game, and got there around 10pm. It had a lot of people in there at that hour. The employees were friendly, and the food came out fast. I got the buffalo chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries and my husband got the chicken fajita wrap with sweet pot fries. We tried both the black bean and sriracha sauces. It was all delicious. We also got the brownie to go. I can only hope that a Hip City or something like it comes to Cbus. I will be thinking of this place often.
I don't actually know what "Chick'n" is, but it's pretty damn tasty jerked or blackened.

I'm not a vegan, or even vegetarian, but my veggie friends brought me here once, and I've since returned on my own. My first visit was the Jerk caesar salad. Yum. Second visit was Fajita wrap. I will be back.
I'm neither a vegan or vegetarian, but HipCityVeg proves that food, besides meat and dairy products, can taste extraordinarily amazing. I ordered the Udon Noodle Salad, Sweet Potato Fries, and an Iced Green Tea, which overall was really good, with just one minor issue. I got too full from the Udon Noodle Salad. This salad was a decent sized salad, containing arugula,  dressing, carrots, cabbage, peanuts, spicy glazed chick'n, and much more. The dressing (Chinese black bean) really helps blend in with the salad, which made it overall tasty. Actually one of the best salads I've ever eaten. The Sweet Potato Fries, which came with the sriracha ailoi dressing, was good; this dressing is definitely a must try. Finally, the Iced Green Tea complements the whole meal, bringing a great satisfaction and a full stomach in the end. 

Definitely coming back to HipCityVeg in the future. So much in the menu for me to try!
It's...... About.... Time!!!! I loved eating at HCV in Rittenhouse, but hated that there was no seating or a bathroom. This new location solved that issue for me as there is tons of seating as well as a bathroom. I'm loving that I have one close to work and close to home now. I also really like that they kept the same menu. I have to admit though, I would've liked to see a few additions. Oh well! I will be returning and frequently.
The Food: (Above Average)

This was my first planned attempt at eating Vegetarian, not as a permanent change in diet, but just too see if it could hold its ground among other satisfying categories of food...and it did! I sampled a variety of the sandwiches on the menu: Ziggy Burger, Buffalo Bella, and Fajita Wrap. Each sandwich was unique in flavor and had a satisfying flavor, and the size of each sandwich is plenty of food for a single serving, if not two. Of particular note, the "chick'n" tasted like chicken, and possibly (dare I say) better than some real chicken I have tasted. Fajita Wrap was probably my favorite sandwich, with a veggie patty that could satisfy a meat craving, as well as having an amazing avocado & chipotle crema. For a drink, I had to try the popularized Groothie, and it was very good, although not as sensational as it was made out to be. It tasted mostly of apples and bananas. As another side not, cupcakes were average (had the caramel and orange cupcake) but somewhat dry.

The Atmosphere: (Average)
Although I was expecting more of a hipster vibe, it felt like more of a coffee and sandwich shop setting than anything else. The seating and lighting threw off a clean, fresh vibe.

The Price: (Above Average)

Considering the veggie burger was big enough for two meals and the quality of food was super awesome, I would definitely say the approx. $10/meal price tag is spot on.

The Service: (Above Average)

Since the staff the staff are primarily in the kitchen or at the cash register, there isn't much interaction. However, my brief experience with the staff was pleasant and normal.
I haven't had the food at HipCity in a long time, but the desserts are awesome!
I've tried this place two separate times, and have never had a good experience. Maybe third times a charm..
The avocado taco salad is awesome! Prefect amount of tangy dressing and the ingredients are so fresh. It also delivers well so that's a plus!
The chocolate milkshake is good but definitely tastes healthy! You won't feel like you're cheating when you have this. If you're imagining an ice cream shop milkshake, this is not it but it's tasty in its healthy vegan way.
Love this place!! Great food with a great atmosphere and great people!! The food is very healthy and filled with tons of flavor!! The fake meat tastes nothing like the gross frozen stuff. It is fresh and tastes amazing!! Defiantly check this place out!!!!!!!
