Oh my! I'm a little embarrassed to say I had only been to HCV for "Groothies" (their trademark Green Smoothies). Not sure what kept me from an entire meal here, but that will certainly change!! 

I must start by saying I had no idea the mastermind, a fellow Philly native behind this cool urban 100% plant based, casual fast(er) food joint is also responsible for Charlie Was A Sinner, the uber hip, sexy vegan lounge and fine(r) dining joint, also in Philly. It all makes sense now. 

Stopped by on a weeknight for a to-go pickup from this, the newest (and my new favorite) of three locations in Philly. The place wasn't too crowded despite it being tiny. Our order was ready promptly and exactly how we asked for it. 

For the littles, we went with the lil nugget meals which include chick'n pieces and sweet potato fries. I just HAD to have a taste some of their "kiddie meals". Verdict? Yummo! I noticed the nuggets had an oat breading! Love that! My one daughter commented they were a tad dry to which I handed her the black bean sauce an aioli which came complimentary. She enjoyed dipping and favored the black bean sauce. She had no further issues. I actually had to call to make sure these sauces were vegan as they were both so creamy and sinful tasting! Fries were good and thick. Mamas, this is a great, easy, healthier food option!

We all split a chocolate milkshake with reminded me of a melted "frostee". Again, it was hard to believe this too was vegan. Perfect chocolate notes and smooth consistency! 

What really blew me away however was the jerk chick'n Caesar salad. Wow! It comes with plantain chips,  jicama, & creamy island spiced dressing. We opted to add avocado for $1 up-charge. First of all, I sat and dissected the chick'n. It looked so real I had a difficult time believing it wasn't. This meal is one for the meat eaters. What they achieve with this chick'n is unreal! It was perfectly blackened and almost had a pulled consistency. It was full of a smoky flavor. The kind that hits you in the back of the throat...in a good way. The creamy tangy dressing was given generously and again, was so sinful tasting. The smoothness of the avocado balanced with the crisp chips and juicy jicama cubes...just so perfect! The salad was an outstanding blend of so many flavors and textures. One of my new favorite salads in the entire city! Hubs doesn't know it yet, but will certainly be picking this up for me on the regular on his way home from work. 

These treats were all so delish it made me wonder just how calorie heavy they were. Come to find out...not too much. The highest thing on the menu which was the Philly steak came in at 550! Win!

Many items can be made GF upon request. 

I can't wait to come back and try "lox" on a bagel for breakfast! This is the only location that offers am goods and they serve La Colombe. We will always keep our eyes peeled for the shake of the month. 

I love this spot. I love supporting local. I love supporting female entrepreneurs. And I love their philosophy so much...."Embracing healthy bodies, a healthy planet, and compassion for all living things." 

Fan for life!!
So I was a non believer until I had their bbq chick'n sandwhich while down at spruce harbor. That was probably the best non-chicken chick'n I've ever had. All I could think was "this is amazing! This is amazing!". My girlfriend has been hinting at going vegan but I'm just like why do u wanna eat food that tastes like other food but its not? Anyway when they called my name to accept this delectable honor, I admit I was a bit hesitant.  $10 for a  burger I never knew could even exist. But the investment was well worth it. I will definitely dream about this moment.
I will preface this with I have always loved this place, however, because of my experience last night and this morning I am truly frustrated. I ordered my usual salad to go and upon arrival home  , I found a long black hair mixed in my salad. I immediately called and explained the situation. After being on hold for 10 minutes I was offered  a refund. The person at the desk asked for my name, order, email and cell number and I was told to pick up my receipt slip verifying the refund any time the next day. This morning on my way to work I stopped to "pick up" the slip. After trying to quietly and calmly explain while I was there, the man taking orders asked for my name and order Quickly. There was no record of my refund, no receipt printed etc. I waited while he texted the manager for 15 minutes before I asked if he had heard anything. He did not bother to write any of my info again or give me an update. This was truly a terrible experience and they have not handled this well. I would appreciate a resolution. Whitney Congress
In an attempt to eat healthier and incorporate more vegetarian and vegan meals into my diet, I decided I'd try takeout from HipCityVeg. When I worked in the suburbs, I used to love grabbing HipCityVeg for lunch from the Suburban Square location.

I ordered directly from their website and decided to get the sweet potato fries and the Ziggy Burger because who doesn't love a special sauce? The food came quicker than the time estimated and was still very hot when it arrived. Everything was as delicious as a I remember, and I love being able to enjoy a burger and fries guilt free. While I don't have pictures, because we all know takeout presentation just doesn't do food any justice, I loved how adorably packaged the burger was! 

As a non-vegan or vegetarian, I am always super impressed at how delicious the food is at HipCityVeg!
I've been trying to cut down my meat consumption for a while and have tried my fair share of fake meats and vegan junk food, but HipCityVeg probably gave vegan food everywhere a bad rap.
The food was pricey, flavors were pretty bland, presentation wasn't that appetizing, and portions were small. 
I got the Crispy Hip City Ranch Chick'n Sandwich and it tasted fine, but only because of the toppings and peppercorn ranch dressing. The chick'n itself was too soft and chewy, like tofu, and I would've just preferred a portobello burger that wasn't trying to masquerade as meat.
My friend got the Philly Steak and it was surprisingly tasty despite the monotonous appearance. The mushrooms' texture was pretty decent and tasted pretty much like a really Philly Cheese Steak, even though I typically hate mushrooms.
I had heard great things about the sweet potato fries but they weren't anything special. I wish fries were included with each sandwich order given the price of everything.
Seating was weird. There were only a few bar stools in the actual restaurant itself, and a sign pointing to an extra seating area just directed us to the neighboring hotel lobby which is where we ended up eating our food.
Second time trying HipCity Veg and nothing really stood out for me other than the cost.

I had a veggie burger that was almost $12.

I get that it's vegan food which is costly, but just a burger for $12.00 is a bit much. 

Not sure when I will be back.
I'm a Pescatarian and I must say that I haven't had a salad that just was amazing in a while that didn't have fish in it. 

I'm an egg and cheese girl, so when I ordered the jerk salad, I didn't anticipate it being so yummy! The dressing was good and not overpowering. The lettuce was fresh and the plantain was crispy and flavorful. Now to the chick'n, it reminded me so much of regular chicken. Overall a great salad and a must try.

 The Kale lemonade was a plus for me. I didn't know if it would be sweet or bitter or both. It's both which is a win/win for me.

(I got delivery through Caviar)
Fast casual vegan foods. Easy to access a vegan meal any time of day here. The hip city breakfast sandwich is yummy as are their sandwiches, fries, and salads. 

They have more seating at the location through the door on the right which is a shared space, it's the lobby of a apartment/office building...Kind of interesting, unique. The bathroom is also in this adjoining building and you can get the key from the building door person who sits at the desk.
I absolutely love HipCityVeg, and it warms my heart to see them expanding! I hope one day they'll consider bringing their vegan cheesesteaks to the west coast - we're in dire need of a tasty one in Los Angeles!

The past few years, I haven't had enough real estate in my stomach to grab a meal here, but I still stop by to grab the BEST HOT CHOCOLATE EVER and a cookie, usually right before walking over to the Christmas village. I am not kidding you when I say they have cracked the code for creamy, decadent, perfectly sweet but not cloying, perfectly rich but drinkable hot chocolate, complete with whipped cream. It's a good thing it's not so easy for me to get into the city, or I'd be here every day. I've never come close to replicating it at home.

Their cookies and brownies are always delicious, maybe not "best ever!" but a lovely accompaniment to my hot chocolate all the same. HipCityVeg makes walking around the city in winter so special to me, I love them so much!
If you find yourself in the center city area of Philadelphia and need a quick healthy bite to eat I definitely recommend this place.

There are plenty of great choices for carnivorous types but for quasi-vegetarians like me there are also a number of really good vegan options here. 

The. Beyond Meat vegan burger. I had this two days in a row here. W hat I love about today's veggie burgers is they are nearly indistinguishable from meat patties. 

The curry tofu wrap is also an excellent healthy choice and it's a nice sized wrap with lots of taste. I recommend and aïoli sauce to pick it up even a step more.

The sweet potato fries dipped in their own hip city sauce make for a really nice side. 

The nuggets are also vegan and really good!  They combine well with the fries if that's all you're having. 

The folks working here are also great - very helpful, and can let you know exactly what's in the food as well as how it's prepared. 

In a world of toxic foods I've got a special place in my heart for quick and healthy options and they score high at this great little spot. 

I'll definitely be back when I'm in this part of town.
This place is tiny! I believe other locations may have more seating but this spot has three seats by the window and I happily claimed one to smash my food. I was in Philly for work and NEEDED to find a vegan cheesesteak. Especially after the previous night's shenanigans. 

After a little yelp and Instagram research (professional food stalker), I stumbled upon HipCityVeg which is 100% vegan/plant based. Their philly has great reviews but I was a little skeptical because they put ketchup on the sandwich... why doe? I was able to leave the ketchup off and add ranch because who doesn't love ranch?

Oh. My. God. This cheesesteak was the best I've ever had!! Even better than any real meat cheesesteak and I haven't been vegan that long to forget flavor! Vegan food that's amazing that satisfies old cravings, yum! The bread was perfectly soft and fresh filled with plenty of toppings: mushrooms, onions, seitan and vegan cheese. 

I can't wait to return to try their chicken sandwich which seems to be even more popular. They also have healthier whole food plant based items on their menu which I'm sure are delicious! I was tempted by their orange creamsicle milkshake but I'll have to try another time.
Stopped in for lunch with a friend - first visit, very impressed. The Philly Steak was very good (although it would be nice to have a whole wheat sandwich bun option, which I didn't see) and the Smokehouse Burger as well. Very good sweet potato fries, too. I will say that Sriracha Aiolli that comes with the fries was good, but also very typical aiolli - nothing special.

This place is tiny, so probably most people stop in for take-out. But even though it was lunch hour on a weekday, we were able to sit at the counter in the window. Additional seating in the building lobby next door, seemed a little unappealing to me, but it would work if necessary.

Maybe it's been too long since I had a sandwich lunch in CC, but I thought the pricing - burger at $11 and steak sandwich at $10 was no bargain. And if you want some spice on that steak sandwich, you can "Buffalo It" for another dollar. It's not like you can just get some hot sauce with it on the side for no additional charge.

Finally, the guy taking the order didn't ask, and we didn't specify that we'd be eating there. So the order came wrapped and in a paper bag with handles, as though we'd be taking it somewhere. It's all recycled content paper (happily, no plastic!), and they have labelled food and paper recycling bins, etc., nevertheless it seemed like a waste to do that packaging.
No photos, but worth a visit.

Must get: ziggy burger and chick'n sandwiches
Meh: curry tofu wrap
Missed out: desserts

I am neither a vegan nor hipster, however, I can appreciate a good sandwich. Hipcityveg is a small joint, with maybe 2-3 seats for the casual visitor to enjoy their food. The staff were friendly and pleasant and we were able to order without any significant delays. Of note, the food is made on order, so you may need to wait a while. I was surprised by both of burger/sandwiches that my friends got. They were scrumptous but so...small! The faux meat didn't taste like meat...but I never expect nor care for an exact mimicry. However, the tempeh/soy equivalent was very well seasoned and had a great mouthfeel. I did not like the curry tofu wrap, as the wheat wrap itself was overwhelming and robbed the flavoring of the curry.

Many of the options were about $8+, so you definitely may need more than one to stave off your hunger, but if you're vegan or just like plain good food, hipcityveg will hit the spot.

Food: 4 stars
Price: 3-4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
I'm over the moon right now. 
This new location is perfectly placed near City Hall, and breakfast there is a grand slam. Excellent service, too.
 I had the HipCity Breakfast Sandwich on a bagel, with tofu for egg, tempeh, and organic soy mayo. I am a small person and had to take half of this home. But it was delicious and oh so filling. My friend got a scrambled egg- type sandwich on a long roll. TRY THE MERRY MINT MILKSHAKE if you love a perfect blend of mint and chocolate. Of course, it's dairy free.
I want to come back to try the maple and banana sandwich, as well as the eight or so other items on the breakfast menu. 
They also serve their standard lunch/dinner menu all day. 

Only thing is, price is a tad high for me to come on a daily basis. It's worth the monkey, though. 

In short: vegan, friendly, clean, environmentally sustainable, and satisfying. Love!
The only place I wanted to eat during our small tour of Philly-my go-to Crispy Hipcity Ranch Chik'n sandwich was a little dry, but the new Smokehouse Burger was wetter and delicious addition to the menu. There's "secret" seating in a door towards the back of this tiny location i.e. I was afraid to open the door because no one else was, but it leads to seating from another building in Philly-Astra G. describes it better than I do-see her review for more information.
I found the food and service to be consistent with their other locations, which is excellent - only this one offers breakfast items too. Very smart for the location which gets a lot of daily grinders. Yes, right at Broad & Sansom!

This is the smallest HCV, with only three seats, but if you snag one, it makes for good people watching out the window. To me it feels like a small takeout place in NYC, which is pretty cool.

I just hope they repair the door; every time someone comes or goes there's a sharp "whack" sound that's startling. For this reason I carefully guided the door closed when I left.

Overall this is exactly what this neighborhood was missing, and if I worked in the vicinity I'd be here daily. Totally recommended.
I came here a week ago to grab dinner with a friend after a successful workout. Since we didn't want to counteract what we just worked on, Hip City Veg came into mind. I tried their chipotle fajita wrap which was delicious. I love the grilled veggies and the chicken was perfect. Topped that with their green tea and I was full and  happy. Definitely worth checking out!
Also -- there are additional seating options in the lobby of the attached building.
Pretty good! I usually run downstairs from my apartment to grab a quick dinner during the week after the gym if I don't feel like cooking. They're fast and delicious! I usually get the udon noodle salad, but I've had a few other options like their veggie burger and chick'n sandwich (forget which ones exactly) and everything is tasty. Their sweet potato fries are yummy too, especially the sauce it comes with. I would highly recommend anyone to give this place a try. I'm not even a vegetarian and I love it! It's nice to have a non-meat meal once in a while.
I'm limiting my meat-eating and considering vegan/vegetarian options. Decided to try HipCityVeg's PhillySteak, sweet potato fries, and a brownie. Went with my brother.

PhillySteak - good sandwich. We both liked it. He thought it tasted like cheese steak. I thought it had good flavor, but it didn't seem steak-y to me. The texture was different. Philly cheese steaks have a sinewy chew even chopped fine. This "meat" had a mushroom-like texture. That did not affect the flavor - I enjoyed eating the sandwich - including the mushrooms and raw tomato, things I usually remove. 

Sweet potato fries with sriracha aioli - mixed reviews. My brother would have preferred a sweet sauce to match the sweetness of the potatoes. He wanted to like the fries, but the sweet-savory kick did not appeal. Me, I loved them. I usually do not like sweet potato chips or fries, but the taste of these won me over. I liked the sriracha aioli, too. The fries were hot and pliable without being too greasy. Must get them again.

Brownie - goooood. We both liked this. It didn't have the same mouth-feel as traditional brownies. I missed the heavy density, the thickness of traditional brownies. These were a cross between regular brownies and chocolate clouds. Rich chocolate flavor in a soft chew. I might try to make these. 

Service was pleasant. Young staff. 

I will come back and try some of their other items.
So good. A vegan (for strict health reasons) relative wanted to meet for lunch, so we went with the easiest choice. I'd been to the University City location years ago and remembered liking it. 

This location is more of a takeout place. There are a few stools at a counter and some small tables in the building lobby, which is where we ate. 

One relative loves the Philly cheesesteak and their sweet potato fries. The other likes the "chicken sandwich." 

I got a Mediterranean tofu salad, and it really hit the spot on a hot day. I don't usually like meat (not an issue here) or a lot of heavy toppings on my salad, so I worried I'd get lots of tofu and little actual salad. But I found lots of greens and tofu that was firm but not fried (which I prefer). Dressing was good. The salad was probably dressed more than I would have done myself, but it wasn't creamy so it didn't weigh the salad down and really added a lot of flavor. It was satisfying. I'd order it again. 

I enjoyed a kale lemonade with my lunch and felt good about my lunchtime choices as we left.
The food here is great! I just think that the prices are too high. The quinoa chili is awesome, the jerk chick'n salad is delicious and satisfying (and the fake chicken has the same texture as real chicken!), and the sweet potato fries are super yummy! I just don't think a sandwich or salad with no meat in it should cost $9. I should also say that the employees here are nicer than most fast-food employees. That makes a huge difference!
I became a more humane eater in March, the beginning of COVID and I was influenced and inspired by a vegan friend.  On the last day that we got to see each other while he was in town before moving, we decided we wanted to have a vegan meal because he inspired me to change my life in so many ways.  We were going to try some other place out but I really wanted to try out HipCity, so we did and I remember us grinning, enjoying our food, we were standing on the sidewalk on Broad St.  I ate the delicious sweet potato fries, he looked at me, and said- "it's good, right?" I nodded my head in approval and kept munching.  As he walked away, I realized that my vegan friend had helped to change my life for the better and I had never really had yummy vegan food... I was at home and I was eating the buttermilk ranch chick'n - I have to admit, that at first, I was skeptical, but then I texted him and said- "this tastes like chicken!!!"  I was really thrilled because one of the hardest parts of eating more humanely was missing the taste of some animal foods.  I had really been craving chicken and I was trying so hard to not cave, so I was delighted to have found a vegan sandwich that tastes like chicken.  

I kind of tend to like a few items rather than try the whole menu, but I do really like the Smokey and Sweet Chick'n wrap too.  I love the sweet potato fries!

The food is a delicious treat, it does taste a little greasy sometimes and I think that the price could be a little more reasonable, but I am really thrilled to have HipCity as a plant based alternative.  

I definitely want to explore other menu items also.  
Very glad that this an option in Philly!
They now accept Apple Pay!
I've been meaning to come here because friends have told me the food is great, and I finally came. Upon entering, the staff greeted me cheerfully. It was around 12:30pm and there was 6 people waiting for their orders. I ordered the crispy hip city ranch sandwich without pickles, and sweet potato fries with the cilantro black bean dip. Everything was SO delicious and filling! The "chicken" in the sandwich wasn't as crispy as I'd hoped, but it was still good. The peppercorn ranch was very tasty, and definitely made the sandwich! The sweet potato fries aren't crispy, but are thin, wide and soft. The serving size of the sweet potato fries is pretty generous, and the dip was delicious! I spent $15.61 for the sandwich and fries, but it was well worth it! Definitely coming back.
Stopped in this location for a second time and both times haven't disappointed. The staff is friendly, my order has been right and the food is excellent. This is my favorite location to visit. I recommend getting the vegan cheesesteak if you're in the mood to try something besides a burger. The chili is excellent - i like the mix of quinoa and beans.
I love mock meat - well, most times, that is. 

I love mock meat that doesn't market itself that way, you know? For instance, as a vegetarian, I really don't want a substitute that tastes like meat- that's not what I'm going for. I want something with texture, a unique flavor, and the potential to let me understand and taste a dish I otherwise would have been kept in thee dark about.

When I visited Philadelphia, I was pleasantly overwhelmed by their menu, mostly because the Midwest has almost nothing like it. (Actually, nothing like it). I was more overwhelmed by the fact that we, a rather non-adventurous Indian family, could all find things we enjoyed and would happily eat again.

The jerk caesar is exactly what you'd want and expect out of caesar salad. What thrilled me was the fact that THIS chicken caesar, I could actually eat! 

HipCityVeg is a great chain and conceptually, deserves a high level of praise. Perhaps American cuisine has omnivorous hope after all.
PHILADELPHIA: any time spent with Brie really works up an appetite because we try to explore as much as possible in whatever town we're visiting.

We were craving breakfast and found HipCityVeg, a small plant-based chain in the city. We went to their 121 South Broad St. location, very close to Penn Square. It's a very tiny place, but you can bring your dog into the restaurant to order and then sit at their tables in the vestibule of the North American building which is attached to the place. Sitting in the lobby gave Brie the opportunity to meet so many nice people and get lots of pets and give lots of kisses.

The food is excellent and we recommend the HipCity Breakfast sandwich (tofu egg, organic soy mayo, & tempeh). Prices are also reasonable. Can this place come to NJ??? Even a worker said he's not vegan, but loves the food! We love any place that's dog friendly and animal cruelty free.
Simply put, I had one of the best wraps I've ever had at this place. I opted for the chipotle chicken wrap (it comes with no sides unfortunately). The wrap was absolutely delicious. Every bite I took was worth every penny (no exaggeration). The place looks really clean inside and the service was quick. Unfortunately it being in the heart of philly there is no parking so if you plan to come here, you're going to have to do some waking. Prices were on the higher side but you're getting good quality and quality of food which offsets the price.
Love love love Hipcity Veg.. their breakfast was really good and filling. Satisfied customers :-)
I first had HipCityVeg 3 years ago while visiting Philly and was dying to return. I thought the other location was small, but this one might be smaller. There are 3 seats facing the window and then additional seating in what seems to be the lobby in the building next door.

My favorite has always been the Crispy Chicken Ranch, however I was slightly disappointed because it was dry; too little ranch and too much "chicken." 

The gentleman who took our order suggested an amazing off menu sandwich with BBQ and avocado, the "Wizard." It was delicious! 

Carrot Ginger Lemonade tasted kinda like regular lemonade, but I remember the Kale one being good. 

I'll be back the next time I'm in Philly!
Their food is delicious by all means. It's sort of on the pricier side but I guess that's expected of any plant-based/veggie food joint in a city. Can't say it's a go-to place due to the price but I'm more than happy to eat here when the occasion presents itself! Thanks for opening up on Broad St!
Great food and great vibes!  Wide variety of food and drinks to choose from. The staff was so friendly and Josh helped me make a selection and such a great experience
I stopped in early for a breakfast sandwich, I had the lox with everything it was delicious and fresh. There was capers, chive cream cheese, red onions, smoked carrots and cucumbers . Delish, I can't wait to try another type of breakfast sandwich very soon!! The cashier was also a delight , very welcoming!!
This location is fairly small with some seating in the back, but everyone that was there when I went was getting their food for takeout (not that surprising fro 3pm on a Friday).
I got the bistro bella sandwich ($8) and a side of the asian salad.
The lady working the register was very nice about offering to answer my questions. They were out of the olive tapenade when I went, but the cook asked if I wanted to sub a different sauce so I picked the white bean-cilantro spread that was on one of their tofu sandwiches.
My food was ready quickly but the lady in front of me's order was taking a while so they offered a complimentary lemonade or drink while she waited.
The asian slaw salad side was really good- it had some noodles, lettuce, cilantro, peanuts, cabbage and julienned carrots.
The bistro bella sandwich was tasty, but slightly messy with all the different sauces (probably my fault because of the sauce I subbed).
They had a sample of their BFG (green smoothie) which was really good and I'll probably be ordering it in the future.
Overall the food was yummy, healthy, and interesting, the location is super convenient, and the staff was courteous. I'm interested in going back to try some of their breakfast options.
first time at HCV today! i always forget about the HCV on broad b/c it looks so tiny next to all the big store fronts like capital grill and wells fargo! 

i've heard HCV was somewhat legendary in the vegan food frontier in philly, but i had no idea what item they're really known for.  (i'm a little behind with the times) so i just ordered what sounded appealing to me.. i went for the disco chick'n sandwich that came with garlic aioli.  i honestly didn't know what "chick'n" entailed.. but i figured i'd give it a try.  i was 90% sure i wasn't getting actual meat LOL and i was right! lol so deceiving just by the whiff of the sandwich lol.

it definitely did not disappoint! the sandwich was very juicy! and the sauces were amazing and went so well together! i have no idea what they put on it but it was magic!  great surprise at lunch today! i would definitely return to try other things! don't let the meatless meat fool u, the sandwich is quite filling!
Not producing the same quality product as your other locations. They forgot to make my Udon Noodle Salad and quickly threw it together. There was no dressing or flavor, the "chicken" scarce and the bowl was not filled completely. Not right for the prices charged. Love Hip City overall but disappointed with the new location so far.
I came to Philly from LA and figured if I asked for vegan Philly Cheesesteak, that they would run me out of town.  Found this place immediately and got the vegan cheesesteak.  It absolutely did not disappoint and exceeded expectations.  Great roll, great "steak."  Mushrooms cooked to perfection.  So far, a highlight of my trip.  Staff was super friendly.  The space was nice.  I liked everything about it.   Will go back before I leave and try the breakfast.
This place is tops.
I ordered a ziggy burger, sweet potato fries, and kale lemonade (ok, and i also ordered the choc milkshake) and it was all delicious. The burger was a lot tastier and more substantial than the hashbrown-consistency burgers i have gotten at other places that serve vegetarian burgers. This burger was juicy too. The sweet potato fries were amazing. The kale lemonade had a good, familiar taste--a very pleasant drink. The milkshake was right on.
Oh and the staff were super friendly.
I got the Smokehouse Burger, he got the Chopped Med Salad - half romaine lettuce, half spinach. Both were sooooo good!! Everyone at the S Broad Street location was so nice. I'll be back if and when I come back to Philly!
This was delicious!! The ranch on the crispy chicken sandwich blew me away!! This was BETTER than chic fil a. The chick n tasted like real chicken and the order came up quick.
My go to is the chicken sandwich and never disappoints me.  This is a big sandwich and comes with lettuce, tomato, onion, and ranch sauce.  

The only complaint is that it's a pricey sandwich and you might still be hungry.  Probably want to add a side if you're here.
HOW IS THIS PLANT BASED???????? I am thoroughly SHOOK by this plant based crispy chick'n. It was so satisfying. The bun was nice and toasty. The ranch was drippppinngggg all over, but I was so into it. Onions were sliced too thick, but I still love them. I'm not sure how'd I critique this. Service was very nice. They do waste a lot of bags though. Not very environmentally friendly. $9-$10 for this burger. I'd do it again! I wish they didn't sloppily slap on the ranch though. I wanted to lick every last bit. The one on Broad is less busy than the other location for sure. Go to that one!
FOOD & HUMANITY AT ITS FINEST HipCityVeg Broad st Philly. 
This Saturday morning on my usual journey to pick up my favorite breakfast at HipCityVeg Broad street Philadelphia, I experienced an unexpected but virtuous act.  A fellow human being doing the Honorable and Decent thing.  I would like to say thank you to James & Josh and all at HipCityVeg Broad st for finding the $100 bill I dropped (A birthday gift from my Parents!)  and returning it to me.
 Not only Does HipCityVeg serve Some of the Best Vegan Food around, but they are truly good folk HonestyIntegrityPrincipled HIP!
I can't thank you enough!
Sincerely,  Lisa
My girlfriend loves this place, and we order delivery whenever she craves. They have an awesome lunch deal that is super worth it.  

I was so surprised the cheesesteak was so tasty with no meat! The sweet potato fries and sauce are bomb. The udon salad is great mix of flavors and textures. 

They are a staple in our takeout rotation.
Food: 4 out of 5
Cleanliness: 4 out of 5
Atmosphere: 4 out of 5
Service: 4 out of 5
Value: 3 out of 5

Great vegan spot by city hall. Location is very small so not a lot of space to sit down and have your mean so be ready to take it on the run. Good flavor but the portion size is a little small for the price. I would visit again.
The philly steak was delicious!   Service was great even when they were very busy with the lunch rush.  The kale lemonade was also delicious - kind of a mild flavor that wasn't too sweet or sour.  The sweet potato fries went well with everything.
I ate here a few times while I was visiting Philly, mainly because they were close to the conference I was attending.  But, I was not disappointed with my options and food.  It was pretty delicious and filling.  The menu is diverse, has a lot of good protein options, and is very fresh - sometimes you just want a fresh salad that isn't too light, but just right?  This is the place.

I would say they are a little pricey - I wasn't paying, so I didn't pay too much attention, but there are cheaper vegetarian and vegan eats in the city.  Still, for center city prices, this is a great buy.
Five star rating today, five star rating forever! How have I lived in Philly my whole life and have never been to HipCityVeg?! I've been missing out all these years. I love it here! 

I placed my order directly through the HipCityVeg website which is linked to DoorDash. I received a text notification that my food would be ready in 20-25 minutes. I went and picked it up before the 20 minute mark and my food was ready. 

I can honestly say this was the BEST vegan Philly cheesesteak I have ever had and I've had my fair share of vegan cheesesteaks. It was cheesy and piled high with onions and the bread was soft. The sweet po fries were crispy, not oily. The sauces were complimentary at the condiment counter. I devoured this meal and I would get the same thing again in a heartbeat. 

The employees at this particular location were very nice and let me know they didn't have the boxed water I requested so they provided me with a Spindrift water instead. Really great service all around! 

HipCityVeg is walking distance from where I work so I will definitely be stopping in on future lunch breaks!
In Philly, craving a Philly Cheesteak, and decided to switch it up and go the vegan route. I was not all disappointed! The seitan was a perfect steak substitute and the mushrooms and onions mixed in were delightful. The bread was so soft and incredibly filling. The sanwich overall was so big I could barely finish it. 

It's pretty much a grab and go restaurant. Service is fast, I think I was in and out within ten minutes. The staff was incredibly friendly and willing to help customers with suggestions. I also love that their sauce bar is free. I grabbed a couple to try. The house sauce is eerily similar to Chick Fil A sauce, but the Siracha Aioli was my favorite. I dipped a bit of my sandwich in it and it gave it an extra kick. 

I don't have much more time left in the city, but I might pop by tomorrow to try a few other menu options. It really was that great!
1st time customer and it was worth it.  The place is a bit small but the wait wasn't long. The restaurant was crowded and busy. The staff was pleasant and quick. I ordered the Philly Steak and sweet potato fries with cilantro-black bean dip. I substituted the long roll for the whole wheat wrap.  The taste was exquisite; just like a cheesesteak.  I was very pleased with my food and will be back for more.
So first I'd like to say that half of my problems with this recent visit are due to this specific location, but the other half of the problems were with Caviar as well. So it may be wise to just go to the restaurant directly to order rather than get delivery.

I had been gassing this restaurant up to my boyfriend, who had never eaten here before too so this was his FIRST experience with this place...

So I ordered through Caviar and I ordered two bundles which included the following:

1st bundle (mine):
-HipCity chick'n ranch sandwich
-quinoa chili 
-The BFG
-a cookie

2nd bundle (boyfriend's):
-HipCity chick'n ranch sandwich 
-sweet potato fries with sriracha aioli 
-cane sodas

After placing my order, the restaurant called me to inform me that there were a few issues with my order. They were out of the quinoa chili and they stopped selling the cane soda "a while ago" (then why hadn't it been updated on caviar?). I asked them to replace my quinoa chili with their Caesar salad and to replace his soda with another BFG.

So the delivery person gets to the hotel we were staying at and the fries are missing, but the aioli is there. There were also no utensils or napkins, so I had no way to eat the salad. I called them back to let them know we were missing a side, and they told me they had no way of delivering it to me and that I should deal with Caviar. They kept misunderstanding me as well - when I told them the sweet potato fries were missing, they seemed under the impression that I THOUGHT I had placed two and that I was mistaken, when in reality we had zero fries and had only placed one.

So I got off the phone so I could deal with caviar and the manager, Mikayla (Michaela? Sorry for typos) called me back AGAIN (this is the third time now that we're dealing with this over the phone) and after some rudeness from her I finally got heated - our order was wrong from the beginning and it was ridiculously overpriced (a little over $50 for this) AND a rude manager? Nah. So SHE called Caviar (which is honestly what she probably should've done after the second phone call) and had them refund me for the whole meal.

I was upset that my boyfriend's first time with this chain was so unnecessarily frustrating. I also usually never go to this location (go to the one on 18th - it's definitely more organized and more polite). This got bumped up to two stars because their food honestly is just SO good.

Ugh. Never going back to this location again.
Pleasantly surprised by this chain. As a vegan I was sure I gave up cheesesteaks for the rest of my life but that inclination changed after ordering from HCV. We obviously had to take our food to go (there's no seating inside and even if there were .. covid wouldn't allow it) and despite it being about 40° outside, we found a little park close by & quickly devoured our food. Highly recommend getting a side of nuggets. Pretty sure they're made with tofu (a huge plus for me) and they have the tastiest breading.
Never in a hundred years would I have thought Philly would be such an incredible city for vegetarian and vegan foods. Maybe because I don't know much about Philly and all I do know is cheesesteaks. Nevertheless, I was THOROUGHLY pleased and stumbled upon this spot. Great walking distance from The Bellevue for a quick lunch break.

The service was very friendly- much different compared to the people on the sidewalk. Don't get confused, I love the east coast attitude. Anyway- staff helped me decide on a burger and WOW! One of the best burgers (meat included) I've ever had! Thick, juicy, cheesy, & tasted fresh. I grabbed all of their sauces and can't remember which I liked the most, but I do remember liking all of them either way. I also got a side of fries but barely touched them because I was stuffed. That's how I knew it was an awesome burger...I didn't finish my fries first!

Yum.
This is a worthwhile vegan fast food place on Broad  St . We picked up two sandwiches- curry tofu and chickin( not chicken) with ranch dressing. Pretty good! Not a place you'd really want to eat in , although there  are three or four seats.They appear to have interesting drinks and smoothies.
I am not a vegan! But I love hipCityVeg! They have really outdone with their menu. We have been ordering takeout/delivery and have never once been disappointed. Our usual to go is the udon noodle salad which comes with chik'n and the sweet potato fries. 
The salad is wholesome, fresh and downright delicious. I can personally never finish it in one sitting. 
In the past i have tried the chik'n nuggets and they pretty good!
This branch of Hip City Veg serves breakfast! I met a friend here at 8 on a weekday morning, and we both tried the maple "chick'n" sandwich (I added smoked "gouda" cheese for $2), as a combo with a hashbrown and coffee. 

The sandwich isn't huge, and the breakfast combo was around $12. It's not cheap! But wow, was it amazing - completely worth it. You get a crispy fried vegan chicken breast with tempeh bacon, on a bagel, with the option to add homemade ketchup or other sauces. This sandwich is heaven. This is the kind of vegan breakfast sandwich that could convert an omnivore!
