Shabu shabu is usually so nice, it's named twice; however, Hippot serves Chinese-style hot pot using the Japanese name to fairly timid results. It's okay ... and, like a flat state in the bible belt, that's OK.

We went with the split pot (about $20) of Hot & Spicy in half and Herbal Pork Soup in the other half. Neither broth met expectations. The spicy wasn't spicy and the herbal wasn't herby. Both were like Giuliana Rancic: thin and comical.

Of course, high quality meats, veggies, noodles, and balls can rescue any hot pot from mediocrity. Or not. We selected an assortment of beef, lamb, fish balls, tripe, tofu, tong ho, mushrooms, and more. Most were priced in the $3-$4 range with the meat being about $7. My favorites were the winter melon, frozen tofu, and whatever was next because the meat was like Ben Affleck: sometimes tolerable.

Since sauces are self-serve creations of your own blend at Hippot Shabu Shabu, I had no one to blame, but myself if the dipping sauces were weak or lacked spice, but I'm gonna blame Anne Hathaway.

Our server had to be flagged down to get another beer, more broth, and more food, but once we asked, she was on it. Service was fine ... just fine ... like Chadwick Boseman.

Hippot Shabu Shabu is no celebrity when it comes to Chinese-style huoguo (hot pot). It's ok. Since the prices aren't bad, consider it an okay choice in Philadelphia.
I'm not a fan. 

Hippot Shabu Shabu seems like one of those places that should thrive but doesn't for some odd reasons. But once I sat down to eat I realized why. 

To order you'll first pick a base -- i chose the half/half which is a bone marrow + spicy hot broth. The soup alone cost $19.95, then I added a vegetable combination which cost $8.95, a plate of beef - $6.95, a plate of 3 frozen (and fishy smelling) oysters for $6.95, and bean thread vermecelli for $2.95. 

with one drink added, my total came out to be $55 ish (not including tip), which is just too much to spend on what i feel like is a subpar hotpot experience. 

I lived in Taiwan for a year where hotpot was just a common thing-- but here in philly it's feels like such an overpriced novelty and even in other cities, hotpot isn't this expensive! At the minimum, a hotpot "meal" typically comes with a small plate of meat + vegetables and you can add more for extra cost. But not here. 

to pay $20 for just the broth is just a step from ridiculous to me. 
What am i going to do with just a broth, swish it around?!

I won't be back.
Don't let the chinese name fool you..  It's definitely not the same "Mongolian Little Sheep" as the one in NY, NJ, CA.... They only used the same chinese name, but a different english name. Even though I confirmed it with the NY location that this was not one of their branch, I still decided to try this place.. I'm not a traitor, I swear! 

I'm glad I made reservation.. Yes, they take reservation. At 7pm, it was already pretty packed. Didn't have to wait at all to get seated and we just zipped on in to a table thats already waiting for us.

I have to say, service was pretty slow. With all the servers they had, it was hard to wave one down to take our order.. It would help if they would look up when they walk...

Opt'd for the individual pots. Every hotpot place has that large single or double pot. It's kinda cute to get the individuals, just my opinion. 

Hubby and I ordered a table worth of of food.. lamb, beef (in addition to the ones included), 'shroom, shrimp, squid, tofu, gizzard... Both the herbal and spicy broth was lacking flavor. With so much ingredients floating around, I expected a taste to it. But it was bland. 

The platter of meats were larger than i thought so thats a plus. The shrimp was fresh even though we didn't order the "live shrimp". 


It's great to see another shabu place in Philly, but they will need much more improvement.
This is definitely NOT the same hot pot as the Mongolian hot pot chain in NJ and NYC! Not even close and I didn't even like the one in Edison so I'm not even sure why they're trying to trick people into thinking it is. 

I made reservations with a friend from NYC who had been to the NYC one and was excited to try it out. We were seated promptly, but the waiter was some what unfriendly and slow with our orders and we just sat there admiring the nice decor. Maybe it's grand opening jitters and they'll get better with time, but it's something they definitely need to work on.

We each got a different flavor of hot pot and neither were really that flavorful. They looked great, but in the end it seemed like they were expecting the sauces to do all the heavy lifting. The meat came in larger quantities than expected, but I'm not too sure about the quality. My stomach was a little iffy afterwards, but no full blown diarrhea so that seemed fine. 

We were told it's a temporary BYOB when we called because they are working towards getting their liquor license. I prefer bringing my own drinks and not pooping water, so I think until I hear otherwise I will stick with the hot pot place on Cherry Street.
As background, my wife and I almost always eat Asian foods at home and when we go out. When in China and Hong Kong, hot pot is a routine and something we look forward to. Here in the US there are not too many but in China they are not only popular but they are "the" spot to go with family and friends.

We had seen the sign for Hippot Shabu Shabu while they were developing the site and were looking forward to its opening. There are various restaurants that say they have hot pot but none really recreate the hot pot of China, at least in the Philly area. 

We were in San Francisco the previous week and visited the Little Sheep branded hot pot restaurant. That one was headquartered in China until its recent acquisition by the US based YUM Brands. I say this only because it is a good comparison of a China based hot pot restaurant chain re-deployed in the US under the Chinese branding. 

So those are my points of comparison.

We were in Chinatown shopping on 9/6/2014 when we thought we would check on the Hippot to see if it had opened. We were happy to find it had and latter found out that they had just opened that day. What luck! We arrived about 7:00pm and it was packed. We had a twenty minute wait which was fine and the staff were very pleasant, checking on us and providing us with assurance we would have a table soon, and we did.

The menu is easy to follow and provides a wide array of food. Now if you are not used to hot pot the way it works is that you pay for a hot pot which contains a "soup" (my words) or base that can be herbal or spicy. You can get a split bowl which has two sections containing each type. Next you order meats, vegetables, dumplings and noodles. These are delivered raw. You then drop in what you want to eat into the bowl and let it cook. When you take out your food from the pot you can dip it in sauces and eat. 

As you enter the restaurant you will see it is very stylish in a subtle way providing an upscale and modern Asian feel. It is a nice departure from the more plain or gaudy restaurants in Chinatown. It can handle couples or large groups easily and is well ventilated so the steam of the hotpots doesn't linger too long. To the rear of the restaurant is the self serve sauce station. They had a wide variety of sauces and herbs that you can mix and match to your liking. I kept it simple though you can head in many directions and be happy. 

As I mentioned earlier, there is a wide variety of food, greater than others we have seen. We kept our order simple, order lamb, Taro, Enoki Mushroom, Tofu Skin, shrimp dumplings, and spinach. All was fresh and high quality which is something you can tell with hotpot since the food is raw unlike most any restaurant that smothers food with sauce and cheese. 

The staff were very helpful and attentive to all the guests. There were some day one confusions but nothing of substance and anything e encountered was quickly resolved with friendly apologies. Whatever kinks they had on the first and well attended day were minor and will be quickly worked out. 

All in all, Hippot Shabu Shabu is one of the best in Philly and the only hot pot restaurant that can compete on a level with those across the country and even in China. We definitely will be back and back often.
The first weekend of September 2014 is a big win for Philadelphia; this is the weekend Dilworth Park opened and this is the weekend Hippot Shabu Shabu opened. The appearance of Dilworth and Hippot Shabu Shabu indicate that Philadelphia is increasingly the place to be.

Why is Hippot Shabu Shabu opening here big news? Because Hippot Shabu Shabu, a very successful Chinese restaurant (founded in inner Mongolia) with locations around the world (Beijing, Macau, LA, etc.), must have done the math and decided that Philadelphia Chinatown is now a place they can succeed. (You maybe can't tell from the English name, but 小肥羊 definitely identifies this place as the very popular Chinese hot pot restaurant and apparently translates as 'Little Sheep Hot Pot' and thus explains the sheep on the outside sign and logo.)

The Hippot Shabu Shabu brand is good and staff say the soup base really is from  小肥羊. The interior of this restaurant is modern and sleek, and the tables, although they have cooking surfaces (with places for big hot pots and places for smaller personal hot pots), are clean and elegant. They have a liqueur license (although maybe not fully approved just yet). They also sell bubble tea!
So supposedly, the Chinese letters and their logo is recognized as "Little Sheep" which is a popular hot pot chain up in New Jersey, New York and etc. But why is it also called Hippot Shabu Shabu? If it were the actual place, you could of saved yourself some trouble and named it Little Sheep. Obviously, this is NOT the real thing so don't let them fool you into thinking they are legit! This restaurant isn't even owned by the actual Little Sheep company so you're better off traveling the distance and trying the real thing. Went here on a Friday night, and the service was really slow. When we first sat down, no one even greeted us or gave us our menus or water until we had to waved down a waitress. They even forgot some of our items and drinks which took forever to come out. The broths were not appealing at all due to the amount of ingredients they put inside for flavor, pretty annoying having to take everything out that came along with it. It was just way too much than what was needed. Also, a little bit on the bland side, the spicy broth was not spicy at all. Had a really bad stomachache after eating here, won't be coming back again! Doesn't even deserve a star but that's the lowest I can give.. :(
This place is awfully expensive for a place in which you do your own cooking and you get a feeling that most of your bill is going to the atmosphere rather than food quality.  We went for lunch on a sunday and the place was relatively empty which is always concerning, especially in chinatown where all the hot spots are usually thriving.

We tried the gamut of meat and vegetables and let's just say freshness wasn't necessarily the forte.  Our lamb plates came with noticeable pockets of brown and some of the cilantro looked wilted.

Our service on the other hand was decent which made the almost alarmingly high bill a little more reasonable, but even if my water cup was filled promptly and my server was polite it can't mask the quality of the food.

Do yourself a favor, put out some newspaper spend the $40 bucks it costs to get your home setup for hot pot and go to your local asian supermarket.  You'll be happier and more proud that you did it all by your bad self. TRUST ME.
So this review is for anybody wondering if this place is worth a 20+ minute wait. The short answer is no, because the hostess is lying about your wait time - it will be at least 3x longer than what she told you.

I'm sure the hot pot is decent - it's pretty hard to mess up a broth and raw meat / vegetables. Unfortunately, our group never got the chance to find out. We arrived on a fairly busy Saturday night with a group of 6 and were told it would be a 30 minute wait. This was shorter than the 1 hour wait at Simply Shabu (which wasn't taking names down), so we put our names down to wait. 90 minutes later, we'd been told "15 more minutes" three different times. If you're keeping score at home, that means we could have been seated at Simply Shabu instead of waiting at this incompetently operated restaurant. Eventually we just left.

If you're standing at the waiting area right now wondering why it's taking so long, I'd advise you to eat somewhere else. Maybe try Simply Shabu. The Hipppot hostess has no idea how long the wait is and will just tell you any number to keep you in line.
Wow. I am rather speechless at the level of service we got last night. Not only was our party of 5 seated at a table for 6, we were then asked to move to a table of 4 and added a chair at the end of the table because a party of 6 came in. 

On top of that, the servers were unbelievably rude to the point of just making everyone miserable. They also forgot part of our order. We also asked for water upon switching tables and finally got them halfway into our meal. Then no one came by to collect the check.

No food is worth this but the food itself isn't even that great. Serviceable, sure but it's nothing that's gonna blow you away. I strongly recommend against this place which is out of character for me because I always say give things a try yourself. Hard pass on this place, though.

Points for: Nothing. Absolutely nothing.
Negatives: Absolutely everything. Avoid like the plague.
I give this place 3.5 stars but moreso leaning towards the 4 stars! 

TIP: Check in for a free meat plate!!!

My group of 6 came here for dinner on a chilly night. I've been craving shabu shabu for some time so we decided to try out this newer place. We ordered both the spicy broth and the pork bone broth along with several beef plates, a lamb plate (our free one), squid balls, beef balls, shrimp balls, silky tofu,needle mushrooms, udon, and two or three orders of noodles. The veggies came with our broth orders. The amount of food we ordered was just enough for six people. Everyone really enjoyed the spicy broth! It was very flavorful and was a great option for the meats. I personally can't handle too much spice so I stuck with the pork bone broth more, which was pretty flavorful as well. The food came out in a timely manner, which is always good. They have a sauce bar that had a ton of options. There is something for everyone at that sauce/condiments bar. The service was good. Everytime the waiters saw our broth was running low, they would come by and refill it with some more broth. We were all really full and satisfied by the end of the meal. I thought it was reasonably priced for what it was. I've had cheaper shabu back at home, and for what I paid, I was willing to pay a little extra for an all you can eat option elsewhere. Definitely a good place to come as a group and share everything though.
I was fairly disappointed with this place. It was fairly expensive, for one. 

Secondly, I ordered the split pot with both spicy and herbal broth. The spicy broth comes nowhere close to being edible. It's nothing but hot oil. Don't get me wrong; I love spicy food. This, however, burned my insides to the point where I didn't want to eat anymore. That side of the pot remained untouched. 

Service was okay. It took forever for someone to come get our check so we walked it up to the front. 

Would not recommend.
This is my first time doing dine-out hot pot.  This is something I usually do at home with my family.  Hot pot with too many people can become very expensive due to the amount of extra items you order.  
I decided to give this place a try with my friend.  We did the single serve shabu (spicy broth) which was a good deal (12.95), it came with a plate of meat of your choice (pork, chicken, beef) and a bowl of vegetables (corn, cabbage, mushroom, some vermicelli).  We also ordered sides of tofu (very smooth), udon noodles, vermicelli.  

The spicy broth:  it was seriously spicy, almost lacked flavor because I couldn't taste anything but spice.  I can tolerate spice, but at least have some flavor other than HOT!!!!!!  There was some beads in the broth where if you unfortunately took a bite of it will immediately ruin your taste buds. My friend and I unfortunately took a bite of it and really was the worst taste ever experienced.   I'm not sure why they're in there, but certainly didn't give the broth anymore flavor than what it was lacking already.  

The sauce bar: there were a huge variety of sauces, but I would recommend the restaurant to get plates with multiple wells because it's an inconvenience to walk back and forth if you want more than 2 types of sauce.

Overall, hot pot is a unique type of dining.
I had a poor first experience here when I came during its initial opening week with poor customer service and tiny food portions. 

However, due to limited lunch hot pot options in Chinatown, I decided to come back and give it a try. I ended up with a beef lunch combo w/ udon and a free side of tofu with a yelp check-in! It was a steal at $8.95 pre-tax and pre-tip. The beef was plenty for a lunch special, and though the veggies were limited, the free veggie side made up for it. My biggest complaint is the fact that for over 24hours after my meal, my mouth is still left severely dehydrated and feeling inundated with sodium and MSG. Note to those who wish to avoid hypertension and possible kidney failure - add cups of water to your broth before drinking it! Hippot, work on fixing your broth and maybe there will be a third chance..
The hot pot here was fantastic and on a Tuesday night the place was pretty packed.  The restaurant is getting a liquor license but as of last week they were still BYOB. The service was extremely friendly, but our waitress did forget a few of our items and a lot of the things took a long time to come out, which is interesting since everything just comes out raw on a plate and you just cook it in the broth.

I tried the spicy broth which was delicious and flavorful.  The tofu skin and the pork were my favorites as were the dumplings (referred to as "balls" on the menu).  I also loved the buffet of dipping sauces with a wide range of options to satisfy my spice craving, such as pickled jalapenos to chili garlic.  Despite the slow service, I will definitely be back here again.
Was really excited to see a hot pot place open but was totally disappointed after leaving it.  I hate to give places one star because it has to be totally horrible, like service, food, value, everything has to be horrible to get one star but I really couldn't find anything positive to take away from my dining experience here.  I understand it is a new place, so I'll give it some slack there but they brought out the wrong order to our table, the food took forever to come out when it's just raw, uncooked food and it shouldn't really take any time to put on a plate and bring out to the table, they messed up our bill and charged us extra for things we didn't even order, the portions were too small, and it was too expensive for what you get.  The broth wasn't anything special, the toppings/sauce station has nothing but regular sauces and nothing special either.  We spent over $50 for a table of 2, you can go to Jane G's in Center City and get all you can eat for $30 per person with way more food, way better food, way better environment, way better service.  So basically, I'd rather spend that extra $10 and get full and have better food and broth then leave hungry at Hippot.  Plus, they are trying to fool people that they are Little Sheep with their misleading logo.  I've eaten at Little Sheep and it is amazing, unfortunately, this is not...
I don't know.. It was great to try Chines style shabu shabu, but because I'm so used to Korean and Japanese shabu shabu, I couldn't handle those ingredients floating on the stocks. In addition, there were so many herbs and very strong seeds really disturbed my taste. 

Unless my friends suggests this place for dinner and meetup, I won't suggest this place to any body..
Alright place to get hotpot around Chinatown if you're not in the mood for all-you-can-eat, stuff yourself to a food coma amounts of food. You pay a flat price for the soup base you want (pork bone, herbal pork, spicy, veggie, etc.) which comes with a plate of your choice of vegetable, and then you buy plates of extra meats/veggies to dip. There's a pretty big make your own 
sauce bar with tons of things I don't even recognize, and a board with popular combinations.

Came here with a friend and ordered the herbal pork bone soup with a side of mushrooms, and added the vegetable combo platter, a couple orders of fish balls, beef, and pork intestine. For only $9, the vegetable platter was a great deal and came with more than enough mushrooms, tofu, watercress, and other greens. I don't normally recommend fish balls as they can have a lot of thickener/filler material, but if you are going to get some, get the stuffed ones: Fu Zhou and Mentai fish balls. The Fu Zhou ones have savory minced pork inside and the Mentai have a delicious fish egg filling (just be careful when you take them outta the pot, they'lre like lava!).

The broth, however, was disappointingly bland. You'd think with all of those herbs and seasoning in it it would taste great but every sip was lacking in flavor and salt. There was a fair amount of beef but it comes unseasoned (which is normal for hotpot places), so the lack of soup flavor meant the meat did too.

The final bill was about $24 each, not super expensive but for a bit more we could just go to AYCE at Nineting and stuff ourselves. While the vegetables, meat, and sauce bar were all great, the broth is definitely lacking.
When one of my friends noticed that a new hot pot place had opened in Chinatown, a group of us girls decided to take a food venture and visit on a Saturday evening. As noted in my 3-star review, I'd say that other than its HIP venue, it's kind of "gone to POT" (haha, get it?)

Okay but seriously, the trendy spacious environment offered a great ambiance, especially for a group on a night out. But that was probably one of the few favorable impressions from our visit to Hippot. 

For one thing, the process of ordering food caused major confusions, which was exacerbated by our impatient waitress. The menu lacked any combination platters so we were told that had to order each meat/veggie/noodle to cook separately. But then we were later told that each pot came with a small combination basket that had a little bit of everything in it. When we asked for clarification on the size of the basket, our waitress did not look happy with us. Also, some of the portions of individual dishes were not explicit, but we didn't want to keep asking her more questions. Admittedly, my personal knowledge of hot pot restaurants are somewhat limited, but I came with 6 other girls who were veteran hot pot eaters, and it all felt unnecessarily complicated for us. 

Not only was the ordering process unclear, the resulting cost was nebulous as well. Since it was hard to estimate how much food we would need to feel satisfied, it was also difficult to determine how much the bill would be for the group. In the end, it came out to $20 per person, which felt pretty steep. Especially since we weren't majorly full and the meal didn't contain any highly expensive ingredients.

But to conclude on a positive note, the food tasted pretty good, especially the fish tofu that I tried for the first time! Also, I had fun creating little individual sauces from an array of options at the "sauce bar", which is used to dip the food into for flavor. Even if it's not worth the confusion, service, and price, at least we enjoyed the food/venue!
My gf and i were there last night bc we love Shabu. The decor is nice and people were pretty friendly but the food was just ok  IMO. The broth was flavorful but super oily and the meat was relatively tough compared to other shabu places. I would prob come back as it was decent but not great.
This new shabu shabu place opened up in Chinatown so I visited this location on a Friday night, around 5-6pm. We walked in without a reservation, but we were quickly seated. We ordered the half/half hot pot with a spicy and herbal broth. The broths were a bit bland for us. But then again, the whole point is that you're supposed to cook your meats and vegetables in the broths, which will in turn, flavor the broth.  The wait staff mostly assumed that all of their customers spoke Chinese until you made it apparent that you couldn't understand them. The waitresses were really friendly, the waiters, on the other hand, were not so pleasant. The sauce bar is a cool idea, though it's located far in the back where most customers were unaware of it. I recommend coming to restaurant with a group of 4+, so you don't waste unoccupied space and make reservations, esp if you plan on having dinner here. As always, because its shabu shabu, your bill may be high. 

Because this is probably the only shabu shabu place in Chinatown, its definitely a place that you should visit.
Worst customer service ever. My friends and I went in today to eat hot pot, and we ordered "beef". Clearly I pointed to the $6.95 beef and told the waiter we wanted that one. He brings out two plates of beef and so we ate it thinking that it was the beef we ordered. When the check comes out it says $15.95 per serving (over 30 bucks!). When I pointed it out to the waitress who brought our check, she shrugged and said "oh well you ate it already". Are you kidding me? After messing up our order, she blames us for not knowing the difference of what we ate. How the hell am I supposed to know as the customer what the difference is between sirloin beef and the beef I ordered when it's on a plate?! The worst part was, she starts talking about us in Chinese to the waitress next to her, thinking we can't understand. Completely ignorant and racist servers. Your food is decent hippot, but I will not return here ever again as long as your service is this crappy.
This was my first time having hot pot in a restaurant in the states. My family and I (6 people) went in there for hot pot because I was craving it and was too lazy to prepare it at home. First thing I noticed was the name, it's more of a Chinese style hot pot than it is shabu shabu, so it was kinda confusing. But I guess thats how most restaurants are in our country. 
We ordered 2 pots and they came with some lettuce, vermicelli, mushroom etc. The lettuce was kind of old and still had dirt on it, the other stuff was okay. Since it was our first time there and being seated by the entrance, we were wondering where the sauces were, no one had told us there was a sauce bar in the back and when we asked for sauce, the waitress' attitude made it seem like we should know they had a sauce bar. So I headed to the bar and it was open tubs of sauces, what a great selection i thought to myself, until i was little flies buzzing around it. When i got back to the table, the food was there, and again, little flies buzzing around our raw meat, in the middle of a cold winter night. So the flies couldn't have flew in from outside but were hatched inside the restaurant. Order portions were kind of small compared to the prices. The 6 of us ended up spending around $300 in total. 
I think if there weren't flies and the price was a little bit more reasonable, i would give them a 4 star.
Would i go back again? No. But if you're interested and flies on raw meat doesnt bother you, I'd say give it a try.
Food is not fresh. Gave me too much food/vegetables when I ordered first time. Can't even finish, can't try other food. Otherwise, they charge u fee for left over food. Nine ding is better
Coming from Seattle (Little Sheep Mongolian hot pot or Swish Swish hot pot) and being able to enjoy all you can eat hot pot on the west coast and in Richmond, BC (KK Dollar Hot pot) is quite the luxury.  We were definitely on the hunt for a good hot pot restaurant, all you can eat if possible.  We came across Hippot and decided to give it a try. The restaurant is located in Chinatown so parking is quite a hassle.  The restaurant is large, modern and clean.  The staff is plentiful and service is okay.  

The sauce bar is great and you can mix it according to your own taste.  The meal comes with a few small sides and a small plate of veggies.  The a la carte items are a bit pricey.  The beef is fatty and do NOT order the shrimp slide.  That so called shrimp paste was not good nor worth the money.  The noodles come in pretty large portions.  Definitely order the vegetable plate for $8 bc the complimentary veggie portion is tiny, that's only if you enjoy lots of veggies with hot pot bc we do.

Overall, the flavors are reminiscent of what we've had and enjoyed in the past, but it was definitely not worth the cost. We spent about $90ish for 3 people. We can easily whip up hot pot at home for the fraction of the cost.  We would possibly try this place again, but only during lunch.

The search for all you can eat hot pot continues.
Came here on a Saturday night, made reservation for 6:30 and by the time we left, close to 8:00 pm, all tables were filled. Service was quick and swift and the place has a modern feel. The meat and vegetables were very fresh. There's a little nook where all the sauces are, and while it looks nice, it's not very practical because only 1 or 2 people can help themselves at a nice. Check came out to be a little pricier than I expected, but overall, it was a good experience.
don't expect too much and you should be ok.. 

fried tofu skin is a must! and love the split pot thing.

believe it not, it can b a great date place lol my bf and i had a good time just shabu-ing the night away at a very leisure pace.  we didn't order a lot, just the items we both enjoy.  the 2nd round of meat was super disappointed but you know how it goes at these acye places.. it went from 30% fat to like.. 80% fat.. well i guess price dictates the quality in chinatown.. we stopped by hippot b/c little sheep was a 45 min wait lol

you're not missing out if you don't try hippot but don't dismiss it b/c it's not little sheep lol
The all you can eat for a little over $20 is a great deal. You get to choose up to 3 bases for your hot pot. They have blue crab, shrimp, pork blood, pork brain, pork liver, lamp, beef, and plenty of choices. They also have plenty of seasonings for you to choose.
This is my 3rd time here. 

The first time I came here, I felt it was overpriced. My sister and I between the two of us ate about $90 of food and we were still hungry afterwards.

The second time I came here, I had an ok experience. They had started offering the all you can eat hot pot and my coworker and I ordered that. The all you can eat hot pot had a nice amount of choices.

The third time I came here, the service was pretty bad. I came with 3 friends and we ordered the all you can eat hot pot. We marked off what we wanted. Some of the items we requested didn't come out so we had to ask for them again. We had to ask for certain things multiple times before we received it. We actually asked for shrimp 5 times before we received it. Additionally the servers never came to check on us and there weren't that many customers since we came for lunch. We had to request for everything (ie refilling our soup bases, etc.). I might come here again if someone wants to come but I would not come on my own.
Pros
- There were many sauces
- The stove worked properly


Cons
- Spicy broth base wasn't good, it had to be extensively seasoned with the sauces
- Add-ins were disappointing. Not much on each plate.
- The waiters weren't attentive to refilling beverages/water (4 tables with parties, 8 tables empty, saw around 4-5 waiters)
- The Shrimp dumpling order was disappointing, it turned out to be ground shrimp balls in wonton wrapper, rolled into a stick, less than an inch diameter
I've been wanting shabu shabu in Philadelphia for so long -- and now we have more than one -- that's awesome.

The decor at Hippot is very nice. The service is okay -- our waiter seemed new and didn't know much about the options, but we managed. The prices are good. Lunch is especially a good deal, and there are lots of a la carte options -- many kinds of protein and tofu, etc.

The sauce bar has many possible ingredients. We appreciated that. And the pots are nice -- you can get a big pot for multiple people (with the option of splitting it in two for different broths) or you can get small pots for each diner. I tried the spicy broth and found it a little too spicy. Plus, there were so many ingredients in the broth that it made it difficult to find the meat and noodles I'd been cooking!

Decent prices for beer.

Overall I enjoyed this restaurant and would go back, especially for lunch.
This is some amazing hot pot! And they have a really good lunch special -- $8 for most meats and $10 for seafood. My friends and I came here for lunch and left so stuffed! I got the seafood platter, and it came with shrimp, calamari, and clams with veggies and mushrooms. So good! I opted for the Tom Yum broth that was delicious. They also have a sauce bar where you can pick up garlic, hoisin, cilantro, vinegar, or whatever your heart desires to add to the broth. My friends got meat options and they were very happy with their meals, although one of my friends added on some snails to her meal that were not so good (just not what she expected because they were huge!).
Mmmm my favorite hot pot spot in the city. Broth is flavorful and the service is also really good. A few don't speak English that well, but when another server sees that the customer is trying to communicate other things besides food, they will run right up to help.

I tend to do the AYCE since I find it a better deal, but if you can't eat much, I don't recommend it. I would price out the items you would have normally gotten and if it's close or more to the AYCE, then just do the AYCE style.

My favorite items are the flat chewy glass noodles, tofu skin, watercress, beef, sliced pork, and fish cakes. Of course they have tons and tons more, but those are the items I normally get seconds or even 3rds on.

The first time I went, I didn't know they had a sauce bar until I went to the restroom. I wish the server did mention it when we ordered. That was the only downfall.

I will definitely be back.
As a group of 5 on a Friday night, we were seated quickly. The host handed us a menu and walked away without a word. Having done hotpot before, we filled out our order form quickly and then sat for over 20 minutes while we waited for any of the 5 or 6 waitstaff to take our orders. They congregated on either side of the restaurant and stared at the customers or talked amongst themselves, but didn't once come over to our table. Others who came after us were waited on and had their drinks AND meal before we even spoke to another server. We were just about to get up and leave, when one of us decided in a last ditch attempt to flag a server down as he was walking by. His reply  when we asked to place our order was to simply say "okay." 

After they took our order, the food came quickly and was fresh. The broths we ordered (bone broth and pork herbal broth) were a little bland, but improved with the sauces from the sauce bar.

The beverages were tasty and well-made. 

In summary, service was poor, food was average. There are far tastier and friendlier options for hot pot in and around Philly.
While I appreciate the great service, fresh decoration flower on the dish and freebie calendar, I am just disappointed that the spicy soup base was bad. Spicy soup base is probably one of the key pillars in hotpot and they simply don't have it. It is almost like they just use hot water and dump some spicy oil in it, completely flavorless. 

Besides the disappointing soup base, beef is ok, fish is smelly, mushroom is bad and not fresh at all, pork ball is good, fish dumpling is decent, sauce is standard.

Please fix the quality of soup and food before you spend all those money on fresh flower decoration or freebie. People come to your restaurant for food. If you want to charge a premium in Chinatown, at least present some decent good food.

It is no wonder that there was no line on a Friday night :(
It's my second time coming to this place and I truly love this place. First time I came here was with a friend and we got the half/half soup and chose the herbal pork soup and hot and spicy soup. The spicy soup is indeed super spicy. I had to mix both soups and even doing that didn't do justice for my mouth. Anyway. Aside from the spice, they offered a selection of meats and veggies. We got the chicken which was so thinly sliced that it literally cooked in less than a min. We also got potato noodles with fish tofu , needle mushrooms and some meat balls. They also offer a variety of sauces from their sauce bar. 

My second time was with my bf. We got the Tom yum soup with fish tofu, shrimps, needle mushroom, vermicelli noodles, chicken and salmon.


The place has a modern feel and upbeat music playing in the back ground. The service is wonderful. When your soup starts to evaporate the server will come around and add more soup. 

Each visit is always ends with a happy stomach. I would definitely keep coming here
Yay! I'm a fan of the lunch special that is!  We spent less than $20 for two on lunch on hotpot.  Yep, pretty much can't be beat.  We both ordered the Noodles with beef for $8.25.  I got the tom yum soup with udon and the husband opted for the hot & spicy with fish meat noodle.  From the looks of what came out I did not have high hopes of being full but there was enough meat and veggies, we left content.  The tom yum soup was very flavorful I could have finished the whole pot of soup.  I suppose what filled me up was the thickness of the udon.  The husband stated his hot & spicy was really not spicy.  The restaurant was clean, the staff was prompt, the sauce bar just had too much to look at.  I'm not sure if i would come back for the regular menu, everything just seems so pricey, I'm quite happy just coming here for lunch.
I come here to get my money's worth of lamb thinking since it was all Chinese people working, the lamb should be good. NOPE. I guess they weren't kidding about being named Shabu Shabu. Been here twice and the beef is much better than the lamb. More fat/marbling, whereas the lamb is very lean and not meant for shabu/hotpot honestly.

-The spicy broth isn't that spicy, but it may be for non-asians. 
-The sauce station is great to have as some people enjoy that. 
-Watermelon as free dessert, step it up and offer ice cream, offering watermelon is NOT HIP. That's wayyyyy too Chinese restaurant style.
-The free peanuts is good though, sweet and salty!

I don't see what's "hip" about this place besides the fact that they play English and Chinese music.
As a waiter myself, I despises the idea of "gratitude" that is in use in most restaurants. It allows the waiter to do nothing while expecting a tip from the customers. Tip is earned, not a given fact. If a waiter such as myself would like to get a decent tip, we must work hard to make sure everything is well with the customers. Refilling water, talking orders, clearing plates etc. That's why I used to go to Hippot Shabu Shabu. However, when I went today, I was shocked to see them adopting this method of "gratitude" as well. I decided to ask the waiter about when this happened and the reply left me boiling with anger. The waiter told me "it's because you didn't leave any tip last time" which I do each time I eat here. It angers me even more since this is the first time I actually decided on NOT to tip due to how bad the service was. I was out of drinks, food, plates on my table, hotpot water drying up, the food I did order didn't come and only after I asked for some more did someone come to do something about it... this happened multiple times as I was eating there. Yet she has the nerves to ask for a tip, a gift of actual gratitude from the customer to the waiter for giving them a good experience, that of which she did not deserve at all. If you are looking for a place to eat with good service and hard working waiters looking to make your experience special, this is NOT it. 

Not going back again after this, not with being forced to pay for god awful service.
All you can eat hot pot! I went there alone after working out! I am happy to be able get a personal hotpot.
The seafood was fresh and you can get as many crabs as you can eat! The broth tasted really light but there is a sauce bar all the way inside the restaurant so you can easily control the saltiness and spiciness of it!The drink is not included so you have to order separately but the price is reasonable,I had a coke and it only charged 1.5$ instead of some all you can eat restaurant that would charge you double.
It holds a good value for all you can eat hot pot!
You also get a slice of juicy watermelon to refresh after your hotpot!
Love it here! Super Covid conscious which makes it a huge plus. They pack all the sauces separately and each table has plastic to cover the booths up for safety. Everything was super fresh. I highly recommend the chicken wings it was so juicy and crunchy!
Great shabu shabu! Great service, reasonable price. My kids loved cooking their own food.  It has a modern, hip atmosphere.  a must place to visit if you're a foodie!  Tip: do not order the hot broth if you can't handle super spicy food!!!
I have been to my fair share of hot pot restaurants in various cities and I often do hot pot at home. Therefore, I feel that I am comfortable rating this specific restaurant. 

Pros:
-many soup choices, but the bone soup is fantastic
-many items to choose for your hot pot with a good amount on each plate
-food was fresh tasting
-sauce bar to mix your own sauces!
-attentive and friendly servers
-you'll very likely spend less money than at an all-you-can eat hot pot place
-relatively clean restaurant

Cons:
-looks as though an unlicensed contractor built some of the place (like many Chinese restaurants) so I'm not sure how long the "box" on one side of the restaurant will last. It's already drooping. I would ask to sit on the other side.
-bathroom smelled

Overall: great, fresh food, fantastic bone soup (what you really pay for at a hot pot place), and a comfortable (slightly hip) atmosphere with mid-range prices

Suggestion to start with: bone soup, beef, Fuzhou fish balls, chrysanthemum, frozen tofu, noodles
Stumbled upon this place walking around Chinatown today. Now that Simply Shabu is closed, hello Hippot Shabu Shabu!

What brought me in was their clever outdoor sign " lunch special $8.95", I'll take it. So it's $8.95 for chicken or beef, and an upcharge to $10.95 for seafood. I opted for the seafood which consisted of two shrimp, two clams, a few squid, 2 shitake mushrooms, your choice of noodle type , spinach and 2 mushroom ears with your choice of broth. 

It certainly is enough to fill you, I think so anyway. The broth wasn't very flavorful to be honest, I had to do quite a bit of seasoning from the sauce bar. I did enjoy the variety at the sauce bar, they pretty much have everything you need: hot oil, sesame oil, garlic, soy sauce, sesame paste, "bbq sauce / sha cha " , scallions, cilantro etc. 

Service was friendly, although the lady was much more attentive than my assigned gentleman server. 

It's not the best hot pot you'll have in the world, but it's pretty much all we have in the area, and it's not bad. Worth a shot, and definitely worth the shot if you've never had hot pot before! ( Think Asian melting pot, cook your own food in your personal pot)
Wow! Delicious and cozy! If you are looking for a one of a kind experience and are adventurous when it comes to food, definitely check out Shabu Shabu!

Although the waiters were a little grumpy, the service wasn't bad. Food definitely was worth it!
This place DOES NOT honor their yelp promotions. I came in on a weekday around noon for their lunch special, and asked the waiter about the 'mention yelp for a free drink' deal. He said that they can't do that, and said he'd check with the manager (who obviously said no also). The reasoning is that "the lunch combo is already cheap". If that is the case, why advertise on yelp about a free drink with the lunch combo for mentioning yelp or checking in? It felt pretty dirty - false advertising to lure customers in then not keep to their word. 

Aside from that the food is pretty decent, 4 stars if not for the dirty and dishonest business practice. I've yet to try Simply Shabu.
I'll give this restaurant four stars. I just had a late night dinner here at Hippot Shabu Shabu. It is my first time going out to eat Shabu Shabu. I was really excited to finally try it out. 

First, the waiter was very attentive. He makes sure that our water is filled , our cleaned plates are taken , our broth is filled and keeps checking in. It's very important that a waiter does this, because you fill like you are well taken care of other than just sitting there and waiting for some service. They did an A+ on that. 

Second, the menu. The menu was very simple , that is a good thing. I hate menus that are very complicated. I just want to see the choices in categories , and thats what they exactly did. The soup choices were on the front . Then the meats, vegetables, balls, seafood and all those things. 

Third, the food. Of course, the most important part of a restaurant is there food. I think their food is good but not sooo good. The broth was pretty good. It was not As flavorful as I want it to be but it is not bad all. I got half of herbal and half of the hot and spicy soup. The hot and spicy soup was very flavorful but it was too hot for me. The herbal soup , was okay , it was short of plain for me. Other than that, they have a bunch of choices of meats and vegetables. I got beef, chicken , needle mushrooms, assorted vegetables, beef meatball & noodles. It was very very filling. 

Fourth, the price. I would say that it is pretty pricy. The soup itself $22 and then the meats and vegetables goes from $3-$7. It is not so pricy , but not such a reasonable price. 

Overall , the service is great, the restaurant is great, the food was in the middle of good-great and the price is okay .
Don't ever go here! A bunch of us had our tummies upset after eating here! (Some of us for the second time)

The staff does not understand the difference between "meat" and "no meat". We asked the server 5-6 times if they could make a soup without meat, fish oil and fish sauce. She said yes but got us soup with chicken broth anyways. Every time she refilled the broth we confirmed with her that it did not have any meat. She kept adding the chicken broth. We only found out at the end of the meal when the server changed and the other one told us it was chicken broth when we asked again. Inspite of requesting to speak to the owner, she left knowing there was a problem and we wanted to speak to her. 

The manager apologized but kept giving excuses like the server didn't know English (although she got everything else in our order right). Then she said for some customers chicken is not meat. We explained to her that we have never eaten meat and it's taboo per our religion.

What worries me is that if one of us was allergic to something, we would be lied to and it would have been put in our food after several requests.
On this rainy, dreary day I found myself craving hot pot- Hippot does a well priced lunch special that was worth the wet trek. 

For $8.95 you get your choice of broth, noodles, meat, and on the platter with your meat are also spinach, a couple of mushroom pieces, and some tofu skins. On top of that, I ordered some fried tofu, extra enoki mushrooms, and a boba. The size of my little hotpot was just right, and I found the tom yum broth to be pretty well balanced. The lamb slices weren't the thinnest/most tender I've ever had, but they held up well in the broth and were pretty tasty. The sauce bar also had more than enough options to assemble a tasty dipping sauce. 

They also have a $21.95 (I think?) all you can eat option, which I'd be willing to return to try. Big space, would be fun to come with friends!
Spent a Saturday night at Hippot for my nephews 21st birthday.   There were 8 of us and ordered just about everything on the menu.   The food was fresh, fun and pretty good.

Of all of the dishes we had there were none that were terrible nor fantastic but would certainly return.

Downside is bar selection.
No gimmicks, no frill, just really good all you can eat hotpot for a very reasonable price. We ended up trying this place on a weekday night. We quickly checked off ingredient after ingredient and was eating in minutes. Their spicy soup base really has a kick and flavored the meat well. Everything was fresh and their sauce bar is top-knotch. I would recommend avoiding the shrimp dumplings as all you could taste is mostly the dough, but definitely give their fish balls a try!
Atmosphere/Ambiance: what negatively stood out to me was the ripped chairs I noticed in the booth I was seated at and glancing at others. It's not a good look when you have to duck tape the seats on the booths... you can do better as a restaurant and business to get that fixed. 

The menu/food: there's lots of options which is a plus but the downside for me and my experience is that I was wary about ordering mainly the seafood (mussels, crab legs, scallops) but my friend wanted them so we got them. I felt that the shrimp was fine but I was iffy about eating the mussels and crab legs I read in others reviews that it didn't taste fresh. One of the things we ordered was the corn and that was not fresh and tasted old. Couldn't even eat it. Also a note: saw some Kbbq items on the menu but I wouldn't bother-it wouldn't taste good and or authentic. Plus I read reviews that it was lacking flavor so don't waste your money.

Before ordering our broth flavors we asked our waitress to see if she had any she would recommend and she didn't seem to understand what I was asking as I was pointing at the broths in the menu.. her response seemed unsure in and so we just went with the tomato and pork bone - which was safe and it ended up lacking in flavor so we just dealt with it and added some salt and other seasonings from the sauce bar to enhance the flavor the way we liked. Our waitress also wouldn't ask if we wanted more broth but would just pour it into our pot and she did this 3 times (after the 2nd time and we were feeling full-I had to sort of yell so she can stop pouring and say "no more please!!" And then she stopped  The communication was lacking which made the service overall "eh" because I'm pretty sure she wasn't speaking much and seemed confused. I gave a 20% tip for her trying but I'm annoyed now. 

Wouldn't come back.
I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this place considering I've had only OK experiences at other hot pot restaurants in Philly.  My friends and I decided to give this place a try on a quiet Monday night since the other hot pot place was closed. Thankfully this place was delicious and I've found a new favorite hot pot joint!

So my group of 4 people ordered the "split" pot with 2 flavors of broth: Tom Yum Soup
Herbal Pork Soup. I wish they had more combo platters for the meats and veg, but what we ordered turned out ok. We ordered a la carte what we liked and also got the seafood platter which was very plentiful and good.  The soups were very flavorful and even though we ordered a la carte on some of the ingredients, the portions were decent.  We got a mixed veggie "basket" and some noodles with our order. Even though I'm not a huge fan of lettuce in my hot pot (one of the veggies included in the veg basket), I liked that the vegetables included a large variety of green vegetables and some mushrooms - this is much more in line with the traditional hot pot that I like to eat.

The sauce bar was in a small space in the back and had tons of options which I appreciated.  It's in a tight cubby though so really not more than 1-2 persons can make sauce at a time. They also serve beer and bubble tea - I ordered the passionfruit juice with lychee jelly and it was good. 

Overall, I really enjoyed this place. The service was decent and prices are ok as well. Most importantly, the hot pot soups were fantastic. I think having a good, flavorful soup base is so important. I'll definitely be back.
It is fake little sheep！ Unbelievable！ I was tricked here. And this feels more expensive than the real one. Why people give 5 star？They never eat Chinese food before？

Yelp or this restaurant should avoid misleading people！
Around 12.95 for an individual hot pot, I think it's around 23 if you share and get the bigger one. I got the spicy broth, it was pretty spicy which was what I wanted but if you think it's light spicy, think again. So I got the spicy individual broth with beef, it came with a basket of vegetables (thin noodles , an egg,  mushrooms, veggies, and cabbage). The amount of food was satisfying but I wasn't full by any means (then again I do eat a lot). You can make your own sauce in the sauce station (there was bucket labelled MSG...not sure if serious or not). I like to put the egg in my sauce and mix it. I also ordered the pork balls (came with 6). Overall it was pretty good but  I think it'd be cheaper to hot pot at home. If you can't hot pot at home I'd come here. 

Make a reservation- Line is LONG on weekends, you might end up waiting over an hour if you don't make a reservation. Service is friendly!
I was a little worried coming here because of some of the reviews, but this was actually pretty solid experience. I couldn't care less whether they have a similar logo as a chain in NYC, but some of the reviews mentioned a greasy broth and I didn't know what that might mean. 

The soup base here is awesome! It's rich and flavorful and full of seasonings the way hot pot (Shabu) should be. 

As a bonus, the decor is modern and hip, and they're all decked out for Halloween.

We spent $1 more than we did at Simply Shabu for two people, for about the same amount of food. I liked both places but definitely would come back here and bring friends.
This place does not like it if you come by yourself. I noticed the people around me was given small plates with appetizers such as edamame and other items. I wanted something warm after being in the snow all day so I thought this will be perfect but I was on business travel by myself. The waitress wanted me to order more food than I can eat. I felt like the waiters were short with me and I felt like they wanted group business more than a single customer. The experience and customer service wasn't the best. I don't think I will be visiting again.
Went back here for lunch. Saw they had some lunch special, but ended up going with the traditional hot pot. 

Ordered a variety of things

Our order included:

Beef, good
Oysters, not that good
Fish, good
Vancouver crab, good
Beef penis, Ok
Fried tofu skin, still amazing
Fried Tofu ball, OK
Fish tofu (or was it shrimp tofu ?), good
Cuddle fish paste, good
Some vegetables. 

Overall the meal was good. Servers were fairly attentive only missing one order and not refilling our hot pot automatically. 

I'm glad to report that our half spicy half regular broth was nicely flavored. The spicy Szechuan pepper side was much milder than when they first opened... Which is a good thing to those not looking for intense numb your tongue spice. Others may call it fake Szechuan hot pot though.... I won't be one of them.

I would like to say that the waiter should have notified us of the price of the crab. It was market price, $49. Kinda high but maybe it's not in season??  Either way, we were fine paying it, just a little shocked when we got the bill... Please fellow yelpers, be warned, ask how much the item is if you're ordering market price items. 

PS, still good music playing. :)
I've been here several times with my family, and every time it's a bit disappointing.

The food just doesn't feel fresh and the broths lack flavor. The condiment bar feels dirty for some reason. The meal is pretty pricy for what you get. I've been to other hot pot places (unfortunately haven't found a good one in philly yet) and this one is on the bottom of the list. 

Surprisingly, they do make a decent bubble tea!
So good. My usual hotpot place is still closed so we tried this one and they did NOT disappoint! All Covid precautions were followed and everyone was in masks. More importantly-the food was delicious! We got the pork bone broth with a bunch of different veggies, meats, seafood and everything was fantastic. Plus the service was excellent. Constantly refilling the broth as well as a lovely sauce bar. Also, all you can eat. I can say no more.
The issue with Hippot isn't that the ingredients aren't fresh or that the broth isn't good, it's that you're paying $20-$30 per person (for non-spectacular ingredients and broth.) They have a lunch special which isn't bad in terms of price, but I definitely wouldn't recommend coming for dinner since you have to order a la carte and it gets expensive really quick. 

You're much better off getting ingredients in Chinatown and doing DIY hot pot with friends.
Somehow I have been walking by this place for years and didn't come in for hotpot till now! I was pleasantly surprised when I first came at how clean the place was and well-ventilated. The prices are also reasonable, I liked the service, and I was happy with the quality of the food! I came with a group of four and we didn't want to do unlimited/buffet so we ended up saving some money by ordering individual ingredients. We opted to share a pot as a group that was half pork bone broth & half spicy broth rather than each have our individual pots.

Some of my fave ingredients from here: spam, frozen tofu, pumpkin, beef balls, fried shrimp balls, taro, sweet potato...all stuff that soaks up the flavor of the broth well. :)

I love the huge selection of dipping sauces! Here's what I put in mine and was really pleased with: garlic oil (this was a first for me!), sesame oil, peanut butter sauce (hadn't put this in my usual sauces either), hoisin sauce, soy sauce, sesame oil, sesame paste, cilantro, chili sauce. Really I'm writing this here so I don't forget myself haha.
This place was so bad! It look very nice but the food wasn't all that good. The service was even worse. They look like they want don't want you there. The servers got that pissed off look like they don't want you spending money there. Horrible!
Be ready to spend a little if you're going to go all out for your hot pots as ingredients for your hot pot comes from an a la carte menu. Service could have been better. The restaurant "skipped a page in their reservation book" and our party of 14 was not seated at the same time. For some reason Enoki mushroom is called needle mushroom here. They do have lots of choices for their sauces and the place looks modern and clean. They also dress their plates nicely. 

Our party of 14 was split to two side by side tables. My table had six people and we did two half and half broth pots. One pot had Hot & Spicy and Herbal Bone the other had Pork Bone and Tom Yum. The Hot & Spicy is truly hot and spicy the peppers and the oil soaks your items and make those spicy as well. So if you can't tolerance any spice don't get this one. The others were good. Each broth pot comes with a plate of your choice of vegetable. The portion of all the meat, seafood, and vegetable ingredients we got were decent portion. At the end of dinner, I was semi-full but could eat a little more. So maybe order some more noodles or protein to fill you up. Our bill was about $175, already including automatic tip, which was about $30 per person. It's not bad, but considering that Nine Ting is down the street and all you can eat, I think I would have had a better experience there instead.
They recently added an all-you-can-eat option that is a dollar less compared to nine ting. The selection has a good amount of items and sauces to keep every person happy. In my opinion, the broth tastes better than nine ting. 
The only cons I can think is that when it's busy, the service isn't the best It could be.
Over rated over priced low quality ingredients I go out to have other people cook for me. Im paying for your expertise not for me to muck about a boiling pot of unflavored heat
One Saturday night, some of my friends and I went to Hippot Shabu Shabu as a way to relax on the weekend. Hippot Shabu Shabu is very famous in China for its special way of eating food; they serve raw food with hot pots and you have to put raw food down into the hot pots by yourself. Although Hippot Shabu Shabu in Chinatown is not as good as in China, it is still outstanding in Chinatown, and of course we enjoyed it very much. 

Food:
First, we have to choose broth. I am a fan of spicy hot food, especially for hot pot. However, some of my friends don't eat spicy things. If you also meet this problem, don't worry about it. They served half herbal/half spicy for the soup base, so you will not be conflicted when you choose broth. After we chose broth, we ordered some meats and vegetables. The menu contains various kinds of food, such as lamb, beef, seafood vegetables and meat balls. In fact, the price is a little bit high; nevertheless, with each meat you order, you will receive another dish of meat for free, the same for vegetables. Then, we went to the sauce bar to make sauce by ourselves. Their sauce bar also provides various kinds of sauce, which has sesame paste, soy sauce, and spicy sauce. Because you have to dip into the sauce when you eat food, it is very important to make a delicious sauce. Even though you are not familiar with how to make sauce, the restaurant suggests sauce tip for each food you will eat. I'm sure that you will enjoy the food if you follow their instructions. The meat and vegetables are pretty fresh. The taste of the meat is very soft and delicious; vegetables is crisp, and the sound of chewing will make you feel pleased. In addition, the process of putting them into hot pot and waiting for them will make you feel very excited about what you eat. Although the portion is not very large, it is still cheaper than you eat hot pot at home. 

Ambience:
This is probably why I like this place. The ambience is very fashionable in a modest way. The wall is decorated with red wood, which gives people the feeling of cleanliness and elegant. Besides, the space is adequate and you will not feel claustrophobic as other restaurant. The light is very warm, and you will feel very comfortable when you eat food. Last but not least, the music is very appropriate. Sometimes it is very soft and sometimes it is very exciting. You will adjust your speed of eating food according to the music, so that you will never feel bored.

Service:
The waiters are very nice. Their recommendation is very legitimate, and the food they advise is the same as what they describe. Besides, they will refill your water regularly, which will make you feel very warm. Herb. W in the yelp review list said that："There were some confusions and mistakes stuffs made, but they solved it all at once and apologized in a very kind way." (yelp.com) Just as he said, waiters are very modest. They also got the wrong things we ordered; we ordered beef, but they gave us lamp. However, they changed it immediately and apologized in a very modest and genuine way. I don't think waiters in other restaurants will do like them.

Overall, Hippot Shabu Shabu is an impressive place to go in Chinatown. If you feel cold and want to eat something warm, this place is the solid choice. Go to Hippot Shabu Shabu to have a try, I promise you will not regret your decision.
Cite: W, Herb.
My first experience here was average at best. I ordered the pork bone soup which was very delicious and rich, but the rest of the ingredients I ordered, such as the beef and mushroom (don't remember which I ordered) weren't anything special -- almost bland. 

Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and our food came out very quickly. I would like to note that this was around the start of their dinner service and the place was basically empty still, and maybe only one other person had come in the whole time we were there. That being said I don't know how busy this place normally gets and don't know how their service is in that scenario. 

The interior is very modern and appealing. It's also very clean but I didn't use the restroom while I was there so I can't speak of that. 

I haven't had much shabu shabu in Philly but compared to places I've visited in NY the quality of the meal was pretty average. I would go back once in a while if I was really craving hot pot but I don't think I'll come here very often.
Rudeee all the time. Treated like homeless. Meat is bad, not fresh. Pricy and not welcome. Spend your money for something better!!! Do not go here.
The average hotpot place you'll find. 

I'm from New York so hotpot places are typical and this place is exactly what that is. The typical hotpot place, the food was good and the service was mediocre. 

I do highly suggest the spicy broth. But make sure after a few minutes you scoop out the chili and the flavor strainer or else you'll be eating mouthfuls of pepper seeds. The tomato base is a bit too acidic for me so I wouldn't recommend that highly. 

Me and my boyfriend enjoyed the decoration more the service here. I understand that this is a place run and owned by Asians but I didn't expect how most of the workers here don't understand a single drop of English. We tried to order more after a while, the waiter we called over couldn't understand anything. We had to scooping the food out of the pot and showed her what we wanted more. Not mentioning how another waiter would throw down the plates of food at us. I didn't understand her hostility since we were nice when asking for more. Which is why I wouldn't come back here if I had that chance. 

Good decoration good food. But the service was certainly unpleasant
very terrible，the food is not fresh，like the meat or mushroom。if you never eat the Chinese hotpot before you might think it's good。 I believe people who has eaten other good hotpot before will definitely say that one is very bad. And the requirement for tips is at least 15%， the hot pot soup is more expensive than other hotpot restaurants！Remember！don't go there！
A popular hot pot restaurant in Chinatown, and we had dinner here. We had three different soups, which were pork bone, tomatoes and spicy chili. We chose the buffet style, which meant that we could eat anything we wanted on the menu. Loved the beef, lamb, shrimp, eggs, cabbage and corns. Really enjoyed this dinner!
If I can give zero star, I would. The service is extremely bad. The manager makes no sense. The food is pretty bad too. I do not understand how this restaurant is still open today. If you don't want to waste money and have a bad day after having your meal, avoid this place.
My best friend and I had a pleasant first shabu shabu experience here! We braved the pouring rain and decided to try out this new place and it was definitely worth it. We ordered the half/half pot with the hot & spicy and tom yum broth. The hot & spicy was indeed spicy, so brace yourself. Both broths were very tasteful and flavorful! We ordered the beef, pork, vegetable combo and shanghai noodle plates. It was definitely A LOT of food for 2 girls, but it was so good that we finished everything! 

The service was really attentive and they were quick to refill your hotpots when it was getting low. Our waitress was really friendly and helpful in explaining the whole process for us since it was our first time. This place is kind of on the more expensive side as I've heard of cheaper places elsewhere. Hippot is definitely a good place to enjoy a great amount of food with a large group!
The hotpot here is pretty good. I don't have a lot to compare it to, but I have always been full and happy after a meal here. I always get the thinly sliced beef and lamb, as those work very well with hotpot. I love the dipping sauce bar where you can concoct any sort of sauce that you like. I tend to go with a sesame based sauce with some soy sauce and spicy oil. They have several hot pot broth flavors and let you get multiple kinds. The spicy can be a bit much on its own, so i would recommend pairing it with a milder broth to give you something to mix it up and its a nice change of pace, especially if you dont want to overpower your seafood or milder flavors with szechuan peppercorns.
Excellent alternative for AYCE hot pot in Philly. Menu is varied with an assortment of meats and vegetables, some things here that are not at Nine Ting and vice versa. Broth is refilled regularly. Clean appearance. Tom yum flavor has a refreshing taste. A few items were missed in our orders on several occasions, but you can always reorder.
Great food for a winter night, and hands down best music playlist in the background!
Great place for all you can eat hotpot for only $ 22.90. The service is good since the staff are very attentive and ready to help. I would recommend this place to anyone.
This place is great
If you don't think his is the best shabu shabu restaurant in Pennsylvania I will fight you
That's no lie
All you can eat was great.  Tom Yum soup base was delicious.  Servers were helpful for the first timers at Shabu Shabu!  We will be back.
Lunch special seemed good so there we went. 

Good: ingredients pretty good quality. Broth (pork bone) is SOLID. 
Bad: limited variety for starter plate: one veggie, single tofu, single mushroom, pile noodles, meat. 
Suggested fix: offer a large sized version with slightly more and broader variety - I can think of a lot of folks who would opt for that at lunch. 

I'll be back for dinner - this place has some promise but not exactly what I was looking for as a filling hot pot lunch spot...
I tried out Hippot Shabu Shabu recently and I must say, I was better off going somewhere else of making my own. I did like the wide selection that they had but I was not a fan of how they prepped it. I found a lot of the vegetables to still be not cleaned thoroughly. I was feeling a little under the weather after the meal settled in.
I would definitley not recommend this place to eat hotpot. Homemade hotpot is better than this. The female manager is not friendly but servers are good. I went there twice and saw flies while eating. will not come here again
Terrible service. Server keeps turning off our stove. Food doesn't get cooked properly due to the low heat. Served wrong drink. Didn't respond to my request for a to-go container. Very very disappointed.
Writing a review for Friday Jan 12th 2018. I've been here a few times in the past - generally enjoyed it with no problems but for this last visit my girlfriend and I both got sick after eating here, I'll spare the details. I dont think the food was fresh - I hope this was just a one time thing. Staff was friendly though!
Maybe I'll update this to a better review if we go back.
Please do not go to here if you want to eat self-service hot pot. Ning Ting is a better choice. First，taste here is bad,service is not good. The maneger here is not friendly. Second, we left some food, but not too much, they asked us to charge 20% fee for these food. We also went to Ning Ting, they will not charge for the same quantity we left. I believe you want to have a good time with your friends, so don't go the place. choose another one.  In addition, many flies above food and sauce bar.
Love this place. Place is clean, food is fresh and there are many soup bases for you to choose if you love hot pot.
This place is okay for hot pot. It's not particularly good, but I believe it's one of two in the area so it does get pretty crowded. 

The way it works is that you choose a soup (~$16) which comes with a plate of vegetables. The vegetables aren't fresh. I saw them pull it out of the refrigerator pre-packaged. You then choose what you want to cook. They have a good deal for four different kinds of balls (i.e. fish balls, meat balls, etc), 3 of each, for ~$8.

What I do like is their sauce bar. Basically, in the back, they have a bar where you can make your own sauce and they have a ton of ingredients. 

One problem with the place that really bothers me: they have horrible vents. You can probably figure out how this gets problematic considering it's hot pot. When I went, it was so hot inside and they didn't open any of the windows. They were forced to when the *fire alarm* went off. When the alarm went off, they then proceeded to pour water into everyone's broth and after they turned the alarm off, they didn't replace the broth. Also, I believe this place burned down once already. So I didn't have the best experience, but like I said, it's decent hot pot and I'll probably be back.
Last we ate at the restaurant and the experience was horrible!
It started with bad service, we felt like they didn't even want to give us service and when we asked questions regarding the menu they got angry. We were a group of 4 people, some vegetarian and some that kept kosher witch means no sea food or pork. Finally after ordering the food arrived and we were all excited until we tasted it. The didn't taste fresh and even the soup broth tasted like it went bad. Now in all honesty we are not a tough crowd to please so we didn't bother complaint much except to ask the manager to remove one of the items that we ordered that tasted bad, we did not even touch the dish because it was so bad. She refused to remove the item from the bill and got really mad at us for even saying something about it. So we payed the bill and left. About an hour later we all had food poisoning throughout the night. 
Stay away from this place like the plague service was bad but what was worse was the food, it was rotten and made us all sick.
Real Chinese food for Chinese people - this place gives you an authentic 'shabu-shabu' experience. Shabu-shabu is kind of like hot pot (you are served raw ingredients that will become cooked), but instead of a hot pot/pan, shabu shabu is served  as a boiling broth to which you add raw ingredients. 

Shabu shabu is a social eating experience, so I highly recommend going with a group!

Don't forget to check out the 'make your own sauce' area. There are instructions on the wall!

Also, don't expect the greatest service. Hah, you may want to bring someone along that can speak Mandarin for you!

Also, it is BYOB
First this is not Shabu Shabu!!  It is Chinese hot pot.  Quality is so-so.  Resturant is noisy because of the owner's obnoxious kids who run and scream without any intervention.  Portion of food is small for the meat but veggies are ok.
Great and affordable all you can eat option! A lot of variety as well as very fast service!! The thin sliced beef and soft tofu sheets are awesome.
between a 3  (A-OK) and 4 stars (Yay! I'm a fan) for me.  some issues should be worked out in the future. but overall, good hotpot experience. 

I heard about this spot awhile back and heard ok things about it. I ventured here on a saturday night without reservations. The place was fairly busy and the wait was said to be "20 minutes" per the hostess informing me. I'm beyond hungry at this point and figured 20 minutes is not that bad of a wait and the music was pretty good so it wasn't a big deal to me. 

CON: I understand this is a new business and you do want to always have a table filled (gotta make money right?)....but if you want to  keep hungry customers happy or simply not insult them, provide them with a reasonable "wait time". my 20 minute wait turned into 30, then into 40, into 45 minutes till i was seated...double the "estimated time". It is ALWAYS difficult to estimate how long a party will sit for hot pot. It is suppose to be a long dining experience....I was just about to get up and leave when they called my name. I would suggest the hostess give a reasonable wait time, 40-60 minutes. Take their phone number and text them or call them when a table will be free in 10 minutes or so. 

On to the food. The setup is pretty cool. The booths have single hot pots or the family style one in the middle. The menu is ok but I don't think there were any combination platters. We went with the herbal soup base since i'm not a fan of the sichuan spicy broth (numbs your mouth). Soup base wasn't too flavorful in my opinion, but that's what the sauce bar is for. 

what i ordered a la carte: 

tofu skin : 2/5 - nothing too special. 
fried tofu sheet: 5/5 love love love
squid: 4/5  good serving size
shrimp 5/5 - large size
beef: 5/5 (size could be bigger)
frog: 2/5 - not really flavorful but lots of meat
fujian fish ball - 2/5 didn't hate it... but wasn't anything special to me. 
watercress - 5/5 can't really go wrong, decent serving size. 
udon - 5/5 can't go wrong, decent serving size
shrimp dumpling - 3/5 - strong shrimp taste but small. 

The music is pretty good, mix of pop and emd...did i hear chinese songs too? I forget. Prices were decent. Our server was nice and food was delivered promptly.
Great place for hot pot. Covid safe sauces packaged individually. Quick service. Very solid selection of meats and such. The restaurant is dark but each table is individually lit allowing for a nice sense of privacy.
We came here on my birthday and overall had an okay experience. The broth, however, was pretty ordinary and not as flavorful as I expected from all the reviews (we had tomyum and pork bone). One of our fried tofu pieces had something like green mold on it (I saw this too when shopping at an Asian supermarket - the package said it has yet come to expiry date but there was mold inside already) so I would suggest the business owner check them out of packages carefully. The interior was cozy and I liked their sauce bar a lot! Would hesitate to come back though if it werent for the good all-you-can-eat price.
This place is super cute. The decor is beautiful and staff is super nice and helpful. The food was also delicious. Keep in mind that when you order, don't underestimate how much they give you. It was A LOT of food. And although it's all you can eat, there will be a $13 charge if you're wasting food. Well at least that's what the sign says. I ordered a lot but was able to finish it all and I ended up feeling like I was gonna throw up haha. The broth was decent, if I'm being honest. There wasn't much taste but I can't complain. So if you're looking for a hotpot experience for a good price, then this place is your best bet. Will def come back!
The hotpot soup is not fresh and too hot to taste! the sauce is oily. Not very nice! It's no good and not a normal Chinese style hotpot restaurant.
Best hot pot in Philadelphia. Don't waste your time at the sheep place across the street. Expansive menu, fresh ingredients, great service, all at a good price.  Usually pretty busy on the weekends, and for a good reason. You won't find a better hot pot place in the city. Can't emphasize the quality of the meat and veggies enough.
I came here with my parents for dinner on a visit. We were looking for a hot pot place, and figured we could try it. They had a banner hanging above the door for a deal for $23 which seemed pretty reasonable. Walking in, it was packed full of students. We were seated right away and handed a slip with all the food to be checked. I opted for the Tom yum broth, whereas my parents tried the pork bone broth and tomato broth. 

We checked off a ton of food, and submitted it. We didn't realize just how much food we got, but it was a ton when it all came at once. I thought the food itself was decent. I've had better selections, but this list was truly extensive so you could try almost anything. My only disappointment here was that the servers refilled all the soups with the same pork bone broth soup base, so my Tom yum broth got more and more dilute. Overall it was a pretty good deal. I wish they had more selections for broth flavors (sukiyaki for one!) but would definitely recommend if you're in the mood for shabu shabu.
Hippot Shabu Shabu is a great place to go with friends for food and fun. Definitely different from your average restaurant as this place allows guests to be more interactive with food thus creating the perfect atmosphere for conversation amongst friends. It's nice to see something a little "outside of the box" make it to the city of Philadelphia. So, follow the scent of the aromatic broths and try it!
