Doesn't look like much on the outside and it's pretty small inside but the reviews tell you to come! So I did and I was so happy I did! 

I got the $14 lunch special, which is a great deal if considering the ramen would be $11 by itself. So add a salad and an appetizer for three more dollars and it's a great deal!

I actually went in ordering the ramen. Then realized I needed to add the salad and the appetizer so I ordered those after the ramen. Everything came out as it was ready so the ramen first then the salad then the appetizer, which was fine since that's the way I ordered it.

Everything was hot and fresh and delicious! But don't forget your cash because they don't take plastic.
I stumbled into this place on a frigid day in March (yes... winter in MARCH! Ugh!). I was looking for someplace to get lunch and excited to walk past a ramen restaurant. Talk about the most perfect food to warm you up!

I was surprised to see how tiny the restaurant is. Had I walked in with a group, I definitely would have had to wait for a table, but since I was by myself, I was quickly seated at one of the chairs by the kitchen.

The menu is very small, with just one page of everything they have to offer. I can be pretty indecisive when presented with a lot of different options, so this actually worked out well for me. The Gates of Hell it was!

My dish came out very quickly and I was thrilled when I saw it boiling, piping hot. The ramen looked fantastic and tasted just the same! It was very flavorful and quite spicy. The pork was so tender. When it comes to ramen, I usually tend to eat all of the noodles first and push (most of) the meat to the side, but that was not the case here. I finished all of the meat, which honestly, might have been a first for me when it comes to soupy dishes!

My waitress, Tiana, was so incredibly sweet and fun to chat with! I'm not usually one to dine in at restaurants by myself, but I didn't even feel like I was at Hiro Ramen! She was lively, made good conversation, and checked in on her customers frequently. Thanks to her for lightning up an otherwise dull and lonesome lunch! 

I definitely plan to return to Hiro Ramen again. Now that the weather is warming up, ramen might not be the most common dining choice for others, but that for sure isn't the case for me!
Stay home and enjoy a $0.65 Nong Shim Shin Ramyun instead. I've been to ramen shops from NY to Tokyo, and this place served me the single worst bowl of ramen I have ever had that didn't come from a microwave in a styrofoam cup.  This is neither bitterness nor hyperbole, but the facts as I see them.

The place itself is tucked away behind the bus stop next to Milk-Boy on the SW corner of 11th and Chestnut. It doesn't have a sign and the front is nondescript, so with any luck, you'd miss it, and end up someplace better.  Once you've had the misfortune of finding it, the decor is mundane and sparse, but acceptable, though not overtly Japanese.  There are some wood strips on the walls, bright retro drop-lights, and it's relatively clean  overall, like a Chipotle, without all the planning and execution.

After sitting down at a cramped little wooden table, my friends and I were unanimously shocked to see their hand-written, xeroxed menu with only three unappealing options (and no prices-- which turned out to be $9): shoyu ramen soup, shoyu vegetarian soup and shoyu minus soup, with slightly thicker noodles.  These are the absolute most basic preparations imaginable, and the complete antithesis of the rich tonkotsu from the stock photo on Hiro's web site, or the "Gates of Hell noodles" mentioned in their Menupages article (and perhaps most disappointingly, the Yelp reviews, which now appear to be utter fabrications).  I felt baited and switched, and I wanted to get up and leave right then, but moving a group of hungry people to a different restaurant can be an equally unpleasant endeavor.  We reluctantly ordered, and there were no vegetarians among us, so we only managed to cover 2/3 of their "menu". Apart from the broth and noodle size, these observations apply to both wet and dry shoyu dishes, as they were essentially identical:

Improper and inconsistent plating: unlike some of the other shoyus at my table, mine was assembled so that it appeared to contain neither pork-belly or the half egg.  After a moment of confusion, I determined that both were trapped in the broth beneath the clump of noodles.  I'm sure it doesn't seem like a big deal, but even if you start with a perfect hanjuku egg (which cooks at around 64ºC) , burying it in the broth causes overcooking and other textural issues.  All that aside, this is an indication of their level of pride and care, and I shudder to think what kind of unholy congress they'd have with a real menu.

Insipid broth: shoyu is admittedly simple, but at least start with a robust chicken stock, and a good quality soy sauce.  It was a depthless, under-salted, flavorless brown wash, and I wouldn't be surprised if they make it in a 55 gallon trash can from Sysco chicken powder and lite commodity soy sauce.  It's not that it tastes of rot or anything, but there's just nothing to recommend it, and this is THE thing you gotta nail if you open a ramen hut.

Poorly cooked protein: if you're going to torch a raw slice of porkbelly, you must employ proper technique, or it will taste and smell of uncombusted propane, and your sear marks will also reflect your lack of care in the form of a boiled, sweaty appearance, with intermittent charring.  I cook with a blowtorch almost every day, so this may be something that only bothers me, but again, if you're going to do something simple, you'd better do it well. 

Noodles: unremarkable, and probably dried, with a greasy quality that I suspect is the result of rolling them in oil, so they don't stick together.  They are of the curly variety, and for whatever reason struck me as more "Chinese" in composition.  Now that I think about it, I'd say that applies to the flavor profile of their dishes in general.  If that's what you're looking for, and you don't care about the egg, I suggest you go to get Nan Zhou hand drawn noodles instead. 

Despite any other reviews you may read here, this place does not compare favorably to Terakawa in any way. This restaurant experience, and my recent frustration with the blatantly purchased nature of some reviews has finally driven me to review something.  I'm incredibly lazy, so that's just how bad it is.



@C K.  You're a nervy shill to call anyone else "fishy". If you read my entire review, you will notice that this is the first place to frustrate me enough to write a review. I "updated" my photo, because I noticed that Yelp's system deleted the very same photo, which I uploaded when I opened the account a few years ago.  As for "thrillist video", I have no idea what that's about (feel free to send me a URL) but I use my Bernzomatic TS4000 torch all the time, and I saw their torch in the kitchen.  Do you think they use it to boil the vegetable stock?
Finding this place was a problem, since they don't have a sign.  I walked passed this rundown front a few times until someone told me it was right next to MilkBoy.  The decor looked like a standard ramen joint with a bar and some tables.  Nothing spectacular, and certainly not the "best looking restaurants in Center City" and MILES from "sexy."  I had 5 people in my party, and we crammed into a small table near the front. Ok so the decor is mediocre, but I'm really here for the food. Unfortunately, this was the worst ramen I've ever had (and that includes packet ramen).

There were only 3 things to choose from, "Hiro Ramen" (basic ramen with thin noodles, egg and pork belly), Shoyu Mazemen (a soup-less thick noodle with soy sauce) and a vegetable ramen.  First of all, there were 5 people at our table, and we were not served at once.  Each dish came out one at a time with gaps in between.  When we all finally dug in, it was a HUGE disappointment.  The Hiro Ramen had no seasoning at all.  It was a thin broth that tasted like it came from a packet.  But even packet seasoning at least has salt.  This was boiled noodle, boiled pork belly, boiled egg, and some brown water.  The Shoyu was the exact same thing but with thicker noodles and without the broth.  It at least had a bit more flavor, but it was all soy sauce.  All of it was greasy, flavorless, and pretty terrible.  There were no prices listed, so I kind of expected it to be expensive.  But, $9 for this crap?!  They really have some nerve. It's a good thing they had a soft opening, because they should pack up and find another career.
A near whole in the wall, you will miss it if you blink while following the GPS. You will see a giant ATM machine within 3 steps of entering in. This means "Cash Only" and now electronic currency. 

We almost left but we heard this was voted the 2nd best Ramen shops in town. The dining room was empty, and we were sat down by a male worker working the front. 

The menu is short and simple. Very easy to choose. I chose the Black Pig Ramen and the broth was delicious. Get the extra meat and I got the extra noodles dry, on the side. Yum. Also, you must get the fried chicken and the sauce. You can thank me later.
All I'm going to tell you are facts about this awesome new spot. Hiro Ramen is run by a dude that worked for Ramen Boy & now Ramen Bar's chef. Talking to him, he is super passionate about making a significant contribution to Philly's growing ramen "scene". I've eaten there twice since they've opened. Right now, there is no sign on the space, but its the place right next to MilkBoy on 11th & Chestnut. When you walk in, it is definitely not some corporate backed place with polished wood and marble jawn. It's a humble upstart by some guys wanting to serve up some awesome, quality japanese comfort food for this coming winter. So let's start with what 85% of you will order, the Hiro Ramen. For now, their limited soft opening menu's title dish is their baby. It's going to change a lot thanks to their desire to experiment and innovate. Fact # 1: Hiro Ramen's food has 0 MSG. I was told that, and I felt it whilst walking out of there my first time. I didn't feel salt coming out of my face, I didn't feel bloated or tired, I actually felt refreshed. They make their own blend of soy sauce for their broth. They also do a brothl-ess ramen, which is a newer thing in Japan and extremely new here in the states. I imagine it's awesome when you've had a few too much to drink, as it comes with an extra portion of noodles. I forget the name but it's the second item on the list labeled as Shio (salt) ramen. I had this my second time there due to being exposed to the concept in Brooklyn. It was delicious here. The noodles aren't to the chef's 100% satisfaction, as he told me he is going to try a thicker, slightly chewy more flavorful noodle next for this dish, which I am all in for. What does this mean for Philadelphians!? It's the first and probably only joint that's doing broth-less ramen here, and you definitely should give it a shot. Comes with all the fixins, but the noodles have soaked up the shio broth, and the friendly, super awesome staff can hook you up with some of the raw sauce to flavor it up more if you think it needs it, but it doesn't. **disclaimer** i really loved Ramen Boy, mostly because it was the first ramen noodle joint here, but I also am very open-minded about food, and love all the Ramen ive had in the city so far. Hiro Ramen stands out though because it's not what the others are doing (heavier Tonkotsu style) and it's going to only get awesome-er so go check them out.

**update** some of the culinary savvy folks on here are wanting to correct me on the whole 0 MSG thing, and instead of taking it off my review, I'm going to add that because I don't cook, I don't know or care how specific their claim is on NO MSG. If MSG is a natural occurrence in soy sauce, and a little bit can't be totally avoided, that's all well and good but I don't feel the repercussions of heavy MSG at this place. It may be that the soy sauce they prepare in-house tastes nothing like bottled soy sauce, and therefore contains minimal, to no intended MSG. I would also respect that you not message me with correction statements so that Yelp doesn't send me an email telling me that you don't have better things to do.
Before moving to Philadelphia, I lived in Tokyo, Japan for a few years. At least once a week, I went to a local ramen shop--usually to nurse a hangover--to slurp up some ramen noodles and sip some soup, with a customizable variety of proteins and veggies.

Hiro brought back that experience for me. 

The ramen at Hiro is authentic and true to the experience you get at any ramen shop in Japan. You can choose from shoyu, tonkotsu, vegetable broth, and miso ramen broth. We went for the shoyu, a chicken marrow-based broth with soy sauce and the tonkotsu, a pork marrow based broth and likely the richest type. All of the broths were rich and authentic--I'd expect to taste any of these on the streets of Japan--well worth the base price. Different broths come with different noodles--for example, the chicken shoyu ramen came with a thinner, more delicate noodle, while the tonkotsu came with a thicker, hardier noodle. Nice attention to detail!

Just please DON'T think that you're paying for the same Top Ramen, Maruchan Cup Noodle, Ichiban Ramen, or whatever 50-cent packages are available at your local grocery store.

However, I think the fine folks at Hiro ought to rethink the prices of their toppings. A dollar for a single 2" by 4" seaweed/nori sheet is kind of redonk.

The portion-to-price ratio is reasonable--if you have a huge appetite, you might still be hungry afterwards, though. Hiro Ramen is a great place for lunch and the waiters and chefs are super willing to customize your experience!
TL;DR:  Good eats. Still working out kinks naturally and expanding the menu, but keep an eye out for them in the coming weeks.

Yes, yet another ramen review. I thought I was a snob, but other reviews clearly take it to another level lol. See my previous ramen reviews if you like. If I get around to it, I'll include some NYC places. 

First, the non-factors but still worth mentioning. 

- Actual prep time not streamlined as in other places - seemingly in part due to a one-man team. Not the slowest I've experienced, but something I expect to improve over time. 

- Service is decent and friendly. Whatever.

- If you like real menus, this place isn't for you. It's handwritten and fast. Until they set their food choices in stone, I don't expect change soon here. Oh well.

- Limited menu at the moment. Just 2 ramens at the moment. Let's hope they are decent.

- Decor is acceptable and it's not filthy. But really, who cares? I'm here for the food.

- Space/size is smallish, but just right. 

- They need a noticeable sign and some marketing materials on the store windows. They are very easy to miss if you aren't looking for them.

******  On to the food

Broth - I'll be the first to admit shoyu isn't my go-to - I'm accustomed to tonkotsu. Everyone is entitled to their preference. I'm no chef nor do I have any real credentials, but I've had terrible broth before. This was not one of them. When it comes to ramen, not being bad is half the battle. Overall, I liked the flavor of it. Not too salty, maybe slightly on the oily side. Noticeable chicken flavor and hint of ginger. Not as heavy as some heartstoppers I've had, but not as light as the simpler shio broths. Nor is it a flavor bomb with overwhelming garlic and seasoning. In other words, a decent compromise. I finished drinking my broth by the way. But my inexperience/non-preference of shoyu leads to a biased score.  6.75/10.

Noodles - The noodles are the curly/wave yellow kind. They are very remniscent of Chinese style noodles. They seem out of place in some ways. Whatever the case, the noodles are tasty and (for the first time ever) are the best part of the ramen experience. Not sure if they are pre-purchased or what he does to the noodles prep-wise, but they really do it for me. Just the right chewiness. They seem to have some good flavor somehow. YMMV   8/10.

Cha-shu -  Pork here is good/decent. Thickness is about right, rectangular cuts. Tenderness is good. May need a bit more flavoring/seasoning for my own taste. Needs to be slightly warmer in temperature. Can't say I know much about the charring process - could stand to be more crispy I suppose? Appearance wise, I could care less. Might be too fatty in terms of quantity for the regular diner, but I was ok with it. Standard quantity is 2 slices - no surprises there.         6.5/10

Toppings - Menma, scallion, a sheet of nori, and half egg. Menma was decent. I've had better egg, but not a huge deal to me. 5/10. 

Price - $9 for a bowl. About on target if you liked your bowl. Maybe knocking it down slightly might change some tunes.   5/10

****** 

Would I come back again? Yes. The chef definitely cares and wants to deliver quality product, when he works out logistic issues that are holding him back, I will certainly try it out again. Despite the scathing reviews, this place is far far far from the worst ever. Perhaps the criticisms of consistency in product may have merit, but that will change with time. 

Bottom line, if you did not have original Ramen Boy, you have not hit the bottom yet in terms of disappointment where I found nothing remarkable about the food. 

On a side note, chef said tonkotsu broth will be served in the near future, if that's consolation for anyone. Personally, I'd rather they focus on their one shoyu before moving on to other styles (the fixation on tonkotsu is overdone and redundant). 

Terakawa is still my go-to. They are my vanilla, but sometimes I want chocolate. Hiro is chocolate. Until someone new steps into the arena.

@Christopher F and Seema (if you see this): Out of curiosity, which place had the best ramen you've ever had?
Came here for a power hour lunch after my sales appointment. Sat down by myself at the bar. It was fun watching the chefs bicker at each other after a miscue of an order that was placed before me. Nothing wrong with a bit of team chemistry flair with my lunch!

But, wow, the chicken shoyu broth was everything I had imagined. Fatty, flavorful and just pure sexy. 

The noodles were cooked just as I wanted. Not overdone, just on the crunchier side. It was only $9 too! But given that I have tried other ramen joints in NYC, this place could compete for a brief moment. Wished they had given me more noodles, but it is what it is for $9. 

Will I come back? HECK YA!
I've said it before, and I'll say it again - The ramen scene in Philly is not great. It is also possible I just might not be a fan of ramen in general. (but I'm Asian, so that's mildly preposterous)

Hiro has a few good things going for it. 
- The noodles are quite good - thinner and better texture than many other ramen bars
- The broth has some depth to it, even if it is on the fatty side
- The fried chicken appetizer has a nice breading
- The lunch special is a pretty sweet deal: any bowl of ramen (~$10 by itself), one of three appetizers, and a salad for just $12

There are also some things that don't quite hit the mark. 
- Way too many bean sprouts / not many interesting things to top the noodles
- Only ONE piece of pork belly (which was very fatty, but not especially tasty) 
- Very little flavor in the soft boiled egg
- The actual chicken part of the fried chicken appetizer isn't of great quality

So I guess I'm pretty ambivalent on this place / ramen as a concept.
But the service was really good, and sometimes they play J-pop. (!)
Here's my ramen cred: I've eaten it on the West Coast, all the hip NY joints, even in Japan.

Not that any of that matters. After all, it's just an opinion.

Having said that, I can say that the Hiro Ramen that I had may be the worst ramen I have ever tasted. The broth was oily with no depth. The pork, while being cut at a nice thickness, was bland and actually a little cold. Where was that torch that someone mentioned in another review? None of the toppings (bamboo) stood out. The egg was a little cold as well and not tasty at all. Noodles were fine. I left behind noodles and broth even though the portion wasn't particularly large. Having said all this, I felt like those $10 were stolen from me.

They also have some appetizers, and I tried the spicy chicken (1st on the menu). It was boiled chicken in a spicy sauce, served cold. The chicken was tender, and the sauce was just spicy enough to tingle the tip of your tongue. Just OK.

The interior is minimalist, nothing special, nothing egregious.

Honestly, I don't want to try any of the other ramen unless they make some changes in their broth.
Hiro ramen is a cute small ramen shop that has been open for a few weeks/to a month now. Their menu is limited but especially now since Hurricane Sandy has affected their ingredient suppliers. 

I walked into Hiro Ramen today around 11:30. It's a cozy restaurant off of 11th and chestnut, right next to Milkboy. The inside is beautiful and the little bar benches are comfortable.  I sat at the bar and  was recommended to get the Shoyu Ramen. 

The ramen came out promptly and the presentation was good. It came with an egg, two pieces of charsu, scallions, a piece of nori and some bamboo shoots. The spoons are reminiscent of Ramen Bar but THANK GOD, THEY'RE PLASTIC. If I had to deal with another wood spoon I would go crazy. But Hiro Ramen's spoons are more comfortable to use than Ramen Bar's. The spoons aren't as big and they have a slanted handle which makes it easier to drink the soup with. 
 
The Shoyu broth had good flavor and was just the right amount of saltiness for me! But it could be a little hotter in temperature. I know a lot of people have complained about the broth being to salty, but it was perfect for me. Although the amount of oil I had atop of my broth was a tad disconcerting.. The noodles were a little too thin/soft for me, but thats preferential. The egg was sweet, which I enjoyed. The only thing that brought the dish down was the charsu. The pork could use the most work. The charsu was too chewy..almost rubbery. I was disappointed because it should be nice and soft.

The portions are great, and the Shoyu is pretty darn good for a ramen shop that hasn't been open for too long. I hope they decide to expand their menu to include some more ramen choices and some more appetizers as well. I would like to see their rendition on a tonkasu broth ramen.

Over all Hiro is a solid spot for a warm bowl of ramen. The staff is friendly and the service is prompt. $8 a bowl is pretty good. It's a good contender in the new ramen scene. Please please please work on your charsu!! Once you do, your Shoyu ramen will be killer :)
This place is right next to MilkBoy, and honestly - I had never noticed it before. I came here last Friday night about 8pm with 3 others, and we were able to get a table with just a few minutes wait.  A 4th joined us a bit later, and they were accommodate us easily by moving us to another table. 

They sell cans of beer (Sapporro, Sly Fox) for $3 which is awesome. We got some edamame for a snack to start, and we each ordered a bowl of ramen (one ordered Gates of Hell - holy spicy!). The one I ordered had a lot of spice in it. The bowl was big and pretty full with a lot of tasty ingredients - pork, egg, corn, sprouts, scallions, etc. Lots of noodles. Clocked in around $11, and I was definitely full. The beers were also nice and cold. 

I think this place is a winner. I'll come back.
this was decent but terakawa is better. i like a good spicy ramen so i ordered the gates of hell and it was OK. the broth wasn't as complex and didn't have much depth but the noodles were cooked well (even though they never ask about the firmness like terakawa) and the egg was delicious. i felt as though the quantity here is less. i usually never finish my ramen at terakawa but i easily finished it here. 

the gyoza was OK as well, they were all stuck together which was disappointing but the flavors were good.

all in all, the ramen here was decent but terakawa is probably still my favorite philly ramen joint
Only gets better. This secretive (only sign is in Japanese) restaurant is tucked away...right on chestnut near 10th. Go. Its marvelous. Sit on the actual wooden furniture & enjoy a nice marvelous bowl of ramen. Real ramen. Not the noodles from your beer & ramen diet in college. 

They are still cash only, but even make room for large parties (special japanese sit IN booths).  Bring friends, and leave exceptionally noodled. 

It would be neat if they had a rotating special menu, but regardless, at once!
We've tried out quite a few ramen places in Philly (Nomnom, Terakawa, etc.), but this is by far our favorite.  My fave is the black pig (burnt garlic oil, mmmMmmMm) with an extra egg, and my husband's is the gates of hell (spicy!).  Both are deeeeeelicious, the broth is incredibly deep and flavorful, the pork just melts in your mouth, egg is perfectly soft-cooked.  We're also a fan of the fried chicken--big pieces that are fried to perfection, yummmm.  Also, Dan, the server, is so incredibly friendly and nice--he's just adorable.

To top it all off, lunch special = $12 for a small salad, small appetizer, and a bowl of ramen--I'm sold!
came here for lunch couple times recently and thought it was an alright spot~  the lunch special which is $13 for a side salad, small app, and the ramen of your choice is not bad since the price is tax included.  i'm particularly a fan of their fried chicken! nicely seasoned with crispy goodness!

the ramen at hiro, i feel like, is a hit or miss.  i've only ordered the gates of hell and last time i got it, the ramen was barely edible with the amount of pepper/chili oil in the broth! since my coworker and i were in a rush to get back to the office, i opted to not speak up... but i was quite disappointed tbh as the spice was so potent, i had one sniff and it gave my eyes and nose a burning sensation.  it was very uncomfortable trying to eat that knowing it was an excessive amount of pepper.

also, the service can be quite slow.  i know others who like to visit Hiro during their lunch hr too.  most people do not have the luxury of waiting around just to be seated (when there are empty chairs) and sometimes getting the check itself can take some time.. not really fond of the service here but i believe they're just very short staffed.

so if you're in the area, try it if it interests you.  unfortunately, i would rather stop by liberty place for food court ramen.  at least, i wouldn't have to wait 15 mins to get seated.
This place is so so. Soup is the most important thing for ramen but they pretty much did a bad job. It is like MSG soup and really oily and salty. Noodle itself is just okay. I give two stars bz they are just opened and I will give a shot later after a few months... by that time this place is still the same I don't think I will be back here again..
Despite what others have said I think hiro ramen is top notch. Is it as authentic as some of the NY spots or over in Japan? Not really, but their own version of ramen is quite tasty. The menu was limited but then again their ingredients are locally sourced and Hurricane Sandy just hit the surrounding area. The broth of the shoyu ramen was rich and flavorful. The noodles were a little similar to Chinese egg noodles as compared to some other ramen that I had before but it was very good and well prepared to al dente. Plenty of toppings in the bowl of ramen with two pieces of  pork belly, bamboo shoots, half of a soft cooked egg, nori, and scallions. Service was great and the staff was very friendly. All this for only $8? It's a no brainer.
I had the inch of heaven ramen for lunch. The lunch special is an extraordinary bargain. Appetizer and salad with a bowl of noodles for only $12 is well priced. 

The appetizers were rather smallish in size (but that's expected for a lunch special). The salad ginger dressing I liked. Good balance for the meal. 

The ramen is good too. The menu however lacks protein variety. Basically if you like Berkshire pork belly you're in the right spot. Otherwise, you'll enjoy the fine selection of more pork belly. 

The broths of the ramen have good character. I tried a taste of the gates of hell which tasted great. It does pack some heat but not "painful" heat. 

The inch of heaven tastes great also. It's very rich though. I'm talking fatty to the extent that I feel like I had eaten the adipose content of 5 baby seals when I was done. But other than that I liked my experience and the ambiance and decor is top notch. Give it a try.
It's true this place earns at least half a star just for being close to me. This happens to be the only place I've had ramen since I moved to Philly, and in LA there is no shortage of great ramen houses. The portion here is a little small at least compared to LA, but that works out perfectly for me. Last night I had the spicy miso, which wasn't especially noticeably heavy on miso. Wasn't too spicy either, but enough that I got the idea and could still comfortably drink the broth. The noodles were pretty chewy, I like ramen noodles a little softer generally, but I think this was probably the right texture for normal ramen snobs. 

What I am going to rave about is their "dinner specials." For six dollars, they give you a beer or cold sake, and a bar snack sized plate. Last night we tried the seaweed salad, takoyaki, and wings. I'm terribly indecisive, and places like this are a blessing. The waitress accidentally brought me a sake instead of an asahi, I said it was fine, but she brought me an asahi after that anyway, sake bomb!

The deal is essentially like any bar that offers 3 dollar beers and 3 dollar bar bites for happy hour, but 1) Asian flavors, and 2) we were able to take advantage of this well after normal happy hour ends.

cash only though so keep that in mind!
***** THE ONE THING THAT /REALLY/ BOTHERED ME ABOUT THIS PLACE IS THAT IT IS CASH ONLY AND THE ATM IN THE STORE CHARGES A $2.50 FEE BUT THERE IS A TD BANK AROUND THE CORNER. THEY ALSO DO NOT HAVE LEGITIMATE RECEIPTS, ITS JUST WRITTEN ON PAPER!!!

WITH THAT BEING SAID.......

REALLY ENJOYED THE RAMEN HERE !!!!!! I honestly thought it was the best I've had in philly so far, and I've been to most of them in center city.

I ordered the gates of hell (at normal spice) and the seaweed salad. For 5 bucks, the seaweed salad has A LOT. However, didn't find it too fresh so I didn't really enjoy it. 

The Gates of hell ramen was SO GOOD. If you like REALLY thick broth, this isn't the place for you. However, I enjoyed it a lot because the broth was SO flavorful but not super thick and heavy that I felt painfully full at the end as I normally do with ramen. This broth is actually spicy too!!!!! And you will need to drink water. The taste is really really good though and I highly recommend it!
Hiro Ramen House is a hidden ramen gem in Center City. I go the lunch special which got me a salad, a small appetizer and a bowl of delicious and scrumptious ramen for $13! What a deal!  This delightful Ramen house is intimate, cozy, and it transports you into what feels like a wooden den in the middle of Japan. Im a big fan and recommend it if youre looking for some traditional Ramen where you can bring some of your own booze! (BTW ITS CASH ONLY!)

And now, the FAPS breakdown:

Food - Food was spectacular. I had the inch of heaven ramen, with a small side salad and edamame. Salad and edamame were pretty standard and tasted pretty awesome. The Inch of heaven ramen was supreme! The broth had excellent flavor and felt a little thicker to other Ramens Ive had. The pork was crispy, rich and mixed well with the ramen.

Ambiance - Theres no real sign in front of this place and I didnt even realize it was a restaurant until recently. Located next to milkboy, this small establishment is for some casual intimate dining and honestly wouldnt recommend more than four of you going at a time. It has beautiful wood surrounding the restaurant and seating at the bar and a few tables. They make good use of the small space and the decor is very well done!

Price - $$ - each bowel of ramen was 10 bucks and the appetizers were about 5 bucks. I felt pretty full after the meal, but not overly so. As with many Japanese restaurants, they did a solid job with portion control and gave me just enough to comfortable. The real steal is in the lunch special if you can make it! Just a heads up, its CASH ONLY. 

Service - The waitress was on the ball, even as the restaurant slowly drew in the lunch crowd, she was more than experienced to handle the different orders being thrown at her.
An authentic Tokyo-style shoyu ramen tucked away in Center City. Flavorful shoyu broth actually tastes like it was prepared in-house, rather than diluted and prepared as an afterthought. Slightly oily, but a good signifier that it didn't come out of a bottle or a packet. Blowtorched pork belly was terrific, and well worth ordering another slice for $2. Menma was Japanese-style; snappy, with none of the soggy over-soak that one finds in Chinese restaurant-supply menma. Noodles were outsourced, but cooked al dente. Egg was not half-cooked, which was probably the only regrettable point of the bowl.

Atmosphere is also very Japanese style, with a number of counter seats and cash-only. No ticket machines. Owner is Chinese but intent on replicating an authentic Japanese ramen experience. Chef is Laotian, but my compliments to her.  The prices are also really impressively affordable--a really nice surprise.  

Now that they've proven themselves with the shoyu, I'm ready to try their tonkotsu-shoyu next time.
Stopped by here before we left for the airport and I'm so glad we did! This tiny restaurant only takes cash and has limited seating. Me and 4 friends packed around this small table and we all ordered the lunch special which was a STEAL we got an app, salad, and ramen for $13! Everything was amazing, the dumplings, edamame, and all the different ramens we ordered were great too! I got the chili bomb to add to my ramen and it made a huge difference in flavor and I added the spices on the table as well. I like my ramen spicy and this did it for me! I recommend this place to anyone who stops by Philly. It's clean and affordable for big portions!
Would give 4.5 stars.

Hiro's is everything you want in a ramen. Warm, comforting, rich broth and nice chew to the noodles. I've been at least 8-9 times now and I hope it is here to stay!

My tips: 
- cash only! 
- get the porfilio and ask for extra lemon wedges on the side. The combo of refreshing lemon + savory broth is AMAZING! Don't think I've seen it anywhere else 
- not much seating, so go during off hours (7pm on weekdays) 
- or go during lunch special - runs until 3 pm, includes a ramen, salad, and a smaller version of an app (recommend chicken kaarage) 


Reason it's not a perfect 5 is cause they got cheap with their meat :( Each bowl of ramen used to come with 2 slices of pork, now it's only 1 piece. By comparison, terakawa ramen in Chinatown offers 3 slices of pork while their bowls are 1-2$ cheaper.
Great Ramen.  The pork slices were tender and flavorful, but my absolute favorite is a tie between the broth and the marinated egg.  Very Light delicate broth wonderfully adorned with a marinated halved soft boiled agg.  Tasty and at this point in the year thoroughly appropriate ^-^
My Favorite Ramen in the city so far. I have written reviews previously on how to score a good ramen dish and the number one aspect in my opinion is how are the Ramen noodles (not too hard, not too soft, cooked obviously etc.) These noodles came in with a solid A and I only hope upon return visits they are this good! 

Secondly, how is the broth? I ordered the Gates of Hell Ramen and yes this was spicy but I want to say maybe a six out of ten on the spice level so you can enjoy all the items in the soup, which is my last criteria when judging a good ramen soup - the items selected or added to the ramen and broth. 

Added items- Berkshire tonkotsu broth with intense chili oil, pork belly chashu, bamboo, egg. What I will say about the ingredients is the bamboo of all items had the highest score for me as the bamboo was more delectable then the bamboo I eat on occasion. I was taken aback by it and must know now what else is hidden in Chinatown and the surrounding area as there must be other items I have not stumbled upon that are unique and this delish. The pork belly had some fat in it but to my understanding alot of people actually like the fat in it and to that I say, hey to each their own.

Hold up wait a minute! These are not only the words from a Bone Thugs and Harmony song but you really do need to take pause and read what I'm about to knowledge drop...two words....Yaki-Gyoza. These are the best Gyoza I have ever consumed! They are small relative to all the other Gyoza I have ordered in other restaurants however these have a healthy taste to them and are prepared with ample heathly embellishments underneath the six pieces that are to each order, it may be less but from now on I will always be ordering two orders of this appetizer.

I can't wait to come back and try some of there other items and highly recommend you seek this place out if you are looking for some top notch Ramen and Gyoza of your dreams!

As always people SYOY!!
I always see this place and I'm happy I finally tried it because this is my new favorite ramen place in Philly. Beats all the other ones in chinatown - hands down. I've tried the black pig ramen and the hiro's inch of heaven ramen. Both amazing but I prefer the hiro's inch of heaven. Ramen is ready within minutes of ordering it and it is steaming hot - which I love. 

If you come here, you have to order the fried chicken on the menu. So crispy. So juicy. The mayo dipping sauce with lemon is the perfect combination. You can't come here and not order the fried chicken. Writing this review right now makes me want to order some. Overall, I love this ramen place and this is the place I'll be going to from now on. 

Giving this a 4 stars because it is cash only and I wish they have more seating, other than that, the food is a 5 stars for me!
There a number of ramen noodle houses in the area, and everyone has their preferences but Hiro is right in the middle for me compared to Terakawa and Cheu Noodle.  I would rank Hiro over Cheu, but well below Terakawa.    

I like the authentic environment similar to Terakawa but slightly smaller.  The menu isn't as extensive either.  The service was good but they didn't take credit card, big ding there since the other two places do.  The price is better than Cheu.  And lastly it's a byo, take that for what it's worth.  

Overall, it's a strong ramen noodle restaurant.  Can't ding it for anything major.  But if you had only ONE ramen noodle place, I'd go to Terakawa instead.
TIPS: 
1. In addition to the chili powder on the table, you can also ask for their housemade chili oil sauce on the side. 

2. Come for the lunch special. The ramen itself is $10 and for an extra $3, you get an appetizer AND salad.

3. Cash only!

My favorite ramen spot in Philly. Yes, better than Terakawa and without the wait. The noodles are always cooked to perfection with a nice springy bite (never soggy), the roasted garlic oil for their black pig ramen should be illegal for how addicting it is, and ohh the tonkotsu broth! I could swim in it...
So yummy! One of my favorite foods in the world is ramen, but I usually eat the packaged variety. We ordered the lunch special - for $12, you get a house salad, appetizer, and ramen. The house salad had that tasty miso dressing I love. Appetizers I got to try were the gyoza (fried dumpling) and the fried chicken. Both tasted home made and fresh/crisp. For the ramen, we asked for the spiciest dishes. My husband ordered the Gates of Hell and I got the Porfirio (sp?). It looked exactly the same except the Gates of Hell was spicier and the Porfirio had a piece of lemon. We finished off our bowls. Definitely coming back.
I ordered Gates to Hell and it was great! My friends and I really enjoyed and I really want to give 5 stars for the noodles here! BUT the waitress girl was not behaving in a professional manner, and destroyed our happiness dining here.

When I ask if we could pay together with one card, she said they only accept cash indifferently. That's ok, but when we paid the noodles (pay for food first then pay the tip), she thought we didn't pay enough tips and came back requiring us to pay at least 15% to 20% tip. The way she said was rude, and inappropriate, and deserved no tips. We eventually paid her the amount she wants, but we are not coming back again, even if we really like the noodle here. We don't want to pay for any unpleasure.
A friend and I stopped into Hiro for a quick bite to eat after work.  We both ordered the Kim Chi and a bowl of the vegetable ramen.  The Kim Chi was delicious, some of the best I've had in that area.  The veggie ramen was pretty good.  The broth was completely different than any other ramen broth I've had-which is not to say it's bad, but it seemed more of a bullion consistency than anything else.  It wasn't too salty.  The pork was a bit chewy, but I think they'll remedy this in the future, and I'm definitely willing to go back for a second try.  The noodles and egg were tasty.
The staff was very friendly, the atmosphere is great, and I like the design of the restaurant.
I'll definitely be back.
I know nothing about Ramen except the commercials I see on TV. While I have eaten in very interesting restaurants in Japan, I have not experienced any in Philadelphia.  Does Philadelphia even have a Japanese community?  This leads me to ask if Hiro Ramen has a Japanese owner.  When I see the two Latino cooks behind the bar, the question takes on another dimension. But do not think that I am being negative about the food or the service. Hiro Ramen is very small. The space is certainly a recreation of the tiny eating places that I enjoyed in Japan: the bar is to one side with the kitchen just beyond, a single row of tables to the other. You sit on a stool. There is no back to your seat.
You should also know that ramen is served in a deep bowl. On your table you will find a ladle and a pair of chopsticks.  The ladle is rather big. It serves as a spoon and as a mini-bowl in which to gather the elements of your ramen with your chopsticks. Now, here is a curiosity.  According to Bee Wilson in her excellent "Consider the Fork," the wood chopsticks that you pull apart may very well come from America. They may have been made in Georgia. Wilson also notes that for an Asian to use someone else's chopsticks is worse than wearing the underwear of another person. When you think about it, there is something compelling. Why am I putting in my mouth an instrument that has been in the mouth of another? Would I use your toothbrush, even if it has been cleaned?
Since we had no idea of anything on the menu we put ourselves in the hands of our most affable server. Under her guidance we had three very different soups. Because Hiro Ramen has, without question, the worst and least maintained website of any restaurant I know, I cannot offer the exact names of our selections. I can say that each soup was exceptional.  We also had two side dishes: seaweed and octopus. Here again, I don't know the menu name but each was a delight. The seaweed tasted sweet with that toasty over-taste of sesame. The octopus was a kind of fritter with an interior sauce that melted in a savory delight.
Our server helped us most happily. The food was excellent, although I will say that for me, a soup is better for lunch than for dinner. The only drawback to Hiro Ramen is their website with an incorrect phone number and almost no useful information. Although if you look on Yelp or Menupages you can find the correct information.
A+++ 

Came here last night with a party of 4. We made a reservation. We love that they take ressys. It's a small spot so it's necessary. We at first were sitting in the front, but the waitress noticed that we were pretty cramped because it is byob and we had a couple bottles of wine and beer, so she brought us to the back room since it was more spacious! We truly tore it up. FYI if you have a large party, they can accommodate! The aesthetic and atmosphere is very cute here. 

The food is amazing! We got the house salad and the Hiro Inch of Heaven(?) SO delicious. 

The service was amazing. Once we were done our meals, they let us hang out and finish our drinks rather than rushing us out. 

Highly recommend. 

Cash only, though! They have an atm.
Wow okay, I guess I was expecting some half-baked experience since it's an Asian restaurant not actually in Chinatown, but I was dead wrong. I wanted to come here after seeing some reviews, and it was like we were actually in Japan when we walked in. It's the classic look of a ramen shop, and the service is freaky fast. There aren't a lot of options, but I got the standard ramen and it was amazing.

Also, have you noticed their menu prices are pretty cheap? Cheaper than some reputably delicious and authentic ramen shops in the city? And it's actually a decent competitor? Sign me up as a regular, give me a membership, a loyalty card...something! I'm in love.

That being said...wasn't crazy about the takoyaki but that's okay! You can't have it all.

I can only imagine what this place looks like at lunch time, but an early dinner time is the perfect slowness before everyone files in. Do yourself a favor and put this on your list now.
I love this place. :-)
I have been looking for good ramen place since I got to Philadelphia. I am a typical Japanese guy who likes to eat ramen at least one a week.
I just droped by this restaurant couple of weeks ago, and ordered Shoyu Ramen, which is ramen with soy sauce based soup.
The taste is very authentic Japanese ramen, which is very close to ramen in Japan, and I loved it.
I am glad that I could find very authentic ramen restaurant in Philadelphia and have decided to come here often.
I went to there 9:15pm today,
server kicked out me. 
I asked server what time close, he couldn't answer exact time.

I understand I went there too late, my bad. But they still had "Open" sign. He changed "Close" sign after kicked out me.

Thank you for good experience in Philadelphia.
I'm going to Terakawa Ramen.

I never come back to Hiro ramen when I visit Philadelphia.

You should call them after 9pm before go to there.

Good luck, Hiro ramen!
Holy cow the ramen here is damn effing good.

I've had some great ramen back when I lived in LA in Little Tokyo but this place has the tastes and flavors that has half of those places in Little Tokyo running for the exit. The spicy pork soup base was just perfect and not too greasy (still oily). And I don't even usually eat pork. The noodles were just amazing and though I would say the noodles and meat in the soup is enough, but if you want a lot of a good thing, I'd suggest ordering your ramen with extra noodles and meat. It's so worth unbuttoning your pants for and letting your tummy out in all it's ramen-filled glory. Sexy isn't it?

The service was excellent and though this place get super busy, they were on top of our orders and the waitress came by often enough to see how we're doing and asking if we needed refills on water and such. The restaurant itself has a great authentic old-school Japanese vibe to it. I felt like I was back in Japan at a hole-in-the-wall mom and pop shops that served up amazing food. There're only a few tables and the tables hold about 4 max so don't plan on going with a huge group or expect to be seated right away, especially if you're going during peak meal times.

I can't stop raving about this place.

This definitely is one of those rare gems in the Center City area.

Oh yeah, heads up: CASH ONLY. I'd suggest taking about $20/person just for parking+tip if you valeted at the structure nearby + food or if you took SEPTA and have little extra for dessert in the area.

Price: $10+
Wait: 10-15 mins after being seated
Parking: $10 parking or $5/30mins
Love this new ramen spot! I have been to ippudo and ichiran in NY, but so far this is my favorite ramen. I ordered takoyaki and black pig ramen, both were magnificent! The takoyaki cooked perfectly, crispy on the outside and so soft on the inside, I gotta admit it was the best takoyaki I've had in philly. The black garlic on my ramen didn't overpower the broth, oh that pork!!! It was amazing. It's a small place and cash only! But they have atm inside.
I honestly do not understand why Hiro Ramen is rated so high. It's like the baseline for ramen is Maruchan or Shin Ramen by a lot of the reviews I've read. 

The broth is not great, probably not even that good. What I expect from a good tonkatsu is a broth that has a noticeable pork flavor. Instead, what I tasted was giant spoonfuls of MSG. The pork, although very tender, did not have much flavor. The noodles were OK. One thing that was really good was the soft-boiled egg which was perfectly done.

The takoyaki was good but I think you can find better takoyaki in Chinatown. The other appetizers are also pretty average but my review is morely based on the over-rated ramen.

The service was really great and the staff was friendly. This place is cash only btw. I did get my appetizer (takoyaki) slightly after I was served ramen but it was not a huge deal in retrospect. The ramen was served very fast and the takoyaki needed more time to prepare.
I love ramen and my search brought me to this place. It's a quaint little place right next to Milk-Boy. Usually it isn't too crowded and they have the interior set up with booths and a Japanese-esque counter. I have to say this is one of the best places in the city.

First and foremost the noodles were great and cooked to perfection. The broth for Gates of Hell was flavorful and filled with umami. (Only wish it was spicier, but that's just me) The egg was well marinated. So far the best marinated egg I've tried.
The pork belly melts in your mouth, bursting forth with flavor.

My friend got the vegetable ramen. Presentation is a delight to the eyes. The assorted vegetables melded well with each other and cooked properly. The flavor of the broth is very delicate and light. For some people it might be too light. So for those that eat chicken I would recommend getting the Fried Chicken and add some to the vegetable ramen.

The fried chicken is a dark meat fatty chicken. The crispy shell gives way to a juicy soft chicken that is well balanced and isn't overpowering. Perfect combination with the vegetable ramen.

The Tako-Yaki was alright. The inside was a bit underdone, but still edible. For those that aren't into soft textures or a slight slime like texture I wouldn't recommend it.

Overall the price is reasonable, the food taste as good as it looks, and the setting is relaxing. Defiantly one of the best locations to eat some good ramen to fill you up.
A nice little spot with good intentions. Styled to look like an authentic hole in the wall ramen joint, the empty bottles of sake lining the ramen bar seating area immediately capture your attention but serve only as decor in this BYOB. My bowl, entitled "Inch of Heaven", is a bit overconfident in its name. The bowl is beautiful with its signature piece of Berkshire pork belly as the main ingredient. The accompanying bean sprouts, green scallions, bamboo shoots, nori, and egg add color, texture, and flavor contrasts. I taste the egg and it is probably the best tasting marinated egg I've had in Philadelphia. However, the rest of the bowl fell short of my expectations. There was very little flavor in the pork belly. Missing was a slice of fish cake. If you don't have that, then maybe some mushrooms would've been nice. I just think that this place could be so much more.
Came here for an early dinner with a friend. It wasn't that busy when we came, about 3 tables. The ramen were all the same price $10/bowl. I had the Porfilio - the borth and ramen was good. If you like spicy with a kick of lemon, you should try this. 

The restaurant didn't look too clean and the menus were dirty with lots of stains and marks on it. It was a paper menu.. it'll be better if they laminated the menu so they can actually clean the menus every night. The service could be better. Our waiter was on his phone (texting, browsing) majority of the time and we waited for a very long time before he came and got our money. Also, this is a Cash Only restaurant. So make sure you have enough cash before you come in.
This is a strong contender for the best vegan ramen that I've ever had! And I have tried a lot of ramen in Philly and New York. They apparently have two veg options, even though it looks like only one on the menu. There's a second veg and tofu with a creamier broth that is to die for. My non-vegan husband had the Gates of Hell and loved it, and thought the  vegan broth was comparable!
I judge Ramen on broth consistency, noodle texture, and execution of the pork. 

This ramen had flavorful and smooth broth, super tender and fatty pork, and perfectly chewy noodles at a good price. 

Hiro was excellent. I'll be back. Just one thing, I wish my server reminded me of the lunch special. I wound up sort of not getting the optimal value.
Was looking for a hot bowl of ramen, so Came here with a friend about two weeks ago!! Anytime I see a place offering a vegetarian ramen, I get super excited because they are either hard to find or offer just 1 option that isn't great. Overall, pretty decent ramen, would probably come again but the veggie ramen is soy sauce-based so at the end its like eating a bowl of soy sauce.

Atmosphere: super casual, lots of millennials such as myself, college kids, etc. Plenty of 2-people tables. table service, they have a bar with saki mostly as well.

Food: My friend ordered the chicken soy ramen without the pork, and I ordered the veggie ramen. Let me just say, this was TRULY a veggie ramen, this is the first time I've had a ton of vegetables given to me in my bowl (see attached picture). Usually places give you a veggie broth with little to no veggies. Also, the  veggies included things like carrots, bok ahoy, corn, etc! Lots of variety. Overall, the veggie ramen was overpowered by the soy sauce based broth they use. It was way too much soy sauce and I definitely walked out with MSG-overload. Please stop doing this to your veggie customers.

Drinks: just had water! saki available as well as sodas and sparkling water

Service: Quick, efficient, warm, pleasant
Been wanting to try this place since hearing about it a month ago. So two weeks ago I'm walking by in the daytime and I see a Cease Operations/Stop Work Order sign stuck to the window by City of Phila., L&I. On closer examination, it's dated from this past summer (and maybe from a previous tenant or builder) - so I look in the window and see people sitting and eating, and assume Hiro is squared away with L&I, and the Hiro operator is just an idiot, bad businessperson or lazy. But WHOLLY COW, how do you open a business and not remove an official CO/SWO sign!!

But, the other night on PBS there's a show called Mind of a Chef, and the episode takes place in Japan at some of the best ramen shops. So with a craving for a good bowl of soup and intrigued by my previous observations - we walked over at 6:30pm last sat. evening.
    
Now I must say it's been fascinating to read the varying reviews. I appreciate them all and am jealous of the folks who have the "street cred" to know a real good ramen/soup shop. I like to think I know a good bowl of soup, I cook a mean bowl of soup, and this is an average bowl of soup. It was not as bad as some folks have said, but it wasn't amazing either - I'd call it decent or sufficient. (Meaning I'm not thinking about returning in the near future, but I'd go back in a pinch - and it has me on a hunt for the best ramen shop in philly). 

Iv'e been wondering if the varying remarks are due to different expectations or it's just a consistency thing with the kitchen (it shouldn't be - either you make a good stock and season it properly, or you don't). I was leaning toward the later, but now think it might be the expectations.  

Anyway, we walk in and there's a 20 something asian guy eating and admiring/examining a foot tall Transformer looking movie character. It was weird.  As we walk past him we don't see anyone until we get halfway back and three people (servers and owner) hanging out in the back see us and spring into action. The two server's were very nice, accommodating and helpful during the entire meal.

We were offered complementary japanese beer and gladly accepted it. Aside from the soup, we also ordered the octopus sushi, kimchi, and edamame. Loved the kimchi (and price $2.00). The octopus sushi was different - I wouldn't order it again.

So I'd say go and try it - and then write a review.
this place is cozy and cute. go for lunch from 11-3, their $13 deal is a ton of food (a salad, one app, and a ramen bowl) and will definitely fill you up. been here a couple times and the last time i went i got the Porfilio ramen, it had just the right about of spice and flavor. for my app i got the fried chicken and its three small pieces but really crunchy and good. the sauce it comes with is also really tasty - some kind of spicy mayo. the salad that comes with the meal is also so good!! it uses the basic ginger dressing they use at most sushi places, but they add some crunchy pieces to the stop and it was a great starter to the meal. overall real satisfied, and i even took some of my ramen bowl to go because i was stuffed. 

definitely a go to on a cold day!!
Loved it! Got the Porfilio ramen and it was delicious, noodles and egg and meat were all cooked just right. Waiter was nice. Sign on the wall had their weekday special -- pretty sure it was $15 for ramen and small salad and appetizer, seems like a pretty good deal, will probably go back and try that one. Place isn't crazy big but there's smaller tables in the front and then larger tables in the back hallway area for bigger groups. My friend and I sat kinda squished into the front corner at a little table right by the window, which was fun for us but might be a little uncomfortable for others. Overall delicious and filling, absolutely zero complaints.

P.S. It's cash only but there's an atm in the front; I didn't use it so I don't know what the fees are.
Just walk in for dinner. Maybe it's their happy hour special but free beer or sake with an appetizer purchase for $6!! I ordered beer and the appetizer I got, some squid dish, came with sake!! 

And ramen was pretty good too :).
Having grown up on delicious ramen houses in LA, I definitely needed a ramen fix since I moved to Philly.  
My expectations were definitely low, which is possibly why it was just okay. We had the miso ramen and it was decent. It did the job of satisfying my ramen craving until the next time I am in LA. The only thing lacking was that it needed to be way spicier.

The service was very friendly and the price was great. We got a discount with our student IDs
I walked in here at 9pm on a Friday night, they close at 10pm but the staff was extremely courteous. The menu is small with only 4, or 5, ramen choices and about 5 appetizer choices. I ordered the Miso Ramen. The broth was flavorful and the noodles were quite good. The toppings were not as good as other places but the noodles and broth are comparable. The ramen is on par with Terakawa in Chinatown, but with fewer choices. Come here if all you're looking for is a warm bowl of noodles to satisfy a ramen craving.
Some restaurants just need to meet a minimum standard of food quality to survive due to their geography.  Hiro Ramen House is one of those restaurants, located near the heart of Philadelphia next to several major academic institutions and hospitals.  Their food is in the $9-$12 range for a bowl of ramen which honestly had some redeeming parts but overarchingly came out to be about average.  I got a "Gates of Hell," which had all the heat and bite of a whimpering pup.  The noodle was miserable and in all likelihood from the corner asian supermarket.  Except for the egg which was very well made, the toppings were similarly lackluster and consisted of bamboo shoots, bean sprouts, and a sprinkle of green onion.  It truly seemed like they were present just for the sake of diversity in the bowl of ramen.  The broth was barely edging over acceptable and didn't have the deep rich flavor that all the top tier places have from simmering pork bones for literally half a day or longer.  The one redeeming factor for this ramen shop was the chasu, which was tender, lightly fatty, and had a strong, satisfying pork flavor.  

Hiro Ramen House is a place you go to after a tiring day of work, when the idea of waiting in line for 2 hours at a restaurant makes you seriously consider just going to sleep hungry.  It gives you food that has the components of ramen, as much as McDonalds gives you food that has the components of burgers.  But heck it feels much better to sit in a place with actual decent decor rather than a fast food restaurant after a long day of work.
***** THE ONE THING THAT /REALLY/ BOTHERED ME ABOUT THIS PLACE IS THAT IT IS CASH ONLY AND THE ATM IN THE STORE CHARGES A $2.50 FEE BUT THERE IS A TD BANK AROUND THE CORNER. THEY ALSO DO NOT HAVE LEGITIMATE RECEIPTS, ITS JUST WRITTEN ON PAPER!!!

WITH THAT BEING SAID.......

REALLY ENJOYED THE RAMEN HERE !!!!!! I honestly thought it was the best I've had in philly so far, and I've been to most of them in center city.

I ordered the gates of hell (at normal spice) and the seaweed salad. For 5 bucks, the seaweed salad has A LOT. However, didn't find it too fresh so I didn't really enjoy it. 

The Gates of hell ramen was SO GOOD. If you like REALLY thick broth, this isn't the place for you. However, I enjoyed it a lot because the broth was SO flavorful but not super thick and heavy that I felt painfully full at the end as I normally do with ramen. This broth is actually spicy too!!!!! And you will need to drink water. The taste is really really good though and I highly recommend it! It's a bit salty, but still worth it.

They also have a lunch special which includes any ramen, house salad and appetizer (gyoza or karaage).
Cash only at least when I went. They have a range of ramen dishes. The burnt scallions (deliberately so) are a nice combo with their soft boiled (also deliberately) egg. 

The noodles are al dente or as I call them "awesome". Only seats about 20 or so people with picnic style benches. 

Quick service. And noodles. Both good.
The king is dead. Long live the king. 

This place used to be my go-to ramen. Now after the newest menu changes, I don't think I can come in good conscience anymore. 

No more happy hour. Except for the boys who came in after me. What what? Server playing favorites??

Major unbundling of ramen contents. If you like egg on your noodles, it's now an add on to ALL ramen. Kind of sad. Spicy is also another add on. It's a touch ridiculous. 

No more employee discount. I can live with that. 

But this place had a special point. A good-great ramen for about $10. Now it's hard to get away with a bill less than 15. The increase is enough to send me to Terakawa Ramen until something changes...
This was an interesting experience for sure. It's a small place but definitely not small enough to just have one server. The poor girl was running around like a mad woman apologizing to every table and messing up a lot of orders. They were out of a few ingredients so having to ask if people want replacement ingredients made it a downhill battle for her. There were a couple mess up orders just sitting there (not under a heat lamp or anything) and she would offer people the mess ups to make up for everything taking a while/being wrong. So we got this cold greasy fried chicken thing that had been sitting there for a long time.

The broth of the ramen was great and the saving grace of the meal. I had gotten the porfilio and my boyfriend had the inch of heaven. The pork they add is so thin and just tasted like greasy grill char (not what you want in ramen). The fish cake they added was also very thin. They were skimping on ingredients a bit and on the way to the bathroom you get a view of this lovely slop bucket of emptied bowls right out in the hallway. Didn't feel quite safe eating here after seeing that, but needless to say, we were fine.  

It was nicely decorated and I'm sure on a less busy day it would be better, but I wouldn't go back.
Came here after my first review 2-3 more times taking several different people along with me after raving about it, and jesus christ the ramen were so damn salty. WTH! Now I mention this to everyone when telling them about my weekly ramen rounds.
A 2.5 more-so...sometimes that half star is really helpful. Only because it wasn't THAT bad. But it certainly wasn't that great. They consistently have two ramen choices, shoyu or miso, and one day they were out of the miso, so that made my choice pretty clear. This place is very close to my work, so in theory it's like a dream come true- a ramen place literally right across the street?? This is probably what keeps me coming back here. It's a quick lunch that satisfies that noodle/ramen craving at the moment. And their service is quick, no fuss, and always pleasant. 

But as far as taste, both times I went the broth was too salty, without enough depth in flavor. The noodles were not bad, a bit al dente, and fresh. The pork didn't have much flavor to it, tasted more like it had been in broth a bit too long. And halfway through the bowl I usually hit my salt threshold and what becomes hunger quickly is replaces by thirst. If I had to choose, I would pick the miso of the shoyu, just because it has a little more flavor (but still high in the salt content).
Japanese place owned by Japanese people. They seem more serious about authenticity here than the other center city ramen joints. I really love their garlic broth and their chewy qq noodles. Good selection of bottled Japanese soft drinks, too. Cash only-they keep pretending they'll get a credit card machine but they've been saying that for a year at least.
Our first meal in Philly right after checking into our hotel was this little shop called Hiro. My friend that lives in the city had posted about this spot online and I immediately bookmarked it for future reference. Since it was a cold winter day, ramen sounded amazing.

We came on a Saturday evening and to our surprise- it was not completely packed. They have a couple of tables meant for 4 and a bar area where you can sit and watch the chefs prepare the ramen. Notice outside said they're also BYOB which is a plus!

First we started off with some sides: the karaage was deliciously fried to perfection, their tako wasabi was on fire (and was some of the best tasting octopus I've had in a while), and their house salad was fantastic because it incorporated small pieces of fried ramen. All of our appetizers were A+.

I opted for the Black Pig Ramen ($10) which was pork belly and egg noodles soaked in Berkshire pork tonkotsu broth... oh, and garlic oil. The last ingredient really kicked it up a notch and my ramen was both satisfying and hearty. It wasn't the best tonkotsu ramen I ever had, but it sure was flavorful with generous slices of chashu.

Although we came for dinner, they also have a great lunch deal that we weren't able to take advantage of- $13 for a bowl of ramen, salad, and a side of your choice. Not too shabby!

Thanks Hiro for a great first meal back in Philly. Be cautious that this spot is CASH Only! Make sure you got some bucks to spend before you indulge in some fine Japanese.
I'll just transcribe the little I can remember of what I said to my cousin after we left this hidden gem on Chestnut:

"Okay I have to admit it, Danny. I was ready to come here and be petty and say that it sucked because I really, really, really wanted a vegan cheesesteak from Blackbird instead. 

But I can't. It was f---ing divine. 

The salad was f---ing amazing. The noodles were f---ing amazing. 
It was f---ing awesome. 

I'm going to take Cheryl here next."


What I ordered:
- The House salad.
- Vegetable noodle bowl with extra noodles and marinated egg.
Service was excruciating, sadly. I came in on high hopes from a recommendation, but we actually had to ask a waitress if we could sit down after standing next to the "please wait to be seated" sign for maybe 10 minutes. We never got the bill, had to go up to the counter and give them money. 

Food was pretty decent, loved the fried onions and scallions in the ramen. Very unique. 

If I were rating on the food alone, it'd be a 3-4 (terrakawa and chu are just so good), but unfortunately the service really dragged things down.
I really didn't have a good experience here, especially in terms of the food. 

1. I specifically asked for my hiro ramen without the pork shoulder, subbed with tofu... and they serve be the ramen with 2 slabs of pork shoulder. 

2. tbh, the ramen really wasn't that tasty. I'm no ramen expert, but simply didn't like the taste. 

I hope they improve, but I really have no desire to go back and give them another chance.
TL;DR: Average bowl of ramen here at a very reasonable price, but Terakawa still remains at the top of the Philadelphia ramen heap solely because Terakawa does the burnt garlic/leek oil tonkotsu ramen that Im addicted to.

Not since the Ramen Boy scandal of last year have I seen such mixed and bitter reviews about a ramen shop. Fortunately the truth of this place lies somewhere in the middle IMO. In speaking with the chef, he's frequently(maybe even daily) tweaking small individual aspects of his ramen which can be noticed in the few times i've been there. These tweaks have interesting unpredictable differences and likely accounts for the wide variability in reviewers.

Now Ive only had the miso ramen there and here are my thoughts: 

(1) Broth is good. It's not trying to slam the miso flavor into the soup and retains more of a creamy/fatty taste that I am looking for. If you're not careful though, the miso soup can get saltier as you get farther down in the bowl which might have been because I wait until the very end to eat the chashu in hopes that the fatty pork will absorb more of the flavor from the broth. This methodology couldve allowed for any pork marinade to seep into the soup and might be what made one of my miso ramen bowls saltier as I got towards the bottom. Still, it wasnt overly salty and was within my limits of normal variability. 

(2) Noodles are the larger caliber curly yellow noodles which I dont really like. To each his/her own but I like the thin, straight cream-colored noodles. I have no idea what theyre actually made of, but I like them the best. It might be because of all the bias ive acquired from having ramen in Fukuoka which is the heartland of tonkotsu broth ramen and most used the thin cream colored noodles. 

(3) Chashu is spot on. I liked the consistency, the thickness, and whatever marinade was applied to it. If the chef is reading this then for the love of god, dont touch the chashu recipe as it is now. If you really want to improve on this then offer more slices in a standard order.

(4) Cant really remember what else was in the bowl other than the bamboo shoots and corn which were okay, but not usually what I focus on in my ramen experience.

Im still waiting for some place in Philly to do the Ichiran customization options, but the bottom line is that this place is a decent alternative to Terakawa or nom-nom.
My friend from Tokyo recommended this place to the M&M doc and I was skeptical at first. 

Recently came back from a trip to Japan. Got to try all types of amazing ramen and I confidently say this is the best one in town compared to others (don't want to call any of them out.) This is as authentic as it gets especially as you walk right in...

Environment: Dimly lit, felt exactly as if I was going into ramen bar in Japan. Great atmosphere.

Service: Nothing to complain about. They did an EXCELLENT job in serving us.

Food: As authentic as ramen gets in Philadelphia. Maybe not as good as the ones in New York or even California. Being one who went to Japan, they did a great job reproducing what is overseas.. My favorite of all time is the Portfolio. It's like a deluxe ramen and if you want extra flavor I highly recommend getting extra chasu.

Price: For $10, this was a no-brainer in the city. The ramen is comparable to other places in the city for significantly better quality. M&M out..
I have been adventuring around different ramen places over the city for the last few months, and Hiro has been the only one thus far that prompted me to write a yelp review. 

I ordered the vegetable ramen with marinated egg and nori (seaweed), and my ramen came out teeming with vegetables, two extra pieces of nori, and lots of flavor. The bowl was huge- while it cost $11, it also will be feeding me for two days, so I think the price was absolutely reasonable. Their green tea was actually made properly out of green tea powder whisked into a froth, an experience I had missed since visiting Japan and one which surprised me at Hiro. The whole food experience- in one word- was fantastic! 

The ambiance was also quite nice- it has a quaint, hole in the wall atmosphere (possibly due to the small building size,) but also feels nostalgic for Japan- it has just the right decorations, paneling, and layout to give one a hint of east-Asia. The staff I interacted with (the chef and the waiter,) were incredibly nice, enthusiastic, and personable. 

Also- to contradict someone else- they do take card :)

This may have to become one of my regular spots!
UPDATED: safety hazard and sloppy service. 

I came in during a busy lunch hour and placed a to go order. When the waitress gave me the food I asked her if there was a fork/spoon in the bag and she assured me yes. I tipped her for the speedy service but unfortunately there was no utensils.

Then I found two pieces of string with the pork. I called the hostess back and told her this and she only offered apologies. 

There are plenty of great ramen spots around the city so I won't be back here again.
I really don't get the seeming underappreciation of Hiro. Maybe it's its kind of nondescript storefront, or its location on a not-so-happening block of Chestnut St. In any case, I've been to all of the hyped, 5-star, long wait ramen places both in NYC and Philly, and I think Hiro's Black Pig ramen is my favorite ever. I've been there at least four times over the past few months, and it has yet to disappoint. 

To be fair, I haven't tried any of their other ramen---the Black Pig is just too good. Part of the reason is their absolutely incredible Berkshire chashu. It's the best I've ever had. Their broth is flavorful and rich, but not as heavy as some other places. Their marinated egg is worth the extra cost---always perfectly cooked. Their noodles are wavy, nice and firm. Seriously, the black pig is awesome. 

Their appetizers are good too; of note are the gyoza and tako yaki. 

The decor is nothing special, but the service is good. I think we've had the same server every time---Dan, I think. He's great, friendly and attentive. 

We've never had a wait, although we usually go on weekdays. Other things to note: BYOB and cash only. 

Hiro deserves much more than its current 3.5 stars; in my mind, it's certainly the best in Philly, and like I said, the Black Pig is my favorite ramen I've had anywhere. Do yourself a favor and go here.
I had the chicken shoyu ramen. I thought the soup was pretty good. It had the right chicken broth flavor. I get it that other reviewers were saying it is salty. Eating with the noodle, I liked it. But soup itself was a little salty.  I liked the noodle also, matched very well with the soup. The person making the ramen wasn't moving so quickly so I was worried the noodles would become a little soft but it was fine.  The chashu looked good, but it was bland.  

Overall I would give it 3.5 stars.
This place is amazing!  Great good and has the feel of an Izakaya like you'd find in Japan. The food also tastes just like I remember from Japan.  Huge ramen bowls at an affordable price! The staff here is also very friendly and amazing.  I'll absolutely be back and will tell everyone about this gem
I would say the place is nice and it's bigger than Nom Nom. Food wasn't bad But..........................................
This wasn't the best Ramen shop.
My complaint is that The Ramens don't come with all the vegetables and herbs, and it doesn't come with the Naruto. If you want additional ingredients like that, you have to pay $1 each. So you end up paying around 14 dollars. 
At Nom Nom, the Ramens already come with everything even the Naruto. You would only have to pay 89 cents for a boiled egg. So with Nom Nom you only pay $7-9 for a Regular sized bowl which is very large. You get more for your money. So yes Nom Nom is way cheaper than this place. 

Utensils: You get a nice spoon, but wooden throwaway chop sticks. With Nom Nom you get fancier Utensils. Not that it was a huge issue. 
Also didn't feel that comfortable there. Like I feel like I couldn't read my book as  I was eating. 

Not a fan of this place. Nom Nom all hands down. 

And to those who said Hiro Ramen place is cheaper is lying.
Solid ramen spot in Philly. I came here for an early dinner as a party of three and was met with quick and friendly service. Granted, we were initially the only customers in the restaurant, but nevertheless, we got our food pretty quickly. I tried the Hiro inch of heaven and thought it was great - the broth was flavorful and the rest of the ingredients seemed to blend really well together (to the point where I wasn't really focused one individual ingredient over another. 

I liked the vibe of Hiro - pretty low-key (hard a little bit of a hard time figuring out whether the restaurant was actually Hiro in the beginning) and felt like a hole-in-the-wall while still looking clean! This place is cash only, but this shouldn't be a huge deal because the ramen is all decently priced anyways. I would definitely recommend a visit here!
Have been in Philly for over 10 years and watched the ramen shops pop up one by one - this is definitely my favorite place for a hot bowl of noodles.  The Inch of Heaven is rich and flavorful, and has a unique taste that reminds me of ramen I used to eat growing up in Asia.  The lunch special is a great deal, and please do yourself a favor and get the fried chicken because it is perfection (crispy on the outside and tender, juicy inside).
I enjoyed my meal here. Had the lunch special which includes a salad, appetizer, and choice of ramen for $13. I thought everything was delish and the service was great. Will definitely return.
If you want affordable, good ramen, Hiro Ramen House is the place to go.
The portions are not bad, not too small, not too big. 
Went here with my friend, we started with an appetizer: Karaage Fried Chicken **must get**
Thought the chicken is going to be dry, but nope. It was juicy and this was a huge plus. 
As for the ramen, I got the Hiro Inch of Heaven, while he got the Portfilio. 
The Inch of Heaven, similiar to tonkotsu ramen, is definitely a must try for anybody. Aesthetic-wise was a plus, and the filling was just right.  Similarly, the Portfilio was astonishingly great, described by my friend. 

Definitely coming to this place again in the future !
I was in the mood for ramen and was in the area, so I decided to go here. First of all, the exterior of the restaurant makes it seem incredibly mysterious. The name of the restaurant in the front is only written in kanji, with no English letters indicating what the restaurant is. It does cause a lot of people to peer in the window though, so maybe the mysteriousness works for them? Also note, right now they only accept cash and do not do delivery! The interior of the restaurant was clean, cozy, and quite quaint. 

In terms of service, it was fine, no complaints about it. Ramen came out in in a timely manner and the waitress was nice. Although the restaurant was completely devoid of customers at around 5pm, so I wouldn't expect less from the waitress seeing that there was no one else to attend to.

Now to the important part, the food! The menu itself is quite limited at the moment, with only four types of ramen bowls, a few appetizers, and some drinks. I'd note that the pictures of the ramen they use on their menu are probably not pictures they took themselves because the ramen didn't come out with exactly the same toppings as what the picture indicates.... (Like there is corn in the picture, but the actual ramen did not come with corn itself.) 

I got the shoyu (chicken soy) ramen. It comes with one piece of cha-siu, half of an ajitsuke seasoned egg, some bamboo shoots, a piece of seaweed, and of course the noodles. I must say, their ajitsuke egg was seasoned quite good, I thought it was delicious, but unfortunately there was only half of one. The cha-siu was pretty thin and semi tough, not as soft as Japanese cha-siu should be. They also use prepackaged noodles and do not make their own hand drawn ramen, so there isn't anything to rave about for the noodles - they were pretty standard. But I guess for $9, I shouldn't be expecting much or comparing their ramen to places like Ippudo in NYC where it's $17+ per bowl. 

My main qualm with this shoyu ramen is the broth. I found it overly salty, almost to the point where I didn't want to drink any of the broth with the ramen... I'm not sure if this is a consistency issue or how their shoyu broth normally tastes, but I definitely was not a big fan of it and would not eat it again if the taste remains the same. 

Overall, I think Hiro Ramen House definitely has some potential to flourish if they refine their food some. But from the first bowl of ramen I had here, I think for now I prefer the taste of ramen from Ramen Bar near University City over Hiro Ramen House.

TLDR Version: Ramen came out promptly. Ramen bowl itself was overall very average, except for the halved seasoned egg that was really tasty. The shoyu ramen broth was wayyyy too salty which I did not like. Overall this place has potential to grow, but needs to fix some of their menu items.
Hiro is by FAR the best spot for Ramen in Philadelphia!
The various kinds of broth are all fantastic!
The eggs are perfect!
The pork is delicious!
Priced better than most of the places in Philly, the lunch special is a great deal!
Go here. Spread the word. This is the hot spot!!!
Having lived in NY for a while and having Ippudo as my standard in Japanese ramen, I was doubtful yet hopeful in finding a solid ramen place in Philly. 

Hiro Ramen happened to be just down the street from my apartment so ideal location in midtown village. My husband and I have been to Ramen bar (our top place prior to Hiro), Cheu Noodle Bar (ramen - bad, but small plates good), Nom Nom (solid, good ramen), so here's our assessment of Hiro:

Ramen: Spicy Miso and Spicy Tonkasu
- Broth - flavorful, just spicy enough, and rich. Prefer the Miso broth over Tonkasu
- Noodles - chewy, slightly al dente than ramen that i've had in other ramen places, but good. Quantity-wise, they give you a healthy, hearty portion of noodles
- Toppings - more provincial and simple than other ramen house but yummy and fits well with the broth. Spicy Miso even comes with sweet corn and mixed greens, 2 toppings that I haven't encountered with Ramen yet. There's a list of add-in topping as well from extra pork, egg, etc

Side Plates:
- Takoyaki - delicious, flavorful, perfect amount of sauces and seasoning
- Pork Gyoza: plump and yummy, but not a big fan of the lemon over it

Overall:
Really hearty, flavorful, satisfying ramen that rivals Ramen bar or Nom Nom -- we think the broth kicks both their butts but slightly prefer the noodles at Ramen bar more. It's our go-to ramen spot now so YOU MUST CHECK IT OUT!

NOTE:
- Cash Only
- BYOB (but you can a free beer or sake serving with an order of a side plate (great deal/idea)
Anyone who gives Hiro less than 5 stars is playing themselves--and you as a yelp reader.

Their ramen is super good. Like really damn good. Prices are fair for what you get. Not cheap, but not super taxed. Fair.

They have the cool asian soda's with the ball that make it fizz up all crazy, and taste like a better version of sprite. Not sure the name of the brand, but I love those damn soda's. Perfect with the ramen.

Only downside is cash only. But get your bands up, and bring $15 and eat like a king.
The 2nd best ramen in the city.*

*See Cheu Noodle
Just had my first ramen here and I have zero complaints. I had the $13 lunch special which included salad, an appetizer and ramen. I asked the waitress who was very friendly for recommendations and she recommended the Hiro's inch of Heaven!! Great choice for a newbie like me. The broth was very flavorful and the noodles were perfect!  The lunch salad was good and for the appetizer I got the Karaage (fried chicken) and it was delicious. I was stuffed by the time I left but I will be back again!! Great service during the lunch rush hour
Just ate the Inch of Heaven in about 3 minutes!!!!! Friegen' Unbelievable!!!
Get here and eat!!!

Stopped in today for my second visit.
Tried the Gates of Hell and it is just as amazing as the Inch of Heaven.
The waitress here is very pleasant.
Can't wait to go back.
Don't know what the big fuss is about, my first time here, and many more to come.

I ordered the vegetable ramen. It was delicious. The right amount of salt, oil, vegetables and other seasonings. The ramen it self was of traditional ramen noodles. Also the ramen was well plated or should I say well bowled? Lol. 

The hostess and waitress are a pair of very attractive Asian ladies. The were very kind and stayed in eyesight if anything was needed. However, they are latently hungry for a tip. Typical for any hostess or waitress in a new restaurant.

5 stars and well earned!
Been here a few times now for lunch, and have never found it crowded, although it is a small space. Love the Ramen. Service has always been quick and courteous.
i don't know why this place has mediocre reviews on yelp, honestly.  i've been here for about a half dozen times (albeit for lunch) and the food & service has always been solid.   their lunch special for $13 is fantastic, and i always chose their fried chicken appetizer which is included.   the place is cozy and we always look forward to coming here on a cold day.  i seriously don't understand the hype at Cheu.   this place is 10x better and deserves the love.
This is a small place with a simple menu that serves ramen for a decent price.  We were the only people in the restaurant during prime lunch hours and got served very quickly.  I got the tonkatsu broth, with extra pork and egg.  The pork was excellent - really fatty the way I like it and the broth was one of the more flavorful and delicious I have tasted.  The portion size was perfect - I was full and satisfied but not exploding by the time I finished. 

Noodle snob boyfriend now rates this a close second to Toki Underground in DC and I agree.  Toki Underground has a funkier atmosphere and more menu items/topping choices.  Other than that the ramens were pretty much equally good.  I think this is better than the other place I have been to in Philadelphia as well.

Great choice for lunch!
I've had two bad experiences already, but I wanted to like this place since I live so close. $13 lunch special sounds like a deal, but the best thing about it is the salad. The lunch special gets you three pieces of karaage. Every Ramen broth here is too salty. The chasu pork is sliced so thin that it feels like you're just eating fat. 

I ordered the portfolio which is described as having lemon (and comes with a lemon slice). When I asked for one more lemon slice to cut some of that saltiness, the waitress said they were out of lemon slices. There was like one other person eating there. That's really weird. Where did my single lemon slice come from...

Then a cockroach crawled out from the kitchen towards me at the bar. The waitress said I looked so scared as she killed it. I was actually just surprised that this meal was so bad. 

Gave it a chance. Not coming back.
Meh. Didn't care for the vegetable ramen soup. This review is based on my vegan opinion of the soup. The soup consists of mostly just noodles. Where are the veggies?! Just some watercress and another vegetable. I'm not certain but I thought ramen noodles had the ingredients of egg in them but our server told us otherwise. Other than the soup it's a nice spot for a lunch  or a quick bite for dinner with a nice hip atmosphere.
WARNING: I was super drunk when I ate here.... It was a cute place. Very small with Japanese decor. We came because of a groupon we bought online. I thought the food was amazing. I've been to a couple of ramen places but never really liked it. I really thought ramen just wasn't for me. This place changed my mind. The soup was delicious. Some might say it's a little salty but I liked it.
Came here shortly after it opened.  Had the shoyu ramen.  It was pretty good flavorwise, but a little salty.
I came another time to try their miso ramen, but it was sold out, and got the shoyu again.
I will definitely come back to try their different specials, which changes based on the chef's whim.  I'm sure once they work out the kinks I can bump up the rating.
One of the best kept secrets in the area. I work in the neighborhood and heard there was rumored to be a new ramen spot opening up by Jefferson Hospital. Although there was no real sign at the time (probably because they had just opened), I was able to identify the place by the Japanese lettering above the front door-- right next to Milkboy. It was a quiet atmosphere inside, and my co-worker and I were serviced immediately. The place appears to have gone thru recent renovations as everything is brand new. A bit small in size, kind of a hole in the wall actually, but an interesting set up as the chefs area/kitchen is adjacent to the seating, very much like a sushi bar. 

Our orders came out quickly and I was very satisfied with the soup. You never know what to expect with ramen, but this place definitely uses high quality ingredients in their soup. Noodles, egg, chicken, vegetables. I think they said they had vegetarian options too. 

The chef assured us that they were still in the unveiling process, but I'm curious to see how well this place does once they are in full operation.   Like Viet Pho, it's an excellent cold weather meal, so I imagine they would start to crank it up in the winter months.  I'll definitely be back.
Looks like hiro is on the up&up. They have new lamenated menus w/ a choice of 4 different ramens: chicken soy, miso, pork, and vegetarian.

Had the chicken soy for the first time! Very tasty. However, I still prefer the pork and the vegetarian. Since ramen traditional comes with pork belly (a fatty meat), the fattiness of the chicken was a little weird. I don't know. I guess I would just rather be eating pork fat than chicken fat :)

PS. Jefferson Hospital Employees get $1 off! Woohoo
Reading the other reviews, clearly people have strong opinions about their ramen. Some awfully dramatic comments for a bowl of noodle soup. I consider myself a pretty cultured eater, but I fully concede that I'm not a ramen expert. So if you are the ultimate connoisseur of ramen, perhaps this review is not for you. Perhaps you would like to shun me and take me off the Christmas card list. Okay. That's fine. 

But if you just like good food and don't approach it with a checklist, I would definitely describe what I had for lunch today as delicious. Maybe the shoyu broth was a little salty, but I rather liked it that way. It had a complex flavor. The pork belly, scallions, and bamboo were all presented nicely. Noodles were properly cooked.  I thought the portion size was perfect. I will come back often. It will be especially great when the weather gets cold. 

I have no problem with a small menu, which is now typed out properly with prices. I would have eaten any of the three ramen choices. The decor was very attractive, I thought. Yes, it took two chefs a few minutes to make two bowls of ramen (ours looked like the only order in), but let's be real here - it's minutes. Unless you hold some deeply held belief that ramen must be served instantly, you can handle the wait. 

I know the lunch options in this neighborhood very well and believe me, this is a welcome addition.
This was my first experience at a ramen house, so I have no comparison in terms of the food but all in all I really enjoyed my time at Hiro! We went because we had never been to a ramen house before and almost passed it up as it is small and without a sign out front (just Japanese writing on the awning). It was small and cozy inside, perfect to beat the cold weather outside. The server was super nice and friendly, and informed us she could seat us right away, but it would take 20 minutes as the pork broth was being made fresh. We ordered the lunch special, which was a great deal- $13 for salad, app, and ramen bowl. The salad came first and was delicious with dressing and fried ramen on top. You could pick from three offered appetizers for the special (goyoza, fried chicken, or edmame). We chose the goyoza and the fried chicken- which were both tasty. I got the Gates of Hell as I had read good reviews here and love spicy food! My boyfriend got the chicken soy and liked it. As it was our first experience we were a little unsure about the food but did like it! The ambiance and experience was on point though. This place is cash only, so be aware! I would definitely return in the future if I wanted ramen!
Are you kidding me? Why did I just find out this place? Just back from lunch. BEST ramen in Philadelphia. The broth is rich and stands up just right to the noodles. Berkshire pork, herbs, egg, sprouts round off this one dish meal, except that there's a $12. Lunch special that includes 2 sides: a salad and a generous portion of crunchy fried chicken. (Or other sides.) The spicy ramen is well worth the burn. Don't let the Chestnut street location fool you. Head over now.
Got some ramen to go 10 minutes before closing.  Ramen consistency was good.  Al dente.  Broth was slightly salty but that was expected.  What wasn't expected was small fat chunks in it.  Guess it adds to flavor but not the healthiest of diets.  Also tried the fried chicken appetizer.  This was very good.  Seasoning and coating was nice and different than one would expect.
3.5. Took me a while to try this place that I pass by frequently. Went on a weekday around 12:30, and it was fairly busy. Ordered the lunch special ($14) which consists of your choice of a bowl of ramen ($11 on its own), small salad (seaweed salad or mixed greens with crispy noodles on top) and an appetizer (includes choice of gyoza (3), fried chicken pieces or edamame). The mixed greens salad was tasty, if a bit dry after the small amount of dressing was gone. The gyoza was fine. ..Thin skin with flavorful pork and veg inside-Although they reminded me of frozen gyoza found at HMart. The inch of heaven ramen was very tasty, deeply flavored broth and tasty noodles. But, the serving size was a bit smaller than I expected, or than what you find a few blocks over in Chinatown. The lunch special was filling, but I may have been looking for something else if I hadn't had the other items to round out the meal.

The food came out in a reasonable amount of time, and the service was pleasant. Cute decor-with tables along one wall, while solitary diners are directed to the counter which faces the food prep area.  

A good choice if in the area, and not keen on walking to Chinatown for ramen.
