Went here for lunch with my darling daughter and was really pleased with the customer service. Our waiter was crazy nice and our orders came out like lightning. 

Great value for lunch - I got the three roll maki (salmon, spicy tuna and california with a salad and miso soup) for $11 and she got the dragon roll lunch for $9. I had enough left over to have dinner a few hours later. Epic win!

Hokka Hokka, I I like like you you a a lot lot!
Hokka Hokka is a Japanese restaurant near to where I live in Philadelphia that has reopened for takeout during the Covid-19 pandemic.  Of course I want to support local eateries and I did.  But in all honesty I do have to say my meal from here was only decent and not overly noteworthy.  I had better luck when I ate here a few years ago. 

My favorite item to order at Hokka Hokka is the appetizer Nagimaki.  This delicious rolled up steak with scallions is tasty and perfectly cooked and makes for a superb way to begin a meal (unless you are a vegetarian).  My main course of Udon noodles with vegetable and shrimp tempura was less successful.  The noodles had little flavor (but fortunately being at home I could def dress them up) and the tempura was okay but needed some sauces (which again I had at home) to bring out some flavor.  A standard miso soup also came with the takeout.

One of the owners was a little bit annoyed at me when I took a photo from the front door into the restaurant.  I guess these are jumpy days because I don't know know exactly what offended him.  In a way he then wound up slightly offending me.  Oh well, these are troubled times so I'm going to overlook all that.  And wanting to support local restaurants and also remembering a past meal here which I liked better, I'm going to bestow four stars on Hokka Hokka.
You can not help but compare Hokka Hokka to Osaka, which is right up the street. While I love Osaka, Hokka Hokka won in some categories. I was hesitant to try since Osaka always seemed like the clear winner, but I think Hokka Hokka actually is worth the trip. The service at Hokka Hokka was better! Maybe because it was a slow night, or maybe because they know they need to compete, but we were offered a free appetizer of mussel stew, which was delish and had just the right amount of spice to it. I tried the dragon roll here again and also salmon make ( I am predictable with my fishys) but we also got a scallop roll, shrimp tempura, and a crunchy tuna roll. Everything was good-Osaka's dragon roll is better, but Hokka Hokka's salmon roll was better, so like I said, they both win. I would definitely go back to Hokka Hokka. They have a lot of imagination with their rolls, which means more opportunity to break my predictability.
Hokka Hokka beats Osaka in my book.  I actually like the open restaurant layout.  Their decor is really nice, and it's clean, and smells like a sushi restaurant (see my review on Osaka).  

The server was very friendly and knowledgeable on the different sakes.  Service was prompt and efficient.  Sushi is never cheap, so we expected to pay a lot, since we also ordered a lot.

The sushi was rolled perfectly, not too much rice and lots of goodness inside.  My husband's sashimi was fresh and cleanly cut.  Everything was delicious.

We also order from them regularly for take out.  They are great about ordering in advance.  I can order earlier in the day and ask them to have it ready by a certain time so it's fresh when I pick it up.  Great all around.
Talk about a disappointing dining experience. We recently dined at Hokka Hokka and we couldn't have been less impressed with the quality of service, cleanliness of the restaurant and professionalism of the staff. 

Our waiter that evening was less than attentive - at one point disappearing to the back room for 20 minutes to do god knows what. When our food arrived, items were missing and when we attempted to find our waiter . . . you guessed it, he had disappeared yet again. 

The quality of food was lackluster at best, especially given their price points and there are far better dining options in the Chestnut Hill area. After our meal, we informed management about the poor dining experience and their response was minimally apologetic and completely dissatisfying. 

Our recommendation? Don't waste your time or hard-earned money at an establishment which falls short on service, quality and professionalism.
Honestly, we still drive from South Philadelphia for this sushi. Best sushi place outside of NYC. I'm never disappointed. Great cocktails. Great service. Great speciality roll selection. Try the chestnut hill! My favorite.
We eat here a lot- did I mention a lot?? And we like it very much. The staff is incredibly helpful and polite and not overbearing. Your water glass is low- suddenly it's filled and you didn't even notice! That's the way I like my wait staff. And the selection is large, fresh and yummy. I crave the Hokka soup with soft pieces of shrimp and crunchy sliced snow peas. My other half enjoys the sweet potato rolls to no end. Salads are huge (we joke and say it's the unending bowl of lettuce). There is an amazing fried tofu appetizer- lightly fried, tangy dark sauce. The atmosphere is comfortable but warm ( I like the touches of candles on the table, fireplace). Just added a full bar and gave ot free samples of saki. How can you beat that? This place works hard to provide excellent and fresh food and service without you feeling like they are working hard. Love it. Go there. Relax.
When Hokka Hokka opened, I stopped going to Osaka. 

Delicious, fresh sushi, casual atmosphere and solid, friendly service.  Particularly faves:  

*house salad with ginger dressing (huge salad of fresh mixed greens)
*shrimp shumai 
* sweet potato tempura roll (unusual, and delicious)
Better prices, worse service than its Chestnut Hill rival, Osaka.  The food is just as good, the sushi is very fresh.  I love the unique items on their menu, in particular the avocado tempura.
Good portions and tasty rolls. Having just moved to the area from Brooklyn, I was surprised by the price points for simple rolls, but will return. We made a Saturday evening take out order and it was ready quickly. 4 stars for high prices, but good Japanese/sushi.
Ohhhhhhh the negimaki changed the rotation of my universe. It was PERFECTION. Like I purposely chewed each roll at least 32 times just to savor the flavorful tenderness of that steak. Divine.

I also treated myself to Chestnut Hill and Sunday Morning rolls and they were also delectably fresh, crisp and flavorful. Takeout sushi is a bit of a new thing for me so pardon me if I'm still impressed with the commitment to presentation. I've always loved this spot--it's still quite intimate but large enough to come with a few friends, and the service is always impeccable.
I wish I could give zero stars. Below is an email I wrote to the owner, to which no response was given. Never again.

Hello,
I am writing to inform you of the experience that my fiancé and I had last night dining at Hokka. 
I made a reservation over a month ago for my fiancé's 30th birthday on the recommendation of a colleague. He wanted to have a sushi boat, and your restaurant is one of the few that offers one in the area, so we were excited. When we arrived, the hostess did not acknowledge us. She proceeded to answer the phone and talk while we stood there awkwardly for about 3 minutes. She then grabbed menus and walked away, expecting us to follow her, without acknowledging our reservation. This was disappointing as this was a special day. When I made the reservation, I informed the person that this was a special birthday.
About 10 minutes into the night, a man came in and sat two tables behind us. He was being loud and belligerent on the phone. After we ordered, he proceeded to vomit on the floor several times. The staff went to his aid and cleaned up, but no one ever came over to us to ask if we wanted to move, re-seat us somewhere, or apologize. My appetite was ruined at this point, but I tried to salvage the evening for my fiancé's sake, and I had seen the sushi boat being prepared and felt bad about wanting to leave.
We got up and moved to the sushi bar, where we then waited a long time for the sushi boat, that I had previously seen being prepared. When our waitress finally brought it over, the sushi was not cold. All of the cuts were lukewarm, like it had been sitting out for a while. For $75, this was not at all worth it and unappetizing, as I wondered whether our server had washed up after tending to vomit. 
After the vomiting incident, the man returned and sat back down, and apparently ordered something! I could hear him back there apologizing over and over again for the incident, which just further ruined my meal. We ate the food, but I left feeling nauseated and angry that I had spent $108 on mediocre sushi and was underwhelmed with the way we were treated.
I normally do not write to owners; I just do Yelp reviews. But, I think that this situation deserves a letter to the owner. I am sure that this is not how you want your customers to be treated, or your restaurant to be run. I believe that given the situation, we should have been compensated for the inconvenience, i.e. a round of drinks, an appetizer, maybe a discount on our meal or a dessert (it was a birthday). Instead, we were basically ignored. I still feel ill today, and I believe that based on this experience and the lack of compensation from the staff, that I should be given a refund from last night. 
Please let me know if this is possible. I look forward to your response.

SO...there you have it. I know it was a stretch asking for a refund. But I thought this would at least prompt SOME kind of response. It didn't. Also, the menus were really dirty, which was a bad omen from the beginning.
Really good Japanese food at a great price and in a cozy environment!

We had their bento box lunches and they were absolutely delicious and big in portion. In particular the Beef Negimaki Teriyaki bento were sooo good. The beef is wrapped into the shape of a sushi with some vegetable and sauce inside. It was so tender and juicy. We were absolutely blown away with this dish! Our regret of the trip to Philadelphia is that we did not get a chance to return back to this restaurant to have this bento again!

The other bento was a  salmon teriyaki bento. It was equally good, a very well pan fried salmon, crispy skin and soft tender interior.

Great great Japanese restaurant. Highly recommended!
Hokka Hokka is the most comfortable sushi spot I've ever eaten in.  You feel at home.  This is due to the beautiful decor and the big fire place they have going during the winter.  More importantly, the food is delicious.  Possibly my favorite roll of all time, The Chestnut Hill Roll, has become something that I often crave.  It is a must try if you come in.  Also, this may sound weird but I had the best edamame I ever had last time I was in.  I don't know why, but it was just so soft and perfectly salted.  For dessert, they also have the best fried ice cream I've ever eaten, and I've had my fair share.  I think they put cinnamon in the batter or something, but it's amazing! 

My only issues are that the specialty sushi roll menu is a little small for my liking and for some reason my rice seems to fall off in excessive amounts when I dip it in soy sauce. Others I've dined with have not had these problem though.  Maybe I'm just an aggressive dipper.

Overall, place is great. I definitely recommend it!
I have been going to this restaurant for years now. After tonight I dont think I will return.  I ordered a large Miso soup and when i came home I saw it was half full. We went back to the restaurant to have it corrected. The bartender decided to engage in the conversation I was having with the staff saying its how they do it there and told me to calm down.  How unprofessional for a bartender to speak to me on something that did not concern him.  After speaking to another staff member he explained to me that the bartender had issues (whatever that means).  What made matters worse is that this staff member told me I was getting emotional about the issue.  I never had this type of experience at this place, but I wont let this happen again.
This review is long time coming...

Hokka Hokka (HH)is a really good restaurant. I will comment on the sushi bar as this is where I always sit.

When you first arrive at HH, there is a charming feel to it...like walking into an English cottage. As you enter HH, the vibe of cool Eastern washes over you. The colors, decor, music and vibe all come together well together.

I like sitting at the sushi bar as the owner is the primary chef. He takes great pride in making very tasty and artistic presentations. I generally ask for modified menu items and he always delivers. For example: a white tiger roll with jalapeño mixed inside and topped with bonito.

The fish here always is fresh and savory. You will be completely satisfied whether you order sashimi or nigiri. The sake sashimi and tako sashimi are my personal favorites.

There is a full cocktail bar at HH. The bartender is talented and personable. The staff is always engaging and genuine.

Parking is easy if you don't park in HH's very small lot.
On a rainy gross night, this place was utterly inviting and a great break from the rain. The service was WONDERFUL, but the fish was just so-so. My sweet potato roll was amazing, the Chestnut Hill was about adequate, but not very exciting, and the yellow tail with scallion tasted bad. And a little old. My fried bananas were mushy. I'd go here again if invited, but it isn't on my list of "must-return-to".
I love this place.  The service is excellent, they always make you feel at home.  The food is fresh and reasonsably priced.  I usually get sushi, but have had the tempura and teriyaki and thought it all very good.
My fave sushi spot in the Philly area. The Sunday Morning roll is to die for. It's deep fried and absolutely amazing. Never had a roll like it anywhere else. 
The shumai is lovely and delicate, edamame always is perfect, love the avocado tempura. We've had some of the entrees and the salmon teriyaki is pretty good. Their special rolls never disappoint. 
Service can be iffy, but we've never had a miserable server. Nice bar menu and good desserts.
We truly spent a great evening in that restaurant! I just love the cozy interior with its fireplace and everything was neat and clean. Paul was our waiter for the evening and  showed us the specials for that day on a smartphone. We definitely liked that kind of presentation and ordered two of the specials plus two rolls (the Spider and Hollywood roll) as well as a few individual sushi and sashimi. 
Okay, we have never eaten sushi at an upscale restaurant and don't have any direct comparison but truly enjoyed every bite! I believe that the menu offers very original compositions and even vegetarians can find a few tasty bites. We also loved the miso soups and the desert which was a rice cake filled with three different ice cream flavors. The service was just great: friendly and attentive at any time. I can't find anything negative about that place and we are already making plans to come back soon.
I always leave Hokka Hokka feeling as though I have been ripped off, which is really too bad since the food is actually pretty good. Last week, my husband and I went for dinner and ordered 2 rolls each (1 generic roll each and 1 special roll each [from the happy hour menu]) as well as Miso Soup and a happy hour priced salad. Our bill was $50!! Must be that Chestnut Hill up charge for existing :)   
Save your money and head to Vic where the same meal would have been half as much. 
Atmosphere is ok, can get noisy as there are usually lots of families.
The waiter, Paul, that served in this place made Hokka Hokka fabulous. Part of the reason that we continued to come was because of him. The sushi is not bad, but at times, there are inconsistencies with the taste. It seems to all depend on who the chef might be. I gave it three stars because of the service that we get (five), the atmosphere (three), and the food (two).
I'll keep this one simple. In this part of town there are really only two options for good sushi. I've been switching between Hokka Hokka and Osaka for the last 15 years or so, they both may have even been around longer, but the auld memory isn't what it uses to be.

So the eternal question has always been which one is better. I would say it's pretty much tied when it comes to quality and freshness. But for the last few months Hokka Hokka is on top and for one simple reason. Uni (sea urchin), is my favorite. When I'm thinking ahead, I'll sometimes call first to make sure which one of the two has Uni and that's where I'll go. A matter of fact, that's kind of my litmus test for Sushi joints. If they have Uni, I'm in, if not, stay away. Uni has a very short shelf life, and if a sushi joint doesn't usually stock it, then that tells me enough. But I digress, as usual. Hokka Hokka has done a great job of giving me my fix of Uni over the last several months, whereas Osaka either doesn't "have it today" or they've been stocking some Uni from Japan that literally costs twice as much.

With all that said; my vote for best sushi in Northwest Philadelphia goes to......Hokka Hokka.
My wife and I have tried them all, and we're convinced that Hokka Hokka is the best sushi in the Philadelphia area. Incredibly consistent and fresh food, with the best servers around--especially the amazing and hilarious Paul, who's pretty much an institution there. We regularly drive out from Center City just to eat their Spicy Love roll, which is far and away the best roll either of us have ever had (and we've lived in NYC and LA for years). Can't say enough good things... hope Hokka Hokka is around forever!
ok so .. your sushi is ok.. it was actually very tasty, and fresh but poorly made.. I mean why was it falling apart when I picked it up ? theres no reason for that .. that bothers me more than anaything..

also had the shrimp shumai.. it was not bad.. it just had absolutely NO flavor.. and that weird super sweet dipping sauce didn't cut it for me.. had to scratch that and use soy sauce just to get some flavor.

Everything was cheap.. with 4 rolls, 1 drink, and the shumai it only came up to 36$... but I've had better quality for less 

The service was great though, and the decor and layout was nice.. it seemed like a nice quiet place to go with family or a date but still be super chill and casual..
Clean and nice decor.  Friendly service and sushi chefs.  Scallop rolls that I have never seen before are really good.  My wife loves the sashimi salad.  I used to live right around the corner and have now moved about two miles away.  I still go to Hokka as my only sushi store despite needing to drive and no real parking lot.
The place was nice enough.  Almost entirely empty, fireplace, nice ambiance, nice service.

As for the food, I am a vegetarian.  When I go to a sushi place, I want options.  I know this is possible because I've seen them, eaten them, and loved them (*cough* Vic's *cough*).  I would like more than:
avocado roll
cucumber roll
sweet potato roll
and the always enticing, "mixed vegetable roll" with no explanation

It's kind of bullshit but it's pretty common in meh sushi restaurants.  As it turns out, most sushi restaurants are meh and Hokka was no exception.  A great list of exciting specialty rolls but not a single one that's vegetarian.  Shame.

So I ordered the mixed vegetable teriyaki.  I guess they replaced the tofu option that I had seen online.

It was as you'd expect: boring.  A pile of vegetables (broccoli, carrots, asparagus, peppers) in teriyaki next to a scoop of rice.

I guess I can say that I was disappointed but not surprised.
My boyfriend and I went here to celebrate our anniversary and were very happy with our decision! The atmosphere is very relaxed and comfortable. Although we were dressed up, there were people wearing t-shirts and shorts and both types of dress were equally welcome. The service was phenomenal, definitely one of the best waitresses I have ever had.

We shared the fried oyster appetizer and it was absolutely delicious-perfectly cooked and full of flavor. We ordered the lobster roll, shrimp California roll, and teriyaki chicken to share as well. The lobster roll was one of the best meals I have ever eaten. It was a perfect combination of flavors, especially with the lobster salad on top. The California roll was excellent as well and really satisfied my craving for sushi. The teriyaki chicken was well cooked and the sauce was delicious. We ordered more food than we thought we could eat with the intention of bringing home leftovers, but everything was so good that we practically kicked our plates clean. We finished off the meal with Oreo mousse cake that was even better than it sounds. We also ordered hot saki with our meal. Normally I don't particularly like saki, but this was so good that we ordered another one.

This was one of the best dining experiences I have had from start to finish. I will definitely be returning at every available opportunity!
Hokka Hokka is a perfect place for an impromptu meal, quick date, and cheap dinner. However, I would not suggest it to be a romantic evening stop, or a fine sushi experience.

With its competitor, Osaka, right up the hill, I believe that Hokka Hokka is viewed more as a backup plan than a desired destination for dinner. While the menu does not contain any special or exotic roll, I always seem to leave desiring something more. It's up to the manager and sushi chefs to have specials to keep people coming back. 

While the fish isn't as fresh as it once was, I feel the restaurant has gone downhill the past few years, which is never a good site to see. However, I recommend this to young people who like sushi, but don't want to pay the sushi price.

They do provide decent sushi for a lower price than most other formal sushi restaurants. A few years ago Hokka Hokka was a 4 star establishment, but they can't keep running on the same 6 rolls. They need to impress me with something new and interesting.
Never disappoints. Hokka Hokka keeps getting better. Great specials and nice variety on the menu. Waitstaff is awesome. This is our go to spot in CH.
well, i was VERY impressed the two times i went.  teble service once and sushi bar the second trip. 

the sushi is very good quality & fresh.  the menu was varied, which i really liked. not the "usual" run of the mill japanese.  loved it - in fact i'll be going back tomorrow evening.  ENJOY
Descriptive positive statements can't begin to describe the excellence of Hokka Hokka.  Every visit to this spot ends with total satisfaction and delight.
Decor: simple yet classy and tasteful.
Food: authentic, fresh and well prepared.  Their special rolls are incredible.  The sushi chefs perfect their craft and provide innovative and tasty items that are always leaving me wishing I had one more piece when the meal has completed. 
I continue to go here time and time again because of their service, quality and attention to detail and consistent amazement at the skill and abilities of their team.
Great sushi and fairly priced.  I thought the service and atmosphere was very nice.  We just moved to the area and haven't tried Osaka yet (which I've been told is better but more expensive) but we were definitely happy with Hokka.
The staff were nice, but the food really isn't as good as Osaka up the street.  

We went on a weekend night and it was empty.
Totally decent and well priced. Service was a bit slow. Cocktails were weak.
We have made it a tradition to go here every Valentines Day! I must say this is probably one of the freshest sushi places I have been to. They offer everything from sushi, sashimi, noodle bowls to crazy sushi rolls. Most recently we were blown away with the lobster sushi roll so good! Lightly fried wrap topped with lobster. This is a must try. They also offer cocktails, wine and beer. They have a happy hour Monday to Friday 5-7 but does not include holidays. This is a cute quaint place to go to for sushi especially in the winter when they have the fireplace going.
It's a nice casual place in the neighborhood for me to get good sushi at a fair price. Never had a bad experience here. Their service is good and they have a nice selection of special rolls as well as standard. Everything tasted fresh. I like that their standard rolls aren't overpriced for their location (Chestnut Hill). I also enjoyed their fried oyster.
best sushi hands down in the greater Philadelphia area! Their happy hour is great too! Favorite spot
I live fairly close to Hokka Hokka and each time I got I'm pleasantly surprised by something they've added to their menu. I'm an avid sushi lover, but am a bit particular as I am always on the lookout for fresh, cost friendly sushi. HH fits both of these criteria.

The menu at HH is expansive, including many typical delicious foods:  Sushi, speciality rolls, udon, teriyaki, etc. Their No Name roll is awesome. Spicy, fresh, and beautifully crafted.

The hidden gem of HH is their speciality cocktail menu. They have a handful of carefully crafted delicious cocktails. I'm a fan of their saketini. It's delicious.

The staff at HH is friendly, atmosphere nice, and (most importantly) they have great Happy Hour specials!
Well-run Japanese restaurant that consistently draws us back.  Nice setting, great rolls (love the Spider - my favorite!), decent prices and efficient, pleasant service so you can enjoy your meal but not feel rushed. Reasonable beer and wine list.  Just tried them for take-out, and got a feast for 2 for under $40.  Draws families, dates and groups of friends. Overall a nice vibe and good food.
Came here for a quick bite, so only got to try a couple of things but enjoyed the experience just the same.  We shared a Rainbow Roll, Chestnut Hill Roll (as per James S's recommendation), and a plate of Teriyaki Chicken. The rolls were delicious, if not prone to disintegration as noted by Nicey J. I'm usually not a fan of Teriyaki anything, but this one was pretty good. 

A lot of places load you up on rice and skimp on meat, which Hokka Hokka did not do. Instead, they provided only an ice-cream scoop sized ball of rice.  I'm not deducting anything for that since I'm sure they would have given us more rice if we'd asked, but we were a little pressed for time.

Although the atmosphere is much more casual at Hokka Hokka and food prep lacking, I found the sushi was much more flavorful than at Osaka, and the service more genuine. I'll probably come back for their happy hour.
Great sushi!  Very chic and casual inside.  They seem to have traditional menu items, but also some different, really creative things as well.  I've always had a great meal here.
Meh. the place is a medium sized establishment with a tight parking lot however street parking is available. Service was interesting, apparently they have a 'japanese' greeting of yelling a phrase at you when you walk in the door and it is a japanese custom too. I am not familiar with that and was a bit uncomfortable. The soda was diluted and flat and for 2 bucks I would like that back. I ordered the California Roll and the Spicy Tuna roll and to my disappoint I had to Hokka Hokka loogie. I didn't want to waste food so I dealt with the nausea. I also shared the tempura and teriyaki with friends which was better than the sushi. This place must not be known for sushi. 

The waiter was interesting, he was a bit too energetic and had a 'fake' presentation. He was trying a bit too hard to appear friendly. 

I would come back only for the teriyaki not the sushi.
Today, I stopped by Hokka Hokka for my sushi fix during lunch hour. I ordered the Chirashi bowl from their lunch special menu. Now, I've been here before for the same meal and I was pleasantly surprised previously. 13 bucks for a Chirashi bowl seemed pretty reasonable because there was a substantial amount of decent sushi. TODAY however, I was so, SO disappointed. As I opened my to-go container, I was so sad to find a ton a rice, sprinked with very meager portions of PAPER THIN sushi cuts. I still can't believe I paid almost fifteen dollars for this... I could have gotten double the amount and quality at Wegman's. Grand disappointment, Hokka Hokka.
I went to Hokka Hokka twice recently. Both times, the food was good. The miso soup was tasty, and the first time I had the Philly roll (smoke salmon and cream cheese- $6.50) and a shrimp tempura roll ($7.50). The Philly roll was on the small side. The shrimp tempura pieces were larger, but you only get four in a roll (whereas the Philly roll comes with 6). Regardless, both of the rolls were on par with most sushi I have had and I definitely don't have any complaints about the taste. 

The second time I went, the food was equally good. I got the sweet potato tempura roll, which was flavorful and had a good consistency (it came with 6 pieces that were roughly the same size as the Philly roll- $6). I also got the Chestnut Hill roll (tuna, tempura crunch, spicy sauce, avocado). I was a big fan of the later. The tuna and the avocado made the roll creamy, yet it was not too creamy because the tempura gave it a nice contrasting crunch. It was also bigger than the other rolls I have ordered, but it was more expensive ($12).

I also got the mochi for desert ($4?). Mochi is ice cream wrapped in some sort of thin rice patty, and it was tasty and had an interesting texture- the rice patty gave it a slightly chewy consistency, which was pleasant. You get six pieces of mochi- 2 green tea, 2 red bean, and 2 vanilla. All of them are good. By the way, the hot saki is excellent. It has a slightly sweet taste and doesn't have an overly strong alcohol taste (some saki I have had at other places has tasted like rubbing alcohol). 

I only have two complaints about the place- the second time we went the service was pretty slow. We got a seat immediately, but it took about 30-40 minutes to receive our food. Also, my sweet potato roll was relatively cold. I realize that sushi generally isn't hot, but I like it when my tempura is at least warm. But, as already stated, it was still good. The first time we went, the service was much faster, so the slow service the second time was probably just because they were busy (we went at 7pm on a Friday). 

My second complaint is that the second time I went, I was still hungry after leaving. This might have something to do with the fact that I hadn't eaten all day prior to going to Hokka Hokka. But, as I and others have stated, the portions can be kind of small. 

Pros:
-Good food
-Nice servers 
-Price of sushi is average
-nice ambiance 
-Hot saki is good

Cons:
-Service can be slow when it is busy
-Some of the rolls are small
I went here with my family last night and enjoyed some good sushi and a delicious scallop appetizer! This is one of our go-to Japanese places for the fresh food, reasonable prices, and pleasant ambience. The aesthetic is a classy twist on casual, and makes for both a fun experience of going out to eat and a relaxing dinner. 

The house salad with a ginger dressing and avocado is a perfect, light and healthy-- yet flavorful-- way to start the meal. The miso soup is also very good. We usually go for the grilled scallop appetizer; the peanut sauce is great. The sushi is good too -- I'm not much of a seafood person, but my mom loves the Hollywood Roll and Spicy Love. 

The service is attentive, and the waitress was prompt and happy to answer questions about the menu.
Of the two excellent neighborhood Japanese restaurants in the area (the other being the also really good Osaka up the hill), this is my favorite. The service is always friendly, the food fresh and excellent and the space is bright and inviting. Sure, you'll find better food at a super-fancy place downtown, but this is as good as it gets for neighborhood sushi. 

I especially like going on a winter night and enjoying the fireplace in the center of the room.
The establishment is very nice and the atmosphere but the menu is lacking. Good service but when its all said and done it comes down to the menu and there's just not enough options.
I've been going to this restaurant for years and have always had impeccable service, food and experiences. Tonight was such a horrendous encounter that I'm not sure if i'll ever go back.

I made reservations for Mother's day dinner as my mom specifically requested we go to a Japanese restaurant for sushi. Upon my family's arrival the manager (or possibly the owner) informed me that the hostess I had spoken to the night before did not write down our reservations and that she was not going to honor it. She then had the audacity to request to see my cell phone log to verify that I had in fact called to make reservations. After going back and forth with her for 5-7 minutes she threw us at a corner table.

When the waiter arrived he seemed confused to see our bottle of wine. I informed him that when I made the reservations the hostess told us to bring a bottle of wine as the restaurant was BYOB Sunday's and Monday's. He then replied that excluded holidays. At this point we simply had to laugh. Aside from the disorganization (and overpriced menu options) the only saving grace was the food. The food is consistent.
I  got takeout and spent over $90 worth of food here and only a quarter of it was edible. The only thing good here is the sushi as the sushi is pretty fresh.  All of the cooked foods were all overcooked, burnt and had no flavor. The food here is very overpriced for what you get. You can get better food elsewhere for less.

Avocado tempura app  - Too mushy and had no flavor. Could not eat it.  I love avocado I salads and sushi, but fried it tastes completely different.

Grilled scallops app - 3 scallops, all overcooked, and two of them had a little sand in them.  Disgusting.

Shrimp tempura dinner - 4 small pieces of shrimp and 4 pieces of sweet potato.  The tempura was not crunchy and it was soggy.  The portion was small and not worth it.

Filet mignon teriyaki dinner - I asked for medium and my steak was burnt on the outside and overcooked in the middle. (see photo).  I can't believe I paid $22 for this and can barely eat it.  Small portion as well.

Smoked salmon sushi - fresh 

California roll - tasted good to me and fresh. Who can screw that up?

I would NOT recommend this place whatsoever, unless you're coming here just for the sushi.
I really had a good meal here.  I had the scallops and the Filet mignon very good and very cheep.  the staff made the night very special.
Have been living nearby for more than two months, and finally stopped in for the first time tonight. Alas, the first time will probably be the last.

A first thing: Beef Gyoza? Who does that? I am a huge gyoza fan, but am not a beef eater. Gyoza, in my experience, is almost always pork. [And, if you're trying to keep pork off the menu for those who do not so imbibe, why not chicken? Or veggie?]

I ordered, or at least attempted to order, the Spicy Chicken Wraps, but was told they were out. So, I instead ordered the Grilled Scallops, which, per the menu, are, "Served over mixed greens with sesame dressing and teriyaki sauce."  But, there was nary a mixed green in sight, though the scallops were served in some odd-tasting green sauce. I did not realize it at the time, but, in retrospect, I think I was brought the wrong dish. [There was a scallop dish of some sort on the specials menu; I think that is what I was brought. But, considering they brought my husband a glass of white wine when he ordered a Diet Coke, I guess this should not surprise me.] 

We also ate some miso soup, sushi (tempura shrimp and California rolls), and shumai. All were ok, but nothing outstanding. And, the food was not worth the price charged. [$10 for three pieces of the fore-mentioned scallops?] Service was not unfriendly, per se, but was a tad scattered and aloof. 

Glad(?) we gave our neighborhood Japanese place a try; sad it left much to be desired.
There are options for sushi in Chestnut Hill, but this might as well only be the only sushi bar in town.  I'm always comfortable at Hokka Hokka, and the food has never disappointed.  

The fish is consistent. I think I prefer the tamago and the agedashi tofu served at HH to the offerings of other Japanese restaurants in the area (although my fiancee and sushi senpai finds the tamago a bit on the sweet side).  Acquired taste or no, I get the seaweed salad every time I go.
Definitely cute, romantic and a warm date night vibe. I waited to come to this little spot before reviewing it. After my third trip I came to a conclusion. The quality of the maki rolls could be a lot fresher. The drinks at the bar are also made extremely lazy.. a college freshman could mix a martini the way the bar at Hokka Hokka does. Not worth your money. However, this place slides by with mediocre sushi by having dimmed lights, candles, and a very American staff. Drinks suck, Miso soup made with far too much water, Dumplings are usually a bit cold and the maki rolls... not too fresh.
Sushi 5star (excellent)
Service 4star 
Bathroom 4star 
Overall experience 5star 
Sushi very special. Rolls and sashimi 
5star one of best Japanese restaurant in Philadelphia. 
Thank you for great dinner.
Hokka Hokka has some great sushi and sashimi. Everything is super fresh and delicious. My husband and I did our rehearsal dinner there in July and did a great job. We aren't from the area and found the restaurant on a whim. We loved it so much, we asked the manager if they could do a 20 party rehearsal dinner. They were very responsive to e-mail and phone calls.

On the day of the rehearsal dinner, they did an amazing job. They had everything we had asked for and were able to accommodate a variety of dietary needs. We had such great service and everyone loved their food.  A lot of friends offered cooked options as well and loved the food. The cocktails were also great. Overall: great food, great service and great drinks. A must go to place!
I was not very satisfied with the food here. The portions were extremely small. I order two orders of spring rolls, chicken teriyaki, spicy tuna crunch rolls. It cost 57 dollars. The portions were very small. The food taste was mostly fine. It was just very little for such a huge cost.
Great sushi at an affordable cost! King Kong roll is a must have!! Best sushi I've had in Philadelphia!
Had such a pleasant experience here. They have lots of vegetarian and vegan options, which means I'm not just stuck with a cucumber roll and miso soup. I actually did get miso soup, along with edamame, veggie spring rolls, and the Veggie Special roll (mango,avocado, cucumber). All the food was excellent. Excited to try their new vegetable fried soba noodles next time!
I love Hokka Hokka's sushi, they get the flavours and combinations so right! The spicy tuna is great but the chestnut hill roll and the spicy crab roll are to die for. I've had sushi all over the world and this is some of the best. I will say however the portions just aren't quite filling enough. I hope they can work on increasing the portions in future - because then I'd eat here everyday.
OK, I'm deliberately not looking at my friend's review before I write mine...since we usually go there together.  I absolutely love Hokka Hokka's sushi. My favorite is the rainbow roll.  Not out there for sure, but I'm trying allright?  My friend converted me to be an edamame lover and it's a great pre-dinner snack.  I love the BYOB aspect...for a few days a week...I hope they keep it!
Sushi was amazing, The girl with red hair was very sweet. Definitely would come again!
Delicious and amazing! Highly recommended! Get the sushi boat with family or a group of friends!
We tried this place for the first time on Sunday night of Presidents Day weekend and had a great time! It wasn't very busy when we first showed up but it really got packed by the time we were waiting for our entrees. It's more spacious inside than the parking lot lends you to think it would be (I still to this day have no idea how cars navigate this parking lot situation). We got 5 rolls total- Chestnut Hill, Spicy Tuna, California, Philly and one more special with Asparagus and all we're incredible and spicier than we'd imagined but we loved it. Great to have this spot in the neighborhood
