I've given Honeygrow a few more tries since my last review, but unfortunately my review remains as is :( I was so excited for more salad options around campus, but it looks like I'll have to stick to other options. On my most recent visit, I had the persampiere (I am no longer risking creating my own salads and them missing ingredients again), but it was drenched in dressing even though I got light dressing, and trying to find the chicken (which is a main ingredient) was like a treasure hunt. I realize that you can ask for dressing on the side, but usually 'light dressing' in every other place I've gotten a salad from has been perfect. Also, for something that is on their suggested salad options, this salad was subpar - nothing I can't make at home, and the flavors were not too exciting.

While I do like the concept of ordering via the kiosk, with salads it might actually be a better option to do the down-the-line chipotle style layout so that you can make sure you see them put the right ingredients in your salad. And the calling out your order system leads to a pretty chaotic atmosphere, which is ok if you're into that, but we always opt to do take-out because we don't want to scream over our food to have a conversation.

The stirfries are on the oilier/saltier side, which has also resulted in a stomachache for an entire group of us who went out for lunch.

I really wanted to like this place, but it looks like I will be taking my business down Walnut to Sweetgreen even though it's a further walk from my office.
Spicy Garlic Strifry is always a winner for me!

I enjoy this location much better than some of the others I've try (especially Bala-Cynwyd) my order is always correct and hot!

One thing about Honey Grow locations is that they say they have curbside pick up. No one EVERS comes out when you text that you are there!! Just get out and get your food, it's worth it!
Honeygrow, more like HoneySLOW.

This is what I tweeted out of frustration after dining at this establishment. While they were very quick to respond to my tweet, the fast-casual joint is simply not fast. 

Honeygrow is an interesting concept, you do not have to speak to anyone over the course of your entire dining experience, pretty cool ordering interface. However, the actual food is overpriced and somewhat inconsistent. Your meal is delivered to you in a Chinese takeout container. This packaging choice showed clear oversight on behalf of the management, as the sauces incorporated into the stirfry allow the container to drip and deteriorate over the course of your meal. There is also never enough protein put into the stirfry, a clear effort by the management to cut costs, and not appreciated by me, the guest. They also have a cool dessert option called Honeybar, this is a 5.25 small fruit salad with a drizzle of honey served in a bowl. To explain just how small this is, it is roughly the size of a Ben and Jerry's small ice cream cup. Another large gripe I have is that the space is very awkward after you order. While there are roughly 15 other people waiting in a mob for their orders while wedged between a soda fountain and a garbage can, it makes the atmosphere remarkably unpleasant.

If I had to send another tweet, it would be "I'm going to SweetGreen instead #HoneySLOW"

In sum, this place has slow service when it is at all busy, prices that are unreasonable, and a very inhuman, capitalist feel.
I really like the salads here, but I'm so disappointed with the service. Twice, I found an ingredient missing from my salad, and I don't even come that much -- I wonder what it must've been like if I had come here more often and find food constantly missing from my salads (and thus I would've paid for more than what they were worth)... 

Just today, I ordered whole wheat noodles salad (with all the standard ingredients, including shrimp, cashews, etc.). When I got home, I found no shrimp in my salad and am really annoyed by this. I am not walking all the way back to Honeygrow to get shrimp. The whole wheat noodles salad is the most expensive salad on the menu, and I know the shrimp was worth like $3, so I feel cheated. 

I am not trusting the servers anymore -- from now on, I will always check my food to make sure they put ALL the ingredients that I asked for. It's really annoying and frustrating that Honeygrow is making so many mistakes with my orders...
I've become weirdly obsessed with honeygrow as a quick lunch option during work. 
The ordering is super convenient and easy because they have touch screen menus that you just place your order through. (Be sure to download the app for rewards!) I like honeygrow especially because you don't have to just get a salad, you can also do a stir fry which are all really delicious (I've tried several!) You can start totally from scratch and build your own salad or stir fry or you can pick a pre-made option, but also sub out ingredients from it for other things by just tapping on the ingredient and then tapping a different one. There are a ton of veggies and options to pick from, it's quite impressive.

It's just so convenient, and it's probably now my fave fast food option, although it feels weird to call it that because it's definitely on the healthier side of options you could pick for a meal. You can also order ahead through the app, and the text messaging alerts they give also let you be able to walk away (briefly!) if you need to while you're waiting. I really wouldn't wander far though because food does come out fast. 
This location in particular is great, I love how quick the service is and how they really pack your bowl, no shortage of ingredients here for sure. 
Also every time I come in, the workers are so incredibly sweet.  I'm addicted!
My coworkers and I were so excited when Honeygrow opened. We needed a change from our usual lunchtime options. Honeygrow specializes in fresh, healthy ingredients. Honeygrow operates a tiny space in University City near the University of Pennsylvania and it gets very crowded during the school year. The lines are long and then you go to the other side of the store and wait (for quite some time) before your order is ready. It is for this reason that I would stay clear of this place if I was in a hurry. You order your food on your own (similar to how Wawa is set up) I usually get the stir fry but I wish there was an option to order extra sauce (there is an option for less sauce) because there are times particularly if you create your own stir-fry that I wish I could have had more sauce.
***UPDATE 11/16/16***
I emailed management at cometogether@honeygrow.com, as requested, on 11/4/16. I have yet to hear anything back.

Original Review:
I've been attending grad school at Penn for the past few months and finally decided to give this place a chance after seeing all the undergrads around campus with Honeygrow's cute little takeout boxes. I wasn't impressed with the food and wait time, but I could have gotten past that. The customer service I experienced was extremely disappointing. 
I walked into Honeygrow with 10 minutes until my class. There was only two people ahead of me in line, so I figured it wouldn't take long. The servers and cooks behind the counter -- I counted 11 people-- were clearly all friends and so preoccupied with talking to one another, texting, running into the back room to check their phones, and generally not working that I waited a full 15 minutes before inquiring about my food. I noticed two orders had been prepared and set on the counter, waiting to be packaged up. When I very politely asked if one of them was mine, the main female employee who seemed to be responsible for running the kitchen, retorted, "I don't know your number, do I?" and walked away.  Thank you to another female employee who noticed this exchange and kindly packaged my order (which, by this time, had been sitting on the counter for 5 minutes). All in all, it took 20 minutes to receive my order. The food was lukewarm and mediocre. I don't  usually like to write Yelp reviews, but I felt I was treated rudely without reason and that's just not good customer service. I will not be returning.
I was on my way to another restaurant that was unexpectedly closed. I had limited time left on my lunch hour and just wanted something with a lot of veggies. Honeygrow was on my way back, and had a sign outside for a veggie vegan noodle dish, so this seemed like a good choice. I have eaten at the location at Newark, Delaware a couple times previously and while I was never blown away, it was always a positive experience. 

Upon entering it didn't seem that busy. It was past the usual lunch rush and most students are still away on winter break. I went straight to the register and ordered. Order was in at 1:23 PM. I stood by the wall waiting for my order. It wasn't until almost 1:50 when my order was ready. If I had known it would take that long, then I certainly would have gone elsewhere. The employee who called my name was nice and apologized for the wait. 

I hurried back to the office as my lunch break was pretty much over at that point and opened my take-out box. It was only half full. At least it was hot. It was very heavy on the sauce which made it salty. That was quite disappointing after such a long wait. With so many other lunch options in the University city area, I don't see myself hurrying back anytime soon.
This one of the newer salad+ bars in the University City area...It is a little space, always bustling with students making the average lunch wait time reaching the half hour mark.

I, however, can happily wait for even an hour for a rather pricey menu, if the food tastes good...but sadly that's not the case here...

Honey, you need to step up your quality to grow!
Extremely underwhelming.  The red coconut curry had very little flavor, especially in proportion to the spice level.  I did not enjoy my meal.  However, I have had a Honeygrow salad at another location and it was quite delicious.  Not sure if the problem today was the location or the stir-fry I chose.  Either way, I am coming away disappointed and un satisfied.
I've visited this Honeygrow several times in the past couple months, as I was very excited about a new restaurant opening in University City that is explicitly vegetarian / vegan friendly. I've been quite happy with the food, until today.  As usual, I got one of the vegan options with tofu and red curry, and headed back to the office to enjoy it with my colleagues.  Halfway through the box, I start chewing something that feels a bit funny, and pull out a big chunk of CHICKEN, in what is supposed to a be a *vegan* meal.  

I went back to explain what had happened and ask for a refund, and the team starts cooking the order again.  I explain that I don't want a redo, as I'm feeling ill from inadvertently eating meat, and the front staff fetches someone to process a refund. They then process the refund without saying a single word.

I understand that things like this happen by accident sometime, but at no point did anyone offer *any* sort of apology. If you choose to eat meat, you'll probably do well here, but if you're veg, I suggest checking your order before biting in, to avoid any nasty surprises.
Really like the decor of this place and whenever I would walk by, the place would be jammed with people - normally an indication of quality and satisfaction.

First walked in and was confused because the menu on the wall was void on prices (indicative of expense). At this point I noticed the touch screens to place my order. The ordering process was modern, trendy, and convenient (once you get used to it). 

I ordered a custom stir-fry to-go. I was not a fan of the way it was packaged. It reminded me of your standard Chinese take-out where they over stuff the container, making it hard to eat out of. That being said, the food quality was not overly greasy like your typical Chinese take-out; so there's that.
The automated ordering screens are definitely cool and allow you to easily customize. However, since they remove any human interaction the workers feel no need to be polite and so they aren't. I politely asked someone if there was wifi and they said "yeah but it ain't free and ya can't use it" and then glared at me like I was bothering them. Compared to sweet green up the street the customer service is night and day. Sweet green also has better salads so I always prefer going there.
Both the salad and the honey bars are pretty good. The ingredients are fresh, nutritious and delicious. The green goodness sauce in the salad is also great. Anyway, if there is no long line, it would be a good place to dine~
I've been eagerly awaiting the opening of this Honeygrow ever since Zagat featured it's debut. It was crowded and hectic.  One staff person had to shout out ticket numbers among impatient diners and background music.  I bet she's hoarse at the end of the day - has to be a better way of voice amplification.   I mistakenly thought I heard my number twice and maneuvered through erect bodies to the counter only to be told, "Not yet!".  I could hardly hear.  :(  Anyway, I decided to try the egg white noodles stir fry knowing darn well that the yolk is the richest and best part of the egg and to leave such a luxurious food item out is to deny the complexity and flexibility of a natural gift.  The noodles were quite rubbery.  The sesame garlic sauce was yummy albeit watery.  So, I'll try again but with a different noodle.  I like the idea of manifest destiny in the form of create your own stir fry but not with characterless noodles.  :)
This is my third or fourth different honeygrow location and this is a good one! Now, I made the personal mistake of coming here at 12:00pm noon on the first day of classes at Penn, but even with the incredible amount of people in line, it still only took about 10 minutes for my food once I ordered. The more annoying piece was the wait of about 10-15 minutes to place my order. I will definitely be taking advantage of mobile ordering for this location in the future.

The staff were all really nice, from the greeter managing the line to the few that I asked questions to, and to the staff member calling out orders. I can imagine that it was hectic and frustrating that 50 college kids were taking forever to come up and retrieve their orders, but she was still very charming and pleasant!

I ordered a build-your-own stir fry with the whole grain noodles, spicy garlic sauce, chicken, jalapeños, sesame seeds, and red pepper flakes. I thoroughly enjoyed  this combination, as I have a few different times at other locations.

I'll be back, but will either pre-order, or come at a more strategic time.
IF ONLY, there were a little sign outside the door that would provide an approximate wait time for stir-fries vs salads. The wait is painful sometimes! And since they take online orders the number of people in the store is not a good metric to use. Time is valuable- time is money.

I decided to go in today at 11:10 to beat the rush. Order was placed at 11:14 and was not called until 11:35. I think few people on this campus have 20 mins to waste sitting around in the lobby of honey grow.
I'm a big fan of honeygrow - but I don't come to this location a ton (I work closer to the Market East one).

The menu is has a great mix of stir fry options and innovative salad options. On my most recent visit, I got the Make it Grain bowl, and made some adjustments (swapping the wheatberries for some homemade noodles, adding some chicken) and all around, I loved it.

The honey ginger vinaigrette was fantastic, and the mix of salad/noodles/veggies was perfect.
I had my first experience this past weekend at the Honeygrow at University City and was extremely pleased with both the service and the quality of the food. When you walk in, you place your order on a screen. I chose one of Honeygrow's predesigned salad bowls. What's great about ordering from a computer screen is that you can customize your order (I swapped out chicken in my salad for tofu.) What's bad about ordering from a computer is that things can be lost in translation. Instead of substituting tofu for chicken, the computer thought I wanted both tofu and chicken... hence when I went to pick up my order, it was wrong. 

Cue EXCELLENT customer service. I told them about my mistake (I assumed once I chose tofu for my protein I was no longer getting chicken) and they couldn't have been nicer. They made me a new salad free of charge and gave the mistake salad to my boyfriend who was thrilled. I am sure people probably make order mistakes all the time, but to be honest, the service I received completely made up for the confusing computer error. Honeygrow, you ROCK!
Update: cost cutting is real. Smaller portions now in a cardboard bowl that soaks up the sauce. No option in the menu for extra sauce other.. only less, regular, none, or on the side.


Super convenient place to grab food.  It's one of my go-to spots when I'm crunched for time and I like to think that it's relatively healthy. You order yourself on the touch screens.  You can customize your own stir fry, or you can chose what's pre-selected.  I do not know how the salad and honey bar options operate.  I would like to see more.. "exotic" fruits at the honey bar. They have the standard apples, grapes, etc. but I think what they are charging is a bit steep for a few chicks those fruits so I never tried it. I'd like to see stuff like kiwi, dragonfruit, cactus pears, etc.  

The beef and chicken protein have always been solid.  Tofu on the other hand, are sometimes burnt.    I recommend the 5 spice sauce or the garlic sauce. I haven't had the other ones.  The former has a slight kick. The latter is mild.

Between the egg noodles and whole wheat, I honestly cannot taste the difference between the two (sauce in stir fry is very flavorful), so I get the "healthier" whole wheat.  I put this in quotes because I'm sure one day "studies will find that" whole wheat is more deadly. You know the cyclic health phases society goes through.


Moral of story: yay for University City Honeygrow.
This place is so slow! For something in the hustle bustle of ucity - you'd think they would put some pep in their step. I came at an odd time and it still took near 25 minutes to get my noodle. To add insult to injury - I've been here before when I first moved to penn and wasn't impressed- despite that I thought "why not give it another chance?" Mehhhhhhhhhh. Fool me twice. The food isn't good and the service moves at a snails pace - there's just no redeeming quality. I wouldn't recommend.
5 stars because I have a verrrry specific Honeygrow salad order that I am obsessed with. I've decided to share my secret salad combo with the world. It's not the cheapest place ever but when I wanna splurge, I'll come to honeygrow for a $9-10 salad. I'll usually get the spinach and spring mix (sometimes I'll add noodles, which cost a little extra, on payday), with grilled chicken, sweet potatoes, brussel sprouts, and squash medley, sesame sticks, and the honey ginger scallion vinaigrette on the side. Most of the time, my salad comes out perfect and in a timely manner (love the kiosks). Only once did my sweet potatoes come undercooked.

Pro tip: don't go at regular meal times (12pm, 6-7pm, etc) if you don't wanna wait forever. Penn kids swarm this place like crazy, especially since its in a prime location (I can say this as a former Penn student, we take up a lot of space)
I love going to Honeygrow - they have great salads that are made fresh while you wait. There noodles dishes are also yummy. I've not had any of there shakes so can't comment on those. I like that they have a menu with set suggestions on both their salad and noodle dishes, while allowing you to personalize your order. If you go for the first time, here are s few tips... Lunch time is very busy, you place your order at the computer and pay there too. Please decide on your order before going to the computer!! Enjoy!
Overall okay in a pinch. 

I tried a couple of their salads. They use fresh ingredients. I think they are overpriced.  The stir fry doesn't taste that great. It kind of tastes like healthy Americanized Chinese food. Portion control police are always on duty to at this place. You won't get a shred extra of lettuce.

They get you with substitutions too. We tried the caravan salad (I think that's what it is called) but had to substitute out nuts for sesame sticks because of my husbands allergy. Not only did we get charged extra for the substitution but we found some inadvertent nuts in the salad! 

Ordering is pretty awesome. Just tap the screen and order what you want. The staff was okay. Some of the staff was super friendly whereas several of the workers acted like complete stick in the muds. 

Not my favorite. I think it's over priced. I prefer sweet green up the street but I do have to admit its location is convenient.
Honeygrow has changed...When they first opened, the portion was big- noodles would almost flow out of the box. Now when you order the same thing, half of the box is empty. Plus, the toppings came in such tiny portion that you can literally count the number of veggie pieces you get. SOOO overpriced. SOOO crowded. LONG wait..
Walking in, I was very impressed by their layout and method of ordering. Seemed very user-friendly. We could explore our options ourselves and take our time at each kiosk. 

Unfortunately, their credit card machines weren't working, so we had to pay at the cashier. Which was fine, but that gave us a chance to interact with the cashier who was rude and very short with us. She couldn't offer me change for my large bill even though they had opened for an hour already. And she responded with, "I can't take that. We LITERALLY just opened." Ok rude. 

We got the sesame garlic and roasted tomato miso kale salad. Sesame garlic was too salty - surprising for seeming to be a health-centered restaurant. Salad was as expected, though we added some roasted Brussels and maybe saw 5 Brussels leaves in the salad. Only .45 but how unsatisfying. The food was a bit over-priced for the size and their soda machine was also out of service - sorry not going to pay even more for your overly priced green juice. 

The food was good and design looked so modern, but man hire people with some customer service skills. The cashier couldn't even handle a 20 second interaction. Overall, not satisfied with our experience here.
I came here wanting and expecting to like Honeygrow and to make it my new go to place, but was really disappointed with my stir fry. I got the Lemon Miso Tahini stir fry, but I tasted no lemon, miso, or tahini flavor in the sauce - it kind of just reminded me of a very bland, greasy cream sauce. In addition, there was barely any mushrooms or chicken in it :(. I ended up only really being able to eat the few chicken pieces after dunking it in sriracha sauce. Also, for the price, my box was probably only filled around 2/3 of the way full. I want to try some of the other flavors and see if they are better but was really put off by this first experience.
First visit at honeygrow and I really enjoyed the experience! The restaurant is very trendy and the touchscreen ordering is cool! I ordered the spicy garlic stir fly and replaced the red onions with mushrooms. I honestly didn't expect the noodles to be as spicy as it did, but I can't complain. Sister has ordered the red coconut curry and said it was a bit on the bland side. Service was okay, hope to come back to try something mild.
Brooo their portions have significantly been reduced. I used to share a takeout stir fry but now its in a tiny bowl no joke. Also this location usually NEVER disappointed. But the past two times I've been, they gave the most rubbery and cold noodles EVER. I had to chew each bite for a good twenty mins????? y tho????? Anyways, it's super sad you can't get "extra sauce" anymore because I always relished in that option. I'm starting a hashtag; #bringbackextrasauce. 
Also they only put like three broccoli and like four mushrooms and maybe like 5 jalapeño pieces in my bowl???? Honeygrow, what are you doing? I have been super super duper disappointed with Honeygrow especially this location and University City one. I think they need to re-evaluate their standards and bring better food quality. What happened here? 
Wait can I go back to the portion rant???? It usually took me like an hour to finish their takeout box portion before and now it took me like 10 mins to finish the new bowl portion. And no I wasn't HUNGRIER today. This is an issue, humph. They really need to bring back the takeout boxes. Maybe uneed to make a hashtag for that too??????
I love honeygrow! I could probably eat lunch here everyday if I wasn't a broke grad student. Oh wait. I eat here all the time anyway.

Very automated ordering setup: you choose what you want and customize your order on a touch screen. I recommend adding an egg to any of the pre-made stir-fries.
Got this two more times with two other sauces - the sesame garlic and the red coconut curry. They were both really good! (much better than the miso tahini, more flavor and lighter)
Wow.. how can they get this so wrong.. I online ordered a red curry stir fry with rice noodles. The food was ready for pickup at said time and hot. That's about all that can be said about the experience. Upon opening the takeout box, I quickly realized what I was in for. No red curry. No sauce of any kind. No flavor at all. Just a blah of dry rice noodles with charred toppings. If you are looking for a common Thai red curry dish with creamy sauce, steer clear of this dish... My bad luck did not stop there if this is just a bland dish. As I chew into the noodles, there were charred bits of unknown sources, most likely from uncleaned grill. That's just gross. I don't understand how a company that spends so much money on its store image does not pay attention to its flavoring and quality control. The food is not healthy as they marketed it to be. You can get better flavor profile from Trader Joe's frozen entrees. I am usually generous with reviews and understanding as a customer, but I'm offended by how unprofessional this dish was prepared..
Look up overrated in the dictionary - you might find honeygrow. They have a near monopoly on the Penn undergrad market as the only food provider after certain hours. Food is alright but the prices are on the high side and the waits can be unbelievably long. 30 minutes for a simple stirfry. Unbelievable considering I came in non-peak hours. It's happened twice to me (I used to come occasionally). There will not be a third. 

The employees work hard here but honestly the restaurant is so poorly designed in terms of operational efficiency. Their only advantage is location. 

I wish the street carts were open late.
The quality of honeygrow has significantly declined since its opening. I remember coming here often last fall because it is probably the closest place to eat near Huntsman and the stir fry is pretty good. I was excited to go back to try but was so disappointed. 

The box was half filled and where are all the ingredients???
Overpriced and overrated. I would give the food a 3/5, but combined with the prices, it bumps that down to a very solid 2. To Penn students - there are just so many better options near campus, whether it be other establishments or food trucks. I do not recommend coming here.

To give a little more detail, the salads here never have enough dressing to the point that I feel like I'm eating grass. Their stir-fry's are all extremely bland, especially the spicy garlic.

I will give them at least some credit for their honeybar. I like the different types of honey customers can choose from, and you can make a pretty good delicious dessert with different fruits and toppings. However, the honeybar is still unnecessarily expensive, and it's pretty absurd you have to pay extra for the yogurt. Honeygrow, you realize that without the yogurt, you are literally just giving people a super small cup of fruit, for like 7 dollars. Just take that in for a moment.
The place gets crowded during meal hours and the seating is very limited. Had the spicy garlic stir fry and it was good, but it came with pretty much no chicken in it. I also ordered a la croix seltzer and never received it. Had already received my food and thrown out my receipt when I realized I didn't get the drink. Chalked it up as a donation instead of waiting on line to talk to someone about the mishap since I had to get back to work.
This place serves an excellent stir fry. Each of the three times I've gone to Honeygrow, I've ordered the build your own stir fry and mixed and matched ingredients. I'm into the candied cashews and pork, they are great choices. 

Both the salads and the stir frys are filled to the brim with healthy ingredients...and most importantly...they are cheap! My order was 7.95. Not bad for a health foods restaurant in Philadelphia. 

Lines are very long during lunch hours, so expect to wait a bit of a wait if you're looking for a midday meal.
The food isn't bad, but it kinda fails with regards to bang for the buck. I'm not sure if it's just the design of the bowl or something, but it seems so much smaller than salads at comparative establishments. BUT the costs are the same and/or higher. Also, come on, why be so skimpy on the salad dressing? 

Location is the main plus (especially when you're a student at GSE), but most of the times that I pay for a salad there, my main thought is, "Why didn't I just walk that two extra blocks for Sweetgreen?!"

I do like how versatile it is (options for salad or stir fry), and that it's pretty quick with the automated check out system. Also, it feels clean and the people are friendly, so I suppose I wouldn't rule it out all the way.
Food is usually good here, but the wait is always way. too. long. If you're looking for a quick lunch, look elsewhere. A simple salad usually takes about 20minutes, and that doesn't include the time you'll spend waiting in line to order. On top of all that, they don't have enough room to keep everyone waiting for their order, so you'll end up lingering somewhere between the door and the trash cans. Uncomfortable and slow.
Food is pretty good. It's fresh and a little difference from similar concepts I've enjoyed. I've had both a salad and a noodle bowl but the time of day I am usually able to pop in has precluded me from getting a honey bowl. Even though it looks great. 

The self serve kiosks for ordering and payment are great. But I will say the actual staff you enounter could use some some customer service training. Any place where I get scolded by a staff member looses a star!
TERRIBLE. 

Service is PAINFULLY SLOW AND IRRESPONSIBLE. 

For the 2nd time in a row, this location has omitted ingredients from my order. The first time the left out green beans from my "Sweet Soy Five Spice" stirfry order basically leaving me with rice and ground meat. The second time they left out the goat cheese and cranberries from my "Fall the Things" salad. BOTH OCCASIONS THE STAFF FAILED TO SAY ANYTHING. When I brought the issue to the staffs attention they informed me they were out of those ingredients. WHY WOULDN'T YOU INFORM CUSTOMERS? Especially when you make them wait 20 minutes for a SALAD. 

WILL NOT BE BACK.
I can't say enough good things about Honeygrow. We stopped by today after a meeting. I have been wanting to tray for some time now. We're sure glad we did.

This was our first time here, we were greeted by a young lady. She was extremely helpful and walked is through the menu. My wife went with the spicy soy rice bowl with tofu. The tofu was seasoned well but was a bit too chewy for my liking. The dish was seasoned well and was a very large serving. She paid to have broccoli add but it didn't make it in there. My wife was very happy with it. I went with the spicy garlic stir fry. I added shrimp, mushrooms, bean sprouts and subbed the parsley for cilantro. This dish was fantastic! I had a craving for Asian food without all the heaviness and grease. Unfortunately my mushrooms didn't make it to the dish. 

This location is located on a college campus in the city, so parking can be tough. The location was clean and the staff was very friendly. It's a bit on the expensive side but I think it's worth it. We will be back! 4 stars all day.
honeygrow is one of the places that I crave occasionally, and is a pickup and go kind of place. They have automated ordering screens, which is nice and let's you customize your meal. During rush hour though, it's pretty swamped with Penn students so try to avoid that time if you can! 

I can only speak food wise for the stir fries, since that is what I get every time, but it is to note they have salad options as well. You get to pick a protein, base, as well as vegetables, toppings and a sauce for your dish. The stir fry is flavorful for sure (maybe a little overpowering at times?), and I would recommend choosing "less" for the sauce amount, as it tends to get drenched with sauce. 

Overall, it's a decent, quick meal, but in my opinion a little pricey (around $10 or more) for the food, especially considering the vast array of other food options around University City.
I am a frequent visitor to Honeygrow as it is only one block away from the University and the concept seems modern and interesting. It used to be good when it first opened.

However, in the recent 3-4 months I found that they have gradually reduced the portion of the stir-fry. I just had a dinner tonight and ordered a sesame garlic dish with $9.95 + tax. The portion literally didn't reach 3/4 of the container. I felt cheated as in the old days they always filled to the brim!

Not sure whether I would go back to this business if I have to stay hungry after coming out of the door.

[Update: I was responded by the management team soon after I posted my review and later received an email from the manager, Christina, on the following Monday. She agreed that it was unacceptable and apologized with a free meal. I was impressed by their prompt action and the fact that they actually care their customers. I changed my review from 2 stars to 4 stars.]
Stir-fry mealss aren't as exciting as I'd expect from a place whose menu is half stir-fry, half salad. Smells very yummy and not bad as a meal close by, though! I just wouldn't go out of my way for it.

Salad selections have all the basics you could want, plus a few more healthy exotic choices (cashews, wheat berries, goat cheese), which is quite pleasing to a health nut like myself. I very much enjoy that you can pick as variegated a combination as you want for you base (I got a kale-mesclun-arugala-wheatberry base! Very diverse). 

Place is also rather slow. The kiosk system makes the ordering process very speedy but it still takes a surprisingly long amount of time to get your food. The wait feels abnormally longer than usual at a salad bar-like place, sort of like when there's a ginormous line in a coffee shop at rush hour, if that analogy makes sense. I felt this earlier this year when I came in for a froyo on the way to a study session and it delayed me longer than I expected.

All in all, a good place worthy of grabbing a meal at, just a *bit* slow for a grab-and-go, and perhaps disappointing for those who want their meals to feel hefty and satisfying rather than healthy but perhaps a bit shrink-wrapped.
Tried Honeygrow in rittenhouse last year and was not very impressed - after seeing the large crowds and lines for the past few weeks, I finally decided to give it a second chance. 

I stopped in for lunch on a Sunday afternoon and surprisingly found no wait and ample seating! We went with the red curry pre-made option - coconut red curry sauce, rice noodles, roasted organic spicy tofu, carrots, red onions, bell peppers. The bf and I shared just one since we weren't starving (and when I say share, I mean I ate most of it bc he wasn't that hungry and I'm..always very hungry). Overall, the dish was good! Good veggies (we added corn) and a healthy amount of noodles as well. We did have to douse it in hot sauce though...the curry itself was very very light and was definitely lost among all the other flavors. However, nothing a big serving of sriracha couldn't fix. 

Tips: 
+Don't make your own noodle stir fry...we did that last time and just ended up with some weird flavors. Until this time when we really liked our pre-made option. So try one of those and modify as you see fit. 
+Get it to go because it's pretty loud inside / full of students

Pros:
+LOVE the screens you can order from - you can modify to your hearts content without annoying the person taking your order (oops) 

Cons:
-A little pricey at around $9-10 for a lunch in university city - but worth the warm box of noodles on a cold afternoon!
Delicious!! I saw this place was busy and wanted to give it a try. Friendly and helpful staff. You can choose a salad or stir fry or design your own right from the kiosk.
Lots of vegetable and protein choices. I designed a veggie stir fry and chose "less" for the sauce. Fresh and delish! 
However- it's busy. You will wait for your good. Not loads of tables/seating. A lot of people seem to take the food to go.
I REALLY like this place. The quality of their food is really good. I created my salad and I loved it. They have a lot of options. I will note, when they say something is spicy, it's really freaking spicy. If you order something spicy, I'd recommend getting the sauce/dressing on the side your first time there. I'd also recommend getting dressing on the side regardless if you get a salad because they put a lot of dressing on. Also, it's one of those "order on the screen" type of thing. Due to that, there might be a long line if you go during a peak hour. I went during lunch and it was pretty empty, but even with no wait for ordering, it did take them a little longer than average to make my food. Overall though, I love the food here. It's really good!!!!
Not really sure why this place is called honey grow other than the fact that their yoghurt parfaits have honey... but this place sure is SWEET :) 

Came to honeygrow because my friends said this was a very Philly place - you won't find a honeygrow anywhere else. And I was really happy with the experience!

Came at a great time since there was no line up. The ordering system is fantastic. It's fully electronic, easy to maneuver, tons of visuals, and the payment process is seamless. Even my custom requirements (aka sauce on the side, extra seasoning) was all accommodated for. We seriously need some of this in Canada.

I ordered the Sweet Soy Five Spice. This consisted of Togorashi turkey on brown rice with some soy sauce based flavoring. It was really warm (perfect for winter), tasted super healthy, and was seasoned really well. My only complaint was the fact that honeygrow advertises its rice boxes with a very modernesque "clean-eating" image, but I found my stir fry to be pretty oily. If there was some way to get rid of the excess oil before placing the dish on rice, that would be a huge plus.

I'd also like to note that the sweet teas at honeygrow are AMAZING. They aren't masked by sugar, and I just really really liked the taste. If you ever have the chance to stop by honeygrow, don't miss out on their teas!!!

Most of their dishes range from $9 - $15 ish, depending on customization. Some can find this on the high end of the price spectrum.

Yay Honeygrow!
This was my first time trying honey grow outside DC, and it's just as tasty as I remember. This location is just steps from the UPenn campus. It's a relatively small establishment with a few tables for seating as well as bar-style seating by the window. This location had different signature dishes from the one in DC, which is great because it sources local fresh ingredients. 

 You place your order at the kiosk, and you can pay with a credit card right at the kiosk, or cash when your order is ready for pick up. I ordered the spicy garlic stirfry, which was really flavorful and delicious. The egg white noodles were perfectly tender, and the veggies and tofu that I got were cooked just right. However, I thought there was a little bit too much sauce for my liking (even though I ordered "less" sauce), but overall it was a satisfying and very filling dish. Service was quick, and the staff was really nice!
Visited UPenn with my friend and had lunch there. Because it is in the Christmas time, there weren't many people, and it didn't take a long time for us to get meals. It was great to order yourself. The garlic noodle was great except for that it was a little salty. Overall, a good place to have a lunch!
Yikes! I am sad to be giving this review, but this review is based solely on my first visit to this Honeygrow location. I arrived there around 1pm on a weekday for lunch with a friend, and though on the outside it looked super packed, there was actually no line to order - just a large group of people waiting for their orders.

I made my own salad with spring mix, falafel (add additional for protein), 3 ingredients of red onions, roasted beets, and tomatoes (included in the base price), and 2 crunches (sesame sticks and croutons). I also chose the dressing of olive oil and vinegar.

I wish I had checked my order when I was still in the restaurant because when my friend and I walked to another building on campus to eat our lunches, I found that they had forgotten my roasted beets AND they only gave me olive oil (no vinegar). Plus, the red onions were not fully cut in that they were still joined at the stem, and I had to physically pull them apart while eating it.

Without the acidity of the vinegar and the subtle sweetness of the beets, my salad was honestly pretty nasty - imagine eating raw vegetables coated only in olive oil. Yuck. Needless to say, I was left very sad at the end of my lunch. 

I would definitely return for another try before brushing off Honeygrow for good, but I was thoroughly disappointed in my first experience.
Arrived as they opened on Sunday.  No wait to order.  The wait to get the food wasn't bad.  It was my first time so I didn't know to order "less" sauce, I will surely do that next time as it was a little soupy at the bottom with "regular" sauce.  I love that they have gluten free options but they could do a better job with markings and what what one worker told me, what the board showed and what the order kiosk noted, were all different.  But the dish was tasty, I will likely return when in the area.
I've been to Honeygrow a few times and it's been pretty good. I've never been to this location however. I got the red coconut curry and it was very w e a k. The amount of tofu was no more than a very small handful --like peanuts snack size on a plane, at most--and the noodles had almost no flavor. Do they not marinade their tofu?? It's tofu! at all. Meanwhile, with tax it totaled to over $10. This is ridiculous given the ingredients couldn't have cost more than $1.50. The whole experience felt like their measured approach (literally) has jumped the shark.
4.4/5

My review is based on the two times I've catered with them. They were a BIG hit both times. I was told by several people that this is the best catered food they've had all year. 

Their stir fries were really popular, such as the red chicken curry. I, however, am personally obsessed with their salads. Make It Grain is amazing, especially with the honey ginger vinaigrette. So is the Mex'celente salad with the chipotle adobo dressing. The ingredients in the salads are great, but the dressings really bring the salad up to a whole new level. I've saved the leftover dressing for my own salads at home, and they even make lettuce that is somewhat going bad and chicken that is kind of dry taste really good. It's MAGIC!

Somehow, I've never liked the food I've gotten in the store quite as much (though they're still solid.) Not sure why... (admittedly, I didn't order the same things.)
It's good IF they can get your order right. This location needs to slow down and read. It is a rainy day and it is pretty empty but they still managed screw up my order.
So I came to check out the West Philadelphia location. It was easier to get on as it's on 37th St. I liked the new program that they have you use to order. Now the orders go faster as you only make selections if you want to change ingredients or make up your own. Drawbacks- no charging station so if you don't sit in a seat close to an outlet, there's no way to charge up. Also, the stools were uncomfortable. Otherwise, great, friendly staff as always.
I've come here numerous times because I'm a student and I hold out hope it gets better. But specifically with app orders (which theoretically should be more efficient) when I set an order time for pick up I come in and still have to wait at least 10 minutes.....

I came in once to ask a worker and she didn't even know they had an app. And on top of that the first time I had a mobile order they ended up making what I wanted incorrectly.
A hip and typically busy eatery. This eatery located on UPenn's campus has great tasting food and a variety of customizable options. The staff here are very friendly and are very good st getting you your meal. 

Ordering here is done on touchscreen tablets, which show you options and choices of different noodle, meat/vegetables, and sauces. 

The food here is very good. Each time I've ordered, my food is very tasty and has a good amount of noodles and chicken. The price is decent for what you are getting. 

Drink options are somewhat limited, as there are no typical options such as coke or Pepsi products. However, they have a decent selection of drinks and good lemonade. 

I recommend going to the actual location rather than ordering take out. I have noticed there is significantly less sauce as well as chicken. Likely to prevent the take out containers from leaking. 

Overall a great place to eat that will provide you consistent delicious meals!
This was super exciting. Looking at the map, this place is real different from the other selection of heavy-sauce, fried/bar, fast food in the area without breaking the bank.

Vegan kale salad:
This was pretty filling with a good balance of texture in their selection of ingredients. The spicy dressing was something I hadn't encountered before and enjoyed. Probably too salty so perhaps have only half mixed in with more on the side.

Kale/banana/pineapple smoothie:
This was quite a heavy drink. With a salad, there was definitely enough to save for later. The mint is a nice touch to keep the drink feeling light.

Would definitely come back again for my salad fix.
Who doesn't love noodles? I'm always in the mood for noodles so finding this place definitely made me happy. My favorite was the spicy garlic noodle platter! It was packed with so much flavor, veggies, and gave me the kick I needed. I also felt that the prices were very reasonable for the amount they give you. 

The curry noodle bowl was alright. I felt it was lacking in the curry taste and the toppings were somewhat basic. They also serve salads there which looked very tasty. I'll have to try that next! 

Ordering here is super convenient as they have screens for you to place your order and you can even customize your bowls through this as well. They seem to have a system down that works, making dining here or carrying out very efficient.
I looooove honeygrow. I discovered it the first time I visited Drexel 4 years ago. When they opened one up on UPenn's campus I was super excited. I've been coming here ever since. I'm a somewhat picky eater so it's nice that you can build your own. I get the garlic sesame sauce and it's really good. The chicken is also cooked perfectly. The staff was really friendly this time and checked up to make sure everything was good. All the ingredients are fresh and delicious. Definitely come check this place out!
I came into Honeygrow to try their Red Curry Noodles because I had heard many great things about it. Talk about raising your expectations too high. The food came out fairly quickly and I took some sriracha on the side. When I opened the take out container of noodles, it was so fragrant so I was really excited to try them. I took a bite and it was...bland. What a disappointment. I used all of my sriracha so that I could at least taste something. The tofu was good, but bland. And pineapple? What? I get the whole quality ingredients appeal of Honeygrow, but you cannot justify that with bland food. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing, so I'm going to try their other stir fry options to see if Honeygrow actually lives up to the hype.
