It's a really cute place for breakfast in the Northern Liberties section of Philly.  This morning I was there for a medical appointment, and I wanted to take advantage of some of the more quaint things to do in Philly that weren't right in Center City.

They have an extremely charming atmosphere, and you can see it in all the touches here and there.  Breakfast items are all fairly creative, but not too snobby.  The service is quick and efficient, but I noticed that they just were not overly chatty.  I like how they have a food runner, which many smaller establishments don't have, so the plates come out as soon as they are ready.

Ironically, the last time I had grits was in Mississippi, so I can't say that I enjoyed the grits I had here.  But that might not be fair to say.
My favorite brunch spot in Philly!! I love this place!!!

Okay, where to begin? I've waited close to an hour for not the best table in the medium sized restaurant and still left with a smile on my face! Haha! Its not that bright in there and more than likely you will sit super close to strangers but it doesn't matter because the food is great! It seems that the staff at Honey's Sit-N-Eat love their job because they're super nice and I see most of the same faces when I dine here.

Now to the fun part. It's a BYOB!!!!! Last time we ordered a small cup of orange juice and splashed it into our Prosecco. Super delish! I get the same breakfast all the time! Mac & cheese pancakes!!! OH-MY-GOSH! If you love Mac & cheese and pancakes like me...you'll love this special creation! Also, I ordered scrambled eggs with caramelized onions, homemade fries w/ peppers and onions, and cannot forget the Lancaster county BACON -- sooo tasty!   

Typing this makes me want to go again next weekend!
Amazing & custardy French Toast

Chose the special - Local Strawberry French Toast.  Fresh strawberries were macerated so that the yummy sauce that formed was then poured all over the thick slices of frenchie.....no fake strawberry-jam-action going on over here!

Bread was thick but not too thick to soak up all the eggy goodness & get all puddingy & custardy!  Huge props!!!

Buddies got the Banana Walnut Buttermilk Pancakes & said they were fluffy & tasty as could be - very high marks.  I tried a bite & thought they were dense & cakey & that is my highest compliment!

But we all agreed my Frenchie was the best out of the bunch!  :-)

Coffee was smooth & strong - multiple cups appreciated!!

Waitstaff was super friendly & the wait to get in on a busy Saturday was around 20 min....can't get better than that!
My favorite brunch place in Philly. 

Hands down the best. No other cutesy diners,  hipster cafes, or fancy brunch destinations can compare to Honey's deliciousness. Been going here for years and every time I am deciding where to eat brunch on a Sunday's morning, Honey's is always in the discussion. Of course whether they're open, if I am carrying cash, and how crowded (LONG LINES ON SUNDAYS) all contribute to my decision.

Please go here if you're a brunch foodie. Oh yeah, my new obsession here is the Honey Cristo! It's french toast stuffed with ham and cheese with two sunny side eggs on top.
Honey's is my favorite game in town for a non-alcoholic brunch. Despite the lack of a liquor license, the place is always crowded. Always. I'm talking 20 minute wait on a Monday afternoon-crowded. 

Nonetheless, a wait it is worth. Over several visits I've had a bunch of the more breakfast-y items, which is usually what I prefer compared with soups, sandwiches and the like. Not to take away from any of those items, because they're all fantastic in their own right. But Honey's does breakfast major justice. 

This morning I enjoyed a freshly squeezed grapefruit juice and giant mug of coffee alongside my chorizo-tomato-fresh jalapeno egg white omelet, which came with a controlled amount of delicious breakfast potatoes and some wheat toast. It was hearty. It was healthy (mostly). I was happy.
Wow, just wow. This was probably the best brunch I have had in months. I've only been here once but it definitely won't be the last time! 

I came here on a Sunday morning to celebrate my 5 year anniversary with my boyfriend. We are a low key couple so we decided on having brunch cause we liked how casual Honey's seemed. I would not say that this place gives you a lot of room to enjoy your company because we were squished between two tables. But the food definitely made up for it.

They serve La Columbe coffee here, which is always delicious. My boyfriend and I ordered a pancake with berries to share - top notch. Not that fluffy but very sweet and satisfying. I ordered the Jeb's (hopefully not in reference to the Bush) Open Face Biscuit sandwich because as a vegetarian having the opinion to have biscuits and gravy with fake sausage was something I couldn't pass up. It was a hearty meal that warmed my insides and just scrumptious. I highly recommend this dish. My boyfriend ordered the Huevos rancheros. He enjoyed it but he had to order bacon and potatoes on the side (which cost extra). We both agreed that there was just something a little extra about this food that pushed it above Green Eggs Cafe (another close by brunch spot).

Overall, this was a delicious meal for $40 with tip (cash only!!!!). I can't wait to make a return trip to this place and try something else - everything looks delicious!
I did it! I finally did it! After much anticipation I ate at Honey's. And holy moses, smell the roses...it was just as incredible as I hoped it would be.

After reading all these rave reviews I knew I was in for a treat. And being both Southern and Jewish, well, let's just say I felt like I was going to be among friends (although I found the menu to not be particularly one or the other). My friend and I expected a long wait for lunch on a recent beautiful Friday but we were delighted to arrive just in time to nab a great table. The place looked like it was central casting for hipsters (a vast selection of lovely ladies with great hair and darling guys with tattoos and facial scruff) and the music was great. And the decor was just right. So I was into it before I even gazed at the menu. 

Oh yeah, the menu! It was quite vast and it took me about 10 minutes of serious reading to decide what to get. But as soon as I saw those four beautiful words that can make me swoon, I was sold: Fried Shrimp Po Boy.

Tangy. Sweet. Crunchy. Delish. I will stop there so as not to go overboard with further gushing.

There was also mac and cheese (awesome). And I had to reach across the table and steal my friend's biscuit, because that's just the kind of girl I am.

I'm not sure I'm up for braving the weekend brunch crowds (I hate to wait for food) but I will eat here again in a hot minute. And I will savor every single friggin' bite.
"You taste like honey, honey.  // Tell me can I be your honey?"  -- Matchbox 20

Ahhh, hon.  Lemme tell you 'bout Honey's.  The hunnies here will treat you right, and so will the grub.  There's good reason to why Yelp Philly's got the sweets for Honey's.

With a breakfast menu seemingly served all day long, and a regular menu that's incredibly diverse, you can't go wrong here.  From quesadillas to omelets to endive salads, there's a little something for everyone!

We chilled outside on a comfortably steamy summer afternoon, so I figured a lime-ade (marked up on the cute little chalkboard outside the door) sounded just fine.  Mmm, tart and limey - not too sweet - and iced down.  Slurp!  I did the calamari salad because my eyes kept roving over it and I kept getting drawn back again and again.  Beloved Philly CM, Carrie, talked me into the crazy-whacked-out-good mac-n-cheese, while she ordered a shrimp po'boy for herself.

All solid stuff.  Tons of crispy crunchy fried squid in my salad.  It didn't look like a lot, but I almost had a hard time finishing it all!  The mac was everything I expected in a side order - a cup filled to the brim with gooey pasta-y goodness, and a delightful crust along the top and to the mac stuck against the sides of the mini-bowl.  I have to say, I'd probably order the shrimp po'boy if I ever came back.  One taste of the gigantic breaded (panko? cornmeal?) shrimp and I knew I could have done better for myself.

I heart you, Honey's!  Here's your cash - I'll be back for some more of your sweet lovin'!
another visit to honey's...and i continue to stand behind their well-deserved 5 stars! while i've dined here many times, i hadn't been there in quite a few months, so when my parents told me they were coming into town for the day to do some shopping and wanted me to meet up with them in old city, i suggested we start with brunch at honey's first.

the wait was typical for a sunday morning, and when our name was called after 45 mins or so, we were happily seated at an outside table on such a beautiful day. our friendly & punctual server brought us our waters and coffee, then took our orders: my mom and i both got omelet specials - the mushroom, tomato, jalapeno & avocado for her, the roasted tomato, scallion & goat cheese plus added veg sausage for me - and dad got the challah french toast. us jews love our challah! 

it goes without saying that everything was excellent, but i'll say it anyway: everything was EXCELLENT! in fact, my dad couldn't stop talking about the latke, as well as many of the dinner items he eyed up on the reverse side of the menu, all day. methinks the folks will be inviting me to meet them here again soon....lucky me!
not once have i gone to honey's for a weekend brunch and not incurred a wait of at least 30 minutes to upwards of an hour. on occasion i have been so hungry [and/or hungover] that even a 5 minute wait seemed impossible, thereby leading me to nearby alternatives north 3rd or the abbaye. both are good...but neither hold a candle to the deliciousness that is honey's.

today was one of those days where we were willing to wait the 45 minutes while our stomachs rumbled in anticipation of the meal to come. we passed the time by people watching and contemplating whether to go breakfast or lunch (seeing as it was 2pm), all the while growing more & more eager as other 2-tops being called had tired of the wait and left, making us that much closer to Next.
 
within moments of sitting down, we were handed menus and asked if we wanted coffee - yes, please! since enjoying the enfrijoladas so much on my last visit, i was set on ordering them again. this time instead of getting it made with tofu, i went for the vegan sausage. equally as delish. as if that wasn't enough food, i added a latke + [homemade] applesauce on the side for a mere $2.50. 

my boyfriend went the lunch route and ordered the brisket sandwich, topped with melted cheese & sauteed spinach, served with a side of horseradish sauce & fries. this led to me eating fries for the 3rd time this week (that's typically how many times i eat them in a month!) as i simply could not resist dipping them in the tangy horseradish sauce.

there are so many veg-friendly options at honey's that i sorta kick myself for getting the same one twice, but i fully intend to eat here enough to try everything [meatless] on the menu.


[ random aside:  i had parked on 3rd street, just north of poplar, which as i later learned is a popular spot for birds to gather on the telephone poles. when we returned to the car, it looked like it had gone to war with the entire winged population of philadelphia....and lost. this required a quick detour to the nearest car wash (11th & spring garden - thanks, GPS!) where, $16 later, it was as if my car had never been the crap-magnet that it was. all in all, the meal was still well worth it! ]
After making a return visit here, I feel obligated to bump my review up to 5 stars, as Honey's has now claimed a spot in the brunch-loving corner of my heart.

I was tempted to order the Honey Cristo again since I liked it so much last time, but decided to try the Breakfast Quesadilla instead. It came stuffed with ham, cheese, and scrambled eggs, with avocado sour cream drizzled on top, and beans and pico de gallo on the side. The bulk of the quesadilla was the scrambled eggs, which I really liked, especially with the avocado sour cream adding a great kick of flavor. Would definitely get this again!

I also tried a little bit of my friend's Breakfast Bomb, which she ordered with chocolate chip pancakes instead of regular. The pancakes wrapped around scrambled eggs and ham were very, very yummy, and the chocolate chips were a great addition.

They also make excellent challah french toast. My other friend couldn't finish her Honey Cristo, so I happily ate the rest of her french toast for her.

In conclusion, a TL;DR list of stuff that Honey's does well:
1) Things with ham and eggs
2) Challah french toast
3) Portions that are actually finishable in one sitting and don't leave you feeling like you're about to explode afterwards
I feel like my experience must be an anomaly considering all of the amazing things I hear about this place, but considering it is a contender for the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant I have to say something.

We started out rather unimpressed with the menu.  I've always heard that they have interesting options and especially for vegetarians, but I had to end up settling on a tuna melt, and my vegan girlfriend on a veggie burger.  We're always up for trying something new but there was simply nothing interesting to try.

I was unimpressed with my tuna melt.  A greasy concoction served on white bread it started to make me feel ill after a couple of bites.

My girlfriend, a vegetarian for seven years, took a bite of her veggie burger only to discover that we had been brought a turkey burger instead.

I have worked in food-service myself for years and understand that things like this can be honest mistakes, and approached the situation as such, but the waiter tried to blame it on my girlfriend, saying that she probably accidentally ordered a turkey burger.  

He then proceeded to try and guilt us into paying for the food while my girlfriend is sitting in tears.

I almost feel like I must have been at the wrong restaurant, but it was called Honey's and it was on 4th and brown.  I'm sure that my experience was the exception and not the rule, but every time I see the glowing reviews I can't help but smolder a little.
Oh Honey's, my satisfied tummy is singing your praises! This is your spot for a delish breakfast or brunch with your favorite folk. Try the french toast, dessert, and anything/ everything on the specials menu. The food is devine, good service, fun atmosphere and decor. There is a wait on the weekends, well pretty much all the time, especially for the outdoor tables. So, get here with time to spare, that way you can linger over your delicious meal. Honey, honey - you are my favorite brunch spot in NoLib.
Since everyone and their mother on Yelp has had a go at a review of this place I saw it fitting that I also throw my hat in the ring - if only to inform potential diners of what an experience at Honey's is really like.

Whenever anything is written about my 'hood (yes, Northern Liberties is mine, my precious), whether it be in the National Geographic Traveler (just recently, check it out), the NY Times, insider travel guides, what-have-you, Honey's always receives a mention as a 'must' eatery above all others. (well, heck it's always mentioned hand-in-hand with Standard tap, but that's another story for another time)

Yes, the place is darling, with its industrial city barn feel, replete with iron ceiling girders, wood plank floors and vintage/flea market decor. Yes, they have a menu to sate anyone's palate with offerings for the veggie and non-veggie eater alike. Yes, it's affordable and the portions generous. Yes, the freshly-squeezed OJ and yes, the food IS good.

But is Honey's the place of the second-coming of god-ly-eateries? NO.  Is this the brunch place to end all brunch places? NO.  If you're there over the weekend, there are so many other local restaurants in walking distance that have an equally good brunch, at a similar price point, minus the excruciating wait and the cooler-than-thou service - like Café Estelle, the Abbaye, N. 3rd, A Full Plate, Dos Segundos to name a few. 

I feel like Honey's is just as good as any of these places - but somehow along the way, it became the epitome of all things brunch and of Northern Liberties.  It became "the" place to go.  Which is fine, because we're all guilty of being trendy diners at one time or another.

The truth of the matter is, is this place (for grub, ambiance and the trend-factor) worth the hour + wait? NO and NO.  Don't get me wrong, I'm a fan of this place, I just don't think it's worth my precious weekend time off nor do I think it's a required stop on the neighborhood tour.

Maybe it's because I live a hop, skip and a jump from Honey's and if my hangover permits I try and go there before 9:30 am before the crowds roll in and often just grab a seat at the bar. I have that luxury, but I don't make it an every weekend habit.  

In any event, if you're in my neighborhood, it's still a nice place for you to get some good food but consider the alternatives.  If you're an impatient person like I am, go before 9:30 during the weekends and after 2 pm (but not on Sundays) - if you go with a group (more than 4) it will extend your wait no matter what.  If you're determined to go, bring the weekend paper, take into consideration inclement weather (there's barely any room to wait inside) and experience a tiny (but not exclusive) slice of Northern Liberties.
This Honey is a total tease... 

In other words, she teased me with the promise of a life-changing brunch, but only delivered a half-hearted dining experience.

Okay, so, a friend and I popped into Honey's for a weird midday brunch/linner thing at like 2:00pm in the afternoon on a Friday.  Honey's is known for crazy crowds and lines, but there was no wait whatsoever when we arrived.  Ah, the perks of dining at off hours.

The first thing that struck me was the pleasant, laid-back, rustic, and vaguely hipstery vibe.  Being in the heart of NoLibs, none of this should have come as a surprise.  For a moment, I thought I was at The Mission or Tractor Room back in San Diego.  Definitely a good sign.

Things began to go downhill after the server came by with coffee for my dining companion.  It was burnt and undrinkable.  "I guess I'll stick to water today," I thought.

I loved perusing the menu.  Lots of delicious-sounding Southern- and Jewish-inspired items.  I decided to order the Reuben sandwich, while my companion ordered a spinach omelet.

And we waited.

And waited.

About ~45 minutes later, food finally arrived.  (There was no reason to wait this long, given how empty the restaurant was.)  

We were eager to eat, but there was one problem:  They made the entirely wrong omelet.  (I have no idea how mushrooms and sausage can be mistaken for spinach.)  So the omelet was sent back, and we waited for a new one to arrive.

I can forgive the occasional mix-up in communication between the customer, server, and kitchen staff -- as long as the food is good at the end.  Truth is, even the food was only so-so.  My Reuben was edible, with a generous stack of meat, but the cheese was hardened into an unpleasant plastic-like consistency.  The spinach omelet was better -- but it was really the outstanding biscuit and delightful potato latke that brought the dish to a level higher than anything I could achieve at home.

The server was extremely apologetic about all this.  If the staff was just having an off day, fine.  But then the server brought us the check -- and double-charged us for the omelet.  Argh.   At this point, I was ready to get out of there.

There's a lot of potential at Honey's... but service and execution needs a lot of improvement because this place joins the brunch big leagues.  Until that happens, I'll probably skip it.
Philly is *phull* of phabulous little phood phinds like Honey's Sit-n-Eat, tucked away in unassuming neighborhoods.  If not for Guy Fieri (yes, I *know* he's a tool, but the man sure eats well), I don't think Honey's would have made my list of Must Try on this most recent visit to Philadelphia.

Moms and I showed up around 9 on a Saturday morning and only had to wait about 20 minutes before being seated at one of Honey's tiny tables in the tiny dining room.  Even as we waited outside we were completely charmed by the vibrant, whimsical mural, "Honey's Garden," bedecking the exterior, and the clever blend of traditional and Hebrew-looking lettering on the signage.  When we sat down and started perusing the menu, we knew we'd landed on a goldmine.

Honey's *does* mix traditional American/Southern fare with Jewish deli staples, and with great success.  After debating and debating -- everything looked so appealing -- Moms decided on Eggs Benedict, and I picked the Enfrijolades with the addition of soy sausage.  I added a side of a cheddar and onion latke with applesauce, because I had to see for myself how this food union was going to work.  The food was deee-lish-uuuuus (you have to read that with a sing-song voice).  I wanted to marry my Enfrijolades, two flour tortillas filled with scrambled eggs, soysauge, and black beans, topped with salsa verde, black bean purée, sour cream, queso fresco, red onions, radishes, and mixed micro green salad.  Naturally I also added guacamole.  I don't think I spoke the whole time I was slowly savoring those puppies.  Moms also enjoyed her Benedict, two poached eggs atop housemade Challah bread and doused in a spicy Hollandaise.  And while we both really liked the latkes, we agreed that referring to them as "latkes" is a bit of a stretch: they're triangular shaped, thick potato cakes that have been deep-fried.  Really tasty, but not even close to a traditional latke shape or texture.  The homemade applesauce knocked me out, tho, and tasted just like apple pie filling.

Prices are super affordable -- CASH ONLY, tho there's an ATM in the corner of the dining room just in case -- and the service is quick and friendly.  Vegetarian and vegan options abound, which seems to be typical of a *lot* of Philadelphia restaurants (take note, DC).  Best of all, Honey's is committed to farm-to-table dining, using free-range, farm-fresh eggs from nearby Lancaster County, produce from local farms, and condiments from salad dressings to jams to mayo are made in-house.  On so many levels, I'm lovin' Honey's Sit-n-Eat.

[15 Minutes of Fame: "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives: Quirky Classics"]
Let me paint a picture. I was hung over, just pulled into Philly, starving, and needed to get right before a night on the town for my birthday.

Honey's...open till 5pm. I love breakfast at non breakfast hours. I also love cheap prices,large portions, jelly and sunny side up eggs(not combined). 
So far Honey's is looking good ...let's check the vegetarian options for the wife:
Veggie burger...Perfect. I could just leave it at that , but I'll shoot out that they had vegetarian options/substitutes for almost every meal like Veg Sausage and Tofu. 

When we arrived I wanted to turn around and walk away when I saw about 5 couples out side waiting. Wife said "We got sweet parking we should at least try." 
When we walked in the place was elbow to elbow. Literally it's almost like the cover of the Beastie Boys album when they are in the sardine can. Wait, what's that on the horizon? The Counter. Empty. The waitress say's "It's about a 40 minute wait unless you want the counter."  The empty counter with plenty of elbow space? Yes please. Eating at the Counter in a Breakfast spot is like C.K. (Shout out!) Eating at the Bar for dinner. You know the service is going to be spot on because there's always somebody right there. 

Country Fried Steak - White Gravy, 2 Eggs any way, Toast or Biscuit, Potato of choice.($12). This plate was huge and amazing. The biscuit was awesome and they keep house made jelly in a little jar on every table. I had half of my buiscut with jelly the other half.... I made what I'll call Country Benedict. I put the biscuit on bottom stacked a cut of the Country Fried on top of that, White gravy, and topped it with a sunny side up. Amazing. 

Wife had a Veggie burger($10 +$2 for shoes string fires) She liked it, but wasn't going to write home about it. 

The rest of the menu looked awesome....so awesome....we came back Sunday morning! I got the same thing! 

This time wife got 1 large pancake, veggie sausage, home fries. She was very satisfied and said we can me it a regular spot for our Philly trips. 

They make like a giant breakfast burrito out of a large pancake! I might need that next time.  

I Will Return.
believe the hype. for once, the hype is spot on.

H   otcakes with
O   odles of goodness and fresh fruit.
N  ever scimping on the bacon and
E   ggs done right.
Y   eah there can be a wait, but 
S   eriously, it's worth it, despite the hipsters here :)
If you look at the "things I like," you'll see huevos rancheros are pretty important to me. That said, it'd probably mean something if I were to tell you Honey's makes my favorite, yes, FAVORITE huevos in the city. Actually, they have me hooked. It's not just the food though.

It all starts with Angel. She's my favorite waitress and she's ready to talk about how she danced her face off last night, or how she understands the importance of having just one pancake as a side (and not an entire stack) or how it's perfectly reasonable (and called for) to consume an entire bottle of champagne with a friend over brunch. Either way you slice it, Angel is, well, just that, and Honey's is...heaven?
Egads, man! If you don't get the huevos rancheros, get the enfrijoladas. And douse your biscuit in their blueberry jam!
My bf and I just ordered takeout from Honey's. The person who took our order was extremely RUDE and SHORT with us. Granted, it was close to their closing time, but not THAT close where anyone should have had an attitude about it. If that's the case, tell us you're closed!!!!   

Honey's is getting beside themselves now because of their so-called popularity. They need to remember that it was the CUSTOMERS who made it so. (Especially YELPERS.)

We didn't appreciate the sarcastic and "smart-alecky" tone the cashier took with us.
I have been back to Honey's twice since my last review, because I am an addict. I just had to write about the hot chocolate, both to recommend and warn people about it. It is one of the richest things I have ever consumed, like liquid truffle. This is wonderful if you are in the mood for it, but could easily overwhelm those used to the stuff in the packet with the fake marshmallows. 

Also, the biscuit sandwich with scrambled eggs, bacon and cheddar is my new favorite dish. Usually I don't order scrambled eggs when I go out because it is riskier to order processed eggs verses whole eggs. You could get scrambled eggs poured from a pouch labeled "Aramark" or "Sodexho" (bad flashbacks to omelets in college). Or even fresh eggs with not enough milk added, the results being dry and dense. But Honey's are the real deal- fluffy, light and tender.
It really is great when you get recommend a place and it works out perfectly!
On my recent trip to Philly I asked a certain former CM (now my manager) where I should eat. Honey's was her first response! Naturally...I Yelped it...

Yep...we are going here!

The staff is a mix of men and women who are way too cool for me. Cool Tattoos, personal styles and no uniforms. I consider myself cool - at the very least "hip" -, but this staff is one I somewhat envied. They are the type that are into art and coffee, and craft beer probably...I want to be all of that. The neighbor hood seems to be just that as well. A cool, nice living area....I dig it!

I ordered the Eggs Benedict - ALMOST went with the Honey Cristo - and did not regret my choice! It was a unique spin and the spices in the hollandaise were perfect! The wife had Enfijoladas - she was blown away. I took a bite - of course - and it reminded me of breakfast in Nicaragua....when we go visit her family we always have fried eggs, beans, cheese and rice...BEST BREAKFAST EVER...this was very similar.

Since we were on vacation we decided to share the French Toast. YES! Do it. Don't worry about the calories. Don't worry if you are full. JUST DO IT!

The place is cash only (as a lot of places were) and the fee for the ATM is $1.50. I found it a bit weird coming from a place that accepts plastic everywhere but I was ok with the fee...whenI noticed a lot of places were cash only we stacked up for the rest of the trip.
Back again to Honey's where not a thing has changed and thank god. Huevos rancheros still better than any other version I've come across in the great U.S. and enough flannel to screw a lightbulb.
How do they do it?  Even a two-egg breakfast is better here.  The eggs taste better, fresher.  The latke is good. The coffee is delicious. The blueberries are delicious.

Brought my mom here, and she was wowed.  She got the breakfast poboy with turkey sausage. The sausage was tangy and tasty.  It was smothered in "white gravy," which was more of a bechamel than a redeye gravy. Very good.

Service was good; our coffees were constantly refilled, food came quickly. 

Honey's does it again.  Yum.
I need to strongly disagree with the crown...

The Smiths ate breakfast at Honey's today and were disappointed.  

If you are going to cook mexican/southwestern food, you should do it right.  

The Huevos Rancheros had no red  sauce on them.  I have never had this dish without red sauce or a choice of red or green.  As a result, this was not a spicy dish as it should be and as it was described on the menu.

The Enfrijoladas were served luke warm at best.  They had good flavor but also were not spicy as advertised.

We ordered a side of chorizo and it came to us as a pile of little slices that were so overcooked that the flavor was virtually gone.

If you want great heuvos rancheros done right, try Michael's Kitchen in Taos, NM.

The latke and the fresh orange juice were good but charging extra for sour cream is a bit much

This less than satisfactory breakfast cost $39+tip.  Way too much for what we got. 

I cannot recommend this restaurant

The Smiths
Because yes.

As a very proud Yelper of many years I take pride in my little food reviews, and I hate having to write a review that echoes what many others have already said.  However, my first visit to Honey's was thebomb.com and there is nothing I can do about it.

The Good

1. Fast, friendly service. The coffee cup stayed piping hot, the servers were super friendly, and the overall atmosphere was just plain chill-meets-effective. 

2. The food was stellar. The chicken fried steak and latke were good.  The asparagus omelette was okay, but I would try something else next time.  I'm just not sure I'm as in love with asparagus as I thought I was.

3. Biscuits.  These deserve their own  bullet point because they are awesome. They make their own preserves... yummy!

4. The atmosphere is a NoLibs rustic.  I like it. 

The Bad

1. There was a 20 minute wait, but it ended up being ten minutes... so this might actually fall under the good category. 

2. The waiter got naked and kept asking us to do the cha cha slide.  No, that didn't happen. I just thought i should list more than one thing in my "bad" section. 

Run, don't walk. Honey's is awesome.
It's getting to the point where I quite literally swoon at the mention of Honey's.

After attempting to spend a leisurely day viewing historic Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell (instead all we viewed were historic lines wrapping around buildings) a hunger grew in our belly's. We tried several places in the No.Libs, only to be turned away because they stop serving between lunch and dinner...but not Honey's :) 

Let me compose myself and try to not wax poetic about the amazing Fried Green Tomatoes and Frito Pie. The tomatoes were perfectly battered and served with a garlic ranch to dip into. The chili on the Frito pie was wonderful and could stand on it's own, but why bother when chili has a friend called Frito :) Pickled jalapenos, sour cream, chopped tomatoes, and chopped onions come on the side for your garnishing pleasure. 

So often in our hurry up lives we skip over the noble appetizer list for the safety of a single entree. Well I say variety will enrich your soul!
I love Honey's. Honey's [greater than] Sabrina's. No garnish taking over your plate. An extensive menu at all times of the day. No turning the wait for a table into a cute little activity with stale hot chocolate, just heat lamps outside the door when it's cold. The service is fast and on point. The wait can be a little long, but it will take you even longer to get back in the car and drive to the downgrade of your choice (Oregon Diner, IHOP, Sabrina's, etc.). 

Most importantly, the food is great. Good vegetarian options. The vegetarian Frito chili pie appetizer takes me back to high school football games and my carefree meat-eating days. The latkes are crispy and delicious. My favorites are the breakfast quesadillas and the enfrijoladas. Usually, if huevos rancheros are on the menu, I will order them. But it's nice to have a few similar, but different options here.

I love Honey's. Dig it.
I absolutely hate waiting for a table at restaurants, but Honey's is the only place I'll make an exception for. I've never had anything but breakfast, but the whole menu looks amazing. For 5 bucks, you can get eggs, coffee, toast, and latke, which is awesome, compared to some of the other insanely expensive brunch places in Phila. I've tried the whole wheat pancakes before, and they were amazing (and I'm not a pancake person). The servers have always been very attentive and friendly, constantly checking up on us. Honey's has become my favorite breakfast place - I'll just have to start coming before 10:30 to beat the crowd.
Corner cafe with that is currently offering take out, delivery and outdoor seating -if you can score a table. On a Sunday afternoon Honey's is swarmed with buzzing customers looking to grab biscuits, brisket & bacon. They also make a mean chicken and waffle. Best part about it,  aside from the affordable prices, is the BYOB policy. If you do happen to snag 1 of 3 tables, you are welcome to bring your beverage of choice if your over 21 of course. Food was so good I didn't get a chance to take a picture. If you get there earlier in the morning some combos come with coffee. Do get coffee even if it doesn't.
Wow. Talk about a local joy nugget.
Honey's had a 45 minute wait and there were a ton of people willing to wait that long for breakfast. The GF and I were introduced to Honey's by some of her friends from Philly who warned us of the wait time and said that it would all be worth it in the end. 

Indeed, the fresh squeezed OJ justified every second. I got the Tofu Rancheros, the GF got some eggs with cheese, a fruit salad and a latke. The couple who brought us got the Huevos Rancheros and the Peanut Butter Banana French toast (which was the clear winner at the table).

All of it was good. The portions were large and in charge, and the fresh juice was to die for. The waitress was fantastic (and had abnormally long legs that I think I kept staring at in admiration as I ordered).

The atmosphere is kind of that nice shabby chic with an emphasis on the chic. All the local dykes were there, and some of the waitresses where clearly on our team. Always a good sign.
Based on the reviews, I was expecting to wait forever on a Sunday morning.  After finding parking around the corner, we put our names in and were told the wait would be 30 minutes.  However, we only ended up waiting 20 minutes AND we were able to score a table (one of four) outside.  Yay!

Upon sitting down, we were quickly greeted by our waiter who came with two glasses of water.  Started off with the sticky cinnamon bun special, which was warm, fluffy, and not too heavy.  The pecans on top added a nice crunch.  For my entree, I got the Honey Cristo.  This was definitely the breakfast sandwich of champions!  I really enjoyed the challah french toast.  The amount of double smoked ham was rather generous and it was oozing with Swiss cheese. MmMmMm.  It's always fun cutting into sunny side up eggs and watching the yolk smoother itself on your food, but for me, it wasn't really necessary.  The mixed green salad that accompanied the Honey Cristo was okay, but probably put their so you wouldn't feel half as bad for eating this sandwich.  

I also tried their burger special (sides are separate) and fried green tomatoes.   The burger was super juicy.  The bpatty was huge and I loved the bun, which made the burger that much better.  The fresh jalapenos added just the right amount of heat.  The fried green tomatoes were just okay.  They were lightly battered and crispy, which I liked.  But, I think eating one was more than enough.  Their homemade ranch was delicious, though.  

Service was great.  Out waiter checked on us multiple times and made sure we were happy with our meal.  Honey's was cash only, but they have an ATM inside.
Sugar....awwww honey honey! 

This is a great corner brunch spot! On a lazy Sunday we strolled to Honeys Sit & Eat at the 4th street location for a late brunch. Honeys is a hip-sty cool spot with close seating & fun bar area.
Chalkboard menus adorn the walls with daily specials. Diner glass domes of sweets line the counter along with refreshed coffee cups and chatting locals. 

I love the laid back atmosphere of Honey's. The hostess was friendly and offered menus for kiddos and sat us right away. Our server was as laid back as can be but friendly.

We ordered the well known potato latkes with sour cream. These are fantastic and a must order. Crispy on the outside, squishy potato mash on the inside. My 8 year old devoured his immediately.

La Columbe coffee served here. A++ for that!

Kids had the egg sandwich on brioche bun & single pancake filled with chocolate. Pancakes are huge so for kiddos one is more than enough. My kids polished their plates... Thumbs up from the mini peeps.

My husband had the French toast special which was caramelized coconut & banana. Holy moly.. Yum! Gooey and sweet.

I had the Toad In Hole which was by far my favorite. Hollandaise soaked Challah bread with a poached egg in the center topped with melted Jack cheese and truffle oil. Served with a side of spicy arugula with a tart lemon vinaigrette. To die for. The flavors were amazing together and the portion was just enough. 

Overall good experience. Only downside was we saw a couple come in and they sat so long without being served that they got up & walked out. Sadly they missed out on a crazy good toad in hole!
Well, I've been to this restaurant plenty of times over the last 3 years.  Usually on a weekend and maybe one time during the week for a brunch.  I would suggest going before you get hungry because the wait during brunch hours are significant.  Don't be surprised if you told between a 1-2 hour wait.

The food: I've always appreciated how creative they have been with the brunch meals.  From the flavorful sweet dessert like pancakes and French toast.  And the savory dishes that leave your taste buds smiling.  I've always had way more food left than I can actually eat.  More recently I've noticed the dishes have become more routine and less creative.  The good part about that is that you can always rely on having a good meal but this made honey sit and eat stand out from other brunch spots.  I really hope they go back to their old creative menu ways.

The prices are decent but be prepared to pay in cash since they are cash only.  They are also a BYOB.
This place is the place by which all other brunch joints are measured. Great food. Decent service. Awesome menu. Fresh orange juice. This place is slammin'. wow. No one says slammin any more. But I just did. So yeah, that means you gotta eat here. 

Prepare to wait FOR EVAR!!!! I'd suggest stopping at the foodery and grabbing some chips and Gatorade if your super hungover. You're going to have to wait for a while before you get seated.

Still. The brunch standard in Philly.
My first trip to Honey's was an all-around pleasant experience.  On a warm, sunny Saturday, we were told it would be around a half hour wait, but got seated at a big table after just 15 minutes. Our waiter was friendly and attentive without being obtrusive.  

Our party of 5 all enjoyed their meals.  At a friend's recommendation, I went with the blueberry pancakes and was not disappointed, especially once I realized there were blueberry preserves on the table, which added an extra pop of flavor.  I also ordered a side of veggie sausage (something you don't see that often!), which was small but tasty. 

The food is reasonably priced, but it is cash only so be prepared! The environment inside is homey, but also very loud - it was difficult to hear each other at both ends of our large table. Overall, its a great spot for brunch, highly recommend!
The best grits I have had in my entire life! A couple moons have passed since I stopped in to Honey's and I'm still dreaming of these grits. I was a bit skeptical when the server recommended the monterey jack cheese - he said it gives it a nice small kick. But oh wow! When your grits come out served warm with your cup totally cased in melted cheese (think french onion soup) it is beyond Delicious! My gal pal and I arrived early for the bargain breakfast.We had no wait and paid with cash in hand. (bring it). We got a great seat outdoors and the service was good but I think they were stretched that day running around trying to serve people indoors and outdoors. Well the meal was worth every penny.  Pancakes were fluffy. The Lancaster county meats are incredible and the bacon was out of this world. So fresh. And you have never had a potato latke like this before. I promise. GET THE POTATO LATKE or you will regret it!! The challah is also very good. This is a sure bet for a hearty breakfast - it will pile on the carbs and delight your palette. You'll walk away with a full stomach and want to hire a personal trainer to burn it off but hey...you'll never look back.
One of my favorite places..... ever.  Absolutely delicious/ fresh food.  Love it.  So many options, great dishes, etc...  My favorite for breakfast:  the heuvos rancheros.  yum!  the pancakes are giant and the best i've ever had.  I love the little area towards the back that looks like a dining room.  Go with a small group and sit there....  ahhhh, its the little things that amuse me, i suppose.  

i do wish that it was a few years ago when it didn't get as crowded.... but i am glad that so many people have dipped their forks in this deliciousness....   i basically only go here on weekdays now.  saturdays and sundays are nearly impossible to get in.... and, though the wait is well worth it, i'm just not into waiting.  when i am hungry i'm hungry!!
Ok I get it. I understand why people wait ridiculously long waits to get in the door. If I had the chance to do it again on a 90'+ day with 185% humidity would I? Well, let's just say that if I felt the answer was yes then Honeys would get a 5-star review...instead, we waited almost the full hour estimated by the table host before being called for our seats and my deduction of a star is really based more on the fact that they don't take reservations. Now that's the choice of the restaurant and clearly they don't need a reservation system in place because they'll pack their house all day every day regardless...I found that out as soon as we were seated.

First off the place is adorable...rustic and charming without being kitschy. The counter seating reminded me of a little coffee shop in my hometown and for that alone I give it kudos for conjuring waves of nostalgia. Service was speedy, we were offered water, menus, and coffee within minutes of sitting down at our window table for two. We visited around 1:00 on a holiday where I was able to sleep late and having not eaten yet was torn between ordering breakfast and lunch. Boyfriend almost immediately went straight for the country fried steak with mac and cheese, onion rings and a biscuit while I left it up to our waiter to choose for me between scrambled eggs with lox or a tuna melt. He went with eggs and so I went with eggs but I have to say, I wasn't really in love. Now the latke? That was on point, but I could have had it with any other breakfast dish...something was lacking and just boring about the small amount of chipped salmon amongst dry eggs. Boyfriends lunch on the other hand was awesome, I can't eat that amount of food so I'd never order it for myself, luckily he's a "hear have a bite of this" kind of guy. It makes me think that Honeys is more of a luncheonette type place, or maybe I just picked the one "meh" breakfast option from the whole menu.

All in all, I'd go back again for sure. I want them to prove my breakfast wrong and win me over with something a smidgeon better in their super cute and homey space.
It was so great! And I"m sure I would have given 5 stars but I ordered the wrong things.
The brisket sandwhich was amazing but so fatty and not in the mood for it. My bf got the turkey special ... holy crap, I bogarted half of it and gobbled it down cause it was so "special".
And the peops there... so sweet and nice. I dig Philly hipsters so much more than the ones up here in NYC, they are so nice.
Twas refereshing!
Holy hell. If I could marry this place I would. Only takes cash, which is it's only problem. The breakfast burrito is my fav breakfast. It is HUGE like most of the portions at Honey's. Great coffee. Don't go prime time breakfast sat/sun if you don't want to wait. I have never met anyone who didn't LOVE this place.
I know a lot of Yelpers rave about this place, but my experience was only so-so.  Because of its glowing reviews, we were fine with waiting half an hour.  

I had the Breakfast Bomb - a huge dish with a giant buttermilk pancake folded in half, between which were eggs with homemade turkey sausage.  You get to choose your own breakfast meat, as well as a side.  I had the grits.  I thought both were good, but not a "wow, this is soooo goood" kinda good.  

I also had some of the gravy and biscuit - on my first bite, I thought this was delicious.  There was a strong pepper flavor to it - and I am a big fan of pepper so this was great.  But then I ate an entire biscuit, and thought the gravy was too overpowering to eat as an entire dish.  

Despite the so-so experience, I look forward to re-visiting, because I must be missing something if everyone is jumping and down for a seat at this joint.  I was also too full to try the deep fried banana split, so I'll have to check that off my list next time!
okay, it's official: this is seriously the most overrated place in the neighborhood, and possibly in the city.  

i visited again for breakfast, and again for dinner, just to be sure.  i visited a couple nearby brunch competitors, to compare.  breakfast dishes are average, and dinner dishes are downright awful. 

dinner visit: i had crabcakes to start, and the veggie chili frito pie.  the crabcakes could not have possibly been made with fresh crab.  no flavor and the texture was not good.  not jumbo lump meat, either, which was another disappointment.  i'm a native marylander... i know crabcakes.  the chili in the frito pie was actually terrible.  i don't know how one can possibly go wrong with chili; i make veggie chili at home all the time and it's one of the world's simplest things to make taste good.  this was not good. i removed the cheese layer, pushed the chili aside, and munched on a couple fritos for dinner.  my friends' food did not fare much better, and they are some of the biggest honey's fans around, sharing the same block with them and all.  the meat chili was apparently about as bland as my veggie chili. 

brunch, on another occasion, was nothing to complain about, but nothing special either.  french toast and coffee.  average. 

the staff is very friendly and decor's cute.  i'll give it that.  but waiting in those crazy weekend brunch lines i guess will be something i'll never get.
Chicken fried passion 
Never eat anywhere else 
Stay golden Honey's 

Get some SOUTH in yo MOUTH! 

Honey's has the look and feel of a roadside cafe that once peppered the interstates of the south. Heading up the Natchez Trace from New Orleans to Nashville, pull over and get some fresh fried chicken in a brown paper bag type of place... 

We sat down and were given two menus packed with choices, but there was no doubt from the moment I walked in that I would be putting a Chicken Fried Steak on death row! 

The CFS was perfect. Crunchy and not overly breaded, steak tender enough to cut with my fork...flavourful gravy, not just a goop of white stuff...man, I am making myself hungry! There are many sides to choose from and I went with the Mac n Cheese (a bowl of creamy, cheesy, mac-y, goodness! I swear they melt a pad of butter in the bowl before they deliver it!) and Green Bean Casserole (all freshly made, with the most amazing fried onions on top...I spread the excess of these over my CFS!). 

Things to know: It's all street parking. My friend thinks they don't take cards, I was rolling with cash anyway, but I'll check on this next visit. They pack the tables in, but it's still a small space, so don't be surprised if you have to wait. Be hungry! 

It's been raining for two days now and I still have the biggest smile on my face...amazing what food can do :)
Why people (including myself) will wait over an hour for a table here is beyond me.  The food is average to not so good diner fare.  The decor leaves a lot to be desired too. 

I usually have a lot more to say about restaurants, but this place offers so little it really isn't worth mentioning more.  Go to Rx in West Philly for much better food and faster seating.
There was actually no wait when we went, which is amazing ... but I think even if there was a wait it's totally worth it because everything is delicious. And you will be in a food coma afterwards. And who doesn't like food comas?!

First, the portions are huge, and I mean ... you will not be hungry after, and if you were ... well ... something's wrong!

The servers are a little bit lacking in attentiveness, but that's ok. They come around enough to fill your water after you get your meal. The pancakes ... omg. The eggs ... omg. I got an eggs benedict dish and it was out of this world. Perfectly poached eggs with that creamy hollandaise sauce and some gravy on the side. 

Definitely a comfort food place, so order up that chicken fried chicken & waffles!
Always disappointing. I can't believe people wait in line for this food. Most items seem precooked. The last couple of times at least one or more items were burnt or not properly cooked. My eggs are almost never hot. The hash browns are just bad. They tried to convince me that they were done Jewish Grandma style. Greasy Oxidized potatoes. Sorry but my grand mother would be mortified. Cafe Le Maude is a couple doors down and is amazing. Don't wait in line!
Honestly, I would consider a trip to Philly only to eat here.  This place is hip, local, tasty, amazing, wonderful, omgoooooodness, happy.

I decided to eat for two, not because I'm pregnant, but because I couldn't choose, and I'm on vacation! Right? Of course.

Dish one - Enfrijoladas - tortillas stuffed with scrambled eggs, beas, salsa verda, black bean puree, sour cream, queso fresco, red onions, radishes, and mixed green salad, YES PLEASE.

Dish two - Challah french toast, classic, simple, perfect.

GO, Now. Cash only.
After my breakfast experience here, I've concluded that people only come here to "see and be seen" whilst standing in line, clad in their best hipster attire. 

First of all, our party waited for over an hour to get seated. "It's good breakfast food," people were telling me, "really good." 

The only good thing I ate was their tortilla soup, which was clearly not one of their breakfast foods. Not only did our server screw up my order (I clearly asked for corned beef with my eggs), but the scrambled eggs were Denny's-like and were nothing spectacular. I waited over an hour for that?

I thought undue-hype only existed in Los Angeles. Skip Honey's -- I'm never making it a point to come back here, nor would I recommend it to any of my friends (yes, even to my hipster friends. Hipsters deserve better breakfast food than this).
A review from a pescatarian who doesn't eat eggs and who can never find breakfast food: 

THE GOOD 
I enjoyed this place because not many breakfast places around here have good veggie breakfast options without eggs.  I got the biscuits and gravy with veggie sausage and it was delicious.  The biscuits were fluffy with a little crispiness on the outside and the gravy was fabulous.  I could eat that everyday. 

THE NOT GREAT 
I had the grits and they tasted like instant grits made with nothing but water and they put a slice of cheese on top of it and had the nerve to call it cheese grits.  I eat the grits everywhere I got and my goodness this was the worst batch I've ever had.  

THE UGLY 
Y'all be warned when you come here for brunch on Sunday: It's crowded and the front hostess is not as friendly as you will expect her to be.  My friends and I were sitting in seats inside the restaurant waiting for our table.  We were happy to get seats because there was like one inch of waiting space and it was hot outside.  About ten minutes go past and she looks at as and was like "I'll come get you when your table is ready" and we looked at her like well yes, you will because we put our name on the list.  She literally just stared at us.  We stared back.  She was like "please wait outside and I'll call you when you table is ready, we want to let other people sit here to wait for their table."  We were literally told to go out in the sun and wait for our table after we were sitting there for ten minutes or even more.  I was embarrassed for both of us because surely she couldn't have thought that was the best way to handle a crowded Sunday and I was embarrassed because me and my friends were being put out.  And btw, she never let us come back and sit inside while we waited to get called.  I was not thrilled with that and I probably won't be back because of it.
5 stars for the coffee
4 stars for breakfast
3 stars for lunch
2 stars for wait-times
1 star for being cash-only (seriously, WHY!!??)

I used to go to Honey's for brunch when I lived in Fishtown (3 years ago), or at least I'd attempt to, but usually the wait-times were so long that I ended up going something else. The breakfast foods here are delicious (albeit unhealthy), but you can really get very similar breakfast options from tons of places in the neighborhood. There's truly no need to wait 45 minutes for a table. If you do happen to wait, or if you walk in and there is no wait, you will certainly enjoy your breakfast selections as they are diverse and well-prepared.

Yesterday I got the chance to try them out for lunch, and it was A-OK. The options weren't as varying as they are for breakfast, but they had some solid staples. I opted for the brisket sandwich, which came with sauteed spinach and mushrooms. I also got some Swiss cheese on it, and used plenty of the horseradish sauce that came on the side. The French fries were also good, as they were thin and crispy, just the way I like 'em!

Overall, Honey's is a very trendy place and I find their food to be good, but not amazing enough to endure a long wait.
I sat, I ate - I wasn't that impressed!

We finally made it to this place, expecting nirvana after all the five star rave reviews here and I have to say that while the ambiance and space were utterly charming, the food was nothing to write home about!

One could hardly imagine a cuter place then this vine and flower covered little corner cafe with its happy chatter and cool, funky music pouring out of the open windows.  The wait staff was mostly nice and fairly efficient.

We had to wait about 1/2 hour for our table but did so while happily anticipating the meal.  

I ws so looking forward to the latkes, they sounded delicious!   So disappointing, they were so greasy and even grease aside, just not that tasty.   My biscuit was somewhat hard, not soft and flaky (I had been imaging a place named Honey's would have good biscuits for some reason!) and hubbys challah toast was dried out.  My turkey sausage, mushroom, scallion, cheddar omlette was....ok.   Cooked too well done for my taste and I pulled out about 1/2 the cheese as I was gagging on the huge wad oozing out!    Hubby liked his Eastern omlette which had salmon and cream cheese in it but said it wasn't the greatest thing he ever ate or anything.

So with Food-=2 , Ambiance = 4/5 and Service=3/4 I am giving this place a solid 3.    It's probably worth another shot to go back and try some different things but it didn't impress me enough the first time to make it worth waiting in line for again!
We were fortunate to find a parking spot on a street nearby after just one pass. With how late we started our day, we and other groups ended up waiting down the street at another establishment until the seating host radioed in that our table was ready. Loved the warmth of the sun through the window at my back.

Fried green tomatoes were recommended by one of the bartenders from the night before, so John and I ordered a plate to share around the table. Even our resident anti-tomatoite Kevin found them unoffensive, since they tasted like the fried batter more than the tomatoes themselves. The bed of unwilted organic salad greens served to help drain the residual fryer grease.

The others were content with their food: Julie's two eggs over easy with a biscuit, Ginny's breakfast quesadilla with tofu instead of ham, John's three egg omelet with chorizo, tomato, and cheddar, and Kevin's two giant buttermilk pancakes with bananas and peanut butter chips, plus turkey bacon. I was most jealous of Kevin's plate, largely from my astonishment that each pancake was the size of my head. Thankfully they took it easy on the powdered sugar.

Multiple latkes were ordered and I personally found them just shy of inedible. Potato dominated in texture, and the overall flavor was overwhelmed by the oil they were fried in. I generally enjoy a nice crunchy crust, but I felt that our batch was a bit too aggressively browned. I tried swiping it through the country gravy to improve the taste but eventually gave up on my latke. On the other hand I had no complaints about the full-sized PoBoy. The gently finessed chorizo omelette was folded into thirds. Instead of the traditional fixings, it's topped with a healthy ladling of creamy country gravy. I'm glad they saw fit to toast the open faces of the baguettes, since it kept the bread from getting overly soggy after inevitable gravy exposure. I also knife-and-forked this into manageable handling portions, but was ultimately defeated by the sheer volume of food in front of me.

Three and a half stars. Service was friendly enough, though we had to flag them down by hand for beverage refills once we got our food. Bathrooms acceptably clean. Cash only but the ATM in the corner makes it convenient for the easily forgetful. Cozy diner feel matches the homey food. I feel like this was the Roscoe's of Philly for me. I listened to too much of the hype and ended up with the impression that it was only okay. The food portions are ridiculous, but nothing about my brunch here blew my mind. Clearly I should've gotten the recommended French toast, or Jeb's open-faced biscuit sandwich. Even the burgers I eyeballed at other tables looked tasty. I'd be open coming back here to eat through more of the menu.
Just when I was straying on my old beloved Honey's w/ the new pretty girl on the block -Cafe Estelle. Then Honey's run a Key Lime pie special and my narrow ass comes running back. And Honey's knows how to make a Key Lime pie: it is light, sweet and delicious w/ a perfect graham cracker crust. Plus the beef brisket tacos were pretty damn good too. Although if someone burns one of my pancakes and overfries my latke again he is gonna get cut.
I started off the morning wondering if this place was worth a 45 minute wait. I was hungry, tired, and had an early afternoon train to catch. 

It was worth it.

While the outdoor wait seemed endless, it was hard to not be in good spirits with 55 glorious degrees in January! When we finally got to our table for two, service was friendly, efficient, and the coffee kept on flowing, which makes for an immediate A+ in my book. The french toast of the week was craaazy good. Banana walnut stuffed french toast with goat cheese caramel. Sweet sweetness with a touch of tanginess. Big fat win.

And then there were pancakes. Pumpkin pancakes with apple slices cooked in the batter, and slabs of apple cinnamon butter. O baby, what a treat.

Prices were good, service was great, the ambiance was super cozy and lovely, and luckily I had some cashola in my pocket-- this place don't take no cards!

(there's an ATM in the restaurant, lucky for plastic holders).

I'll be back next time I'm in Philly!
Random menu with huge portions, for very affordable prices.  The staff can range from ornery hipster to friendly hipster, it's a crapshoot. You go here for brunch, and it tends to get packed.  We went late and only had to wait about 20 minutes, which was lovely!

The food was good, whether it was traditional breakfast food or something funkier.  Although I'm not a vegetarian, the place is veggie friendly.  There are also daily specials that change, as well as daily specials on the regular menu. I said the portions are large, and please believe me. You'll certainly not go hungry at Honey's!
Unbelievably fantastic place!!!  We loved it!!!!   Wow.  Everything including the service was amazing!!  Going back this weekend for breakfast!!!!!!
I've come to the realization that 1. Philly doesn't have a lot of yelpers and 2. The food here is nothing to write home about thats why its hard to find good reviews. 

My family and I came here after my Rock 'n' Roll Half Marathon because of all the great reviews. The food was sub par, the order was messed up and the food was warm when it came out. 

I thiught we were gonna be eating good because the pics on yelp looked delicious and the place was PACKED!

The establishment is small itself. So we ate outside to avoid a long wait. The picnic table and chairs barely had enough space to house all our plates and cups. The hostess and servers where polite and did everything they could to write the wrongs but the food just wasn't good enough to make it all better.

Will not be coming back. Try it for yourself and see.

BY THE WAY, i forgot to mention it was cash only so i had to incur and ATM fee to pay. Not a good look!
Oh boy. I think Honey's might just be my new favorite. I've wanted to have a meal here for the past few weeks, and I can't believe I waited that long! A good friend described Honey's to me as "Southern-Jewish soul food." I think that description is spot on!
We decided to go for breakfast on a Saturday. It was around noon, and we wound up waiting about 30 minutes. Trust me, the wait is worth it! First, the coffee is really good. Often times restaurants do not know how to brew a proper cup of coffee, but I was pleased with what I got (ps the coffee is bottomless!). I had a pancake with berries, a potato latke, and some bacon. I was soo stuffed! My dining companions both had omlettes, and they loved everything on the plate. The corn muffins were awesome. Everything was awesome.
The waitstaff is really friendly and quirky. We didn't have to wait for anything. We sat outside, which was really nice because the inside was kind of sweltering. The interior was really cute, though, and I think it would be perfect in the fall/winter.
The menu is really diverse, which makes me want to go back for more! I just might have to try everything.
The gushing over Honey's absolutely  is warranted.  Dear friends shared this NoLibs charmer with us, and we owe them an eternal debt of gratitude!  Indeed, over several visits, we have explored a substantial portion of the breakfast menu and look forward to further exploration.   

Truth be told, we are hooked by any place that serves freshly brewed La Colombe coffee,  La Colombe is a dowsing rod for good eats!   

On our most recent visit, Mr. M had the huevos rancheros.  He craves Honey's version and is regularly disappointed by other versions.   He had his goosed up with chorizo, apparently the sausage of the gods, and recommends this tweak to all.  

My enfrijoladas were spectacular:  the bean purée was perfectly seasoned and creamy, the scrambled eggs were firm yet 
moist and the salsa verde gives Jose Garces' a run for the money.  The bouquet of vinaigrette-dressed micro greens was so delicious that I could have eaten an entire bowl of them.  

We love the steampunk vibe of the place and found the service to be quite good.  Someone refilled our coffee cups every ten minutes or so, a key to a great breakfast.  Do go early if you can.   The lines can be long and annoying during prime breakfast time.   Enjoy!!!
Several months ago, Honey's would have gotten 4, maybe even 5 stars from me. My best friend and I would meet up there for lunch on a very regular basis. She became increasingly dissatisfied with the food and although I've been ok with the food (I almost always order off the breakfast menu), my peeve is the service. I don't know if it's disorganization, laziness or inexperience, but it got to the point where I will no longer go there. I've spent a lot of time in the service industry and know that these things happen...generally on weekend brunch or other peak times - I'm talking about pre/post lunch rush on a Tuesday. Quick list of things we experienced: extended wait after being seated (several times), drinks orders that would never show, requests for refills that didn't happen, water/busser person being incompetent, and the last time we were there the server forget to put in our order (or purposely put in other tables ahead of us because they looked professional, it was all I could think of...we might not look like suits sweetheart but we have real jobs with real lunch hours too)....uh I'm blanking on stuff now but that's a start. Sad, because i did love it so. Oh well.
I'd have to agree with Eva H. The long waits, inconsistency of refill when packed inside-just for coffee & water -ridiculous!! The couple times went there, waited like 50-1 hour & 1/2. Not like the food was worth the wait, like Sabrina's. Rustic inside, the servers cant handle the crowds, once food out, you may never see them again-refill??! What refill. I didn't like it,if your a savory person, egg rancheros,etc..maybe but even Cafe Lift, quicker then that, I  dont need to wait over 1 hour, Hell Could have went to NY by then. Not the best, not the worst, but not going back.
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! 
The staff were so nice! I have never ate somewhere two times for two meals in one day! Breakfast was so good. I had a salmon omelette for breakfast and it was the best omelette I have ever had. I loved the potato latke too!! 

I ate outside for dinner and had turkey meatloaf, mac and cheese and spinach. I also had cake which was perfect!

I love this place. I will never forget 4th and Brown!
One of the most iconic brunch places in Philadelphia. We opted for the honey Christo with the two sunny side eggs on top of the challah French bread. We were able to substitute the meat with veggie sausage as recommended by the server and it was still amazing. We also opted for Philly's pride - bottomless La Colombe of course!

They also serve the local Lancaster bassets ice cream. I added a side of green avocado salad for something nutritious however the entire meal was pretty guilt free despite the portions being so large. The prices are reasonable as always but the service blew everything out of the water! Our second dish was the famous hueveos rancheros- with tofu. Like I mentioned above a Philly classic, can't go wrong with it.
I'm not sure what took me so long to eat here! We arrived to a 30 minute wait (not as bad as I expected) and strolled around the neighborhood for a while, appreciating the amazing weather. They called our name and led us to an outside table, which having been given the option we probably would have declined, but ended up making our experience that much better. The drink selection alone could have given the meal an A+... fresh squeezed grapefruit and orange juice and I had the lime aid... SO GOOD!! My friends went for the normal breakfast foods and could not stop talking about how great everything was and I went for the tuna wrap. It was HUGE! Definitely twice the size of what I was expecting, which rocked because I got to have the rest for dinner. Challah!
Good food, not great, very friendly people.  I like this place but I feel like this place is probably overrated by the hipster/vegan/vegetarian crowd.  It's a diner in an old building.  The menu was huge, but really it was breakfast.  We went for lunch after getting out of class.  I got the breakfast bomb, it was an egg and a breakfast meat (I chose their homemade sausage (tasted like sausage)) inside a buttermilk pancake with a starch on the side.  After reading so much about them, how could I not chose the latka.  The latka was excellent, everything I was promised!  I was starving though and thought the portions could have been bigger.
My dining partner ordered hot chocolate and the deep fried chicken fingers.  I ended up finishing them.  The portion was more than enough for one person.  Quality white meat chicken, homemade breading.  I could see this dish as a keeper.  But it came with hush puppies and to be frank, they were the best part.  After writing this review it's dawned on me that perhaps the best part of Honey's is their sides.  That's something to think about...
We decided to share a fried banana split for desert, it was pretty amazing.  The banana was deep fried with a soft dough, think corn dog instead of KFC Original Recipe.

Why would a place like this not accept credit cards?  Is it because they own the ATM in the corner of the restaurant and want to bank the surcharge?  Who cares, I payed cash.  With a twenty to be exact and for some reason there was some trouble splitting the bill.  The waiter couldn't separate the checks evenly.  We both payed with a twenty.  It was not higher math.  He had bills for change in his pocket like a parking attendant.  This added to my confusion.
One last thing to note, this place did not seem especially clean, not especially unclean, just a little scuzzy.  Maybe it's because I just came from the hospital, but I just got the feeling like there could have been more hand washing and mopping.   I'm also a fan of a clean head of hair from the people I buy food from.  Oh, and one server has a hole in the armpit of his shirt.
I know this review won't make me popular, but after all I heard about Honey's I just wasn't overly impressed.  Perhaps I hold diners to high standards.  I'd go back, but never on the weekend.
You know the feeling you get loosing your virginity? Well, let me rephrase that.. the feeling MEN get the first time loosing their virginity! :)

At brunch this past Sunday I tasted HEAVEN in my mouth for the very first time!!

Honey Sit-N-EAT is phenomenal! 

Hands down the best breakfast I have ever had in my life, and let me tell you.. this little Taste Bud Diva has had a tremendous amount of breakfasts/brunches for the past 10 years out in the city streets of New York, Chicago & Boston.

If I could seriously put together my top 4 or 5 favorite things and combine them into a brunch dish...it would be EXACTLY what I had at Honey's Sit-N-Eat!

Let me paint a pretty picture for you...

-BEEF BRISKET (Tender, pull apart juicy) with Smoked Cheddar Cheese, onions, etc in an Omelet.

- Cheese & Onion.. crispy, filling, fat POTATO PANCAKE

- Side of sweet sweet, home made cinnamon apple sauce

- Side of creamy rich real Sour Cream

- A HUGE perfected, buttery, grandma's in South Carolina style Buttermilk Biscuit!!!

Do I seriously need to say anymore?!

They had many other tempting sweet options on their specials menu such as pumpkin pancakes, peanut-butter stuffed french toast.. and the list goes on.

Can it get ANY better that they also use all Locally Grown & Organic foods?!

Ok, I just need to stop with this review now... the puddle of drool beneath my chin is starting to overflow onto my shoes. 

Honey's Sit-N-Eat is forever my to go spot for Breakfast or Brunch whenever I am in the Philadelphia area. Don't let the wait push you away. I think I'd wait at least 3 hours for a seat at Honey's. 

I have problems... I already know this. ;-)
Nestled in a cute residential community in the Northern Liberties area, Honey's draws crowds from far and near for breakfast and lunch. I learned of this place from reading a review by my Yelp Buddy, Ju L. It's not fancy by any means, but we liked it. Since it was a rather balmy Nov. day, the Hubby and I opted to eat outside to avoid a 30 min wait. There was a space heater above us to ward off any chill. First thing I ordered was the silverware was really clean.  Hubby ordered the creamed chipped beef and I got a short stack of pancakes and fruit cup. We enjoyed both meals.  The chipped beef looked and tasted a bit different than we make it in Maryland, but it was still tasty--Philly style! My pancakes had a good flavor and the fruit was very plentiful with lots of fresh berries.  I did go inside to use the restroom snd I will say it was jam packed in that small dining area. They do have an outside window for carry out orders which is convenient. 
A solid experience!!!
It wasn't anything grand. It wasn't shltty.

I had a Turkey burger special and the mac n' cheese. My homegirl had a grilled chicken sammy & the mac n' cheese. OK, I'm from the south and I know in my heart of hearts that my mac n' cheese is better than this velveeta induced slime. This is not soul food aka "Southern Cooking." I bet they measure everything out. That's not how southern cooking works. My server (Erin) was chill but nothing to go back in & request her. I was a bit insulted how she tossed my change over my shoulder. I really don't get the hype about this place. It's cool if you want something and are drunk or don't want to cook, but I really don't get all the rave reviews given to this place.

Jewish cooking, OK give it all the stars in the world. As far as Southern... please ask my "gran'gran's" or one of her friends (or even ME) to let you how it's done correctly, because you are slacking... on the real!
I don't care what anyone says.  Brunch at Honey's is definitely worth the wait.  Every single thing about this place is inviting.  The staff.  The menu.  The decor. The cozy arrangement of the tables.  

I have never had a bad experience here.  The staff is always stellar (which is nice, since people can get grumpy when they wait over an hour to be seated).  Also, the place is adorable.  It's a small space but they do a very good job fitting in a decent amount of tables. It helps that it's well lit and the ceilings are high enough that you don't feel cramped. 

But I'll let you in on a little secret.  I would eat here even if Honey's was in an actual barn and the service matched.  You know why?  The special french toast.  I can't wait until it's summer, again, just so I can order the peaches and cream french toast.  I had them over a month ago and I'm still salivating over them.

I certainly plan on becoming a regular, and I know I'm not alone in this.
I'm not sure why it gets such high reviews. You wait an hour to eat very average food. The brisket tacos were pieces of brisket on four tortillas. The french toast was literally plain bread with no condiment or sauce. The only thing that stood out was a biscuit. Sad.
Definitely one of the best breakfasts I've had in a long time!! We came here on a Saturday morning and somehow lucked out with no wait at all for the group of 5 of us. We were greeted immediately by our server and served fresh coffee right away. All of the staff seemed to be helping each other out and were working together by topping off coffees, checking in on each other's tables, etc., so the service was excellent. 

There were so many delicious options on the menu, it was a tough call on what to order. We decided to order the orange ricotta pancakes (one of the specials) for the table to share as an appetizer. These were so tasty and enjoyed by everyone. For my main dish, I went with Jeb's open faced biscuit sandwich. It absolutely hit the spot! Two fried eggs & veggie sausage on fluffy, buttery biscuits topped with gravy. Savory, filling, home cooked goodness!! I can't tell you how nice it was to be able to order something like this as a vegetarian. I had the latke as my potato side, and that did not disappoint either. My 5 year old ordered a chocolate chip pancake and a side of bacon, both of which he devoured and thoroughly enjoyed. 

Hands down... the best meal I had while visiting Philly! Can't wait to come back!
Delicious menu items with a touch of Northern Liberties flare.  Needs more out door seating.
I just realized that my previous review of Honey's was only four stars and this gave me the sads. How could my favorite place only have a measly four star rating? Wtf? I love Honey's. The food never fails to satisfy, the service is standard and on-point and the big blue frosted plastic tumblers they serve the soda in are where it's at. 

I've also recently discovered the blueberry compote after years of resistance. SO GOOD! Since my partner in eating meals works mornings on the weekend, we rarely make it out for their brunch anymore and usually stop in for the underrated dinner menu. The vegetarian chicken fried steak is my jam and I always have enough for breakfast the next day. Plus it comes with a biscuit made for slapping blueberry compote upon. Love it. Five stars forever.
So I have heard a lot about Honey's, it has been on my list of places to try for what seems like forever. Because I now have a Sabrina's in my neighborhood, why would I go anywhere else, right? Wrong. Oh so, so wrong. I am now a convert to the Church of Honey's Sit-N-Eat because, with the exception of perhaps my grandmother's bacon and eggs, I had the best breakfast of my life there on Saturday. What is served at Honey's is beyond comfort food, it is mother food. 

Upon walking in to put our name on the list, the smell was intoxicating. The restaurant is small, warm and homey. The wait for 4 was 45 minutes, so we went to get some tea down the street. 

We were offered coffee even before we were seated, pretty sweet. I meant to try the grapefruit juice, it is too hard to find fresh squeezed juice these days. I had the omelet with brisket, cheddar, tomato and caramelized onions, plus a latke and a biscuit. My boyfriend had the chicken-fried steak, which was great. My yankee stomach had never experienced this dish or white gravy. I was a bit wary, but it was so tender and not too greasy. I'm still not totally sold on white gravy, I really think it just isn't my thing. 

Over all, everything was amazing, but the biscuit was my favorite part. I can't make biscuits for the life of me, they always end up like hockey pucks. But Honey's are tender, flaky and delicious. I could probably eat an entire pile of them, especially with the (obviously homemade) jam on the table.

I was surprised I didn't feel greasy after I left, like I do after most heavy brunches. But I did only manage to eat half my meal and had the rest for dinner. At home, I had to be on the defense against my boyfriend and our two cats, all vying for what was left of the biscuit. 

I can't wait to go back. I want to try everything on the menu.
I have been drooling over Yelp reviews for Honey's for months.

After a quick ride on the El, my friend and I arrived at Honey's a little after 2 pm.  We waited 25 minutes for a small 2-top next to the entrance.

We were offered coffee almost immediately, and the refills kept on coming.  Before we had a chance to look at the overwhelming menus our waiter stopped by to see if we had any questions.  For any vegetarians out there - the refried beans are veggie friendly, and the meatless sausage is from Morningstar Farms.  

Torn between the huevos rancheros and the enfrijoladas with veggie sausage I turned to our server for advice - enfrijoladas it was.  My friend ordered the special turkey club.  Her sandwich was piled high & came with a generous portion of fresh cut fries.  She was sensible and took half home.  I was less reasonable and scarfed my meal down.  

I loved having both Sriracha and Frank's hot sauce readily available on the table.  I only wish I had ordered pancakes to test out the blueberry preserves.  Oh well, I have a feeling I'll be back in no time.
I have been patronizing Honey's since 2006. It is absolutely one of my favorite places to eat in the entire world.

I have eaten nearly everything off of the menu, and I have had all wonderful experiences. Even things I said I wouldn't order again, I appreciated and enjoyed. 

I tried to list my favorite dishes and ended up typing most of the menu.

This is a wonderful place and I honestly have nothing bad to say. The staff is always extremely attentive (even when the place is swamped). 

My litmus test for a restaurant: order take out and see if the portions are the same and the food is fresh. I have ordered takeout several times and the food was just as good as dining in. They did not skimp on the food and the same level of love/care was put into it.

Eating here is ALWAYS a delight.
I love Honey's! It's a great place to brunch, or just grab some lunch. 

For breakfast/brunch, consider trying the honey's platter with French toast. The tofu scramble is also delicious! 

The blackened mahi sandwich is a safe bet as a lunch option.
I've wanted to try this place out for years. 

Definitely worth the wait and all the hype. 
Their food is amazing. 

Our Party of 5 got seated for breakfast in about 20min (was expecting 35-40) we got waited on quickly and our food came out fast as well. I really enjoyed how they have a person going around with a coffee pot constantly giving refills. I took advantage of the never ending refills.

I could go on and on about just how good everything was but the other Yelp reviews pretty much already took care of that ! 

Every Item we've had was really good. From the homemade corn muffins to the fresh squeezed orange juice... bacon,ham. You get the idea. 

Btw grab some cake to go. 
Their Chocolate cake is to die for.
my father doesn't live in the city.  it appeared many other fathers did not make the jaunt here either, because there was no wait.  on a sunday.  fo' reals.

and all i hafta say is.... latke.  latke.  latke.
perhaps chase it with a huevos rancheros.

then you won't need to eat for another day.
The food was great. I got the tofu scrambled "eggs" which were delicious and satisfying. My friends got variations of their heuvos rancheros (sp?). I had bites of each and I have to say that everything that we ate that morning was very good and satisfying.

We sat out on the porch and while the servers were attentive, their visits were few and far between. It ended up being really difficult to get more water while I was sitting in direct sunlight.

Also, this is one of those places that I wouldn't mind going back to if I could just figure out what times the place is the least busy.
I can't stop thinking about the huevos rancheros at Honey's! 

I came here with a few friends in the afternoon after shopping at the Brooklyn Flea Market. We were seated instantly (since we arrived at an awkward hour). I didn't think the menu appeared to be that inventive compared to some of the other brunch places in Philly, perhaps because I'm more partial to two kinds of brunch options--sweet and fruity or Mexican--and the menu seemed sparse on both. Though I guess they're not trying to be or selling themselves as inventive. Most of the options were pretty standard fare--my friends ordered a biscuit and eggs, an omelette, and a pancake wrapped around eggs and bacon. I decided on huevos rancheros but was unpleasantly surprised when I learned that it did not come with guacamole and in fact that adding guacamole would cost $4. Even more ridiculous than Chipotle. I was briefly indignant about this injustice, but my displeasure was short-lived once my entree arrived.

The huevos rancheros had nice and crispy tortilla chips in the center, topped with black beans, rice, shredded pepper jack cheese, a fried egg, and a large roasted red pepper on top. Surrounding this centerpiece were small piles of jalapeno peppers, sour cream, and a salad of julienned lettuce, tomatos, and onions. All the ingredients tasted fresh and light, and the runny yolk really tied the whole dish together and made me forget about the lack of guacamole (cost-effective strategy on their part, huh?) The dish was a nice portion size and felt light and refreshingly healthy, which is hard to say about most huevos rancheros dishes I've had. Loved the combinations of textures. Will definitely be back to order this again sometime very, very soon.
I went on Sunday, October 16, 2011. The wait was long (45 min), but we decided to wait because we heard the food was really good. The food was really good, and the portions were huge. Service was great. 

I had the french toast, bacon and potato latke, and my husband had the chicken fried steak, eggs, and grits. The food was fresh, hot, and very good. Also, if you like orange juice, order a large. It was freshly squeezed in this massive contraption behind the bar, and simply delicious! 

We sat inside, but I did see people eating at the outside tables. I recommend everyone waiting and sitting inside. They were doing some construction next door to the restaurant, and the outside seating area smelled like a sewer. The people sitting outside didn't seem to notice, but the smell was awful.
I haven't been to Honey's in awhile because every time I pass it's always packed and the line out the door... and it's for good reason. We came on a weekday and the line situation was much better. It was still packed though, but definitely not as busy as the weekends. We managed to snag a seat before the lunch rush, and this was definitely a treat for lunch! I can't believe I get to have Honey's for lunch on a weekday! I had the Honey's Platter and my husband had the Honey's Cristo. The pancakes were plain pancakes and super fluffy. I wish I had requested chocolate chip pancakes but I didn't know I had the option, I will next time though. The sausage I had was soooo good, it was not your typical breakfast sausage and was cooked in a teriyaki-type-but-not sauce, and I wished I could have more of it. The home fries were also delicious. I don't usually finish my home fries and I'm used to Green Egg's roasted potatoes with peppers/rosemary, but these potatoes are on a whole other level. And this is why Honey's is always packed, because their food is just that good.
in this humble guy's opinion they serve some prettydamndelicious comfort foods... i have pretty much tried everything on the menu since i base my eating habits off that lil japanese guy that eats all dem nathan hotdogs... the reuben, buffalo burger w/bacon, soups/chili and numerous sides (gb casserole, mac/ cheese etc) top my list along with the desserts... the crab cake is a wee bit small for this fatasstrappedinalittle man's body and i have had better hummus at most middle eastern restuarants, but  no one is perfect ... some people complain its expensive for breakfast ... but they buy everything local so i think an extra $ or 2 is worth it when everything is fresh and delicous..  if u want a cheap breakfast get a flatten dog turd on a pillsbury biscuit at the Mickey D's down girard while i eat one of their money omletes.. only cash but it is a byob so everyone is happy in the end and the world is well .. plus they have a waiter that rocks a mets jersey..do not come here on the weekend brunch hours unless you do not value your time cuz there is gonna be a long wait.
This place is unreal - I;ve been there for breakfast and lunch and every meal has been amazing. The turkey club must have a half pound of turkey on it! Insane portions - amazing food. Just be careful on the weekends the wait can get pretty long.
I really like Honey's.  I like it so much that I venture to Northern Liberties just for brunch sometimes.  I've even been there for dinner -- Twice!  

Though I do love me some Honey's...  I have gotten to the point of refusing to go on a weekend during prime brunch hours.  Then again, I might refuse to go for brunch on the weekend at all ever again.  It's a huge pain in the toush to wait THAT long for breakfast.  I don't know about you, but I'll admit something here... I'm a huge jerk when I'm hungry.  It's not intentional and frankly, I wish I could make it stop...  but I can't.  Thus, I can not wait over an hour for the first meal of my weekend days.  

Waiting time aside (which, I repeat, is AWFUL), the food is great.  The portions are big and the selection is huge.  I've been there and ordered three entrees between two people, as it's tough to make a decision.  The whole wheat pancakes with granola and berries are really good.  I love the breakfast burrito and the enfijoladas (with veggie sausage or chorizo = yum).  I've also tried the patty melt (burger smushed inside a grilled cheese with some onions for those who don't know) and the regular grilled cheese.  I've also had a bite (or three) of my boyfriend's chicken cheese steak wrap and it was really fresh and well made.  I went last week for dinner and ordered the fried-green-tomato with micro greens and mozzerella as an appetizer.  It was an amazing spin on a typical mozzerella&tomato salad.  

The desserts look good, though I've only tried the carrot cake.  The cake itself is very good, but the icing was a bit off.  "Maple cream cheese" frosting just isn't necessary.  Stick with the plain cream cheese frosting and you won't go wrong...  the maple aspect was just weird.  

Maybe if we all boycott one weekend and don't go to Honey's for brunch, then the trend will stop and we can be happy once again with less-than-20-minutes of waiting.  Just a thought.  Other suggestions are welcomed.
Mmmmm... just reading "Honey's Sit-N-Eat" makes my mouth water.  Despite that I don't visit too often, I love, love, love this place, but I urge that getting there early is the key to truly loving it.  Otherwise, you might get a little resentful and that's no good.  Then again, once you take the first bite, the resentment will melt like bacon in your mouth.

The past few times I've been, I can't seem to order anything but the enfrijoladas... perfectly cooked eggs and beans in soft, toasty tortillas, topped with radish, clover, and sour cream.  Delicious.  That said, there are some other classics that are worth a try, like the corn bread, the fried green tomatoes and fried okra, the whole wheat pancakes, and the omelets.

The best things about this place: the servers (so nice, patient, and friendly) and the orange juice (fresh squeezed and sweet).
If I had one day to live and got to pick somewhere for brunch, it would be Honey's. There are very few places that I would wait over an hour to eat. This is one of them. 

OR!! You could go after 3 o'clock and not have to wait long at all, they do serve breakfast all day. 

Let's talk about the food, because that's why you're on yelp anyway, right?

Likes:
+ Breakfast PoBoy - Not your typical meat, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich. The gravy is why this sandwich is so good. 
+ Potato Latke - You can NOT say anything BAD about the Latkes. Go ahead, I dare you. Crispy, warm, and flavorful. If there are two diners getting this, one should get the sour cream and the other, apple sauce. I'm not sure if this is new, but they started charging 50 cents for a dipping sauce? 
+ Jeb's Open Faced Biscuit Sandwich - Substituted the veggie sausage with turkey sausage. It's like the PoBoy but on a flaky biscuit and some runny yolk. 
+ Beef Brisket - Tried this non-breakfast item for dinner once. It was very tender and tasty. 

Kind of like:
+ Eggs Benedict - Not the best eggs benny I've had, but not the worst either. The hollandaise sauce was not very hollandaisy. The challah bread that it's served on was very good, though. 

Doesn't like:
+ Jewish Apple Cake - Too dense for me. 

Enjoy!
Southern Jewish Soul Food Heaven!!  This is a weekly weekend brunch destination.  Go before 9:30 or after 12:30 for no waits.

EDIT:  A little birdie told me that Honey's is now open for dinner and it's delish!! M-F only for now  (This majorly ups the Honey's ante--I've eaten here 3 times in one week!!!)
Finally got to experience brunch at Honey's!!!!!
The last time the bf and I wanted to eat here, we did a drive by while simultaneously calling to check the wait and it was LOOOOONG.  Soo that was a no go.
Thankfully, the Philly food gods were on our side on our second attempt.  Good thing too cause a friend was visiting from Cali and was able to join us for a wonderful brunch here.   We arrived around 11am and surprisingly only had to wait about 5 mins.  Good turnover timing!

Our server made their specials sound mouth-watering so we decided to get all our food off their specials menu board. (Look up, it's written on the chalkboard overhead)

The three of us shared everything:
Brisket and Grits
Southwest Salad
Pecan Pie Pancakes
Roasted Brussels Sprouts side

They definitely don't skimp on the portions and all of it was more than enough to fill our bellies.   If they have the brisket and grits on the menu, you MUST get these!!  It's comfort food for sure and so worth it!!  The meat is juicy and tender and oh man...that sauce with grits I could eat it by the spoonful!

Massive portion of chicken with the salad.  I was iffy about the char on the outside, but the chicken wasn't dry and the char was from all the spices.  Combine that with the freshness of the salad and it was perfection.  The salad had so much going on that it needed little to no dressing.  If you're looking for something healthy, this is the way to go - mixed greens, quinoa, avocado, tomato, radishes.. yummmm!! 

As far as pancakes go, I think the last time I had pancakes was about a decade ago.  Not because I don't like them, but because I've been on a never-ending french toast expedition to find the best of the best.  But OH MY.... them pancakes made me ask myself "why have I gone so long without pancakes?!"  What a wonderfully sweet ending to brunch.  

Service was up to par.  My coffee cup never went empty, so that is always a win.
Really love the space and the crowd is chill.  We definitely came at a perfect time because the entrance was packed as we were leaving.

Philly food gods, when I come back for french toast, could you help us again?  Please and thank you!!
As a Honey's regular I can say for sure that the food is definitely worth the wait.  Not only do they have some really interesting choices (try the enfrijoladas with chorizo, trust me), but they've also got the standards down cold when it comes to breakfast.  Huge omelets and pancakes are delicious, but the latkes are the best thing on the menu in my opinion.  Get there before 9 unless you're willing to wait, and keep an eye on the counter for empty seats to open up.
Best pancakes in Philadelphia! Probably the biggest too... there is a plethora of fruits, nuts, and other "toppings" that they will cook into your pancakes. If I lived around here, I would get pancakes here every weekend with a side of the buttery biscuits and homemade preserves. The weekend crowds can be a bummer though... long waits in the cold aren't very fun.
My search for additional brunch restaurants to add to my list never ends. It was long overdue, but I finally made my way to Northern Liberties to have brunch at Honey's. I went on a Friday afternoon and the place was pretty packed. My first thought was, "do people not work?" but then I guess everybody had the same idea to take off and go to Honey's like I did.

One of the specials for that day was Pumpkin Pancakes with cinnamon butter, pecans and Granny Smith apples. It was absolutely delicious. My wife ordered the Honey Cristo, which is literally a French Toast sandwich, with smoked ham and Swiss cheese in between two slices of Challah French Toast and topped with two sunny side eggs. Drizzle a little bit of maple syrup and your tongue and stomach will thank you.

There's so many other items on the menu that I plan to try this year. I'm already looking forward to my next visit.
Great potato Latke. Cash Only. BYOB.

We went at peak brunch time and only waited 5 minutes for a table for two (eventhough they told us it was going to be 20 minutes). The place is pretty small so usually there will be a small wait. The menu was pretty long - I love variety! I ended up getting the "Honey's Platter" which came with pancakes, eggs, a meat selection and a choice of potato. The total price was $13 for that entrée which is thought it was slightly pricey compared to most brunch spots and for a standard breakfast platter. The portions were pretty standard. The quality of the food was nothing to rave about, the eggs were a little bland and did not exactly taste super fresh so I dumped a lot of salt and pepper on them. The pancakes were pretty decent - glad I added blueberries on them! The one item and absolutely loved was the Potato Latke. That was one of the best potato latke my taste buds have come into contact with in a long time. It was cooked to perfection - the exterior was nice and crispy and filled with fluffy and mouthwatering potato. I highly recommend it.
When I think about my favorite places to eat breakfast, the same factors play into a great spot to eat.   On weekdays, from 8-10am, $5 will get you coffee, toast or a corn muffin, two eggs, and potato latke.  I've only been to Honey's for breakfast, but the lunch menu looks excellent as well.  Honey's has a great regular menu, and also has a large offering of revolving specials.

Honeys has probably the best service out of any place I go to in the city.  The servers share tips, so they all pitch in to serve all of the tables.  You'd be hard pressed to find an empty coffee cup in the whole place.  Everyone who works at Honey's is pleasant; it's a great place to start your day.

If you head to Honey's on the weekend, be prepared to wait for a table.  On nicer days, you can sit outside, which is great.  Honey's also provides coffee for you while you wait, which is a trend I wish would catch on at brunch spots where you're guaranteed to wait a while for a table.  I've been to Honey's many times, and I'm going to keep going back for many mornings to come.
There's a reason why so many people love this place and think their food is amazing...that's because it's an easy place to love with amazing food!

I came here with a bunch of friends who were visiting for a Saturday brunch.  This place is always crowded, but fortunately, I live close enough that we walked over, put our name in, and then hung out at the house for a bit.  They don't take reservations and there's no alcohol, but their food and atmosphere definitely make up for it.

It has an old-school diner vibe, with a very large and open dining area.  The tables are close together, but surprisingly, you can enjoy a meal with your group without hearing other people.

My friends have a baby, and he was there with us, and they were very accommodating.  They're probably used to babies and kids, but it's nice to see that not only were the staff pleasant and helpful, but others inside the restaurant didn't mind that we had a baby with us.

Our waiter was a nice guy and started us off immediately with water and coffee.  I got the Breakfast Bomb and that was the bomb.  It's a huge buttermilk pancake calzone, with eggs inside.  You get to pick your mornin' meat and I got the veggie sausage, which was grilled perfectly and super flavorful.  It was a great compliment with the eggs and pancake - a perfect blend of savory and sweet (added syrup on top).  This thing had all the deliciousness you would want in a breakfast platter.  I got the regular home fries (with peppers and onions) and they were pretty good, but I'd recommend the latke - that was good (my friend got it).

They have so many great items on their menu that I'll definitely be back often to try other things.  There's also plenty of options for vegetarians which is fantastic.
I ordered a salmon plate and it had sliced olives instead of capers on it, what the hell is up with that? You're out of capers, take your 9 million dollars from selling french toast to fat families and send a dude to superfresh. Only in Philadelphia would a successful business not fire everyone in the kitchen for a ridiculous substitution on a common menu item. And if that wasn't a mistake, and that's the way that they serve salmon, then that's worse.
My feelings for Honey's Sit-N-Eat are complicated. I will go back over and over and over even though the food I order is never all that spectacular. The "summer-camp-mess-hall" ambiance appeals to me BIG TIME (likely because I never actually got to go to summer camp) - almost everything in the joint is re-purposed, found or recycled. The dedication to using ingredients grown/produced locally is also close to my heart. The staff is down to earth (meaning: NOT snobby, despite their edgy/hipster image).

But, despite my love for the place, I HAVE to knock a star from its review because of the food. The staff tells me I'm ordering the wrong thing (again - down to earth!), so, note: do not order the chicken friend steak (long time guilty pleasure) or the avocado shrimp salad (might not be on the menu anymore, actually). I CAN, however, attest to the awesomeness of their: cornbread muffins, mac and cheese and potato salad. 

Seriously, try it. It's a fun place and, based on some other reviews, the likelihood that you'll order something delish is still good.
