I've come to like honeygrow a bit more over the past year or so. The machines can still be a little finicky at times but nothing like they were when I wrote my last review. I love being able to customize my salad to my exact needs without annoying anyone in the process. The ingredients are always fresh and I love the dressing options (I usually opt for one of the vinaigrettes). This is one of my go-to spots for a healthy salad. The juices are solid as well.

I do hate the bowls they use, because if you cut your salad, the bowl will topple over and your ingredients will go flying and you will rage. You. Will. Rage. For this reason, I usually transfer my salad to a sturdier bowl at home. 

Fresh. Healthy. Friendly employees. Worthy of an upgrade to four stars.
"HONEY, GROW UP!" 
This review is so overdue but here goes!

As a fan of this humble farm-to-fork spot, I say that you'll never look at stir fry the same again. Honey grow, offers some suggested mind-boggling options of flavorful stir-fry, and satisfying salads. Some find it a bit expensive for a "quick-serve" stir fry, especially when you customize your own, but once you try a handful of freshly-made noodles, made by some hipster staff, that'll guarantee you an instant mood booster.
Extra notes on the side:
- I love ordering on the touch screen. It is awesome. 
- Gluten and vegan-friendly, for the most.
- I have tried, almost, every suggested choice on the menu, and I also created some of my own. My favorites are the sesame garlic, and spicy garlic stir-fry.

Yum-Yum!
Four and Half Yelps.
To me Honeygrow is a good option for a quick healthy (hopefully) meal when in Philly  This locally based chain also utilizes as many local ingredients as possible which is good for the carbon footprint of what I am eating. The Honeygrow in the heart of Center City Philly is the one I use the most.  Their Walnut Street Noodle Salad is my favorite.  This consists of whole wheat noodles with arugula, roasted broccoli, roasted walnuts, and parmesan crisps topped by a walnut lemon dressing.  They have condiments you can add including Sriracha and a Hoisin sauce.  Service was friendly and though it is very popular, it's possible to get a table if you just wait a few minutes.  It would be even easier to obtain a table if they had more space and a separate area for people who are only waiting for their takeout orders and often sit down at an empty table. 
Note - you do have the option on the ordering tablet of building your own salad or stir fry by choosing all the ingredients ... but sometimes I don't feel like making any more decisions in life!
As a professional world saver (yes, that's what it says on my business card), I was excited to hear about yet another place that supports local and sustainable eating. The décor is nice and super trendy - think froyo shop meets Panera. The ordering system is like a fancy Wawa, with touch-screen kiosks (that are pretty laggy), and food made-to-order. Choose between salad, stir fry, or order from the honey bar (fruit drizzled in fresh honey).

I guess this place serves mostly Asian food, but like the white people interpretation of it. My ginger scallion stir fry was disappointing (and NOT stir fried). It came in a chopstick-wrapped cardboard box, an interesting choice, considering how oily the contents were. There is a big difference between pickled cucumber (a version of kimchi) and pickles (like in a Big Mac), but about 60% of this dish was straight up pickles. Everything else lacked flavor (unless oil is a flavor?), and the shitake mushrooms were much more mush than rooms. It is not really a lot of food, so yayy for portion control, but giant boo for bang-for-buckness.

The honey here is quite good. But my preferred method of eating honey is either Pooh-style (straight up) or on a chicken nugget. I think combining it with already sweet fruit is overkill. They also don't have covers for taking it to-go.

From an environmental standpoint, I am not a huge fan of the waste-generating cardboard boxes and non-biodegradable plasticware. The trashcans also have no written distinction between "recycling" or "trash." Not that having local ingredients means you have to be green-conscious, but I think it makes sense.

In summary, come for the ambiance and the view of all the women in line. And then try to steal some honey.
My first experience at honeygrow was okay. As a first timer, I wasn't sure if I needed to wait in line to use the order machines, if I could go right up to one, or what. It's a tight space with a lot of people during the lunch hour. When I got up to the machine, something was off and I had to touch the screen a hundred times every time I made a choice. The process was slow and frustrating. Maybe I just picked the wonky machine that day. I certainly hope so, otherwise I'd be a lot less likely to go through this process again. 

My salad was good but I honestly would have customized it more if the machine had not been so slow. I wasn't super crazy about the soy ginger dressing; it was just like the ginger dressing you would get at a Japanese restaurant; thick and not really good for coating the ingredients. But I loved the list of fresh ingredients, and some of the other dressings sounded pretty tasty. I'll give them another shot sometime.
I am 100% in love with Honeygrow. It's my ride or die place to grab a casual quick meal. Recently, the center city location closed for renovation and last night they did a test run of their new menu for free. I am so glad this location is reopening on Monday (3/21/16) with a bunch of great new options. 

This place is based on customizable stir frys and salads with fresh local ingredients. They have a ton of different flavors and options so you can make whatever meal you are craving. A lot of the menu is the same (glad to see the sesame garlic sauce stayed) and there is a new Yards Brawler sauce that sounds super interesting!

Last night I tried the new and improved Red Curry Stir Fry with tofu. Dang, it was spicy! I loved that they had pineapple in there to cool down the heat of the sauce and jalapeno. I also tried the green smoothie - which I was not a fan of. Too much ginger and not enough banana. I'd skip it and go for a fountain drink. Their fountain drinks are all natural sodas, juices, and teas. I opted to get the lemonade which was very tasty. 

Definitely hit up Honeygrow if you get a chance, Everyone is super friendly (staff come by to check on you) and the food is amazing! I'm a Honeygrow die hard!
Solid.

A little on the pricy end for what they offer, but they make it up with flavor and service.  You order on a monitor screen for either a salad or stir-fry.  The salads didn't look substantial enough for me so I opted for the stir-fry.  They have preset options, or you can completely customize your entree.  As a first timer, I opted for one of the presets, and it surpassed my expectations.  This is kind of like fancy lo-mein, but without sacrificing the asian style to it.  The ingredients definitely taste more fresh compared to your average lo-mein takeout, but most dishes here will run you ~$10: a price I'm willing to pay for fresher ingredients and a not-so-upset tummy.

The atmosphere here is pretty lively - the cooks put together your food behind the counter, and you seat yourself to open tables.  It's serve yourself, so no one is bringing your food out to you.  There is one circulating employee who is extremely friendly, and will even ask if you want your water refilled from the fountain.  Great service.
Heavens to Murgatroyd, how did it take me so long to come here?!?

As others have said, this place is pricey. However, for about $10, you get a reasonably generous serving of DELICIOUS stir fry. I got the red curry over wheat noodles with pork and veggies. VERY GOOD. It tasted pretty naughty (like my favorite thai or chinese takeout) but lacked the grease factor.

I love the touch screen ordering system: it allows for ultimate customization which is often lost when you're fumbling to speak to a live human.

I have not been during rush hour but I live next door and I can attest that the line stretches out the door. Come during off peak times and feast on amazingness.
I love when technology and dining out meet - even if it's not perfect. I went to Honeygrow, a relatively new spot in Center City for a quick bite last Saturday. When I stepped into Honeygrow I was impressed with the signage and the ordering system. It was sort of like Wawa"s ordering system but with healthier choices. 
I looked over the menu and choose from the stir fry section, the beef and black bean selection. I walked over to the register and waited for my food.....and waited ...and waited more. Finally the manager asked me if I've been helped. I told him I punched it in on the screen a while ago, he goes over to the screen and searches for my order, finds it , apologized and asked me if I swiped my credit card. I started to say no, but my there's no such thing as a free lunch gene kicked in and I replied "no" and paid with cash. 
He gave me a soft drink cup and said my order will be right up and to have a seat. I got a drink and took a window seat to participate in my favorite sport - people watching while waiting for my food... and waited ...and waited. Again he finally came over to me and asked me if I got my food, again I said "no". He went back and brought me my food, apologized and offered me a free smoothie for my trouble. I said thanks but I will get it when I'm leaving.
The dish I ordered was beef with black beans and stir fried noodles with sugar beans and ginger. In the photo it had thin strips of beef, but mine had cubes of beef and it was very tough. The noodles however were outstanding and so were the veggies, and that saved them. Honeygrow had all the accompanying sauces too.
After eating, I go up to the counter to get my free smoothie and chose a strawberry, dark chocolate and fresh mint concoction. The girl behind the counter forgot about it being complimentary, so I had to wait...and wait until she got the managers okay. The smoothie had a nice taste to it but she didn't put any ice in it and started tasting like cough syrup after a while.
This could be a real go to spot if the iron out the wrinkles.
It was pretty good, just really overpriced and there was a lot of chaos that was difficult to maneavor and the staff was kind of just there. I didn't like this because it was so unorganized and it really didn't have a good flow.

It was pretty okay. The food was very pricy for what you got but it tasted pretty good so I couldn't complain. I think the biggest reason it only gets three stars is because it was just "okay". There was nothing special about it. The service was just okay as well. If only the format was easier to navigate. I was annoyed that you had the kiosks but no one told you so you had to guess. It was also weird that you didn't pay at the kiosk as well?? 

All in all, I probably wouldn't be back unless I had to because it was just all okay. Definitely overpriced!!
Went twice now.  Both times my orders were wrong.  I paid extra for 2 items, but did not get them.  WTF?  They are trying to work too fast and the quality is sinking.

Most importantly, the noodles are terrible. Both the rice and egg noodles are so bad quality.  The veggies taste great, but the noodles are just god awful!  And as mentioned before, its not stir fry.  They heat the veggies for a minute on the wok and place on the noodles.  For the hefty price I paid, I will have to see a big improvement in quality and service to be a repeat customer!
I"m obsessed with this place.  So obsessed that I've come 3 days in a row and actually waited for them to open up at 11AM.   

The salads and noodle stir fry are awesome and I especially love the honeybar with 3 different kinds of fruit, granola, honey and yogurt.  It's so good that I felt like I was eating a delicious bowl of ice cream.  So good that I was actually sad when I was done eating it.  The only downfall of this place is that it's a little easy to get carried away when you get to select anything you want from a screen of delicious salad options like tempura baked chicken, shrimp,  whole wheat noodles, candied cashews, squash medley....  I've definitely come out of here with $15 dollar salads.  Regardless, I will definitely be back here.
Honeygrow is absolutely going to be a staple of my new life in Philly! Build your own stirfry, seriously, need I say more?

Cute atmosphere, friendly staff, and super vegan friendly. I LOVE ordering via touch screen so I can get EXACTLY what I want without asking a million vegan questions. I also love their philosophy of using local ingredients! SO good!

I need to try their smoothies and salads, and I promise I will when it's warmer out. But right now, I'm obsessed with creating my own stirfry and eating all the warm foods since it's my first winter living back in the northeast after 11 years in South Florida.

YUM!
It's about time someone entered the scene with emphasis on organic, delicious, affordable food! I came here on my lunch break and was pleasantly surprised. Inside the decor is very welcoming, and the staff greeted me at the door, along with the intoxicating aroma of fresh ingredients being cooked to perfection. 

A coworker of mine ordered the Persampier salad (AMAZING), and I ordered the ginger scallion noodles (also, amazing!). Both of us were really impressed, and the emphasis on ingredients is what sets this place apart. Everything tasted fresh, and the combinations of flavors was truly exceptional.  

Beyond the food itself, the actual experience from start to finish was something that I found to be very enjoyable. You are greeted by a very user friendly touch screen interface which shows you the entire menu and the options available to you. However, this is far from overwhelming and allowed expeditious movement of the long line of customers. I was literally in and out in under 10 minutes. Every staff member had a smile on, and was eager to assist anyone. 

Anyone looking to get a REALLY good meal complete with locally grown fare, great service, and an even better atmosphere should head over to this place. Don't pay attention to the haters below, they clearly missed something! I will definitely make this a staple of my weekly diet, and I can't wait to introduce my entire office to this gem!

LONG LIVE HONEYGROW!
This is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to grab a bite between the gym and home (in the burbs.) Usually by the time I've worked out, I just want something easy to eat when I get home, and this salad, stirfry, and smoothie bar works perfectly. 

The first time I got the sesame ginger beef stir fry offered as a "Suggested" stir-fry on their touch-screen ordering system (I love this feature, by the way, and wish they had it everywhere besides just here and Wawa. It's not that I'm antisocial, but I just don't like having to make big decisions about my food in the moment!) Paying by credit card is also a breeze. I brought my stirfry home and was shocked to realize that it was actually large enough to be 2-3 meals, which is awesome, considering it was about $10. So yeah, on the surface it's pricey, but if you think of it as tonight's dinner/tomorrow's lunch, that's $5 per meal, which is pretty darn good. Oh, and it tasted delicious! I had no problems with the sauce or ingredient ratio (and the beef was delicious.) I also had Stacy's pita chips, and I love that they offer them as a side.

Last night, I got the Persampiere salad, which has croutons, grape tomatoes, red onions, panko crusted chicken cutlet, mozzarella, arugula, and parmesan dressing (love that they give you the option of regular, light, or on the side.) I also ordered Stacy's pita chips. It was very yummy and filling, except...

Two small gripes that keep this from getting that extra star:

1. Last night, they forgot to give me my chips, which I didn't realize until I was home in the burbs. Since they take your receipt when you pick up your food, I don't have proof to go back and tell them this (and really, would they believe me anyway? Anyone could claim to have been jipped out of chips, but there's no proof that they didn't get them.) So a little bummed that I paid a couple extra bucks for chips that were not included. Lesson learned: check receipt and bag carefully before leaving.

2. The salad last night was SO onion-y. Like the smell was overpowering, even after the salad was long gone. The salad was great, but either order it without onions or don't make any plans for the rest of the night, beyond scrubbing your mouth out for an hour. Yikes.

3. I wish nutrition info/calorie counts were available. Obviously, this is more healthy than getting a cheese steak, but I'm honestly not sure just how healthy it is. That info would be helpful in guiding my selections.

Otherwise, I like this place and will be returning. Excited to try a smoothie here!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
UPDATE: Within a couple hours of this review hitting Yelp, the owner Justin sent a response to me offering my next meal (with chips!) on the house. Not only that, but he's passing my onion comment on to the staff so that it hopefully won't be so overpowering next time. Wow, that's is awesome customer service. I think half the battle of any business is the owner really wanting it to succeed and engaging with customers. Justin has got that down. Can't wait to go back and try more of their food!
Honeygrow is one of the top Center City spots I think of when wanting a quick salad. 

Quick is a relative term, I suppose. 

If you are interested in one of their four or five suggested salad options, your visit will be a breeze. If you start playing around on the touch screen ordering system, then your visit might take a little longer. Not that having options is a bad thing! 

Once you figure out your salad combo and place your order, everything is relatively quick again.  

The pricing is market, the sizing is average and the quality is fresh. 

They also have stir fry, but I try to make myself get the salad whenever visiting a Honeygrow. 

I think the touchscreen ordering is the biggest sell. To have that many options for a salad, is the biggest compliment a health food joint could possibly have.
my first time at honey grow and i loved it.  you order and pay on a touch screen and get a print out. i went at the PEAK lunch rush and the place was packed - it took a while for me to get my food and actually what happened was they forgot to add the peppers into my stir fry. 

so why would i love this place that made me wait for so long and originally messed my order up?  

simple - because they double checked the order, caught the mistake, re did it perfectly, and sent me on my way (actually they even comped it - which was unnecessary)  for a fast food place to be so meticulous - i was very impressed. 

the ingredients were fresh, the people polite, and the service was great.
Had to go to another store and ran into honeygrow on my way back for the first time.  Staff was very nice and helped me through the menu of salads and wok noodle dishes.

All of the "set" salads and wok items can be customized, or you can start from scratch and do your own thing.  All ordering is done on any of the multiple touchscreens in the small restaurant.  You can pay by credit right there or cash at the pickup side.

I customized my Cobb salad to minus the bleu cheese for mozzarella, and added beets.  I paid .50 extra for Focaccia bread.  You get to watch everything being put together.

The salad was tasty, but had too much dressing.  I'd ask for it to go on the side next time.  Overall, not too bad.  I'd like to try one of the wok noodles.

$12.45 for lunch today.
Love love love the food here. I ate here during lunch rush (12:30pm-2pm) so it was super busy. I ordered the Sesame Garlic Stirfry and it was absolutely delicious! I love the efficient ordering system of the kiosks, how quick the food is prepared (despite how busy it was), the friendliness of the workers there and the environment of the restaurant overall. And they have tamari which I thought was surprising because there are some Japanese restaurants that don't even have tamari!!!
I just wish Honeygrow wouldn't use canola oil to cook the stirfries since canola oil causes inflammation in the body. If Honeygrow used Avocado oil or EVOO for cooking, I would come here everyday because it's so dang tasty!
I give this place 5-stars for their amazingly fresh food and smart offerings, but especially for their social media outreach and spectacular customer service. They're really on top of the trends and know how to reach their target audience. They're also caring, supportive, and aim to please their Philadelphia consumers. 

I can't wait to eat here again soon!
No thank you, trendy noodle and salad bar.

A friend of mine had a bad experience with the owner's rudeness when they first opened, which was strike one. The price of the food for what you get is also a little out of control (strike two). I live in Chinatown, and I know what a good dish of noodles costs. I also love that they started charging 45 cents for the bread they used to give you with their salads. Whaaaaaaat. Strike three, you're out!

Here, I feel like you're paying more for the cool factor than the delicious, quality factor.
I had the privilege of being invited back to experience the noodle/salad bar courtesy of the management team at HoneyGrow. I am extremely thankful to the team and am always impressed when an establishment cares enough about their clientele that they want to not only enhance the individuals experience but receive feedback to improve the experience for all. That is truly good management.

I ordered the noodles with various vegetables and requested no sauce since they were unable to sauté with just basic soy sauce. However I later mixed everything with soy sauce when I got home. This actually resolved the previous issue I had which was that the serving of sauce had been too heavy. I now actually prefer HoneyGrow noodles to Dan Dan but I do appreciate that Crisp Kitchen actually will sauté the noodles/vegetables with soy sauce per my request.

I came as well on a different day to try the salad bar. There seemed to be more items on the menu than a couple years ago when I first ordered salads here. I can't be sure but I feel there wasn't a bean option before. I enjoyed my salad (though unfortunately bacon was mistakenly added and when I realized it I was already home). 

I think the key distinction between choosing one place v. another is always going to be about variety of ingredients. Sweet Green still dominates the salad realm but if you want the full package of lunch/dinner with dessert, HoneyGrow takes the cake.
I gave Honeygrow a shot over the Summer and was not really happy.  Yes the screens help move things along for step one but the wait for my salad was a good 15-20 minutes during step two.  They also completely forgot my smoothie back then but since I was dining in, they were able to make it before I left.

I kept promising myself I would go back and give them a second shot.  Finally I did today.  It was the same crap show that I experienced over the Summer.  Since we are in colder months, I thought I would try for the stirfry.  I placed my order and then proceeded to wait another 15-20 mins with the many other patrons.  The service was really nice and apologetic about it, but a workday lunch does not allow me to wait that long.  

I got back to my office and was bummed. For a place that promotes eating healthy, the veggies were lacking in my stirfry.  I even ordered a fourth veggie of thai basil to give it extra flavor, but only got 2 bites of it.  I am not lying to myself that stirfry is healthy, but I figured with lots of fixins, I could make it a decent meal and perhaps only eat half.  I chose the sesame garlic too since that is a fairly standard sauce.  I found it bitter and overly salty.  Definitely not going back.  

Bonus star for having Sriracha on tap.  ON TAP!!!
One of my good friends and I came here for lunch as we heard good things.  

Upon entering this place was PACKED.  There was barely enough room to stand, let alone sit.  There was a little bit of confusion where the line was to order.  I do like that there is a kiosk so you can just pick and choose what you want.  You can either order stir-fry or a salad.  We both went with salads.  

This food is quick, ordered by touch screen, casual, and the ingrediants are locally grown.  That being said, salads are pretty pricey - I think I paid $11 for a salad and it was pretty small.  I probably wouldn't be going back because of the price, size of salad, and how crowded it was.
In theory, this place should be amazing. I want to like it SO much but it's just impossible. I've been a handful of times (maybe 5 or 6) and I'm glad that the lines have finalyl gone down. Waiting 30 minutes for mediocre stirfry is not fun. Here are my opinions about this place.

1) It's inconsistent. Sometimes there is a lot of sauce with the stir-fry, sometimes theres not enough at all. Sometimes the sauce is thick, sometimes its watery. Sometimes it's spciy other times it's not. It's never what I actually want or expect.

2) I like to make my own stir fry.. It's $8 to start and you get a sauce, a starch and 3 veggies then they add on from there. But seriously, $8 for bbq sauce rice and 3 veggies?! For $8 I could make this for a family of 8! 

3) Stop pushing the smoothies on me. Dear lord, if I want one I'll order one. Put more effort into the stirfry and less with the smoothies, please. Maybe fire some smoothie people and lower the cost of a veggie only stir fry, how about that?

4) The salads are ridiculously expensive. I could never justify spending more than $7 on a salad from a 'fast food' place nevermind $11. That lettuce better have healing powers if I'm going pay that much to eat it..
DO NOT GO HERE!! This place is absolutely terrible and expensive.  Two co-workers and I waited for over 40 minutes for them to make our food and there is no room to stand anywhere because of the layout.  None of our orders were correct and we paid for missing ingredients.  This is not stir fry, it is boiled raamen noodles and then all of the ingredients are clumsily dumped into an awkward container.  The noodles were all stuck together, the beef was dry and fatty, and the vegetables were under cooked.  And expect to pay over $11 for a salad or "stir fry".  Several employees there handling food had no gloves on.  My order # was 80 something and I got called up before people with #'s in the 50's.  Not one customer was happy in this entire place.  People were returning their wrong orders and just walking out even after they already paid.  You've been warned.  Philly has way too many options for this place to survive.
I'm confused.

I walk in, 
I follow the other people with their confused faces to the touch screens, 
I have no idea what to get,
I press some buttons and hope for the best, 
I grab my receipt,
I'm not sure where to stand, 
I follow the other people that aren't sure where to stand, 
I realize I'm going to be in the way, 
I wait about 15 minutes,
I grab my little Chinese take-out box,
I walk out feeling like I had been at wawa, 
I wish I had been at wawa.

I like the food, I'm just not sure I like the way I have to obtain it.
What's with society's obsession with soy sauce at Asian places?   I had gone to lunch around 1130am to beat the packed lines.  

I was happy to see that they had touch screen build your own salad/stir fry ingredients.  I had ordered a chicken, bok choy, onion, broccoli, shiitake mushroom, and Mongolian BBQ sauce stir fry.   The food came in a cardboard container (ironic since they're supposed to be green).  When I opened the box, I quickly realized that the order was all screwed up.   

It seems I had an order of Mongolian BBQ sauce with a side of the ingredients mentioned above.   Salt overload!!   

The service was great, but the meal was profoundly disappointing.
This is the first week they are open, but it took them 30 minutes to get my and my friends stir fries out.   Not enough sauce if there's even any on there.  Noodles in one big amalgamated mess.  Shrimp tastes fishy.  It cost $17 for a smoothie (that was good) and a stir fry that I can't even eat.  

And in case you get exicted about the pickled cucumber and think it might be Asian pickles that will taste really good in stir fry- be forewarned that they appear to be DILL PICKLES.  Uck.  

Oh, and I paid extra for carrots and spinach.  No carrots are in my stir fry and there may be 5 spinach leaves.  Pathetic.

***************EDIT**************
I have since returned to honey grow and have had much better experiences.  They seem to have gotten their act together food wise.  Organization wise, it's still a mess in there.  No one should have to wait 10 minutes to pay for their food.
Tried stir fry for the first time yesterday.  What arrived, after I had ordered noodles with shrimp and a variety of vegetables was a mass of gooey noodles with a FEW SMALL bits of vegetables and 3 small shrimp.  For over $12?  Never again!!  The salad bar looks fresh and perhaps salads are better--at least one can watch them being made.
I am really really loving the healthy-fast-and-made-to-order food trend that has been on the rise recently.  It truly makes Mickey D's and the King almost obsolete and even more unappetizing.  The touch screen ordering interface is very user friendly and customizing my Indonesian BBQ stir fry (no cilantro with extra scallions and rice noodles instead of egg noodles) was very facile and the order was ready in less than 10 minutes, including the honeybar with cocnut, mango, granola, and pineapple.  The stir fry was made to order with plenty of fresh vegetables and free range chicken.  No, it's not exactly authentic Indonesian fare but the flavor was good and the ingredients were fresh and high quality.  Mine had broccoli, chicken, fresh shitake mushrooms, bok choy, onions, extra scallions, and rice noodles; the sauce was a decent sweet-and-sour kind and it didn't overpower the dish.  Rather, everything was wok-tossed with a light coating, which was great with the soft noodles.  The vegetables were crunchy and the chicken was tender.  The meal wasn't heavy at all (they didn't use much oil at all, which made my cholesterol level very very grateful) and refreshing but filling.  And dessert!  Thank heaven that they are introducing the concept of FRUIT and granola flavored with NATURAL HONEY for dessert instead of the ubiquitous heavy butter-andhigh-fructose-syrup-ladened desserts everywhere else.  The honey drizzle paired with a side of the light whipped cream added just a touch of sweetness and creaminess to the crunchy granola and fruit.  I'm definitely going to replicate this at home.  The only thing that would have made it better is if the granola had contained a higher percentage of nuts and seeds, but that's just a very very minor observation; I'm just a Baker's granola addict (especially the pecan kind).  Anyhow, this is a great option for a fast, light, healthy, and beautifully colorful meal.  Who would have ever thought that healthy food could taste so damn good and be prepared in about the same amount of time it takes to irradiate a mystery meat patty?  Can't wait to try the juice smoothies here.
Don't believe the hype. Like you, I'd seen the restaurants popping up all over and thought I'd give them a try. But the experience left much to be desired. 

First, service. When you walk in it's hard to figure out what to do if you've never been before. I went at an off-time, so not enough people to watch and mimic. Eventually i saw the touch screen and ordered. That was easy enough. 

But it was downhill from there. My actual food was pretty crappy. I got the Tomato Kale Miso salad. Like some other reviewers, I thought the greens to topping ratio was bad. I also thought the kale was overdressed in a tasteless, oily dressing, and the leaves were huge and tough. The toppings were all on the bottom, as if someone had them just sitting in a bowl and shoved the lettuce on top. The tofu was bad, the only flavor was pointless spiciness. 

For almost $12, I expect a tasty lunch. This was just an angering one. There are tons of much better salad places around. Avoid!!
I've been coming here for a few months now, because of the dire lack of options for healthy food downtown, and because I like their concept of locally-sourced healthier options. I would give this place four stars for the concept, but only two stars for the actual delivery of it. The ingredients seem to be good quality, however the preparation is incredibly inconsistent depending on the person who cooks it and time of day.

I usually get the choose-your-own stir-fry, which shouldn't be rocket science.
Sometimes they do a god job and don't forget the ingredients you order, other times they forget ingredients and give you a very disproportionate amount of protein, noodles and veggies. 

Overall its been a three-star experience till yesterday, when my stir-fry was just drenched in oil. I had ordered sauce on the side, so the glistening oil on my stir-fry was very obvious. However, because I was hungry, I took a bite to gauge whether or not my food was as greasy as it looked . Bad idea, because after the first bite, I had to spit out the food. The noodles and veggies were totally covered in slimy oil and inedible. 

Trying to salvage my food, I took out the greasy noodles and tried to pick out whatever veggies and protein that hadn't absorbed the excessive oil, which was an impossible feat. So my 14 dollars to eat healthy last night was a disaster.

So, a note to whomever runs/own this place-- please try to find some sort of way to make the food here more consistent and true to the concept of healthy fast food.

And also ditto to providing info on the calories of the food served here as well.
Ordered takeout with caviar. I ordered a make your own noodle bowl with rice noodles, bell peppers, red onion, broccoli, fried eggs, cilantro, cashews and sesame garlic dressing. We also ordered the make it grain salad and honey bar. 

The noodle dish was still very hot when it was delivered! Very good portion size! The same size as if you were eating in. Very very good. Really liked it. 

The salad was good, also large. We didn't love the salad dressing but it grew on me. 

We also ordered the honey bar (strawberries, blueberries, bananas with clover honey and granola). It was good but I thought a little expensive for the size.
Wow was I disappointed. I decided to go here with my brother as he loves healthy eating and organic meals. We both ordered different meals and added different toppings and the food came out so oily!!!! AND NOT incorporated with each other! The vegetables were barely cooked, just thrown together and with sauce on top! This is NOT a meal!!! I will post pics of what I mean later! Completed disappointed
I'm sorry but I CANNOT wrap my head around why this place always has a line. First time here, and ordered the make your own stir fry. 1 star for the cool computers that you order from and 1 star for the super nice staff. 

ZERO STARS for food. 

1. 'LIGHT SAUCE', was NOT light whatsoever, please see the picture attached of the noodles DRENCHED in oil, so much that it's SEEPING through the thick and laminated cardboard box. Also maybe it was because it was so oily, but the sauce didn't have any flavor whatsoever. Just spicy for no reason. 

2. TOPPINGS, pretty sure I was charged an extra $0.45 for toppings which I totally understand but I counted FOUR small slices of mushrooms and TWO slices of pickled cucumbers... 

3. COST, the total was $13 for a pretty small portion. Complete waste of money the noodles were so drenched in oil it was not edible. 

Definitely not a 'healthy' place. Better luck just getting some takeout Chinese down the street.
This is really a 3.5 rather than a 3. Even though the quality is fine (I've only had their salads), the price point is a bit high for what you get. 

Most recently, I paid $11.57 for a "Son of a Peach" salad, which had some very refreshing ingredients, like peach and cherry tomatoes. I also loved the mixture of arugula and spinach. Everything seemed fresh. However, they forgot to add in my mozzarella, the chicken was really dry, and the dressing was extremely sour. I had to drain each bite before putting it in my mouth. Previously, I had varieties of kale salads here. Ingredients have consistently been fresh, but the topping to lettuce ratio has usually been on the lower end. 

The idea of ordering via screens is great at first glance. Seems quicker than having a cashier, and there's less of a chance of body size discrimination (smaller people getting less food even though they are paying the same price for the same product), but sometimes, people (at all 4 order screens) stand there looking through all of the options for a long time and have trouble making their final decisions. Not ideal to be behind them if in a hurry.

This is a great option if you are in the area and run out of options for a salad (it's cheaper than getting a salad from a restaurant and paying a tip). The price point at Sweetgreen down 2-3 blocks is a bit better (cheaper with more protein).
So I have given this place 2 tries now, and both times I have been disappointed. Today I ordered a stir fry. For a place that claims to have all fresh ingredients, I feel like I could have had better quality food at the local shady Chinese restaurant. Some of the green beans looked rotten and a several shrimp just didn't look safe to consume. Some were discolored and non of them were deveined.  I wasn't looking for fine dining, but I definitely didn't want food positioning either. I'd say this place need to stick to their drink and desserts or step on on what they preach in terms of promising freshness.
All I can say is: WOW.  The staff & the food are as excellent as ever and I'm a really big fan of the touch screen system.  I'm not the best when it comes to ordering food - in fact, i'm extremely indecisive.  However, with Honeygrow's clear-cut options as well as picture icons that tell me exactly what I'm ordering - I felt there was no confusion what so ever.  I didn't have a long wait at all when receiving my food.  The moment I got it, my co-workers and I looked at each other and lit up.  We've never tasted such amazing stir-fry before and the salads are incredible as well.  The best part about this place is that when we were done with our healthy meals - we could indulge in the healthy dessert; a honey bar.  Nothing tops off an amazing meal better than fresh fruit, coconut shavings, and chocolate chips with honey drizzled on top.  

I will definitely go back to this place as often as possible.  It was a hectic day for sure because they had just opened the doors - but despite this, the staff was as friendly as can be.  

As for the negative reviewers rating Honeygrow with 1 star - you clearly have zero knowledge of what a small and busy restaurant is like on it's opening day.  Along with this, it is evident that you are food snobs.  This isn't some ritzy Los Angeles/New York restaurant - this is an amazing fast and casual place that serves healthy and delicious food.  If you have the audacity to even mutter "the food is a joke" then you can shimmy your butt over to the Ritz a few blocks down and pay over a hundred bucks for something that's more "your style".  The food at Honeygrow was incredible and unfortunately Yelp is polluted with losers like you.

To cap this off - Honeygrow is an awesome restaurant and the food is delectable.  I recommend this to any Philly Foodie because it's truly the place to go for a healthy meal at any time.
I ate this last weekend and I'm literally still craving it. I think it's safe to say casual and fast dining experiences are taking over the world. The ordering process is the same as a wawa hoagie and the stirfry comes out fast and is made to order! Basically you go up to a screen and select what you want and go down to the end of the counter and it's ready for you.
There wasn't much seating available, so I assume during the rush it gets pretty crowded, but we ended up getting takeout and it was great. The portions are really good but the biggest factor for stirfry for me is usually the sauce. They have about 6 different sauce options and they let you taste them before ordering (which I recommend doing). I got a mixture of the oyster and the thai coconut chili (which might sound a little weird, but tasted really good).
With the prices, portions, and the convenience, I can confidently say I will be back,
After a long absence, I came back to give Honeygrow one more shot.  I ordered a Persampiere Salad, which with tax, came out to just north of $11.  Everything about the service was fine: the electronic ordering machine worked without a hitch, and I barely had to wait for my salad once I ordered it.

However, when I got to the bottom of my salad (which was actually kind of good: really liked the panko crusted chicken and the tomatoes.  The arugula, dressing, and red onion: so-so), and put one of the final few forkfuls in my mouth, I bit into a small piece of chipped white plastic.  How did it get here?  I have no idea.  It didn't match the plastic of the utensils or the bowl.  All I know is that I paid over $11 for a locally-sourced salad and one of those sources was a plastic something that somehow chipped and made its way into my lunch.  Gross.  Just...utterly gross.  I threw out the rest of my salad.

Save your money and go somewhere else.
Okay honey grow I like you, a twist to Asian food. And it's quite fresh so that's a plus! I got the spicy noodles with tofu and edamame and jalapeños, omg those jalapeños were spicy!! But I still ate it! For how much you get the price is good! I barely made a dent (that could be because it was so spicy!) definitely want to go back and try the salads!
not sure how long they've been open but i went there to pick up dinner tonight 6/10.  maybe they've only been in business for a week or so?  so maybe they are still getting the hang of things...

i think its cool how you can order/pay w/ the touchscreens - it is a pretty cool feeling, feels high tech and all.  

there's salads being made on one end, and stir fry happening on the other end.  today there was 1 girl making salads, 1 guy adding stir fry ingredients to a bowl, and 1 guy stir frying 1 dish at a time.  needless to say, it took a while to get my stir fry.  and when i did receive my stir fry - each box looks like its typically bound w/ a black strip of paper w/ a chopstick attached.  i got no such thing.

i ordered the ginger scallion stir fry - hoping for that wondering aroma when you ginger/scallion and oil touch the wok.  but what i saw was a bowl of noodles - and the guy dumped in some pickles (like the type of pickles you put on a hamburger), shitake mushrooms, a spoonful of some scallion/ginger mixture, tossed it w/ some tongs, and put it in my box.

so i asked - wait, is it not stir fried? (bc its in the stir fry section) an the guy says - not its typically not stir fried but we can stir fry it for you.  so they added some oil to a woke, threw in the noodles, let it sit for 20 seconds....i mean really?  is that it?  i feel like he just coated the noodles w/ oil and let it sit in the pan (there was no stirring)

came home and started eating it....felt like i was eating oily vinegar noodles.  not sure what cuisine they are going for but these "pickled cucumbers" are nothing like the "pickled cucumbers" any chinese/asian restaurant would serve (or that i ate growing up in a chinese household) - i swear these taste like sliced dill pickles you put on hamburgers.   really??  how are you guys pickling them??  then the shitake mushrooms were also pickled in a similar pickley flavor!  eew!!  shitake mushrooms can soak up so much flavor (and add so much flavor too!) - whyyyyy did they have to pickle them in that fashion??  

i probably won't come back here and will instead stir fry my own noodle at home.
A few months later and I can honestly say that honeygrow has gotten better.  

Because you can't lunch in this neighborhood without people wanting to go to honeygrow, I have now gone a total of 6 times.  The first 2 I wrote about in January and they didn't go so well.  The following 2 times had their own mistakes - a missing protein in a salad that luckily I caught before leaving, and an out of stock ingredient in a salad that I built my salad around. Honeygrow was 0/4 and I was beginning to believe that maybe they just hated me because everyone else loves them.  

However - the last 2 times have been impeccable.  Service has been fast.  Salads have been perfect.  No missing ingredients and no out of stock items.  They do offer a good amount of tasty options - get the shallots in your salad!  You could probably have a different salad everyday for a year and not have the same combo twice.  I am happy to finally see the Honeygrow that everyone else sees.
I've been to honeygrow twice now.  The first time, I ordered the honeybar with fruits, coconut flakes, chocolate chips and buckwheat honey.  I knew there was going to be honey, but I didn't know it would be HONEY.  It was a kick in the mouth, overly sweet honey.  I thought the only saving grace was the maple yogurt that was an extra $.50.  

The second time, I tried the stir fry.  I love being able to customize the order on the screens. I do think that it's pretty expensive to add the tofu for $1.75.  The price of convenience, I guess.  I brought my rice noodles back to the office.  The portion is okay.  I could probably split it into two lunches.  I wasn't overly wowed by the taste of the stir fry.  It was a bit heavy and greasy for me.
I want to love honeygrow. And there was a time, I think, when I did. But as the takeout orders have marked the passage of years gone by and I have counted my half-eaten containers like the leaves of a fig tree, I have come to the unsettling conclusion that honeygrow does not love me back, at least not in the way that I would like to be loved: with grace, consistency, and love in the struggle. 

Yes, the pickup is wonderfully easy. A row of little brown paper baggies sitting on the shelf is a wonderful sight to behold, because I know that my food is nestled among them, still warm from the fire, and I love the heft of the bag as I curl my knuckles around its and lift it from the shelves like a satellite launched into space. 

But how many times have I placed it in the seat of my car, with my seatbelt firmly secured around its bulk, to discover, upon removing it, the faint outline of an oily stain worked into the upholstery, and drops of sauce trickling from the bottom of the bag like the angry children of a cumulonimbus cloud? And how many times have I sat down at my table with anticipatory visions of tofu stir fry stimulating my salivary glands only to pry open the white tongues of the cardboard container to discover that my meal, submerged in a watery, slightly viscous brown stock which tastes like earth, is perhaps more like a soup than a solid? How many wilted and sad yellowed broccoli florets have limpidly splayed their floppy limbs out to me and secreted the smell of a burning car engine? 

Too many, I say. Too many. I will carry these memories with me forever as a testament to the honeygrow horrors that I have endured.

What is most striking about my experiences is their utter lack of predictability. Sometimes, a stir fry will be a stir fry, and a damn good one at that. Other times, it will be a soup, or there will be no sauce at all, and the base will crack and crumble like the surface of a parched arid desert. Sometimes my meal will combine the perfect notes of sweet, sour, spicy, and salty to create a beautiful gustatory sonata; other times the smell has assaulted my nostrils like a maliforous miasma and I have felt the sphincters of my esophagus involuntarily pucker in self-preservation. Oh honeygrow, how you taunt me. And I, in my budding self-confidence, have finally had enough of your games. I deserve a consistent lunch partner. We all do. We all deserve just a little bit better.
The Farm to Table Concept is great...healthy options...trendy ordering options and menu...super friendly hostess...what could be so bad as to deserve one measly star?
Lack.Of.Cleanliness.
Our drink cups were handed to us by cashier grabbing cups from the inside, wiping the germs inside the cup. She was kind enough to share the germs with the other customers too. 
Then I went to wait on ladies room line. After an employee finally walked out of the Men's room, hostess said I could just go in there. There was yellow pee all over the toilet seat and floor. So gross. After I washed my hands, I came out and saw employee hanging out with other employees. No one went in to clean, so pee was tracked throughout kitchen area and the seating area. 
It doesn't matter how healthy the food is when there no supervision and Lack.Of.Cleanliness.
Interesting. I think this concept rivals the chipotle spinoff "chop house." It's just as good, thoughbeit a little more expensive and it doesn't leave you with a stomach ache afterwards. In hindsight, i probably should have stuck with one of their creations because I doctored it up a little and it tasted a little off, which was definitely my fault.  I also got the green smoothy kale'atta, which was good... Nothing to write home about though. 

The touchscreen are a cool touch, the host at the door who explained the menu was really engaging (so nice job there) and I personally like that you can take a seat and wait for your number to be called. Even though I'm left wanting a little, I would come back.
Healthy ingredients and fast service....what more can you ask for in a dining experience.
This quick and easy, fast-casual chain has really taken off since coming to campus over a year ago. The ease of ordering at the touch-screens in addition to the always friendly staff make this place a pleasure to visit.

Honeygrow is absolutely a staple in my diet here at college -- I must go 4-6 times per week. I always get the Red Coconut Curry (less tofu and bean sprouts, plus chicken). My one qualm is the consistency of the meal; as I purchase the same order every time, I'd expect it to be more or less the same but this is not the case. The chicken is sometimes more cooked than I'd like and the amount of sauce in the stir-fry is sometimes less than the amount that I'd like. By and large a great place to eat though.
I would really like to give a better rating than this.  The staff is great, friendly and very helpful.  I've had special requests met on multiple occasions. The food meets my expectations every time. 
  I have big problem with the number of bugs I've seen in the restaurant gathered around the sauce/soda area as well as the ceiling.  I have seen this at least 5 times through my experience here. At first glance there is everything to love about this restaurant, after looking just a little further, a lot of work needs to be done as far as cleanliness.  My honest feeling is hoping my review is seen and changes are made to cleaning procedures and pest control.
Great service - This location literally has staff greet you as you walk in the door, check in on you to make sure you are having a pleasant ordering experience, and they've even refilled my drink for me many times when I ate there. They treat customers very well, and I enjoy getting salads here multiple times a week.
Okay so I've been holding out on reviewing honeygrow but I sit here right now eating stir fry and I have to. 

Sour cherry BBQ. Heaven. 

I'm a girl who wrote off stir fry because of a soy allergy. It made me sad. I don't have to be sad anymore! 

The salads are also delicious and the honey bar is the stuff dreams are made of. The staff is nice and the environment is great for copping a squat to take a break from center city madness. Bonus points for a word search on the napkins. However, one point off because the kale-atta is a little watery. 

But I wanna marry this stir fry. I love it here.
The main concept is simple. Salads and stir-fry made to order. The execution is fun - use their touch-screen a la Wawa to create your meal, and then enjoy it within 5 minutes time (much less for a salad). Locally sourced ingredients, and I'd say you can taste the difference.

Super busy during lunch on weekdays, pretty easy nights and weekends.

What to try for those who want a recommendation:

Create your own stir fry -
Egg noodles
Grilled Chicken
Broccoli
Bean sprouts
Mushrooms
Bok choy
Oyster sauce

Create your own salad -
Spinach
Tomato
Onion
Avocado
Grilled Chicken
Fresh lemon (don't underestimate how amazingly yummy this is compared to a traditional dressing)

Expect to pay between 10-15 bucks, but also expect to fully enjoy your food and feeling great afterwards.
I was torn as to whether a 3 star or 4 star rating was appropriate. Here's why...the food here is great. I love the sour cherry BBQ sauce, the various choices of noodles and/or rice and the multiple options for stir fry. What can be somewhat of a turn off is the waiting experience during heavy lunch hours. The first few times I decided to try Honeygrow, it felt as if I was waiting forever. 

When you walk in, there should be an orderly line, but there isn't, which sometimes leads to having to ask, "excuse me, have you ordered already?" or "are you on line?" Once you get passed this, you can order your food "Wawa" style and decide to pay with a card or cash. If you order stir fry, I encourage making your own as you can be as creative as you'd like to be.

Overall, I definitely plan to eat here more often. I love the healthy options. The price is typical Center City lunch prices for healthier options...nothing less than $8.

Small tidbit, this location used to be the Pita Pit.
Love this place but beware of the chili flakes, they get really spicy!
I work a block away and wanted to try it out but waited until after the first week. I love stir fry and spicy, great combo. The first time I got the garlic egg noodles. This was way to spicy in a bad way not good. It just look like a slob of food all meshed in. I wanted to give them another try so I created my own dish. Again horrible!! They either put too much of one thing and not the other. My co-worker got a dish with chicken but only got 4 pieces.
Until they work out their kinks, I plan to stay away. There's plenty of other great places around
I love Honeygrow. I love the ordering process - reminds me of the screens at Wawa. So convenient and easy. The only thing I'd like them to add is a sign to show you where to order. The first time i was there, there was a huge crowd and I was confused of where I was supposed to go. We then thought there was only one screen to order from because the other screens were blocked and there was a huge line to just one. 

I also think they need to make sure that all the ingredients in the salad are actually in there. I ordered a salad that had sesame sticks... and they forgot. I was so excited then I was not. Boo.

Otherwise, the salads are delicious. Fast and fresh.
I went to Honeygrow today. It was the worst food i ever had. the stir fry was awful.
The sauce was so salty and tasted terrible.
It is very expensive for what it is.
I paid 12 dollars for an awful lunch. I will never go there again.
Very unorganized. The guy cooking was sweating profusely and his sweat was dripping in the food. I should have gotten my money back and left.
Never again!
Best and most economical stir fry in Philadelphia. $7.75 gets you a starch (wheat or egg noodles, rice), 3 veggies (includes bean sprouts, edamame, etc), 2 toppings (like cashews, sunflower seeds) and sauce of your choosing. They have other selections already built they you can order but I love creating my own. All freshly prepared with local ingredients. While I have yet to try their salads or honey bar smoothies... They look delish. But I'm always craving the stir-fry and it's very filing. 

Tip: if going for lunch, go early. I recommend arriving before noon to order. It's so busy after and it can take longer than you have time for. But the staff knows their popularity and are very accommodating and friendly.
Still too salty and poor flavors. Was hoping for better result the second time around. Too many noodles, not enough vegetables and protein. Bad results on salads too. So disappointing. 

Perhaps things will be sorted out after they have some more time to tweak the start-up issues.
Red curry with rice noodles, tofu, and local veggies.....mango, ginger, mint smoothie.  Super friendly staff, unbelievably crowded, but the line moves.

I highly suggest this smoothie and stir fry. If you're not into tofu you can pick your own protein..  I love the boxes.  If you don't like eating out of a box, this is not the place for you.  I find the boxes to be a great Eco-friendly idea, plus, you don't have to ask for one when you can't finish your large stir fry, or salad.

Added bonus: they have chargers for all your technological needs:)

This is a great concept restaurant that delivers great food with a smile.

Thanks
I am all about technology, and now, I've found a salad / food shop that caters to this system.  Step in to this restaurant and you will see a simple setup, with a display of the menu both on above to see, as well as on the touch-screen.  

Simply pick a custom salad, signature salad or just grab a smoothie.  The touch-screen might lag a sec, but think of it as a iPad.  Tons of items to choose from you decide to Customize your salad.  

I would choose a signature salad, maybe add one or two more items, then done!  Add a smoothie if you feel like the you need a kick-start for the afternoon :)

Cheers!
I've been here several times, and never had a bad experience! Man, these choose-your-own adventure meal spots are popping up all over the place! Anyways, I feel that there are more options here. And, it's like WAWA! Touch screen ordering and payment and remembering your previous orders in one little machine? Sorry for the run-on sentence, but that is seriously GENIUS. The ordering process to me is a breeze. You choose items by pictures. How easy can it get?

I prefer the salad options because it seems healthier, and I've tried their cobb and persampiere salads. Usually, I like to be creative, so the latest visit was exploring what makes kale even more awesome. I just add some grilled chicken, avocado, broccoli, and green goddess all over that. 

Delicious, but slightly more expensive than other quick, casual spots. I think my customized salads usually hover around $11. 

I'd go back to try the honeybar, and to also make more awesome kale salads.
Stopped here for a bite to eat this evening, after having checked out Honeygrow's flagship-style City Ave store last month. Word of advice: if you come here after Honeygrow City Ave, which I rated as 5 stars, you're bound to be disappointed with this location.

Honeygrow stores always seem rockin' for pretty great reasons: it's a local company, the flavors are great, and the food is locally sourced. A little overpriced for noodle bowls, as the meat feels like an afterthought. Personally, I prefer more meat-focused meals from wok-shops like Pei Wei. But the food is good, and you gotta respect Honeygrow's mission. 

I tried the Philly Roast Pork tonight, and it was pretty enjoyable, with authentic flavors of roast pork sandwiches that you'd get in the Philly sandwich spots. The asiago cheese shavings & pepper flakes are what elevate the Philly Roast Pork to being a delicious dish. You can only get the Philly Roast Pork in Philly's regional Honegrow stores; it's not available in New York or Balt/DC (they have their own regional dishes). Previously at City Ave, I really enjoyed the Spicy Garlic (with chicken). 

Here's the rub with 16th Street: it's small, people trip over you (or you trip over them), there are only small numbers of tables for all the people that come through here, and the fact that all your orders are served in a paper container. I'm sorry, but it just feels cheap and chinzy to have to eat out of a tightly-packed Chinese-style paper carton; whereas the City Ave store serves out of a neat stone black bowl. 

I mean, if you want to get your Honeygrow on in Center City, it's great that we have a location.
Let me start by saying this was the first time I ever had a bad experience with Honeygrow. It had been a chilly rainy miserable day in Philly. The kids and I walked 2 blocks from our hotel to Honeygrow on 16th to get Stir Fry only to get back to the hotel and all 3 of our meals had no soy sauce. It was too raw to venture back out so "Dry Fry" it was. I was annoyed because I was soooo looking forward to it. And upon further reflection the meat was over cooked as well. I'm hoping next time will be better I won't cancel them over one bad experience.
You know when you want to like a place so you keep trying it in hopes that it eventually gets better? Well, Honeygrow is that place for me. No matter what time I pass by this place, its packed- always. I figure I have to be ordering the wrong thing, I have to be going at a bad time or its just a bad day. To be honest, its just over hyped. 

I'll be super brief about this place since at the end of the day its an Asian inspired chipotle with screens instead of people that you pick all your items from.

-over priced
-not enough food
-spice scale is completely off
-lack of flavor

Sorry Honeygrow, I'm going to go against majority here and say you're not all that you're hyped to be.
I eat here a couple times every week because it's quick and open late. The salads are good, a little expensive, but you can get some great ingredients. (The tomatoes have been disgustingly mealy recently but I'm assuming that's an anomaly).

Recently I've noticed a big change in the attitudes of the people working there. Last week a manager was shouting at her employees, trying to gather them all together so she could tell them something. Listening to her patronizingly and rudely get their attention was really unpleasant. I can't imagine she does a very good job as a manager, and I can't imagine who would want to work there! It's an open kitchen, if the people that work there don't deserve to be treated that way I certainly don't want to listen to it -- let alone support you with my business. 

And then today the woman making salads was yelling out numbers in this angry, bitchy, tone. I was flabbergasted. She was acting so rude, slamming things around, and I have no interest in helping give her a paycheck.

Honeygrow needs an attitude adjustment before it's too late!
Very expensive ($22 for a salad with chicken and egg, and a fruit salad), but sooo good. Being able to select all of your salad and dessert ingredients on a touchscreen menu is amazing. And this salad is all I'd hoped it'd be and more. I haven't tried the dessert yet, but it looks great and I love that it doesn't have any "fluffy stuff." Just fruit, honey, nuts, that kind of stuff. This is where my paychecks are going to go from now on!
honeygrow makes me happy and the only thing that keeps me from going to 5 stars is the POS and the general noise level of the place.

I love the customization options.  Salad, noodles, stir frys with fresh and healthful ingredients, brilliant!  They are very transparent.  They have a featured farms list on the wall and the staff works with pretty solid precision.  The price is also set well to compete against other lunch options in the area.

In my experience, the touch screen system can be a bit daunting to deal with.  Sometimes, you find yourself clicking many times or possibly clicking something you don't want out of sheer frustration.  The other gripe (while minor) is the noise.  It's very loud in here and I feel like people are always stepping on me trying to get to their food.  You have to listen very intently to hear your number called and that's difficult to do with all the noise.

Still, with these minor complaints, I keep honeygrow on my rotation because I really enjoy what they are dishing out.
HoneyGrow is great- the location is prime, (next to Steve's Prince of Steaks) so I can choose a healthier option for post-bar food.

The product is fantastic. The first time I came here, I ordered the Red Coconut Curry stir fry. I was overwhelmed with how many veggies they put in there- it was nice to know that even though you are paying top dollar (pretty expensive), you are getting what you paid for. My biggest pet peeve is when restaurants overcharge and leave you out to dry on the veggie front. 

The second time I ordered a salad- amazing pear parm dressing and the lettuce was very fresh.

The only qualm is my salad was pretty pricey for how small it was. It will set you back $10- however, I will return here. The stir fry is THAT good.
I used to like this place but now it's getting bad. 

I see some cooks dancing, joking around and talk loudly to each other when preparing the food. I expect them to put a little bit more respect especially when they know the customers are watching.
I recently went to this location at 5:20pm December 6 to be verbally assulted in front of employees and staff alike. I frequent honeygrow bring new coworkers time and time again. While I was in the mix of greeting one of their supervisor workers Ajua and Alexis begun to to continuous bombarded me with insult after insult and went as far as to come from the counter and bump me as well as threaten me multiple times. I am still a fan but after this I will be looking for the promt termination of these two workers as well as the manager Alex whom watched the entire occurrence go down or I will be pressing charges.
The food was swimming in sauce. Too salty and not enough vegetables or meat. It was mostly rice. Atmosphere was chaotic. For the price I'd rather get take out from Tampopo.
Honeygrow, the small glossy salad and stir fry bar in Center City, is a fairly decent lunch spot.  It's not terrific, and it's not terrible, but certainly palatable for the professional crowd.  I've been here twice and have had both the salad and the stir fry.  While the food is good, it's nothing to write home about, and it solidifies my notion that white boys should never make Asian noodles.

On my last visit, I decided to try the stir fry.  I went with the Smoked Oyster Noodles, which describes the sauce only (nary a smoked oyster to be found in the actual noodles).  It comes with scallions, "naturally raised pork", shiitake mushrooms, egg noodles, bok choy, and eggplant.  It is perfectly fine to eat, and at about $10 for the noodles, I felt compelled to get my money's worth.  

But as I was eating it, I couldn't help but thinking that something about it felt contrived. Maybe it was the fact that the dish didn't have a lot of flavor, and despite the fact that the ingredients meshed well together, there was something inorganic about it.  I even tried to revive the dish with some heat, but not even a healthy dose of their off-brand sriracha (ok first of all, don't you dare overcharge me for noodles and then not have the balls to offer the real deal sriracha instead of that imitation crap you have instead.  If there's no rooster on the bottle, I want no part in it.) could make the dish taste better.  I don't think it tasted bad, but there's a lot of room for improvement.  Let's just say that the Chinese lunch trucks that offer the same noodle dishes at a fraction of the cost shouldn't be worried.

I appreciate the locally grown food and the willingness to be "healthy", "local", and "organic" and what not, but at the end of the day, my major complaints are that the food, while good, is not great, and you can get much better and cheaper options nearby.  The salad at Morris', with Stephen Starr Catering no doubt, is like half the cost of what you would end up paying for salad here.  Overall, cool atmosphere, cool concept, and decent food, but it's expensive and bland and your money can be better spent elsewhere.
So, I've gone to this honeygrow about 20 or so times now (I work right down the block), and although still pretty good at times, they are very inconsistent. I always order the same thing. Rice noodles with the red coconut curry sauce. There are times my noodles are extremely overcooked and breaks way too easily. Sometimes, the sauce is too watery and doesn't stick well. Oh, and they got rid of the pepper flakes which I really enjoyed. It gave the noodles a nice kick.

The lines are still very long. I went before noon yesterday, and the line was still out the door. I thought me going early would avoid the rush, but nope! The upside is that they are faster at getting orders ready. I remembered waiting a good 30 minutes before, but yesterday was a fair wait time. They also now have a greeter that tells you when the next computer is ready so you're not wondering when you are up to order.
The food is not bad at honeygrow, but it's self-contradictory. They claim to offer healthy, wholesome food, but the alley adjacent to the restaurant on 110 S. 16th St. is disgusting...filthy trash bins overflowing with garbage, which is an obvious invitation to rodent infestation. 

I saw a couple of well- dressed people enter the restaurant and turn around and leave and I was kicking myself for not following suit. 

It's so disappointing  that a place that "promotes sustainable practices" doesn't consider the environment in which they serve their customers.
I was not impressed with Honeygrow. I did like how you can come in and order and pay with the Kiosks -- but I ordered 4 things in my stir fry and 2 of them came out wrong.  That was a little disappointing.  Plus the stir fry I ordered did not have a lot of flavor. Overall, I do not think I would return. For the price, there are other Asian fusion places that have much better, flavorful food.
So so good, with great staff and wonderful vide. Reason for 4 star is that lunch time is a bloody hell with the line right out the door, but that's what to expect from such a great place
A quick update that I do feel is warranted-

The CEO did reach out to me to reference my email and this yelp review (to which he was displeased about). The gentleman offered his apologies, and shared with me the steps he was taking to rectify the situation with the staff at the Philadelphia location (new training, ect). He also offered a free dining experience, which I do greatly appreciate but declined. I wished him good luck in his efforts and moved on. 

Customer service at the top level seems to be quite responsive, a great plus but I do intend to keep my rating the same as it is based on my initial experience.
I have been to Honeygrow twice now.  The first time for salad, the second for stri fry.  The two experiences could not be more opposite.  I loved the salad combination (Persampiere).  The croutons were flavorful and crunchy and coupled well with the dressing, which I had on the side, and the grape tomatoes and arugula.  The salad was heavy on the toppings and could've used more of an arugula base.   I wasn't a big fan of the chicken, but overall I would give the experience a 3.5/5.

My second visit was a huge dissapointment. Since I had success with the salad I decided to branch out to the stir fry.  Big mistake!  I order the Indonesian BBQ and was really dissapointed.  The ingredients seemed fresh, but the sauce was salty and flavorless. After eating half of it at my desk, I decide to "save it for later," which is code for letting it go bad in the fridge.  

As others have mentioned, consistency is a huge issue at Honeygrow.  I might go back to try out the salads again but am stearing clear of the stir fry for the foreseeable future.  I liked the vibe but probably wouldn't want to stay and eat there because of the loud music and open kitchen.
Love me some Honeygrow. Fresh ingredients & so many options (if you're an indecisive, semi-insane person such as myself, ordering could take a solid half an hour). 

The touchscreen order machines are super convenient, but it gets crazy crowded during peak hours so plan accordingly. I've probably tried 10 different combos of stir fry/ salad, and I've never been disappointed.
I came here yesterday for lunch with two friends and over all, had a fairly good lunch. The place was packed when I arrived a few minutes after 12, but I find the touch screen kiosks make the line move a bit quicker. An employee was handing out menus to those in line to make the process slightly smoother. 

I ordered the Persampier salad, which was great. The mozzarella was fresh, the chicken was moist, and the croutons were delicious. 

I only have 2 complaints, which I think they will figure out as they are open for a bit longer. You need to get your drinks down by the cashier, which is also the stir-fry area- so once my salad came out,  I had to wait in line to get my fountain drink- having the drinks near each of the pick- up stations would probably be more efficient.

Also, with all the healthy eating/local concepts coming up in the area- wish there was an idea of the calorie count per salad (or even just the dressings).
Price - $ (Cheap)  
Taste - Fresh healthy
Good: Smoothies

Honey grow is a fantasy land for Veggie lovers. Fresh fruit, veg and clean store for dining.

They really built up a good environment for healthy clean image. The open kitchen helps you see all the food making process. The self ordering system also easy to get use to it.

I personally like their juice. Unlike many beverage stores tend to put a lot of sugar to make juice taste better, Honeygrow really use fresh fruits for juice. And it taste very nature. Sometimes smoothie mix with lemon may taste sour, but you know it was made by true ingredient.

I will strongly recommend their salad and orange smoothie for a hot summer day chill.
Honeygrow does a lot of things really well:
-Smart ordering/payment system similar to Wawa
-Fresh ingredients / made to order
-Friendly / attentive service
-Intangibles, the vibe, feel, cleanliness, overall customer experience

So why only 3 stars? I was really impressed with everything until I started eating the food. The actual food is mediocre. I ordered noodles with shrimp and veggies and the sauce was way too heavy, and the flavors were just ok. By the time I got to the bottom, the noodles were soggy and too drenched in sauce. 

Not sure if I'll give this place another shot - awesome concepts/ideas, good execution on everything except the food.
If they're going to serve dine-in meals in takeout boxes, they should at least fill up the boxes all the way rather than just to 75%. The stir-fry production here has been so sloppy lately. And the flavors have been really bland -- maybe they have started using less sauce? Also the beef was cut too thick and was super tough. And they need to get a new supplier for their brown paper takeout bags -- they always break on me. Too bad - I used to be a big fan.
I have been WAITING for a customizable salad joint opened in center city. I've been waiting even longer for a good smoothie! Honeygrow, you light up my life. I work in center city, and go here for lunch several times a week, so does the rest of my staff. The ingredients are local, and fresh. Portions are great, and the prices even better! Its refreshing to see a locally owned business with such a great concept open up in the city! The owner is there all of the time, and getting to know his customers. The kitchen manager is open to feedback, and always willing to hear it! I have had almost everything on the menu, and haven't had anything I didn't like. SO SO SO excited honeygrow is here to stay!!!
This used to be my go to lunch spot but ever since they renovated, nothing tastes as good as it used to. Today I stopped by at 3:30, place was empty and I STILL had to wait like 20 min for a stirfry. Also, this is the second time I've left and come home to find that they didn't put the sauce in the bag.
Bad. Just bad, in every way possible. I understand this is the first day, and things take time to settle in. But they didn't even stumble out of the gate, they face-planted in the starting block. 

The food? A joke. I ordered a create-your-own stir fry dish with: egg noodles, bamboo shoots, bok choy, tofu, and spicy garlic sauce. The noodles had the distinct consistency of Ramen noodles, which isn't necessarily awful, except when you consider that my order cost me $11. The bok choy? In about 3/4 of a lb of noodles, I had 6 small pieces. The tofu? Maybe, mayyybbeee, a quarter cup of it, if I'm being generous. The bamboo shoots? Couldn't tell you, they forgot them. The sauce was actually fairly spicy, but wasn't anything special.

The wait? 40 minutes. This is a 'good food fast' concept, except they forgot the fast. The layout for the workers makes about as much sense as nipples that double as bright pink highlighters. Everyone is tripping over each other, and no one knows what they are doing. The touch screen ordering system is brand-spankin-new, and is already having issues. I know this, because in the time i stood around waiting, I got to observe them plenty.

Sanitary? Nope. Some of the staff didn't have gloves on, and were grabbing the salad items with their bare hands. There isn't much raw meat or anything going around, and the place is clean because it is brand new, but I saw people picking up trash/refuse, and then diving into a salad.

Oh, and I forgot to mention, it wasn't stir-fry. It is called stir-fry, but the only correlation with stir-fry is that some of the ingredients were cooked in a wok. The noodles were boiled and placed directly into the dish. The ingredients (the ones they remembered) were cooked in a wok, mixed with sauce, and placed on top. By the time I got back to the office, the noodles had fused into a solid mass. 

Two of my co-workers went with me, and both of their lunches were just as bad. One got an on-the-menu noodle dish (of which he had the same complaint about the noodles, and his beef was very fatty and chewy) and the other got a salad (it came with the wrong greens, and without 3 of the 6 toppings...and it cost $12).

The upshot: They went 0 - 3 with our meals, and first-hand I saw three people give up and leave and 4 return their meals. Everything is overpriced, and the service time is awful. The processing time will most likely improve as the staff learns how to do their job properly, but the food is still not going to be worth it.
The food was fantastic. My friends have been telling me to go to Honeygrow for months and I finally caved and went. The place wasn't too crowded as I timed it to miss the lunch rush. Ordering was easy and they have kiosks and menus to help you as well as an employee that greets you and will offer to assist you if you needed.
I ordered a spicy garlic stirfry and it was delicious. 9/10.
That being said, I witnessed something that occured that I hoped I didn't see. An employee was putting together my order from the wok to the box and finished the order and slid it to another employee and I heard yelling that was claiming the other employee wasn't "doing his job". I couldn't understand what he meant and I was confused because I thought the asian (I thought I heard them refer to him as panda??) employee was doing his job. Very unprofessional and was quite uncomfortable listening to the yelling especially in plain sight of the customer. The guy who was yelled at looked saddened and the other male employee at the register looked shocked at what happened. 
Please try to not let this occur again and if any correction or guidance needs to be done, I suggest Honeygrow managers decide to do it AWAY from customers.
Great concept and store design would fit in perfectly on Santa Monica Blvd in WE HO but tough to get  over the feeling of being ripped off! $8.48 for a chicken stir fry with at the most 2oz of shredded chicken (I am being generous) included in that price was an extra .35 for carrots. Where were the carrots where was the chicken?  It was a cute white container of over sauced brown rice. Flavor was nothing special.
Great location in the middle of philly, it's always packed and I love their ordering system. It's all done electronically in the building but on their in house touch screen systems. It was very efficient and allows you to scroll through each menu and item and decide. Unfortunately because it is in the middle of Philly, there is barely any street parking so beware and try walking.

Service was okay, this is where I ding them a star. Don't get me wrong, the front of the house, waitresses and cooks were all awesome! Super helpful in terms of informing new customers how their ordering system works, but the check out female was either having a really really bad day or hated her job. She was the one to take cash orders and also the one calling out orders when they were done in the stir fry lane. She was short, rude and kept giving customers the eye when she was being impatient. Not a single smile from her, barely a look in the eyes. She ruined the experience just a bit.

Let's get to the food though! Fresh! What can I say, I got the spicy sesame and curry. Both amazing. Of course I had to treat myself tot heir honeygrow bar and their dessert is also just as fresh, I recommend the amaretto crumble! It's all compacted into a to go box so you can stay and eat or leave. They also leave 3 condiments including hoisin sauce, sriracha, and soy sauce. 

Overall, a nice, clean, and efficient system they have. Will be back for sure. Happy eating!
Yelp reviews on this place made me want to check this out with my lunch buddy.  This cute fast food type of place was located right off Rittenhouse square.  There are a bunch of tables but they were all taken.  The line was out the door.

4 kiosks were available to take your order.  First I thought "how impersonal" then I thought "ohhh my order should be perfect".   It was perfect.  The wait was not very long to order my food or to wait for my custom meal.

I decided to 'Create my Own"  I had egg white noodles with chicken, mushroom, bean sprouts, bell peppers, roasted cashews, cucumbers and lite soy sauce.      They definitely could have used more chicken as I barely saw it in my container.   Tons of noodle.  Although I said lite sauce I still had a bunch of bottom of my container (I wonder if it's light sauce).  It was very tasty.  The portion was huge so I tossed about a third.  There is only so much noodles a girl can eat in one sitting.

My buddy had tofu, brown rice, pepper, broccoli, carrots, pineapple, scallions, cilantro and red coco curry sauce.   She really loved it.  She wants this to be one of our regular lunch spots.  I agree.

Price is reasonable - a bit under $10 for each of us.

The staff was very friendly and they had one person cleaning tables and talking to guests.  

There was plenty of staff working behind the counter/grill.

We will be back.
I the first time went to this place was 3 weeks ago and I keep coming back almost everyday!

The concept of the food is simple and brilliant... stir fry. Healthy Fresh food.

My favorite is make-your-own stir fry: Chicken with shrimp + Broccoli, snow peas and shitake mushroom + fried shallot with egg noodle.

The place is nice, clean, so transparent you can see your food prepared. But I always take my food home :)

The price is Good, The portion is Great.

Couple days ago they gave me too much food and have to use another container.. and... it's all for under $10.

For almost the same price, this place have better, healthier and tastier food than the Chinese Restaurant in the corner of my block.

The ordering process is super simple and quick.
1. Go straight to the touch screen computer to order your food
2. Swipe your card to pay
3. Get the your receipt look at your order # 
4. Listen to your number called when your food is ready.

So simple even a Caveman can do it... no, seriously....
Today was my first time to try Honeygrow and I will definitely be back. I tried the Stirfry with whole wheat noodles, chicken, egg, and vegetables (broccoli, spinach, and squash). The textures and flavors of the combination of fresh foods were perfect. The crunch of the added cashews completed the delicious meal in a box. 

I may have to return tomorrow for the salad that my daughter raves about so often.
I like the idea of this place, but I've had an issue 2 of the 4 times I've been. The first time they didn't make the modifications I'd entered for my meal. While they remade it, it also meant I was running late and didn't have time to finish my meal. And the other day I had a crouton-filled salad. I ended up picking most of them out, and they filled 1/3 of the container. Someone noticed me picking them out and asked if I'd asked for no croutons. When I said no, there were too many, he said 'sorry about that' and went on his way. Working in a restaurant myself, I don't think it takes much to turn a negative experience into a positive one, but I'm just not wowed.
Post-remodel review: Honey grow was closed for about a month or two for remodeling and just opened its doors again about a week ago. The place looks exactly the same except for the wood trimming, new order screens (it went from 5 screens to now 4) and maybe a bigger counter. 

Everything else is the same. Food is the same decent quality. Highly recommend the stir fry, because those are amazing! Decent portion and flavorful. Don't waste your time with the salads unless you're getting the noodle salad. In my opinion the noodle salad is the only salad here that's worth the money. Prices are a little higher for quick eats, you'll spend at least $10. I come here for lunch during the week sometime and always have to leave at 11:30 to beat the crazy out the door line that happens at noon.
I love honeygrow! My friend stopped into the city today with her mom and we wanted to grab a quick lunch. Honeygrow is the perfect spot for it. We got stir fry with chicken, and the portions are a good size for the price. I also love their lemonade. My friend's mom got salad that looked delicious, and she was very satisfied. I always feel good after I eat there since the food is pretty healthy and they don't overdo the sauce.
Interested in a place that offers healthy eating sourced from local produce? Quick eats? In the city? Stir fry and salads? Look no further - Honeygrow has arrived in Center City!

They offer an innovative and modern method of ordering.

Using the touch-screen, add or remove ingredients to make your own creation or choose one of their recommended dishes! 

They even go the extra mile by offering spouts for hoisin and siracha sauce - right by the self-serve soda fountain! Heck, they've even got Penn Dutch Birch beer on offer.

Cobb Salad ($10 with the bolded additions)
Mesclun mix, spinach, apples, grape tomatoes, avocado, grilled free range chicken, edamame, chickpeas, almonds, white balsamic vinaigrette

This salad was fresh, well dressed, and had a good mix of ingredients. The GF opted for a healthier version of a traditional Cobb - which meant the removal of the blue cheese, egg, and bacon. So ... essentially, this was a regular salad with the addition of edamame, chickpeas, and almonds. 

Still - each bite offered vibrant flavors and this was surprisingly filling for what 

I normally consider to be rabbit food. 

With that in mind - I opted for some stir fry.

Sesame Garlic Stir Fry ($9.75)
Snap peas, naturally raised beef, bell peppers, egg noodles, onions, carrots, scallion, sesame garlic sauce

This pre-designed dish was a nice punch of sesame and garlic, which coated the crunch of the carrots and onions. The snap peas and bell peppers offered juicy and fresh bites which were mixed with perfectly al dente egg noodles. The naturally raised beef were juicy nuggets that added a bit of heft to the melange of veggies. Very nice.

Overall, I would highly recommend stopping by Honeygrow if you're looking for a quick and fresh bite. There are a variety of toppings that can be added to any and everything. They've also got smoothies that are made to order. Definitely a nice addition to Center City.
I love this place! You are able to choose one of their pre designed salads or stir fry or create your own with the ingredients you want . It is super packed during lunch and dinner hours but they have their system down and they get your food out quickly and make sure that they are serving people as quick as possible.  I have made my own salad every single time I have been here and the ingredients are always fresh and delicious.  It is however a little pricey, but I think that the quality of the food you are getting makes it worth it (but prevents be from eating it more often).  Be careful of adding a ton of things that only cost .35, or you end up with a super expensive salad or stir fry quicker than you thought!  The only thing I do not recommend getting is their chicken for salads - it was sub par, not very flavorful, and I am personally not a huge fan of cold chicken.  

Beware of the size of their salads, they don't look huge but they PACK your container - I have never finished a salad feeling anything but completely stuffed, and all off of veggies!
