So we tried a new place and wow!  This place was amazing. It's super cute and quaint and quiet inside. The owner was gracious and the food amazing. I had the drunken noodles and I can't wait to go back and have it again. The only disappointment was that the pork dumplings have shrimp  in them. And I'm allergic. Don't mix seafood with meat. We had fried ice cream and both of ours came out like works of art. Five stars all the way
Quarantine edition: I was really craving Thai last weekend and this place did not disappoint! I couldn't decide between what I wanted so I ordered all 3 - shrimp drunken noodles, chicken red curry, and chicken yellow curry fried rice. The drunken noodles were AMAZING and the shrimp was so flavorful. The red curry was also really tasty. The yellow curry fried rice was good but not as spicy. Next time, I would probably order another fried rice option. I'm still dreaming of this food a week later and I'll definitely be back soon.
A real definite gem. 

This place has some serious lips-licking, scrumptious thai food. It's located in such an odd neighborhood for the type of place it is. Most of the businesses in this hood are bars and fried chicken takeouts. 

The decor was surprising trendy. Napkins were even nicely trifolded. 

But this place is definitely as good as Circles and Erawan. My friend and I ate here on a nice Saturday afternoon for a good hour....by ourselves! The only other customer that came in.....used the restroom only. LOL. So of course we both were getting a tad worried as we waited for our food to come. We ordered the pad thai and drunken noodles. But yeah...mmm-mmm yummm! BBQ chicken satay did not disappoint as well.

Oh yeah, this thai house is BYOB. Most awesome part? There's a wine and spirit right across the street. 

Prices were very reasonable for typical pad thai/drunken noodles.

This place needs more reviews!
I wish there was a six star rating. Pad thai was fantastic, but once I had the garlic duck I never went back. That dish will make you forget your problems. So, kids, stay away from drugs and enjoy the garlic duck instead.  

I went here a few times with a lady friend and can't believe I didn't review until now. Just took a friend here and he just sent me a text saying he's taking his parents there tomorrow. So, count this as two rave reviews.

Plus, it's BYOB and across the street from a liquor store.  

SIX STARS!
Thanks to all you Yelpers who pointed the way to House of Thai Cuisine on Cottman Avenue in the Mayfair section of Northeast Philly.  It really is a great find!

But, it did not seem that way when we first arrived on the scene.  Saturday night was the early celebration for St. Patrick's Day.  The streets were a sea of green -  drunken green. We had to weave our way around the crowded sidewalks, police corners, and pools of liquid whatever making for an obstacle course.  The block is not particularly attractive, and given the weirdness of the evening, I wondered how comfortable we would be once we entered the restaurant.  Would it be full of green curry? 

Amazingly, once we opened the door and went inside the world became quiet.  We were the only ones in the house.  The space was beautiful - classy wood floor, linen tablecloths and nice lighting. We were greeted by the owner/manager, who was gracious and seemed oblivious to the crashing roar outside.  In his domain, he was in control.  

The food was very good, too.  The Spicy Seafood Soup was loaded and tartly spiced.  My Vegetable Soup was full up with veg chunkies and Tofu, but could have been a bit hotter.  The Massaman Curry with Tofu and Sweet Potato was delicious, but surprisingly sweet.  My Drunken Noodles with Beef was simply great - a mountain of wide flat noodles, a ton of thin sliced beef, and a wonderful sauce.  I inhaled it. I did not even connect the fact that the roaring throng might be drawn to my inebriated pasta. 

The room slowly filled up, and even a few carousers in emerald beads and hats came in to chill over a Thai meal.  The atmosphere was calming and their welcome by the boss directed their energies well.  No problems. 

I really liked House of Thai Cuisine and put it in the class of my local favorite, Aroi Thai in Southampton.  When I want the distinctive urban charm of Mayfair, I will find myself there again.
Met a friend for dinner here and was thoroughly surprised how good it was!! Granted, it was a Wednesday evening around 6pm, so it was kind of empty... But the restaurant filled up as the night went on. 

Service was very attentive and waters were constantly refilled. My friend had the Pad Thai, and I had the Green Curry. Portion size was decent for the price and the food was great. The Pad Thai was not too dry and was evenly cooked (you'd be surprised how many places can't stir fry rice noodles). The green curry wasn't overly spicy but still had that curry kick. I thought it was actually better than most of the other Thai places in the city! Definitely want to come back!
Ok, so if you've read my profile you'd know that I really like Thai food. And if you wondered how come I don't have a review for a good Thai restaurant, I'll admit that I wanted to keep it a secret. But since the secret is out I might as well endorse their food. It is yummy with good sized portions and service that is attentive and polite. 

Coconut Chicken soup which was nicely flavored between the coconut and the lemon grass. The Pad Thai was great and the Pad-se-Ew was wonderful as well as the Panaeng Curry. Portions were nice size and prices were reasonable.
Recommended!
Hubby, BFF and I went to House of Thai last night for dinner. We got there around 8 o'clock, and it was pretty slow. I mean, only one other table seated SLOW. This was not my first time here, and it's very sad to me that it's never crowded when I come in. Mostly because the food here is fantastic (and for a great price!) and I will be so sad if they go out of business.

To start, BFF and I both got the Coconut Chicken Soup and Hubby got the dumplings. The soup was really excellent. Lots of complexity in the broth while still remaining nice and delicate. The dumplings were also very well-balanced, not too sweet, subtly spicy and very rich & flavorful. I also had a Thai iced tea and they had Thai iced coffees, both delicious.

For entrees we all had the Pad Thai- shrimp for BFF and I, steak for hubby. Both were super tasty. I love a peanut sauce that is not trying have so much in-your-face peanut butter flavor, but rather a balanced, flavorful sauce. This was certainly the latter. I probably won't get the shrimp again, as it was quite overcooked for me.

All in all, the ambiance was nice, the service was good and we really enjoyed our meal. 

Bonus: They offer take-out AND they deliver. Not that I don't love all the great pizza and cheesesteak delivery options of the Mayfair/Holmesburg area, but it's fantastic to have a Thai option as well. Also, if you eat in you can BYOB. This place has got it all. Try it, and you'll love it as much as I do, and you'll help a neighborhood gem stay in business.

They accept all major credit cards except for AMEX.
I came here on Mother's day with my family. I even made a reservation, anticipating the crowd, but there were only 2 other tables filled beside ours. The service was okay. Considering there were barely any customers, I would expect the server to check up on us more instead of once to fill waters. The food was mediocre; I've definitely had better thai food. We ordered the Golden Bags and Fried Calamari as appetizers (not shown in picture). They were good. My grandmother and I got the Pad Thai, which I thought was delicious. They don't give you an option of spicy, which I wished they had. Also, the pricing was a bit much for the portion sizes we had. My mom and brother got the House of Thai Delight. The rice give was like half a cup and the chicken was way too salty. Overall, it was a good dinner, but there can be slight changes to their prices and food.
While visiting Philly, I came upon this awesome hipster/trendy Thai restaurant.  The atmosphere was great, music playing totally uplifting! The service was good and the food was even better!  I started out with the traditional coconut milk soup, it has always been my favorite.  It was perfect.  Teetering on my choice of entree between  shrimp and duck , my date and I decided to get both and share.  The shrimp were delicious, not over cooked (I don't like when shrimp are over cooked) The duck was crispy yet juicy and it was yummy.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  Compliments to the chef!  From, Kimmy Kalsow, New York City
I ordered takeout. When I got home and tasted my food, I was surprised how delicious the food was. The coconut soup was soothing and creamy. I ordered drunken noodles and sweet potato and pineapple curry. Absolutely yummy. I wil definitely be ordering again and again.
A hidden gem. For the quality and taste of the food they serve, this place deserves more customers!!! It is almost always empty when I come here, both at lunch and dinner. I see people ordering take-out, but I do hope that more people will come out to dine here. I would hate to see this place go! The location is very unassuming, but once you enter the restaurant it is like you've walked into another world. The high ceiling, candles, fresh flowers, decor, jazz/classical music, and fancy napkins give the restaurant a really elegant, classy feel. 

Hands down, my favorite Thai restaurant in Philly. Lunch includes your choice of soup (chicken lemongrass or vegetable soup), one appetizer (vegetable spring roll, salad with peanut dressing, or fried tofu), and one main entree for a total of about $10, which is a GREAT value. Dinner is always enjoyable and reasonably priced. Thai iced tea is delicious and not overwhelmingly sweet. I highly recommend the vegetable dumpings, chicken curry puffs, spring rolls as appetizers. The honey duck is scrumptious. But, the garlic duck is even more yummy. Crispy and well seasoned. The drunken noodle is one of the best I've had in Philly. The mango curry's spiciness is just right and it has nice, big chunks of mango in it. The pineapple fried rice was flavorful, moist, and nicely sweetened. The mango sticky rice dessert is really good too!

None of the dishes I've tried here disappointed me. Super clean, super service, super delicious food. Everything super, super, super.
Best thai food I've had. 

I've been looking for a good Thai place in Philly since I moved back from New York..and my girlfriend and I decided to give House of Thai a try.  The restaurant is very nice inside; comfortable and bright.  On the night we went we were literally the only people in there which made us skeptical at first.  The person serving us was very nice and he was always there if we needed a refill.

I ordered the chicken Massaman curry and my girlfriend got the veggie drunken noodle.  The portions were pretty big for the price (mine was $10.95, hers was about $9).  The curry was some of the best curry I've had...the chicken was perfectly cooked white meat, the curry itself was sweet and not too watery or oily at all.  They use pineapple chunks and what I think was sweet potato!  It was just plain DELICIOUS!  Only thing I thought was missing from the curry was peanuts (whenever I order this elsewhere it has peanuts).  But everything else made up for that completely.

My girlfriends' drunken noodle was just as good!  The noodles were not mushy, the sauce was perfectly seasoned, the veggies were fresh.  Oh and we shared some veggie spring rolls which were crispy and yummy!

We will definitely be back there. Honestly, I wish they'd deliver to me whenever I wanted thai...
I think this is the best Thai in the Philly area.
I've searched high and low all over center city for delicious drunken noodles... and FINALLY found House of Thai Cuisine!

Always fresh ingredients, big portions, super friendly service, AND it's a BYO.
A perfect place for date night or a meal with friends.  If you love Thai food-- definitely check out this place!
Awkward location for such a elegant restaurant. Don't let the location fool you. This place is awesome! We had to choose a last minute spot for my boyfriends birthday dinner and we decided to choose here. I wasn't surprised we were pretty much the only diners in the restaurant but the staff didn't make us feel awkward or rushed to leave. The vegetable dumplings were amazing and they didn't skimp out on the fillings. The green curry had the perfect flavor. They had brown rice as option. Everyone else loved their entrees with no complaints. Our server was also very helpful on what entrees to choose from. What makes this place even more amazing is the price is very reasonable. I prefer this place over many of the spots around the city. Yay for great northeast thai dining!

Update: this place is amazing! They can omit fish sauce in any of their sauces they use since it's in most of it.
Treated myself to Pad Thai and Red Curry takeout last week (I was REALLY hungry) and it was just that - a treat! Amazing food, especially for the price. The flavor was on point for both meals, and the portion sizes were good so I had leftovers for dinner. Impressed that they didn't skimp on meat and veggies like some Thai places do (by loading up on the noodles/rice). Finally, service was super quick and it was finished and delivered in less than 30 mins!
Only gripe is I wish they came with chopsticks. Had to eat with a plastic fork and spoon ;(
The 7 years I've dined here, I've never had an issue with their food or their service. 

At times, the owner gives me Thai tea on the house. 

I love their thai sausage fried rice, chicken satay, and lemon grass soup! The flavors are never off. 

Honesty, I don't think I've never had a bad time here. 

One time, I was charge more than what it was supposed to be. Well, my girlfriend had picked the food up. So, I didn't know what it was supposed to be. The owner had called me and stated that he overcharged us, he kept sincerely apologizing. I started to feel bad instead. He told me he'll credit me next time I come in (it was about a $20 difference). However, I didn't dine in or order out in a couple of weeks and when I did, he remembered about the credit. 

That right there shows how much he loves and enjoys his customers!!! You'll forever have a customer unless I find something in my food (which I hope will never happen).
Tonight was my first night ordering take out from there. And it was fantastic! It is so easy to mess up thai food and these people surely did not. I ordered chicken pad thai because it was safe for my stomach right now. But in any case is delicious.

It was delivered fast and everything was hot. The other people who ordered with me ate beef pad thai, drunken noodles and pork red curry. There was no left overs. And that was not because the portion was small. There was a ton of food. 

The next time I order from there (which will be very soon) I will be ordering the duck. I am so excited that I can get thai duck in Mayfair. 

You must try this place. Like now.
The headline for this review would be "Where are the flavors?". Maybe the kitchen had a really off day or the chef had gone home leaving the folks from Tail Hook Tavern (the business next door) to run the kitchen perhaps? Trying to think how else it would be possible to botch up three dishes.

We were on our way back home from Philly and we figured we'll pick up Thai food en route. We were sold on this "gem" based on the reviews and placed our food order over the phone around 2:15pm on a Sunday.

Chose to get a Tom Yum soup, Pad Se Ew, Spicy Basil Fried Rice and a Pad Gra Prao (not on the menu).

The Tom Yum soup was the only thing that was half way decent.

The Pad Se Ew had broccoli in lieu of Chinese broccoli, something we can overlook if the rest of the dish came together well but there were technical flaws in the dish. The smoky flavor was far from present and it was a little too cloyingly sweet.

The Spicy Basil Fried Rice was devoid of any Holy Basil flavor which is the heart and soul of the dish. Whatever few leaves we found in the mix didn't even taste like holy basil. Apparently they went the substitution route like in the case of the regular broccoli in Pad Se Ew.

The last dish was the most disappointing of the lot. Pad Gra Prao uses minced or ground meat and has a big flavor from Thai Holy Basil,  Fish Sauce and light soy sauce in the most traditional sense. We get it that a lot of thai restaurants in the US use some oyster sauce in the mix which is still fine but the last thing one would expect is big slices of chicken and a slightly tart flavor in the mix. 

We had also asked for a Thai hot level of spice on this dish specifically but whatever we received was lame and disappointing (about buffalo wing hot). Going by the additional flavors in the mix we're guessing that they used Ta Dang chili paste (has tamarind in it which might explain the tartness)

Really disappointed on our first visit (and what might be our last one). One star for the food and one more for service. Must say that the individual managing the restaurant front was very courteous and friendly. Atleast they are getting the latter part right.
Cute little Thai place.  We started with the Veggie Dumplings..such a pretty presentation with green wonton skin.  Tasty appetizer.

I ordered the chicken pad thai.  They give you such a huge portion and it was pretty good.  A bit heavy on the sweeter side.  The bf got the red curry with pork; I thought it was pretty spicy.  My friend got the chicken pineapple rice which was surprisingly good.  I'd get that next time!
So me and my hubby were looking for a Thai cuisine around our area so we came across House of Thai. We decided to give them a try. When we enter around 3 pm, the restaurant was fairly empty. The restaurant has a nice romantic ambiance for couples. We started with lemon grass soup, fried tofu, shrimp golden, and veg dumpling. I loved their lemon grass soup and the fried tofu. Both enjoyed the shrimp golden very much, actually we ordered additional 2  orders of shrimp golden. The veg. dumpling is definitely not our appetizer. Then my hubby got Thai fried rice with shrimp, which he enjoyed dearly. I've tried the honey duck lunch special, but not really my favorite. Other than that, everything else were perfect.
This place offers very decent Thai food.  We started off with the soup and I enjoyed the coconut chicken soup.  The lemongrass soup, however, was a bit on the sweet side and was not served as piping hot as the coconut chicken.  TomYum is my usual starter soup, but they didn't have that on the menu! I would've thought that to be a staple at a Thai restaurant. 

The Pad Thai tastes pretty similar to that of Thailand.  It has a stronger hint of peanut than others pad thai dishes I've had, but I actually like that. The drunken noodle was also very flavorful, though I didn't see much basil in it. We also got the pineapple fried rice and green curry - fried rice was good but didn't taste much pineapple.  And the green curry was good as expected.  We requested all of the entrees to be spicy, and they pulled through. If spicy isn't your thing, be careful! Portions aren't huge, but they aren't tiny either.  But I guess that's to be expected of Thai.

Service is a bit slow. The restaurant is small, but there is only one server for the entire place.  Nice waiter, but probably a little more than he can handle? He did spill soup on my friend, but was extremely apologetic and when dessert time came, he did give him a free banana ice cream for the trouble.  Didn't even ask if we wanted it - he just brought it out. So that was nice. 

All in all, I would return.  Staff is nice, loved the pad Thai, and it was BYOB!  I would want to try the lunch special - seems like a good bargain.  But I probably won't make a trip specifically to eat here for awhile - the journey to try new authentic Thai food continues!
This place is absolutely great. I just moved to Philly and frankly have not been very impressed with many of the restaurants here. I like one or two places in Chinatown, haven't found a fave viet place yet and was looking for a good Thai place. Well, this restaurant is only a few minutes from my house, so I thought I'd give it a try.

We started with a bowl of tom yum soup (an absolute must any time I go eat Thai food), curry puffs, and shrimp golden (ie fried shrimp rolls). They were all fantastic. The curry puff was flaky and perfect. The tom yum soup hit all the right notes of spicy and sour. For our main, we had yellow curry fried rice and crispy duck with sweet and sour sauce. Both of them were great. Dessert was fried ice cream and it was good, although not the best I've ever had. It was still pretty high up there on my list.

The service was terrific. We went late and the waiter showed no impatience or annoyance that we would keep him working a while longer. He was very sweet and inquired about our needs while being unobtrusive about filling our water and taking our plates. He seemed genuinely pleased that we were raving about the food. The prices were also reasonable. I've spent twice as much at other places for the same food without the same quality and service and would have happily spent that much to eat here.

I was just about to give up on Philly having any good Asian restaurants. I'm glad to see I was wrong. I'm definitely be coming here regularly. Now if I could just find a good steakhouse and a good French restaurant...
I had their Pad Thai for lunch, which included an appetizer and soup. I loved it. I was so happy to finally find a place in NE Philly with decent Thai food. 

I only gave them 3 stars because I went there a second time and got take out for dinner and the pad thai tasted nothing like what I had for lunch the first time. It tasted bland like somewhere that was trying to make pad thai but failed. I will say that the dinner take out portion was plentiful but quality was very disappointing. 

I'm going to try them out again for lunch and hopefully that one time was a fluke.

-----
UPDATE: 

I went for lunch again and got the Pad Thai. It was just as good as the first time! I wonder if they have a different cook for dinner or was the chef having a bad night during my previous experience. I'll up it to 4-stars for LUNCH only. 

I believe they are BYOB.
House of Thai is a solid dinner option in Northeast Philly, where they are sadly few and far between.  I ordered. A chicken curry dish with pineapple that was delicious. My dining companion ordered pad thai which looked delicious. I will definitely have to try that next time. 
The prices were great, the food was good, service was good, and it's a BYOB. Yes I will most definitely be back.
Very quiet and small place but it's set up and decorated very formally. I had went for the first time during lunch (which lasts between 11am-3pm) and For 2 people we payed $21.49 each person was able to get a soup, then a choice an appetizer and of course and entree. I thought the food was satisfying and tasty and presented really nicely...I probably will return when I need a Thai food fix.

oh! Also much of the menu had a vegetarian option so you veggie people out there won't have to miss out! :3
This Thai restaurant is an absolute gem in this neighborhood; I hope people continue to support it and tell others to keep it alive. The owner is a local NE Philly person so it would be a real shame otherwise.

The 3 course lunch special of soup, starter and main for a cheap $10 is too good to be true. The soups are ok, the veggie papaya salad has this amazing peanut salad sauce, and the mains are very filling. They do pride themselves on their noodles and the Drunken Noodle which has basil as a special flavoring seems to be the local favorite. But I think it's ok and not my fav on the basis that the basil taste needs to be more spread evenly throughout the dish and not sparse. Don't hide the highlight ingredient! I do enjoy their Pad Thai noodle and like this the most. I skip the fried rice stuff just bc I don't care for it but do give their green curry a try.

The decor/ambiance: It is totally out of place to this neighborhood. Inside it's serene, well kept, clean with modern updates. Outside and most of the other establishments in this neighborhood are a bit scrawny/not updated for a while.

The service is polite, polished and attentive. It's a one man show but since the place is not big, you make do and understand. But I haven't seen this place packed to the max. Sadly I wish I could so that this business will have a higher chance of staying on!

I will definitely use this place for take out comfort noodle food going forward vs the other Asian/Chinese cuisines. They no longer do deliveries but it's centrally located on Cottman so not a problem. Last note: Call before you go during the big public holidays.
Don't know why this place is empty! Food is delicious, service is wonderful. Restaurant is clean and inviting. Definitely suggest trying it out.
Very great place for lunch. $10.95 for lunch combo crispy duck, fried tofu and soup... Will definitely return. Great service also.
House of Thai is one of NE Philly's most consistent restaurants. That's why it is rated so highly. A majority of the time, we have gotten take out of HOT but have also eaten in a few times, as well. 

Food: The food is always the same. That's always very important to me. If you like a fish, you want to get it again and you want it to taste the same. The food is very consistent, tasty and fresh. 

Price: This is also a BYOB, which is a huge plus if you're looking to save some dough... The food is slightly pricier than the usual take-out Asian fare but it's worth it because it is good and the portions are sizable. 

Service: always have had the same pleasant gentleman serve us; this has never been a problem. 

Ambience: it's a surprisingly quiet spot off of a busy street, but as far as decor it is pretty sparse. Not that that that matters. It is MUCH nicer than, say, a Chinese restaurant take out place. 

All in all, I highly recommend.
This was a pleasant surprise of a restaurant. Nice atmosphere and friendly wait staff with good food. Drunken noodles, red curry, and shrimp pineapple fried rice were all cooked perfectly.
Had to drive 20 minutes to this place yesterday because the Thai places close to me sucks. I'm talking about you, White Elephant. 

Anyways on to the food. I ordered two things for take out and I don't know if the portion sizes are different from takeout than eat in but the curry puffs were damn near highway robbery. 6 bucks for two tiny puffs the size of my thumbs? Are you kidding me? Good thing the pad thai was a good size and fairly tasty or I woulda flip my shiet. 

No House of Thai, you are not Morimoto, up your damn puff quantity.
This small restaurant, run by very friendly and solicitous folks, is a comfortable place for a meal.  We had lunch there today when the restaurant offers a good set-up of soup-appetizer-entree for a shade under $10.  The soups and appetizers showed careful preparation with quality ingredients, we especially liked the clean and tasty broth of the vegetable soup and the greaseless fried tofu.  

Of the main plates, the green curry (with pork) was our favorite but the drunken noodles (redolent of Szechuan pepper) also pleased.  I found the Pad Thai (with shrimp) too cloyingly sweet, a pity since the toothy noodles and the shrimp were good.

The food offerings here do not differ from other area Thai places but you will find well-done renditions of things you already know.
I ordered the red curry sauce with chicken and I didn't expect much due to so many Thai places lacking the right flavors. You know what I'm talking about such as the thick milky red curry sauce that I was used to getting ..lacking depth  and substance. 

When I had my first spoonful I swear I saw fireworks. The sauce was perfect and I admired the red oil floating in the sauce instead of that thick yogurt looking crap I got at south Philly (ameri Thai ) the list goes on. 

Point is, this place cooks from the heart and it may be empty at times but don't let that discourage you from eating there. Best Thai I've had since baan Thai down northern liberties.
This place is small, elegant, and a true gem of the Northeast.  I don't think it's Hipster anything, just because it's in Mayfair and if you're from Philly you know that NO Hipsters live anywhere near Mayfair.  My parents recently moved back home from Florida and have been searching for a new Thai place to eat, after going there last night...I think they've found it!  It's BYOB...AWESOME!  If you go and forget to bring a nice bottle of Sake there's a most convenient liquor store directly across the street!!  

I'm a vegetarian and they had a great selection for us non-meat eaters.  The prices were fair, the food was impeccable, and the service was outstanding.  Their Panaeng Curry was amazing, but I had the sauce from the Mango Curry as well as the Curry Duck and it was equally as good.  

They also have take-out which is all kinds of awesome and dangerous as I will be ordering from them most likely on a weekly basis.
Toady, I went to House of Thai and I can say it's a very good Thai place in the Northeast area. There are not many good Thai places in the area, but this one is definitely the top of the chart. We walked in and we were greeted by a gentleman we did not sit in, but we did get take out. We skimmed through the menu and we found a few platters that looked very appetizing and even after asking the gentleman about certain dishes, his knowledge was extensive and he did a very good job in answering my questions. My girlfriend order the Chicken Pad Thai and I ordered the Drunken Noodles, because I wanted to try something different. My girlfriend ordered a Thai Tea which was definitely something she nor I have ever had; it tasted very good and refreshing. I also got a side order of Sticky Rice and also the Lemongrass Soup. Our meals were amazing and we both enjoyed the food, I think next time we are going to dine in and bring a bottle of wine since it's BYOB. We will be back!
What a delight! This cute little BYOB seems quite out of place on a NE Philly block primarily containing hair salons and bars. The decor was classy and modern, and the food was by far the best Thai I've sampled in a long time. I had the vegetable soup and the mango curry, my husband had the spicy seafood soup and the drunken noodle. Dee-lish-us!! A combination of great flavors and spices in each of our dishes. We were only sorry we hadn't found this gem sooner. Our server was friendly and attentive; and the portions and pricing were what we would expect at any finer restaurant. We can't wait to tell our friends!
We really enjoyed our first visit last night as I believe they recently reopened (formally Koa Tip)after there remodeling,which by the way,they did a great job the place looks real nice.
I started with the coconut chicken soup,very good, then the Siam Chicken also very good, crispy chicken pieces served over broccoli and string beans w/peanut sauce, great presentation also.My wife had the crazy noodle,dirty noodle or something like that w/shrimp and was very happy with her choice, delicious! Service was good,food great, cozy BYOB. This will be a regular stop for us now,hope there able to stick around a while for everyone to enjoy.
Somehow I stumbled across this spot (silly me for thinking the Northeast didn't have good Thai food). LOVE the food here, especially their garlic chicken and their chicken satay. Like so good I'm smacking. On the other hand, I can tell that they only use whatever vegetables they have in the restaurant. I'll randomly get tomato or something that doesn't really match the vibe which sucks because I likes my green veggies but okay fine. I'll definitely be back but I'll ask about what side veggies they have that day.
I use to work next door in the nail salon and would always eat at this place for lunch and never was I disappointed just the other day I drove by after many years and was so excited that they was still there came in and still this may be the best thai place I ever been to! everything on their menu seem to be amazing!
This place is soooo delicious! So far every course has been amazing! Please give it a try! It's BYOB, the service is perfect, it's reasonably priced and the food is yummy!
Came here with two girlfriends about a year ago and thought the food was great.  I don't know why it took me so long but I finnally came back tonight with my husband and had another great experience.   We had the tai dumpling appetizer which was excellent.  For our main course I had the panang fried rice and my husband had the spicy eggplant.  I had no complaints as far as my meal was concerned although I think my husband made the better choice.   I'll probably be ordering that the next time.  We don't go out to eat to but I think this place will be on our list as far as local places to go to when we want to eat out and they offer take out too when we just want to stay at home.  You can expect good food, good service,  and a good value here and it's a byob which is always great.  I think we would definitely come back and maybe even bring others here in the future.
Best Thai restaurant in NE Philly.  I have eaten here many times and have not been disappointed. Cute and cozy place for date night. Some of the Thai dishes that I have tried in other places are normally spicy.  The dishes here are served relatively mild. So if you like heat like I do, make sure to ask for it.
Going to a Thai restaurant, it's a must to order Pad Thai. So I got the chicken/shrimp combo and it was so so. It was just sweet & sour but not really packed with flavor. I've had wayyyyyyy better

Golden Bag: 3 out of 5 (had better)

What to order: garlic w basil stir fry, we got beef and it was absolutely amazing. My mouth is still drooling!!! Oh so good! 

Ambiance is cute, not to shabby :)
My wife & I, we headed down to the restaurant after a long day at work.  It was pretty easy to find the restaurant, of course we used the help of a modern technology (GPS).  

The restaurant is nicely decorated with a contemporary setting and the music (jazz) is very suitable for a peaceful evening dining.  

We had fried calamari & salmon salad for appetizer and crispy duck with green curry & Tilapia for main course.  The foods were fantastic and the dessert (fried banana) was delicious.  The service was exceptional.  

I would say this is a gourmet restaurant, not just any restaurant.  Thank you for all the good foods.
Great food and excellent authentic Thai Tea makes this an excellent choice for when you want to spice up your lunch or dinner however bring your wallet because they are expensive. If they would offer early bird, lunch or any type of special it would be the first.
Very good Thai food. Taste was authentic, the dishes are generous... I couldn't finish my lunch. I would definitely recommend this place and planning to come back.
Very cozy and small inside of the restaurant. If you're close to the cashier space, you can hear multiple children screeching upstairs. THEY DO NOT GIVE YOU FORKS, SPOONS, OR NAPKINS.

I ordered penang curry with pork, pad thai chicken and papaya salad. The papaya salad is 60% salad and 40% sauce. I could not taste anything but fish sauce. The penang curry was not spicy as I thought it would be and I still couldn't get the fish sauce taste out of my mouth so I wasn't able to enjoy it. The pad thai wasn't the best I've ever had and it wasn't the worst so it was somewhat average. Very saucy and didn't have a lime on the side for you so no kick in flavor. 

Overall, this would probably just be like another generic chinese restaurant but a thai version with nice decor inside.
Delicious pad thai much closer to home than usual my favorite spot in University City. Parking can be hard to come by and the venue itself is pretty small with only half a dozen tables, but the food is consistently delicious and the atmosphere is cozy bordering on romantic. Whenever I'm not eating here I'll place my order to go as I make my way from work to home.
I was ecstatic to find this little gem close to where I just moved. The decor was really modern and tasteful. Beautiful floors and although small, it was a very quaint spot. I ordered the Tom Yum (lemongrass soup) and it was yummy. It wasn't the best I've had but it was a close second or third. I also had the mango salad and that was so deliciously refreshing and filling. I was disappointed when it ended. It was so crisp and the dressing was absolutely delicious. My husband ordered the Penang curry with steak and he thoroughly enjoyed it. It had a nice kick but after the first bite it just kept getting better. 

We will definitely be returning and frequenting this place. Service was really good and friendly as well.
Very good food and great service. There is a Wine and Spirit shoppe across the street and they are BYOB.
Food and service were awesome. 

Heard about this place online and been wanting to try it for a while. Great lunch specials, we ordered the Pad Thai and duck. They both came with a salad and choice of appetizer for about $10 each. Inside the restaurant is really clean and nice.
Amazing food.  I went with a large group of people and we ordered almost everything on the menu.  We enjoyed everything. I highly recommend this place.
Our experience was amazing! We were a party of 9. Our waiter was so kind and attentive, the food was exquisite, and they have the best Thai iced tea I've ever had. Not to mention, everything came out in a timely manor. We would all LOVE to return.
Beautiful. Delicious. Reasonably priced. Great service. Drunken noodles amazing delicious. Phillys best kept secret!!
This restaurant needs more people to know about it than my five star review cause it already got great reviews from many others. 

Just visited this restaurant for the first time and I agree with others, it has been a great experience. We ordered the lemongrass soup, mango salad for appetizer, both were pretty good except I regretted not asking extra spicy. Entree we ordered pad thai, pineapple fried rice and green curry duck. The Pad Thai taste is authentic though the noodle was a bit too soft. The pineapple fried rice was great and again, should have asked for more spicy. The curry duck was exceptional! Duck was deep fried but still moist, the only bad thing about the green curry is I wish there were more! Ended the night with mango sticky rice, very authentic and they added crispies which was a nice touch!

Environment was modern and cozy, and BYOB! Though it wasn't very busy for Saturday night, really wish this establishment is here to stay!
I random on YELP forThai restaurant at lunch time while my husband and I went to PA for some business one day.  It turns out that we had a good choice ... as soon as we walked in .. we received a warm and smile welcome from the waitress. I don't expect much from the flavor of authentic Thai food because some ingredients are hard to find here and I am Thai so I know authentic Thai food very well.  We decided to have the lunch set .. and we both started with Chicken Lemongrass Soup .. it was so good .. beyond my expectation for the flavor... The Appetizer for me was Fried Tofu while my husband had Vegetarian Spring Roll .. it was ok. My Entree Lunch set was Pad See Ew - Fried Pork with flat noodle and Broccoli ..even it does not have a strong flavor but it was good enough.. its taste was mild mix with some spice in the dish. My husband chose Crispy Duck with rice ... of course I tried his. The duck was so crispy and delicious. Even though it was not the best Thai food I have tried in the US, dishes here are worth to spend ...  The only one thing that frustrated us was no parking lot of their own. We have to pay for parking on the street and ended up with fine $26 because 45 min not enough for lunch and enjoy the food ha ha ha ..... if you visit House of Thai Cuisine .. I recommended Chicken Lemongrass soup and Crispy Duck .. You will love them :)
Thank goodness there are so many reviews! I fear always I will go one day and they will be closed as I never see many people in there. If you like Thai food or want to try it for the first time, come here!!! $10 3 course lunch special. Reasonable dinner prices. Lemongrass soup is fantastic, salad with the peanut dressing as well and the pad Thai delectable! Last visit we got adventurous (bestie accompanied me and my girls, 9 & 12) because no lie we all order the same dish every time. I tried drunken noodle. It was just OK. I liked the amount of kick but it didn't compare to my pad Thai. My 12 year old got a veggie dish with rice, she ate all the veggies she liked and left the rest lol. The Little got veggie pad Thai with tofu. Bestie stayed tried and true and even let me steal a little of hers. Yes it's small but beautiful. Service will be tough if he ever does get a lot of ppl in there at once but since it doesn't seem to happen one waiter works for now. Please keep this place alive!!
This place is a nice little place with some authentic thai. Seafood soup is good reminds of my time chiang mai. Well maybe not that good but close. Also vegetable dumplings yum.
FANTASTIC little Thai place in the heart of Mayfair.  I'm right in the neighborhood, but only gave it a try recently.  I could kick myself for not trying it out sooner. 

Stopped by on a Sunday night with the girlfriend, she and I both had curry dishes with shrimp, and they were as good as any I've had anywhere.  The lemongrass soup was wonderful, and the fried tofu appetizer was addictive. The dining room is spotless, the service was warm, attentive and friendly, and there's a liquor store right across the street if you forget it's a BYOB.   So good I ordered online the following week, and that was seamless too.  Can't say enough good things.  Go.
One of my favorite spot in the north east Philadelphia area. The food here is amazing. I usually get the Red Curry or the Drunken Noodle and spring rolls on the side. It's really worth it and staff is friendly. One of the best Thai restaurants I ever been too!
The food is so fresh and delicious! I have a seafood allergy and they are very accommodating. I will ask to make my food with no fish sauce or oyster sauce. They are friendly and I always look forward to coming back!
Went there the other day with my boyfriend and I have to say the interior is very nice, however really small. So as a result, you hear ALL of the conversations around you. However, that's besides the point. The food here is good, not over the top amazing, but really good for the price and area. For our app we had the golden shrimp which were tasty but a but pricey for only 4 pieces as I know places in center city that give you 6 for the same price. For my entree, I got the drunken noodles which were again tasty but not amazing. My boyfriend got the sweet sausage fried rice, which he liked.

BUT THE BEST THING THEY HAVE IS THE MANGO STICKY RICE! The dessert reminded almost of how my grandma makes it. Although the rest of the food was just okay, the mango sticky rice was amazing!

Bonus Points for real thai tea!
I love that House of Thai is conveniently right around the corner of my house. When I'm craving Thai food and I'm feeling like a couch potato to even drive down to Chinatown, I settle for House of Thai. I usually order their Pad Thai with 2 meats. It's plentiful and it tastes good. It's not the best pad thai, but good enough to satisfy my cravings. I've had the Drunken Noodles and the Pad Se Ew also. Not a fan of the Pad Se Ew, but the Drunken Noodles are good, however, I enjoy their Pad Thai the most. 

It's a simple place to dine; the service is attentive and friendly. I've also ordered take out plenty of times as well & have never received anything in error. I would recommend this place to friends.
My coworkers kept talking about this place, saying it is a great Thai place and very authentic. So, I tried it for the first time today and it did not disappoint. I ordered Drunken Noodles with shrimp and Thai Iced Tea. It was amazing and the portions are huge! I will definitely be ordering from them again (maybe tomorrow, lol). My co-workers ordered Pineapple Fried Rice and Pad Thai, which were also very flavorful. I've had plenty of Thai food from various restaurants in the past and so far, this place is very authentic with their ingredients. 

Price is typical Thai restaurant prices; $12.95 for the drunken noodles and $2.50 for the Thai Iced Tea. 

My advice- try it! You'll love it and you will go back!

*I have gone back to House of Thai numerous times since this review and I always order Shrimp (sometimes veggie) drunken noodles with Thai Iced Tea and every time, I am satisfied with the quality of the dish. You can really tell that they use fresh ingredients.
Been here a few times and each time was great! Service is always professional and polite. Very sweet people working here. The restaurant is small and usually quiet. Each time I went during lunch and each time there was only one other couple eating there. 

I loved the shrimp fried rice and the spring rolls. So yummy! And my son loves the fried ice cream! Food is tasty and comes out hot and fresh! Prices are great. 

My only prob is meter parking. It's a busy intersection and one time I spent about 10 minutes riding around for a spot and each time I have to hurry my meal or go back and forth to put money in the meter so just be aware when you go about parking and to have change for the meter.
Lovely ambiance - romantic but not. Food is delicious served hot. Server is friendly and full of information.
Picture me rolling . . . or rather scrolling, down my iPad screen looking for healthy take out options in the NE Philly area. Am I a spoiled little LA girl? I never thought so until now. Where is the Thai food in Philly !!! 

Oh that's right it's at the House of Thai. They don't deliver but it's a cute little restaurant and very nice decor - no hole in the wall here. I really wanted yellow curry but they only had green and red so I went with the Pad See Ew instead. It was delicious ! 

It tasted completely different from any pad see ew I've ever had - it wasn't spicier but there was more of a peppery taste to it which was super good. Thai tea met all expectations as usual. Took about 15 mins for take out and there is ample metered parking outside.
This place is not only amazing with the presentation of the food but the taste of the food is pristine as well. The nice ambience of the staff and scenery is just what you're looking for when you show up to eat at a lovely restaurant
Great food, but if you want to dine in they will not seat you close to 10pm. I would even bet 9:30. After then, it's take out only. They should probably list this in their information.
The food is amazing here.  Service is wonderful too. I had the Spicy Basil Fried Rice with Chicken. Delicious!!!! A definite must. It came with a salad with peanut sauce that was great and Vegetable Lemon Grass soup. Fresh cut vegetables in the soup and the broth was so tasty. Definitely come here. Not too pricey either.
Cute place a couple miles away from my Muay Thai gym. I ordered takeout and got a papaya salad and a tom kha soup. Salad was flavorful and the right amount of spicy and the tom kha soup was good too, nice balanced amount of sweetness from the coconut milk and decent amount of chicken and veggies. Would definitely order from here again and would also try eating here instead of getting takeout.
I'm always coming back to this place and it's great every single time. The quality is good and the prices are fair for what you're getting. 

I personally enjoy their Pad Se Ew, Calamari, and Thai tea but I would recommend the entire menu with confidence.
We went here today for an early dinner. We were lucky to get a parking spot right out front. This restaurant is small, but classy. Linen napkins, nice ambience. We ordered spring rolls and steamed dumplings for our appetizers. These dishes came out quickly! The spring rolls were my favorite. Crispy and flaky on the outside - a minced vegetable filling. So good! The dumplings were okay, I prefer a toasted outside, but you won't get that if they're steamed.  My boyfriend ordered the Pad Se Ew, stir fried flat egg noodles tossed with egg and broccoli. He added beef. He didn't like this, thinking it bland. He is hard to please though.  I had the Drunken Noodles with shrimp. Tasty! Flat noodles tossed with egg, basil leaves, onions, carrots, etc. I could taste lemongrass and other flavors. 
Everything was fresh and delicious. Cheap too. All this was only $36.00+ tip. Will be back
Not sure why this place was empty when I came, but I kind of want it to stay that way. I came with a friend around 2pm today (Saturday) and we were the only ones in here. I'm not sure why. Because it was amazing. For an appetizer we got the spring rolls. So good. Great appetizer portion to split among 2-3 ppl. I got the spicy basil fried rice with pork as my meal and it was so good. I ate every last bite. Great portion sizes too. My friend got the shrimp and chicken pad Thai and loved it as well. This isn't really close to my house, about a 25min drive, but my friend said it was great and it didn't disappoint. It's BYOB and there's no corkage fee. Definitely worth going too.
This place is AWESOME!!! The food is great. I have tried a few different dishes all have been wonderful. The best thing is that they deliver.
This is a hidden gem on you got it on 3500 of Cottman Ave.....you may have passed it and never noticed it.....by the review a lot of people are noticing it........if you like Thai or your open to new experiences go here.... Jump in you car now.  The inside is very cozy........quiet...very nice place......excellent service......outstanding food......we start off with the salad with peanut dressing and the party begins on out palettes......then we move to the Shrimp Lemongrass soup.....very tastey.....then the Drunken Noodles.....light spice.....all sort of flavors going off......all for $21.00 per person for dinner........plus tip and tip well they work hard......an outstanding meal...... the Northeast isn't known for there restaurants and there are a few......this is one of them........go with an open mind and enjoy.....
Love this place, everything I've had has been so yummy and they hit the perfect amount of spice. My fav dishes are the shrimp in garlic sauce and the stir fried veggies, extra spicy for that extra kick!
The pad Thai noodles was overcooked, but the fried calamari and Panaeng Curry Fried Rice made up for it.  Don't forget reservations or they'll put you at the table by the door.  There's a draft.
Satay and chicken red curry Togo.  The food is good. Satay a bit under season and could use a little bit more time on the grill for more color. peanut dipping sauce was ok and was ice cold. The most exciting part of that apps was the pickled cucumbers veggies.  Didn't even know it came with the satay apps. The red curry was flavorful and very aromatic.  Love the coconut milk flavor and the fresh Vietnamese coriander they put in it. Could use a lot more heat though. It wasn't hot at all. Overall, very good. Will definitely come back but this time to dine in. The restaurant is small but it is smart, sexy, and very intimate.
"If you hadn't taken me here, I would've NEVER thought a place like this would be HERE." Those are the words of my co-worker on Friday when we took a trip into Mayfair to eat at House of Thai. Nestled along a strip of closed down stores, a corner store, countless neck tattoos, and an 8 year old walking a 75 pound Rottweiler, House of Thai DOES seem a bit out of place. You walk in, and its a legit sit down restaurant; small, but nice. Clean tables and soft music playing from the over head speakers. We sat down and were greeted promptly and placed our orders. I went with the chicken pad thai (duh!) with the salad and coconut chicken soup. The salad came and was tasty; properly dressed with a peanut dressing. The soup was next and was DELICIOUS. This is from someone that doesn't even LIKE coconut. The soup was perfectly balanced, with this lemony kick that complemented the soup perfectly. Then the main course, the pad thai. Again, delicious, and with a heaping portion size that filled me up. My two co-workers, one that "didn't like" pad thai and one that never had it, were both converted. One went BACK to get a to-go order to take home, and the other wouldn't shut up about how "pleasantly surprised" he was, since he thought he wasn't going to like it. 

The one knock on House of Thai, besides being in Mayfair, is that it did take a while to get our food. While the dishes were spaced nicely, it took a lot longer than expected to get our main dishes. We actually asked for the check when the pad thai's hit the table so that we could hurry up and get back to work. 

I totally recommend it, and will definitely be back. Lunch (salad, soup, pad thai) and tip came out to about $14 per person. 

OH, also, BYOB!
Spotted by this place yesterday, and to my surprise the food and ambiance was very nice, the dumplings were on point and the chicken thia pad is second to none. I would suggest this place to anyone
A tasty find! We happen to spot this place and give it a try one night on a whim and what luck. When you enter the place you feel like your in a fine dinning restaurant in center city. The waiter is prompt and very personable. Quick to refill drinks and bring your food. And the food...WOW fantastic Thai food! Very well priced. I just realized they have take out and delivery as well. If you get their take out menu it has a 10% off dine in coupon attached. The must try gem of Mayfair!
This is your best bet for Thai food in the northeast. Boo genuinely values the people who come in the door and at this point I consider him more of a friend than a business owner. He genuinely cares about your experience and will go WAY out of his way to make certain it's great.

I cant say enough good about this establishment. Just go try it! I recommend you eat in, as the presentation and attention to detail is somewhat lost on carryout orders. It's not their fault, it's hard to pack that kind of beauty into a plastic container!
House of Thai Cuisine has the BEST Thai food that I have had in a long time and the service was great as well.
It's just us and the cooks. I should get fast service
Well,well, the service was very fast I may say since we were the only ones there.lol
I had the Spring Rolls and they were delish..... Then the pineapple fried rice with chicken and pork and it was very good. The prices were also very good and it is BYOB. sweet...... I give them 4 out 5 for now. I'll be back sometime this month for something different to make sure they are the real thing.The food was very good. It's good to know I have a nice Thai restaurant close to home.
Thank you YELPERS!  I was praying there was a good Thai restaurant in the northeast and you led me to one.  Stopped in here for lunch with mom last week and what a wonderful meal.  We wanted to share the lunch special, so we could try a few additional appetizers.  Our server was so accommodating and did not even question our request.  We shared the fried calamari, which was so amazingly delicious I had to fight mom for the plate.  We then had the chicken lemongrass soup, Thai salad and the red curry with pork - all were tasty and beautifully plated.  The bill was around $30 for two and we happily paid excited about what we would try on our next visit.
This place is the definition of hidden gem. Who knew there would be good Thai food in the middle of Northeast Philly? I love Thai food, so I was skeptical walking into this restaurant. But man, did I LOVE the food here. We enjoyed everything we ate, so I don't think you can go wrong with any of the menu items. Try the papaya salad if you can! We will be back.
5 Star. Food is like Thai. I have been to many restaurant and finally found a winner. No need to look any further. I drive up From DELAWARE and it was worth every penny.
From the red or green curry to the pad thai or chef specials everything is authentic and wonderfully spicy. Also I recommend trying their thai tea, especially if you need a caffeine boost! Delicious food, just a little bit pricey compared to other places. Maybe if they up the portions or had more specials I could afford to eat here more regularly.
House of thai is a awesome resturant located in the NE section of philadelphia. During a late night crave for some chicken pad thai I had the pleasure  to stop by this resturant. What I can say is the chicken pad thai was a bit too saucy but overall it was delicious!!! The owner and workers are very friendly and offered great great customer service! I would definitely recommend this place if you also have a late night crave for some chicken pad thai. :)
Excellent Thai food place in northeast Philadelphia lunch special deal 12-2pm is amazing three courses for under $10.
I have the pad Thai mm mmm good
Being a out of towner and coming across this place on Yelp, was heaven sent. The place is quaint and cute. The food amazing. I tried the coconut curry soup as well as the basil fried rice with shrimp and chicken. Perfection. 

I've sent several coworkers to the place and they have the same sentiment. 

Definitely recommend this place.
First time here my wife took me here for my birthday dinner and its a great place, very clean and the food is amazing..
I have been to Thailand before and it's a great taste of food.. I also tried the spring rolls and the fried pork so amazing in taste.. I can't wait to go again..
This is a great local Thai spot! It's def a competitor of Thai chef noodle fusion. The food was delicious and the atmosphere as well. We ordered the steamed veg dumpling which were amazing (5/5) and the pad thai both chicken and tofu were well made also (4/5). Parking is a bit tough
Vegetable soup is awesome. Followed up by a fabulous spring roll and beef with garlic for the main course.  Everything was excellent. All for $9.95 
I'll be back many times.  Empty at lunch but because of the area.  Get here if you can.
I like the spring roll also had the the shrimp salad was great,my sister had the spicy egg plant not a fan of vegetables, but I actually ate some of her vegetables..
Lunch menu looks great. My uncle and I came here for lunch. Of course I checked the Yelp reviews in the area and we were in the mood for Thai. The services was outstanding and the menu was diverse without being over bearing in price. Definitely a sweet find and will return when in town.
My fav Thai restaurant in NE Philly. A center city atmosphere in the great NE. I highly recommend! We love their calimari (not breaded) and I LOVE their red curry.
I love this place! Great thai place near northeast area. I enjoyed the papaya salad , squid salad(best i ever had) and drunken noddles.  I wish we can order lunch special to go!!!
