If anyone is ever in the University city area, I encourage you to check hummus grill out!. The food here is delicious and fresh. The staff was nice and friendly and the service was excellent and fast.

I came here today, on the prowl for a good tasting salad while walking down Walnut St, I then saw Hummus grill, I went in, checked out the menu and noticed that they offered salads Yes!! So I decided to try the roasted pear salad! I also got hummus on the side and whole wheat pita bread.

I have to mention when I first looked at the salad I didn't think it was going to be all that good, it just looked kinda bland and dull, but as I begin to pour the dressing on the salad and mix everything together I begin to discover all the other hidden ingredients. My salad had of course roasted pears, cranberries, delicious chunks of goat cheese, candied pecans, onions and arugula what more can I say it was just wonderful. The hummus and pita bread was also tasty.

I highly recommend this place for good quality Mediterranean food!
I've tried every platter on this menu and you can't go wrong with any of the choices.  
Top choice in either platter or sandwich form would be the lamb kebob!  They are generous with the meat (yep, that's what I said) and the meat is always spiced and cooked perfect every time!
If you're opting for their falafel I'd say it's a bit below average and suggest to get your falafel from the Magic Carpet Foods truck if you can!
Shawarma and schnitzel are average.  I was a little disappointed by their shawarma actually since it's award winning. Maybe I caught them on a shawarma off-day and it was overcooked and dry.
I got their salmon platter on a fish-craving day, and I must say their salmon is fabulous!  Again, the portion size is huge and grilled to perfection. 
All their sides are winners.  My fave are the beets, baba ganoush (extra), hummus, tabouli salad.  
They also have above average stuffed grape leaves.

Service is fast, take-out orders never get messed up and it's one of the best spots in University City for a quick Middle Eastern/ Mediterranean meal.  
Online ordering is super easy and can save you dough on the weekends when ordering with Eat24 so download the app if you don't already have it!! (free advertising) Just remember that the Eat24 coupon only works when paying with the following: Credit Card, Apple Pay, Google Wallet, or PayPal.

And lastly, don't forget to get hot sauce, tahini and pickles on the side!!
I finally caved and decided to try Hummus. 

IT IS SO GOOD. I'm actually eating the shawarma sandwich right now and felt compelled to write this review. Seriously, try it. Ugh. So good.
I wish I could give this place 0 stars!! I have never experienced such poor customer service.. causing me to write my first yelp review. I have ordered from hummus a few times at work and the food is mediocre but its close so we often order from them often. I ordered a salad while I was at work when I went to go eat on my break and found out that the order was messed up. I wasn't going to complain but my coworkers convinced me to call since not one but two parts of my order were messed up. When we called back they owned up to their mistake but when we asked for a refund the girl that we talked to was very rude and then hung up. When we called back again to see if we were actually getting the refund she said she had a line of customers and did not have time to deal with us. I figured I would call back the next day and talk with the manager since the girl we talked to was so rude to us.

When I called back the next day I was directed to the manager who proceeded to scream at me and told me I was accusing him and his staff of being thieves when all I wanted was a refund because my order was messed up. He then proceeded to scream at me for 5 minutes. At this point, I was so in shock that he was yelling at me I did not even want my money I just did not want to be screamed at anymore. I told him that I did not want my money just did not want to talk to him anymore. He then called me back and screamed at me again until I was almost in tears. I said please stop calling I do not want my refund I just want to never deal with you again. He then said you will get your god damn refund and hung up. I was completely appalled at the way he handled the situation and I will never be ordering food from here again!! I am surprised he is still in business with customer service like that. I will definitely spread the word to take your business elsewhere!!!!
My husband and I have been here a few times for a quick dinner, and have been very pleased with the food and speed of service. They have a selection of Middle Eastern chicken, beef, salmon and falafel salads, platters and sandwiches -- and I must say all are excellent! I particularly like their falafel sandwiches :) Additionally, their baklava is delicious :) And for all those watching their wallets - this place serves generous portions for not a lot of $ If you're in U City looking for some flavorful Middle Eastern food look no further -- this place has it all!
I had held off on coming to Hummus because I wanted to give the place a chance to settle in. The reviews I had heard seemed fair but nothing stellar so when I waltzed in yesterday around 1pm I thought it was a good time to see how they had progressed. Sadly, I was sorely disappointed.

My friend and I ordered the shawarma and fries. I hate to be brutal but it was not only the worst shawarma I had, but a terrible sandwich all together. It was merely a big mass of chicken chunks that had no flavor or seasoning [a little greasy as well] mixed with what tasted like mayonnaise and red cabbage. I am not sure where the inspiration for the cabbage came from but it did not make a good match. Though, to be fair, I don't think much could have melded well with that sandwich. I just simply tasted horrible.

I hate to write a bad review - I was hoping on another decent restaurant in the neighborhood but it is unlikely I will chance a second visit.
Last night my roommate and I went wandering down Walnut St., looking for somewhere to celebrate recent victories by stuffing ourselves silly. 

We found it.

Hummus, situated between McDonald's and that monstrous new construction, happened to be having an opening day celebration. We went in planning to scope it out and grab a menu, but quickly learned that (for one day only!) everything was on the house.

After some chaos and confusion in the ordering process, we sat down with considerably more food than we ordered, and boy was it done well. 

The pitas were probably the best part- moist, fluffy, flavorful. My chicken kabob packed a more whallop than I expected, and I had to chow down my moroccan cigars (delightful potato pastries) to cool my flaming mouth. Mer's shawarma had juicy, juicy chicken, which was nice, except that she ordered falafel. 

Trays of desserts circulated, and I really enjoyed something sticky and chocolatey and almondy.

Even though things were a little hectic, everyone at Hummus was all smiles and excitement. Children ran back and forth through the dining room, a few bottles of champagne were popped, and outdoor tables were available for those wanting a more relaxed experience.

Prices aren't unreasonable (about $8 a sandwich), they deliver, AND Hummus will be open late (til Midnight Friday and Saturday).

Exciting new option in U City. Give them a try!
Got the chicken platter with cabbage and fried eggplant. Both the sides were great. Cabbage gives for a great extra sweetness and crunch. A little on the pricey end for lunch, but serving is enough to save for leftovers and eat for dinner.
Is it the best Mediterranean food I've ever eaten? No. HOWEVER, it's quick, delicious, convenient, and best of all - CHEAP! 

For starters, you can order online - and it's a super user friendly set-up. I ordered the Shawarma Platter for $11. You can choose your pita (I chose whole wheat), rice (white/ brown/ basmati), and 3 sides - I ordered hummus, cucumber/ tomato salad, and baba ganoush. For the same food at other establishments, I've paid close to $10 more. I was super impressed with the portions (EASILY two meals!), and the flavors were fresh. The pita was incredible - very fluffy and warm: 10/10 would make a great pillow. My coworker order the SIX DOLLAR (SIX! DOLLARS!!!) falafel sandwich, and it was HEAPING! It must have weighed at least a pound. My other friend ordered the chicken kabob, and it was beautiful. I think I'll venture to try that next time.

They do deliver, but there's a delivery charge. This is a great option for a small last-minute lunch meeting or a quick, delicious dinner option.
Again, I find myself confused as to how I haven't reviewed this place before.

It probably has something to do with the fact that I only come here either right before, or right after getting massively drunk... maybe... probably... definitely.

I mean, who remembers everything anyway, right?

Anywhoo, the food here's quite good. I like their falafel pitas with everything in 'em. Literally all the sides here are tasty. People tend to love the fries, and I do too, though I ask them to undersalt them because they tend to go a bit overboard.

Things I've had:

Shawarma (great)
Falafel (great)
Schnitzel (great)
Lamb (great)
Hummus (okay)
Lots of sides (good-great)

For what you get, the place is quite cheap. And, as long as you don't overeat (it's actually kind of hard not to overeat here), it's quite light. And yet quite fortifying for a night of bad decisions and gin-fueled regret.

Hats off to you, Hummus, even though I tend not to go to you too often because you tend to make me fat and, indirectly, drunk!
As a vegetarian college student, I heavily lean towards dishes with hummus in the title... so I had super high hopes for a restaurant whose name itself is Hummus. To be completely honest, the dishes with hummus in it are just plain average - relatively enjoyable, but nothing truly special. I've tried the hummus sandwich and the falafel sandwich before (probably because they were the cheapest on the menu...), and nothing really stands out to me about any of those dishes. Earlier today, I even had to pick out the red cabbage of my hummus sandwhich because there was just too much and the taste of it was overpowering. My friend also didn't particularly like the lamb in his lamb sandwich either (said he prefered the lamb at Greek Lady).

The space indoors is pretty cramped, so it gets pretty uncomfortable when there are lots of people in line during peak hours. There IS a well-maintained bathroom despite the small space, which I really do appreciate.

I just can't say that the hummus here is even close to the best hummus that I've ever had, which is unfortunate considering that it is the name of the restaurant.Next time, I should probably just spend a little more on a platter (I've heard the salmon platter is tasty) to try something new and spare myself another experience with a mediocre sandwich.
I've only been here once, but Hummus won me over with the portion size.  No, I'm not saying they traded quality for quantity, I'm saying the portions are nicely sized and yet still were quality.  I went with the Lamb sandwich and it was brimming.  They used fresh and tasty ingredients and didn't take too long getting it to me.  Certainly enough for me to flag for a return visit.
I've only been to Hummus once so far. It was a welcome addition to my lunch rotation, as I work in the area. 

I settled for the Chicken Kabob Platter. The portions were ample, but I felt the chicken was a bit rubbery. 

The Falafel Sandwich looked like a better bet, and at only $8 it's cheap and will fill you up.

I wonder if the Rami Falafel truck down the street feels threatened by Hummus? We shall see.

Hummus is a lot larger inside than it looks, and is all new construction, I believe. It at least smells like it.

I had some Mango bottled drink there that I forget the name of. It was sweet and hit the spot. I recommend that for now.

The way it works is, you order the food and they bring it out to you on a tray. No wait staff.

The place does take out, and you can sit outside if you care to look at the construction going on as well as the homeless people sitting at the McDonald's next to it.
This is one of my go-to places in University City. When I don't feel like spending a lot of money on some decent food. For $8, I get two meals worth of food.

I'm vegan, so all my experiences involve the hummus, roasted veggies, and falafel platters. The pitas are awesome - warm, soft, tasty. I always go for the whole wheat pitas. The sides are great too. 

I normally just get take-out but I've also had meals there with friends. The seating is a little bit tight, but it's not impossible to enjoy a meal there. 

The staff is really friendly and happy to answer any questions you have.
I don't give five stars easily so when I do the place deserves it. Do note that Hummus Grill doesn't get five stars for one aspect - really nothing ever does ... its the perfectly balanced combination of service, portion size, price-point, quality that clinched it. 

Sort of a hole in the wall place with about 8 tables inside and 4 outside. Generally clean, ambience is low, metal tables, the idea is that you go in, stuff your face and get out ASAP.

Had the falafel platter as well as the schwarma and kebab platter. Excellent. Rice is perfect and bread oustanding, if you like this type of food you will be amazed. Shredded cabbage. Schwarma was a little dry but can handle it. Kebabs spicy and juicy - thick like a log on a bed of rice. They do fried eggplant slices which are great too. The hummus was classic style - little plain for me, but well its chick-pea's and oil, thats what it is, can't complain. Falalfel balls were great, rough texture that I like.

Price was in the gutter, I don't understand how this joint makes any money. Not much more to say, if you like the mediteranean type food with an emphasis on the Israeli type falalfel this is the place to go. Its cheap, fast and cleap.  Two concerns, a little chilly inside in December and it was quiet on a Saturday but I imagine it will severely packed on a weekday lunch-hour.
I finally had a chance to try this spot for lunch on Saturday, and was delighted with my experience.  It was terribly hard to choose among the adundance of tasty-sounding Mediterranean options.  Should I have a shawarma sandwich?  Falafel?  Schnitzel?  Not to mention all of the side dishes and salads...I was flummoxed by the array of delights.  Ultimately, I settled on a Greek salad topped with a lamb kabob.  

My dining mates got their orders quickly, but mine took several minutes, as it appeared that they grilled my kabob from scratch.  Thankfully, it was worth the wait.  The salad was a fresh, heaping mound of romaine topped generously with multiple varieties of whole greek olives, delicious feta, and the other typical trappings.  The freshly grilled lamb chunks were succulent, flavorful, and beautifully cooked.  It even came with fluffy whole wheat pita bread on the side.  I was delighted with my delicious, wholesome lunch.  

Hummus provides a wonderful dining option just off the Penn campus.  I look forward to returning to try other things...if I can restrain myself from getting the lamb kabob salad again!
I would have given this place 5 stars had it not been for the lingering taste of garlic in my mouth from their hummus (and yes, this was after mints and then brushing my teeth). Granted, I'm not a huge fan of garlic, but if you are, their hummus will be totally up your alley!

Their beef kabobs were super flavorful, as was the pita and hummus. Their pita was one of the best things about the meal-- hot and fluffy! Mmmm! How I wish there was some baba bhanouj to scoop up! 

With the platter, you get two side salads; I got the fried eggplant and cucumbers. The eggplant's batter was a good balance, while the cucumbers were amazingly fresh and not mushy. 

I could have used a different rice though, like what they serve at Sahara Grill, but I won't complain because there was rice. ;) 

In short, the food is wonderful and cheap and I want some more.
Big fan! Conveniently located close to UPenn's campus. This is a double-edged sword because it gets extremely crowded at lunch on weekdays. 

I loved the falafel sandwich I got - super filling and only about $6. If I were getting takeout or could get to a fridge quickly, I'd probably always get a platter. You get so much food (enough for 2 meals for me) for about $10-11.
Really dislike this place. The problem is that the food tastes quite good. In terms of middle eastern options at a restaurant it may even be the best excluding manakeesh yet every time my friends and I go one of us gets sick. For that alone I have pledged to stop going there. It seems quite frankly that eating there is a risk I'd rather not take.
They advertise as vegetarian but I'm not sure to what extent they really are; they have chicken and meats on their menu. Perhaps they mean that there are vegetarian options available, but even the falafel which is deep fried, I'm not sure if they use separate oil for than their fried chicken dish. Perhaps someone here can clarify this?
I was in love with this place at first.  The platters are huge, and with the grilled chicken platter with rice, cabbage, and eggplant, I felt like I was eating healthy.  The hummus is great.

Three major downfalls:
1) Price.  $13 is just too much for a meal served on a plastic plate.
2) It's slow.  You wait there for 20 minutes at minimum.  I'm impatient, but this seems excessive.
3) Gastro-intenstinal issues.  It's not pleasant, but this place causes me some serious gastric issues post-meal.  Do NOT bring a date here if you're gonna hang out after.
Ordered the falafel platter with tabouli 2 parts & hummus. The platter was really good and their spicy green sauce was flavorful and too hot to handle but I loved it! The falafel was flavorful. The pita was soft and fluffy- the texture was a little different from what I am used to but overall it was good so I'm not complaining.
Yup, still my jauwn!  I prefer this hummus & totally down with the falafels too!  Hearty, healthy, affordable. I freaking love Hummus. 
Awesome counter folks too (happy camping)!
‍
I used to live off of Penn campus and stopped by often on my way home to grab food to go .. The shawarma pita, checked kabob and lamb kabob were my go to .. The sandwich was filling, tasty and decent portion .. One of the better spots in the area for quick food pick up
This is the place to get all your hummus cravings satisfied and more. Hummus (yes the name of this place) is a fast food type of Mediterranean/Greek place. Order at the cash register, wait for your tray of food, and seat yourself at one of the metal tables and chairs.

I came here with some friends wanting something light and healthy. Perhaps, I ordered the wrong thing... I ordered the hummus salad, which was slightly disappointing. I watch them prepare my order. I noticed that guy simply grabbed a box of pre-prepared salad, opened the box, and piled a load of hummus along with chickpeas and sliced avocado (thanks for the reminder from Yaron, the owner) on top. Then, he closed the box and called out my name. "Cassy! Hummus salad!"

So, if you really LOVE hummus, this is the place to go... I don't recommend the salad, b/c it wasn't too special. I'd recommend getting a falafel or shawarma rather than the salad.
I kept hearing people complain about the hummus not being tasty, or the prices being way to ridonk so I never really tried this place.. I mean Ramis is like right there and I happen to love me some Ramis.. but when my boss ordered food from hummus for our monthly staff meeting I realized how much I've been missing out on.. The hummus is so delicious.. in a very simplistic way. I literally ate it with my fork after making my little falafel and hummus pita.. yummmmmmmmmmmmm
 the other spread we got, I think it was baba ganoush was not good at all.. But the HUMMUS at HUMMUS is NICEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE...haahah I just really had to say that

the pita was super fresh, we got our food super quick after ordering too... the falafel wasn't nearly as good as ramis or mamas vegetarian but for that hummus I can deal with it.
warning: you will not be able to kiss nor talk in close proximity to people ...for several hours after eating here. loaded with garlic/onion/etc. i think my BF almost broke up with me after i ate here once. i guess i'll just have to make him it here at simultaneously.

the falafel is what i order, because falafel is what i love. unfortunately, i do not love the falafel here. it is weirdly too firm, it is just not right, something about it. i can't put my finger on it. ive had much better falafel at other places, e.g. Rami's food truck (across from Penn dental school on 40th and locust). Actually Rami's is fantastic, I think I may go there tomorrow now that i'm salivating abut it.

i go here only if i get out voted on lunch. nothing wrong with the place, i've just had better falafel that I get so distracted reminiscing about it....
love the shwarma, one of the best you can get in philly if not keeping kosher....also put on the sabich sandwich, per my suggestion, which i think anyone should try...its awesome!

great service, friendly staff, cheap, delicious food and always easy to find parking
All I wanted was some veggies on pita. So I went to Hummus. And this was a mistake.

The girl working the counter seemed very nice and helpful. When it was my turn to order, I asked for just a veggie pita. She got a very confused look on her face and told me, "That's not on the menu..." So I asked for a hummus pita without the hummus. 

My order came up, and I proceeded to sit at one of their overly cramped tables. There was hummus on my pita. No big deal, I'll just ask them to fix it. I didn't think this would be an ordeal. I kindly told the girl that I had asked for no hummus. She told me that what I wanted wasn't on the menu, so I couldn't order it.

......... -.- what? You have veggies, you have pita? But I can't have a veggie pita? After I stared at her with a perplexed look, she finally agreed to make The Most Complicated Order of The Day. 

After my accomplishment, I sat down and ate my pita. It was very tasty, I'd give it a three. I also tried the fries which were great and gets a five. Service? I'd give a one. The girl just seemed like she was programmed to go by what's exactly on the menu. I know it's not Burger King where You Have it Your Way, but my order was not difficult at all.

I will give them a second chance though. But only because of the fries.
I was surprised that the falafel were discs rather than the more traditional balls of spiced ground chickpeas. Aside from that I got the falafel platter for $8.95 and I think I got 6 or 8 pieces of falafel, a pita, rice, hummus and two veggies (fried eggplant and cucumber). I would have preferred the eggplant to be grilled rather than fried because I would not have ordered the eggplant had I known it was fried but that being said it was passable albeit way too salty.

The hummus is not what I am used to eating (my girlfriend is Greek and she is always making hummus) but that may be the difference between fast food hummus and homemade hummus. I may go back because the place is convenient but I will not get the falafel again, I will try a kebab or shwarma and go from there.

Place lost a full star because the pita was flavorless, tough and a little soggy for some reason.
Food (7.5/10) = Ordered the combination platter since this was my first time to Hummus and I wanted to sample a few things on their menu.  The platter included:

1) Shawarma = this was ok.  Not bad, but not great.

2) Falafel = this was ok also.

3) Choice of meat (I ordered Chicken) = the best part of the combo platter.  If I go back to hummus, I would order the chicken kabob itself again.

4) Pita and hummus = the hummus was good.  A lot of the previous Yelpers mentioned that this was probably the only good thing from this restaurant.

Choice of french fries or rice (I chose rice) = Standard white rice.  

Choice of two sides: Ordered the eggplant and baba ganoush.  The eggplant was fried and it was descent.  The baba ganoush was really salty. It was my least favorite part of the combo platter

The platter cost close to ~$15.  This platter was definitely not worth $15.  A bit of a rip off...oh well.


Ambiance (7.5/10) = Nothing special.  I came here for take-out, but the restaurant for the most part looked clean.

Service (7.5/10) = Can't really comment much here.  They took my order, and I got my food.  

Overall Opinion = This place seems really popular for take-out.  When I first arrived to this place, one of the guy's just got off the phone and made the comment, "I think the whole hospital just placed their orders."  Would I come back to Hummus?  Probably,...but it would be something for convenience.
I hate the disconnect between how I feel about a place and how I want to feel about a place. I've been passing this very forthcoming spot since I got here, and tonight in a dinner-seeking desperation, I stopped in. It's clear that in a past life, this place was a garage, but if you didn't see the outside, you'd never guess. It's very clean, I'll give them that. Sadly, that's pretty much their only saving grace. I got a falafel sandwich with everything except the hot sauce, natch, and was disappointed to see that that meant including pickles on there too. I'm a strong disbeliever in pickles on a sandwich. Yes, that makes me a horrible southerner for not liking the traditional "chicken sandwich" as I grew up knowing it. I care not. Maybe it's because this is my first time eating falafel and I just plain don't like it, but my stomach has not been happy with me ever since ingesting this messy amalgamation of condiments and dry carbs.

Oh, one more thing: the veggies are super fresh. I enjoyed that part... marginally. My best advice is go in knowing exactly what you want, exactly how you want it. Hummus may not share the Soup Nazi's curtness in customer service (in fact, the cashier was very friendly), but it's definitely a beast you want to familiarize yourself with before going into battle. No falafel for me!
i like it! the hummus is creamy and the chicken is tasty. i like the chicken kebobs better than the scharma chicken. the hot sauce is garlicky, which i love! 

BUT, fries are ehhhhhhhhh here. and the eggplants are too greasy! and i wish they had a fountain soda machine, because fountain soda is much better than bottled. but overall tasty stuff!!
Let me put this out there:  I love chick peas.  Nay, I LURVE chick peas.  Hummus has done alright by me.  Their garlic hummus is, honestly, the best hummus I have ever tasted (and I have tasted many).  I stop by every Friday to get multiple orders b/c friends demand hummus from Hummus.  Their warm, fresh pita are just icing on the cake.  

Hummus sandwiches, falafel, shwarma, and baba ganoush are all also fantastic.  And the people are incredibly friendly, and will give you samples of soup or sides.  Aw man, now just thinking about Hummus makes me want hummus.

My only two concerns: (1) They need to make the incredible baba ganoush a menu staple.  (2)  You will STINK for hours after eating at Hummus.  It's so worth it.
Today was my first time at Hummus.  I always want to try as much as possible to get a feel for the place, plus I was hungry so I ordered the combination platter.  It came with shawarma, falafel, and lamb in this case for an extra $2 along with pita, 2 vegetable sides, and rice.  

The shawarma was nice and tender, flavorful.  The falafel has a nice crunch and was seasoned pretty well.  The lamb too was tender and tasted pretty good.  So far so good.  However for a place that is named Hummus, I was thinking that it must have fantastic hummus.  All I can say was that it wasn't bad per say but definitely not up to expectations.  It was a little too salty for my taste also.  The pita was too small.

Over all, this was a good place to go to grab a healthy lunch that is not expensive.  It won't wow you by any means but it will do.
One of the rudest people to answer the phone in a long time. As soon as the lady answered, she was incredibly rude and then when I was done ordering, she hung up on me without even telling me how long till my food was ready. I called back to ask how long and she responded "3 minutes" with an attitude and hung up. 

They are lucky that the food is good because their staff is frankly terrible.
I'm from Israel and love Mediterranean food. Hummus has been reasonably ok in the past, but clearly it's standards have dropped. A box half-full of rather sad leaves was given to me as an "Israeli salad", which  it certainly is not. If you want authentic food, you should go to Saad. It's a bit further but so worth it. The food is great and authentic, and they don't try to rip you off like this.
Came here for lunch. Got the lamb kebib and chicken shawarma platter. Comes with 3 sides and a pita. Ordered a side of grape leaves. The grape leaves were meh and definitely wouldn't recommend. Tasted very soggy. Portions were great! Hummus was definitely best side. Also tried potatoes, taboula and tomatoes and beets for sides. Hummus clearly best haha. The portions were quite large. I had to eat it over two meals. I preferred the lamb kebob to chicken shwarma. Would recommend for easy fast medetrraian.
I went in here after coming over for some business in the area. It was around 2:30-3pm when I got in and I was hungry. I ended up getting the shawarma sandwich. It came out fairly quickly. The vegetables in the sandwich were pretty good and tasted like they were fairly fresh(They had that nice crunch you get with freshly prepared vegetables). The shawarma meat was plentiful, but it was bland and pretty overcooked. 

Gonna have to find another place to get some good Middle Eastern food around here. This isn't going to cut the mustard.
Tucked away underneath an old house, next to a giant apartment complex, and next to the seedy McDonald's on 40th street is a neat little Middle Eastern/Mediterranean restaurant which serves as a nice break from the offerings in the area.

I had the beef kabobs with with some piping hot pita bread and hummus, boy...that's strong garlic taste there! It was no frills, quick, and fairly inexpensive if you stick to the basics. 

I've walked by here at lunch time...the line seems to snake out, so count on getting it to go. The seating & layout seems to be a bit strange, but I've only been here during the lulls of the day, so I managed to find a table.
I've eaten here twice, maybe I need to give them another shot but so far I have been less than impressed.  My chicken filled pita immediately fell apart and not because the chicken was so juicy and delicious, that would have been acceptable.  I did not try the hummus so I can't offer an opinion. The staff is nice.
i used my handy yelp iphone app to search for mediterranean food near work and came across this restaurant. i went to their website and saw that i could very conveniently place an online order. i ordered a chicken schwarma platter, which came with rice or pita, hummus, and two sides. since i'm gluten-free, i opted for the rice. my two sides were the baba ganoush (for which i had to pay an extra 75 cents) and cucumbers. the online ordering allows for any comments or requests so i made note of my gluten allergy and requested that they reduce cross contamination. 

my food was ready when i arrived. the downside to the online ordering is that there is only one line in the restaurant - for both those ordering in person and those who had either phoned or used the web to place their order. i had to stand behind a line of 6 people before i got to the register to pick-up my food. (i had paid online so there was no need for a transaction at the register. i essentially could have walked in, grabbed my food, and left. instead, i waited about 10 minutes for my turn at the register.) therefore, pick-up for already prepared orders could be improved. 

the total of my meal was about 11usd, and there was more than enough food for two meals. in all, the food was just ok. the flavors were acceptable but didn't really wow me. i've definitely had better mediterranean food and would likely not return here in the future.
Hummus is a good place to get a snack, especially if you like...hummus.

The decor is decent, but most people take it to go.  While I dined in, it was a little difficult to maneuver around the lines to get more sauce or water.  

The falafel was pretty good, and the hummus smooth.  The beet salad was good, even though I usually stay away from that type of dish.  The wholewheat pitas, however, I could eat all day.  Call me crazy, but the hummus and bread would have been enough for me.

Although a bit on the pricey side for what you get, it is far better than going to the McDonald's on the corner.  :op

For a quick snack (except during peak times), Hummus is a good change of pace from the usual fare.
I'm a pretty big fan of Hummus, even though that isn't typically the common sentiment. I am a HUGE fan of hummus and pita, and so this place really does it for me.

I usually opt for either the hummus or falafel sandwich, or the falafel or hummus platter. Either way, it's the same combination of ingredients and I enjoy them in all forms. I especially LOVE the pita here-- so soft and fluffy, and I always choose the wheat option because it tastes so darn good.

I find myself craving the food from Hummus often, which is how I know that I'm a true fan. Portion sizes are pretty big, service is quite fast, and prices aren't TOO high either. Makes for a solid meal!
too pricey for me, being that its not an actual restaurant but rather a place you order and seat yourself (a la qdoba, chipotle, etc). the pita was fresh and the garlic hummus was creamy. but i wouldnt go out of my way to go back, there are so many better options around philly that can serve that.
I discovered Hummus during it's opening celebration and was lured in by the promise of free food (I know, I'm cheap). The jolly owner greeted each guest as they entered, offering a sampler platter of middle eastern specialties. 

Penn's campus has been missing a good Middle Eastern Restaurant. While I've frequented Middle Eastern food carts, they close early and aren't open on weekends. Hummus has great food and moderate prices -- exactly what college students are constantly looking for.
Awesome!  Food is good, filling and healthy.  Platters are huge.  If you get the sample platter you can share it with another person!  My BF love this place whenever we are in the city looking for a quick and tasty meal.
It feels so refreshing get away from Rittenhouse square area and up to university city. I liked the busy vibe and ethnic food options. 
Needed to grab quick bite after movie and we stopped by Hummus grill. Got Chicken Schwarma platter with eggplants and beef kabob. 
The portion was generous and veggies seemed fresh. My chicken was tender and delicious, I liked it a lot. Hummus was decent but I wouldn't say it was great. Egg plants was little too greasy. I wish I ordered beet salad instead. It looked better. 

It looked like fast food chain and service was fast. Dining area was little cold since customers kept coming in and out. It was definitely busy place. 
I don't think I want to eat there again. To go maybe..
Hummus Grill is a decent spot. It's probably even better than average. But when you know there's better not far away, it's hard to see it that way. Saad's only a few blocks away is where it is at. But, on this night, we needed a place that delivered to our work place and that other's wanted. I'm not sure my coworkers know the glory of Saad's which is a bit into the West Philly side of town, whereas work is in the center of University City, the same area where Hummus Grill is located.

I got the Schnitzel. It was pretty good. My sides were beets and tabouli. It's impossible to mess beets up. They just need to be fresh. Tabouli, on the other hand, take more perfecting. It was decent, but no where near as good as Saad's, which possible has the best tabouli I have ever had. Yup, the bar is that high. So, no, the tabouli at Hummus was by no means bad.

The dish also came with rice. It was plain white rice. No flavor. No effort. Perhaps the biggest disappointment in this dish. They need to do better.

I also capped off my meal with baklava. It was good, really good. But, to be honest, every baklava I have ever had is really good. It's like impossible to mess up if you actually know what you're doing, or so it seems. But what is up with all of these restaurants giving pea sized overpriced portions of baklava?

Anyway, decent spot, maybe the best you can get delivered to you, so that's fine. But if Saad's is accessable, you need not waste your time and money here.
Good spot for a quick bite (that is what I went in there for but the platters looked big and could be a good place for a dinner to share with ppl). Its reasonably priced for the portion size (I got the falafel sandwich with everything on it).
 
Seating is cramped, when we got there it wasn't too busy yet most of the tables were dirty. I wasn't expecting a 5 star dining experience but a clean table would be nice. 
That being said, if I'm in the area I'd probably go in again.
Hummus is definitely my favorite middle-eastern sandwich shop in Philly. 

Every time I've been there I've ordered the Sabich... because not many other falafel places in the states even serve it. The eggplant is fried, but still light, and the eggs are hard boiled to perfection. It's awesome. I order it with tomatoes (I'm weird about cucumbers) and harif (hot sauce) which is extreeeeemely hot. Be careful if you're not a fan of spicy food but you want to try the harif, just order a little bit. 

The fries are decent and fresh, except sometimes they take a little while... which I suppose is worth it as the potato soaks up some of the heat from the harif. The pita is as fresh as can be, and I believe that you can order whole wheat pita! A healthful plus.

If you like middle-eastern food (for relatively cheap) give it a try. They definitely have an option for everyone.

My one point of contempt is the chairs. The tables are fine, but I actually hate the lightweight metal chairs which are cold and make horrible noises when dragged against the floor... I fully realize this is ridiculous, but I had to say it.
Ya know how in a comedy movie there's that one scene where a group of friends go to a store or restaurant and the cashier is so rude that it's actually funny? Well...my experience was like that, except I wasn't in a movie and it wasn't funny. 

The cashier was so unbelievably rude that we stood there in disbelief until told to move out of the way. 

I'm sure the cashier was having a bad day. It has to be that. There's no way someone that ill-mannered could actually work in customer service for a living. 

I can't imagine that it was because on our first visit, we didn't know what to order. At some point, she must have encountered other people who were first-timers. And I don't understand how asking for an explanation of what "everything" on a sandwich entails warrants a sigh and an eye-roll. She did, however, point to a list, which indicated others have had that question. 

The food...I'd eat it again if the main antagonist of this story went through some character development. Two thumbs down.
If there was an option to buy more stars for this place I would buy an extra 75 of them because that's how tasty Hummus is!
I can repeat what people said here about the food and the place but I actually wanted to emphasize some thing from a point of view of a local to that food region.

While Hummus carries itself as a "Mediterranean" cuisine it's actually Middle Eastern, meaning Israeli and Arabic, the owners are Israeli and Arabic so it kinda explains it. 
I'm from Israel so believe me (if you will) that this place is like somebody took a typical Israeli fast food restaurant from Tel-Aviv and teleported it to University City. 

Hummus: unlike Greek hummus which is chunky and dry, Israeli hummus is more pasty because it contains more olive oil, some tahini and the hummus grains are crushed more.

Tahini: their tahini, as well as their hummus is home made so they do it with their own recipe and comparing to other places, even Israeli. The tahini has chives which is refreshing.

Shawarma: you need to understand that a real shawarma is made of layers and layers of meat put together and then shaved off to get to your platter. Unlike Greek or Turkish doner kebap, the chicken or beef/lamb (not found in this restaurant) is juicier and retains more flavor.

Falafel: This I can't talk about cause I'm a meat person but I will update you guys :)

The ambiance is awesome with nice music and soft lighting.
Long lines, chilly inside, and food wasn't as good as i was hoping. it had a funny after taste.
When I looked up the reviews for this place, it seemed like it was earning a pretty solid four-stars, which, in my book, means it's worth checking out.  Actually, what sealed the deal was Sameer saying that this place was the new best falafel in West Philly.  So I hopped on over to Hummus to judge for myself.

Indeed, the falafel is wonderful.  I don't know if I'd call it the best (the only competition is Magic Carpet), but it's good in a different way.  First of all, you get A LOT of food.  It sounds like a lot of food when you order the falafel platter and they say, "White or Wheat Pita?  Fries or Rice?  Which two vegetables would you like with that?  Onions?  Tomatoes?  Pickles?  Olives?  Tahini?...." Whoa.  Almost overwhelming.  Almost.  So then I took my food back to my office and opened it up and thought, "It's not THAT much food."  Until I finished a quarter of it and realized I had most definitely bought two days worth of lunch for $8.  Excellent!

The place itself is clean and friendly, and as efficient as they can be.  Sure, I had to wait almost ten minutes, but at 1PM on a weekday in University City, that's par for the course.  I like that you can eat there.  That's always the thing with Magic Carpet.  Yes, the food keeps me coming back, but where do I go with it?  They have a surprising amount of dining area in Hummus.  What's with that space, anyway?  It looks like someone's old garage from the outside!  Fine by me, though.  I'm sold.
It's in the Penn area so it's not surprising that this is mostly catered to poor-ish (I say poor-ish because if you're going to Penn, you're already richer than most college kids in America) college kids looking for something they perceive to be healthier than their fast food burger joints.

It's a hole-in-the-wall joint with a mom/pop restaurant feel to it. Nothing fancy to say about the place. It has tables and seats but probably not enough to seat large groups (or at least groups larger than 4) so better if you go on your own or with a friend or two to eat here.

Menu is fairly large (all Med/Middle Eastern related). Food was ok. Service was ok.

Thought it was a bit unpleasant that the bathroom wasn't tucked away around but in the middle of the dining area so obviously, unless you're unlucky when the place is full or nose-blind, you'll get a first class seat to whatever stench that gets pulled out of the bathroom whenever someone opens the door.

Parking: Limited timed/metered street
Wait: 10 mins after ordering
Price: $10+ per person
Walked past Hummus Grill every day for years before finally visiting, and I regret not going earlier! It's a little cramped inside, but there are a good number of seats if you want to eat in. 

I got the Greek salad - AMAZING! They used good lettuce - no cheap iceberg - and really piled on the toppings to the point where I couldn't even finish. Most places put 4 olives on their salad, sprinkle a few cubes of feta on, and call it a day. But Hummus Grill doesn't cheap out! They also give a free pita with every entree. 

My dining companions got the falafel platter and the chicken platter - even my very picky middle eastern dad loved the food (though he was predictably disappointed in the rice). For under $10 a meal, with HUGE portions, Hummus Grill is an easy choice over the Greek restaurant down the street, or other spots in the area.
(Pick-up order via Snackpass -- 40% all platters during happy hour!!)

Rainy day got me in the mood for some warm, carb-y Mediterranean food, and y'all KNOW the happy hour deal at Hummus Grill is hard to resist. Tried the Vegan Shawarma Platter ($5.99) for the first time; I added sides of hummus, french fries, cucumber+tomato, fried eggplants (!!!! yes), and hot sauce.

Everything is pretty standard, pretty yum -- plus the hot sauce is actually hot! Otherwise, decent grub for the price, and you really can't beat that Snackpass discount.
Hummus Grill is the closest you can get to original Israeli food as you can get without paying $25 for a Shawarma sandwich. Take it from an Israeli guy that appreciates food. Hummus Beef kabab sandwich is one of the best I had in the US. 

I highly recommend this place, give it a try and you won't regret it.
I finally got around to trying Hummus and I'm pretty happy that I did. It was a step above fast fast food Falafel making it much better than Maoz. Yet it still fell a step below places like Alyan's (probably biased because everything does to my taste buds). It delivered on fresh ingredients and had an addicting hummus. The only flaws I found was that the Falafel balls were big enough to push all of the other ingredients towards the back of the sandwich instead of it being a little more spread out. The "hot" sauce also left a lot to be desired. 

I also picked up fries on the side, and for a middle eastern place they were much better than I expected them to be. They easily made my top ten in fact. seasoned to perfection with all kinds of spices. good with ketchup but better without. Hummus is a spot that I'm definitely keeping my eye on in the future.
Ordered delivery from here. Chicken breast platter with rice, whole wheat pita, baba ganoush, hummus and cucumber+tomato salad. Would definitely recommend it and will be coming back!
Hummus Grill, one of two great locations, helped me and my wife during our time at the nearby hospital. They provided the two best meals we had while there. I enjoyed going to the location to pick up my order, where I could see them making pita wraps just behind an open counter. The smells were delicious and the hummus provided was way more than enough to complete a meal of its own, or be a supplement to a wrap. By the second visit, we figured out that we just had to order three extra pitas to have just enough pita (4 pitas all together) to keep up with the awesome supply of hummus! Since extra pitas are only $1 additional, this decision was well worth it and we increased our order of extra pitas accordingly.  Otherwise, be prepared to eat some delicious hummus by itself, if you're into that. The hummus was just the right blend of beans and spices, and we'll look forward to making a special return trip for lunch some time soon.
Amazing food, delivery service, and prices! I had the combination platter & it was absolutely delightful. The hummus & pita are the best I've ever had. HIGHLY recommend to give them a shot. Ordered as a recommendation from the CHOP staff, so thank you to the Special Delivery Unit staff!!
Another great catering experience with Hummus. We ordered "The Feast," which is supposed to feed 20-25 people (we fed nearly 40 people with it!). The online ordering is a BREEZE, prices are reasonable, delivery was prompt, and the driver was professional and helpful. The food was delicious (I enjoyed the chicken, shwarma, hummus, wheat pita, and cucumber salad). Hummus is our go-to place for catering and we have never had a bad experience. I can't speak to the actual dine-in experience, but can't say a single negative thing about the catering. Highly recommended
It was not my intention to be insulting or offending by describing Hummus as a hole in the wall, but I stick to my previous review. A hole in the wall describes a small establishment, it does not have a negative connotation this day and age - many small places have amazing food.

However, the owner obviously cannot accept constructive criticism. I still maintain my opinion about Hummus and now definitely won't be back.
This is my kind of food, but this was not my kind of restaurant. I have eaten there two or three times in the last couple of weeks, and each time confirms what I don't like: the service and the food. The last time I went, my friend and I really only wanted to sit down during the work day, have tea and talk for a short time. We ordered tea and some pastry and sides (only becuse we felt badly just ordering tea). However, the tea took a very very very long time to arrive. In fact, we went back to the cashier several times to ask for it until finally they realized no one boiled the water for it. Then, once we got the tea, we had to wait again for the milk. By time that arrived, the tea was gone. The pastry was mediocre, and the sides were too dry.  Do not get falafel there.  It is much better at several other places nearby.  The grape leaves similarly are not the best you can find in University or Center city.  I'd go again but only if I was already in the area and desperate for something they offer.
Ordered the lamb kabob platter. I think it was delicious but my inebriated state due to EE could have skewed my perception of things. So my apologies ahead of time if you end up going here and it's disgusting.
Hummus Grill is a conveniently located restaurant near the university hospitals. There's some good menu options. However, the professionalism is utterly lacking from a management standpoint. I've never been so totally disrespected and belittled by "management" when asking for a fix to an order.  

Note to management (since I know you're reading), take a crash course on basic manners and treat the the customer with respect.
Yes yes & YES! The falafel pita sandwich is to die for me & no I'm not exaggerating ! My vegetarian lovers this is the place to be! I've had it twice in one day because it's so amazing. The staff was friendly & efficient. 

I love the fact I can order online & it's ready when I arrive. This is perfect for someone with a short lunch break that way I utilize my time wisely before heading back to the office. Don't hesitate to try it out !
On our first visit, my friend and I both ordered the shawarma platter. It was amazingly terrible--trying to eat the chicken was like trying to methodically force wood chips down your throat. The rice and assorted vegetable sides were uninteresting, but at least they weren't a struggle to eat. The only redeeming part of the meal was the pita bread. 

Since then, I've returned a few times, masochistically ordering the shawarma platter again in hopes of being surprised with an edible meal. It's never been as bad as the first time, but if you're looking for Mediterranean, Greek Lady is just around the corner.
Hummus Grill is a great eatery, especially for those who are mindful of their diet but still want to feel like they are indulging in food. 
I recommend the following:
The Roasted Pear Salad (what I typically order) 
The Combination Platter (a great option for the "starving")
Sides of Falafel (delicious! Also great added to the roasted pear salad)

Everything was delicious and well prepared. I try to make healthy choices when dining out, while my boyfriend (or friends and family who don't care about calories) is usually there to EAT... hummus grill ensures that everyone is happy and satiated!
This is one of my go-to places for a quick, delicious meal. Other yelpers have said all the basics, so all I'll add is this: if you order a Sabich, ask for the mango sauce (it's called amba, but only some of the employees seem to know this, so asking for 'mango sauce' is the way to go). It's a mild hot sauce usually made from mango, turmeric, vinegar, chili, and fenugreek, they keep a jar of it hidden behind the counter, and it makes the Sabich infinitely more delicious. Works well on falafel too.
The food here is great. As a vegan, I appreciate the fact that they label vegan-friendly items on their menu. The falafel sandwich is great.

However, shortly after witnessing a mouse run out of the bathroom and along a wall, I then got to watch an employee kill the mouse with a broom. Which, as an animal lover, counteracted any goodwill their intermittently-vegan-friendly menu generated.
Hummus is conveniently located in University City and a delicious option for health-conscious or mediterranean-food loving people! Warning that the minute the clock strikes noon, the place gets flooded by the lunch rush. I was there with a friend at 11:30 and we were the only ones there. 11:45 the door opened and a couple people trickled in... but by 12 PM the line was throughout the small restaurant, people were standing waiting in line or waiting for food, people were hovering over tables hoping to find a place to sit. The service is pretty fast compared to their Greek Lady competitor and their bags are a little more durable (yay for not ripping bags). Also I love that their platters are cheaper than Greek Lady's and you get to pick 3 sides ;) I got 2 sides of hummus and their mix of tomatos/cucumbers. After all, a place called Hummus can't possibly have bad hummus! Their pita also tastes great and whole wheat doesn't sacrifice the taste as much as Greek Lady's does in comparison to their white pita. Soft and spongy with a slit that you can even fill with meat, hummus or whatever in the world you want. They also cater a lot of our seminars and their famous sign (Have you tried our (falafel) balls?) is super creative. Their falafel balls are decent, considering I don't like falafel! So many options all for a great price, try Hummus!
I'm a huge fan of middle eastern food and I also am always looking for fast food that isn't laden with nasty grease and whatnot. this place delivers on quality. i always get their falafel pita, and i am never disappointed. their platters seem pretty big for their prices, and its all fresh ingredients, which is always what makes good food great. definitely a great place to get great take-out on a busy night.
Worst customer service ever! I used to love the food, but when the manager was rude to me over the phone and hung up on me because THEY FORGOT TO SEND MY PITA BREAD WITH 2 of the 3 meals, it definitely left a bitter taste in my mouth. No thanks, I'll take my $35 for take out elsewhere.
I tried Hummus for the first time yesterday 7/6/15 really like the food and would love to go back again if it wasn't for the shitty service it's really nice when the girl your ordering food from is rolling her eyes at you sorry to bother you at work what a dick I am for ordering food the audacity of me
I love hummus for many of the same reasons as other yelpers.  The food is always fresh and delicious.  

Added bonus, their delivery service (although slow, be prepared to wait up to an hour) is awesome.  Tonight I ordered delivery but when I opened my pita sandwich I saw that it was the wrong kind of chicken.  I simply called them directly, explained the situation, and the driver was back at my house in 20 minutes with the correct sandwich.  No hassle, no problems.
finding good falafel is a chore. in west philly/ucity i have found magic carpet and the food truck on 40th and locust to be decent. however, for me, humus has displaced the others as best falafel in the neightborhood. 

hummus's falafel is not dry, which is a common caveat, and the helpings are generous, another common lacuna in falafel-serving establishments. the only and severe problem is the price, $8, which precludes it from being a quick, cheap bite (at least on a stipend... petition your congressional representative to increase the nih budget so i can eat more falafel).
Oh man, get the Falafel for 4.95 and be prepared to enjoy!
I love this place because it doesn't make me feel bad about eating fast food. Meals range from $5-10. They have vegetarian and vegan options, which makes me happy. Also, the cashier (who is always there) is classy and attractive. It's also good for moderately sized groups (10-15), because it's cheap and you can be loud.
Quick delicious Greek food?  Yes please!  

I've been here a handful of times and have never been disappointed.  Whether it's the schwarma, falafel, or chicken kabob, you can't go wrong - and I'm sure everything else on the menu is equally delish.  The employees are pleasant, the food comes out pretty quickly, the place is clean, and there's always space to stay and eat if you so choose.

Why is this not in other major cities?  I think they'd do spectacularly.
Hummus has a bunch a good selection of standard Middle Eastern food. My only complaint is that it is neither exceptional nor cheap. I typically get the salmon salad which weighs in at $9, but I don't think it's a particularly good deal.
I had the shawarma - bland, greasy chicken, no flavor. Fries were soggy and crap. Hummus okay. Many food trucks are better at serving this type of food.

I shall not return.
Decent platters with flavorful food! Their overall presentation reminds me of falafel food stands in the Middle East. I was kind of surprised by their prices, which were higher than I expected. This is not really a sit-down type of restaurant, rather a food joint.

The food is prepared and served at the counter very FAST. You get a whole bunch of meat and side dish in just one platter. It is easy to split this meal for two people. Conveniently, Hummus Grill is located across the street from UPenn campus. I have often grabbed it to-go for a little picnic on campus lawn. It's also close to the movie theater to grab a bite.

My go-to meal is Shawarma or beef kabab platter or falafel sandwich. I love the side dishes of: baba ganoush, tabouli salad, cabbage salad, or beet salad. Their baklava is reasonably priced at $1.95 and pretty decent. Best part of the meal is 100% the HUMMUS with chickpeas, tahini, lemon, and garlic. The side of hummus is served in a huge plastic container!

Anyway, this is not a top-of-the-line establishment. But for what it is, decent food that satisfies your hummus craving...I have those
I ordered the Schnitzel Platter (chicken) with french fries and a side of Moroccan Cigars (potato and meat) via Campusfood for delivery. Food came in about 30 minutes which was nice.

The Moroccan Cigars seemed like they would be good if you had them in the restaurant, but by the time I got them they were cold, greasy, and somewhat bland.

The Schnitzel Platter had very, very dry chicken like it had either been microwaved or spent too long under a heat lamp. They were even too dry for the creamy hummus to make up for.  The chicken was breaded in what looks like spices but tastes like... well I couldn't taste it. I would agree with Candace about the "ehhh" fries for sure.

I'd like to give this place a real visit to try the food without the downfalls of delivery, but be forewarned if you plan to have it delivered yourself.
Ordered two platters to go.  Service was fast and I was in and out in about 10 minutes. Pretty fair prices.

I had the falafel platter ($7.50).  Generous portions, came with pita, hummus, rice and choice of 2 sides! I had the tomato salad and the cucumber salad. I've only tried falafel a few times in my life, but this was by far the best falafel I've had yet.   My boyfriend had the Combination Platter - which came with shawarma, falafel, and choice of third meat- he chose chicken.  The shawarma was full of flavor and very tender....I would definitely order this the next time I go. 

Overall, good prices for someone on a budget and very tasty food.  Go for the shawarma platter!   : )
I really like this place. It's tucked away between a McDonalds and the CVS. The food is really good, I particularly like the portobello sandwich and sweet potato fries. The place itself is very neat and clean, but not very quiet due to the clientele, the majority of whom are university students taking a break from studies. 

PROS:
- yummy food
- really friendly and helpful staff
- vegan/vegetarian friendly
- carnivore friendly

CONS:
- the seating area gets full quickly
- as a result of the con above, there isn't much seating available
- there is only 1 bathroom and its kind of close to the seating area

TIPS:
- try to come here not at the main meal times (such as noon or between 5:30-7:30) and you won't encounter the major mealtime crowds
- sit outside if weather permits and enjoy the sights and sounds of the heart of university city
I love the flavor of the chicken shawarma here, although I did find the meat to be a bit on the dry side.  We had catering for a meeting, and the spread of Israeli salad (solid with chopped cucumbers, tomatoes, and onions in a lemon-olive oil dressing), cabbage salad (loved this!  a lightly-sauteed shredded red cabbage dish that is a good base for the hummus), and hummus with pita was solid.  The grape leaves are also decent.  Overall, the food here is good and I love the variety of the sides, which also include a mint carrot salad and beet salad as well as cauliflower fritters.  It's a great option for vegans and very conveniently located near campus.
I don't really consider myself a Meditteranean food connoisseur, but I have been enjoying Hummus. I moved to the area recently, and work half a block away. I usually get the salad plate with Israeli salad, carrots, and baba ghanoush and add a chicken kebab (delicious!) and avocado. It comes in over $12 but there is SO much food (though some days more than others, depending who is packing it) and I'm usually stuffed even if I don't finish it. It definitely will be a regular in my lunch rotation!
I would have given this place more stars, but the last two times I've gone there, I've felt rather sick a couple hours after eating it. I always get the Chicken Kabob platter with rice, tomato/cucumber salad, pita and hummus. I love their hummus -- very creamy, nice light flavor, and their pita is so fluffy. But, the chicken is always left sitting out for lord knows how long and has seemed undercooked the last two times. I tried microwaving it, but I don't think it helped. I don't think I'll be getting any meat next time. However, I do like it enough to go back and get veggie dishes. Just no undercooked, salmonella-bearing chicken please...
Ordered the salmon salad. Salmon was good but salad was not. Just a plain salad and it cost almost $10. Had to add my own dressing and croutons when I got home. Definitely not worth the price.
It is tiny so I would suggest getting your food to go.  I had the lamb platter, which came with fries, pita, hummus, and potato salad. The meat was nicely seasoned but pretty tough and the garlicky hummus was great on the pita. I personally liked the mustard flavored potato salad but you have to like mustard. Fries were pretty good. everything is prepared in front of you and made to order, which is rare and very much appreciated. Portions are pretty good and it came to $25 for 2 platters. Not bad!  Meze is still my go-to place for lamb but the prices here are maybe $2 cheaper  it was also pretty busy today and all tables inside and out were taken. A good, inexpensive option if you're on campus and want to grab a quick bite.
The shawarma is AMAZING! I ate here for the first time and got the combination platter with a coworker and it was delicious. I love how u can build ur own pita with all the ingredients n the platter. In my platter I got shawarma, falafel, chicken potato salad and cabbage and they all come with pita and hummus. I would def recommend this place to anyone!
This place is VERY popular.  That being said, the interior is quite small and cramped.  They really don't have anywhere to expand to being in this location.  So be warned if you are claustrophobic.
The food is pretty good - I had the hummus salad and it was all pretty fresh.  It even comes with a warm pita (White or whole wheat).
I'd recommend trying it - Would be best on a warm day (I think they have outdoor seating which would help the crowding situation)
Don't let it's location next to McDonalds and outer fast-food-ish appearance fool you; the food here is delicious.

If I'm ever in the mood for falafel, this is where I'll go. For about $8 you get falafel, rice/fries (the fries are pretty good, but as a platter I definitely choose the rice), a big mound of hummus, pita, and two side veggies. Definitely a good sized meal full of variety, and it all tastes great.

I've also had their shawarma, which was tasty but a little on the greasy side for my taste.

The cashiers are generally very nice, and while the staff will routinely botch your name when they call your order (even if it's a straightforward one), it's not tough to figure it out.

Often I get take-out since the seating is minimal and cramped, but if you are lucky enough to get a table it's fine.
It took me an entire year to make my second visit, and I'm ashamed I haven't frequented this place more.

This place is small, but its very clean and far from being a 'hole in the wall'. The day that I went, the girl was actually training a new person. She kept apologizing for making me wait while she explained everything to the new girl - but my wait time was almost nonexistent (I was in there for no more than 15 minutes). 

I got my food to go, and went back to mi casa to dig in. My pita sandwich was so fresh - it's like they have a secret greenhouse in the back and they pick your veggies after you order. They put just the right amount of feta cheese on it too, and its not too tart like some other places nearby. My friend got hummus and falafel on his pita and loved it (however my hummus and falafel are better by default). And the fries are so good. They have that in-between texture of crispy/soggy with the right amount of salt. I also got the baklava, and me & my friend thought it was great.

Overall, Hummus has super fresh and tasty food, and their employees are fast and upbeat.
I ordered through campusfood.com.  The food and the price were decent, but it took 1 hour 20 minutes for two falafel sandwiches to be prepared and travel 9 blocks.  Also, they got our sauces wrong.  Too bad, I was kind of excited about falafel deliveries...
From the outside, Hummus doesn't look like much. It's basically a small brick one-story storefront with a single sign that becons you with big-bold-back-lit letters reading "hummus".  

Given the stark exterior,  stepping inside reveals a pleasant surprise. The interior is nicely decorated with warm colors and trendy furniture. It's a very clean and comfortable atmosphere. Most importantly, though, the food is pretty good. I'm no expert on middle eastern food, but I do know what I like and I've never been let down here. It's a good alternative to the UPenn food carts; a little more expensive, but in my opinion, a step up in quality. The staff is always friendly and you won't have to wait long for your food. I recommend it. 

Oh, and if they ask you if you want hot sauce, say yes!
Decent felafel.  Good customer service.  Decent prices.  They take LevelUp! :-)
