Currently chowing down on some delicious braised beef noodle soup (udon edition). I don't know if they have lunch specials or if they just gave me a deal, but I paid a little less than the asking price- so no complaints there. If you order while there it takes about 10-15 minutes. I got my order to go and they filled up the soup in the container which I appreciate. 

The broth is tasty and they give you a tiny container of hot sauce (think it's a pepper sauce) to add for more spice and flavor. The beef is plentiful (but could stand to be better flavored) and the noodles are not overcooked. Delicious, super filling soup.

The inside is cute, especially the blue-tinted ceiling.

They serve ice cream, smoothies, tea, noodles, a few fried items (chicken, fries, etc.), edamame, and gyoza. 

The smell from my soup has brought my coworkers over and already convinced them to try it for lunch one day soon. I look forward to going back to try the other items on the menu. Glad for another tasty lunch meal option.

Quick update: Was feeling tired and had a sore throat which needed to be quickly remedied as I have my master's presentation tonight. I decided to try the roast duck noodle soup with udon. This soup is so fragrant and delicious I can't even begin to explain it. It was a huge pick me up. Don't get if you have a problem picking through the bones in a duck, but otherwise- order it! Delicious delicious delicious. 

Also, trying to figure out what this drink is I'm having now. It's mango maybe? I've never had it, but it's perfectly sweet, but not too much, and has fruit balls/lychee/aloe jelly (?) that I've never had and probably would have never ventured to try. But it's really tasty and, combined with the soup, a perfect combo. I'm hooked!
I Heart Tea open just last week. They offer bubble tea (boba), ice cream, fried chicken, and cell phone cases.

The bubble tea I ordered was good. And they explained that they'll be expanding their menu soon. It will be interesting to see what direction they go in with their menu.
Closest Honey Green Tea to California chains that I've tasted so far in Philadelphia. Its almost comparable to Ten Ren/Tea Station, but the tea isn't strong/thick enough. I grew up in South Cali and just moved to Philly, so I'm really picky when it comes to boba(or bubbles, its more Americanized term) tea. The tea is strong enough where you can feel a bit of the 'bite' on your tongue, but I like it stronger still. 


Really, buy tea from here. It's good. Keep them open so I have some decent tea in Philadelphia.
This place serves OK noodle soups and pad thai (wouldn't be my go-to place for those). However, its fried chicken wings are AMAZING! They are crispy on the outside and are nice and moist on the inside. Their sauces are also bangin'. I'm so glad I live within a few blocks and can rely on them for my chicken wing cravings. The edamame appetizer is good and the bubble tea is also good - they have a pretty decent flavor selection. 

The wait time for takeout is not too bad, but it may help if you like Korean hip-hop, which they had on full blast during the 10 mins I waited. The price is reasonable for what you get. Overall, great neighborhood takeout spot!
Pretty awesome chinese food spot without having to make the trek to chinatown. At first this place is deceiving because it looks like a tea spot, but make sure to go in if you are craving delicious yet really reasonably priced food. They have a good variety of food options from all over Asia. I would highly recommend the fried chicken, it is more Korean style, fried to perfection and the meat just falls off the bone. Also, do not forget to try their delicious teas! I got one as a "dessert" for my fried chicken.
One of my favorite lunch spots across from my job. They have a great selection of smoothies and bubble tea as well as diet dishes. Very cute, modern tech decor with comfy seating. 

My only negative comments are that they charge convenience fee for card services under $10, and during the lunch rush, service can get pretty busy.
Vegetarian review:

Love this place! I always order the veg fried rice, veg lo mein noodles and the garlic string beans! It's always fresh, well spiced and warm!! Note that it has egg in the rice and stuff so make sure you ask to take that out if you're vegan.

My favorite Chinese food spot in Philly! I'd def recommend this place to anyone!
I haven't had their Tea yet, but as far as quick and delicious takeout goes, this place gets four stars from me.

I ordered some takeout standards, Beef with broccoli and Hot and Sour soup, and both were among the best I've had from takeout in Philly. 

The food is quite satisfying and tastes more "homemade" than most Chinese takeout restaurants.

Inside, the place is clean and smart looking. It smells good too! I definitely recommend I Tea.
Fuji mountain bubble tea was like a tasty milkshake!!!
Speaking on behalf of their bubble tea and their bubble tea only!!! Soooo so good. Their tapioca has a nice sweet flavor and their speciality bubble teas are great. I usually get the jasmine green tea with bubble. I've also tried coconut almond, also good. I'm pretty sure I've tried some of their milk teas too. All very good to me. The smoothies though, taste like pure artificial flavoring, maybe some of you are okay with that but I wasn't feeling it. They do delivery too! I hear people rave about their food, too.

If you decide to sit in, they have some high tops, weird chairs, Jenga and tic-tac-toe to play if you want. Also they sell phone cases.
We had the thai tea and taro-flavored bubble teas, which tasted great! Planning to return soon for the food
Great little Bubble Tea and Chinese food eatery right on Spring Garden st. 

This place is a quiet and small casual cafe style restaurant but is very clean, quick, and most importantly delicious.

Today I ordered the Passion Fruit bubble tea and the house fried rice. The house fried rice is loaded with pork, chicken, and shrimp. It is of high quality and great taste, none of that fake red cubed pork, but a real cut and they do not skimp.

Highly recommend checking this place out for a quick and yummy lunch!
I have a nasty cold, and wanted some hot soup to fix it!  I Tea is super close to my job, and you can order directly from their website.  Very clean and relaxed environment in the restaurant as well.

I ordered the duck and pork soup with rice noodles.  Delicious, and would definitely order again.  Well priced for the generous portion.  Excited to try the teas next time!
Love this place! I come here once a week with my fiancé and we love the food. The staff is extremely friendly and the food they make is amazing! I usually get the pepper beef with mixed vegetables and it's always so delicious. Such a wonderful experience.
Their fried wings are sooooooo good. Super crunchy but juicy on the inside . The soy garlic sauce on the side to dip them in are so yummy. Try it
I just want to put a disclaimer on this review. This review does not reflect on the countless times that I have going to i-tea and have greatly enjoyed the food and the service. It really is the perfect lunch spot....until today.

So I ordered my shrimp shumai and shrimp roll, my typical order. Today I found a hair half way into eating my shrimp roll. I was highly upset because the shrimp rolls are so damn delicious but now I'm doubting whether the cooks cover their hair. I know accidents happen but this hair is really lodge into my shrimp roll and has cause major trust issues with I-tea.
First, iPhone and now I Tea. This place is very nice and quaint. It is away from the major traffic areas but still pretty good in quality. I had the Korean soy garlic wings with edamame. They were all fairly good and best part was that it was reasonable priced. Granted, these wings are not the most authentic and the sauce was on the side but they were fresh and piping hot when I eat them 

The dining area is a bit small if you have a big group, so go with a smaller crowd. The seats lack back support and made it a little awkward to sit and relax back. Overall, I had a good time dining and eating the food.
I  Tea consistently has good food. I have done both pick-up and delivery, and it's always on time. Think of it as elevated Asian take-out. The Mongolian Beef, House Fried Rice, Crab Rangoon, and General Tso's are some of our favorites. Good take out tempura. One of our go-tos. Great people and they have fun games to play while you wait to pick up or if dining in.
The lunch portions are respectable, not too oily, not too salty compared to other Chinese fares. The taster overall was average, but not in a bad way. 

I had the Dry-Rub Cumin Lamb lunch special with white rice. The meal come with your choice of soup or salad. I chose the Hot and Sour (other choice was the Wonton). The overall the soup was good. Not overly spicy or sour. It had a nice kick to it and would be enjoyable to most people, if you like spicy (but not too spicy) soups, in my opinion. The lamb meat was a bit chewy but not overly so. It might have come out a bit better if they did cut it in long, thinner strips instead of square pieces. Overall the meal was decent, not too spicy, not too salty, for me at least. For the average person, they may feel the heat a bit, but not much of a burn, especially not afterwards. It's a good meal to warm up with on a cold, windy winter day.

I also got a portion of their "kebab" skewers (comes in a set of 4 skewers). The lamb as as well. It's a bit different from the lunch portion in terms of taste and texture. It's not as spicy and a tad sweet. It's certainly more tender than the lunch portion. A good choice if you are looking for appetizer to share with just yourself.

The highlight of this place is certainly it's bubble tea. I got the Taro Milk Tea. It was pretty delectable. Sweet but not too overly sweet, very well rounded. Not too watered down or too milky, very flavorful. The tapioca balls (aka "boba") very very soft and easily chewable. A good way to round off your meal, even in the winter.

The wait times can be a bit slow when dining in (I went ~11:30a during a winter holiday season), unless you arrive early (before the lunch rush). If you order for take out expect to wait a tad before your order is ready. They have online ordering so try to take advantage of it if you don't like waiting.
Love this place. I've been here multiple times, they offer great varieties of food. So far, I've tried the pad thai, Singapore rice noodle, shanghai stir fried noodle, chicken garlic sauce, kimchi fried rice, dan dan noodle and so much more. Almost everything on the menu:) Seriously, not one thing I don't like. This is how good they are. The staffs are very friendly and helpful. Which is another great plus. The only down side is this place gets busy during lunch time so the food would take approximately 15-20 minutes. But it's totally worth the wait. They also offer general tso chicken which is not on the menu, oh man, so delicious. THE BEST I've ever tried. Highly recommend this place.
I order from here every single time I'm in philly.
Every single time I order something different and I'm never disappointed. The wings, wonton soup, noodle dishes.... everything is amazing. Also .. it's so cheap!!!! Must go to!!
I thoroughly enjoyed my delivery from I Tea through Grubhub. Took half the recommended delivery time (well maybe that's coz I live just 2 blocks away) The food was served warm. 
I ordered House fried rice which included shrimp $ chicken. Mind you, it's dry as it has no sauces. Luckily enough, I also ordered a side of soy garlic sauce. - perfect!
The popping boba tea which honey & green tea was great as well! 

They have lots of options to choose from for the bubble tea. They do charge a little extra if you intend to add/ modify ur tea.

Their lychee jelly is different than the other bubble teas places. It's delicious!

I have already ordered from them 2x after that! Highly recommend!
I've came here numerous times! Either walked and ate here, ordered delivery, or ordered pick-up. This spot has consistently been on point and is a neighborhood fav for an Asian fresh fix!

My most recent drop in, I always get the bubble tea! I love their Thai tea with the black boba (and big straw)! Just enough sweetness and boba! I Tea is one of my favorite places to grab bubble tea while in the area! Also, ate the shrimp roll and cheese wontons that was also good.

You can't go wrong with grabbing food and/or a bubble tea from I Tea. I would honestly say it's one of a kind!
In the midst of a snowstorm, my food was delivered on time and hot! Delicious chicken fried rice and perfectly fried chicken. As a side, I ordered French fries, extra crispy. Happy to say the fries were just like I requested!
This place is my lunch go to without having to walk to Chinatown.

There isn't much that's good on spring garden, but you can't go wrong with these items:

- bubble tea, I get it with half the sugar 
- wonton soup (so good and so affordable) need twice the broth and extra wontons? Get the large
- dan dan noodles- these can be spicy folks! Plenty of garlic. Yum
- wonton in spicy oil. Let me advise, I've seen them hand wrap these in house. So good.

I don't stray from the menu above.  Delivery to anywhere in the city is fast and $1.

Why not?!
I ordered the green beens and Mongolian beef. The dish was overwhelming green beans. The beef that was there was fairly well executed, tender. And the sauce, though sweet, was fairly well balance. This was an average chinese takeout meal.
Ordered delivery via Eat24 for Chicken Lo Mein and Pork Gyoza. Delivery time was 45-60 minutes, but it arrived closer to 30. Food was still hot, and everything was good. The dumplings were a little small and somewhat dry, but I liked that they weren't super doughy. I also really like that their lo mein isn't dripping in sauce or oil, and it was a HUGE portion.

I did find it odd that I didn't receive chopsticks with my order. The delivery man also was very very impatient, he was calling my cell phone while also ringing my buzzer frantically and also knocking. If I wasn't expecting delivery I would've thought a car was on fire outside. Like calm down dude, give me 10 seconds to get to my door!
I got the shrimp with garlic sauce which is my normal go to dish there . It is always very good I have a hard time finding Chinese restaurants that may it to my liking . I get extra spicy which is not really to spicy but it's still good . The shrimp rolls are not the best I've had better .The KFC wings are good also and the soy garlic sauce is the best . The Wonton soup is not back either .
Best delivery. Fast and delicious. Always gets the order right and includes condiments and utensils. Their lo mein is great, the fried chicken is so good and all their appetizers are good. The only thing is occasionally the bubbles are tough in the tea. But this is ok bc everything is so worth it. Great prices too for people on a budget.
Great bubble tea!!! Customer services was good helps you decide what to order . I usually get my tea in china town this a good location for parking ... I will return !!!
Not much that hasn't been covered in other reviews. Delicious food, good service and reasonable prices. Being around the corner from my place is just a bonus! I ordered the soy ginger wings, shumai and an egg roll. All delicious. The soy ginger sauce comes on the side and you can request the spice level. The wings were crispy and delicious and A LOT of food. Sure, they're not quite as good as the fried chicken I had in Seoul, but it's pretty damn close. Will definitely be ordering from here more often.
Great food, flavorful and tasty. This is not your typical Chinese takeout fare, their menu has a variety of Asian cuisines.  Service is always friendly and the restaurant is bright and clean. Their bubble tea is also very good.  I have ordered from them several times since they opened and have been happy each time.
Hidden Gem right on Spring Garden- great Szechuan beef. Eat in or take out. Prices are unbelievably worth it!
Decent place. I got a coconut bubble tea and the garlic soy chicken wings. My bubble tea was a bit disappointing because it didn't taste like coconut, which the main reason I came here was to get a bubble tea. The wings were quite nice. Lots of great seasoning/flavoring and hot (temperature)!
I am a student from CCP, this is the 'must go' place during my lunch time. I usually order a bubble tea along with some noodles. I would not say this is the best bubble tea, but this definitely is the best around the area (including Chinatown's). I also like their idea of adding all different types of noodles and delicious dishes from time to time; it gives me more choices everytime. I believe the Pad Thai is their latest item. This particular noodle dish is everywhere in Philly now; from my numberous times of having Pad Thai in different restaurants, I would say their taste were about the same. Last Friday, I have given this Shrimp Thai Pad a try; somehow, I found it was different from other places. Yes, they put fish sauce in there! And yes, Asian people like fish sauce! Anyway, I appreciate I Tea's constant great hospitality, and I believe in their continuous improvement.
I ordered the steamed vegetables and tofu with brown rice, and as a drink I ordered the honey jasmine green tea with aloe jelly. The delivery guy got here in less than an hour. The food portion was good for the price and was absolutely delicious! I indicated that I liked crispy tofu in my order and they carried through. The vegetables were fresh and colorful. As for the tea, it's one of the best I've had. Not too sweet, just the right combination of flavors, and there was a lot of aloe jelly. 10/10. Will definitely order again!
This place has some of the best korean fried chicken around. The soy garlic wings have become a staple in my diet. Very consistent quality.
Came here for a quick bite before my flight out of Philly. I just wanted some comfort food and I got it. Ordered the beef udon noodle soup and it was exactly what I needed. The beef was a bit dry, but I wasn't expecting amazing Lanzhou style beef noodle soup. The broth was simple and delicious. My friend ordered the shumai, but noticed something wrong with the order. They brought it in and brought a new plate for her. The man working there apologized many times and even offered us complimentary tea to which we replied we didn't need it. But he still gave us green tea to go!
My go to Chinese carry out. The food tastes great and authentic and the proportions are generous for the price. 
My favorite dishes are singapore noodles, dan dan noodles, their speciality fired chicken and seafood tofu soup. They have the best seafood tofu soup in town!
fantastic place to chill and have work lunch. It's kinda slow for dine-in, but you always can order in advance and do pick up or delivery! I love bubble tea there!
The Korean fried chicken from here is the best around Philly. The skin is super crunchy and the soy garlic sauce on the side is really good and adds a nice touch. The bubble tea is ok, not the best I've had but sufficient if you're craving and not near Chinatown. I've ordered delivery from here a few times and it always comes in 25 minutes or less which is amazing.
I found I Tea when looking for places that deliver bubble tea at night. Wow!! Iced black milk tea was great and they have the best wonton soup ever! Definitely add at least a small size to your order :) The general tsos chicken is perfectly sweet, spicy and crunchy. We also love their fried chicken, triple delight, and Singapore noodles. Thank you I Tea!!
what a surprise!
I ordered chicken with garlic sauce for lunch at work. And compared to other places we've ordered from, they don't even compare.  The food tasted fresh.  Veggies seemed fresh.  Even the rice was cooked to perfection.  
I look forward to the next time we order food from there.
My wife and I keep coming back to I Tea over and over. Food is so delicious, and they cook everything perfectly---especially seafood---which can often come tough and chewy. Great value as well. We've probably tried a dozen different dishes and we've loved nearly all. Just not the kind of place you go to to hang out and eat---it's definitely a grab and go but that's alright with us.
Bubble tea is really good and boba is great as well. Can't wait to try their food - from the looks of what other people were eating it looked delicious. Service was friendly and there were a lot of different combinations for bubble tea and smoothies.
Currently chewing down some delicious shrimp pad Thai noodles. Totally awesome very flavorful. I order from them twice or sometimes three times a week, each time they left me with satisfaction. Great addition to the fair mount neighborhood. Love their bubble tea too.
Great food & cant beat the prices. Especially if you get their lunch specials. Fave is the braised beef noodle soup with udon noodles! 

Bubble tea is also delicious. Lots of flavors and a variety of bubbles. Its my go to for bubble tea in the area.
One of my go-to's for lunch. Their chili oil dumplings and soy garlic chicken wings are awesome
Tried I Tea while housesitting in the neighborhood, and now I'm back. Remembered it as being excellent, so ordering again and looking forward to a great night in, as I'm having it delivered.

The Best Wonton Soup in the city! They are so light and delicious and feel as if handmade... No doughy, gummy wontons here.
Ever so surely falling in love with this place. Not your average inner city Take Out place. They offer great tasting food in an awesome atmosphere. 

I ordered the Shrimp and Brocolli with a Strawberry Popping Bubble. It was delicious! I come here regularly justfor the Bubble Teas, which are A-Freaking-Mazing! Ultimate goal is to try all the flavors. 

The food was flavorful and fresh. And the staff is kind and polite. There are a few things on the menu that I would love to try, so this review maybe updated.
What happened? It's been quite a few months since ordering food from I Tea. It was so good then. Yesterday, most of the food went in the trash. Rice is drowned in oil and it was plain white rice! Didn't care for the oily taste. Is anything actually wok cooked? The broccoli is most certainly steam cooked then assembled with sauce and protein. Skillet meal Chinese? I can do that at home. The most disappointing was the Korean Fried Chicken. This was cooked yesterday. Tasted no different than reheated KFC. Crunchy but kinda chewy and dry chicken. Who hasn't eaten next day fried chicken? It has it's place in the world but was I wrong to want fresh fried chicken? Half of it wasn't like warmed all the way through, either. If you want exceptional Chinese food go to Sang Kee. This place might as well just do bubble teas.
Quick. Delicious and right by my work. I love that I can order online and go pick it up.
Cute little spot. Bubble tea is off the chain and the lunch special is always on point (and it is not restricted to weekdays)
Best Chinese food outside of Chinatown. My favorite egg rolls and fried rice dishes in the city. Good, fast service and they offer both take-out as well as delivery. Decent prices and a great go-to for Chinese takeout.
Consistently good food, and quick delivery. Great value for the price.
I-Tea
Ordered On May 8 2014 at 9:09 PM
1  Pineapple Chicken  $ 9.50
1  Vegetarian Spring Roll  $ 1.25
Subtotal $10.75
Tax $0.94
Delivery Fee $1.00
Tip $1.31
TOTAL $14.00


Their spring roll was good. Pretty standard. The pineapple chicken was also pretty good. It's exactly what you would expect. Slimy chicken doused in a sauce that tastes like thick pineapple juice. Ample serving size and it come with rice and veggies.. I think 9.50 is a bit much for what it is though... I probably tried the wrong thing here. I'd def give this place another shot since it wasn't a bad experience..
Amazing Tea choices and their teas are not too sweet either. Just perfect taste, first time here and I love it
A place that sells bubble tea AND delivers! What more can you ask for?? I highly recommend the Thai milk tea with lychee jelly. It's not too sweet and doesn't have an artificial flavor like some other places. Chicken wings kabob is also a must-have.
Roommate and I ordered chicken and broccoli, wonton soup, and chili wonton app. Chicken and broccoli regular size was easily enough for us to split and still have leftovers. Chili wonton appetizer is really good but definitely spicy. Quick delivery, and great quality of food. Will be ordering from again!
Ordered delivery for lunch, not close enough to walk to from work. I got an almond bubble tea and shrimp and broccoli lunch special that came with rice and wonton soup. Food was very good and I absolutely loved the bubble tea. I only wish I worked closer so I could walk there and just get bubble tea. Delivery was through GrubHub and very fast. Ordered at 12 and got my food by 12:35.
Vegetarian reviewer here. Obsessed with their bubble tea, especially the mango popping bubble. Service can be slow depending on how busy they are, but the quality is great and makes up for it. Their pad thai is surprisingly incredible, considering they aren't a thai restaurant. Everything I have ordered here hasn't disappointed, definitely recommend checking this place out.
My review is only about the bubble tea.

I have been here for a black milk bubble tea several times and it's excellent. I have been to so many places in search of a good bubble tea and FINALLY "I Tea" delivered. The tapioca is always fresh.
I ordered the wonton soup, the broth was very flavorful. The wontons were thinner than i like, but overall all good and plentiful. To meet the delivery minimum I also ordered veggie fried rice, which was bland but has a ton of veggies in it. But the joy of it all were the Korean fried chicken wings, so crunchy and moist. Overall I am surprised at the overall quality of the food, will definitely order again!
Love this place. In addition to amazing bubble tea, it's some of the best tea and food I've had in a while. I've ordered from here multiple times and have never been disappointed. The dumplings, though small, are full of flavor and their roast duck and chicken soup with udon noodles is to die for. 
I've been wanting to go back for one of the cute phone cases I always see in their store part. 
Also highly recommend the smoothies in general, extra tapioca because the extra part in the bottom is just so good. :} 
Will definitely be ordering here more. Love the atmosphere. I've already recommended it to multiple people and family members. It really is good.
Love the puzzles and Tic tac to on the tables too. Great for that Comfy first date when things can get a big awkward. Now u can fill the quiet with an awesome puzzle or simple game of tic tac to. Favorite second dish is definitely just the duck soup without chicken. Amazingly good broth.
Next up to try from here is the croquettes. They look absolutely delicious ^,^
This place by far has the best dandan noodle in the city. They really need to turn this menu into a full service sit down restaurant. They would give Han dynasty and Jane g's a run for their money.
I've had really good Chinese, this place beats everything I've tasted in the Philadelphia area, yes I've been to Chinatown, Rittenhouse, etc. Don't be fooled by the quick bite atmosphere, cuz it's got 5 star taste. It's my go to spot whether I'm at work, school, or home. It's always fresh, great tasting, and they use quality ingredients. I can't order from anywhere else now.
This place was excellent. The chili wontons are the best and the delivery was quick.
Thanks for being a dependable establishment.
I tea has been a favorite after school destination for my friends and I since middle school. The service is great and the food is better. I highly recommend the shumai and the Thai bubble tea but everything is delicious!
Awesome bubble tea place I haven't tried any thing other then their bubble tea.  The bubble tea though is really fresh and tastes absolutely amazing.  I had the almond bubble tea which is the best I think.  I have also had the jasmine green bubble tea because the guy recommended it when I said I wanted to try something different and it was absolutely awesome.  What I like about this place as well is that they sell phone cases weird but I think it's kind of cool.  They also have little games at all of the tables for you to play with while you are waiting for your meal or drink or while you are eating if you would like.
Today I had the pleasure of ordering takeout from this establishment for lunch. The food was delicious!!! The staff were uber friendly and the food quality is definitely worth another visit. I ordered soy garlic wings, potato wedges, vegetable fried rice, and summer tea. This place is way better than Long River that's two doors down. So if you're in the neighborhood and interested in Asian fusion, give this place a try.
This is my absolute favorite restaurant in the Spring Garden area.  I could drink the taro bubble tea smoothie every day.  The Korean fried chicken menu is my favorite.  The I Tea Fried Chicken is so delicious hot, cold, spicy, mild, whatever.  Best fried chicken right from the fridge as leftovers when you're hungover too.  The sauce can be adjusted to your spice preference.  The normal sauce is a spicy, Korean style sauce.  If you request mild, it tastes more like a General Tso's sauce.  I prefer sweeter cheese wontons and theirs is perfect.  The chili oil dumplings are so spicy and so delicious that I hurt myself to eat them.  The beef items are also very delicious; not fatty or rubbery.  I also recommend the beef lo mein and Mongolian chicken.  You can order online through their website.  Fast delivery.  I recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for good quality Chinese food.  Hope you enjoy as much as I do!
Food was excellent. Delivered by Grub Hub on time. Ordered Beef Lo Mein without Onions (delicious and delivered as ordered), chicken wings (delicious), and cheese wontons (good, but a little cold).  The food was excellent and they included all the sauces (soy, duck, ketchup, spicy mustard, etc).  Very reasonably priced.
Tried I Tea while housesitting in the neighborhood, and now I'm back. Remembered it as being excellent, so ordering again and looking forward to a great night in, as I'm having it delivered.
Love this place! The portions are big, the food is flavorful, they have a lot of menu options, and delivery is always super fast. Plus the bubble tea is really yummy.
The i tea fried chicken is a serious serious problem. As in I will eat it all. The soy garlic sauce is so good and their Dan Dan noodles are so spicy and literally perfect. Best in Philly by a landslide
I tried this place during lunch hours on a weekday and it was filled with people coming in to order take out. I ordered the garlic style vegetables with tofu that the women in the counter suggested along with a Thai iced tea. I want to start by saying there quantity is a lot, enough for two people to share. The garlic style veggies were oily and I ended up throwing away most of it. However, their iced tea was really good. I got the large iced tea and it was really cheap considering they did not fill it half up with ice like most other places! Go for the iced tea
I love this place. Fast delivery. Good Mongolian chicken but the soy garlic sauce with fried chicken and rice is everything.
Consistently good food and customer service! A customer for over two years several times a month. I visiting generally during lunch time but have also come in the evening.
So I believe that was the place I went to. Place is small, and clean. just it wasn't type of Chinese food I was looking for. Just my personal opinion. Rice was good, vegetables were sliced too big for me. Wonton soup was good too. It was long time ago so I barely remember how everything tasted. Get a lunch special I think I paid 8$ it's with tax.
Itea is my go to when I'm looking for something quick and good.  My go to is the shrimp with broccoli or shrimp fried rice.  Ordering online or in person you are guaranteed to have you food before you blink your eyes.

The bubble tea!  Yum, the passion fruit slush is the best bubble tea I've ever had and I must say I'm completely addicted to it.

The customer service is always great and pleasant.  It I s easy to miss while walking on Spring Garden since the sign doesn't stand out.  There are a few table tops to eat but it's a smaller dining area.
A perfect lunch special for a hole in a wall restaurant. A gem on Spring Garden that has me excited to go back. The reasonable prices and diverse menu make this a must visit for another asian craving.

I went with a work colleague at the SDOP and he has been a frequent customer. I was feeling the onset of a cold so I opted for something spicy . The Double Cook with Chicken is what I chose and it's spicy and fresh taste are the reason for this review. My colleague had the Curry Sauce that I will try next time.

Additionally I had the wonton soup and was glad this, or a salad, were some of the options for the lunch special. Both were good tasting and I recommend this restaurant when you are nearby.
I always come here to get bubble tea and I'm never disappointed (unless they run out of regular bubbles) Sometimes I get the shrimp fried rice and sometimes it's great other times it's just okay. I don't normally dine in but they do have dine in options that seems pretty cozy. The staff is pleasant and also pretty efficient. I typically enjoy my experiences here
The food here is pretty good.  I love the crab rangoon which is addicting.  They have really decently priced lunch specials which I think one platter can feed 2 people.  They also have fried fish with glazed walnuts that is good as well.  Would recommend.
