If you really like finding your way out of a maze, IKEA is your kind of fun store. One way in. One way out. Little signs with arrows point you in the right direction. A few unmarked shortcuts if your keen enough to find them. 

It's not that their products aren't good; they are. It's not that their Swedish meatballs aren't excellent; they are. It's all about their concept of how people think and learn. To IKEA, customers are to be lead around through the entire warehouse regardless of what they need, and forced to pass through every department on two floors until finally reaching check out cashiers at the end of a long and boring stroll. Once you've begun, forget about going back to the beginning. The human undertow will just drag you down. Need a restroom? Good luck with that. 

It helps if you are a zombie or dyed in the wool shopper when dealing with IKEA. If you don't particularly like the "Costco" warehouse experience, this place will wear you down. I mean, how many DIY furniture projects do you have in one lifetime? How often do you need to build shelves for your office? Not nearly enough to make this entertaining. 

Yeah. We did buy a few glass water containers for around the house, and the prices were good. But, how much better it would have been to be directed to the location where they were shown, and be able to go right to them, than be required to go on safari to find them. 

What a perverse trade-off.
This is our go to place for storage, curtains, seasonal items, bath mats, lighting...and cool thingys. F and I usually come here first and check out all the interesting decor. This is where we get ideas. We recently purchased the Pax closet system... I absolutely love it. It has totally reorganized my bedroom. We also were able to add on as we needed.
The service has always been helpful and friendly, too.
To bitch directly at Ikea and avoid the 800 number: Call Direct Line 215-551-4532. I hit 1111 then 0 to get to a human receptionist. Also try extensions 1452 or 1930 to get a live person. I'm pretty pissed off at Ikea right now. Hopefully this will help you avoid getting any more pissed off by trying to call the 888 number on the website.
Now that Aaron is gone, I feel it's safe to finally do my Ikea review, without getting a swastika carved into my forehead ala Inglorius Basterds. 

I think its notable, that there are a limited amount of Ikeas in the country and the world, and we here in the Philly area have 2! I recently went to the Philly location with a friend , but I usually go to the Conshy location...a fact that I must have brought up a number of times during my visit, to which my companion appropriately mocked me for. Really though, once you are in the Land of Ikea, the outside surroundings bear no effect on your experience. 

I needed some things for my new home, and my friend needed some things for her apartment so once I made sure she had her passport and the appropriate papers, we ventured to the store for college kids and divorced dads. 

She was a newbie here, so I helped guide her through the twisted maze that is Ikea.This was the first time Id been back in awhile. Early on when my marriage first imploded, I wanted to meet with a friend to vent and get advice. He suggested meeting at the cafeteria at Ikea, as it was a central location for both of us, and quite frankly, he was a fan of Swedish meatballs. This turned out to be a mistake. Anyone going through a separation or divorce, should stay clear of furniture stores. I full of happy couples, optimistically starting their lives, picking out furniture, happy in love....and I wanted to shoot them all. 

Time , however, heals most wounds, so here I was back at Ikea. The murderous feelings had passed and I felt more pity, for these clueless couples , picking out furniture that they may one day have to chop in half with an axe. (woah! bitter much?) 

Ikea is actually a fun place to come, even if you don't really need anything. The maze, the little room displays, the toys, even the food is decent. I have absolutely no taste when is comes to these things. I like their simplistic wares. And the fact that they have funny names is a plus. Who wouldn't want a bookcase named Billy? 

We filled our night wandering, speculating, eating meatballs, and even found a few items to buy. Upon exiting, we were met with a torrential, biblical downpour, and I wondered if Aaron wasn't right and we were being punished by God for our support of the false God Thor. The rains, however, died down and we were spared being smited with a watery death. 

But enough of my yakkin, Ill let Jonathan Coulton give the essential Ikea Review. There need be no other review after this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0oo9SitPWk
Yeah...a 5 star review for IKEA, well...this particular IKEA.

So why the 5 star review? Because this IKEA in Philly is ridiculously big and empty!! No line at the cafeteria! Have you ever seen the line at the IKEA in Hicksville, Long Island?? if you have, you'll know what I'm talking about. The people who work here are much more friendlier and helpful unlike the one I goto in Long Island and Brooklyn. 

There's not much more I could say other than their big ass parking lot, well displayed showrooms, huge cafeteria, and no lines. Also, their restroom is clean as hell too. We had a much better experience shopping here than the IKEA in Brooklyn and Long Island.

Verdict - Good to be in Philly.
Who doesn't like IKEA?  I mean really, even if you don't want to put together your furniture, you can still walk around the show rooms and get ideas, really good ideas for your own personal domicile.  When I was just starting off in the world as an adult, I literally would spend all of my extra cash here.  Now that I am established, I still go back often just because most everything sold by IKEA is made intelligently.  Not everything they sell will last for generations, but anything they sell will get you through to a time when you can afford something that will.  I do have items in my house that are well over a decade old.

South Philly Ikea is a different type of store.  No matter how Swedish the corporate philosophy, the Rocky Balboa vernacular and mannerisms of the area show through.  It's a good thing.  It makes the shopping experience real and offers the flavor of the city.  If you shop at the other IKEA, in the burbs, you would think that you were on a different planet.

I prefer the South Philly version because the people here are real, customers and associates alike.  In the burbs, I see the more affluent customer, who is usually more full of themselves arguing with cashiers as to why they need to bag their own purchase, or better yet why they have to bring their own bag with them or purchase a reusable one separately. 

I always thank my cashiers by name, anywhere I go.  Nothing sounds as sweet to a person, than their own name when they are doing everything they can to make their way in the world.  South Philly Ikea gets most of my business, even though the tax is higher in Philly, than the burbs.  It's just a better experience for me.
I have always loved Ikea's style.  I thought to myself that one day, I would have a home that was 100% Ikea.  I love the clean lines, love how everything is reasonably priced, and love that with around $3,000 I was able to FULLY furnish, and accessorize my entire apartment;  living room, dining room, everything in my kitchen, bedroom and full office.  On top of the delivery charge for all the furniture, I paid $700 to have the furniture assembled by UX Home Delivery, the company that Ikea recommends. (April, 2012)

FLASH FORWARD SIX MONTHS (October, 2012) to my king size Hemnes bed frame falling apart.  The foot board was crumbling, so I called Ikea and they stated they would open up a "claim" for me to review the case.  I needed to email them pictures and a copy of my original receipt for them to proceed.  No problem, I stated.  The next day, I emailed scott.lofgren@ikea.com then pictures, a detailed email, and my receipt for purchase, delivery and assembly.

FLASH FORWARD TWO WEEKS. (Mid-October, 2012)  No word from anyone.  I email scott.lofgren@ikea.com AGAIN.

FLASH FORWARD ONE WEEK.  I get a call from a woman who states that Scott is not handling the issue anymore, and she wanted me to resend my original email with pictures, description of the problem, and my original receipt.  I told her that she needed to get the information from Scott, since I wasn't at a computer at the time.

FLASH FORWARD ANOTHER WEEK. (Halloween Week, 2012)  I get a phone call.  The woman I spoke with stated that the integrity of the Hemnes bed frames WAS a recurring issue.  She stated that they will send a truck to pick up the OLD bed frame and drop off a new one.  I would be responsible for taking the old bed apart into "manageable pieces" and assembling the new bed.  I stated that I paid to have the bed put together by the company they recommended, and would like the new bed put together since I already paid for the service.  The woman stated that is not their policy.

Since I was not left with the tools that came with the bed to assemble it, and apartment living does not warrant having a bigger tool set than a 108 piece whats-it-who case of tools that helps me hang pictures,  (I do have tools, but none small enough to fit), I had to physically break the bed apart.  (Manageable Pieces!)

FLASH FORWARD FOUR DAYS:  The company that came to pick up the old and drop off the new was UX HOME DELIVERY, THE SAME PEOPLE THAT ASSEMBLED ALL MY FURNITURE TO BEGIN WITH!  I was told on the phone that the people picking up did not do assembly, which was a LIE.  It was the same company that spent seven hours in my house in April putting everything together.

The fact that this "warranty" took over a month to be resolved is ridiculous.  On top of that, I was promised that additional compensation for the amount I originally spent on assembly would be considered.  It is now December 27th, and through countless emails, phone calls, and frustrations, only yesterday did they tell me I am s*** out of luck and they will not do anything to reimburse me for the assembly charge.

Three full months of aggravation.  I would never recommend the Hemnes bedroom set to ANYONE.  All of my other furniture is beautiful and is standing up well.  This one stupid incident has left such a sour taste in my mouth.

If I ever have another issue with any of my Ikea furniture, I'm just going to throw it out.  Paying for something of higher quality is much less aggravation.

You would think that when one customer spends nearly $4,000 with their company and an assembly company from which they receive a nice kickback for pushing, they would have better customer service.

I will never stop buying their home decor items, but furniture?  Never, ever again.
Oh IKEA, up until a few days ago, you had never failed me. I wish I could compare you to something (or a summer's day), but you were like nothing else: attractive and cheap.

For those of you who don't know, I'm in the process of moving and as you can imagine, it's an experience that really opens your eyes to every worthless purchase you've ever made. Before you know it, you're throwing away shoes, shirts, tennis racquets, dressers, box springs...sigh. Things you once spent a LOT of money on! Anywho, I decided to stop wasting and start making. Making money, that is.

I posted an ad on Craigslist to sell the IKEA desk I purchased from the previous tenant. I sold it in 2 days! The buyer and her husband showed up at my house a few nights later to pick it up.

Do you want to know what happened to the desk, IKEA? Do you want to know? It fell apart. The desk fell apart just as the husband and I lifted it from it's place. I can't begin to tell you how quickly and awkwardly they fled from my house. 

Despite the embarrassment you've caused me, I'm willing to forgive you. I think Beyonce says it best, you're "irreplaceable."
Lets face is, IKEA is like Toys R Us for adults. You can copy their room samples to decorate your home or create your own. They have modern styles which is why I love it here. 

I've heard complaints about the furniture but the truth is, if you aren't beating it up or taking it apart and putting it back together often, it'll last. I've had dressers that fell apart after a couple of moves but i've also had dressers and an entertainment center that are still standing good as new. 

This is the furniture store where there is no one bothering every 2 minutes asking if they could help you with something. You simply walk around and write down what you want and pick it up downstairs. 

My biggest concern in this place has always been "how am I going to fit all this in the car". I think you get what you pay for. The quality isnt the best in the world but its good enough for me. Because of this, the prices make it more afforable for me to add some style to my place.
Swedish Capitalism with a smile.

--Saturday
I don't come often, but when I do, I generally leave happy.  In this instance, I was in a hurry and had a print out of $3000 worth of merchandise that I needed to buy and have delivered/assembled for a friend flying into a town.  I walked up to their home delivery department and was greeted with a smile.  The nice gentlemen explained my options for "picking service" which was a 100 bucks but they get all the items for me - awesome.  

He walked me over to sales associate.  I can't remember her name (I think it was Lisa) but she was super helpful.  She rang everything up but 3 of the items couldn't be put on the pick list because two of them were going through inventory and one item was under 5 in stock.  So, she grabbed a cart, took me downstairs and picked them up herself.  She then gave me the printout and cart and explained exactly what I had to do.  I tipped her - she saved me hours that I didn't have to waste that Saturday. 

I paid for everything then went back to the Home Delivery department.  It was really important to me that everything was delivered and assembled on Sunday (since she was arriving with her daughter then) so I asked if it was possible before paying for the service.  The nice guy behind the counter verified with with the company (Urban Express*) and let me know it could happen between 2-6 or 6-10.  Awesome!  So I paid for the picking fee 100$ (totally worth it), delivery which was $59 and assembly which was over $350.

*See my Urban Express review to witness the horror of that experience

----Sunday 
I came back into Ikea after being totally frustrated with Urban Express.  I went to the Home Delivery department to cancel the assembly order and get my money back.  They said no problem.  I also complained about Urban Express, which didn't take much for them to scoff and join right with me.  They even recognized the name I mentioned who didn't take care of me.  I got a lot of comments like, "Yeah, we've had a lot of complaints." or "Yep, this isn't the first time."

I won't give the details here, but Ikea totally took care of me in this situation and I made sure they understood that I was very happy with my entire experience with Ikea.

My only caution to you is read my Urban Express review before you decide on delivery and assembly.
Damn IKEA! My apartment looks like a reality tv show set.

Hint: Remember to have a plate of meatballs along the way.

Hint: Great for small spaces and for people who can't commit to any furniture for long periods because they move around a lot or have commitment issues.

Beware: some cheap items are just that, cheap! Just return them if you're unhappy. They've never hassled me on a return. Eg: I bought a Gilbert chair, screwed in the screws for the metal legs with my manly man arms (not), and the screws went through the wood seat and poked you when you sat down. Then again, maybe u like to get poked?

Tip: have enough in your checking account before you go and use your debit card - you get a coupon worth 3% of your current purchase for your next purchase. Don't lose it! If you don't plan on coming back, save a small item from your purchase. Make your purchase, get your coupon, then use the coupon for the small item.
This review is going to hit all aspects of Ikea.  My wife and I recently decided to make some major purchases from them, and we've visited this location several times as a result.  I've been able to not only utilize their in-store customer service, I'm also going to review their delivery and assembly, their web service, and their cafeteria all in one swoop.    

We decided we wanted a king size bed, and wanted to see if we could get a less expensive option here.  We don't need anything extravagant, just something that will properly keep my fat ass from hitting the ground, thank you very much.  Also, since we had only recently bought our queen mattress, we decided to get a small frame for that to move it to the guest room.  So we went off to search for a king size mattress, king size bed, and queen bed frame.  

We started by browsing the website.  I do have to say that the website service leaves a lot to be desired.  Even the associate in the store told us not to trust the website when it came to determining if something was in stock.  It gave us conflicting information.  Best to visit the store in person, always.  

We did eventually visit the store, and decided on a king sized foam latex mattress for $649, a Hemnes king pine bed for $239, and a Lerkvik metal queen bed for $139.  Along with accessories, we grabbed $1,227.99 in merchandise before tax.  

Now, one snag.  The mattress wasn't in stock.  Luckily at the time, we had a very helpful associate who directed us to pay for the frames we wanted, set up delivery, and then call her back two days later when the mattress would be in stock and she would reserve one.  Then we would come back to the store, pay for the mattress, and attach that to the delivery order.  Mild inconvenience to me though. 

We got the items (one was full serve which had to be brought to us), went through the checkout line, and went to the delivery area... and waited.   They weren't well staffed here, and they backed up.  Once we got through it, we set up delivery and assembly.  Since we were getting a half decent deal on our purchase, I figured I'd splurge for the assembly.  Total cost for delivery is $59 for all items, and assembly for the two frames was $149.  And they then charge the 8% tax on delivery and assembly. Tack on an extra $224.64 for the full service.

The good news is that when I went back for my mattress, I wasn't charged any extra to tack it on to my delivery.  The bottom line... all totaled for furniture, tax, delivery, and assembly, my bill in the end came to $1550.87.

Price-wise, I'm estatic.  I recently checked Sleepy's for a similar quote.  To get their lowest end king sized latex mattress, a basic wood bed frame with a headboard, and a similar metal queen bed frame was $2200 just for the products themselves without tax, shipping or assembly. 

I did sample the cafeteria meatballs on my return trip for the mattress.  Can't beat them for the price.  And yes, I concur the frozen yogurt is excellent.  Free coffee with the family card, and I even could have gotten a second free yogurt with it too.  These were also good deals.

But in the end, what matters is did they come through on their promises upon delivery? 

We scheduled it for Easter Sunday.  I've seen some horror stories about their carrier, Urban Express.  Called them the night before just to check, and they told me they'd call back by 7:30 pm with a delivery timeframe.  I got a call at 8:45.  They told me that they would be there between 1-5pm on Sunday.  

They showed up at 3 on Sunday.  And as they brought my furniture in, I asked them how they were going to do the assembly.  

"Ummm, we're only the delivery guys. We don't do assembly. you have to call our office for that."

I call Urban Express.  Guess what?  Ikea only sent them an order to deliver.  THEY NEVER SENT OVER THE ASSEMBLY ORDER.  As a result, I now have unassembled furniture delivered to me on a Sunday afternoon.  This does not bode well.  

So I call Ikea's call center.  The associate determined that yes I did have assembly paid for, but the date was entered wrong by the previously mentioned inefficient delivery associate.  Therefore the system never sent over the assembly order with the proper delivery date.  

They got me in touch with the manager on duty at the store.  I was given the option to call back and MAYBE they could set me up in a couple of days for assembly.  I said the heck with it and asked for my assembly charge to be refunded.  They did so apologetically.  

So as a result, I spent 4 hours of my Easter Sunday putting together a king bed.  I still have a queen bed to assemble later.  Ruined my dinner plans too.  I was a bit steamed over that. 

An inefficient delivery associate turned what would have been a 4 star review into a 2 star experience.  On the bright side, the king bed seems very sturdy for the price and the mattress is comfy.

I'll probably go back again and get more stuff.  I just won't buy assembly ever.
I arrived a bit early, before the store was open at 10am so decided to sit in their dining area. I saw a lot of people getting breakfast so i tried the Swedish American breakfast. Sausage, eggs, pancakes etc.. not bad at all. 

I like the Philly Ikea, it's never crazy busy, you won't run out screaming after getting the back of your your heels hit by one too many kids pushing their own strollers either. 

I had a return and it was quick and easy. No wait, no questions, very straight forward. The employees are super helpful, one even walked me downstairs to find something in clearance instead of paying full price for the same item! Very impressed! 

Will definitely come back to this location. I can't tell you how much it differs from the Elizabeth NJ store.
We would give this review 10 stars if we could! Even with the pandemic and the stay at home order, placed an order on line yesterday afternoon for 2 loveseats, got the confirmation of the order along with a "desired" delivery date for today. Thinking this was a glitch as they would contact us 24 hours in advance of the delivery, we went on with our day. Lo and behold,  at noon today, a delivery truck pulls up in front of our house to deliver those same two sofas! The crew was exceptional- personable and polite! Best experience ever! We highly commend Ikea for keeping their people working and safe during these difficult times and appreciate these young men's efforts ! 

Thank you for all you do! Stay safe! 
Awesome job
PANDEMIC SHOPPING.  I've been an Ikea fan since forever. Coming back for the first time in a year was an eye-opener. Things are scaled down, displays feel a little more spread out. Every register and computer station has a plastic barrier. It feels otherworldly.

The main restaurant is closed down, but the bistro on the first floor offers a scaled down menu to go. The meatballs and mashed potatoes was a small serving and was not really that hot. We shared a salmon sandwich, and the amount of salmon on it was barely discernible.

Finally, overall the customer service felt really depressing. Everyone looked really tired and grumpy, and this was at opening on a mid-week day. We asked where we could find one item, and when we finally tracked down an employee for assistance, she snapped, "If it's not there, then we must be sold out of it."  OK, dear.
If you need a package of 100 tea lights for under $5, this is your place...

If you need a new area rug for under $10, this is your place...

If you need lamps and energy efficient bulbs for under $15, this is your place...

If you need linens for your day bed for under $20, this is your place...

If you need a bookcase / entertainment center for under $100, this is your place...

If you want your furniture to be unique, or your linens to be 200+ count thread this is not the place for you!  Remember that nearly every dorm room, starter apartment, and low budget home make-over will all use these products!  It's very cookie cutter / mass produced.  But if you're okay with all of that and are looking to save a little money, IKEA is the place for you.  If you don't like putting your furniture together, or having to bring your own shopping bags - stay away.  Also if you get sucked in by showrooms, beware - the entire showroom is designed to disorient you and trick you into buying an entire DIY guest room!  Beware!!  All in all, for candles, picture frames, vases, and glass ware it's a great place to go to buy things in bulk.
We've been to this Ikea store a lot. Sometimes it's for something serious like a sofa, sometimes it's for something for the kids rooms. My most recent trip was to replace the sofa cover I spilled a whole glass of red on, after I was in the doghouse for golfing earlier that same day so a speedy replacement was necessary! 

I walked in the exit like usual and went right to the computer kiosk so I could get my slipcover.  Turns out an employee has to set that up. So Matthew took care of me in a flash. I had my sheet for pickup and off I went. While I went to pay my wife went looking for lamp shades. After checkout is when the disappointment kicked in. 57 minutes later I get called for my item to be picked up. As I'm approaching the counter the attendant points to my box behind the wall. I go over to pick it up and hand her my sheet and I get scolded "get behind the yellow line" when I turned around there were two ladies that heard her and their eyes were huge in amazement. Since it's been 57 minutes I just wanted to leave. 

My experience with this side of the ikea experience was further eroded when I went to return the lamp shades today. I walked in at 10:55. I was number 69, they were on 56. I made an online purchase at 11:33 and they were on 66. At 11:45 I got called. Why does it take this long for a return, I waited 50 minutes in the middle of a Tuesday for a return.  Get outta here ikea. 

IKEAs offer decent stuff at a reasonable price, all of my experiences have been positive when on the sales floor but the return procedure and the pickup area is a disaster and the pickup area need major tending to as they are a horrible last experience at this Ikea.
This place is great. For many many reasons . They have a play area for kids and give you a beeper if they act up or throw up. Sometimes I go there for a break sometimes  if it is just too damn hot outside (not now obviously) and you need a free air conditioned activity followed buy dollar hot dogs or dollar ice cream what more could you ask for? I wonder sometimes what the range is on that beeper -if I could make it to lets say Champs across the parking lot for drinks. Of course I do come here for other things like recycling batteries or actually shopping for things in the market place. For the guy who couldn't find his way out... there are signs all over the place even short cuts .The place is dreamy and all but all you have to do is look up and read the damn signs.
IKEA!

Explained to you in a witty, clever matter by Burt and Ernie, the gay couple, on Sesame Street...

Ernie: I is for... I wish these things were easy to assemble.
Burt: Geesus! Tell me about it? I don't even know if I built a bed or a toaster oven for Christ's sake!
*Ernie and Burt laugh like girlscouts and finally settle down as they smile at one another*
Burt: K is for... Krafted by Swed designers who find the most useless objects, to create crap, that looks pretty to look at, but will break the moment you breathe on it.
Ernie: I'll breathe on you.
Burt: Ernie! Settle down... there are children watching here.
Ernie: So what?
Burt: Read the next card you silly man you!
*Burt tickles Ernie for a few long awkward-for-the-audience minutes and finally...*
Ernie: E is for... EGAWD! Does that thing look phallic to you? Because it surely shouldn't be a dining room centerpiece...
Ernie: Unless it's Hell's Kitchen, NYC!
*both chuckle and snort as Ernie licks Burts ear*
Burt: Ernie! Not while the camera is rolling... geesus!
Both: A is for... A twenty-five dollar gift card to Ikea for all my enemies this holiday season. Hahaha.
Ernie: Are we done yet? Cause I wanna go in the bathtub now.
Burt: Right after I feed the pigeons darling. 
Ernie: I'll find my rubber ducky!
*Scene cut from this point on due to PBS funding and from viewer's like you... thank you!*

Note: Thank you Bill for pointing out that I had forgotten 'A' for the end of IKEA not IKEI. Wow. How dopey of me right?
As we were making our way back from our 5th Ikea trip in the last month, my hubby, wedged in the back seat between numerous heavy cardboard boxes, acutely asked "What would we do without Ikea?" While I do feel that some of their quality levels have gone swiftly southward, they are still the go-to place for cheaper, do-it-yourself essentials, perfect for the homeowners on a budget... not that I know anything about that. 

IKEA survival rules:
- Go with a plan. Check the website and the catalogue to at least get an idea of whether they have what you're looking for/ in need of.
- MEASURE your space ahead of time.
- If you can, go on a week day, or week night for that matter.
- Use the handy little map pamphlets to stave off any panic attacks that might ensue if you find yourself in a sea of people and need a shortcut out fast! Or just to find the department you're looking for =P
- Keep in mind the size of your vehicle, and don't be afraid to be creative with physics while packing said vehicle.

Of course if you're looking for a crazy crowded hectic shopping experience and just want to browse, scratch all that and good luck ;)
I like coming to IKEA for the Swedish Meatballs. My wife loves this place. When my two girls were toddlers we'd come here often, they loved all the colorful toys. The furniture is lovely, it looks beautiful - but not a fan of it. I guess Ikea furniture is good for college dorms. But I don't like the idea of using a tiny little S shaped tool to put my furniture together. But that's just me.
Ikea is a wonderful store for funky, low-priced furniture that you have to assemble yourself.  I love how everything is flat-packed, so it's easy to transport by car.  I love their store displays, with many awesome mini-rooms that are impossible to recreate yourself, but are worth trying.  I love the fact that they sell food, and their home goods section is always fun.  I don't love putting the furniture together, though.  It would be okay if they didn't have those little screw locks (those of you who have ever bought a dresser or something from them know what I'm talking about).  

My only complaints are that the furniture doesn't always hold up for more than a year or two.  I got a dresser from them (one of their more expensive ones), and it literally broke (the wood split) and fell apart one day as I was putting a pair of jeans into a drawer.  So sad.  But for cheap furniture, you can't find a cooler place.  It's great for young people who are getting their first apartment/house and who are strapped for cash.  Just don't expect to be handing down your Ikea furniture to your kids as a family heirloom someday because it doesn't last that long.

Also, be aware that some items are not all that much cheaper than other stores' items, and you might be better off just investing in a solid piece of furniture from that other place (I'm thinking dining tables, couches, etc.).

Also, try to go when they're having a sale.  But beware of the mob that will be there, elbowing you out of the way so they can grab that marked-down item first.
You know how people always joke about couples breaking up in here? I totally can see it. You walk in and there are lots of young couples holding hands, eyes glazed walking through the aisle. Not I.
I dragged the lover here when we realized all our bookshelves were buckling from our massive amounts of books. He had never been to Ikea before--and if I could italicize this sentence I would because that amazes me!!! 
The trick to Ikea is to know that nothing you buy here will truly last, but because you cannot yet wrap your head around the idea of spending 3,000 on a couch, you drag your ass to the land of weirdly named things that can all be put together by a N-shaped metal tool, enjoy the smooth shopping carts, and marvel how people with a better eye than you can make such cheap things look so sweet.

P.S. my favy new thing about coming to IKEA now is that people take pictures of the tag of things they want and then use their phone to find them instead of madly scribbling down bin and aisle numbers and scanner IDs. So that's new, but the $3 meals at IKEA is still the same. Bleech!

P.P.S. every garlic press I've gotten here has rocked my world. I got one from Target two months ago and broke it with the first clove I tried to press. Can these comments get any more random?!
Tummy full of swedish meatballs makes me smile and burp a little..right now.

People often ask me where I brunch.. HA! I say, IKEA fool! $.99 for some powdered eggs, greasy bacon and fried taters, emm effer! I actually pour ranch dressing all OVER the breakfast to make it taste extra yummy. The husband drowns his in syrup.

 I can honestly say that this breakfast is better than alot of places in town. Especially some nasty shit like IHOP. and if you don't like it..don't eat it. It was only a dolla!

I really like the coffee..so smoooth. 

kisses to Ikea. I like your shitty furniture and your food. Just what I needed.
Damnit, I do like IKEA. Listen, its affordable furniture and housewares that actually look nice. It's not lifetime stuff, so don't plan on moving any of it with you if you move to a new place. A lot of the wood is terrible and will warp when it gets wet. The picture frame sizes are weird, but you can make it work. 

Things I really like buying from ikea: 
1. Blankets and duvet's. I know other who have them, and I just invested in some and am thoroughly impressed. The pillow cases that i got have button closures, or fabric closures. Score.  
2. Dish scrubbers. They have this one that has a suction on the bottom, and comes in fun colors. They are $1.
3. Fun paper plates, napkins, straws.
4. $1 soft serve frozen yogurt
5. kids stuff. Toys, dishes, etc. I even use the littlest stuffed toys as cat toys.

Things I have learned not to buy from IKEA:
1. Pots for plants. They do not have drainage holes.
2. Cardboard storage boxes
3. $7 end table (if you have been here, you know which one I am talking about)
Ikea I love you. 

Where else can I get plates, bowls and glasses for $0.50 each? When the Greek in me comes out and I feel like smashing some plates at a party - Ikea is where I stock up! 
No really I love ikea...about 90% of my place is furnished by Ikea. Love their artwork - the ginormous pic of NYC behind my bar  is amazing. They also have really nice plants extremely cheap. 

On top of that 2 hot dogs, bag of chips and a soda for $1.99!! AWESOME!!!

Oh and the swedish meatballs own.
I've only been to 2 IKEAs in the United States. Both of which are on the East Coast. With total disregard to the lower sales tax rate, I'm sorry to say this is my 2nd favorite out of the 2.

Try to avoid going to IKEA on the weekends like it's your in-laws family reunion. Way too crowded, but if you gotta go you just gotta go. Food is great as always though, so at least there's that :)
I'm not gunna lie, I realize it's not the best quality, but there's a soft spot in my heart for Ikea.  I've come to this location to get a couple things for my room.  Most of the prices are pretty reasonable and shopping is pretty smooth at the start...

Walking through the showroom is great if you don't mind getting tempted to purchase other things to model your room after the displays.  The self pickup area is pretty simple to use granted you know the aisle and bin numbers.

I had food here once.  I ordered the swedish meatball platter and wasn't too satisfied.  It wasn't awful, but I've made swedish meatballs better than this!  Ugh.  Disappointing.

My biggest complaint is how the self checkout is run.  If I'm buying one or two items I'm going to use the self checkout.  First off, the way it should work is that people wait in ONE line for a group of 4 self checkout units.  However, every time I come to Ikea it's different.  Sometimes it's done properly and sometimes I'd be waiting in the middle as a huge family starts to fall in line behind on left self checkout counter.  Do they not see a line forming in the middle?  I don't get it.  Minutes later a line forms behind them and behind me... well, I guess it looks like I'm in line for the right only.

Also, I can't stand people who have so many bulky items that their cart can barely hold...and they're in self checkout.  Are you serious?  Is that necessary?  It's like the person fishing through their wallet/purse for exact change during rush hour when you're getting your coffee.  If the place isn't busy, fine whatever.  If the place is busy, I think it's just rude to go to self checkout when someone at a counter can check your items much quicker.

This leads me back to the situation where the family to the left of me fell in line about 5 minutes before I got there....they moved up to the next available checkout (on the left side)...and I waited for 15 minutes more as the two checkouts on the left were being used by people with a million large, bulky items and with no idea how to use the checkout machine.

Sigh.  I love you Ikea, but at the end my experience is always ruined.
I worked at the first IKEA store in Plymouth Meeting, Pa.  when they just opened.  I learned more there then any other job because of the amount of customers and issues.  I also learned a ton about design so now I have my own home furnishings store.  But you can see the influence of IKEA and other stores in our set up.  I still love IKEA for design inspiration.
Waited in line 30 minutes for a credit. Employees walking in back instead of taking care of customers.
Crystal, and Marina were the representatives. They are rude and to top it off, the manager Tiana was just as rude no apology only that this is the process. I asked her do you see this line.
She says she sees it, I asked her how long does she think I'm gonna wait.

Rude no apology.
Crystal was asked to contact a manager and she was rude w Susan that was standing in line w me.

I'm gonna write about this tire until everyone hears what I gotta say
Have you ever had Breakfast at Ikea? Well you won't confuse it with Breakfast at Tiffany's that's for sure! I met my buddy PJ here for breakfast before going to Home Depot to pick out a nice house plant. Everyone knows a guy like PJ, or you may be just like him yourself. You know the type, his motto is "If it's free, it's me". 
So leave it up him to find a breakfast special that includes Eggs, Bacon or Sausage and Home fies for only 99 cents! 
That's not all, you can substitute different offerings like the Swedish Pancakes with the Logganberry topping or get a side order of anything for $1.00. I'm used to paying six to eight bucks for a simple average breakfast so the possibilities were swirling in my brain, calculating just how much I can scarf up for my usual breakfast tab. 
Ikea's Kitchen is set up like an old skool cafeteria, you grab a tray, utensils, and there's cold milk and orange juice available at the beginning of the line. 
I decided to break the bank and go for it and try to sample everything. Here's the list: Scrambled Eggs, Home fries with Turkey Sausage links, Bacon, Swedish Pancakes and some kind of Fish. I added a cup of coffee and some OJ and the grand total was $5.99 plus tax. 
But wait until you run out tonight and sleep on the payment in front of the store to be sure you get a place at the table. 
The food was OK, a notch above school cafeterias and the place was spotless with plenty of seating with a view of the Delaware River. The portions are small and and a little lukewarm for my taste. 
Fortunately there's a microwave right in the seating area. Overall it was a pleasant experience and PJ felt like Diamond Jim Brady when he took care of the check. I even got to buy one of those fake Chinese paper lantern thingys on the way out.
For some, IKEA is a shoppers' paradise, a haven of Swedish designed goods. This furniture Mecca boasts hundreds of designed rooms sure to pleasure the fancy of any aesthetically inclined urban dweller. There's a style for every type of consumer and prices to match. Walk through the store and instantly you can imagine your life as a young professional, newlywed couple, growing family, or retired. Stop by the cafe and grab dinner. With a giant basemant gift store you can get lost in. 

To others, IKEA is the seventh layer of hell, Satan's throne room, and birthplace of Antichrist. Maneuvering this labyrinth is no task for the weary with a path only Indian Jones could fully map. To dissenters, "designed in Sweden" is a cruel joke; wrapped neatly inside cardboard is a mess of parts made in a factory packed within a smoggy Chinese industrial city. If you are able to make it through checkout before your dehydration kicks in, you'll be greeted by a scrambled loading zone. Complete that task and may God have mercy on your soul because when you get back to your abode and begin the process of unpacking your newly purchased Swedish furniture, you will hate yourself for ever setting out on the venture. 

IKEA is like Donald Trump, a good idea hidden behind cheap tricks, composite cardboard, and Elmer's glue. Put it together yourself and don't ask questions when it falls apart.
I, as another customer mentioned, waited around 45 minutes to make a return. The returns area, at least, is very depressing and dingy, and there was only one other person working, the other employee was talking to a friend the whole time. People were so aggravated and annoyed, but I found it a good opportunity to practice some mindfulness on a not-very-comfortable, and aesthetically blah sofa.

IKEA seems to be démodé right now, and I can't imagine wanting to shop there. Maybe 15 years ago, but it needs a reinvention.
My first encounter with IKEA was intense. It is an absolute madhouse, but entertaining nonetheless. Be prepared to get lost. I felt like I was in an eternal maze of home goods, lol. They have EVERYTHING you could possible need. They even had these damn euro pillowcases I could not find anywhere else. When I had asked an employee where they were, she told me without a problem. I feel like it's a place everyone has to go at least once.
Ugh.  I used to love Ikea.  However, the long lines and inexplicable inability to open up more than 2 cashier stations makes this place unbearable.  Last night the line (for the only 2 cashiers willing to provide check out!) wound so absurdly around the warehouse space that I decided to abandon my cart full of goods in favor of sleep.

Shopping at Ikea is already a time-consuming experience, and after meandering through dozens of staged rooms, I don't want to have to spend more time in line than I have to.
My typical trip to Ikea: Oh, I need a trashcan. I'll buy a cheap but functional one at Ikea. I arrive at Ikea. I find my trashcan. But now I can't find the exit. Somehow I end up upstairs. How can I get upstairs if there aren't stairs? Explain! Oh, there are stairs. Must've missed that part because of the intoxicating fluorescent glow. I black out. I wake up 3 hours later in the ball pit  with $600 worth of Malm Lrkens. 

Ikea is the Great Satan, but they receive a bonus star because I really like my new shower curtains.
My rating does not reflect my experience in the store, instead the rating is about how safe I felt visiting the store. I'm sure many visit without incident, but it's a risk. Please read on....

The IKEA store is great, however in my opinion, your vehicle is not safe in the parking lot. My vehicle was broken into in the parking, vehicle damaged, and items stolen from the vehicle.  I'm sharing this concern with others since the very same day, multiple vehicles were vandalized in the IKEA parking lot in broad daylight. I learned vehicles are vandalized in the IKEA parking lot too often to consider this location safe.  

I suggested hiring a third party security company to drive around and monitor the IKEA parking lot to improve safety for customers. It's a small price for a retailer to pay to improve parking lot safety for customers, especially in areas with this type of negative activity.

I will not go back to this particular IKEA store until such changes are implemented, due to the high risk my vehicles will be vandalized in the parking lot.

Best of luck if you park your vehicle in the lot to shop at this store.  It was an expensive visit if you factor the lost items and cost of repairs.
My husband and I LOVE a good excuse to go to Ikea.  It makes us feel like we're 10 again and going on a school field trip.   It's an all day event for us.  Ikea is a wonderland of consumerism.  

The store is HUGELY disorienting and has everything you could possibly desire for your home.  The clever and appealing displays are arranged so that shoppers feel as though they are in an intimate setting and don't realize what a massive maze the store actually is.  It is very easy to lose all sense of time and space and get lost in Ikea.   

Quite brilliantly, the store includes a super-cheap cafeteria with very tasty vittles (loooooove those swedish meatballs and ligonberry juice.)  You won't feel compelled to rush home when you get hungry because you can eat and keep on shopping.  The cafeteria has a great view of the huge ghost ship the USS United States and a cool little area for small children to eat that will keep them occupied while you savor your cheap eats. 

 What  I also love about Ikea is that sales people never harrass you.   Everything is serve yourself.  Sometimes when you need help, it's a bit tough to come by, but that's part of the trade-off for the inexpensive merch.  You do get what you pay for at Ikea.  We try to stick to furniture that is made from wood and not pressed-board.  We also avoid any furniture that has any kind of plastic fittings because they snap off.  But we've loved everything we've bought from them.  

I especially love Ikea's kitchen section because they have some unsual items that I had been searching for.   

If the employees weren't such butt-heads on the rare occasion that we needed help, I'd give them 5 stars, but the last time we went the albino at the Self Serve Help Desk was a whiny, lazy diva, so I'm only doling out 4.
Cheap and easy to assemble furniture. This is what makes IKEA so popular and rightfully so. The staff is pretty helpful, too. Around the area, you can find bags to carry knick knacks and small purchases in, paper and pencil to write down the item numbers of the big purchases, and measuring tape. 

Although the model rooms are big and you have to navigate through them all, there are some shortcuts you can look for to shorten your trip. All the sections are easy to find and located in one spot. If you have kids, they have a play area so they don't bog you down as you shop. 

The food is great and priced accordingly. If you just want to go there to eat, you can take the elevator to get to the exit quickly, so you don't have to go through the whole store just to get out. Near the exit they have frozen yogurt (popular, although I haven't tried them yet) and cheap hot dogs and fountain soda. The breakfast is cheap, but leave a lot to be desired. I don't really recommend the breakfast but I've only had it once. The lunch menu is a little better and tastier. I love their fries and their penne dishes. I highly recommend the apple glazed salmon. The quality may not be the best, but it's fine for me and quick. You probably won't like it if you're picky, but remember, you're eating at IKEA.
My advice to any Philadelphia IKEA-shopper, AVOID the weekends. The parking situation gives me a headache on thought alone. 

With these Swedish warehouses, we all know what to expect. If you're a couple that's fake-dreaming for the place you'll get together, IKEA is kinda sorta fun. Anyone else, you want in and out. This location is hardly an exception.

The staff here is usually too busy to help, and they're frequently out of stuff. Again, if you must, go on a weekday/night.
This is a fun place to go even if you weren't planning on buying anything. Just walk around and look at all the cool, neato stuff.  But you'll probably end up buying something. The current pillow I use is from Ikea. Its full of natural down and nice and soft. I recently was wandering around there and a really cool shelf jumped out at me( it was on sale too). It sat in the box for over a month until I actually put it together, but now my room is looking more hip than ever. Oh yea how can I forget the cafeteria!? It's not the best food, but where else can you look at/buy reasonably priced post modern type stuff to furnish your house, and then wash some swedish meatballs down with Lingonberry juice.

Its true what they say about this place being a maze, but I kinda like that aspect. You never know what cool thing your going to bump into that way.

Oh crap...forgot to mention those blue bags...buy em at the register. They are made out of tarp material or something. They are great for laundry, or basically whatever the hell you want, and they fold up real nice. And they cost .59 cents or some damn ridiculous price.
5 Stars for:

1. their frozen yogurt, best stuff EVER.
2. they sell a round bed... a ROUND BED
3. their kids stuff
4. their return policy
5. their discount room

1 Star for:

1. the chaos i create in their bedding section trying to find matching sheets.
2. they discontinue stuff too much
3. missing or damaged parts 
4. thier carts suck


so 3 Stars it is for this IKEA
I like this IKEA much better than the one in Elizabeth, NJ because:

- anytime I have gone, this place is never crowded

- the loading zone is so much easier to get into

- it's easy to sneak in the exit at the loading zone when it's closing time and the front doors are locked and you know you should have gotten here earlier but somehow didn't and if you come home without whatever you came for your wife is going to lose her effing mind, so this was really a saving grace once...

I think it may be smaller than the one in Elizabeth though... and I didn't see the round bed there either... =o/
yo i love ikea im not talkin about the furniture we all know what they have cheap furniture with wacky swedish names. Im talkin about the restaurant . i came here by myself for a week straight cause i was addicted to the friggen poached salmon. nothin like gettin your cafeteria style food tray start out with a little salad then poached salmon mixed veggies some mac and cheese if im feelin crazy some chicken noodle soup. Then you finish it all off with some lichtenberry. Plus the view is pretty badass your overlookin the deleware river and the huge ships, and its all for less than ten bucks. Yeah my friends all think im out of my mind but whatever. I even convinced my buddies to pregame there on a thursday night before we went out because they have a live jazz band, Who would of ever known, nothin like five drunk dudes at ikea for the jazz Its an experience that everyone needs to do just once
Yet another store I would like to add to my "much less ghetto than you would expect" list.  I went during the week for some odds and ends for my new house, and the store and parking lot weren't crowded at all.  Easy in, easy out, just perfect.  Customers weren't nearly as trashy as you would guess?  Can't figure this one out, but I'll take it.  For comparison's sake this Ikea makes the ones in the Bay Area look disgusting.
To make this quick. Ordered a patio set 17 july delivery was no call no show on 24th, over 2hrs on hold to get a rep, said they would reimburse delivery fee and reschedule 27. New delivery day part of the order was missing, another 1hr and 45min hold wait and a rep to tell me they would contact me about delivering the rest of the order. Now its aug 1st, no refund has been recieced, no clear expectation on delivery, and 1hr 26min on hold with no answer. DO NOT BUY FROM IKEA...you've been warned
Nice-looking and functional furniture. Clean design. Many things you did not even know you needed. Dining is OK. Customer service is OK (reminds of Europe: efficient but not friendly). 

Warning: do not use their delivery & assembly service (Urban Express) - I had a horrible experience. The furniture was supposed to arrive between 8am-noon, then by 2:30pm, then by 4pm, then by 7pm, and finally got here by 8pm. Lost a whole day waiting and talking to customer representatives on the phone.
While I despise putting together the furniture from Ikea, I do really like their designs, so time and time again I buy their stuff even though assembling it drives me to madness.

That being said, whenever I need a tchotchke for my house this it the first place I'll look. Cheap lamps, picture frames, mirrors, you name it. Their downstairs marketplace is where it's at! Though I admit I do spend too much money on junk, at least it's fun to do. 

I vastly prefer this one to the Conshohocken one. It's surprisingly usually less crowded. Also it honestly is more nicely laid out, and you can even see a rapidly rusting ship on the river from the cafeteria window. Food is alright, not gourmet but at least an experience. Their food market though has a lot of prepackaged interesting stuff. Those damn Swedes certainly know how to make pastries.

Time and time again I find myself here, and usually it's a pleasant experience. Just avoid the weekend crowds and you'll be golden. Sometimes I hate admitting I love Ikea.
It's an IKEA, it is what any IKEA is anywhere in the world. That's either creepy or comforting.

This review is specifically for my experience at returns yesterday. I had ordered shelves from the website, then decided I didn't like them, & that I wanted other shelves instead. I had no paper receipt, just an email on my phone. I was nervous.

Needlessly nervous, apparently. Easy peasy to return, & she made sure to indicate that I live in Philadelphia to be certain that I got ALL of my tax monies refunded to me as well. Walked away with a giftcard, easily found the shelves I wanted instead, paid with said giftcard, & was out the door quickly. That's my kind of shopping experience!
We first word that comes to mind when I think about Ikea is clusterf$#k. Every time I'm here I feel like a lost child whose mother needs to be paged on the intercom, as I inevitably venture off the prescribed path and get terribly lost. 
Another gripe-they seriously need to get more cashiers. I spent 45 agonizing minutes in line whilst buying my sister furniture for her new apartment.  Then, when it was finally our turn, we find out that the piece we plucked from the self-serve warehouse was a three piece set, of which we only retrieved one piece.  Back in line we go.
I guess Ikea is cool if you like Swedish meatballs (I don't) or are good with a screwdriver (I'm not). I'd recommend them for odds and ends like cheap colanders or wall art, but as far as furniture goes, it's not my first choice,
If you're looking for cheap/quick furniture, this is the place to go.  "On a rare occasion," they sell stuff that does last (ie, the computer desk I'm typing on this very second).  However, you're not going to buy furniture that you'll hand down to your kids and grandkids.  We just pieced together an entertainment center from IKEA a few months ago and it's already falling apart but... you get what you pay for.  If you have a few extra bucks and want something that'll last a hell of a lot longer, check out Crate and Barrell over at the Cherry Hill mall - really nice stuff.

In regards to the shopping experience, it's fun.  You walk through a ton of displays and see new products and by the time you get to the shopping area, you NEED everything.  What can I say, they know how to market.  I mean, of course I needed that cup-cake baking tray, it was only $2!  and I still haven't used it!

However, try speaking to one of the morons down there (sorry if I'm offending anyone that isn't a moron).  I swear to god, everyone there tries to be an asshole and granted, customer service is a hard job, but don't do it if you're gonna be pissy the whole time.  Try returning something - that's where the headache came in.  We lost the receipt to a few extra odd-end things we bought (curtain rods, rod ends, etc.).  So, when I went to the Returns & Exchanges section, I thanked the lord I didn't have a gun.  I told the guy we had no receipt but as you could see, everything is still in the box but we'd be happy with a store credit.  He said, "I'm sorry sir, you need a receipt or a copy of your bank statement."  Well, I paid in cash so that wasn't going to work.  I told him that I couldn't get either so his well thought-out and educated response was, "I'm sorry sir, you need a receipt or a copy of your bank statement."  I swear to god, my biggest pet peeve is the dumb-idiotic robot syndrome.  Conclusion:  went home and doctored up a fake bank statement with Microsoft Paint and Word, went back and showed it to him and he said, "Thank you sir, that's exactly what we needed."

Again, you get what you pay for.
It would've been nice for someone to have given me the head's up on here.

So, here's the head's up: Most of the first floor shopping area is currently under construction or something. The stuff I came here looking for was not to be found. They have a limited amount of merchandise usually to be found there out for sale.

Not sure how long this construction'll take. Better call first to inquire.

It would've saved me the trip had I known.
Every once in a blue moon we get the hankering to walk around Ikea and look at stuff we don't really need. I have been going to Ikea for a long time now and remembered the buzz when the first US store opened in King of Prussia. I am glad I don't have to hike it up there and the South Philly store is pretty convenient and close.

Ikea is a good time and I actually dig their food, guilty pleasure admitted. We were not too hungry as we just came from Kanella, so we just had some dessert and coffee in the cafeteria. As full as I was, I almost went for the meatballs and Loganberry sauce. I had this raspberry mascarpone cake treat that was pretty darn good. The Swedish apple pie was decent and the coffee was not great but not terrible either. Prices are reasonable in the cafeteria.

Ikea has lost some of its shine as Home Depot and Lowes offer some similar products in the same price range. I do think Ikea does a great job with their displays and room set-ups. I have always liked Ikea's concept and over the years I have become pretty efficient at assembling my families and friends furniture. My woodworking, Lego and origami skills have found a good fit. 

This store does seem to always have long lines at checkouts.  They could use a little help with that aspect. Also returns are usually a nightmare with a long wait. They need to do a better job with both of these aspects at this location.

Just under 4 stars.
In my opinion, I felt ashamed at myself for believing in IKEA, their business model and their customer support, but after following the strict (and as it turned out, incorrect) instructions on the do-it-yourself furnitures and unable to be refunded or get credit back, we felt incredibly wronged and will never come back to this place or any other IKEA until they have the opportunity to reflect on their practice patterns.

As a backdrop, my wife and I just moved to Philly and we decided to give Ikea a shot before buying more pricier, adult-oriented furniture in our little apartment in center city. At first, we signed up to IKEA, got a bunch of coupons, and were excited to furnish our new apartment with these amazing deals. However, we were wrong.

This Ikea was much more disorganized than the ones I've visited in the northeast, with missing inventory, disinterested (and often missing) staff and also poor communication between the store and the website. When we initially visited the store, the staff told us that one of the items was in back-order and told us to call over the weekend to confirm its restocking process and appropriate pickup date. We followed their instructions to the letter, but even after calling in the store and confirming its availability, we showed up on the appropriate date and found out our item was not in stock.

Our next grief arose when I built one of the bookshelves per their instructions, but based on the manual error, which I took images of, part of the visible shelf was facing the wrong direction. I took pictures of the shelf and the instruction manual and requested credit-back since it was almost impossible to bring the actual 8 foot bookshelf back to the store, but they rudely denied our claim and I felt incredibly humiliated as a customer.

At the end of the day, I will never come back to shop here. But on a good note, their salmon dishes were actually quite delicious and affordable, so if all else fails, I do recommend coming here and sampling their cooked salmon plate for less than $6, which is the only saving grace to this place.
As much as I can't stand getting consumed  by ikea, I have to say this is probably the best location I've been to. That being said, I've been to Locations in Brooklyn, Elizabeth, Long Island and Paramus. 
The few things I found special about this particular location is there was excessive staff waiting to assist, which we did not need and considering we were there on a Saturday it wasn't crazy busy.  We found the desk and the drawer unit we were looking for and that's the end of the excitement.
IKEA for me represents a series of highs and lows, which balance out to create this 3-star review.

Awesome:
The store smells like wood and cinnamon
The names of their products (especially the "fartful" desk)
Very inexpensive, modern furniture
No obnoxious salespeople
The cat play tunnels, possibly best investment I've ever made
Cheap eats, including Daim


Not so Awesome:
Assembling their furniture 
You truly get what you pay for, quality-wise (not much for not much)
Their parking lot is hell
Too many self-checkout lines combined with too many stupid people
Some of the glass cups are super flimsy
as a contractor i have installed many kitchens that my customers bought from here, they are low quality and do not last,they look good in the catalog and showroom floor but buyer beware ! the furniture is also pretty low in quality.
It would be more fun if it was adequately staffed.  The lines are ridiculous and by the time you get to the checkout, everyone is cranky.
Sometimes i wonder if Yelp inadvertently reregisters businesses because Ive checked in here at least 5x before. Regardless, this is IKEA and i am not sure a rating applies because IT IS WHAT IT IS. IKEA. 
Food used to be a 4 now a 2 or 3   Tables Only cleaned whenever. You usually have tp clean yours before eating. 
Long checkout lines make it a 3   Typical is today when cashier has to call someone and 20 people patiently waited or went to other lines after 10imins on the phone 
 But for fun and the fact I've finally found the short cuts to circumvent the maze here i give it a 4.
Honestly never buy anything here i have to put together anymore. But the glassware and lamps and other items make the visit worthwhile.
Wow, the customer service here has fallen apart. I had 4 employee interactions and 3 were terrible.  The first was with a person at customer service in the warehouse area. I asked him where their very common Ivar shelving was. He had never heard of it and pointed at a broken computer and said I could look it up myself (he wasn't doing anything).  I looked at all 3 computers and they were all broken. I pointed this out. He then copped an attitude and tried to look it up but couldn't. Another employee looked it up and brusquely told me the aisle. 

The employee directing people to specific cashiers had an attitude. 

My cashier was really nice. 

The employee at the food market walked past me standing at the register waiting to pay for some foist I wanted to buy. She looked at me, then looked away and would not make eye co tact with me as she left the area. She never said a word. I just left and didn't buy the food. 

I won't shop at this IKEA again. Last time I was here my service was fairly gruff and unfriendly, but this was horrible.  Get your act together IKEA...
Useless customer service. They delivered half of my order overall and even delivered half of my bed frame. I'm just sitting here with 3 of the 6 packages for my bed. Customer service is completely unhelpful with getting the issue solved. Unreachable for 3 months. When I finally get a response, they end up re-ordering the wrong thing. I'm now 4 months out...still without my order...and I can't reach anyone again. Embarrassing and incompetent levels of service. Don't EVER do online delivery with IKEA.
I have no beef with the IKEA concept. I shop at the store and have done so for years. I go there with my mom. But...

I had a very distressing incident occur during my most recent visit on November 5. While I was in the store, I was taking photographs as well as video clips of the store displays using my cell phone, for Google Maps. I am a "local guide" and do this for many stores in Philadelphia. I have noted that Ikea has many similar pictures online, and no posted policy that photography is not allowed.

Consider how many shots of this IKEA are here on Yelp...

Nevertheless, I was approached by security and told to put my camera way and stop taking pictures. I was told that this is because a customer complained.

I would like to note that I was careful not to include any customers in any of the imagery I captured.

now, I understand that a store has the right to ask somebody to simply stop taking pictures. That is not my complaint. 

I am upset that the security guard was not able to cite the policy that would form the foundation for the request that I stop doing something that it is readily apparent is permitted.

when I further requested clarification from the store manager, I was simply told that a customer didn't like that I was taking pictures.

That is simply not a good enough answer. I want to clear response as to what the policy is regarding photography inside the store. And explicitly I'd like to know what the policy is when there are no customers or Ikea associates in the images, since I understand and respect the right to privacy.

At this point I'm left feeling nervous that if I were to take a photograph inside an Ikea, a total stranger can request that management use security to stop me from doing so.

The whole thing is very unfortunate to, rather uncomfortable, and it's entirely unclear if it was in any way justified by any sort of policy.
A day off from work and I went to Ikea to look for items for my walking broom closet that my husband is going to build for me. I was so excited to look for items at Ikea but it's so confusing walking around the whole Warehouse trying to find everything I was walking in circles and was getting confused walking from the cashiers and start from the back and work my way up but this time I walked up the escalators and started upstairs and was so confused I wind up catching the elevator after walking around taking pictures of items lined up downstairs Broad umbrella for my table and the bass when in the clearance room which was a waste of time the stuff is overpriced and not much to look at. I'm really like a big kid when I go to Ikea and only thing I want is they soft serve ice cream cone and my husband likes the cinnamon buns so I got the ones that they making the bed because the chef said the ones that's in the six pack or from a company and I thought about it and said my husband won't eat 6 cinnamon buns and I don't like them so I just got him the one. Walking in the market area I noticed they had chicken meatballs and vegetable meatballs I said I was going to try them but I never tried them so or never heard of them so I wasn't tempted to get them. On June 21st they are having a all-you-can-eat of the food items they sell and I believe it's $12pp and less for children and some odd se has someone up in the food area having samples of the different items that they sell then that gives me a better chance to taste and also to buy. I did find some great ideas for my walk in bedroom closet. And I took pictures to show my husband so I can start gathering up some items for my closet. The one thing that I did like that they had a lot of people on the floor help in on every floor but I was just wandering around just trying to focus on my project. And this is why they just get a 2-star because of the confusion on the different floors while shopping.
Over the past decade I've been to Ikea stores in four different states. I know what to expect at this point. I willingly embrace the particle board furniture, maze-like store layouts, and trying to wrestle giant boxes of flat-packed furniture onto a cart. 

But until today, I didn't know a trip to Ikea could be this miserable. I realized I've taken the blue and yellow homogeneity of other stores for granted.

At 5:30 PM on a Wednesday, the South Philly Ikea felt strangely similar to a Wal*Mart at 2am. Their "marketplace" area is under construction, but that doesn't explain why the few marketplace items that were available were arranged in no discernible groups and strewn about like a small tornado had just come through. Many of the items in the self-service pickup area were unavailable - not because they were actually out of stock, but because no one had bothered to bring any down from the higher shelves. Pallet trucks blocked the aisles, but weren't actually being used. We were only able to find about 3/4 of the stuff we had planned to buy.

When we went to checkout we were informed that the line was closing and that we should get in another line. Except that there weren't any others open - just those infernal "15 items or less" self checkout machines - and we had two carts piled full of unwieldy furniture. Apparently it was time for the cashier's legally mandated break. Why no one had planned for this eventuality is beyond me, but after standing around for 10 minutes they managed to find someone else to open a register rather than funnel everyone in the store through the self check-out area. 

On a positive note, the gentleman who did ring us up was quick and friendly, and scheduling delivery was pretty painless.  But overall this is the most depressing Ikea I've ever been to, and I'm sticking to the one out in Consohocken from now on.
I used to love this place :( customer service and attitude has went down the shitter. So ghetto now
I love Ikea. For the furniture, and the food.

I've furnished my whole house with Ikea stuff. The trick is to NOT buy the cheap stuff because you get what you pay for. The cheap stuff will eventually come unhinged or become uneven. Drawers will become slanted, kitchen chairs will start to fall apart. But the more expensive stuff really does hold up. I guess because they make it out of *real* wood. I also got a sectional from Ikea because I like the idea of being able to change the slip cover if I want to change my decor. It's also nice because my cat's a spiteful vomiter, so I'll need to take the slip cover to get cleaned at some point.

Anyway, as for the Ikea food...you can't go wrong. I've had the .50 cent hot dogs. They're A-OK. I've had the meatballs, chicken fingers, french fries, and macaroni and cheese. It's all GOOD! And cheap. Seriously, sometimes I go here just to eat. There's no shame in it!!

If you're going to come here, be prepared to spend more than you planned. There are so many cool things you can't leave without picking up something you don't really need. Also, plan to spend a whole day. Or half day, maybe. Leave time to see everything.
Returns here are always a nightmare. Expect 30-35 minutes plus for any issue. On multiple occasions only 2 or 3 of the 5 available customer service registers are ever occupied.
Typical Ikea except no express or self check out.  If you are coming for one or two things budget your time accordingly.  Usually not worth it
Meh. It's an average ikea. Displays and sells ikea stuff. But Smaland is a pain. This is only 3rd time we've tried to use it, and the other two times were in the Winter and store was understandably mobbed. There were waits but we got in.  Today, store is not so crazy. But, they are only allowing 6 children at a time into Smaland. We were initially told 25 minutes, but it is first-come-first-serve, so when we came back 20 minutes later, they said 45 minutes. Why they can't do a buzzer or overhead system, or just hire more damn staff so that all kids who want to can just play already! What a pain and a letdown for my kid who really wanted to play in the ball pit. Well, I'm getting my free cup of Ikea Family member coffee and not buying a thing from them today!
Breakfast for .99 cents. I love Sweden.


You can get a side table for $15, a couch for $200 and a bed for $109.

The catch? You'll be forced into a warehouse setting at the end of your model-home journey to navigate your way with codes and numbers to the boxes that hold what you want. Then you will pull out your back and come close to a divorce as you try and host the flat-packed goods into your cart. Then your kids will tug on you for a hot dog and cinnabon as the smell is forced through the vents during your whole journey.

When you get home you'll end up in a room, with 20+ pieces of wood around you like a moat; piles of different nuts, bolts and screws; and a 'instruction' guide that is so universal the fate of your finished product lies in the hands of a stick figure trying to show you what to do in a pictorial diagram reminiscent of kindergarten.

HINT: If the stick figure has a lighting bolt over his head, this means he is frustrated and you should probably just sack the whole project and go to BoConcepts. Your IKEA furniture will only last about a year anyway.
Our family enjoyed purchasing several chest of drawers for the bedroom and baby items here. The showroom is clean and the staff is friendly.

It was easy and free to park.
*This review is based off of 1 bad experience*

So basically I came to this Ikea earlier in the day to walk around and get ideas. I found a super cute table and chairs for my balcony reasonably priced. I didn't have my car with me so I came back later that day to get them and when I went to the aisle there were none in stock in the boxes below. BUT they had 5 on display (see picture) and 1 on display in the showroom (see picture). Soooo I went to ask someone at the information desk if we can grab it off the display and she told me no because it isn't in stock. Which I don't understand. Because 1. It is in stock. Y'all are just placing them around on display and 2. Me, a customer, is willing to buy it and you're turning down the sale???? Ok. Makes ZERO sense. I literally said I wasn't leaving without it and she said she COULD NOT sell me it. I went back over to the tables and another employee walked by so I asked him why was I being told I couldn't purchase the tables and he was able to make it happen for me. And I got $10 off. So yes I am happy I was able to get the table and chairs & get a discount and they look great on my balcony (see attached photo) but I'm very disappointed that one of their employees was refusing to sell something to me.
I ordered online.  They charged my credit card and then never sent me an email confirmation nor did I receive the product I ordered.  I tried to call their customer support but just sat on hold without anyone ever picking up the line.  I tried the "track your order" form on their website and they never responded to it.  Now I have to contest the charge with my credit card company.

I thought this was supposed to be a major company but I feel like I got scammed
Oh wait, I can't give this place 20 stars?  I would move into IKEA.  What else could you ask for? There's food! There's daycare! There's adorably designed little show rooms!  There's things for your kitchen! And everything is dollar and named Sveltka!

I've had guys flat out refuse to come here with me because it's going to be at least a 3 hour trip.
White people LOVE IKEA.  I guess since I'm not really white, I'm only kinda like it.  

I can tell you one thing.  Walking around the showrooms makes me WANT TO STAB EVERYONE REPEATEDLY.  

I'm just trying to get the hell out and the signs sending me all over the place and looping me over myself are just not helping me do it.

I wound up not getting everything i set out to get because I felt as if I couldn't move freely.

I do have hang ups though.
I heart IKEA! I will mecca down here from Allentown about once every 3 months or so - especially if I see an advertised sale. Word to the wise - do not buy the beds - your sheets won't fit. Otherwise they offer style at a steel, and you can get a sweet pad for cheap. If you have a few more bucks to spend, you sure can spend them here as well as they offer a full price range of items. Be sure to check out the basement where they have smaller housewares and some fabulous finds. I wouldn't go on Saturday, but early Sunday this past weekend was fine.
If you are into saving a few bucks and putting furniture together yourself then you found the perfect place.  All the packages are easy to assemble and I have yet to miss a screw or have a missing board.

The store offers a kid care area which is great.   

The store is designed as a maze which works out good because you don't "miss" anything.  You see how different rooms are set up in case you have a smaller apartment or home.   It also gives you decorating ideas for the smaller items like frames, lamps and vases.

The quality of the furniture has definitely improved over the last 20 years.  I can build a bookcase without worrying about it breaking from the weight of my items.

They have a nice hot food area which is reasonably priced and always crowded for good reason.

If you don't have a big car and you want items delivered the delivery fee varies but is reasonable.

There is also a small food place on the way out with ice cream and hotdogs.

I wish I could give this place a 4 star but my few negative items are :
~ parking -  You have to leave your merchandise by the front door since the carts don't go more then 5 feet past the building.    Which wouldn't be a big deal if you a) had a second person with you and b) didn't have to wait for a space to open during peak periods.
~ cashiers - NEVER NEVER NEVER seem to have enough people at check or at the return desk.  The return desk is so long that they installed the number ticket system.    The regular cashier lines are so long that it helps you practice patience.  Just remember how much fun it will be putting the furniture together and how much patience you are learning.

Will I be back?  Yes   .. I do like the quality of the products and the prices.
I like the IKEA. I really do. But DECIDE what time you're closing the restaurant and STICK WITH IT.  

What a pain in the butt that I'm trying to juggle getting the kids INTO Smalland, and get all the crap I need hoisted into my cart, and you tell me what time you're closing the restaurant, but you're really full of crap, and now  I'm ready to eat, and you're hollering "CLOSED" at me, as if my hearing aid ain't working, and can't you just GIVE me a pan of that mac and cheese and I'll eat in in the car on the way home? 

No?

Damn you to hell, now I'm going to Tony Luke's and you can stick this flakeboard shelf into your "Mimsa Stucklen" for all I care!
It's your standard Ikea, but just messier and not as well kept as the other Ikeas that I've been to...could be because it's in the city.

Self check out lines are convenient. 

Parking - huge lot
I have to say, that a concept that intrigued millions of us into simplicity and modernism, has just shot us in the face. Self-checkout ONLY--which is really fine with me, I just don't like thinking of the idea that machines are replacing humans--especially ones who need it like students and less educated who maybe can only get a cashier job....i.e. the bulk of society.....? They have switched to no free plastic bags for your purchases---you can buy a reusable one for 59cents, or there is a bin at the front with used plastic.... I don't know---I like customer service, especially somewhere that is so large. What if a price happens to be wrong, or whatever? It's not like you can run to isle 7, you know? The "non-cashiers?" who were helping the hordes of customers trying to self-check-out seemed very, VERY annoyed at the system.... but at least they still had a job there. Honestly, I'd rather have the whole place online, and pay shipping charges if need be. But, that's not possible. I haven't looked at profit reports online, but I feel a slow death coming on for IKEA----and a sad one: I do love it so.....


Hopefully, I can post a more positive update in the future....
I know what I'm going to get at IKEA. I know what I'll accept and what I won't consider buying. If I need some home accessories without breaking the bank, this is reliable.

This location has plenty of parking, though the Chick-Fil-A at the entrance can make it hard to enter/leave. (I don't get it.) There are EV charging stations if you need that; sometimes I do. 

I've had to make returns a few times, and this location is markedly better than others. There's a check-in process where you can get browse the store and get a text when it's your turn (though last time they ignored that list and first helped people who got in line while I was checking in at the kiosk). I've never had to wait too long. 

Plus, $1 froyo at the end of the maze of showrooms!
I love ikea. Even if I don't need anything from this store its fun wandering around this store. Oddly, I'd come here only to eat...it's so funny really enjoying the food at a furniture store.

**Funny story, I'm redecorating my place so I want basic inexpensive furniture and I went to Ikea to buy some things an hour before closing time. I opted to grab some fries and chicken tenders but they didn't have a togo bag, so the person put the plate of food in front of me anyway. soooo I took it and I sat down and ate.lol I ate all the fries but I wrapped up the chicken tenders in napkins and put them in my purse.haha

Soo after my snack I journeyed into the store to find an entertainment center (of which I created using various items from Ikea), a table (got a bar table of which I need to find bar stools now) and a new bedding cover (I purchased a nice simple black one). 

I had to make two trips to Ikea to purchase everything but all in all I'm satisfied with my purchase. One of the store employees were really nice too, he helped me put this huge box in my car. I couldn't make sharp turns on my way home.lol! (sardine can mode)

My only negatives I have with Ikea is a lot of the furniture doesn't maintain its integrity if unassembled and resembled. The instructions annoy me (just b/c they do), my cart is always wobbly, I always get lost in the store. The expensive dresser I bought three years ago is crumbling.

Other than that, Ikea serves its purpose and I'll always be a fan.
Every time I walk into this store I feel like a million bucks. Now if only that could translate into my bank account so I can buy everything I want. 

There never seems to be enough staff or check-out lines open, similar to the Walmart down the road. There's nothing spectacular about this place. All IKEA's look the same. 

Out of habit any time I go to IKEA, I get the dollar Vanilla Ice Cream Cone they make. Don't know why, I can't resist.
The food tastes pretty good, but IKEA makes quite clear how much they value their customers' time by doing things like this.  Not cool, ikea management, not cool at all.
I don't like the "consumer as worker" model that stores like IKEA have. I have to find the stuff in their warehouse, carry it to my car itself, and then assemble it at home. I can't find an employee and I usually have to check myself out. It's irritating.

But I do love the stuff they have--confusing as it is to find anything in the maze of a store--the design aesthetic is sweet. A lot of furniture in our house is from IKEA and its lovely. (Certainly not durable or intuitive to assemble though.)

I also have a disdain to all of the waterfront big box stores in Philadelphia. I hate that Walmart, Target, IKEA, Home Depot, and some strip clubs are how our waterfront is developed. If Baltimore can do it, why can't Philly?
My sister told me that Ikea got in trouble for serving horse meat in their meatballs that I've eaten several times before! But even as she said that I drooled because I was starving! I felt better seeing a sign saying they only use beef and pork in their meat (I guess they have to so people still eat it).

Anyway, my review is mostly just for the food court. The guy was reserving me meatballs the previous customer cancelled all while muttering "I ain't gonna waste this". I didn't say anything because it's not like it was just sitting there. He just rolled it onto a new dish for me so it was messy and not tasty looking.

The cashiers are even worse. No smile, no eye contact, and rude.

Their warehouse is also a danger zone, they have open boxes everywhere.
IKEA is an experience more than a store. Sure, they are world-renown for their low cost, flat box furniture and items. But, the magic happens as soon as you walk in the door. Two words: SmalLand. Okay, sort of one word, but it's an amazing place that is a play area for little kids so parents can kinda shop in peace. Basically, IKEA is part day-care service. Ascend the escalator to find a full service food court with full meals that cost $0.99.  WHAT?  Take that Super Value Menu.  Granted, I wouldn't want to eat the food (I think), but it's definitely amazing.  

Then, get lost on its two floors of furniture and home goods.  Check out their website for the 9 million or so items they carry.  Honestly, I bought a few items from them, and they're remarkably sturdy and definitely maximize use.  In fact, the $5 can opener is the best one I've ever used. It's fantastic.  

The hardest part about IKEA is the self-serve items area. It's requires plenty of hard work and planning to 1) acquire larger items, and 2) get them paid for/to your house.  Not to mention, there is a clear system to find the items, but it's not always a breeze. 

Finally, you've checked out! You bought your home goods, and you're ready to go!  Hold on...is that a mini-market and snack bar?  YES. Get the $1 soft serve. It's unbelievably good. Or, pick up some gooseberry or lingonberry jam.  How about some frozen Swedish meatballs to take home as a reminder of our Scandinavian furniture overlords? Their chocolate is also very good.  

So you think you're done with IKEA once you get out the doors. Not so fast. If you need to return something or pick up some extra parts that might not have been included in your packaging, the customer service area is efficient and incredibly helpful.  

So why three stars?  The items need to be slightly better quality for me to be happy, and it's a little too austere in terms of their designs. Lastly, I've seen so many of their items in people's places it reduces the real creativity or unique qualities homes should have.  

The bottom line: Go to IKEA.  Get some soft serve. Walk around and admire all the items they've managed to fit in a single place. Pick up some jam or a can opener. Experience the thoughtfulness that is IKEA.
Ikea helped us out so much considering we just moved to Philly and wanted to get all new furniture. The prices were awesome...and the employees were helpful (except the lack of). . We waited for a considerable amount of time just to get some help.....! For almost 2 G's i think you could say we are good to go.....but honestly...its a real pain in the a$$. I really want to try those swedish meatballs.
We bought most of our upstairs furniture from here at a great price.  They even have delivery across the river to South Jersey for a reasonable price.  Quality is not exceptional, but it is good for the price and good enough for 4 stars.
Fairly well organized, as is to be expected. Staff if super helpful, but of 21 checkout lines, they seemingly never have more than 3 or 4 open; even when the line is 10-15 customers deep. It's never worth spending more time in line than you did shopping.
flat pack furniture, affordability, and weirdo names--everything i need in our disposable world to furnish my little rented abode!

awesome, actually.
Being an ex-IKEA employee, I can vouch for how good this company is to the employees and people they deal with (suppliers) they simply are top notch. 
The hotdogs are salty but they pull off a good cheesesteak its all about cheap eats at IKEA . Thanks for teaching me how to make those cinnamon buns and the frozen yogurt!!!
The furniture is not as durable and the assembly is one of the reasons its cheap. 
Swedish meatballs and swedish chocolate is good. 
I know a lot of local businesses flopped after these giants at Delaware Ave. popped up but they do give employment to the little people of the area. 
Cheers Ikea !!!! say hi to Mr. Lock for me!!!!
IKEA. I AM IN LOVE.

Aside from the concession stand and restaurant in the store being amazing, the items are affordable and cute. I look for every excuse to go here: "Wha? I broke my spatula? TIME FOR A TRIP TO IKEA!". 

I am moving in 3 weeks and have bought most of what I need here...from a potato peeler to my draperies. This is also the only store I can convince my boyfriend and roommate to go to...but I think its just because they love to pass out on the recliners.

OH and side note: my bf and roomie actually bought a coffee table from here 2 years ago for $50....it has been beaten mercilessly by all the parties and spilling of food and it still stands and looks great! Thanks IKEA for a cheap, sturdy table!
For a department store in Philadelphia, IKEA does a very good job at being organized, well stocked, clean, and generally well-run. With a day care center on the first floor, the screaming-kids-running-all-over-the-store ratio is pretty low. The food upstairs is pretty good (I recommend the mac 'n cheese). I wish there were more salespeople, since all of them seem to be occupied all of the time, and finding things in the Marketplace can be difficult. They also close kind of early (7 on Sundays) - all of the other stores in the shopping plaza are open until 9, so it seems weird that IKEA isn't open until then, too. By the registers, there is a section where you can buy returns or exchanges for real cheap - I'm not saying I'd buy a couch there or anything, but you could find glasses or plates for next to nothing. The return/exchanges policy is pretty strict, so make sure you're positive about what you're buying.
I had the worst experience at this store. At first I was really stoked, having found a good deal on a couch. But, when it came time for delivery everything went horribly, horribly wrong. Not only was the line for delivery horrible, the worker was slow and incompetent. He gave me tragically wrong information. I told him I needed a Monday evening delivery. He said he couldn't do that, but that the delivery company would give me the time I needed when they called on Sunday. This was false. The delivery company, when they finally called Sunday night, stated that they do not provide any flexibility on time. When I told them the time they gave me was one I had no hope of making, they had no sympathy and told me to call IKEA to reschedule. By this point, IKEA was closed. By the time I gave up on trying to get a person at IKEA, I was unable to get anyone at the delivery company, even though they were still open. I called first thing in the morning, and they said that they would alert dispatch. They apparently did not. They marked the delivery as me not being home, despite my repeated warnings to them. IKEA insisted I physically go there to reschedule. When I got  there, and after dealing with them for an hour, they then tell me I need to pay a second delivery fee. I refused, and returned the couch. They refused to refund the delivery fee. It was a terrible, upsetting situation. I will never set foot in any IKEA again.
This is the worst Ikea i've ever dealt with. I ordered furniture for delivery August 20th, they called the day before it was supposed to arrive and delayed me two weeks, which was frustrating not only because i've already paid for this on time delivery but now I have absolutely no furniture in my apartment. Two weeks goes by, and I get yet ANOTHER call, my furniture will be delayed until September 13th. I'm beyond pissed at this point,  but there is nothing I can do. Today I get a call (September 12th) that the "trailer" is "broken" and now my furniture will be delivered this Sunday instead. I have no furniture in my apartment, spent over 1,000 dollars just to be sitting here waiting on their time. Im BEYOND disgusted with the customer service here and I will never be using ikea unless it's in store pick up ever again. Ikea should be absolutely ashamed of themselves. This isn't food delivery i'm waiting for a BED
IKEA is wonderful. Their products, food and employees services are the best.

Their delivery service leaves a something to be desired. I decided to try it out and the guy input my contact number wrong. As a result, they're charging me an extra $59..

I know it's not much but it's pretty annoying that I'm getting charged for an employee's mistake.

Double and triple check your information on deliveries BEFORE you leave the store. It's their policy that once you leave the store, it's your job to do the diligence work.

**Update**
After several calls I was advised to go on site to move forward in any way. Mainly to repay the delivery cost. Once I got there, I explained my situation and about 40 min. later they were able to set up a redelivery for me at no extra cost.
You probably won't get that. I think I was the calmest person in a room full of other customers that were yelling/being extremely frustrated.

They still should add a process in their delivery to clearly re-verify contact information before you leave. But apart from that, they just moved up to 5 stars in my book
Would you believe that this is one of the better places to eat in this area? Just kidding, I've never eaten here but apparently a lot of other people reviewing this IKEA do,  so maybe it's worth coming here just for the food?

Apart from the forever confusing store layout, and the wild swings in prices from low tier quality to anything of actual quality- IKEA solves a huge problem that everybody has had for years: where to get cheap furniture that still looks like you care about how your room/apt etc look.

The other surprising thing about their stuff is that it retains resale value, but only if it cost more than 100 bucks to begin with. I did buy a couch here once for 150 bucks which I ended up selling for 165 on craigslist. I wasn't sure whether that was a craisglist fluke or IKEA fluke. Anyway, if you keep your mid-range ikea junk in shape, then you might come out ahead when you try to sell.

Employees also work here, but they like to play hide-and-seek like 90% of the day and are amazing at it. And they should be, with all the practice they get. Some of they like to hide by the registers, but I guess because it's close to the exit. That's usually where I find them.
Wander here many times usually after lunch around the area (good for digestion & burning calories). I have only eaten at their cafeteria twice in the past, their swedish meatballs were delicious and inexpensive. For $4.99 you get 15 meatballs? They also have quick service on the main floor where they sell hot dogs, pretzels, and ice cream. 

Nice showroom, pleasant to look at or rest if you get food coma like me. For their price, you shouldn't have any high expectations. You get what you pay for. Despite their quality, their showroom offers many creative ideas on interior decorations for your home. In short, a perfect cure for food coma ha It's like a big playroom for adults :)
Every once in awhile I'll get the itch to go to Ikea especially since we started doing a bunch of projects are our house. I have always loved the displays rooms they have set up and it can definitely provide ideas on what you would like or how to incorporate certain things into a particular room. 

The store is a pretty decent size so you always have to give yourself some time when coming here. The plus side they have almost everything you need for a house and prices are pretty decent. The only down size especially with smaller items is if you see it in the display room, you may have to look for it throughout the store. Bigger items they have aisle & bin associated with them so you can pick it up before you check out.

They do have a clearance section which some of their display items will go there or things with minor scratches, I would say make sure to check this out. Especially if you're a DIYer, you might have some good finds. 

Also, did I mention that their food is actually pretty good?! And they have a child play area as well.
