For starts: THAT FRENCH TOAST IS BANGING! 
Now back to the review:

Came here for brunch: when you walk in it is fairly small (renovated row home). You have the option to eat in that same area where there are bar stools at the windows. We opted to take our food upstairs. Please note: they will give your food in these to-go plastic containers (which I like) but if you have to carry 3-4 of them up a winding staircase with drinks can be a tab bit problematic and don't add they fact you have children with you, be prepared to call 911. I LOVE the staircase, just be careful. Ended up putting food in a bag for my safety. We ate upstairs and pretty much had the area to ourselves. The upstairs also has a conference area. 

The food: YUM! Our party had pancakes, French toast, breakfast potatoes,and eggs.  Seriously, the french toast was delicious.. didn't even need syrup. As far as pricing, they charge for everything separately so it adds up. 

Customer service was fine..North Philly nice.. I'm sorry Brewerytown nice.. "Can you get up and make me a double hazelnut latee". Other employee puts down cell phone and sighs "Ugghhh".. lol Its all good because that latte was tasty, so homegirl I will see you next week!
Yup that hit the spot! Traditional African American, American and Gentrification Cuisine. You can get a handmade pan fried salmon cake, hot cakes or a smoothie, something for everyone. iMunch is nestled between a neighborhood where generations of same families struggled to achieve the dream and those who decided the area is 'trendy' aka GENTRIFIERS. On this INAUGURAL YEAR OF THE FEDERAL HOLIDAY....JUNETEENTH I started my day BLACK OWNED! Good start!

I called to make sure I was able to dine-in. The person answering was pleasant so off to PHILLY I go! Although parking can be challenging one loop around I was able to park in front of the restaurant. Everyone was friendly, the place is very clean, my order was taken and delivered timely. There is outdoor seating which I opted for. If you can climb the spiral stairs there is indoor seating. 

The salmon cake was a nice sized filled with diced onions, peppers and pan fried. It was served with Sriracha sauce that took it to the next level. The grits are smooth and the hot cakes fluffy. Yes I went ALL IN! 

It's a drive but on weekends I can treat myself.
My neighborhood stop shop. I live on the block where iMunch sits and frequently go there. I'll say this: 

1) For a spot off the beaten path for most, iMunch serves up some great food. I get the salmon patty in a wrap with avocado and chipotle mayo when I'm hankering for something filling. Salmon patty is always crisp on the outside, and this place stocks fresh ingredients all the time.  I love it!

2) Berry banana smoothie - my favorite on a lighter day. YUM. For a tiny place like this, they stock soy AND almond milk. 

3) French toast. OH the banana nut french toast has bananas and candied walnuts on top. Fantastic for my rough Sunday mornings. 

My *only ONLY* issue is it takes a while to get your order because they make everything to order. This means calling ahead and waiting 20 minutes on the regular before walking one block.
I was close by getting a tire fixed and came here here looking for brunch options and a place I can get some studying done. I am happy for my google search because I truly found a treasure!

The menu had a great mix of brunch options. I'm vegetarian, so I am usually limited to a limited number of options, however, I was very excited with the options here. I ordered the veggie omelette and it was amazing. I also got an shortstack of hot cakes because I wanted something sweet. Both were excellent. 

The upstairs has amble outlets to support electronic devices and lots of natural sunlight. I will definitely be visiting again.
I went there on the first day they had the full menu available. Sandwiches, a wide variety of pastries, soups: it's pretty straightforward cafe fare at a good price and high quality. I thought the latte I had was every bit as good as ones I've had in Center City and Manayunk. I gather that the breads and some (if not all) pastries are by Le Bus. They use Illy beans and have a nice selection of non-coffee drinks (Fizzy Lizzy sodas, etc.)

There's a surprising amount of seating for a relatively small storefront, and things are designed such that it's filled with natural light despite having no south-facing windows. I can see it feeling a little tight when all the tables are occupied, but that's a pretty minor complaint.

All in all, it's a very nice addition to an emerging neighborhood.
Hands down, one of my favorite local spots! Organic with vegan options and extreme flavor! The service is always warm and friendly with the utmost professionalism. 

If you are a plant-based, organic individual, this spot is for you! They serve breakfast and lunch, only as there hours are from 7-3pm during COVID. Usually, their hours are 7-5pm. 

My to-go-to selections are ANY of the non-dairy smoothies, the Greek salad, the veggie wrap featuring sweet potato purée and spinach, the ALT (avocado, lettuce, and tomato), the fresh blueberry pancakes, French toast, and hand-cut home fries.
I had a wonderful time here. Attended a meeting in their private room. Place was clean and beautiful. My latte was great. Mango smoothie was good and my Turkey BLT was great. I enjoyed all of my food.

Today, I returned for a regular coffee and ordered a Turkey BLT. All is swell. I shall return. I'd highly recommend this new local business. Nice space and great food.
My favorite cafe. Every time I visit Philly, I visit! It is so good  I love the French toast and all the breakfast items. The Greek salad was also delicious and very filling. Most of the foods can be shared because they serve large portions. My only complaint is that to be small business, it is quite pricey for Philly standards.
Awesome food! I got the imunch omelet and it is delicious. Well made. Potatoes are great with the onions and peppers. Chai latte is made with vanilla and cinnamon added and it makes it delicious. A place worth going.
Hidden Gem! My bf lives pretty close to IMunch and while he likes to sleep late and eat late, I love a good breakfast. I popped into this little spot on a rainy Sunday morning and I was extremely pleased. The small cafe had soft R&B music playing with a very straightforward menu for breakfast and lunch. The staff were very friendly for a 9am open time. I ordered the turkey bacon, egg and cheese on multigrain bread with a side of grits and a medium hot coffee. The sandwich and grits was perfection. Eggs cooked well, cheese was gooey and the bacon had just enough cripsyness to it. It was so yummy and the grits set it off. I don't even have pictures because I ate it that fast! I will definitely return for breakfast and I'm dying to try lunch!
More than you Le average cafe. Imunch in my opinion is somewhat of a hidden gem. Located in The newly developed Brewerytown area, Imunch is a coffee shop with a really nice conference room and dining room upstairs. Their menu provides breakfast and lunch options with a some of the best sandwiches you can find in Philly..it's like a little know secret ready to be told. It's not too far from the zoo and in an area that is being developed so I see them being very successful once people catch wind of what they have going on.

Salmon cake sandwich is delicious.
Avacado, lettuce and tomato ALT..and their black bean burger wrap/sandwich is ridiculous.. Everything made to order and fresh everyday..they serve your breakfast favorite but it's a step above diner food..it's more like brunch at a too notch hotel but without the Mamosa. 
Worth every penny every time and you won't get bored with the menu. Clean environment and the seating area upstairs is pretty comfortable and cozy..i'd checks it out!
It's a neighborhood breakfast joint with no frills. They bring in their bagels from from somewhere else, and they aren't very good. Maybe I'm just not a egg bagel sandwich type of guy, but wasn't a fan. By the time I opened it from the wrapping 5 minutes after I got it, it was soft and chewy when I asked for it toasted. 

Regardless, if I need something quick, it's a decent place to go. My favorite thing to grab here is actually a side of lox for when I don't have any at home and I'm making my own breakfast. It's $5 and they give a decent amount.
Recently moved across the street, so I stopped by iMunch for breakfast last week and it was AMAZING. I had the salmon croquettes with scrambled eggs and potatoes. Everything was fresh and seasoned perfectly. Vibe is very relaxing and chill and the menu is really expansive. I would say that the service could be a little friendlier -- cashier seemed a little off putting and I also wish that they were open later. Otherwise, great spot and really convenient for the area.
This hidden gem is fabulous. Best French toast I've had in a while. If you have some extra change to spare, I would get one of their delicious smoothies too. This place is byob, self serve and the counter service isn't amazing but the food is wonderful and you will treasure every bite. Also the prices are great (I.e French toast meal $7).
iMunch is a good, local breakfast spot.
Turkey bacon, egg, and cheese on a croissant was good. Sort of flattened and oily though. I was surprised that they don't have normal bacon (just turkey and beef bacon).
The mango strawberry smooth was okay. Something was sort of off about it. The pineapple juice may have overpowered the mango (as I didn't taste any).
Clean restaurant with ample seating upstairs. Friendly service.
I would return if I lived in the area, but wouldn't go out of my way.
Tried the chicken wrap. It was very good & fresh. They use delivery.com which is somewhat expensive but enjoyed the wrap overall. Def will order again.
My favorite place to eat ..soft r&b music,comfortable and warming vibes,great food and low prices and it has a conference room and clean bathrooms..I love the cooks and the people up front #Imunch
We live nearby and love coming here for food, coffee and smoothies! All of which are very delicious! The service can be a bit slow at times, but other than that it is a great spot! I would recommend it to others!
Got a smoothie and a cookie here (healthy combo, right?). 

Anyway, this cafe is right on the corner, across the street from a supermarket. It's a small spot, with a few window-stool seats, and an upstairs dining area. 

The smoothie itself was good, fresh, and comes in 3 different sizes. 16, 20, and 24 oz. 

Beware though, that there is a $10 minimum on credit cards if you are just wanting something small! I wouldn't have gotten the cookie otherwise.
Glad to see a healthy option open up in the neighborhood (I love you, Lincoln Fried Chicken, but I can't eat you every day). 

You can find me here this summer ordering the TBLAT (turkey, bacon, lettuce, avocado, and tomato) or the Greek salad on nights where I sure as hell won't be turning my oven on.
Needed a cold beverage on the hot day. Was alright, ambience seemed a bit strange, menu didn't match with the R and b music vibe which was little incongruent with the decorations downstairs (kind of reminded me of subway, however I didn't see upstairs so maybe things went together a little better upstairs.)
Not much in the way of outdoor seating, I think was only 1 table. 

The berry smoothie I got was VERY sweet but alright. I think I can make better at home. 

The cashier was a little rude (I understand you might be busy but you can still be polite) 

Probably wouldn't come back.
Amazing food, and halal too! Had the Turkey BLT and a Pomegranate Berry smoothy, it was delicious. Worst part was I'm still full from all the Thanksgiving food I had yesterday so I couldn't stuff my face as much as I'd like.
I love going here for breakfast take out with my wife. Fantastic omelettes with fresh ingredients, good coffee, and a nice vibe. My only issue is that it can be a slow wait for food. It's worth it but sometimes the wait is long and you may be rushed to get in and out.
I came in around 11am to grab breakfast. I ordered a bagel with egg and cheese but they ran out of bagels, so I opted for a croissant. The breakfast sandwich was pretty good, but it's a simple sandwich you can't mess up. I also ordered a strawberry mango smoothie. I was excited to try it but they added in 6 scoops of vanilla ice cream to it... They should change the label from smoothie to milkshake because it's deceiving especially when people think they're getting a healthy drink
They didn't have a peanut butter smoothie on the menu but the woman who was working there was kind enough to offer to make me one.  They didn't have real peanut butter though so she had to use the syrup adding most likely not a lot of protein and surely a lot of unwanted calories. If any manager is reading this please consider offering peanut butter smoothies made with real peanut butter.  It is a really popular item and I am sure that you will sell a lot of them. I believe that there is an upstairs dining area but I have never made my way up.  The staff has always been helpful and friendly.
Excited for this place to open! Will feedback when the doors are open!
The only reasons is placed didn't get 5 stars with because they did not have bike racks I am a Philly cyclist and had a hard time finding somewhere to store my bicycle my lady and I came here for breakfast and the food was delicious you have to try the salmon cakes
Nice spot that I frequent while working in the area. The cafe itself its anything too great, atmosphere wise, so the first time I came in I didn't expect much, but the lattes/coffee is pretty good! I've also tried some of their omelets which are great too. Overall good spot that keeps me coming back.
I moved to Brewerytown a few months ago and had been meaning to stop by to check this place out since there aren't many coffee shops in the area. I walked my dog over and was promptly told dogs weren't allowed unless they are service animals, which I totally understand and respect. I asked if I'd be able to order something to go and i was told yes. I was trying to quickly read the menu quickly because they were doing me a favor and I didn't want to over impose any more than I already was, when gentleman I was conversing with offered to step outside with my dog to provide me time to order and pay without rushing. I can't tell you how touched I was by this act of kindness. It might have been a small act for him, but it genuinely showed me that my patronage and business mattered to him. Thank you for that, sir. 

Aside from the awesome and kind service, the food was INCREDIBLE. Honestly, it's a small breakfast place and i didn't expect them to turn out such amazing food. I got a breakfast sandwich that was out of this world. It was hearty without being overfilled to the point of falling out of the sandwich. I also ordered the banana nut French toast with home fries. The French toast was the star of my meal. It tasted like your grandma who loves you a lot made them. They were lightly dusted with powdered sugar, perfectly ripened bananas and glazed walnuts (or pecans? I don't know the difference). The home fries were perfectly cooked and I enjoyed them as well. 

I'm not downplaying most small breakfast spots, but iMunch was incredible and not the usual. Everything was cooked to order and nothing was overly greasy. It provided a really great start to my day and I want to say thank you. I will be back more regularly now that I found a great local spot.
Stumbled on this place via Yelp as we were leaving the zoo and needed a quick (and kid friendly) place to grab a bite to eat. 

Of note: the downstairs area is really small, with just a few window seats; most folks are just standing their waiting for their food for take out. But if you can get up the narrow winding staircase, there are several tables (and a giant 4-screen TV) upstairs. (And they will bring your food up to you, which I thought was a really nice touch). There is also a gender neutral/single stall bathroom upstairs.

I found the food to be of the "underpromise, overdeliver" variety. I got a hummus plate, which could've been pretty unexciting, but had delicious grilled pita bread and fantastic pickled veggies. 

Solid place! Would stop by again if in the neighborhood.
Once a hidden gem for me, word of mouth has spread like wildfire! Great customer service. Options to dine in or take out. Upstairs seating as well as good WiFi. 

- salmon patty on avocado is my absolute fav as well as the berry French toast.
I went in to pick up a take out order. No one, from the cook to the cashier, was wearing a mask.
Went there to do some work and found the place to be a pleasant surprise. When you walk in there is seating along the window but that's about it. However they do have an upstairs seating area with plenty of room. They also have a meeting space which is a nice bonus.

Now the food...I ordered the herby chicken salad sandwich on multigrain. It was very good. Huge and delicious. The best part was the sweet pepper relish. To drink I ordered a non dairy pomegranate/berry smoothie. It was tasty. Overall it was a dope spot, black owned and I will be back.
My boyfriend and I were starving so we decided to eat at this cafe before grocery shopping at Aldi across the street. It's a small, clean cafe, but there is tons of seating upstairs so don't be fooled. I ordered the house salad with chicken. Usually when chicken is served on top of salad at a cafe I have low expectations. I expect the flavor to be subpar and for the chicken to be dry. This chicken though? Honey it was hot, flavorful, and fresh! The salad also had candied walnuts and goat cheese--both of which managed to taste fresh as well. Honestly, I wondered while eating if they made the candied walnuts on site. I can't speak to the other items on the menu, but if they live up to the salad you won't be disappointed.
I really want to like this place but, I'm having a hard time. I've been here 3 times and 2 of the 3 times the service was very unsatisfactory. Like in a previous review several of the people including kitchen help were not wearing mask. A young man who works mainly outside went into the kitchen with no mask and no gloves even though he was dealing with trash. I have been forgotten several times with regards to my order and on at least one occasion no one said hello or how may I help you to incoming customers unless it was someone they knew or someone they hoped would tip big, and by the way I did tip. Their Uber delivery people also don't wear mask. The food is good but even under normal, not pandemic circumstance, they are a little unsanitary.
Don't let the name fool you, this place is def the book you should not judge by it's cover. I'll admit the name had me thinking this would be a low quality coffee shop that sold microwaved quick bites however that was far from the truth. This is a quaint friendly neighborhood cafe that offers a range of healthy and delicious breakfast/brunch options. I had the BLT (with Turkey bacon & cheese) and it was 10/10!! The bacon was thick and tasted good and the pesto Mayo was the chefs kiss. I took away one star because my gfs order took super long but the staff was very apologetic and offered us free lattes while we waited. Also kudos to them for following social distancing and mask policies!
Thought this place was cool until we walked in at 3pm to grab a coffee and the barista shouted at us that the shop was closed despite their hours saying they closed at 5pm. Update your hours and work on your customer service please.
I love that this is a black owned business and that they are getting such rave reviews from the community. I will definitely come down here to get coffee instead of buying it at Ryebrew, where the reception is not always warm. My only concern and why I cannot give a perfect 5 starts is that when I came in 4 or 5 people were behind the counter and only 1 of them was wearing a mask. This is concerning to me. I even notice the women putting food orders in the window (and possibly cooking) was not wearing a mask. And don't mean they were temporarily pulled down on their chin or around their necks (though this would also be unacceptable) the masks just were not present at all. I want to support this business. I haven't had their food yet but based on the reviews I bet its bomb. I just do not feel comfortable walking into a small restaurant where 99% of the people preparing and serving food are unmasked. I do not want my coffee with a side of covid-19. Aside from this strange finding, the staff seemed very friendly and efficient. The coffee was also delicious. 

I see that someone an Emily M. Has given you all a one star review because of the lack of masks. I would never do that as I am not trying to discredit or hurt your business. I just want to make you aware that people do not feel comfortable coming in and seeing that you are not practicing safety measures during this pandemic. Please don't let this hurt your business. It is important to make your customers feel safe.
I was so surprised at how much I enjoyed the food here. I was visiting and staying in Brewerytown and decided to check this place out for breakfast. The staff was really nice and the food was really good. Plus the portions are huge - their omelette platters are enough for 2 people. It's not a huge place but has upstairs seating and a fun spiral staircase that leads up to it.
