Imagine, if you will, a couple of college buddies hanging in the backyard of the frat house thinking to themselves "You know what? We should open a bar!"

"Bro!"

"I know. A bar. Quick, what are your favorite things?"

A quick list was jotted down on the back of Tuesday's Geology notes. 
-Beer pong
-Jenga (but like BIGGER!)
-Day drinking
-Fried foods (cheese! Pickles! Fish, but like from that time we did study abroad in London. Fish and CHIPS!)
-Chips n' dip
-Beer. Lots of beer.
-Twinkle lights (from that one bro who's all about ambiance)
-Chicks
-Some drinks for the chicks (I heard they like Mojitos)
-Other bros
-Cornhole? Sure.

IBG overheard the drunken whispers of these chosen dudes and built Center City's seasonal (NOT Pop-up) Beer Garden. They figured that they'd add some class with cheese plates, fish tacos and something French (Trois croque monsieurs pour les hommes? Parfait!) And, just like that, a star was born. 

Sure, it's often crammed with recently minted 21 year olds looking to day load. But sometimes, that's exactly what you're looking to do, too. The bathrooms in the back are kind of sloppy, which (given the vibe) wasn't a terrible surprise, and most of the food I've tried has been pretty tasty, albeit a little lacking in flavor (minus one star). But they've taken a crowd-pleasing concept and run with it. With the warmer weather and other beer gardens opening later in the season, I suspect IBG will be a packed house for the next few gorgeous Philly days and nights. When you're trying to enjoy some sun, a pretty solid list of craft beers, and typical bar far (with a few special items tossed in the mix), though, I wouldn't recommend anywhere else.
I loved my first visit to the Independence Beer Garden! It was pretty crowded at dinnertime on a Sunday evening. Luckily, my fiancé and his friends had already locked down a table. The Watermelon Wheat pitchers were flowing but I quickly switched to the gin, cucumber and elderflower drink at the suggestion of our server. 

Speaking of whom, she was the sweetest, most soft spoken, lovely woman (blonde with pink hair, I can't remember her name)! Always right on top of anything we needed and knew the menu front to back. 

I was super hungry and feeling indulgent so I ordered the cheeseburger and pickle chips. The burger was good; I've had better but it did the trick. The pickle chips were awesome; I see more of these in my future. Can't wait for many more warm spring and summer nights at the IBG!
One of my favorite bars to go to in Philly. The vibe is super nice and chill, especially during the summer time. The patio area with the lights and hanging vines definitely creates a relaxed ambience. 

The menu for sips is (5-7pm Wednesdays during the summer) pretty good - $3 beers, $4 wines, and $5 cocktails. They also have decent food for around $5, I think. The cheese curds are my favorite. The sliders are average. Tacos are not bad either, but kind of small. The spicy chips aren't that great. They're a lot spicier than I expected. The wings were also a little disappointing. They were sweet for some reason, but it wasn't because a sauce or anything, so it was kind of weird.
Great beer garden for the ambiance and space (the place is HUGE but still gets crowded)

Food and drinks are nothing to write home about but when you're enjoying great company under a vine grown patio near liberty bell, it's not all that bad
---wings: crispy but the meat was a bit hard to chew

NOTE: there are a couple random games you can get your hands on, we played checkers while we were here
I absolutely loved this place. The set-up, the food, the service, and the drinks list was all spot on. With no place to go and nothing really to do, we first got our drinks and then made our way to find a preferable location (this place is big). Once we got towards the back we found the game section of the beer garden and played two games of cornhole while others next to us played shuffleboard. After running out of beer, we opted to quit the games and instead sit down for some food.

While we sat at a picnic like table, there are also beach chair like seating with a tree trunk serves as a table. It gives off just a chill and relaxed vibe that I don't find in Jersey. While we waited for our food we found a cloth blanket that also served as a checkerboard. Great way to kill time. Despite the stalemate (we're really competitive), we really enjoyed the pretzel bites and wings. Beware of windy days though . . . cups and napkins kept flying away; food managed to stay warm in the cold wind so that's a plus.

I had a great time with my other half, I can only imagine if I were with a group of close friends.
I have been here on 3 different occasions with different groups of people.
Gave it 2 stars only because the location is convenient and the idea of it is great. I like the string of lights everywhere, the benches and Adirondack chairs, and the different activities available (giant Jenga, corn hole toss, shuffleboard, connect 4).

Let me get on to why they didn't earn 5 stars. Because they have it set up under the DOW building, which is all concrete, the noise level is 10x louder because there is nothing soft to absorb all the sounds. The service is horrible. I understand that it's a pop-up beer garden so I didn't expect much and yet even with low expectations, they somehow still surprised me by how poorly trained the service people are. 

First experience: I waited 40 mins and asked 3 people wearing the gray IBG shirts for a server to take my order. No one came so we ended up eating at Talula's Garden. 

Second experience: I attempted to order a drink at the small bar facing 6th Street. Waited 15 mins because the bartender stood there for 15 mins waiting for someone to get a bottle of liquor for her from the other bar instead of taking orders from the 50 other people waiting for drinks. Also, bartender gave me the wrong change (under changed). 

Third experience: Bartenders at the main bar served like 5 people from left to right and then went back to the left and didn't take orders  from those waiting in the middle for 10 mins. Also bartender overcharged me for well drinks but I didn't even bother bringing it up because I would need to wait another 15 mins for them to deal with it.

More cons than pros. Service is everything and they are missing the mark there.
A pop-up outdoor beer garden with nice upcycled vintage touches, giant Jenga, bean bags, and other games? Sign me up for this chill summer place! Good local beer selection- bypass the lame Lite beer selection by the game side, and go full on Drinking Locally at the main bar with your Yard's, Victory, and others. 

Didn't mind at all sitting on tree stumps, but was jealous of the people that snagged picnic tables and Adirondack chairs. The seating space underneath the building is way too loud (the science of concrete acoustics and people drinking!), but there's plenty of seating elsewhere if you can snag it. 

Servers do the rounds, or get your own drinks at the bars. Bathrooms are on site, too, making this an all encompassing beer garden for after work, or after your tired tourist feet can't take any more.
The reason to go to Independence Beer Garden: the awesome outdoor space, especially on a warm day.

This area had a great breeze and plenty of shade, with the greenery growing overhead. Combine a mild day with beer, and you have heaven. 

What was it that Founding Father Ben Franklin said, after all? "Beer is proof God loves us and wants us to be happy."

And God really loves anyone who hangs out at Independence Beer Garden on perfect spring days. 

I got to visit with family as part of some wedding festivities. Everyone got together at Independence Beer Garden the day after the wedding for lunch. 

We ended staying for roughly three hours. The atmosphere was that great. 

Again, that's the reason to go.

The beer selection was fun as well, with most of the brews coming from the Northeast. 

The food -- it was OK. Over our visit, we got the pretzel bites, onion rings, crispy cauliflower and cheesesteak. These are a step up from normal pub grub, with the crispy cauliflower being our favorite. 

The service was probably the most lacking part of our visit. We had to frequently flag servers down as they hurriedly rushed from the bar to one of the tables on the other side of the space. At one point we had to follow a waitress up to the bar to put in an order after not seeing a server for 30 minutes or so. 

But if you have to wait for a server, at least you get to wait in such a fun space. You're so close to several historical sites that stopping at Independence Beer Garden would be great on a day of sight-seeing.
Awful & Confusing. This place is a prison yard filled with young corporate knock offs and Pelican Bay bouncers. I did not like anything about IBG apart from its name. We arrived from Jersey on a charter (party bus - great by the way. Will get the name of the company and review. Top Notchery) for a friend's birthday at 9:10 PM. Kitchen closes at 10 and we were not able to order food. This place is run by the Foot Clan from Ninja Turtles. Kids skating on walls and cigarette cartons being sold. "We've been waiting for you Miss O'Neil".

Good Notes:
Bouncers are nice
Plenty of Lawn Game areas 
Super open space
Menu read well. Food would have swayed my opinion here...

Not so good Notes:
Super open space
Hard to gauge and navigate - it looks like some guys waited for a corporate complex to close and just threw a disorganized kegger party in the complex's atrium. Some Mack Cali ish. Subpar version of Project X. Just bad.
Bathroom situation confusing
Way too many Nooks & Crannies to get lost
Bartender had to be the worst ever. Should not be able to pour in the diviest of bars. Should not be able to pour liquor out for "the homies who aint here" (watch a bone thugs music video). Just the worst.
No suggestions on drinks or beer
Very small selection of drinks in general
It sucks
It's not good 
And it sucks.

Not a fan of negative reviews but I could not let this one slide. Sorry. 

Verdict:

Operations are sloppier than a soup sandwich. Stop giving the city of brotherly love and awesome joints a bad name. Sorry Philly keep your cheese steaks and constitution square. I'll stick to NY/NJ/CT/RI for tri-state fun. This place hurts your rep. Send it to Delaware or something. Unbookmark this shitshow and save yourself the trouble. Grab a can of Miller High Life and sit on a random stoop for a better biergarten experience. Get your ish together or close down thanks.
Independence Beer Garden or IBC is becoming one of my go to spots when venturing into Philly if it's nice weather and I am in need of a beer to quench my thirst. 

IBC shouldn't be confused with a traditional biergarten that one would visit in Bavaria. It shares some similarities such as outdoor space with long, communal picnic tables and of course beer. Sadly, you cannot order liters or half liters of beer like you could at a traditional biergarten and if German beer is what you're looking for, you've come to the wrong place. Save those shenanigans for Brauhaus Schmitz on South Street.

What you will get at IBC is a modest beer list with the local likes of Yards, Victory and Evil Genius, along with cans, wine and cocktails and a food menu. The venue is super spacious with lots of room to spread out - great for big groups. They even have games - shuffleboard, ping pong, giant checkers and Jenga. All of this - right across from Independence Mall on the border of Old City Philadelphia - the birthplace of American independence. 

Now that I am only 15 minutes away by train, I plan on making many more trips here. Prost!
Its a well known fact that are founding fathers were known to imbibe within the streets of Philadelphia. And if they did so today Independence Beer Garden would be the perfect Historic Philadelphia location for them to toss back a couple brews in.

My new top destination of the summer was Spruce Street Harbor Park, which I have mourned the loss of for the Fall onward until it comes back next summer. So I was happy to see the same reclaimed wood decor and multitude of games that Spruce Harbor had to offer. And since I found the Blue Anchor food and libation portion to be the one eyesore of Spruce Harbor, I was even happier to see a different food concept and a beer list that touted at least 40 brews between taps and bottles.

I give four stars because I didn't sample the food yet, the draft beer list was a touch on the over priced, and the crowd did have a bit of a bro fest element to it. But for a perfect outdoor bar destination that happens to be around for just a little bit longer, it doesn't get much better. When I wasn't able to grab a game of Jenga or ping pong, I was able to watch a sports game off a wall projector. And the many bar stations led to offerings from the likes of Ommegang, Dogfish Head, Six Point, Yards, and then some. 

Next time I'll definitely be sure to savor some of the menu that's curated by Michael Schulson of Sampan/Graffiti Bar fame, and at least one of their boilermakers or cocktails. But until then I set on just knowing that I have one more spot to perfect my Bocce ball game at!
I was disappointed with the service when I visited here on Saturday evening. I ordered a beer on nitro and it was served with 90 percent foam. I asked the bartender, and she responded indignantly that "it will settle." When the beer settled 20 minutes later it was warm, flat, and about 3/4 full. To top it off, the beer was listed as $6 (apparently pre-tax) on the menu but rang up as $7. With better beer gardens in town that can actually handle pouring what they have on tap, I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Visited last night, always like to check out a new beer garden.

This place gets one star for a very nice and relaxing out door space.  
Everything else is where it falls flat on its face.  Beer is very overpriced, $7 for a Otter Creek in a plastic cup.  Food is overpriced as well, 6 luke warm wings for $8, which were meh.  An over salted mahi mahi sandwich, gross.  The only good thing I ate was the tomato jam that came with the cheese curds (which sucked as well).  They bragged about the chef, some guy from that top chef show (I will assume he didn't win or do well based off of the garbage that came out of the kitchen.)  Get someone who can actually cook and serve hot, well seasoned food.  
Won't be back.
Racist. 

I feel bad for the bartender who just took our order. He might be ignorant, we don't know, but we felt we were treated badly because this person doesn't know what a puertorican looks like. He refused our ID. Hell, I didn't even show mine because I refuse to give these people a penny. 

We have 3 forms of ID (military and passports) and the general idea here was "this can't be real id because you don't LOOK puertorican". I've been here before and service has been bland. This takes the cake though. 

My friend felt so bad, we ended up returning the beer to the bar. Killed the mood. 

Never again.
Price: 
$-$$; not too pricey, featuring apps from $5 and up, to pitchers of beer up to ~$30. 

Food:
Hot & fresh; we received our two appetizers (beer battered onion rings & rosemary gravy fries) within 5 minutes. Pretty average bar food, nothing too special. 

Atmosphere:
Very relaxing, and especially nice on a night with good weather. The kitchen and part of the dining area is covered, so it would still hold up on a rainy day. The only qualm I have is that the only area serving food is pretty loud and crowded, whereas the quieter parts only serve alcohol. 

Overall:
Definitely would return. Especially for a Day 3-post opening, the IBG ran pretty quickly & efficiently with hot/fresh food. 

Tip: 
-One side only serves alcohol, while the other side serves both food & alcohol.
-Seating is first come, first serve - so grab the first empty table you find!
I'm not a bartender, but I believe the cardinal rule of pouring beers is to angle the glass (in this case plastic cup) to decrease foam. I was lucky enough to nab a seat at the bar on a beautiful and lively night at the Independence Beer Garden and was awarded a front row seat to the foam party that was being put on by the bartenders at the taps. Want a pitcher of foam with a side of Ommegang, or do you prefer foam with some 21st Amendment Hell or High Watermelon? I get that the bar gets swamped but there's no excuse for thinking that any customer would be ok with your lack of tending skills.

Regardless this place is huge and has a pretty good selection of beer, again, if you can wait 15 mins for the foam to settle after resorting to shouting your order to get the bartender's attention. Save your time and try any of the other beer gardens popping up around this city.
When the temperature rises, some see it as a time to party, or a time to relax, or a time to hang out with friends, without having to worry about getting out of town, especially if you don't have enough vacation days. Just head to IBG and spend some fun and quality moments with your pals.
It's easy to fall in love with IBG. Maybe because of its perfect alfresco location, right in the heart of Old City (aka: the historical district,) or its casual ambiance under the rope light canopy, or because of the rotating selection of drinks. And as far as food goes, IBG has snacks and light bites, sandwiches, desserts and large groups platters. I was happy with my hummus & pita, and grilled chicken sandwich.

Three and Three Quarters Yelps.
Nice stop after visiting the liberty bell. Great selection of beers and big selection of appetizers and food.
I have come here numerous times since they first opened and I have never been disappointed. It's the perfect oasis in the heart of Philadelphia's historic district. The IBG offers fun and games such as Jenga, checkers, Connect Four, cornhole, shuffleboard and ping-pong! The service has always been top-notch and they have great food which comes out as soon as each item is prepared. Be sure to check out the happy hour specials.
Beer Stop 138
----

There are 6 words that sum up Independence Beer Garden: Cool Location, Mediocre Taps, Awful Service.

I wont bore you with the details, but the tap list was just bad. There are so many cool beer bars in the area that you need to stand out in some way, but Beer Garden  doesn't. 

ALSO....they dont clean out the beer lines. The beer has a metallic taste and some unwanted sediments. I inquired to the bartender about this (as I thought I was going crazy), but yea, they dont actively clean the beer lines.

The menu is typical pub fare, which is fine, but the food we ordered came out COLD. The server then went to return the items and didnt come back for a good 30+ minutes.

I really wouldnt bother with this place!
What are great outdoor space right across the street from the Library Bell.  It's an L shape space with plenty of sitting area.  There are games like checker, genga, connect four etc on every table. It's fun to have the games specially after a few drinks. 
The drinks were good, but not very strong. The staff was really friendly and attentive. I didn't have any of the food but the aroma was nice.
I think if this place wants to succeed into its contract they need to do the following :

Hire more staff 
Potentially have a beer stand or two to avoid patrons having to wait in crazy lines for a cold one 
Lowering the price point or providing guests more booze for their buck .

Came here post HH in search of lumberjacks ( Obvi not for me ) 

The guy to girl ratio is solid so ladies if you are in the market for a new beau perhaps head here instead of l'tage on a Friday night .

Usually pitchers offer a better value so we opted for a pitcher if a cocktail featuring the rhubarb tea from art in the age.
The pitcher was 75% ice so we probably would have been better off getting our own drinks. 

Its pretty chaotic here and again lines are hella long . I may be back before the weather turns bad but i probably won't go out of my way to do so
Shouldn't even give one star. A person came by and took my drink and threw it away. I said excuse me I was drinking that- she said it looked almost done- then asked what I was drinking. I told her and she came back with a shot glass filled with something mix of juice. Giving the place the benefit of the doubt I went to the bar and  explained. Bartender says- "well how much was left in your drink?" I said okay to two bartenders "I just want to make sure this is how you do business?" A shrug was confirmation that yes this is considered normal practice. Avoid this place at all costs- it's weird.
I went to the Independence Beer Garden within the first week of its opening, and I was utterly disappointed. My friends and I were so excited to finally try out the cute beer garden that is reminiscent of a trendy beach bar at the shore. Although there was a decent line by the time we arrived, it luckily didn't take long at all. Unfortunately, that was the only positive we experienced all night. 

A group of our friends were already inside but before meeting up with them, my roommate and I decided to get our first round of drinks at the bar to the left after you walk in. That was our first mistake. We waited at the bar for 30 minutes before we were even acknowledged. There was three bartenders and one bar back, and although I understand that a bar back cannot serve anyone, he literally served zero purpose behind the bar. His presence merely annoyed everyone who was waiting even more since he was essentially taking up space when having a fourth bartender would have been more efficient.  

The bartender finally took our drink order - two peach shandys and a hopdevil. Not too difficult in my opinion. When she handed us our peach shandys the glasses were three quarters full. Even two guys at the end of the bar were shocked by the obvious lack of beer in our glasses. The bartender came back and said the hopdevil had been kicked. So I ordered a Sam Adams next. She came back and said they had run out of Sam Adams. So my third choice was a Firestone and low and behold.... drum roll please.... No more Firestone! I told her to pick whatever was left so she handed me a Troegs. When I asked her to top off our peach shandys she just rolled her eyes and didn't say anything. Honestly, it was pretty poor service from a bartender with '15 years of experience.'

Not only did they not have any beer that I asked for, the beer they did have was warm. I don't think a cold beer is asking too much from a beer garden. 

Overall it was a terrible first experience, but I would give it a second shot during the day.
Overpriced and overhyped.

Came here on a gorgeous night on memorial day weekend.  I expected it to be packed and it was.  No worries, I don't mind standing and figured it was only a matter of time before a table opened up. Went to grab a beer... ouch.  I think the cheapest beer was $8.  Really, do beers really need to be set at cocktail prices?  Hell, the one I got was in a can!

A portion of a table opened up, so we began to take it over.  I realize that seems rude, but apparently that is how it is done.  The waitress even recommended we linger around people who's check has come. Don't worry, the favor was returned when we were ready to leave.

$3 for a bowl of typical bag popcorn and I was really to bounce.  A few at my table ordered food.  I can safely recommend you avoid the ribs. 

My review may be overly focused on price and you could point out  I should enjoy and focus on value.  I'm sorry, I've been to other pop-ups and its not like this place is the only outdoor venue in Philly.  Overall, IBG didn't win me over...
The only thing that's cool about this place is that it is an outdoor bar. The food and the service are unremarkable. They really would benefit from expanding their menu a bit. I'd go back just because it is outside, and they have a decent beer selection. Cool for the summer.
Horrible service - first server disappeared. Second one took my order, never asked if I wanted water (the other person I was with had water), food came but the drink I ordered (a milkshake) was MIA, as was silverware and napkins.  Saw server who took my order constantly texting on her phone at the bar when I went looking for napkins and silverware. She never came around again. Finished eating, still no drink. Went looking for the 2nd server - she was just standing around the bar looking bored (found out later she was the manager). Tried to explain what happened - all she could say was that she put the order in for my drink (no explanation about why she never followed up, why I had to hunt down napkins and silverware or why I had to hunt her down).  It's obvious that this place doesn't give a hoot about their customers. I will never go back.
Showed up to Independence Beer Garden today (Saturday) at around 6pm for the second day of their spring 2016 soft opening. I sat there with my girlfriend for about 30 minutes and we never had our order taken. I expect hiccups with a soft opening, but something is very wrong when a waitress twice says that she'll be right with you and then just disappears. The first time she said she had to clear a table and would be right back, but it was about ten minutes before we saw her again as she took another table's order. We watched her serve everyone around us, but she never came back to us. Towards the end of our wait she served the people who recently sat down behind us and then told us she'd be right over. Instead she dropped off a check at another table nearby, went back to the register, then headed in a completely different direction. After watching that we got up and left. Another group grabbed our seats as we were leaving and we watched her serve them...

So, basically, we sat there for 30 minutes like idiots. After the first 15 minutes of waiting I tried to order two drinks and some wings from the bar, but I was told that I couldn't order food from the bar.

The bar was definitely packed, but not so crazy that I can excuse being ignored. Based on everyone else around us being served, my girlfriend honestly thinks the waitress had something against us. I don't know what to make of it, but there are tons of other options in Philly for me to choose over this place.
DRINKS: Great selection of beer and mixed cocktails.   They have a good list of local drafts.  

ATMOSPHERE: Definitely  recommend this place with a group of friends of the weather is nice.   You have access to pingpong, jenga, cornhole, and other games.   You have a access to a great patio and plenty of seating areas.   Also kid friendly.  

SERVICE:  Everyone was friendly and our drinks were out quickly.   

Definitely recommend this place to take your friends and family.  They will love enjoying the weather. Have drinks and play games.  A great place to socialize.
Very surprised with the low rating. I went last night and it was packed so I expected the worse...

I was really surprised as everything went smoothly. The layout of the place was really smart... Three main sections. I opted to chill on the 6th street side mainly BC it was less crowded and the noise under the Dow building was fairly loud. 

Despite the bar being packed I was able to order after reviewing the menus..( drink and food) quickly and easily. Opted for the mixed drinks... The peach one and ginger one. They were good but I kinda wanted more beer in it but that's OK. 

Ordered gravy fries and wings. Food came out quick which was a surprise then I realized most apps were prob basically done already to reduce the chances of a backed up kitchen and angry hungry crowd. Fries were meh because they were not hot . however the wings were pretty bomb... So much so my group ordered two more orders. 

The prices are decent and not a total rip off. The atmosphere, music, etc were all great in my opinion. The men's bathroom was clean and spacious considering it's ad hoc. 

I closed my tab and I was expecting some errors since I was there for a long period and ordered sporadically but there was no issue. The bartender (guy with glasses front bar) was on point and kept cool and calm despite the large thirsty crowd. Definitely recommend stopping by... Perhaps try on a slow night to play some games.
Went for sips. This was going to be a lower review but my experience was positive despite issues throughout the night.

My group waited for a table. Wasn't a long wait even with the sips crowd still hanging around.  place was packed but not as crowded as a Friday night (when I last visited).  

So we got a table. Check. 6:45pm... Cool stool got 15 before sips ends. We put our order in. 4 drinks. 5 food orders, all sip specials. Again... The place is packed so I'm patient with food and drinks. After 30 minutes our drinks comes out everything is all good... But aggravation was rising with some of my friends. A few minutes later our server came over and informed us that the food order was put in too late so we couldn't get the sips special. 

I'm understanding but the excuse was a little "weak" in my opinion... He had 15 minutes to put in drink and food orders... We end up changing our food order which was a bummer. 

Food comes out very quick after we reordered. We finish then ask for check. Sadly... Our server "messed up" and charged us our original sips order PLUS our new food order. The receipt even said our order was put in before sips ended....  Uhhh awkward catching our server lying or at the very least misinforming us. 

I requested to discuss the issue with the manager. Both the hostess and manager of the night were extremely nice and reasonable. This act, in my opinion, saved the night for me. If they had stfu, then I'd be upset. But the manager handled the situation above and beyond my expectation. 

The bathrooms were clean... Played ping pong ( add some lights, hard to see when it's dark.) And tried bocce although I had no idea how to. Lol. 

Still my goto beer garden in Philly.
If you are into places to get together with a group of friends or just want to have an intimate catch up with one other person this place is the spot. I visited the East Coast from Cali and met up with my cousin who lives in Philly for the day. We had the hummus snack, some beers, and a few cocktails. I'm not one to drink a lot, but the whole experience was a great one. I didn't partake on the activities, but I saw many people enjoying the jenga, cornhole, hopscotch, and other small outdoor activities. This place at night would be cool because they have stringed lights and a lot of plants around in a certain area. During the day (I went in the late afternoon in August, super hot) there was a good amount of shade because the buildings around were very tall. There is also places with a cover. Pretty much you choose were to sit.

Service was great. Servers were attentive, always asking if we needed anything and they weren't overly annoying or pressing. What hinders me from giving them the last star is because I went on a Wednesday, and apparently it's only 21 and over that day. My cousin said it was a thing in Philly to drink and go out and de-stress on Wednesdays because it's the middle of the work week. Usually any age customers can come in and my friend who wasn't 21 was not allowed in. I saw some families with kids enjoying the cornhole but got kicked out. So sad. Maybe they should change the no 21 rule to after dark, but I totally get why it is in place since on Wednesdays more people are out to drink. 

Overall a good thing to experience in Philly if you're a tourist like me, since there is nothing like this around where I am from.
Mice running all over the place and under people's feet. When I was leaving the venue after complaining about the mice the waitress Nicole laughed and told me to catch the mice. Rude and unhelpful staff - unable to answer questions about happy hour. Would never go back again or recommend to anyone.
Two words: Central location. I'm not sold on IBG just yet, but on off-nights, it's great, and when you want to meet friends in an easy gathering spot, it's perfect.

I've been here a few times since it opened for the season, and they've been decent but not amazing experiences. It's obviously better when you can get seats and I wish I felt more comfortable with the hovering method.

They upped the beer prices during MDW, which was annoying since I had chosen it as the meeting place for my birthday that Saturday. Also annoying? The bouncers. As Jared J. has noted, the one took his job WAY too seriously.

I could tell Mr. Bouncer had put his cranky pants on that day, but one of my friends still chimed: "it's her birthday!" when I handed him my ID. He, obviously, stayed silent as a response. But what was irritating? Two minutes later -- as we walked by him again while crossing the two sections in our search for a place to stand in lieu of seats -- he pointed at my arm as if to see if I had a wristband yet. Really, now? Memory loss? After two minutes?

As for the actual beers? Pretty good selection, but I haven't seen them change much in the last month. Some switches every now and again would be great! I don't always want a Dock Street Rye or a Deschutes Fresh Squeezed IPA!

Food is here okay. I like the hot dog and popcorn. I'll have to try more on future visits!

Right now, I'd give IBG a solid three. It's a good place to visit in theory, but not always the most fun in reality.
I see a lot of poor reviews for this beer garden, but I found it to be pretty perfect.

First of all, it is enormous. There is actually room to sit with a group of friends. You don't have to stand around, like in every other pop-up garden in the city. We were able to comfortably spend all afternoon relaxing, chatting, and playing games. We didn't have to fight for jenga, ping pong, or shuffleboard because the "garden" is so spacious and has plenty to offer.

Second, they offer pitchers of beer for as little as $18. I'm talking IPA beers. Not only that, but you can basically go and get a pitcher yourself at the west end of the park, so you don't have to wait for a server to come around. Most of the people in our group also ordered food, and it came out fairly quickly.

And finally, if you don't like it, don't come back! I prefer it when it's not crowded anyway. :)
Great idea,  but:
1. Food was horrible, chicken sandwich had 1/2 a chicken finger in a 8" sub roll, which was stale. Broccoli rabe tasted like spinach, the frozen kind. 
2. Wedge salad had blue cheese dressing that was watery, not creamy and tasted like a foot. 
3. Not all beers on the menu were on tap, & it was only 1pm on a Friday afternoon.  Pretty bad to be behind the curve ball early in the weekend with such nice weather ahead and plenty of potential customers arriving!
Stopped by here for happy hour and was fairly impressed with the reasonable prices and food. This place is not fantastic by any means, but it's not your typical sloppy bar food either. According to a fellow coworker, the alcoholic drinks are reasonable, but I wouldn't be able to give ya any names since I came for the food.

This tiny bar is tucked next to the Dow Chemical Company and right next to the Constitutional Building. Since you are outside, there will be a few winged friends visiting you while you're munching on fries and other goodies, but it was not unbearable. The place provides a nice shelter from the temperature outside during the summer.

I ordered the wings and spicy guacamole chips for $5 each. The wings were battered and deep fried then drizzled in honey. The wings were crunchy, juicy, sweet, and hot. It was pretty good and I had no complaints. The spicy guacamole chips were a bit lacking since neither the guac nor the chips were spicy. The chips were thick and hearty with a generous seasoning of salt, paprika, and onion powder. The guac didn't taste too appealing, it's your typical mashed up avocados with a bit of lime and cilantro.

I also ordered a cup of ginger ale to go with my food. All in all including a 20% tip, the bill came out to $16 which is very reasonable since you're eating at the heart of the center city, but don't expect to be stuffed.
Giant place in the heart of independence mall (and super close to century 21!!) Has a garden area complete with vines and cool lighting, plus a place under an outdoor alcove at the mall, and another outdoor space with games. Long tables everywhere, good beer and food everywhere! They have my favorite Stella cider in large cans too :)
The pursuit of life, liberty, happiness and beer led me to the Independence Beer Garden last night.  I was excited, anxious and nervous at the same time. Only open for a little over a week at the time of my visit, I was glad I didn't rush my visit and was able to gauge my expectations based on other people's experiences. 

We entered from the ramp off of 6th street and went directly to the front bar. It was a little after 7:00 and wasn't completely crowded. Before we could order, we were asked to move closer to the bar out of the service area. I totally get they need that space but apparently they've been a little snappy at customers about it. One server even commented that she's going to put something sharp there to block off the space. How about rope? Or not saying that to a customer? 

In any case, my group immediately decided on a pitcher of Victory Hop Devil on Nitro. We were warned that this beer was pouring with about three-quarters foam. The warning was definitely noted and appreciated, but it was still a bummer. We went with a pitcher of Victory Summer Love instead. The pitcher poured a little more than a glass per person so it wasn't huge. That would work out to approximately $6 a beer so it really wasn't that great of a deal to get the pitcher. The price for beer was still about market average so I appreciate not getting ripped off.  Although we were charged $19.80 for the pitcher and thought were being mischarged, but they added the tax on at the end. 

Finally settled with our beers, we made our way through the center of the beer garden to a bench in the back. It's amazing what they do with these "pop up" gardens.  If I were coming from out of town, I would have had no idea that IPG wasn't a permanent structure. The string of lights was nice touch and the atmosphere was jovial. There is another bar in the center area, along with a giant TV projection. It's always nice to know you can be outside with a drink and still be able to catch a game.

I wasn't overly impressed with my experience. The beer selection and service were so-so. The prices weren't bad and the scene was pretty cool. I would definitely go back to the Independence Beer Garden if I was in the area or with a group, but there are better beer gardens in the city.
This is easily one of my favorite outdoor spots in Philly! Beer gardens are a huge thing here but IBG really knows how to please their customers. The space is HUGE. Although it can get packed (especially on the nicer days), it never really feels too tight. There are fire pits tucked away in the back if you want to be in a more private area or play life size Jenga with a group of friends!

Unlike some beer gardens, IBG does offer a decent selection of cocktails or non-beer beverages which is really nice. Must try the mahi mahi tacos and fried pickles!
Met a friend at the Independence Beer Garden tonight.  It's hard to find, and I imagine people only go there who stumble upon it.  Do yourself a favor and keep stumbling down the street....there are far better options in Old City, Philadelphia.

Apparently the IBG is owned by some "name" chef in Philly.  Zzzzzzzz.  Who cares?  Here's the bottom line:  the outside "beer garden" is nice, but it's technically the side bar.  The main bar is directly under the Dow Chemical building in a cavernous brick-and-concrete underpass that has all the echoing appeal of a hospital cafeteria.  You'll be sitting at picnic tables and get your drinks in plastic cups.  Charming.  

I had a couple of overpriced beers and an $8 sausage-onion-pepper sandwich.  It was delicious, but so small that I had to order a second.  No side salad, no fries, no garnish, no pickles.  Just a pre-mixed concoction (I tried to get it without onions but that wasn't possible) in a paper container like you might get at the beach....for about four times the price.

Like the Liberty Bell that hangs just a couple hundred feet away, you'll finish your visit asking "that's it?"
I just love this place. On a nice night, this is the perfect place to enjoy some drinks and a bite to eat outdoors. The beer garden is quite large and there are plenty of things to see and do here. The entire place is decorated in white strings of lights, strung from poles and trees. Very beautiful at night!! You can grab a seat at a table for waiter service, or grab a drink at one of the many bars. There are lots of games to play here. Ping-pong, shuffleboard, checkers, connect four, jenga etc. We grabbed a table and ordered some food. The chicken wings were sweet and fried hard. They had some hot sauce on the side, but we didn't even use it. The wings were perfection on their own. We also ordered a watermelon salad, which was cool and refreshing as well. May I say, for as busy as they were here on a Saturday night- our service was excellent. Kiko- our waiter, was extremely helpful, friendly and prompt. Another great tid bit about this place is that it's free! No cover charge. I will be back very soon!!!
I went there for sips tonight, and a lesson was learned. It was crowded, so I did what any normal person would do, and order a few drinks for myself.  The bartender (45 and wanting to be anywhere else), pours me my drinks and sets them on the bar.  My gf and her friends just meet up with me, and I turn to greet them with a hug and wave, when this bartender takes my drinks away.  I'm waiting for 10 mins and perhaps an explanation and she finally comes back and says "did you learn your lesson? You turn away in a crowded bar and I gave your drinks away" I said sure, handed her my money and she says and that's your last drink of the night. Worst bartender I've encountered in Philly, and the rest of the staff ain't special.  If you open a new "hot spot" in Philly, at least have decent people working the bar. - 1 star
We stumbled upon this awesome little outdoor beer garden/restaurant near Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell in downtown Philly.  The atmosphere was fantastic, and I sat on a tree stump for a chair underneath an arbor.  We ordered a couple of apps and some local beers.  The fried cheese curds were amazing, but it was a shame we didn't get a lot of them.  The hummus was tasty, too.  The beer wasn't super cold, so we added some ice to it (I know, tres tacky, right?).  The restaurant expanded all over and offered plenty of outdoor games, seating, etc. for people looking for a place to hang out with friends.  Very cool place!
So I was having fun until I plugged in my phone to one of the 4 empty outlets beside my table.  The server comes over with a snarky "management says that you can't charge your phone here".  Wtf?! It's OK for me to spend $8 per beer here, but not charge my phone? F this place, I won't be back... And also, the water tastes like they fished it out of the schuylkill.  Gross.  Good luck if you're bro enough to try this frat party.
Beer gardens galore popping up everywhere. I was a bit reluctant to try it at first, given the enormous crowds, but there was actually a decent amount of seating and the weather was great, so it worked out. I liked that they had non-brand name Jenga at the tables, as well as other bar activities (cornhole and ping pong) strewn throughout the space. We sat right in front of the projector screen for the Eagles' first preseason game, and stayed there for most of the night.

There was a decent overall beer selection, albeit a bit pricey, and the food was pretty good (also pricey). My friend got the steak, and it was actually cooked a perfect medium rare and came out juicy and delicious, over a bed of french fries. Pretty awesome for a steak that was served in a paper container. Service was so-so. Our "waiter' was very good about getting our drink orders to us once we did order, but incredibly hard to wave down, likely due to the volume of people ordering from him.

Bathrooms in the shipping containers were pretty gross, but what can you do? The atmosphere was pretty lively, but you can also have a chill, laid-back time.   If you have a large group and you can snag a table, that would be the ideal situation. Overall, a pretty good experience, and I'll be back for that steak.
This place was pretty neat. They have an array of beer and cocktails to chose from. In the era of Covid, you scan a QR code specifically assigned to your table and it brings up a website where you can place your order. I like the new way of ordering.  I did not have a reservation and was seated as soon as I got there. They have tons of outdoor seating available and there is ample metered street parking.  I got a few cocktails which were delicious, along with a club sandwich and fries which was awesome.  They have a few TV there where they usually have on some sports.  There is no bar seating due to COVID, but as I mentioned there is more than enough. The service here is top notch. Everyone was so friendly, courteous and helpful.  I enjoyed my delicious meal and savory drinks here. I look forward to going back soon.
Pros: Great location close to all the tourist stuff that finally takes advantage of the large empty spaces under the 1960s Rohm and Haas building. Outdoor space is attractive designed as a contemporary mountain retreat with fire pits, Adirondack chairs, meadow plants that sway in the breeze, split wood finishes, stone walks and two Bocce courts on the side. Excellent people watching. I would give it 5 stars for looks alone. But looks alone do not a restaurant make.

Cons: 
SERVICE - It was pretty bad. We were here at lunchtime on a Saturday. We sat at a table and someone eventually came around to say there was no service for these two particular tables because "honestly, I just don't have time" but to order at the bar. I walk around the corner and go to order at the bar only to be told to go order at the table. Finally convinced the bartender to take my order, get back to table and find another service asking if he can place our order. Sure, take his order. I already placed mine. The server told us he would combine the orders and bring them together. OK. Except they brought my food back to the bar where it sat and got cold. Took the better part of half an hour for a can of beer.

Confusing Layout - There's more than one way to enter the site. Only one entrance has a greeter, so most people coming in the non-greeter entrances stand around, mouths agape (did  I mention this is a touristy area?) and confused, blocking entry and exit. Simple signage would take care of this.  

Annoyances - There's a trash receptacle near the eating areas that has a hinged metal door. Staff members would throw items away and in their haste, allow the door to slam, jolting everyone around them. Also, the gravel paving was a problem for people with strollers and wheelchairs. You may get a good whiff of horse urine from the carriages.

Overall, I'd say they just opened a couple of days ago and I will give them the benefit of the doubt. Would like to come back later in the fall maybe. They say it will be open year-round.
Huge beer garden with so much to eat, drink and have fun.   Ping pong tables, cornhole, bocce ball, jenga and so much more.   Have a few drinks, a few appetizers and you can hang all night.  This place is great for large crowds and the music is also on point.
IBG is one of my favorite places in the entire city to go to for drinks during the Summer. Located outside between two buildings and across the street from the Liberty Bell. This place is always a good time, they have board games and cornhole set up for people to play with.

They offer a great variety of local craft beer, and have a pretty good food menu for a beer garden. IBG is great for groups during the summer with large picnic tables and plenty of places for a lot of people to sit.

Also fun fact Yards Brewery brews a beer just for IBG that I rather enjoy it's a version of their pale ale with grapefruit, I highly recommend on a nice summer night!
One of the many reasons I love Philadelphia is the ample options of local beer gardens. This is probably the biggest and most popular of them all and runs all summer long. Located in a very open area - different sections of the beer garden gives a different feel. There are long benches where you can just enjoy the rowdy company of your friends, lounge chairs out in the open with lit up trees surrounding you, game areas that include giant Jenga, ping pong, and cornhole, and bars conveniently located throughout. Definitely the place to be on a nice summer evening.

The knock on this place is that the alcohol is relatively pricey compared to other beer gardens in the area. 3 cups of beers will run you ~$25, which isn't ideal for budget drinking (go to Bob and Barbara's). Yet, if you're spending your summer nights here enjoying yourselves with games and the outdoors, it's not too much of a price to pay.
Huge beer garden, really great for guests visiting Philly but also if you're local and just want a place to hang out. I think from a beer and food selection standpoint, it's fairly average, but then again you'd be hard-pressed to find one that spans 20,000 square feet and has ping-pong tables, cornhole, bocce ball, giant jenga, and more. And all opportunely located in the middle of historic Philly. 

The versatility is nice here because you can come by your lonesome or with a few friends, all the way to having company events with 100+, or even bring dogs and babies. There's enough seating around the buildings that you can stay in a large crowded area by the games or head to the more secluded garden in the corner.

They also have a happy hour with a good selection of $3 and $5 snacks, some $3-4 beers and wines, and a $5 specialty cocktail of the day. Not a bad way to spend your afternoon overlooking the liberty bell.
I came here last night on a date and was able to snag a spot under the pergola in the garden area. I've come a few times before for day drinking and it's always super crowded so it was nice to not be mushed up with people on the benches for a change. Overall the place is very lovely, the pergola area is cute and makes for a great instagram picture. The food wasn't anything to die for but I don't think that's this beer garden's goal anyways. Independence beer garden is for a nice time with decent drinks and a great atmosphere in one of the cute Philly areas. 

I was really basic and ordered the angry orchard rose. Makes me happy when places have a good cider option for those times you aren't quite feeling beer. I would have rather been able to buy a bottle or can but they gave it to me in a plastic cup which I thought clashed with the garden's aesthetic but no big deal. The draft list (pic below) wasn't really long I thought but had something for most people. I think the HH menu also had some good discounts. 

As for the food, like I mentioned, nothing to die for. I checked yelp before and people raved about the wings... growing up in Texas where we literally compete on wing eating casually, I wasn't very impressed. Again, I don't think this is the purpose of this place though so not like it should be held to a high food standard. The wings were fine; I wish they'd given me ranch instead of like liquid blue cheese. We also ordered the crispy cauliflower. I love cauliflower in all its forms and was excited about it but it was wayyyyyy over seasoned. I thought the sauce that came with it was great at subduing some of that flavor though.
Not dog-friendly.

We stopped by for opening weekend on Sunday (4/22) since the weather was awesome. They opened at 11am and we got there at 11:15am, so nobody was there. We had our baby with us and under the stroller was his furry brother a 6 lb Maltese-Yorkie who was sleeping under the stroller. Once we sat down and got comfortable, the waitress decided to come over then and tell us we had to leave since we had a dog. My wife and I laughed and thought she was joking, but she was not. And as a reminder, this is a bar that is 100% outdoors, and no one was there when we stopped by for a quick beer. 

IBG used to be one of our favorite spots in the city for an outdoor drink, but after this, we will start going to some of the other great outdoor bars in the city. 

I could understand if we walked in with an 85 lbs pitbull during happy hour on a Friday or even a barking little dog, but this was not our first rodeo. We understand how the world works, and a 6lb dog that is sleeping under a stroller is not harming the other two people in the establishment. 

Philly is a very dog-friendly city so it may be time to update your rules, IBG.
What is more America then drinking beers across the street from the liberty bell? 

Epic outdoor seating with jumbo Jenga and pitchers. It is a super chill environment with Dave Mathews and Jack Johnson playing in the background. Music is not to loud so it is perfect for chazzing it up with friends. 

Don't forget to stop by the liberty bell after for a selfie!
Would be 1 star but I feel I should go easy since it just opened a couple of days ago. Came here for lunch and my fathers burger was sour tasting(so odd, kinda scary), he sent it back which he never does. I had the chicken cutlet, roll was very hard. It took 15 minutes for the server to bring me my beer(it arrived same time as the food) he said the bar was backed up never in my life have i heard that at 2PM. The kitchen is really small, I feel they will continue to struggle pumping out food with all the traffic. Sitting in the breezeway was nice and cool, and baggo and ping pong tables are a good touch. Oh and burgers were 9 bucks each with no fries, and we got an order of wings and they are the size of my thumb. I would definitely recommend stopping in for a beer, maybe they will fix the food in time...but seeing how small the kitchen is I have little faith.
I wanted to like this... but every time I gave it a chance it just disappointed. 
I took off most of the stars because the service is really slow, the menu option is limited and not that great for a beer garden (their mac n cheese is very bland and i'm not a fan of the shell pasta instead of the macaroni)
the staff needs to be trained better to control the crowd and to attend to the table within the first couple minutes of anyone sitting down. please do not direct your customers to sit anywhere if you know a server wont reach them in a farther area. Ask them if they prefer the picnic tables or chairs, shade or no shade etc and direct them to one. 

Another time during lunch I ordered a coke, which took forever for them to ring me up at the bar was almost $3.50 and I ended up tipping on top of it (idk why) so really over $4 for a dispensed coke.. so over priced.

Well I hope it gets better... on the upside the area is really nice, good for groups since there is tables of seating and even games!
This beer garden is huge!  I was surprised by the square footage and also by the bells and whistles this place has to offer.  Projection TV, ping pong tables, fire pits, corn hole, shuffleboard!  It's kind of like a nice backyard patio-area for city folk that don't have backyards to invite friends over to.

The decor is nice.  It has the clientele that would come along with a huge beer garden.  Beware that it does get crowded, and if you don't like crowded, then you might want to visit a place that doesn't have as much recent hype surrounding it.   

For as crowded as it was, there was plenty of seating, and the service was quick at the bar.  They had a nice selection of beers.  I opted for the 21st Amendment Hell or High Watermelon wheat for 7 bucks.  Prices overall weren't too shabby.  

The food was just "meh."  My friends ordered chicken tenders and fries.  It came out very quickly, but taste-wise it's what you would expect from a crowded outdoor place on a Saturday night: Perfectly adequate, nothing special. 

We didn't have any trouble finding street parking a block away on 5th Street.  Overall, the location of this place is nice.

However, for such a large beer garden, I was a bit surprise that they didn't designate an area for music or dancing.  That would've been a nice touch.

In short:  The bathrooms were clean.  The beer was flowing.  I'll definitely be coming back again before it closes in October.
The mass appeal of popup beer gardens in this city has baffled me.  Yes, it is very nice to enjoy a beer or cocktail outside.  It's nice to play Jenga or bocchi ball(spelling?) with friends instead of staring at your phones all day/night.  It's cool that you're dropped in an unassuming and random plot of real estate-turned-garden strung with lights off the busy city street.  But the overall hype of "wow, I'm drinking in an Adirondack chair instead of on my couch!" is what makes me think this is gonna be one of those trends that peters out over time, like gluten free cupcake shops.

This place falls into that basic, over-hyped category.  One look at the sea of men in pastels and boating shoes and I knew what I was getting into.  We went on a Sunday and met up with a group of 4, who luckily had snagged a picnic table.  Had they not been there for a few hours prior to us arriving, I imagine it would've been a bitch trying to get a table for 6 since it was packed.  We had Jenga with fun graffiti all over it, but one or two games of that and I'm done.  I could see the bocchi ball from our table and again, unless you're there when it first opens, there's no chance in hell to secure a spot and play. 

Service was just okay.  There seemed to be only 1 server in the whole side section of picnic tables and it took a while for us to even order- plus she disappeared for long sections of time.  We got a pitcher of Goose Island which was pretty pricy and renders about 3-4 beers, though I'm sure if we picked Yuengling it wouldn't have been too bad.  I was starving and was expecting the food to be like that new age/picnic-style with a twist bullshit, but it was pretty basic and overpriced.   I got the hummus appetizer and it was sooo bland and served with one giant pita taken straight out of the bag and microwaved and a couple hard sticks of carrots.  The burger was just mehh, nothing even worth talking about.  The margarita was poorly made and tasted only of sour mix.  Overall, for the prices, it was too expensive for a Sunday afternoon venture into the city.  I could've just as easily sat on my own balcony with my own beer and had the same experience.

Bathrooms are like a giant smelly hot tin box and the pebbly gravel as the ground's walking space, though practical, gets annoying.  There were a bunch of Adirondack chairs and tree stump chairs strewn about, though I'm sure they're hard to reserve as a group.

Beer selection was good and it is in a nice section of the city (and the food menu was possibly only for lunch- maybe dinner is better), so I can't completely dismiss it, though I doubt I'd be back.
I like making fun of fat tourists...and clueless families wandering around.  

Yes, I do.

This place is a perfect spot to drink the watermelon sangria, sit on the beach chairs and gawk at the millions of "I love PA"-clad chubbies hopping on and off of the Ride the Duck tour buses.

It's a huge outdoor drinking area and it's not a typical beer garden since it is adjacent to, or actually, in the breezeway of two corporate buildings.

It gets loud at night since it's not totally outdoors and there aren't many other bars/restos in the vicinity.

I like it.
Being the beer drinker I am, this is the first beer garden I've ever attended.  We walked past this place a few times and stopped to rest and replenish with brews.  Crowded and loud, this is a hopping spot especially on weekends.

It's split in two sections:  the main one in front or the garden on the left.  The garden area is more quiet and chill with bushes and trees surrounding it.  The main area is in the center with the most traffic.  It has TVs and a couple ping pong tables.  We went there first and immediately turned around.  Some of the beer areas are $$$ only; we also had a drunk eagles fan try to instigate us in helping him beat someone up; Way to give Eagles fans a great name to their already violent reputation!

We almost left but noticed the garden area on the left.  Much calmer and more easy going, I prefer that section over the other.  Beers are reasonably priced and you can get pitchers too.  My cousin said they have great wings but I wasn't thinking about food at the time; just boozing up.  If I'm there next time I'll give it a try.

It was likely crowded due to the NFL draft being held as there were a lot of NFL jerseys walking around.  But aside from the one drunkass, people were reasonably friendly.  Maybe Philadelphians aren't so bad after all.
Great atmosphere, but they are definitely still working out all the kinks here. The food was decent, but we waited about 45 minutes for a pitcher of beer. We were understanding that they had just opened and such, but that is a long time.. I wish the waitress had just told us to order cans/bottles because they would come out quicker. 

I will definitely go back in a month or so and hopefully they will have things more sorted out.
I had high hopes for this place - I work right across the street and would pass by at lunch and look and the setting of the fire pits, ping pong table and shuffle board.  I thought - cool - fun place.  

Finally - I asked a friend to meet me after work.  First - too many young folks and tourists - so hence the ridiculous markup on drinks and below average food.  I know it's an outdoor setting, but the beer and water were warm - not a good start!!  

It went downhill from there with the food being just "ok".  I wouldn't return, nor would I recommend until they improve the menu and offer more daily specials.
I went to the Independence Beer Garden with two girlfriends while spending the day in Philadelphia. Unfortunately, it was a hot day so it wasn't too comfortable in regard to weather. I wish the beer garden had more fans around instead of just having one behind the bar. 

Aside from the heat, we were served quickly and everything was made exactly how we ordered it! I had a Philly Cheesesteak (obviously) with light onions and it was absolutely delicious. The bread was soft, the steak was juicy, and the cheese was amazing. We also ordered a few appetizers to split and I could not stop eating the french fries! 

Upon leaving the joint, we noticed games like corn-hole and shuffleboard in the back that we wish we would have realized were there earlier. I would definitely come back in the evening to hang out with friends and play a few games with a beer in hand.
Why is this place only 3 outta 5 stars? I wish they had these kinda places in the DMV! My boyfriend & I came across this place after doing some touristy stuff around the area.
To our convenience this place was located right across the liberty bell center. At first, I was kinda confused as to where to sit. Turns out it was all self seating. The beer selection is lovely, Lots of IPAs and craft beer. We got a pitcher of the organic pumpkin ale which was DELICIOUS. We got an order of wings & onion rings. Let me tell you the wings were outta this world - hands down the best buffalo wings I've ever had ! The homemade buffalo sauce had some heat but wasn't overwhelming. It also had FLAVOR to it other than just a strong buffalo taste, & the cucumber ranch just brought everything together. They didn't skimp on the wings either, 6 to an order and fairly large. 

Overall, the atmosphere is great & it's a great place to hang out. We didn't get a chance to play but they had cornhole, giant Jenga, shuffle board & ping pong in the back :)
Came on busy 4th of July late afternoon, eventually greeted by an exhausted server who was seen running back and forth, yet constantly updating us on every detail - what was taking so long, when he would be with us, what he was doing while he was gone, excellent communication with his customers. Also love the rustic look that is kept constant even in the trailer bathrooms.

Drinks: Had some limited edition Liberty Bell IPA, was pretty solid. Sold on the fact that it was limited edition. Good selection of craft beers, wish there were beers with higher ABV content though.

Food: came hungover already so I wanted to eat everything. had the bacon cheeseburger, and split the fried pickles and Mac and cheese. Also tried a bite of the spicy shrimp roll. The best thing I tried was the fried pickles, the best I've had! Complemented everything else nicely. The portion sizes are also well worth the price, $5 for Mac and cheese that's a "side portion" it absolutely was not a side portion, which makes it great to share. I couldn't finish my burger either because it was huge.

Activities: they have ping pong tables, that hacky sack game (name?) and giant Jenga. They also have games featured on their drop down screens. 

Overall: such a great time, would love to come back here.
This place is a home run with super cheap happy hour, great service, and cool ambiance to rest in for a moment after a long day of historical tours.  $3 beers and fried pickles? Yes please!
Beer gardens are a thing in Philly, and I'm here for it. This one is conveniently located across the street from the Liberty... if you're a tourist, and it's the right season, I recommend stopping by!

I LOVED their selection of beers! Fun to see so many West Coast options.

There are a smattering of games about, and a back bar/TV which gets crazy when any of the Philly teams are playing. There's also some tables all the way to the back next to where you can order food. Entering/exiting was drama-free, and no cover charge. Restrooms for women were super easy (a shorter line for us that the men... so strange!)

It was SUPER crowded, although admittedly we were here later in the day on a Saturday (5/5/18). I didn't try the food, but I've heard it's good.
Freaking love IBG. Sentimental spot for us, but one of the best spots for cocktails/beer/always delicious snacks and meals. I love every area they have up year round but it was fun seeing the cabin area recently before it goes away for the spring! I recommend making a reservation ahead of time because they're always busy. I almost always order a Gin Jawn cocktail and the fried cauliflower is a must. Already can't wait for the next trip over!
I absolutely loved the atmosphere here! I was in philly for a long weekend, we found independence beer garden our first night and ended up back there our second because we liked it so much! The beer is good but nothing special, what makes this place amazing is the atmosphere. 

It was huge, all outside, with twinkle lights everywhere. There were picnic tables, some with jenga on them which is fun, circles of Adirondack chairs, and little tables. The variety was nice because there was a spot for any mood. They also had bocce ball which was so much fun! I loved having the games to play while drinking, it made for a really good time. 

I highly recommend this place to anyone 21+ because there's something for everyone! If I'm ever back in philly I will be back!
Had a great time at the Independence Beer Garden a few weeks ago! It was a little chilly but nice to be outside. The service was great and the atmosphere was fun. Lots of open seating options. We ordered the salad, wings and pretzel bites, all were really good. The cocktail list had a lot of fun options, but they were out of every single cocktail except one, this was probably due to it being the last open weekend for the season. I'd love to come back next year when it's warmer and they have the full cocktail menu available.
Our group decided to check out this new place last night, and I am definitely a fan! I love the atmosphere! It is very relaxing and a great place to just hang out with your friends on a nice night out in Philly. There are actually a few places to sit. Claiming a table near the bar might be a little hard if you have a large group, but there are other seating areas around the place. The lighting is perfect and adds a very chill ambiance. We just ordered pitchers of beer, so I didn't get to try any of the other drinks. I didn't try any of the food either, but next time!

There are games you can play, and on a crowded night like yesterday, it might take a while to claim your turn. There's ping pong, giant jenga, shuffleboard, and cornhole. Definitely a very fun environment to be in, and everyone is really friendly. Check it out! I'll be coming back :)
Well, this is a rather biased review since I literally work right next to IBG, I can literally see it from our office windows, jealously glaring at customers as they drink while we drone away at work.  

Only open during late spring and summer, I'm fascinated that they were able to repurpose this section of Philly and revitalize this area in such a manner.  It really does bring a jolt of energy to this typically drab government-focused district of Philly.  

This is the staple place for me and my coworkers.  Always great beer options, games to play, and snacks.  This place gets packed and seats get taken fast, they don't let you reserve seats, so get there early to mark you territory.
A bar/restaurant that's outside in the middle of town? For drinking beer, cocktails, and killing time, this place works. They also have outdoor games: Cornhole, ping pong, and Connect Four to name a few. Snack bar food is also available, but we passed on it.

There was a decent crowd there Friday evening. It was a great place to people watch and we took advantage of Connect Four! There is also a back area near the restrooms. It's hidden. If you don't want to be around the games/crowd then you should definitely seek it out.

I have 2 complaints about this place. The first complaint was the first bar we went to here. My companion tried to make small talk with the bartender. What an awkward, rude, and sorry excuse for a person... she wasn't pleasant at all(I'll spare you the details). Aside from being rude, she also made us think that each bar around the place had the same amount of options to choose from. Her little area had 5 or 6 options. Another bar literally 20 yards away had three times the amount of options along with food and cocktails!

Complaint number 2: A restroom attendant? You can call me a peasant if you must, but I don't get it. I don't need someone to hand me a napkin to dry my hands. I don't need someone to turn the water on for me or flush. Furthermore, I'm not tipping you for a basic human act that should be private. I take a restroom break...especially at a bar...for a moment of peace, relief, and to get away from a loud crowd. If this was a nice fancy place, I could let it pass. This is an outdoor beer garden! You don't need a bathroom attendant!

If you've spent the day in the area and need a beer or ten, then check it out. Don't depend on one of the bars in the beer garden for your beers because you might be missing out. Make a visit to each of them and decide what you're drinking accordingly.
Independence Beer Garden is one of the most versatile summer establishments in Old City. It's great for an outdoor lunch, where you can rub elbows with tourists and business people, but the happy hour and late night crowds are robust almost to the point of stifling.

Beers will run you about $6 a glass, and cocktails around $10. Their selection is heavy on local, seasonal beer, and the cocktails are very light and refreshing (think gimlets and fizzy drinks). The star of the food menu is the lamb sandwich; big chunks of grilled lamb swim in a light pesto sauce and tzatziki. The pita is enormous and well up to the task of holding all of the meat. A side of the fries (perfectly golden-brown and salty) completed the meal.

Lawn games make the evening pass by in good fun, and the outdoor factor means I keep coming back. Conveniently, a large amount of the square footage is under cover, so if a summer squall pops up, you can shelter until it passes.
Cool spot for Happy Hour and enjoying time with friends! It's located right next to Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell, so while you are exploring the city you can easily stop in for a drink. Plus, it is outdoors and the employees are taking the proper precautions to keep you safe during the pandemic. To my pleasant surprise they have Happy Hour on Saturdays until 8pm, where you can get select beers, wine, and appetizers for half off. We ordered a few rounds of Yingling, seasoned popcorn, pretzel bites, fried pickles and cauliflower. The fried cauliflower and pretzel bites were my favorite. Both came with your choice of dipping sauce on the side, but they were also delicious without anything on them. They come in small containers though, so keep that in mind if you plan on sharing with a larger group. In addition to the food, I really liked the setup they have for the menu where everything is ordered and paid for using the website, so it's easy and safe.
Definitely where the party is at! This was our fourth (and last) stop on a Friday night and it was probably the most packed of everywhere we'd been. It's all outside, although some parts are covered, and it's pretty huge.

On one side there's a bar or two, tables and a beer pong table under pretty lights. On the other side there's another bar or two, more tables, and more places to hang out. It's a bit hard to find seating with the crowds. Also the bars are pretty crowded so you may have to wait to get a drink, but there are a lot of servers that walk around that will probably serve you. They also card you at the entrance so you don't have to keep pulling your card out every time you order a drink.

It's probably better for groups, as we've noticed that most people came with one. My boyfriend and I both enjoyed the Goose Island IPA and my cousin enjoyed a mixed drink. It's a great looking place, but with not enough seating there isn't much to do except stand around. Also, the unusual L or Z-shaped layout kind of makes it feel like 3 small bars instead of one big beer garden.
Nothing special. The drinks are overpriced and it gets too crowded for my taste. The employees did a good job despite the crowd. I'll try it again after the hype dies down. Maybe I'll have a better experience.
I have been coming to this beer garden for a couple years now. Great location as I can catch the train quite easily. I love how its somewhat beach themed ( the sand ), camping ground (half tree stumps for seats). They have decent beers on tap ( not everything is available) and the service is good. There are some cool games around like Jenga( read the instructions on each block) connect four, checkers/chess, etc. There are several parts of the beer garden spread out around the building so check it out. Also, for it to be a beer garden with a lot of visitors, the bathroom are extremely clean. Service is great here too.
Worse service ever. Bartender gave the wrong change and when I called him out on it they kicked me out...thanks for robbing me!
Went for drinks and dinner with a friend and was really dissatisfied. The ability to sit outdoors and not be on the street plus the company were the two redeeming qualities of the evening. 

The drinks were so so and very inconsistent. We ended up with two servers, one which was ok and the other who just kept saying how unacceptable it was that our food was taking so long, or how unacceptable the wait was for him to bring us water. I got the feeling that he utters the word unacceptable all the time with regard to wait times and his service. Anyhow, the mahi mahi tacos were very over cooked and pretty lame overall. The chips were ok but the guacamole serving was minuscule. The cheese curds were also just ok but dripping in grease, I mean fried cheese, how wrong can it be? 

If you feel like you just have to try it out as I did, just go for a drink and choose somewhere else for food. This city is full of too many beautiful places to drink and dine that there is no reason to suffer with poor food and so-so service. I wish I had listened to the other reviews I read and just ate elsewhere.
Where's the love for this place? Maybe we went on opposite day, but we had a lovely time here.

Fresh off seeing the Liberty Bell, we were drawn in by the fabulous patio that snakes its way around the building. Rustic and industrial, it's an unusual contrast against the stuffy office building it is attached to. We were immediately seated at a picnic table stocked with Jenga and Connect Four. There are other types of chairs an tables, greenery blocking the out some of the city sights and sounds, and cute lights strung along the steel I-beams that frame the beer garden. It doesn't feel like you're in Philly or a city at all.

I ordered the ginger radler, while my friends had beer and whiskey. The radler was ok, not as good as I was expecting. I probably wouldn't order it again. They have a decent beer list, their cocktail list is ok, but they do need to build out their wine offerings a bit more.

This was a perfect little excuse to get out of the hot sun and relax for a bit. If you're near Independence Hall, check it out.
Sooo we were at the beer garden for happy hour. Everyone and everything was great. Until at 645 this two big guys came over to the bar area and took our stools/chair.  Because it gets "to crowed" well don't put chairs on the first place !! It was super rude. People were eating and now they need to stand to eat?!  BAD SO BAD
I've been here twice now, and I've had two completely different experiences.

The first time I went was on a Tuesday for a friend's birthday. It wasn't very busy, but we still had terrible service. The waitress was nowhere to be found, and when she was around, she was very rude. We weren't a large group- probably 6 people. Nevertheless, the food was amazing. The cheese curds are the bomb. I also really liked the pretzel bites and the sliders. All of these food items are super cheap on happy hour until 7. They have a good beer selection. Since it wasn't too crowded on a Tuesday, we were able to play all of the games. They have connect four, corn hole, shuffle board, and Jenga. It's definitely a fun place for a birthday party. 

The second time I went was this past Friday. This time, the staff was wonderful! Our waiter was very at tentative and checked on us frequently. I ordered the double decker burger and it was awesome. Very juicy and cheesy! The games were a little harder to get to because it was a Friday, but it was a ton of fun!
The ambiance of this spot is fun and trendy, yet obviously there are better watering holes to be had in the city. But that being said it is a fun summertime hangout and I enjoyed my time here. 
I went on a Saturday night so it was definitely packed and crazy. Thankfully we scored a table, because it would not have been a fun night at all standing up and juggling our beers. 
The service was kinda spotty since they are way understaffed. The beer garden could stand to hire a few more more waiters as they were not always easy to find.
The beers were very overpriced, but that was to be expected I suppose. But $12 for a cup of cider is cray. 
The beer list and little food menu are varied and has something for everyone. I was thrilled to see my favorite IPA on the list and stuck to that all night. 
Where it kinda falls apart for me is the ignorant security staff. As soon as the clock strikes 2am the guards scream at patrons to leave. Kinda puts a damper on your night, getting screamed at in the face. I can understand not serving any more beer after 2am but for christ's sake give me a minute to finish it and leave! It is very obvious that they just wanted to get home. 
Although I would go back, it's not my favorite spot and I wouldn't go out of my way to go again.
The good:

Nice atmosphere, young professional crowd, especially happy hour, good beer selection.

The bad:

Service terrible. Be prepared to wait an hour or more for your food order. Too few wait staff to serve the crowd. 

The conclusion

Get your drinks at the bar, eat elsewhere.
I'm a big fan of frequenting beer gardens throughout the city and independence is definitely my favorite! I love how much space there is and even when it is crowded like on a Saturday afternoon you are able to find a place to sit with a group. They have a great selection of craft beers and snacks and the service is always very good. They have a big selection of games to play so you won't get bored spending the whole afternoon/evening there. Definitely a 5-star place, looking forward to many more good times here throughout the season!
This place will definitely be on top of my list of places to go with a big group. We went to celebrate a friend's birthday and discovered this was one of the places listed under CCD SIPS. 

Seating:
Finding a table for a big group could be a hit or miss but there are tall tables that groups of 5 can stand around.
Servers are usually all around the place taking orders so make sure they know when you decide to move to a table you may find. They are also super attentive and organized despite the number of people.

Food/ Drinks:
I wasn't quite impressed by the choices. We ordered several plates of Crispy Cauliflower(was my favorite) Onion rings, Fries, Cheesesteak from the happy hour menu. 
Decent collection of beer and wine.

Games:
Jenga, Ping Pong, Cornhole, Shuffleboard.

Restroom:
A whole section for this because it can be a long wait. Make sure to check if they have rolls in because some were disappointed to find none lol. There's a person who gives them out so check before you use.

Overall a great place to spend time after work. Will definitely come back here!
Thanks to all you Daniel Boone's and Ponce de León's who braved this new world during the first week of grand-opening. I read all your reviews and had an idea as to what to expect...I went-in with a positive mindset. I did observe/experience some of the same kinks you did.  I think they are all fixable in time.

I like that this garden is within easy walking distance of  8th and market SEPTA train station.  This place is huge, the garden handsomely wraps around the Dow Chemical building. 

I noticed they have three different entrances to the beer garden. Only one of the entrances has a host/greeter station. So, it would be nice to have some simple signage that indicates 'please seat yourself'. Or, a 'please see the greeter ' sign. 

Ambiance: You have a covered-pavilion section (with a bar), another section of communal benches (with a bar) and another area with Adirondack Chairs/fire-pits (I'm sure those seats will be coveted during the cooler September and October  months). The string-lights make this place look cozy/chill at nighttime, nice! 

Food/Beer:  I think the pricing for both food and beer is reasonable. As far as food, I believe the quality  could/should be so much better. None of the food was remarkable. Even the pretzel bites were mushy...you gotta at least get that right at a Beer Garden, no? (they need to ask the Alla Spinna restaurant for their pretzel recipe). Overall, I think the beer selection is good. I found that beer-cans seem to be the way-to-go here (for now). They are nicely chilled and it was the quickest way to get beer in my hand. (the Narragansett Lager was an enjoyable session beer for me, they were going down super smooth!). 

Service: I didn't experience any problems, guess it depends on what day/time. 

So glad to have this beer garden in the area. I hope the food improves next year.
Personal favorite go to beer garden in the city. The apps are great and the beer selection is really good. It always a good idea to go with big group as they have the seating options.
Very popular and crowded, but we love coming here during the warmer months. The drink selection is great, the atmosphere is great, the option for lawn games is a plus (if you can find one available). They have a small food menu, and the food won't fill you up, but they make for delicious mid-day snacks between lunch and dinner when you are spending a day in the City.
Gotta love my new home Philadelphia for it's many offerings of to-do's at any given time! My husband and I woke up on Saturday 4/21/2018 wondering what to get into? the sun was out, peoples buns were out, hey, it's gonna be a good day! a quick google search brought me right to the Independence Beer Garden so we hopped in an Uber and made our way over, it was PACKED! a first sign of probable good things to come, I noticed right away that there was a wonderfully varied mix of people there, I saw families with young kids, College students, Older folks and even some who looked like they'd made their way over after a FULL night of partying! there were games in the back (I saw corn hole almost immediately) lots of Adirondack chairs and many tables with benches, it was open seating and people were sitting all together and my first thought was "this is a perfect way to meet your neighbs!" we sat at one of the tables and was soon joined by a group from North Jersey, we had great conversation and my husband loved the beer choices! A Waiter soon came to the tables and served us there, we were given food and drink menus so I ordered a bacon cheese burger and my husband ordered the fish tacos, a lot of times, places like this don't always get the food right but they did! my burger was delish, perfect temperature and also the perfect size for an afternoon outside! my husband had nothing but crumbs left so one can only assume that his tacos weren't too shabby either! We'll be back for sure, probably enough to be on a first name basis :)
Independence Beer Garden has been such a nice addition to Philly these past few years. We never had a ton of outdoor options and this is a great one with long tables, games, and a little greenery, and I think it pushed other bars to follow suit. It wraps around the entire courtyard of an office building and each little section has different type of seating.

However, the beer is overpriced for the tiny cups and seems to get warm quickly. The food is also just so-so. But it delivers on a fun casual atmosphere outside which is what a lot of people are looking for.
Absolutely massive beer garden that more or less started the trend a few years back. It's not as "Natural" as others, being largely within the walkways of a corporate building, but it has a huge area with plenty of seating and coverage, as well as a large games area with bags, full size shuffleboard, ping pong, and large checker sets. I'm not aware of any discernable specials, but there was a decent beer and spirits selection.
One of my new favorite restaurants! The food was delicious! The onion rings must be the best onion rings I've ever had. I also LOVED the crispy cauliflower and fries. The price might be too much for some but I thought it was reasonable given the location & quality. I love the ordering system during COVID: you just scan a QR code at your table, order & pay on your phone, & they bring it to you. My only recommendation is to add descriptions & alcohol content to the menu for beers! I kind of expect this at brewery's by now and felt that I had no idea what I was getting when ordering by name alone. This is just a small suggestion and overall I cannot recommend this place enough.
So many mice everywhere. They live on those wooden/steel separations. It's pretty gross. The bartenders weren't very nice and the price for the amount of food we got was pretty sad. But really, the mice.
Myself and some co-workers went for lunch. It's seat yourself so you have a choice of being outside on the patio or under Dow Chemical in the shade. Hostess was pleasant and polite. 

We arrived around 12:10. Plenty of seating and tables were very clean. Our waiter was also very polite and attentive. 

I ordered the steak and fries which was cooked to the temp I requested. Fries were fresh, well seasoned, and had a good crunch to them. Steak was juicy and seasoned well. Overall everyone was satisfied with their food. 

4 of us shared a pitcher of beer for $18. Which served 5-6 glasses. I definitely would like to go back and try some more on the weekend. 

There was a minor problem with the server who was helping our waiter. He bought our food over, but was confused when he got to us. I would say that was the only thing that didn't go smoothly.

I probably wouldn't order the steak and fries again for lunch. I would order something below $10. 

Overall the lunch experience was great. I really would like to come back at night with some friends. 

Other notable things: 
Parking - they have a garage for parking right at the building. Not sure what the prices are ,but it's pretty convenient. Located very close to 8th and market if you're taking the train.
Entertainment - I saw 2 ping pong tables, bean bag toss, and a massive screen for sports, go phillies :( .
This is such a great use of space.  I rarely find myself over there, but decided to check it out on a pretty Sunday.  I found the garden much larger than I anticipated but that also seemed to spread the staff pretty thin.  It wasn't overly busy or crowded but it seemed the bartenders were a little short staffed.  It was tough to pay for drinks, so your better off leaving your tab open or bringing cash if you plan on being there a while.  We didn't eat, but they give you numbers when you order your food so the runners can deliver wherever you end up.  I like the fact that it's a very mellow atmosphere.  People seem to come and go as they please, and with so much seating it's easy to find or grab a spot.  I'm not sure what they are doing with it in the winter but I hope to see it next summer.
Atmosphere: 5 stars!
I spotted the beer garden from across the street and immediately wanted to visit! It certainly looks inviting and cozy. There are tables to eat at, several different 'areas' including a dining only section, and bar area with community dining tables, bar area, and game area standing tables. Games like cornhole and giant connect four. There is also a hidden area on the way to the bathrooms...cozy seating, cover bar area. I wish we had found this part sooner! I would have liked to sip on my drink back here.

Drinks: 4 stars!
I got the Peach Shandy drink, and it was a little small. But it was certainly tasty! I wish I had known there were Happy Hour deals! (BTW....there's a happy hour...get on it!) Because we were there during that magic time. But I didn't see anything about it until much later as we were getting ready to leave. And it was listed on the food menu, not the drink menu at the bars. So the drinks were good, but pricey.


Service: 2 stars :-(
The first bartender we interacted with ruined this for them. And it left a distinctly negative taste in our mouths. After getting our 21+ bracelets, we walked up to the line-free bar (probably should have been an indication, considering how very busy it actually was there...) 
I am a friendly, chatty person, and I make it a habit to ask for recommendations when trying a new-to-me place. And since there wasn't a line behind us, I figured it would be fine to do that with the bartender. She was very rude and short with me. Completely uninterested in answering any questions about any of the beers or offerings. Never smiled. I mean, work sucks sometimes, I get it. But you are in a service position and you are making me want to leave. 
The beer list I could see was very short and very domestic, maybe 5 on tap and 4 in cans. Considering we were at a BEER GARDEN, I asked if every bar at the venue was serving the same menu. She said yes, that was all they had. So we sort of ordered when I realized she only had a register and no card reader. I asked if the beer garden was cash only. She replied that yes, it absolutely was cash only and there was an ATM over there. So we walked away feeling a little disappointed about the whole situation but determined to enjoy ourselves. I got cash from the ATM and decided to check out the other bar (which is what is redeeming the service stars from 1 to 2...) They were busy and bustling. Not exactly friendly, but leaps and bounds more approachable than the first woman. And they were efficient, so the wait for the drinks was maybe around 5 minutes. AND they had at least 3x as many beers, a cocktail list and bourbon! UGH!! That first bartender...I honestly hope that they DO NOT pool tips.
Also, I hate that they have bathroom attendants! Fancy pants places....fine. Have attendants. But the restrooms here are IN SHIPPING CONTAINERS. And the women's at least, have little to no lighting in the stall (the one I used was nearly pitch black!). It was so SO hot in there, hotter than the outside, despite a fan. So the attendant was there to block the doorway, tell us the hot water was hot (no....really?!) and to give us paper towels *after* we had already left the facilities and passed the trash cans.
Overall, service for non-diners left a lot to be desired.

Maybe if I had entered from the other side and not visited that first bar....and not had to use the toilets...
I am glad we went, and it made me wish ReSurfaced in my home town was open right now, but I would not be back if I was still in the area.
Most excellent beer garden and food.  Situated next to the liberty bell, independence hall and right off Market street.  This is a little oasis in the urban jungle.   Great happy hour prices with gear food truck like food.  We had their daily drink special and draft beer.  Ice cold and delicious.  The food was a great bargain at 3 bucks per item. We had hummus with fresh vegetables and the fried pickle chips.  Very, very good.  The place is thick with families, hipsters, couples and it all works as there are many seating areas.   Ping pong tables, bocci ball, checker boards, shuffle board and corn hole sets ring the property.  Jenga games are on the tables.  Much laughter and goodness going on.  A must do when in philly.
