Complicated review here. Just the two of us this go around. Philly was sweltering, much more humid than the west coast. We had reservations and were seated quickly. Place was empty, maybe 5 tables taken.

Upon our seating, our very nice server sold us on the 6 course Pre Fix. Neither of us had much of an idea of what to order or expect. We have had poor experiences with Indian Food in the past, however we wanted to try at a higher level of eatery before we closed the doors forever to eating this type of food. 

I think the quality of the ingredients, the staff, the portions, the ambiance was top notch.
The other person joining me loved the meal. But for a few exceptions, Please understand, I realize there is a difference between a quality meal which this was, and me just hating the tastes. I'll list the courses. And my ending of this challenging meal.

Started with some sort of cold soup. - to me it was ok. The other person said it tasted like vomit.
Fried Spinach Salad - Fantastic texture and taste! Simply marvelous, Both of us loved it.
Seared Scallops,- Over cooked by a hair, not seared properly. Very sweet Sauce inedible. The other person liked it. Here take mine.
Lolly POP of a Lamb Rib with a Small Chicken Breast. - To me inedible, tangy and very spicy. Chicken was in a spicy Coconut Chutney. The other person loved it, I hated it. The Naan Bread which came with it sucked.
Pork Shank with a roasted Potato. To me inedible. Other person enjoyed it.

Dessert was Fig Ice Cream Drizzled with Honey. I hated it, Inedible, Too sweet. The other person enjoyed it.

I think this type of food is not for everyone. I gave it an honest shot.Never again will I eat Indian Food I did not enjoy it from start to finish.  I didn't eat anything but for the one fantastic salad course.

I think evaluating the experience honestly is to say, if you like Indian Food, you probably will very much enjoy this place. However I won't be joining you. 
I rather eat my own throw up
Came here for the lunch special menu a little while back. I didn't know what to expect because the place looks tiny from the outside, but surprisingly a pretty nice size and BEAUTIFUL on the inside. I love the dim-like mood and all the cultured decor. 
The tables are small, but plenty of elbow room. I ordered the super yummy and crispy spinach chaat with the baby spinach, shallots, chopped tomatoes, sweet yogurt, and tamarind date chutney. 
So simple yet so darn good! The texture on the spinach is perfectly crisp. The other food like the chicken naan pizza and the samosas were good, but not as memorable as the crispy spinach. I'd come back over and over just for that and I sure will be soon as possible! 

#knockonwood
IndeBlue in Collingswood was my gateway restaurant into the world of Indian food. I'll never forget the first time I called for an order. I spoke with Heather, who owns the restaurant along with her husband, Chef Rakesh Ramola, and she could not have been nicer or more helpful with answering my many - MANY - questions about the menu. On that day I ordered chicken vindaloo and from that day forward, I was hooked.

I enjoyed a nice long love affair with IndeBlue during my Collingswood days. But then I moved to Philly, and I have not found Indian that comes close to the deliciousness of IndeBlue. Until now, with IndeBlue's second location on 13th Street. Happy day! I'm just sorry it took me so long to get there. It won't be long before a return visit. 

We started with the spinach chaat, crispy spinach leaves topped with diced tomatoes, shallots and yogurt sauce. Super unique and very tasty. We also had the long hots stuffed with paneer. Entrees consisted of the chicken tikka masala, chicken korma and chicken biryani. All three were excellent. It was obvious how much I missed this food by the way I cleaned my entire plate (with the help of some fantastic garlic naan for swiping up the last of the sauce). I washed everything down with two lychee martinis which were made exactly to my liking (slightly sweet but not too sweet). 

I was too stuffed for dessert but changed my mind when we were generously treated to a sampling. There was a fantastic dessert with sticky fried doughnuts and cinnamon ice cream, plus some flavorful sorbets, but my favorite was the mango panna cotta with honey and crushed pistachios. Tons of flavor but still light. 

The pretty decor makes this the perfect spot for a date or a night out with friends. I look forward to my next visit!
The spicy chicken and waffles were a hit. I found the balance of flavors meshed well and the chicken wasn't dry. The spicy blended sauce was light yet flavorful. Our sever was efficient, engaging and pleasant. I really loved the rose mimosa. The brunch menu is vast considering the restaurant expertise is Indian Cuisine. My dining partner built their own omelette of which they loved.

I found the decor spectacular! Beautiful earth tones and the many intricate pieces of art were absolutely stunning. The restaurant remained spotless the 1 1/2 hours I was there.  This restaurant has a staff constantly moving and keeping things in order. 

I will definitely give Indeblue another try during the week.
My husband and I are on a mission to support some of our favorite local businesses during this very trying time, while also finding a balance with cooking at home and keeping our diets relatively healthy. Weekends are when we've been treating ourselves to time off from cooking and cleaning, and we chose to end our weekend with a massive takeout order from IndeBlue. 

We saw on social media that IndeBlue was offering 25% off for takeout orders placed directly with them over the phone. I called and spoke with the nicest employee who gave feedback on our choices and even threw in some complimentary rice pudding! 

My husband swung by on his bike for the pick up, and I was very impressed by how nice everything looked when he got home. We ordered: crispy cauliflower, vegetable samosas, crispy spinach chaat (a longtime favorite!), sea bass entree, shrimp moilee, paneer tikka masala, and a double order of naan. Our intention was to have enough for at least two meals and we definitely accomplished that. 

Everything was delicious, as always. I can't wait to enjoy our leftovers (and another night off from cooking and cleaning!) for dinner tonight. Definitely think of IndeBlue if you're craving really fantastic Indian food!
If you are apprehensive about trying Indian food, then this restaurant is the best place to try the new cuisine! I came here with a larger group and some were new to Indian food. The waitress helped us the entire time with the menu, made some great suggestions, and all of us left more than satisfied! 

The Indian food here is delicious! Definitely worth going here if you have a larger group (4+) and trying the chef's tasting menu! Everything is served family style and you get to hand select several different food entrees for each course. The tasting menu comes with 4 courses! And is very reasonably priced compared to other tasting menus. The larger the group, the more plates you get per course.

My first time here, I came with a group of 5. We were able to pick 3 appetizers, two 2nd courses, 3 entrees, and 3 desserts. It was SO much food! We could barely touch our entree and took doggy bags of the main course home. Here is what we ordered:

First course
-  crispy cauliflower: one order was large enough for all five of us. Nice and lightly spicy, with the perfect crunch. Would definitely order again!
- shrimp Koliwada roti taco: a definite MUST! They brought out five tacos so everyone could have their own. It is filling as a first course, and completely unique item compared to other Indian restaurants.
- vegetable samosa chaat: a traditional item, that they do absolutely right. Probably one of my favorite things I ate for the meal

Second course
- we ordered the noorani shrimp and chicken tikka chipotle. They were both delicious, but probably my least favorite part of the meal. Next time, I plan on skipping this and saving room for the 3rd course! 

Third course 
- We ordered chicken masala, mashooq, and we're able to order the boondi vegetable raita as an entree! By this point we were all SO full, but managed to do a tasting of the remaining foods. By far my favorite was the mashooq! 
Highly recommend to anyone! 

Dessert
- we ordered 3 desserts, all very unique. He pear dessert was one of my favorites but all is worth a bite.

I have to say that the ambience is delicate, it's a great place for a small group, or intimate setting but also has the capabilities of entertaining a larger group! I would suggest making a reservation even for smaller groups.
I really can't go to deep with this review seeing I was only in here for about a hour. Shocking I know, I'm usually giving full descriptive reviews on how enjoyed my time in places.

With that being said I want to thank Sari A. for bringing me here to IndeBlue, and introducing me  to their wings. Holy wings!  Get the wings is all I'm gonna say. Well I am going to say a little more in this review, but their wings are on point!  

Now I will admit I have tried a few Indian dishes, and I haven't been impressed with any of them. Maybe it has been the places I've been to ,or maybe I ordered the wrong dishes in the past.  I do go in an open mind, giving everyone a chance mind you, so maybe I need to come back and peruse the menu, go a little deeper. I did also try their pizza, well Sari forced it onto me, and even that tasted good.  

A great cozy atmosphere,with an impressive menu to raise an eyebrow or two. IndeBlue also has some well concocted cocktails being made that would have the libation gods giving you the thumbs up.  

I now know why this is  Sari`s "Dojo" , her spot to go to if you just want to enjoy authentic dishes or even a cocktail. IndeBlue is on point, so go in and enjoy yourself.
Finally!!!!! Philadelphia has an amazing Indian restaurant in Center City. (EKTA you're great but you're in No-lib)

This is the best indian I've had in the city and actuallly it can be in the argument with really good Indian restaurants in the region. 

A few things. This is not your traditional indian restaurant. This is extremely modern and Indeblue has done what no other Indian restaurant has ever done. Make curry sexy! its really hard to describe but you just have to try it out for yourself and let me know if you agree with me or not. 

Ok enough of my rant. I started off with the Spinach Chaat, which was so different but tasted exactly how a good chaat should taste. The Spinach is baked (I think) with spices and probably oil to give it a really crispy texture. Piled on top of the spinach is a wonderful combination of everything chaat. Moving on, scallops were the bomb, I could never imagine scallops in a sambar base tasting as glorious as it did, what a pleasantaly surprising dish. Shrimp, amazing, super super fresh like it just came out of the water fresh in a spicy tomato based blend. Chicken kebab, Spicy very Spicy but super tender and delicious. 

I can't talk about this anymore. Its frustrating me that I'm not there and I'm on my computer salivating.
*********SIX STAR REVIEW - SIX STAR REVIEW***********

So I crossed my wires for restaurant week and ended up here this past Tuesday. Heck we love this place so a chance to go two weeks in a row is no biggie. We arrived at happy hour and sat at the bar with the handsome Cory, creator of their drink menu. Cory was the perfect host that evening, he chatted with us, drinks came quickly, and he was attentive without being intrusive. Two stars right there for service. 

We started with a few happy hour snacks, the drums of heaven, Dahi Avacado Chaat, and the crispy spinach Chaat. These three dishes immediately reminded me of the problem of eating at Indeblue. You just want more. You never want the dish to end! The Dahi were cool and refreshing on this 99 degree day. The spinach Chaat was so good it was almost a fight with my guest over the bowl. We discussed ordering another but as we knew more food was coming we held off.

The drums of heaven were primarily my dish, with my guest ordering a bowl of the corn cilantro chowder. I can tell you if it wasn't so hot I would have had a bowl too. It is magnificent. The drums of heaven are always perfect. Crunch, savory, and just enough spice to leave the edges of your lips burning as you finish them. Quickly cooled off by one of the lemon basil cocktails. Yum!

I decided on the seafood moilee. When they say jumbo lump, they mean the size of your finger jumbo. The shrimp were *PERFECTLY* cooked. I add one star righht here for the shrimp. I honestly could not remember the last time I had shrimp prepared so perfectly in a restaurant, and I eat a lot of shrimp. The dish itself was incredible. A depth of flavor that made the seafood truly enchanting. I ate half to leave room for dessert and had the other half wrapped. I can't even tell you what my guest had as I was so entranced by the moilee.

For dessert I had the Duo of Figs. Decadent and rich, it's a good idea to split this one. I however, had only eaten half my entree so this portion was just enough to fill me up. We split a bottle of prosecca with dessert, and my guest lost his bet. He hates the texture of bananas. but insists he's never ever had a bad dish here, so I challenged him to order the banana nirvana. As he was the one who first had me try Indeblue and showed me how glorious indian food can be when properly cooked, I felt it appropriate.

The bananas came deep fried similar to how a plaintain would, covered with a salted caramel and then a cinnamon iced cream, they didn't stand a chance. The food gains another two stars for overall taste and perfection of flavor. Let me also say that rating includes how lovely the food is to the eye, as attention to plating is also something done very well here.

Oh, and the food comes out fast and hot, (or, as appropriate, cold). I wish they had opened the kitchen so we could watch the Chef cook, he must be a blur in action. 

That's 5 stars you say. Why six? Here's why. As we sat sipping the last of the prosecca, our sweet teeth sated and bellies full but not bloated, we listened to the live music. The stunning interior design, the amazing food, perfect service all came together and transported me far from the streets of Philadelphia. I realized the experience I was enjoying had only been rivaled in my travels overseas, or the very rare occasional opulence of a grande dame in some far away vacation spot. For a moment, everything was absolutely perfect, the days worries forgot, the world revolving around my guest and I. 

Six Stars. Perfect.
Welcome to Philly, IndeBlue. Not only do I have a location near home, I have one near work! The decor is, in a word, elegant. The cocktails, divine. Glasses are filled with a unique flavors and herbs. The food? Wow. The flavors of the meats, veggies, and spices make my mouth sing. The chutneys are sweet, savory, and delicate. The Drums of Heaven are mini bites of tandoori deliciousness. The lamb chops? Tender, spicy, flavorful, and perfectly cooked. So don't wait! Go now!
RE: the most amazeballs chicken and waffles I have EVER EATEN/endless brunch mimosas and a little bit of RICK ASTLEY

We're no strangers to love.
You know the rules and so do I
A full commitment's what I'm thinking of
You wouldn't get this from any other girl

I just want to tell you how I'm feelingggggggg
Gotta make you understand.
Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down
Never gonna run around and desert you
Never gonna make you cry, never gonna say goodbye
Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you

We've known each other for so long
Your heart's been aching but you're too shy to say it
Inside we both know what's been going on
We know the game and we're gonna play it
Aaaaaaaaand if you ask me how I'm feelinggggggg
Don't tell me you're too blind to see 

(swoon)
IndeBlue thoroughly succeeds in its delectable Indian fusion menu, enticing cocktail bar and classy ambiance. If you're looking for a unique menu that will tickle your tastebuds (and if you're a fan of Indian food), this is the place to go.

I showed up around noon and there was a bit of a wait for tables so I sat down and got comfortable at the bar. Ended up ordering the Vindaloo Egg Skillet and the Chicken Tikka Naan Pizza. The Vindaloo Skillet blew my tastebuds away. The fusion of the breakfast sausage, eggplant, potatoes and runny egg along with the curry was a match made in heaven. The naan pizza was also really good. You get a very subtle indian flavor on top of the cheesy goodness. 

I washed everything down with some whisky but now I wish I can go back and enjoy the mimosas. I watched the bartendar work tirelessly preparing each drink order between cocktails and a whole lot of mimosas flowing constantly to the various tables.

The bartendar who took food and drink orders for all the patrons seated at the bar inbetween making drinks for the entire restaurant deserves a bonus.  She kept her positive attitude and continued to be very attentive throughout my experience :)
I'd really love to come back to try their dinner service, but we were at the bar for HAPPY HOUR

bar snacks and cocktails for the happy hour menu
---indebluetini: refreshing mango drink, loved the cardamom
---spinach chaat: the reason my friend suggested indeblue, DELICIOUS flash fried spinach!
---crispy cauliflower: not too crispy but still good 
---chicken tikka dubona: a chicken tikka dip with papad chips, the chips were too frail to actually dip but paired well on the side 

NOTE: the bar is very small, there are probably less than 10 seats
Sophisticated, classy and wonderful are the words I'll use to describe my experience here at Indeblue. Those words describe the ambience as well as the food. Indeblue, I'm truly impressed!

I came here during restaurant week, and the scenery was slightly crowded, the lights were dim and there were candles on every table. I also noticed artsy paintings on the wall and just a overall eclectic setting and vibe.

Our waiter was very nice, he thoroughly went over the menu. We started off with an assorted cheese tray, which featured of course, cheese, grapes, these delicious tasting crackers, cashews and three different sweet spreads.

We also had the crispy spinach chaat, spiced chicken meatballs with basmati rice and naan bread for dinner. Lastly we had an assorted tray of small desserts. 

Everything was delicious here at Indeblue, the spices that they use on the food is divine. It's like a blend of sweet and savory.  I thoroughly enjoyed my time here, service was efficient and I can't wait to go back, especially to try those poutine fries and brunch!
What a great find, my bae took me here for my birthday. It's a great spot, we really liked the decor and dim lighting, a perfect spot for a date night or a dinner night with family. 

We tried their multi course meal and we were blown away by the food and service. We tried -

1) Crab Dosa and Fish Tacos for Apps
2) Shrimp Curry and Panner Masala, with assorted naans as entrees
3) Kulfi, Chocolate Mousse with tea as the last course

We really liked the flavor profile of our food, everything was really good but Crab dosa was my favorite, though we were hesitant to try dosa with seafood filing but it turned out to be really delicious.Our server was super nice and the service was extremely good. 

Thank you, IndeBlue for making my birthday special.
So amazing to have our favorite spot add another location!  Food here is up and above excellent, bordering on spectacular. Chef Rakeesh blends flavors and spices seamlessly and easily. Every bite, from their apps to their amazing chutneys are an experience not to be missed.  Philly is gaining a brilliant chef and soon to be hot spot.  We will be here again and again.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia! The food is superb. The service is attentive and seamless. The venue is elegant and beautiful, and the prices are uber-reasonable. Moreover, it caters not just to carnivorous diners, but to vegans and gluten-free acolytes alike. Yay!

I like to sample as much of a restaurant's offerings as I can. Indeblue's menu certainly encourages that. I'll typically get the smaller versions of two entrees, throw in an appetizer and naan bread, and order one of their homemade desserts. They also offer a tasting menu, which I highly recommend.

Since it's conveniently located near the Kimmel Center and other performance venues I like to frequent, I'll often come here for dinner. If I order before 7 pm, I've asked for my drink at Happy Hour prices even though my meal came from the dinner menu. Bear in mind that Happy Hour restarts at 9 pm! So indulge in a sumptuous meal, walk a few blocks to your performance, and return to Indeblue afterwards for a post-show drink.

It's a great place to bring a date, enjoy a pleasant business dinner, or have a nice evening out with friends.
If you have convinced yourself that "ethnic" food cannot be elegant, please step into IndeBlue and allow them to change your mind.

I had heard raves about the Collingswood Inde Blue for years and was thrilled to learn that the relatively new space on 13th Street was associated.  As our very helpful waiter explained, the downtown location is a little more upscale with more creative flair to the menu than the more traditional offerings in New Jersey.

I made a reservation to celebrate the big 3-5 with my husband at IndeBlue this past weekend and enjoyed one of the nicer meals out I have had in some time.  The space is beautifully decorated with a heavy (but not over-the-top) Indian vibe.  The lighting is dim and sparkly, but you can still read the menu and see your dinner date.  The drink menu had a nice selection of wines and beers, as well as some specialty cocktails that I look forward to trying.  I was correct in my guess that the ~50% table occupation by Indian people predicted  good things for the meal to come.

Our waiter was extremely friendly and informative as he went over the soup and salad "of the moment" and reviewed the options for doing the 5-course chef's menu, which we skipped on this visit.  We started the meal with complimentary amuse bouche portions of the spicy, but well-balanced chilled gazpacho, followed by appetizers of  seared scallops in coconut curry sauce and and intriguing arugula salad over watermelon with spiced cashews and candied ginger.  It was nice to start the meal with one heavier dish and one so very light and refreshing.  For entrees we shared the chicken tikka masala and the seafood moilee.  Both were outstanding, and each was served with a differently spiced rice side that perfectly suited them.  We wrapped up the meal by sharing the fig duo dessert - a fig blondie with a scoop of homemade fig ice cream.  I think that dessert has ruined Fig Newtons for me for life!  We were already planning what to order on our next trip before we even finished our meals.

The prices were not cheap, but very reasonable for the atmosphere and quality of the food.  If you are expecting the typical "vat of Indian food" portion sizes, you might be disappointed; however, for truly gourmet food I found them quite satisfying.  Many of the dishes are rich enough that a little goes a long way, and we had ample leftovers to take home.

I rarely give 5 stars on a first visit, but IndeBlue has really outdone themselves in filling a void for "Indian food as a nice meal" in a way that not even Palace at the Ben ever quite achieved.
So...I got to the restaurant for brunch, we sat down, had our first round of drinks (mimosa & chai sangria - v. delicious btw)...I was feeling good. 

We tried the "Drumsticks of heaven" for our appetizer. I felt like the batter was a bit much for me, but I still thought it was pretty good. 

Then we may have waited almost 30 minutes for our entrees to come out from the time we got our appetizers. THIS is where the one-star review comes from. 

I see a mouse scurrying from the kitchen to the front area of the restaurant and it disappears behind the closet door (idk what they store here in this little room). The waiters see it, the manager (I think he was a manager) sees it - they murmur amongst themselves. One waiter can tell that I just saw that rodent in the restaurant - we make eye contact...nobody says anything. Everyone gives each other a look and we move on.

I could NOT enjoy my meal after that. I obviously wasn't going to just make a scene so I ate the rest of my food and left.

I can't go back to a place where I saw mice. Sorry. Truly.
The happy hour is still going strong at Indeblue. The deals on food at the bar are a great value, and I love that this deal is also available on the weekend. 

My husband and I went for a Sunday night happy hour the day before Labor Day. We arrived about 15 minutes after opening, and we were the only ones there for the first half hour. We ordered off the happy hour bar menu. Unfortunately, drinks are are still disappointing and one dimensional. The Indebluetini is described as citrus vodka, mango purée, cardamom, and lemon. The mango juice dominates here, and I couldn't detect any other flavors. It also is served in a short tumbler glass instead of a martini glass which was surprising given the name. 

Food is still quite tasty, with lots of choices on the happy hour menu. It's easy to have an affordable light snack or even make a meal out of it by ordering multiple appetizers. The spinach chat is still wonderful and full of amazing crispy texture and sweet and sour flavor from the tamarind and yogurt. It's my husband's favorite dish at both Indeblue locations, so it's great they have it on special for the happy hour. Personally, I am drawn to the paneer stuffed long pepper in a peppery tomato based sauce. I actually ordered two of these last time because I got greedy. The samosas are always a treat here, and the nan pizza is tasty and filling, and you have the option of chicken or paneer. 

Service was prompt and friendly as usual. If they would up their cocktail game, this could be a contender for best happy hour in the city. For now, the food is what keeps me coming back. At $3-$6 a plate for tasty bites, this is an excellent deal!
One of my favorite happy hours in the city (5-7 and then after 9, daily!). This place gets crowded around the bar, but it's not hard to snatch a seat or two if you have a small party. Intense physical proximity during peak hours doesn't make for the best heart-to-heart's (unless you opt for the quieter dining area), but it's great for delicious bites and strong drinks after work. 

Recommended noms:
Drums of heaven - these are so good! A bit spicier than expected but like firecrackers in your mouth. Great HH snack though beware as it gets messy. 
Lamb rogan josh (19) - delicious  lamb dish, rich in spices and flavor. Served with rice but great with their garlic naan. Split this with friend and we were very satisfied. 

Drinks:
Kingfisher lager - light and refreshing, complemented the meal well. 
Indebluetini - rich mango flavor! favorite. 
Rose gimlet - pretty and strong, but a bit lackluster in taste. 

Take advantage of their long happy hours to sample their menu and you won't be disappointed!
If there's one thing Philadelphia dining does exceptionally well, it's taking everyday food and turning it into something elegant and unusual.  That's why I had such high expectations for dinner at IndeBlue.  I was eager to witness the usual rice-n-curry turned up a few notches.

I joined a colleague here on a cold and drizzly Tuesday night.  It was a good thing we had reservations, since it was packed solid despite the bad weather and off night.  I was immediately taken in by its warm and inviting ambiance.

We started with a round of drinks -- the IndeBlueTini and a Rose Grapefruit Gimlet.  Both were fun and fruity and easy to drink, which helped lift the rainy-day blues.

For an appetizer, we shared the naan pizza.  (The toppings change on the reg, so be sure to ask the server what you're getting!)  Truthfully, I wasn't impressed by it.  I was hoping for some heat or spice, but it was disappointingly bland, and the cheese was rubbery and stringy.  It all seemed like a waste of perfectly good naan.

Our next appetizer, the aloo makkai tikki (corn and potato cakes with apple chutney) was tons better.  These crispy cakes were hot, flavorful, and all-around satisfying.

For the entree, we shared the chicken Madras with a side of basmati rice and garlic naan.  This dish was the most traditional item of the night, but it was packed with flavor and delicious spice.  Loved the combo of chili, mustard seed, coconut, and saffron.  When generously slathered on the rice or on a slice of naan, this dish brought me to Indian food heaven.

For dessert, we shared the chocolate sutra, which didn't seem like an Indian dish at all.  It was more like a flourless chocolate mousse cake with a few pistachios thrown on as an afterthought.  That said, it tasted superb.

Service was friendly throughout the night.  Each time we looked up, it seemed like there was a different server tending to our table, but that never got in the way of their professionalism and timely pacing of the courses.

Thanks for the lovely dinner, IndeBlue!
We are regulars at the IndieBlue Collingswood, NJ location. (I have a 5 star review for that location http://www.yelp.com/biz/indeblue-indian-cuisine-collingswood?hrid=tiz8NSsVq-Fl2TVlin_l_A). I convinced my wife that we should try this location. 

The bar: The bartender seemed distracted and uninterested. Why? Well, at the corner of the bar were two employees dressed in black who were standing, huddled around three customers who were sitting at the bar (they seemed to be employees as well, off-the-clock enjoying some civilian time). The bartender was more interested in chatting them up then paying attention to us. He had the personality of a wet blanket. 

Our server: He was very robotic and lacked personality. My wife and I were surprised at the night-and-day difference between the Philly and Collingswood location. In any case, he was proficient, that counts for something. 

The food: For an appetizer, we ordered the BBQ Rib rolls. They were (4) flavorless rolls, barely the size of my thumbs. It was not worth $8.00. The Baingan Bharta was very good. The Crispy Spinach Chaat was excellent (as always). The Chicken Madras and the Lamb Rogan Josh were perfection! (they are our go-to items if we aren't interested in the specials of the day). During the meal, our server had asked us 'so, is the Philly location better than Collingswood'? My wife and I both stared at him and just smiled, we couldn't even muster out a white lie.

Pricing: We felt that the pricing was reasonable (seemed to be on-par with the Jersey location, minus the no  BYOB here)

Return factor: We don't need to be handheld/coddled but we expect some enthusiasm from the staff. When we go out to dine, we want the whole package. We don't think we will return to this location.  

3.5 stars
I ate here last night with my friend from UPenn for restaurant week. The food was FANTASTIC. I was so thrilled that they had a vegan option for each course- something that you can't find with many restaurants that participate in this event. The food was likely the best Indian that I have ever had. 
Crispy Spinach Chaat was top-notch, it was so full of flavor and was a perfect first portion.
The Vegetarian Sampler Platter (made vegan)- Was GREAT. It was huge and flavorful and so varied, it gave me a great picture of what IndeBlue has to offer. 
Orange Ginger Sorbet- Perfect end to the meal, the ginger was sweet and perfect. 

I highly recommend this restaurant to vegans and non vegans alike.
I had a great dining experience here! Given the pandemic situation we ate outside on a chilly day. The service was very accomodating for taking us 30min prior to kitchen closing on a late sunday afternoon. They were also very courteous in accommodating heating to make our dining experience as nice as possible. We really appreciated the extra care taken to fuel those extra heaters around us! 

We all enjoyed the lunch special which basically came w/ a samosa, choice of naan/roti bread, one vegetable entree, dal makhni, raita, basmati rice, and dessert! We were able to swap out the kheer dessert for a lovely dark chocolate mousse and  they allowed for minor substitutions which was much appreciated. Our party of five was rather picky but our server did a great job accommodating/remembering everyone's order.

I personally enjoyed my malai kofta and traditionally we would order several veggie entrees and eat family style but with covid/wintertime outdoor dining this personalized meal was delicious. It was served piping hot and the roti was cooked beautiful in a tandoori style. I'm looking forward to dining her again and would highly recommend it!
We had a delicious meal here about a month ago (forgot to write a review earlier) we did the special they had. One price per person and we can pick two apps, one tandoori and two entrees to share for 3. Everything we had was incredible. The flavors, the presentation, the ingredients. Our server Laura (or Nora? It was a bit loud there) is what made it very special. If it wasn't for her we wouldn't have picked the special and she recommended some of the things we ordered and we are so glad we took her advise. She truly was the star of our experience there. We also were greeted by the owner who's also the chef and that really made our dining experience special.
Philly is no stranger to modern twists on Indian cuisine. Though Tashan is less one Chef Sylva Senat, it is still one of the prime destinations for delicious and beautifully presented Indian dishes. With IndeBlue making its way from Collingswood NJ, Center City Philly got a lot spicier. And with the exit of Bindi from Chef Marcie Turney's deck of restaurants a few years back, Chef Rakesh Ramola is certainly putting his Indian stamp on 13th Street.

The space is beautiful as well - wide open with plenty of room and ornamental designs throughout. A bar stands at the front of the restaurant - a great spot for Happy Hour and Center City Sips.

Crispy Spinach Chaat [$8]
Crispy baby spinach, shallots, chopped tomatoes, sweet yogurt, tamarind date chutney 

The GF and I stopped by for lunch and the first thing we noticed on the menu was the crispy spinach chaat. And before we could even order it, the kitchen had already sent it out for us to try. This was a dish we had at Tashan and it exceeded our expectations. The baby spinach was lightly coated in a fresh chickpea batter and flash-fried in soybean oil. This allowed for a vegetal crisp amidst the bite of onion, chopped tomatoes, and shallots. The sweet yogurt and tamarind date chutney dressed the chaat well and provided a sweetness that brought a smile to our faces. A must order.

Mangalorean Crispy Vegetable [$8]
Seasonal vegetables, mustard seed, tomato, curry leaf, red chili

These vegetables were coated with a thicker chickpea batter, yet it was still incredibly crisp and light. Fresh veggies included cauliflower, peppers, and eggplant, with the mustard seed and red chili providing a bit of heat, and the tomato providing the acid. I typically abhor raw onions, but the red onions really worked here to break up the heft of each bite. 

Drums of Heaven [$8]
Battered chicken wings, blue cheese crumble, garlic, tomato, chili, scallions

As soon as I saw pictures on Yelp (5 stars by the way), I knew I had to order this dish. Sure, it's not a traditional Indian dish. But really - how many restaurants french their drumsticks?

This chicken was nicely crispy, but was dressed well with notes of garlic, tomato and chili. The chicken itself was incredibly juicy and was marinated with what I believe was a yellow curry. The blue cheese certainly isn't typical, but hey - it's almost to be expected. If you like wings, definitely check these out.

Chutney
Mint, tamarind-date, green chile 

With our mains, the kitchen also sent out a sampler of chutneys for us to try (I believe they're typically $3 each). From top to bottom, we received mint (light and refreshing), tamarind-date (sweet depth of flavor), and green chile (be prepared to sweat!). 

Chicken Tikka Makhani "Butter Chicken" [$12]
Boneless free-range chicken, fresh tomato, cream, honey, fenugreek, black pepper, saffron rice

We make butter chicken at least once a month in our home, despite the GF and I not being Indian. But why should that matter - it's crazy good - 'nuff said. IndeBlue's iteration? Blows ours out the water. The boneless chicken was moist, but really, it's all about the sauce. The tomato provided nice acidity against the cream and butter. Perfect to engulf the sweet saffron rice. If you're thinking that Indian food is all about curry and you need an easy entry into this cuisine, please try this.

Non-Vegetarian Thali [$16]
Two tasting entrees, dai makhani, appetizer, mango chutney, rice, naan, raita  

When I saw the thali options, I knew I had to order the non-vegetarian version. Thali is an Indian and Nepalese meal made up of various dishes - Indian tapas if you will. Counterclockwise from the right, I received mustard chicken (moist and bright), lamb (hearty like short rib and one of the best bites of the meal), and lentil daal (spicy and filling). A mango chutney and creamy raita provided the sweet and cooling elements to respectively balance the rest of the bites. Well-seasoned fried potatoes, more saffron rice, and naan bread were on offer as well. And for $16? This is easily a steal and a great way to try different bites from the kitchen.

If you live in Center City Philly, consider yourself lucky. There's a wide variety of cuisines available, especially in the Midtown Village area. With IndeBlue, approachable and modern twists based on authentic Indian techniques and flavors are on display. Service was top-notch - Sean was friendly, informed, and our plates were cleared for each course. If I'm craving Indian, I know where I'll be going. Unless IndeBlue starts delivering ...
My partner and I had two amazing meals with friends at the new IndeBlue - Midtown Village. The entire experience from arrival to departure was great both times!
Tobi the Bar Manager made us feel welcome and made great drinks. We sampled specialty drinks that were innovative and delicious - He was also very interesting to speak with while waiting for friends. Maura the Manager is a "Switched" on professional who was at our table at just the right times to check on us and we really felt looked after. Our servers have been wonderful both times.  Justin really introduced us to the concept and the menu on our first visit, and Jarrod did an amazing job when six of us returned and tried the four course tasting menu -DELICIOUS and so reasonable! I could go on and on about the food because everything was so memorable. For example - the Spinach Chaat was one of the most interesting dishes I have had in an Indian cuisine restaurant. The Lamb Shank plates looked as though they were licked clean by all six of us. This restaurant has a true vibe, the minute that you walk in the front door. From styling to music, lighting to layout, it is the type of place you feel at home in immediately! I Might stop in tonight and here their live Sitar musician who I believe is there every Friday night!
I had to update my review to 3 stars after returning for another happy hour. This time I went with my boyfriend since he hadn't been there before. 

We got the Chicken Chili Bao Bun, Tikka Naan Pizza, and the Barbecue Pork Samosa Rolls to pair with our drinks. Unfortunately, the Tikka Naan Pizza was still pretty boring in taste (he agreed), but he was pleased with the Bao Bun. I tried a bite and felt it showed improvement from my last experience. What really shocked me were the samosas though! They were delicious - served hot and crispy, bursting with spice and BBQ flavor - a perfect Indian fusion dish. My boyfriend really enjoyed it and said it was by far the best of the three small plates we got. 

For my drink I got the Monsoon which I was pretty content with. They take sangria to a new level by adding chai and cardamom to it. It had just the right amount of spices making it a very unique cocktail that was easy to sip. 

I'm happy to post an updated review and am sure I'll be returning for another happy hour to get those samosas and the Monsoon again! :)
Walking the Center City streets searching for happy hour with my girl Shante P. Did a double take and walked in. The ambiance here is sultry and super sexy. We had the Ginger Twist.. made with Black Velvet Whiskey, Ginger ale, Ginger and lime juice. $5! Didn't try any of the food but other folks plates looked tempting enough. I'll be back soon
So a few friends and I were able to sneak reservations in for the opening Saturday night. The establishment is Beautiful, with the renovations transforming the environment into something sexy and stylish yet still with the look of the Collingswood location. 

We were welcomed and seated quickly, a new drink menu providing some delicious cocktails to get our meal started. A sample of their corn and cilantro chowder was offered to us, and it was delicious. Too warm a day for me for hot soup but one of my guests ordered it and enjoyed every drop. 

We ordered almost every disk on the menu. Samosas, Rose Naan Pizza, Dahi Avacado Chaat, Spicy Scallops, Drums of Heaven, Lamb Lollipops, the Bison Kabob, goat Biryani, Chicken Tika Masala, Kashmiri Naan, and we were treated to some sweet potato pakura.

I'd go into indivdual detail normally but there are other things I want to discuss to here is the summary. Everything we had was 5 stars with two lone exceptions. The spicy scallops were good, but the scallops themselves were bland against the rich sauce. They either needed to sit in the sauce longer to pick up more flavor for it, or should have been seared to really make their flavor pop. They were good, but could have been excellent. The other dish that didn't wow my face off was the lamb lollipops. While tender and very tasty, they were really, really, really cooked. I like lamb slightly pink to enjoy the freshness of the flavor of the meat, and although we agreed this might be due to the tandori process, and that they were good, I probably would stick with the awesome drums of heaven next time and pass on these.

Some tasting notes. One very important thing we learned, if something comes with a sauce, use the sauce! The spinach and cheese samosa was very rich on its own, but when you scopped it with the tomato raisin chutney, which added tang and notes of sweet, it was a whole new dish. Same for the lamb lollipops, the lamb was tasty on its own, but drizzling the accompanying sauce over it truly transformed the dish into something lovely.

For dessert we had the mango panna cotta and a gingered gelato. The mango panna cotta was out of this world good. I will get it again every single time. the gingered gelato was also excellent added to the prosecca we ordered with dessert.

The surprise dish that we all agreed was the top of the night? The corn and cilantro chowder. Try it!!
It's about time I started reviewing. Lived near Collingswood, NJ (location of IndeBlue's first joint) for several years and never really gave it a chance. Moved into Philly and IndeBlue followed along opening up their location a half a block from where I live in Center City. The Wash Square West location is pretty amazing. Classy decor, friendly waitstaff, and (though we didn't partake) the bar you pass to get to the dining room looked very inviting.

The fiance liked her Bombay Punch (Bombay Gin, grapefruit and pineapple juice with mint) but the food - the food definitely made the night. We did small plates so no entree review here but each plate kept us wanting more (in a good way). HIghly recommend the Duo Samosa, the U-10 Scallops (with a coconut milk-curry sauce that was even more incredible when lapped up by Naan), and finally - the Chickpea battered Sweet Potato Pakora (could have eaten at least 3 plates of those). We ended with the Stuffed Squash with saffron rice.

It's a little pricey but worth every penny. They even allowed us a taste of several of their chutneys as well as some Gazpacho to start off. For those that want a modern take on traditional Indian cuisine - IndeBlue delivers. Will be back for sure.
Uh-maze-ing. That is about all I need to say... but I'll elaborate since my experience was so out of this world. 

First, it was restaurant week and let's be honest with ourselves here - sometimes, things are less than top notch since you aren't paying top notch prices. You would have never known the difference here. The service, the food, the portion sizes were all on par with an expensive night out, only without the price tag.   

Ever important to me - the service was impeccable. Jason, our server, was so very attentive. So much so that he apologized for our second course taking longer than anticipated... and we hadn't even noticed (it really didn't take very long at all)! Our table was cleared regularly, water and other beverages; always full. We never wanted or needed for anything. Honestly some of the best service I have had out in Philly, a city that regularly excels in the service department.

To say the food was not only abundant but also fantastic really doesn't do it justice. I left incredibly full and happy which is an anomaly for Restaurant Week offerings. Actually, by the time the main course was done, I wasn't sure that I would be able to take the smallest bite of dessert. Of course, I managed to power through but not without being tempted to unbutton the top button on my pants.

Gluten free and veg friendly I highly recommend. I'll be back for sure!!!!
This is a fabulous restaurant (with a terrible name...gotta say I judged them for that at first). This place does true Indian fusion and pulls it off well! With a group of four, we ordered 3-4 small plates, 2 half-sized vegetarian entrees and one full sized meat entree. While the portions looked small (we literally laughed when they brought out our very tasty half portion of squash), we all left feeling full and happy. Some highlights were the spinach chaat (amazing! crispy!) and the naan pizza. Great cocktails too. 

The food is better than Bindi and its less pretentious and more interesting than Tashan. Seriously. A new favorite in midtown village.
Wow. Michelle C had told me that Indeblue was her favorite Indian in the city, & wow, does she know her Indian food! Kristin H & I had dinner there tonight after the event at Eviama Life Spa (which was also phenomenal). 

The decor was beautiful & warm, I loved every detail of their presentation--in fact, I'm actually a little obsessed with their silverware. Everyone who worked there was friendly, and our waiter was excellent & accommodating (& quite cute, just sayin'). I know I've lived here a year, but I still can't get used to not having to explain what vegan is. It's still really special when someone in food service just knows & makes sure I'm taken care of.

Kristin & I shared the samosas, the crispy vegetable chili, & the chana masala. I highly recommend all 3. (Michelle recommended the crispy spinach chaat--next time for sure!)

I live for Indian food. This place is close to my apartment & amazing. I expect I'll be here often!
IndeBlue is a trendy Indian fusion spot located on 13th street, between Walnut and Locust. We walked in, my two dining companions and me, and asked for a table. The hostess was incredibly rude; she cut me off when I was asking her a question, and was very unfriendly. It was 5 pm on a weekend, and the place was only 1/3 full, so there was no need for that kind of attitude. Fortunately, our server was wonderful! We ordered cocktails, three small plates, one medium plate, two entrees, and a side of naan. The standout was the cocktails, for sure. I ordered the chai sangria, which was spicy and not too sweet. While the food was decent, it did not impress my native Indian companion, who noted that, while it was quality, it's not necessarily a place worth spending a significant amount of money on Indian food.

Overall, I would return for happy hour or for drinks, but I think I'll skip the actual meal next time.
Simply delicious --- This is one of the best Indian fusion restaurants we have been to. The restaurant is small and cozy and the ambience was nice. The waiters were friendly. We were a family of 3 and ordered spinach chaat, duo samosa and long hots for appetizers and shrimp moilee (seafood minus the lump crab!), madras chicken and lamb laal maas as main entrees and shared the desert banana gulob jamun. The dishes were all freshly prepared, very creative, and delicious. We were also greeted by Chef Ramola who was very friendly which was the icing on the cake to our visit. The food is moderately priced. The 5 course menu for $45 also sounded very nice but we did not order that. 

Great for personal and family celebrations. We signed up for the VIP club since we plan to visit there again very soon! There is a cheap validated parking available ($6 for 3 hours) at Park America at 1140 Sansom. 

We also plan on trying their first restaurant in Collingswood, NJ.
Happy hour 5 pm until closing at the bar. Everyday. WHAT A STEAL.  I'm pretty sure I've tried everything on the HH menu but my favorite dishes at the moment are the naan pizza, chicken drumsticks, paneer toast, cauliflower, and spinach chat. 

Great service, great food. Incredible prices and extending HH. Good luck finding another restaurant in the area that treats you this well.
So I FINALLY had a chance to dine at Indeblue. I've sampled their drums of heaven and samosas at a few events before and was highly anticipating my first dine-in experience. Let me just say that I was not disappointed. 

So my evening started off at the bar for happy hour. My group of three ordered several of the appetizers to share including the drums of heaven, spinach chaat, barbeque pork spare rib samosa rolls, vegetable samosas and a naan pizza. Each appetizer was between $3 and $5, as were the drinks on the happy hour menu. I found my comfort zone in a $4 glass of pinot grigio. This is definitely my new favorite happy hour in Philly. So beyond being reasonable everything was absolutely delicious. I knew that I loved the drums of heaven and samosas but the naan pizza and spinach chaat were standout fabulous. The pizza was made on naan and consisted of goat cheese, asparagus and mozzarella. It was by far the most creative Indian dish I've ever had. The spinach chaat was super crisy and really flavorful. The BBQ pork rolls were a little small and didn't pop with flavor as the other things did but were definitely tasty. 

So the next logical thing to do after gorging on appetizers and wine is to sit down to dinner, right? It was a Tuesday evening so we were lucky to grab a table shortly after 8:00pm. In the spirit of sharing, my group decided to go with the large portion of the lollipop lamb chops, small dishes of the baingan bharta and dal makhani, and a bread basket. Again everything was so delicious! Seasoned perfectly and extremely palatable. The lamb chops are must-haves! The standout in the bread basket was the gharwali which was made up of spinach and mozzarella, and I would definitely get a solo order of that next time. I also had a nice glass of Stoneburn Sauvignon Blanc and the gentlemen in my group enjoyed some scotch neat. 

I'm not an expert on Indian food however based on what I've had before, it seemed like the traditional cuisine but with a modern flair. Overall, this is probably the best food I've had in a while.

On Tuesday evenings they also have live sitar and tabla player which added to some very nice background music. The dining room was bright and comforting. The atmosphere was nice yet relaxed at the same time. 

So what's my reason for the 4 stars? The service was simply meh. The bartender seemed fairly disinterested, even as happy hour ended and only a few customers remained. The server at our table was barely attentive and not personable at all. He wasn't rude but he just wasn't around much at all. With the prices of food and beverage being on the higher side, I really would have liked to be catered too. Unfortunately, the cost also brought my rating down. Everything was amazing but on the costly side. 

With that being said, this was probably the best Indian food I've ever had. I smile thinking about this meal, and look forward my next casual happy hour trip or special occasion dining experience at Indeblue.
Can't go wrong with upscale Indian food in the heart of the gayborhood.   The space is very inviting with banquettes, tables and a cozy bar up front with a great view of 13th St action.   Full bar and attentive service plus consistently good food equals happy.    I haven't had a chance to check out their HH specials, but it's on my to do list.   All the menus from happy hour to lunch, dinner and drinks etc are easily accessible on the website, which I really appreciated.

Favorites were the thali sampler platters we had at brunch, crispy cauliflower and delicious naan.   They also have online ordering & reservations FYI.
This was a fantastic restaurant. The service was fantastic the restaurant was beautiful and there was plenty of open space and seating for everyone. The service was fantastic and our waitress was very attentive to our needs and frequently checked on us and we filled our water regularly. We got a paneer dish as well as the Chana masala and some Naan. I would love for the naan to be bigger pieces because it's three dollars for just one piece which is barely enough to split between two people so consider ordering a second order of the naan but other than that the food was fantastic. I'd love to come back for lunch because I heard they have really good kati rolls.
This place is AMAZING!!! We did the chefs tasting and EVERYTHING we had was fabulous. Our waiter Josh and the chef, were equally awesome and accommodating.  We had Crab dosa and crispy spinach chaat then lollipop lamb chops, for entrees we had chicken tikka and the Malai kofta but the chef made it with chicken for us instead of paneer, all w saffron rice and 4pc of naan. For dessert we had anjeer kulfi and pear jalebi and the chef came through and made us Keer as well. Lastly our awesome waiter brought us some chai to finish off such an amazing food experience. 
Too bad I'm only in Philadelphia once a year. If I can convince my coworkers I will go back again on this trip.
Dude, no, okay? I mean, I don't want to go on forever, and you don't want to read a long review, so let's just, here:

one word? underwhelmed.

it is my understanding that a tasting menu should feature things that a chef feels that s/he has absolutely mastered. dishes in a tasting menu should represent a chef's style, and it must bear witness to a restaurant's reputation. so, what happened??!?!?!

It sounds really awful when I say it's the worst tasting menu we've had since Cuba Libre, so I'll just say it's my least favorite. I love tasting menus. I like when it's complete set, I like when I have choices, I like it any how, any where. Er, just not here.

what DO I remember from my meal here? a piece of under-seasoned chicken. bland dessert that was somehow neither classic nor innovative. weird, oil-y condiments that didn't stay well on the things you're supposed to spread them on. why even make me do the work? season your food, so I know what you want it to taste like. season your food, so I'm not in control of your best and most fundamental tools such as FLAVOR. who has even heard of under-seasoned Indian food? i've never encountered such until my visit here.

at something like $50/pp, it is not a terrible loss. So i tried it, and felt disappointed by my experience. it happens. it isn't the end of the world. but i will remember this place as one of those times when yelp! has led me astray. so i guess give it a shot at your own risk, which is anyway always the case.
This was by far one of the best Indian restaurants I have ever encountered - and I am an Indian. What I appreciated most is the uniqueness of the dishes while still maintaining an authentic taste and reverence to South Asian cuisine. I went during happy hour to eat and the happy hour foods were served in generous portions for only $3, $4, or $5 max. 

My favorite dish was the Spinach Chaat. It was composed of crunchy Spinach flash fried in chick pea powder with other various spices and sauces typical to a chaana or samosa chaat. It was a very light yet satisfying dish and it took a lot of restraint not to order more as I still had plenty more coming.

The drums of heaven, hot long peppers, veggie samosas, and shrimp with chilli aoili were also things I tried and loved each and every single one. 

The bartender serving my food was very kind and informative, offering explanations and recommendations and the food arrived promptly.

Best part is all of this came out to be only around ~$20 so if you are a student like me wanting some delicious, gourmet food with a unique flair, I HIGHLY recommend Indeblue. 

One of my top 3 favorite restaurants in Philly!
Fell in love with this modern Indian food restaurant - came in for lunch during restaurant week, but I will definitely be back!
 
Atmosphere: Casual, but the seats were well spaced, so it didn't feel overcrowded. The inside probably had seating for around 40-50. Definitely book ahead for restaurant week - we heard a few folks get turned away with 2-hour wait times. Friendly service
 
Food: My favorite was the crispy spinach chaat - sauces were so tasty, and the texture is perfect. This appetizer is like fried spinach, mixed with a semi-sweet sauce, tomatoes, onions, and cheese. The vindaloo egg skillet is a great brunch option, coming with eggs and semi-sweet pork. I also loved the sauces prepared in the chicken makhani. And the portion size was large, particularly with the amount of rice they give you. It's a great deal for restaurant week, but also a great lunch menu item! AND the desserts were incredibly tasty - both the rice pudding and chocolate souffle were very well prepared - the chocolate was not too rich - and a great way to close out the meal.
 
Overall: 5/5 - likely my new favorite Indian spot in the city. So happy I could try it during restaurant week!
My friend who is a vegetarian (ish) was in town for the night and wanted to get dinner, hm, where to take a vegetarian out of towner where I can love my meal and check out a new place? Consulted my bookmarks and opentable and boom, Indeblue. Excellent choice.

PRO TIP: 
Sign up for their emails and you will get a $10 off coupon emailed to you (and I think you get something on your bday and anniversary because they asked for that too. I put my anniversary of being single so I can celebrate with myself when that comes up...)

VIBE: 
Gorgeous space and ambiance, tables are spaced out which is nice, and service was very friendly.

FOOD: 
--Menu is very vegetarian friendly (they have a whole veggie menu section), which is part of the reason I picked it and it did not let us down.
--Dahi Avocado Chat- Our waiter actually forgot to bring this out but even after he put it in it came out super quickly. It was very interesting and really delicious. It was cold, which I didn't expect for some reason, but I was into it.
--Stuffed Red Pepper- very good, and surprisingly big for $14. We had leftovers
--Lamb Rogan Josh-also good sized portion, very tender, great flavors. More leftovers.

DRINKS:
--Indebluetini is delicious-like a less creamy mango lassi cocktail.
--Karma chai sutra was my selection and I had serious drink envy, this tasted like a chai spiced white russian and was way too milky for me. Not a fan, but that's more of a personal preference.

My friend and I had a lot of catching up to do, and probably spent 3 hours there and never felt rushed, which was awesome. Great spot, prices were reasonable, great atmosphere, and good food, definitely recommend! Also definitely want to check out their happy hour.
Indian cuisine is probably my favorite ethnic cuisine. I am very critical of Indian food as it can be difficult to prepare. IndeBlue knocks it out of the park. I would say there is an American twist on their Indian food, but the authentic flavor profiles are always there. I have been once for restaurant week, and once my birthday. Restaurant week service was slow, but I guess that is expected.

Every single thing I've eaten here has been so good. The cocktails are unique and eclectic. The indebluetini is delicious. The bloody mary is also really good. My only gripe is the service. My birthday was the kicker. There were about 14 people for brunch. They literally made us get up as a reservation was coming in. We were not there for an extended period of time. We were rushed after an hour into the meal, and we were not even onto dessert at this point. It was very rude, and the server had a bit of a tude. Despite the service, the food is what keeps me coming back.
We ate here the other night for my boyfriend's birthday dinner and I was blown away by the food.  This was the perfect setting for an intimate celebratory dinner and I didn't feel like we over-paid, given how amazing our dishes were.

We each had cocktails to start.  I enjoyed a wonderful lemon and basil concoction and my love went with some sort of ginger/bourbon drink; both were mixed well and complimented our food (as a side note, I found their cocktail list to be quite impressive and they even have happy hour specials, so I may need to revisit this spot in the future just for drinks).  For apps, we went with the sweet potato pakora and the crispy vegetable chili.  I highly recommend the second of the two, as the batter on the veggies had a delightful crunch and the dipping sauces that came with them packed a nice, spicy punch.    

Dinner arrived in a timely manner and I enjoyed my dishes.  I went with tofu mangoli and chana saag.  My beau had the goat biyrani, which was a decent size for him (he took leftovers home).  If I had to complain about anything, I will say that our server wasn't so good at describing the portion sizes to us.  You see, I ordered half sizes of both my dishes.  I love that they even have this option just because most places don't, but it seemed like 2 halves just weren't enough.  I had to end up ordering rice halfway through my dinner.  I know this is a relatively new restaurant here in Philly, so hopefully the wait staff will be able to make better recommendations as time goes on.

I thought the menu here was very easy to read for people with dietary restrictions (gluten free and vegan symbols appear next to dishes), but as somebody who is pretty inexperienced with Indian food, it would be nice if there was some kind of spice level number system of sorts so I don't burn my taste buds off.  All in all, though, IndeBlue is doing things right, so I can definitely see myself coming back - especially for their live sitar music on Tuesday nights.
I came for Restaurant Week brunch and enjoyed the slightly upscale hipster take on Indian favorites. I enjoyed the crispy spinach chaat, paneer tikka masala, saffron kheer, and garlic naan. All of the dishes were great with lots of flavor.

My only issue was the service: it was extremely slow, including waiting 30 minutes for someone to clean an open table so we could get seated when we arrived.
Let it be known that this review is based solely on my happy hour experience. I was really excited to check IndeBlue out because of the raving reviews, but to put it bluntly, I was so disappointed. 

My friend and I got the Tikka Naan Pizza (we had the option of either chicken or paneer - we chose the first) and we each got a Peanut Chicken Chili Bao Bun (it comes one to an order, at least for HH). 

We were both really excited when they quickly brought them out. Both *looked* delicious, but unfortunately, I can't say the same about the taste. The Naan Pizza was seriously lacking in flavor. I was expecting some spice, but all I could taste was the naan. I was pretty hungry so I finished my portion, but my friend didn't even get close to finishing hers. 

The Bao Bun was the exact opposite from the pizza. SO. DAMN. SPICY. My friend and I both agreed that they had gone overboard with the chili. Had it been a little less spicy, I think I would have enjoyed it. 

Service was good and staff was friendly and attentive which I did take note of. 

Would I go again? Maybe for a drink because they offer a really great HH deal (50% off everything), but (sadly) I would pass on the food.
I don't eat Indian food often, but this place has turned me into an Indian food fan. I have only tried the happy hour menu, so that is another thing to consider.

The food, service, and atmosphere all deserve 5 stars in my opinion. Both times I have gone I ordered the crispy cauliflower, and then shared other items with a friend. It is addicting- perfect amount of sauce/ flavor without overbearing the taste of cauliflower too and you can't beat this large portion for just $6 at the bar.

Other than the calamari, I'd highly recommend the Chicken Tikki Chipotle (flavor is fantastic, but average portion and a steeper price $12). The shrimp soft taco is also great, and Drums of Heaven are good (similar sauce to the cauliflower- I'd choose the cauliflower over the wings if I had to pick).

Drinks wise, I have only tried the Mumbai Mirch but I loved it. If you like drinks with a kick and tequila, you have to try it!
Here's what I look for in Indian restaurants: 1) bold flavor combinations, 2) food that packs heat (when appropriate), 3) water glass-filling diligence.

For the first two requirements, Indeblue falls short. We came with a group and ordered a pretty diverse sampling (samosa chaat, tandoori mixed grill, lamb rogan josh, baingan bharta, channa masala). Across the board, dishes ranged from underseasoned to just plain bland. I also barely detected any spiciness, even after specifying we wanted heat. Their take on "modern & traditional" cuisine (aren't those two things sort of mutually exclusive?) clearly means they have tempered things down to appease western palates. 

The interior is pretty swanky, and they serve up some decent cocktails. Prices are higher for smaller quantities of food, so know that you're paying for ambiance more than anything else. Maybe this is an alright place for happy hour socializing. If you're main focus is quality food, please direct yourself to Ekta.

But hey - at least my water glass was always kept full!
Excellent service, cozy ambiance, and delicious food. My family (including my sister-in-law, who is from northern India) is crazy for Indian food, and this fusion joint did not disappoint. I especially enjoyed the samosa chat, crispy spinach chat, baingan bharta, and lasooni naan. They also had an excellent spinach soup-of-the-day and their chutneys were perfect and unique. The one dish that wasn't a huge hit at the table was probably a case of bad ordering on our part - expecting one thing, ordering something else - although I can't quite speak to that given that I didn't taste this particular item.

In addition to attentive service, they also provided complimentary tastes of the daily soup (a given), and they offered my mom a taste of their chai after she asked about its level of sweetness. They also removed the one dish we didn't love from the bill - totally unnecessary, but yet another example of their attention to detail. I would absolutely recommend this spot to any Indian food enthusiasts, especially to those looking for a little twist on traditional fare.

Also great for those who are vegetarian, vegan, or gluten-free - their menu is flexible and clearly marked for these dietary restrictions.
My husband and I have been craving Indian food and came across Indeblue through a friend's recommendation. The outdoor dining space is a little cramped, but that didn't really bother us too much. We fell in love with the place instantly! We went for the $45 pp tasting menu, which is a great deal! The tasting menu was definitely worth it for us because we wanted to try as much of the menu as possible. 

We ordered:
- Crispy Spinach Chaat (so crispy, flavorful, and light)
- Crispy Cauliflower 
- Lollipop Lamb Chops (so tender but a little small)
- Shrimp Moilee (our favorite curry!!!)
- Lamb Laal Maas
- Dessert Assortment: Kheer, Chocolate Pot de Creme, Gulab Jamun

All of the food was so delicious and filling! The Shrimp Moilee was both of our favorite dish, but everything was wonderful. They also have a nice assortment of naans to accompany the curries. The garlic naan is probably my favorite!

The service was impeccable! We can't wait to come back to try more foods on the menu!

I hear they have a fabulous happy hour from 4-5 PM, but I'm sad I'm always working during those times. Maybe one day, I'll be lucky enough to check it out!
When I think about potential dining spots in Philly, Indian would never come to mind. But here we are perusing Yelp and seeing these amazing reviews for IndeBlue, so we had to try it out!

Loves:
+ Yummy Indian food (our faves were the Lamb Chops ($15 for half rack) and Pork Vindaloo ($23) 
Friendly staff who accommodated our "please make this marg extra spicy with some chilis" request (lol)
+ Good value on drinks ($12 for most cocktails)

I don't have Indian often but I am so glad to have eaten here! I would totally come back here again and recommend it to others too. Thanks so much, IndeBlue! :)
I've been in love with the IndeBlue in Collingswood for a few years now, so I was excited to hear they were getting a location in Philly.

A couple of friends and I went to Happy Hour here last week, and we were impressed with the food deals.  The happy hour is from 5:00-7:00 Monday-Friday at the bar.  The food prices range from $3-$5.  The veggie samosas were only $3 and came with two large ones in a chickpea sauce.  They were stuffed full of potatoes and chickpeas.  I also ordered the nan pizza ($5), which is just what it sounds like, a large piece of nan with pizza toppings.  This particular one came topped with paneer, mozzarella cheese, spinach, and peppers.  The type of pizza changes daily though, so ask before ordering.  I was stuffed after having only those two appetizers.

The drink I had was less impressive, but at only $5 it was alright.  It was the Chikini Shandar.  This is basically sangria with an Indian twist as chai and cardamom are added.  However, I didn't taste any of these wonderful flavors.  It was sweet and just tasted like regular sangria.  

Since the appetizers were good, I'll be back.  I'll try a different drink next time, and hopefully it'll be better.
Forever a favorite Indian food restaurant. The American Indian fusion options are constantly changing while always keeping a few finger licking staples constant. Happy hour is a hit or miss with food but dinner has never disappointed. The restaurant has a Bollywood gold royal vibe with its menu resembling the same. For food I highly recommend: crispy spinach chaat, paneer toast, lamb chops, pork egg rolls, shrimp tacos if it's an option, lamb poutine, drums of heaven and the lunch time thali special. For cocktails I recommend: ginger Jadoor, Mumbai Mirchi, indeblutini . If you're ever in Philly, you must give this place a try. You won't be disappointed!
Great place for Happy hour specials. Only had drinks and ate a few snacks at the bar but was very happy with it. Went with a group of 7 and ordered a few items to try. We shared the spinach chaat & cauliflower app which were both very good. We also had the naan pizza which was very good. 

The stuffed long hot pepper was a bit miss leading because on the menu it stated "peppers" so we assumed it to be a shareable item. It was also a bit on the greasier side. So I wouldn't recommend it. 

The drinks were very good! The bar tender was pretty quick & very friendly considering all 7 of us ordered different drinks off the menu. The Mumbai Mirch was very spicy & raja was a great refreshing choice.  They also had specials on select beers. 

Overall a great experience.
This place completely ruined our dinner, and there's no way I'd recommend it to anyone. 

We planned to be in Philly for my birthday, so after doing some research I decided to make reservations at IndeBlue to celebrate. When we walked in, there was no one inside to instruct us where to sit. After waiting a few minutes, we were met with the coldest "Can I help you?" from the hostess. We were led to our table, which was awkwardly positioned in the middle of the main dining room indoors. They do get credit for spacing out tables during the pandemic, we just happened to get what seemed to be the worst table in the restaurant. 

20 minutes went by from the moment we sat down to the moment our waiter came over. When he did, we asked if there was outdoor seating, and he said he was going to go check. Right after, I saw him walk to the bar of the restaurant and make drinks for 15 mins, before coming back and saying there weren't tables outside. By that time, it had been over 30 mins of us sitting around, without even having the water we had asked for earlier. 

While all of this is happening, random staff were walking around (nose completely uncovered) giving out an insanely small cup of soup, part of the dining experience on the weekends. No description of what it was - they just placed it on our table. 

Important to note that on the weekends you can only dine with a fixed menu for $35/per person. 

45 mins into dinner and we still didn't have the bottle of wine we ordered. When our waiter brought it, it turned out to be the wrong bottle in terms of the year. No big deal, it was still good. But by that time the dinner had almost been ruined. With the loud atmosphere and one of the worst services I've ever received (or services I never received, should I say)  I was regretting my reservation at IndeBlue.

Onto the food... The entrees and appetizers were good, although the dessert was bland and the soup tasted like canned soup. The chicken poutine was delicious and the lamb entree was really good, too. Unfortunately they weren't good enough to fix the rest of the night. By the end, they had even brought out the wrong desserts. 

I communicated these issues to the manager earlier into the night, who said he'd make sure we were taken care of, whatever that meant. Although he was really nice and charismatic, service didn't become drastically better after our conversation with him. I think one of the the issues at hand is that they are extremely understaffed during the weekends. 

If you're looking for an intimate, nice dinner, this is not the place.
We were in Philadelphia for a week and by far this was the best meal we had. And that's saying a lot considering the fantastic variety of food available in this town. 

The atmosphere is wonderful. Quiet, well spaced tables and nicely appointed.

Our server, Josh, was attentive and knowledgeable of the menu. Answered all our questions and provided great service. 

The food was amazing. We had the tasting menu which was a huge amount of food but we managed to eat most of it! The crispy spinach chatt was wonderful and the most surprising selection. The vindaloo and moilee were excellent and the lamb lollipops cooked perfectly. The Naan is soft with just enough crispness. 
Cannot recommend IndeBlue enough.
I was expecting big things from indeblue and the completely delivered. Expertly prepared dishes. Prices were fairly good as well. Cost 105 for three people with tip and three beers. Flavors are definitely some of the best I have had outside India. They stay true to traditional cuisine but still inventive enough to keep it fun. The food is outstanding.
I adore IndeBlue, especially their fantastic lunch. 

For one, they are ridiculously vegan-friendly, all I have to do is say "vegan" and the staff is very well informed, and items on the menu are clearly marked.

Secondly (or firstly, for everyone who's not vegan) the food is fantastic. I love when I go to a place and the food and the prices match. Yes, it's fancier, and yes, you should pay for it. Fantastic.

Third, that lunch? The best is getting the thali, or a plated lunch of small dishes. As of my last visit, it now includes dessert, which for vegans, was a house-made coconut sorbet. It. was. amazing.

I haven't been for happy hour, but I've heard that's a great deal as well, and they have great drink specials at lunch ($4 rose mimosas? yes pls.) Love them, and I love bringing people there!
IndeBlue has once again captured our loyalty and appreciation. Since my last review we have been back a few times. I am pleased to say that our one not so great experience must have just been a bad day, and we are all entitled to those once in a while. 
Service this evening, at the bar and the table, were outstanding. It's restaurant week so there was a steady flow of patrons, but not at all overcrowded or stuffy. 
The freshness of the food, flavors and presentation were all on point. Chef even accommodated a special request for an order of lamb chops (not on the restaurant week menu). That was appreciated. 
The menu offered a nice variety of veg and non-veg, from land and sea!  Chicken 65 and Crispy Spinach Chaat were great.
Going to enjoy the rest of our meal and experience........
Thanks IndeBlue
VISIT HISTORY: 
- Last visit: yesterday night for dinner with a friend 
- Frequency: been here 3-4x, mostly for their happy hour 
- Next visit? The daily happy hour by the bar is pretty solid so will probably return for that 

FOODRINK:
*Disclaimer: used to work at an Indian restaurant so I am picky*

- Crispy Spinach Chaat: actually very crispy! Amount of chutney is lighter than usual but the tamarind chutney was pretty good.
- Crispy Cauliflower: felt like fried chicken but not quite. Cant quite taste the soy but overall seasoned very well 
- Paneer Tikka Masala: I love love housemade paneer. By the time we ate the two appetizer, I should t have eaten all the paneer Tikka but I did. I'd put the creamy level as above average. The onions pieces were pretty big. 
- Garlic naan: we had one buttered and one non-buttered. Smaller size than what I am used to. 
- Gulab Jamun: it's one of my favorite Indian desserts after Ras Malai. It looked like a cut up almond in its westernized facade but it tasted really good. I was expecting it to be soaked in its sweet glorious syrup but it came out very different. Still tasted like Gulab Jamun. I want one now... 

VIBE:
- Slightly under upscale 
- Dim lighting. If you messed up your eyeliner or make up, don't worry you'll still look beautiful and nobody will know 
- Waiter asked if we needed refill 4-5x but honestly I got the vibe he liked my friend so maybe it was a flirtation disguised in service 
- Not much noise even though the restaurant is almost full that night 
- Smells phenomenal
- Wait time for food arrival: 2 minutes 18 seconds (for appetizer) 27 minutes 2 seconds (for the entree so +/- 2 minutes after the arrival of the appetizer)
- Wait time for our check: almost immediate after we devoured dessert
Not too shabby for an Indian place in Center City.   Not my favorite, but it works well enough for quick Indian fix.  The mango lassi has pistachios in it, to all those with nut allergies (not me).  It's provides an interesting touch.  The mango lassie here is more tart than sweet, and I definitely prefer sweet.

The sauces for their dishes tends to be on the watery side, where as I prefer mine to be thick and creamy.  The Chicken  Tikka Makhani "Butter Chicken" (Free range / boneless / fresh tomato / cream honey / fenugreek / black pepper / saffron rice) was very good. It was a little in the salty side, but nothing some rice and/or naan can't fix.  

Naan also has black sesame, which I am not a fan of.
*happy hour review* 

Definitely new happy hour stop. 

I came on Tuesday and the bar was completely packed, but on Thursday it was totally fine...I guess it's just a draw. 

Drinks: Rose gimlet, spicy lychee margarita, and indebluetini. All delicious and so creative in bringing in Indian flavors (like rose, spice, and cardamon) into drinks! They weren't strong, but for $5, well worth it. 

Food: Hai ram, this was all delicious. The spinach chaat is a must!! Aloo tikis are a meh (but for $3, why not!). The naan pizza  changes weekly I guess but ours with paneer was delightful. The stuffed peppers also delicious and SPICY (yaass) and stuffed with paneer and mozeralla..yes delicious. The most expensive was the naan pizza for $5! For 3 hungry chicas, we ordered 4 appetizers and that was our dinner, coming out to like $5/person and it was the best decision ever. 

Will definitely return, especially because they have a late night happy hour (9-closing) for us who work later! 

Shoutout to Michael the host for helping us out when we were in a rush to leave and he got us our bill, etc.
Indian food is by no means my favorite, but I came to IndeBlue for a work lunch. I was very pleased with the options available, especially given my aversion. The service was wonderful and very willing to accommodate allergies and other food preferences. Definitely recommend for groups of people and if Indian food isn't a type of food you naturally gravitate towards.
Indeblue exhibits excellent execution, attention to detail, and creation of flavor experience.

We ordered the tasting menu which allows each person to order a huge portion. 

The tikka naan pizza was light and fluffy. It had flavorful paneer sauce and cheese. 

The lamb poutine comes with marinated shredded lamb, masala spiced fries, and
cheese curds. This was unlike the Quebecois poutine I'm used to. It was very aromatic, and the cheese played a much smaller roll. They lamb had good execution (not great). The fries were small and crispy but quickly absorbed the excess juice from the sauce. This was a minor inconvenience. 

The drums of heaven were well executed drumsticks breaded heavily and smothered in chili. The experience is smoky, a bit spicy, and aromatic. The chicken is very well executed. It was tender, flaky, and moist like a very good buffalo wing. 

The goan paella was flavorful well executed rice with an aromatic chili sauce. The shrimp, chicken, and boar all lost their unique flavor to the dish. Thus is the practice with paella. 

The lamb laal maas is a shredded braised lamb in a chili curry powder. The dish is deeply flavorful and smoky. The lamb has nice execution. Maybe could have been a bit more soft and fatty. The ghee in the dish makes up for this.

Indeblue was a great dinner. Trying many new things was special. I had given up on Indian food. I think I'm re-interested!
Came here for my husband's birthday.  I e-mailed the restaurant beforehand to see if we could do the Chef's Tasting menu and to see if they had their liquor license.  Early the next morning I received a phone call from the restaurant answering my questions.  The person was super friendly and assured us that we would have a great meal.

My husband and I did the chef's tasting with the wine pairings.  The food was great and our server was super sweet.  There was a bit of food timing issues but we totally understood b/c they just opened three days prior to our dinner.  

I know this may sound silly, but my only "complaint" isn't really a complaint just a comment on the end of our meal.  When dessert came the servers and the chef came to the table and sang happy birthday to my husband.  I KNOW they meant so well but I felt like we were at the olive garden.  I would have loved to just have a subtle candle in the dessert and perhaps the musicians on the floor would play happy birthday very discretely.  just a thought. 

All in all the dinner was very nice, a bit expensive, but good for a celebration.
I think this could be my first time trying non-buffet Indian food. Indeblue seems to be a staple in NJ and is often mentioned for best Indian. It seems hidden but is located not far from Woody's. After work on a beautiful Friday night wasn't hard to get a table and street parking was available. Although to avoid the headache, try not to park on Spruce where they still have quarter meters (thanks to Indeblue staff for providing us with quarters). Size wise, it was rowhome tight but still comfortable. I wasn't bothered by the amount of staff shuffling about constantly.

The $37/person tasting menu proved extremely filling. We were full by the time the entrees arrived. For the first course (choice of 2) we ordered the diver scallops (one scallop in sauce each) and the barbecue pork (?) samosa rolls with dipping sauce. Both were delicious. Second course was choice of 1 which we picked shrimp skewer (4). Third course we ordered a lamb saag (custom order) and the chicken tikka makhani. This came with an order of naan (3) and basmati rice. Fourth course was a sampler of their desserts (scoop of ice cream, a fried banana ball and rice pudding... I forget the formal description). This was also delicious! The tasting menu is cheap and definitely worth it. We tried their Indeblutini cocktail which was great if you love mango.

Service was top notch. Very attentive and accommodating. Price wise, it is more expensive than the West Philly Indian buffets (New Delhi and Sitar) but great if you want a more upscale experience and be in Center City. It is similar to Karma in Old City although I know Karma definitely has a lunch buffet. I did like it a little better than Tiffin in South Philly.
This is a review for brunch only, as I have not been here for dinner yet.

I love indian food and was looking for someplace new for brunch that is vegan friendly. A quick yelp search suggested that IndeBlue would be just the place.

Sundays they have live music, which was nice. However, we were sitting right across from the music, and it did get a little loud at times. Something to maybe note when you request reservations. 

Our reservation was for 11:45 or 12, and it really filled up in the next hour or so - so making a reservation is a good bet. I ordered the rose mimosa (like rose, the flower) for $6. It was really delicious! (They do unlimited for $22, FYI.)  We started with the crispy spinach chaat which is vegan if you don't get the yogurt sauce. It was amazing, so order this for sure. The cauliflower was also really great (and vegan friendly). My vegan friend ordered some sort of vegan dosa roll. I ordered the paneer bhurjee, which was really amazing - with the indian paneer cheese. My other friend got the chicken and waffles, which is huge and seriously really amazing. 

I will definitely keep this in my mind for future brunches (and if your friends aren't into indian, they will definitely find something here). I also really look forward to coming back here and trying out some happy hour or dinner dishes.
IndeBlue from Collingswood. New Jersey has successfully added a sister restaurant in the popular 13th Street corridor of Center City Philadelphia.  This is an upscale Indian restaurant - one look at the décor will tell you that - although prices remain fair and there are always specials.  My favorite dish so far here is actually an appetizer.  Their bbq pork samosas with a bleu cheese wine sauce are so tasty, I almost wanted to make a meal on them alone.  For my main course I wanted to try out their version of malai kofta bukhara.  I did enjoy it but for my tastes I could have used a little more seasoning and kick.  The house-made paneer, apricots, cashews and cream sauce had all the right ingredients ... they just needed a little push to bring out the various flavors.  If you do eat in IndeBlue, be sure to check out the gilded screen in the center of the restaurant - it's impressive.
I came here on a Thursday night for happy hour (5-7pm) with 2 friends... The bar was full so they seated us at a small table near the entrance. This was my first time here and despite having high expectations, I was very impressed! The food and drinks were flavorful and unique. 

We ordered 4 appetizers and 2 rounds of drinks between the 3 of us and the bill came out to only $50!

Drinks ($5 each)
-chikni shandar (my favorite one!): sparkling wine with chai and cardamom. Tastes just like sangria with an Indian twist
-rose gimlet: if you like gin, this is a must!
-spicy lychee margarita: chili-infused tequila adds an interesting kick
-indebluetini: just like a spiced maaza mango juice

Food ($3-5)
-spinach chaat: the best spinach you will ever have... Crispy spinach with onions, tomatoes topped with yogurt chutney and sev (thin crunchy noodles) 
-naan pizza: with tandoori marinated paneer and caramelized onions
-aloo makkai tikki: still not sure how I feel about the apple chutney but overall an average dish
-stuffed peppers: gets progressively more spicy as you near the end of the pepper with seeds.


Looking forward to coming back for their late night happy hour (9pm-close) and trying a thali!
I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here. 

The saag bahar was spicy like we asked it to be and the cheese board was very filling and great to share as an appetizer for two or more.

The staff was very hospitable and service was pleasant and quick. The manager came by to ask us if everything was okay and why we canceled our second entree. He seemed genuinely concerned and wanted to make sure we were happy with the food and service.
Peas and carrots, peanut butter and jelly, Corey and Topanga, Indian and brunch? Now one of those may make your eyebrows arch but trust me...they're all perfect combos!

Indeblue is one of my favorite brunch spots in Philly, it's freaking fantastic. The brunch menu is pretty extensive and the prices are on point. Service was as good as the masala chai (and oh yes, it's good). Tried the chole bhature [Sun Brunch $10] (flavorful chickpeas eaten with a large piece of bread that's bigger than my face) + chicken tikka makhani (tender chunks of chicken swimming in awesome sauce [Sun Brunch $12]. It was the perfect atmosphere for a casual Sunday brunch, the sitar and tabla players are so talented and it transports you to a wonderful place to relax and dine. 

Our water glasses were always more than half full, for all you optimists out there. The only issue we had was that our bill had the brunch price swapped with the dinner price, an easy fix and the only lil hiccup in the dining experience. 

Once you dine here, you may not stop ;)
Wow wow wow! What a gem!

We visited Indeblue for the first time a few weeks ago and it made a lasting impression- so much so we have set up reservations with some friends for this week!

Our waiter was Bennett and he was absolutely wonderful and so accommodating. His recommendations were on point... every member of our group was pleased with their meal. If I had to recommend one menu item, it would be the crispy spinach chaat... trust me.

Like I said, we'll be back, with more friends in tow! Can't recommend highly enough.
Came here on a spontaneous night out for dinner and everything from the wait staff to the food was amazing! 

Everyone was very friendly and attentive and the chef went over to every table thanking people for their service ( when truly we should be instead). We ordered the paneer tikka and Malai kofta and both were amazing!

A tip would be to ask for the food spicy if you're a person who needs that extra flavor because the food in general had almost no spice. Also the food, which they say can be shareable, is really not unless you have a small appetite. As a person who loves to eat, I could've finished two of the entrees 

Overall though, a great experience! A little pricey for your traditional mainstream Indian food, but nonetheless, highly recommended!
IndeBlue is amazing Indian food that is much needed in Center City. It's slightly fusion, but not so much that it loses its authenticity.

I've tried many of the menu items, but there are still so many more that I have my eye on. Highlights:

Crispy Spinach Chaat: Amazingly crispy, light, and fresh. The tamarind date chutney makes a perfect "dressing" for this little spinach salad. I want to know how they cook the spinach to make it THAT crispy. I could eat this every day and wouldn't feel too guilty since it's a healthy option!

Drums of heaven: Wings in an Indian-style spicy sauce. This sauce would be good on anything! Really crispy, almost Korean-style fried.

Sweet potato pakora: Chickpea battered sweet potatoes. Super addicting. One order for 2-3 people will disappear in minutes.

Paneer tikka makhani: I love paneer so I had to try this. The sauce is slightly sweeter than other dishes, so it was the perfect complement to the spicier entrees. Order a side portion and take a bite every time your tongue is on fire from something else.

I usually only like to try places I've never been to for restaurant week, but I love this place so much, and their restaurant week menu is a steal. It's the perfect way to try a bunch of different things here. I got the non-vegetarian thali sampler platter as my main course, which came with chicken makhani, lamb rogan josh, dal makhani, rice, raita, mango chutney, and garlic naan. WAY TOO MUCH FOOD, but I ate it all and enjoyed it so much. I regret it after, of course, but it was worth it.

Try the cocktails! The Monsoon is delicious with a spicy kick from cinnamon, star anise, and ginger.
Brunch + Endless Mimosas + Indian Food!!!

I'm not super familiar with Indian food, so this was a good introduction. I went to brunch on a Sunday with three friends - we all ordered be endless mimosas of course! And they truly are endless - the staff will come by to re-fill/top you off the entire time! I tried both the regular mimosa and the rose mimosa. (The rose was a bit too sweet for my taste.) We ordered a naan basket that came with three different seasonings (sweet, roasted tomato and rosemary). This was my first time having naan and I'm addicted! 

I ordered the omelette with lump crab meat, cheese, tomato and bell pepper. Five stars for actually giving me substantial lump crab meat! So often it's super minced meat, but at Indieblue you get delicious huge chunks. It comes with a side of potatoes and naan, which were so good! 

My 2 friends ordered the chicken and waffles and the other ordered the French toast. The chicken and waffles were a hit and looked pretty delicious! The French toast was good but didn't come with a side and wasn't 100% filling. 

We ended the meal (or so we thought...) with dessert and ordered the salted caramel ice cream with banana balls. Honestly I could eat this everyday! It was just enough sweet without being too much and was also just pretty to look at!

Then, we really ended the meal with a drink (or two) at the bar. We got the chai sangria. WHAAAATTT! My new favorite drink!!! I will 100% go back very soon!
I've always been wary to try Indian food. I've heard the horror stories and have always passed. After being introduced to a few of the menu items at Yelp's 10th Anniversary Bash, I was determined to come here and try a few more items off of the Happy Hour menu.
Everything was wonderful from the food to the service. The bartender was friendly and made sure that we were catered to. The ambiance is great- trendy, romantic yet casual.
As for the food, 10/10. Like I said before, Indian has always creeped me out, but since IndeBlue is Indian infusion, it opened my eyes to a cuisine I would not normally try. The vegetable samosa's were full of flavor, resting on top of a bed of chickpeas. The spinach chaat was unlike anything I have ever tasted before- the crunch of the spinach paired perfectly with the sweet yogurt. The naan pizza is a nice portion for everyone to try- a bit small but the flavors were outstanding. The star of the evening though was the BBQ pork spare rib samosas. The meat was seasoned with tamarind and the blue cheese wine sauce mixed well with every flavor. 
I cant wait to come back and try the items on the dinner menu as I ordered almost everything on the HH menu.
I want during restaurant week in January 2019. So there was a fixed menu of course! For starters I missed my reservation but I called and they said it'd be fine they would see me when I arrived. Sadly I arrived near their lunch closing time.... my friend and I were still seated!  
During this experience I did not feel rushed at all even with my tardiness but very much accommodated. The place was very intimate even during lunch. The staff were friendly and patient.  The decor is stunning let's not forget I came for the food. Which was delicious. I had the drums of heaven for my appetizer. A lamb dish for my entree followed by a rum pineapple dessert that I took to go! I didn't want to be too inconsiderate of their down time ... I honestly felt like I was just committing a sin by how satisfied I was with my overall experience.
Some of the best Indian food I've had in my life.  The short rib samosa was a delicious starter, although it's a little more egg roll seaming than samosa.  I had the chicken tikka for my main course and I wolfed down as much as possible.  Usually chicken tikka is a little too sweet for my taste.  However, this chicken tikka was perfectly seasoned with a slight kick and delicious sauce.  I couldn't eat enough of the sauce and soaked up the sauce with my rice.  We also shared a roti stuffed with nuts that was sweet and delicious.  It tasted like the stuffing of bahklava put into a piece of naan.  Delicious!

The ambiance is great for a date with pretty interior decorating, a nice bar at the front and a classy but casual ambiance.  The servers were attentive and friendly.  This restaurant will definitely be added to my list of regulars when I visit Philly.
The service here is dreadfully unfriendly and not at all welcoming. A restaurant could have the finest food in the city (and IndeBlue doesn't) but if diners are met with indifference and hostility, that is the impression that sticks in the mind.

My first visit here was 2 years ago for happy hour with my friend Stephen.   We were in the area and decided to try IndeBlue for drinks. We arrived a few minutes before 5 p.m. As we opened the door, a woman from inside the restaurant came and physically blocked us from coming in. We were both taken aback and asked if there was a problem. She demanded to know what we were doing "there." Let me take a second to say that we are both gay and we are also clean, fit and when we are out and about, always well dressed. This time was no exception to any of that. Instead of  just walking away, Stephen told her we had come for happy hour. Her posture relaxed a bit but she said it did not start until 5 p.m. (by now it was 4:56 p.m.) and we would have to wait outside until then. Given that we saw other drinkers and diners in the restaurant, this made no sense. I told my companion that this was all bullshit but he said we had a right to drink and eat anywhere so eff it, let's do it. 

The drinks and bar food were fine, nothing innovative or memorable and the bartender, a woman, was very pleasant and accommodating, especially when we asked for drink recommendations. We spent several hours eating and drinking at the bar and had no further issues. 

A few months ago, several friends decided to have a 'catch up' brunch here on a Saturday. Reservations were made and we all arrived on time. As soon as we were ready to be seated, we all became aware of tension and hostility emanating from the host and the wait staff. Whether it was directed at us (a group of 10) or it was internal, I cannot say, but it made the hair on my neck stand up. We were shown to a table that did not have enough seats or space for all of us. Mervyn, the brunch organizer, politely asked if a larger table was available. We were left to stand by a table that sat 6. When a member of our party took 2 chairs from unoccupied tables so we could start to get seated, one of the servers started to loudly berate him. Again, as far as I was concerned, that was a cue to leave. Finally we were placed at a table with barely enough room for all 10 of us. And then we sat. And sat.  And sat. 

Keep in mind that a reservation had been made weeks in advance for 10 diners. We did not just show up out of the blue in a large group on a busy Saturday. 

When our orders were taken, the server was very curt and would not answer questions about the menu. We placed our orders and got on with socializing. When the food came, it was slammed down on the table and our drinks, also slammed down, got sloshed all over. The food was fine but lukewarm. I'd ordered a masala dosa, basically an Indian potato crepe. The crepe itself was warm, limp and greasy, not piping hot and crisp. My Bloody Mary was too heavily spiced to enjoy. No one came by to check on us or see if we wanted more drinks. We all passed on ordering dessert. We just wanted to get out. 

No one greatly disliked their food but no one felt it was outstanding or even good, either. Several gents ordered the tasting menu and getting the server to provide details about it had been absolutely impossible.  

I don't want to say this place is homophobic but I do believe there are a lot of unresolved issues between staff and management that spill over into treatment of guests. That is totally unacceptable.

In each case, I should have just gotten up and left. That's my 2019 restaurant resolution; listen to my intuition.
stopped at IndeBlue last night for dinner with three friends and we honestly did not understand what the hype was about. Personally, I was super disappointed with everything I had. 

I started off with a indebluetini ($12) which tasted like mango lassi with alcohol. For appetizer, we had the vegetable samosa chaat which were delicious. You can never go wrong with samosas! Now for the meal, we ordered 4 orders of naan, two curries; chicken tikka masala and madras. Both lacked flavor and tasted nothing like it should. Super boring..there wasn't anything about it that wowed us. For the naan, each person had 1 full naan which did make sense if it cost $3... that's extremely pricey for plain bread. Now each dish typically comes with a side of rice. For the two curries we had, we got 1 rice to share between 4 people. I honestly don't understand logic. I personally didn't like IndeBlue, the foods overpriced and bland so for that reason I'm giving it 2 stars.
Stumbled on this gem of a place and it made our evening. The ambiance is great and the food is fantastic. Very eclectic menu based on the experiences of the chef (our waiter told us as we inquired about the influences). As we weren't too hungry we decided to share a few apps and then jump to the desert menu that held great promises. The watermelon salad was a wonderful creation and the fusion chaat was delightful. The desert though was out of the world - we chose to indulge on the pear jalebi and the kulfi. The culinary experience was rounded off with a true desi chai (compliments of the chef!). 
As you can guess by now, I recommend this place to all food lovers - Indians or not.
We were here on a weekend for lunch. The place was not too crowded. We tried the spinach chat, drums of heaven and the non veg thali. The spinach chat had a unique taste and I really liked it. The drums of heaven was not good. The thali was ok. The service was really good. Our server was friendly and took good care of us. I would give this place a 3.5 star if I could. 
Overall,
Spinach Chat - 5/5
Drums of heaven - 2/5
Thali - 3.5/5
Service - 5/5
We went for my husbands birthday in a fairly large group. The service and food were all outstanding. We all had a great time and enjoyed a variety of apps, drinks and entrees.. Everyone left stuffed and happy. We will be back! Thanks for making our celebration a memorable night.
This is good Indian cuisine, but I can't get on board all these 4 and 5-star ratings.  I've had much better Indian cuisine at the dingy, traditional Indian joints.

The location in DT Philadelphia is good, and you are met with a very attentive and smiling Maitre'D, but the food doesn't quite match the sophistication they're trying to show.  This is definitely the best looking Indian restaurant in Philadelphia (and second only to Kirin's in Houston that I have visited).  Tables are clean, there is actual linen (woohoo), and the bathroom is like a Nirvana relative to most Indian establishments.

IndeBlue has a good drink menu, and their IndeMartini is a standout and strong.  They even have a wine list, which is borderline decent.

The service was spotty.  I found our waiter very affable, but in other ways he was a disaster.  He almost poured my sparkling water in a wine glass, thought better of it, found a different glass, still almost spilled it, etc.  The other wait staff were not up to par by any means, one even bumped into me on the way to the restroom sans an apology!  Welcome to the jungle.

This was restaurant week, so the menu was quite contrived.  Maybe that is what held things back.  I ordered the spinach chaat (good if you're into fried food), the vegetarian Thali (asked for vegan and gluten-free, got gluten-free, good thing I'm not a strict vegan), and the fig dessert was probably the best item.  The vegetarian Thali was VERY limited compared to real Thalis that I have had at other Indian joints.  My DP had a regular Thali from IndeBlue, and it also came with only 3 main dishes (and when I say dish we're talking a tiny saucer), compared to most places which have 5-6, and the idea is they will refill them for you, not here.  They did start us with three complimentary tastes of soup, although I found them all lacking in taste.

The rice was okay.   Saffron rice, not really standout by any means.  The fig cake was good, and the ice cream on top was decent.  Not made in house, so I was like, ehhh.

This is probably a fun date night for someone craving Indian cuisine, but IndeBlue is not foodie approved.
Happy Hour, that's what I'm sayin. If you can swipe yourself a seat at styley IndeBlue's little bar between the hours of 5-7 PM, you should that. Happy Hour: That's what I can't shut up about here. 

With select appetizers in the $3-$5 range, you can really fashion a nice Indian style small plates feast for yourself, or an early dinner perhaps? Also, there's drinking to be done here: $3 Kingfishers, along with $4 featured crafty drafts, $4 select glasses of reds and whites, $5 cocktails... 

Here. I'll offer this tip up for the ravenous ones; maybe you wanna order in shifts. Otherwise, a parade of tapas sized plates will ascend on you all at once. I mentioned, it's not a large bar. I got to have one of those, "Ah geez, we're makin a spectacle of ourselves, ahhhgain,' moments as we huddled in the corner with our veritable mini smorgasbord of Indian fusion flavors. 

There are a lot of lil dishes that were calling our names. We did a shameless samplin' and enjoyed em up plenty.   

I'm required by some kinda self-imposed regulation that I always have to have a samosa. The vegetable samosas were spot-hitters, filled with mildly spiced potato & peas and drizzled with chickpeas, chutneys, and yogurt. The other samosa style option on the bar menu during happy hour is the house-made tamarind barbeque pork spare rib samosa rolls served with a blue cheese wine sauce. I liked em just fine, but for me those rolls were all about the winey blue cheese condiment accompanying those fellers.

"Drums of Heaven," are representing for the wing portion of your happy hour hankerings. These frenched chicken wing drummies are batter-fried and then sauced in a slightly smoky, chili-tomato puree, with scattered blue cheese crumbles and scallion to top. Juicy. Messy! Tasty. Very tasty. 

Hey, and if your lookin for a fusiony flatbread, there's a daily featured naan pizza. "Ask your bartender," it says on the menu in parentheses. I can tell you, everyone asks. We heard the contents of that pizza repeated again and again...annnd despite that factoid, I know I'm still somehow leaving something off the list here, but you can believe me when I say that  it was a good'un comprised of crispy bottomed, pillowy naan, topped with roasted red peppers, carmelized onions, paneer, mozzarella, and cilantro. 

Out of everything, however, our top favorite bites were the crispy cauliflower appetizer and the stuffed long hot peppers appetizer. The crispy cauliflower was like that ole Indo-Chinese favorite of ours, Gobi Manchuria. Florets are batter-fried crispy and then spiced up with a, "medium heat,' tomato, chili, soy, ginger sauce. So good. So addictive. As always, I wish for more heat, but if you ask you can get a little of IndeBlue's red hot sauce on the side. I overheard another in-the-know lady do so, and I coppycatted. Yes.
 
The stuffed long hot peppers didn't need no extree burn, I'm happy to report. You know how it is with long hots, some of em have a sneaking heat, and some of em straight up sear. These two roasted (or fried) soft long hot peppers were of the latter variety and stuffed with mozzarella and crumbled paneer and herbs, resting in a pool of that now-familiar chili tomato sauce. Good stuff.

There you have it. We ate nearly everything on the happy hour menu and we dug it. Nearly everything... We'll return to devour the rest. IndeBlue's 5-7 daily happy hour became an instant favorite with us. Nice chaating with you.
I love everything about this place. They have one of the best brunches in Philadelphia. I come here for happy hour all the time just for the spinach chaat and paneer pizza. The drinks are different and amazing. I would highly recommend this place to anyone.
My girlfriend and I went over to IndeBlue for lunch the other day - we ordered from their "Express" menu (a GREAT deal - one app and one entree for $15).  Our express lunch took over an hour, but everything was pretty darn good...that was until I bit into my chicken tikka wrap and crunched down on a bone.  I couldn't get past that experience and sensation - I didn't finish my half of the wrap (my co-worker and I split everything we ordered).  My co-worker said her half was fantastic and even took mine back with her (and later found another bone).  

Bone biting aside, the rest of the meal was fantastic. We ordered the drums of heaven which were very meaty and had a great spice to them along with the crispy spinach chaat, a new favorite of mine, and this was one of the best I've had.  I just wished I hadn't had to share (just kidding).  

Our other entree (aside from the chicken tikka wrap) was malai kofta bukhara - a dish I have never tried before.  I absolutely LOVED it and will definiteily be ordering it again. 

I will definitely go back to IndeBlue, but I may stick with the vegetarian dishes!
Went to this location for a Saturday night dinner out. 
It was packed from the moment we walked in at 5:30 PM. We were not used to that, so we assumed the food has to be good. If you want to eat here, get a reservation. They cannot take walk-ins easily. 
The food was excellent to average depending on the course. 
I loved my order of Barbecue Spare Rib Samosa's. First the whole package was delicious. The blue cheese sauce was outstanding and helped create a balance on the dish. 
My wife ordered diver scallops. It was good, but I felt the spicy heat of the dish overpowered the sweetness of scallops. 
This is a warning you should heed, the menu does include a rating for how spicy something is. 

On to dinner, I ordered a Lamb Rojan Gosh. It was on fire spicy. It had fresh cut peppers throughout the sauce. I was hoping for something less spicy. The lamb was cooked well and I liked the flavor of the sauce without the heat. The jasmine rice that came with it was well prepared and flavorful. 
My wife ordered a Paneer Saag, which she did not find flavorful. They took it back and made her a different offering. She also had a Paneer Tikka Masala. She really loved and devoured it. Her replacement dish was Baingan Bharta. By that time she was full and said little about it.
We also had a bread basket with the variety of breads. They are all delicious and the sizable amount gone by the end of the night. 
I ordered dessert and my wife passed on it. I ordered the Banana Nirvana. I really wanted a play on Gulab Jaman, one of my favorite Indian desserts. I thought it was average. The balls of dough were too much like donuts and less like the traditional dessert. I liked the ice cream and sauces. I just found the balls slightly too chewy/rubbery. 

Service is a little slow at times. Glass of water not refilled quickly and I was not asked if I wanted a second drink for the night. 
Lastly, one piece of humor was a lady in the back of the restaurant that was preposterously loud with her laughing. I did not ever see staff ask her to tone it down. Clearly, many people in the restaurant found it very intrusive, yes it was that loud. The restaurant is loud already, so to be heard that clearly and bother people should have been addressed. 

The evening went well and I would recommend this location for Indian food.
I went for brunch and fell in love with the trendy Indian based dishes. All the foods were tasty and I loved the atmosphere. I would love to come back and visit when I'm in town again.
It's kinda crazy, but this unexpected last minute decision to try out Indeblue's happy hour specials may have been the best culinary experience since our transplant to the City of Brotherly Love. I think the best way to describe Indeblue is that it's a hipster new-age Indian-fusion restaurant. Alright, so all of these words make my own skin crawl, but truth be told, the food is awesome! My recommendations: try every dish on the happy hour menu, especially the pizza!

When my wife and I arrived at 6pm, we were lucky enough to find the last remaining seats at the bar and met one of the friendliest and talented bartender, who really treated us like long-lost friends and allowed us to be who we are, which is just exuding PDA at full force. With the exception of the wings, my wife and I tried everything (not exaggeration). My favorite, which to my surprise, was the pizza, as it was served on a warm nan drizzled with a special spicy sauce and sprinkled with soft and yummy cheese. I also enjoyed the stuffed pepper and the spicy baozi. If you have to be picky, then I may skip out on the kale salad (too fried), veggie samosa (it was alright, but forgettable), and the pork egg rolls (too high starch to meat ratio). Since I wasn't feeling the super sweet happy hour cocktails, the bartender (whom I forgot his name, but he works there often) made me a special scotch cocktail that had amazing subtle flavors and he spent a great deal describing the nuances in detail. The best part is that after all this food, we spent less than $80 (after tax and tip) and left feeling stuffed like kings. P

Please be advised that the main (regular menu) items are quite pricy and is not reflected on this review.

o Food: 5 stars
o Service (bar): 7 stars
o Ambiance: 3-4 stars
o Price (happy hour): 5 stars
The only Indian restaurant in Philly I love going to! I have been going to Indeblu since it opened in Philly and over the years have enjoyed there food.

There have been times when the service or the food would have been better but overall it's always been consistent in the quality of food and service. I love their weekend brunch menu which keeps getting new addition and would highly recommend their happy hour for anyone looking to try this place for the first time.

My all time favorite dishes are their Drums of Heaven, Spinach Chaat, Dahi Avocado Chaat, Chana Masala, Paneer Bhurji and their Thali specials. It's a great place for meat lovers and vegans alike and the cocktails have a nice twist with Indian flavoring or spices!
Venue: romantic, clean, regal, large and small groups welcomed

Parking: nonexistent, street parking, walk or public transit is best

Service: unbelievably amazing! Bennett was our server and he was just awesome. Knew his menu, knew his audience, knew his trade. He did everything well and made us feel very welcomed and just overall great service, not overbearing and not too absent. Friendly and respectful!

Food: there were some really great standout dishes including the spinach app, poutine, paneer dishes, rice pudding. Other ancillary dishes were great too but by personal preference some were gamier and/or fishier than you would want/expect. The bread basket was awesome too! My favorite was their sweet naan. I already am craving more.

Price: a bit pricey in my opinion. It was an amazing dining experience but the food wasn't perfect so to charge $60-70 a person was a bit much. But the company and service made it worth it. If I were eating alone, probably would not have been happy with the deal I got.

Overall: a great experience, would die for the spinach recipe! Will be back for sure. Happy eating!
Absolutely the best Indian cuisine I have ever had. From start to finish, presentation to service to the taste was impeccable. I didn't know food can taste this good! Well worth the every penny. Never ending compliments to the chef! Our server for the night took care of my date and I very well. I highly recommend all their dishes. I had the coconut rasam sea bass, and it was creamy and smooth and a whole set of different flavors having a party in my mouth. Indeblue, you are amazing.
This place was great and so was the food, and this is coming from a person who is spicy intolerant! 
Andrew was our server and he was EXCELLENT: not only super polite, but also so respectful and thoughtful. Best server I've had in a long  time to be honest. Please give this man a raise!
If you are like me and can't handle spicy/hot things, try the chicken makhani for your entree as it seems to be the least spicy of all and I agree, I could tolerate it.
The environment is so calm and the ambiance so relaxing, I really enjoyed my time here and I would definitely come back given the opportunity!
Brunch was great.  Chicken and Waffles were amazing.  The lamb and shrimp apps were good too.  Great Bloody Mary.  Wish there were 6 Stars
I went here for brunch, but I can safely say that pretty much every dish here is unique and will go beyond satisfying expectations. It's pretty great that this place offers a brunch menu. They even have bacon so you're basic brunch needs will be satisfied! Often times when I'm in the city looking for a brunch spot, I want something different than the traditional brunch menu. I had the stuff long pepper with paneer, which was amazing because it had that cheesy inside with an added spice. They have a large variety of naans including some topped with melted cheese as well as naan pizzas. Also had the chicken tikka masala served with rice, which was much better than any Indian restaurant in Philly. I highly recommend this  restaurant if you're in the mood for indian food with a fusion twist.
