Wer Philadelphia besucht, um Amerikas historisch bedeutsamste Quadratmeile zu besuchen, sollte sich vorher im Visitor Center mit Informationsmaterial versorgen. Das Independence Visitor Center befindet sich in der 599 Market Street.

Das Center ist nur wenige Schritte von einigen der beliebtesten Attraktionen von Philadelphia entfernt, wie z.B. das Liberty Bell Center und der Independence Hall. Von außen sieht das Gebäude sehr modern aus und von innen ist es sehr hell und freundlich gestaltet.

Neben der kostenlosen Nutzung des WLAN gibt es hier auch einen Souvenirshop mit allerlei verschiedenen Nippes. Darüber hinaus kann man hier Tickets für über 60 Attraktionen und Touren buchen. Im Gebäude finden in den Räumlichkeiten und in der Lobby verschiedene Veranstaltungen statt.

In der Halle waren mehrere in alten Kostümen gekleidete Mitarbeiter des Visitor Centers, die mit den Kindern bastelten oder Fragen zur Geschichte der USA beantworteten. Im mittleren Bereich konnte man sich mit Snacks und Getränken versorgen, die man in der Cafeteria verzehren konnte.

Wir hatten hier zur Vorbereitung einen kleinen historischen Film geschaut und die sauberen Toiletten genutzt. Bewaffnet mit einer Umgebungskarte haben wir uns dann wieder auf den Weg gemacht. Ein wirklich schönes Besucherzentrum, das man uneingeschränkt empfehlen kann.
I'm not one to collect souvenirs any longer. I enjoyed looking while the family and friends got what they wanted. 

In order to get tickets for the tour of Independence Hall you must suffer the temptation to shop until you drop. I'm not going to belabor the quality or quote prices. You get what you want when you're on vacation. I'll just enjoy the photos I took of my daughter's loot! 

I do recommend you bring home a souvenir. I'm fond of the George Washington!
When you want to goto any museum in the downtown area, you must head to "Independence Visitor Center" first. This is where you can get free tickets to go to the museums. The building is open to the public and very long. It houses items that help shine light on the buildings in the surrounding area. Also it's a food court, where you can go and grab a bit to eat. Also they have a tourist shop, to allow you to buy trinkets to mark the occasion of visiting "The city of brotherly love", I believe the put rich history ahead of high mark up cost for profits (Wink, wink). Either way, it's the hub of Philadelphia's cultural experience, so I'm pretty sure you'll check it out. Just bring extra cash if you want to shop.
This used to be the place to come to get Free timed entry tickets to the Independence Hall and they still have signs throughout to tell you so.  

Who knows this different arrangement may be only during this pandemic and they might start issuing a ticket again.

Information desk staff is very knowledgeable and friendly and they can help you book other tickets.

They also have clean restrooms and a nice size gift shop where I ended up spending more than I originally anticipated.
An excellent place to visit before embarking on your historical tour of Philadelphia! The Independence Visitor Center features a few small exhibits of Philadelphia's most iconic landmarks. There's also a large map of Philadelphia center right in the middle of exhibit room that lists the locations of Philadelphia's most prominent historical markers. In the exhibit room, you can learn about the evolution of Philadelphia and get a sneak peak of how people lived back in the day. There's also so interesting information about the famous crack in the Liberty Bell.

Aside from the exhibits, this visitor center also functions as a souvenir and snack shop. There's an information desk where you can inquire about specific landmarks and tours. Tickets for tours of Independence Hall can also be purchased here. They've got clean public restrooms inside. This visitor center is conveniently located right across from the Liberty Bell Center, so it's easy to make the Liberty Bell your next stop. Would highly recommend a stop here before touring the city's historical landmarks.
Philadelphia has, in a manner unknown to many East Coast cities (looking at you, Baltimore), a great way to bring history to both visitors and interested locals. The focal point of this effort is the visitors center in the Independence Mall section of town.

Built on top of a central, three-level underground parking garage, the visitors center serves as the first point of entry of anyone coming in by car. There is a cafe, a series of stalls and displays to pick up brochures and get ideas, and multiple spots to catch a tour (bus, carriage, walking), and get your tickets for entry into Independence Hall itself. The tickets are timed and run out, so get here early in the peak season.

A unique aspect I only noticed today, during our first mid-summer visit, are the re-enactors throughout the facility. They come and go throughout the day, but seem to come out in force at lunch time. A good way to get the kids interested in the local history.

I highly recommend, on a first visit, to do three things: 

1.Get a walking tour to familiarize yourself with the area and find additional things to see.

2. Visit Independence Hall. It's a great piece of preserved history, wonderfully narrated and very interesting to even the most non-historical person.

3. Visit the National Constitution Center. A great interactive center for the entire family that displays a unique Philly perception of the Constitution lost during the Washington tours: It's a work in progress. Unique and enlightening.

Overall a great place to start your adventure.
How can people not give this place five stars?!  It's an enormous, free visitor's center where people give you tons of information about Philadelphia as well as free tickets to various attractions around town.  Awesome!

The Visitor's Center is enormous and there's always tons of stuff happening.  They're open almost every single day of the year (with the exception of Thanksgiving Day, Christmas, etc.) and there's a lot of helpful people around to answer all your questions about Philadelphia.  Need a transit map and advice about buses or trains?  Just ask!  Need free tickets to Independence Hall?  Just ask!  Need directions to local attractions inside and outside of the city?  Just ask!  They really know all there is to know about Philadelphia and the surrounding area (they'll even give sample itineraries for trips to NYC).

We came in here just about everyday just to see what was going on.  There's a lot of characters dressed up like Revolutionary war symbols and they're open to answer any questions you have.  There's breakfast with Ben Franklin almost everyday of the week (awesome for kids), live colonial-era music, friendly workers around to answer questions, an information desk with pamphlets, food, souvenirs, etc.  

Definitely stop in if you're new to Philadelphia and would like some advice on what to do.  They also sell bus/train tokens - score!
Awesome and free!  And a great oplace to find a bathroom, a map, a place to rest for a bit and/or get directions to tourist attractions or general info.

Even for locals like me!

I have taken my little one here since she was 3 and we come a few times each summer - usually between trips to the Liberty Bell or Constitution Center of the National Museum of American Jewish History.

We even took the (now ill-fated) duck boat ride a few years ago (before all the problems) and enjoyed it.

But event if we are not doing "philly stuff" we know we can always duck in here for the bathrooms just in case!
Independence Visitor Center should be any visitor's first stop for Philadelphia (and surrounding area) information, tour info and tix, clean bathrooms, and it has great info if you just want a quick read of American History. 

Since I was on a whirlwind walking tour of the area, I caught up on my History of Philadelphia, America, and also the Underground Railroad here. There's also a wall-sized map of the area, with iPads to navigate.

Other helpful things:
- Bike Rentals
- Free phone charging
- Lounge areas to rest those weary tourist feet
- 15 or 30 minute History movies
- Gift Shop

I got my son a "Love" Philadelphia penny using one of those penny cranking machines, and Oh, I saw a National Park Ranger giving an Oath to a kid, so that was kind of cool if you have kiddos.
If you have never been to Philadelphia and you wanted to be a tourist for all things historical in the city, this should probably be your first stop before you attempt to figure out where you are going.

Being a Pennsylvania native and resident I have to admit that I have never really ever been to Philadelphia, the closest I had ever got was flying through the area, so I really don't think that the airport counts in that aspect.  I knew what Philadelphia held in terms of history, but I did not know where all those historical places were actually located.

I decided that I would stop in here and take at least a look around and see if there were some type of map that would show me where everything was located at.  So you know, they do have maps, and they do show you where everything is located at.

I went a bit further when I went to grab a map.  I asked one of the employees working about what things were located where and which ones were suggested to do.  Not only did the employee point out everything that is shown on the map, but she did a quick rundown of how much each would cost me if I wanted to go to each location.  This employee also knew exactly what the cost of each location would be, of course I paid close attention to the ones that were free.

Public restrooms available within, free Wifi, and you can purchase your tickets here for nearby attractions.
$108!

That's how much I left at the Independence Visitor Center when I went souvenir hunting for my family.  One Hundred and eight smackeroos!

The Independence Visitor Center can be pricey if you're looking for souvenirs.  I walked away with a couple of mugs, a couple of shirts, three key chains, and a magnet.  Ironically this center was one of my last visits, but if you're walking around the city, it's a building you likely wont miss.

Staff are great, the store is a pretty decent size for all of the souvenirs you can buy, and as others have mentioned, there are free restrooms to take advantage of.  With that said, the Independence Visitors Center is a little more pricey than competitors when it comes to souvenirs, so just plan accordingly.  

The bonus is, in addition to all things Philadelphia here, there's lots of Rocky souvenirs as well if you're so inclined, and I was.

A-Okay shop with a lot of selection to purchase from, and it's a large "can't miss" building, but it can be a little pricey.  Other than that, have fun and enjoy Philadelphia!
Huge visitor center~ Besides information booth, tour desks, gift shops, snack vendors and small theater (showing highlight of the city). The staffs are very friendly and helpful. It opens at 8:30am and visitors are already waiting in line for the free admission tickets to the Independence Hall. I love the story telling time at the hallway. They dress up as characters and super knowledgeable about the history.
A conveniently located visitor center in the heart of Old City. There's not necessarily anything about it that's worth a special visit, but if you need help with directions or with prioritizing what you should see while in town, there are staffed information desks here.

There are also rotating exhibits, plus theatres where you can view films about Independence Hall to the extent that you can't get tickets for it. Of course, there's the obligatory gift shop, concession stand, and restrooms. Worth it for the pit stop, at least.
This was such a useful launching point before diving in to the surrounding historical sites. We especially appreciated the short video highlighting Philadelphia's main attractions and the beautiful landscape. The team working the Helpdesk pointed us in the direction of lockers to store our backpacks while exploring. From this point you can easily reach the neighboring liberty bell, Constitution Museum, historical streets and cemeteries and Independence Hall to name a few. And, of course, the visitors center offers a gift shop and educational nuggets on the history of the area and its people.
Wow, what a great, modern visitor center!  This should be your first stop when in Philadelphia to visit Independence Hall, the Liberty Bell, and all of the surrounding areas.  First and foremost, it's where you get tickets to actually go inside Independence Hall.

The restrooms alone are worth the visit.  I've been going to the bathroom most of my life, and the men's room is probably the nicest larger rest room I've been in.  It was clean, modern, and gave you a nice sense of relief that you weren't walking into a glorified outhouse.

There are two theaters where you can watch informational videos on Philadelphia and other topics.  There's a Hershey Ice Cream shop where you can get Hershey gear and milkshakes (although they didn't have the Reese's Shake which they have at Hersheyworld in Hershey, PA and may be the best milkshake ever).  There's also a gift shop where you buy gifts (imagine that) or things for which to remember your trip.

Upstairs, there's some meeting space as well as a terrace where you can look over the park and sites in the distance.  As far as visitor centers go, this one is top notch!  Oh, don't forget there's information about the attractions!
Walking through Independance Mall, the blue skies turned grey and cold. I decided to pop inside for a second to check out the Visitor Center. Inside the modern new structure, you can find a gift shop, restrooms, information and tickets for tours and theaters showing historic films. 

The thing I found most interesting was the museum on the Underground railroad and abolishing slavery in the United States. The musuem is free, no wait to get in and very interesting. 

When I left, I encountered a quick but magestic flurry of snowflakes falling in the grassy area of the Independence Mall. It was beautiful, but like I learned that Philadelphians say "If it (the snow) doesn't stick, it doesn't count".
I have spent a lot of my life traveling, and so I have seen my share of the tourist industry.  Some tourist spots hit it right on the nose, while others fly far from the target.  Philadelphia not only hits the bullseye, but you actually feel like they set the bar with tourism, and the Independence Visitors Center is like the core of its universe.

I know, I know, that's a big statement when you think of all of the great tourist spots in the world, but I really appreciate the way that the Independence Visitors Center is set up.  The building is large, but not monstrous, and I have always been impressed with how they make history seem very modern and interesting.

The customer service desk is knowledgeable, friendly, and quick.  They are able to easily point you in the right direction for just about anything in town.

My wife and I were in town for a week to play tourist, and the Independence Visitors Center is where we began and ended each day (not even on purpose...it just happened).  Kudos to Philly for doing it right!
Independence Visitor Center is really clean, with clean bathrooms, and is a one-stop-shop for all your information needs.

There are also mini exhibits that you can peruse while you are there. There is a desk with very helpful and friendly guides who can provide you tour hours and such of the attractions around the area. They would even advise you as to how to budget your time to help you see as many attractions as possible.

This is a great first stop before checking out the attractions in the area.
Philadelphia, you impress me! As a Los Angeles outsider, I'll be blunt by saying that L.A. would never get a deluxe tourist center such as this one, with this much property space, clean lobbies, historical plaques and information hosts that actually know what they're talking about. Of course, this city has historical significance, having been the birthplace of the Declaration of Independence, which the drafting and signing happened across the street. #brainy
The visitors center is located in the heart of the "historic", it's all historic isn't it?, area of Philly.  The bathrooms are clean, it's heated and air conditioned, they have food and a gift shop, helpful staff to answer your questions, tickets to Independence Hall, and those penny smooshing machines that I have an affinity for.  What more can you ask for?
Information overload in a great way! Conveniently located near the underground parking garage we parked at. Just take the elevator up and you are right in the lobby of a bustling visitor center. Once inside you can: Pick up Independence Hall tickets (free but set times - go early to book a spot same day), plan your visit, and watch films in the Independence Visitor Center (free).  Ask the knowledgeable park rangers about programs, walking tours and special events. City concierge staff will gladly assist you with information about lodgings and restaurants.
There is also: 
An ATM, water fountain, a store, café, restrooms, loaner wheelchairs, and free Wi-Fi. 
Lastly: 
Open daily 8:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. from September 6 - May 2017. Open 'til 7 p.m. from Memorial Day to Labor Day. Closed Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day. 
Well worth the stop in! Enjoy!
The Independence Visitor Center is in an attractive brick building on a nicely manicured lawn, located across from the Liberty Bell.  At the visitor center, you can get maps, buy tickets, purchase souvenirs, etc; all the typical things expected at a visitors' center.  There's also a cafe and free wifi.  And most useful of all: washrooms!  

Hours are 8:30am to 6pm, extended to 7pm between Memorial Day and Labor Day.

[Yelp collections: East Coast 2016; Pee for free!]
This is a good place to stop in first when visiting Philly to get your bearings, pick up some maps, and obtain good advice on what to do, what to see and how to get there.

I stopped by a few times to ask questions and use it as a means to get some AC to cool down during a very hot weekend.  The NPS staff are patient, friendly and very helpful.    Thank you for the suggestions for what I could do while waiting to get into Independence Hall and offering to get me in earlier (I had booked tickets online) than my reserved time.  

There rest rooms, a gift shop, displays on interesting sites in Philly, places to sit down and grab food and folks dressed in period costume involved in various crafts open to speaking to visitors.  There are also staff there that provide talks on various topics.  During my visit the movie theatre was not operating. 

This visitor center is across from the Liberty Bell, so very centrally located and easy to find.
Your initial stop  before you head to the historic sites in the area. My husband had reserved our spot to tour the Independence Hall sites, so we came here to claim our tickets and be directed on where to go. The visitor's center was quite lovely. There were concessions, theatres, shops and more history to learn. From what it looked like, they working on expanding. Employees were highly informative and it was super clean. After all the sites have closed, this place is still open for another hour, so you can get relaxed, refreshed and informed on your next adventure. I am looking back to my next visit, so I can see what the expansion looks like. Most sites are walking distance from here, so you'll enjoy strolling the streets of historic Philly!
Independence Visitor's Center is the starting spot  for your touristy time in Philly.  It's a large building with entrances from 3 different sides so it's not overly crowded.  The south entrance closest to the Liberty Bell has very clean restrooms and a nice gift shop.   It's where you can buy your refrigerator magnets of cracked Liberty Bells, books about Ben Franklin, Rocky T-shirts, etc.  It's a pretty large gift shop so if you are wanting something from Philly, this is the spot.  

This is also where the National Park office is so if you want to visit Independence Hall this is where you will get your tickets.  You can either stand in line and get an almost Disney-esque Fast Pass with the next available time or reserve a time online and pick them up via will call.  You can also get your National Park stamps here for all things Philly for those dorks like me that carry the National Park Passport.  

There's a snack cart with sammiches, coffee, Cokes, chips, water and other goodies in here as well.  There is also a ton of seating if you need to just take a break and relax from the heat.  There are 2 picture ops with Ben Franklin and Rocky if that tickles your fancy plus tons of tourist pamphlets for last minute ideas.  I swore there was a small museum the last time I visited and there is some new construction as of this writing so that maybe what is happening.  Not sure  

The perfect spot to start your trip and take a break from it.
The visitor center is a nice walking self guided tour with lots of pictures and things to read.  Even though there's a lot of history, it's still more of a journey than it is a destination.
We parked near the Visitor Center to kill time before our reservation. Parking was free if you are out of the garage before 7. The staff will give you a ticket to get out of the garage.  The bathroom was social distanced. The sinks were taped off and they have a these neat air driers which is neat and usefully easy to use.
A really wonderful place to visit where you can get all the information you will need and also buy some goodies
The Independence Visitor Center is a really great, clean building where you can use their facilities, browse the gift shop, get tickets for the museums like Independence Hall, etc. 

There are informative videos on Philadelphia along with other topics as well. It's an incredibly modern, clean, and great building to get your orientation if you're new to Philadelphia or just popping in to do some fun touristy stuff. If you need it for one thing and one thing only, just use this spot for their spotless facilities.
Went to the Independence VC to get info, Independence Hall Tickets which are FREE & required when you go in March-whenever.

They have nice bathrooms near the front.

Saw a boring movie - skip it!

Read on the history in the building - kinda meh too.
ATTENTION TOURISTS -- THERE ARE FREE BATHROOMS HERE.

Sorry Independence VC... Not sure what else is going on here other than a gift shop.  Maybe I should investigate further.

Did I mention there are clean bathrooms?
Very clean visitor center friendly people. You can buy tickets for any tour and get snacks/ refreshments here as well as see historical displays. Get transportation maps here
I was shocked to see this place but I suppose that makes for a good start to historical Philadelphia.

When I first moved to Philadelphia in 1988, there was a (probably) 200 year old house on the south side of Market Street that had been renovated to be the visitor center.  It might have held 25 people at a time.  Outside, you could catch the route 76 bus that took you around the city to see historical sites, while in the usual comfort of SEPTA's inconsistent air conditioning.

2012 was the first in a while I'd been back here and I was shocked at the National Constitution Museum.  Where did they get all the money?

However, it is extremely important that we recognize Philadelphia as one of the nation's early capitals and how important it was to there being a nation at all, especially apart from England.

The visitor center has many displays and many guides dressed in colonial garb, explaining about the various displays.  There are also ticket sales, a convenience store, and a put-yourself-in-historical-Philadelphia photography studio.

The day I was there it wasn't very crowded.  I suppose people were already waiting in the queue for the Liberty Bell or Independence Hall/Pennsylvania State House.
nice to know about 1st United States Postmaster General" 

Philadelphia keeps the same importance as Boston in American independence history. and their downtowns are almost similar. Franklin court was in our checklist of Philly and it did not disappoint us when we get to know how Mr Franklin started post office, how he lived there. Remains of the old house are still preserved and well maintained. The old path which Mr. Franklin used to take to reach his house, is still in use. See pics for more
I'm pretty sure 90% of people come here to pick up tickets for Independence Hall. That being said, that was my purpose here! I did use the bathrooms - very clean and lots of stalls. The staff here are really nice and we got our tickets for Independence Hall quickly and efficiently. We also got a map which was pretty helpful in directing us to the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall. Other than that, not really much to keep you here and there were a couple of sketchy figures hanging out lol.
Nice spot. 

1) Come here to get the tickets for the Independence Hall tour. 
2) Also, they have clean restrooms, free Wi-Fi, maps, etc. 
3) Also, there are performers, who make this place lively.
If you're in the Independence Hall area and wanting to know more information about the relevance of Independence Hall and other local historical attractions in the area, this HAS to be your first stop.  

All the staff is friendly and helpful and not just in the "the bathrooms are down the hall" kind of way.  If you want information about the importance of the Continental Congress and Philadelphia's role of the newly formed country while Washington DC was being built, just ask.  If you want information about the effect of the yellow fever epidemic, just ask.  And be prepared for being bombarded with brochures and maps.

Tickets are required for some exhibits of the Independence Hall area, but the visitor center has lots of exhibits with lots of information.  There are (clean) bathrooms and a place to rest as there is a lot of walking involved.

My only complaint is although there is a lot of people filtering in and out of the area, but not a lot of clear signage and instructions as to where to go.  I would assume the visitor center would be reminiscent of an airport with signage every two feet.

Overall, this is a must-stop on your list of touring Philadelphia.  Even if you're like us and didn't have tickets to Independence Hall, stop in here to learn more (and at least use the bathroom since there are not restroom facilities at all buildings around Independence Hall).
This is a must stop for Philadelphia tourist.  

For starters, it's an oasis in the summer: water fountains, air conditioning, and free bathrooms.

But the real purpose of this center is to provide information and tickets to tourists.  The staff are friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful.  There are free tickets for tours here, and lot of literature to help navigate this great city.
Parking below the center: $13.50 for the day with early bird pricing.

Clean and bright.
"Terminal" type food options (as in airport terminal....rail terminal). You can book other tours here. The Philly Phlash, Duck Boat tours, bus tours, segway tours.
You also pick up your tickets for Independence Hall here. The line moves quickly, the park employees are helpful and efficient.
Clean bathrooms also available next to the souvenir shop (with a shorter line than the public ones across the street in the square).
Strongly recommend to order tickets in advance for visiting Independence Hall.  I understand that tour times and tickets are limited; so you risk missing out unless you have advance purchase tickets.This is particularly important during peak summer visiting season.  This is off site from Independence Hall but a short 5 minute walk.
Fabulous and free (and air conditioned with decent bathrooms).
Gift Shop.

Mission Control for tourists doing the Historic Philly thing!
Great information. Great souvenirs. Nice LARGE bathrooms. Nice rest area. Great people. Very helpful. This place is a MUST GO if you're trying to figure out what to see and what to do. This is the epitome of a great visitor center. Always make this your FIRST stop before you go anywhere else!

Also pick up at LOVE mug and a LOVE keychain with the liberty bell. So awesome!
A college student should need to visit Independence Mall before they're considered graduates. This visitor center is incredible and the experience is one that I truly wish every American could live.
This is the spot for surprisingly clean restrooms and a convenient A/C stop on a hot day, and where you might be able to grab same-day tickets to Independence Hall.
Free and Clean Bathrooms?  Check

Bitchin' A/C?  Check

Free Wi-Fi?  Check

The ability to purchase tickets to almost every attraction and tour in town that matters?  Check

Maps?  Check

Brochures, Brochures, and even more Brochures?  Damn Right

Every city should be lucky enough to have a building like this where pretty much everything you need is under one roof.

Sure it has two clinkers in that the gift shop is full of crap while being grossly overpriced and their "cafe" is equally overpriced and with numerous other eating options around there really is no need to pay their extortionistic prices.

But overall this Visitors Center does the city proud and it really is a great beginning point to either get ideas or just to cool off for a bit in between stops.
Great place. It has tons of information you would need to tour around Philly. You can purchase your tickets here. There are tour guides available and also multiple seatings with a small coffee shop.
Great spot to stop in while visiting Old City, the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall. There's a wonderful gift shop to purchase all things Philly, restrooms and (obviously) a visitor center with more info.

This would be a good starting or ending point to your adventure and a respite from the hot and humid weather of Philly.
This visitor center is awesome.  It is in the heart of Independence park and has a huge grass area outside that you can hang out and lounge. Inside they have a few photo ops like a Ben Franklin and Philly Fanatic Statue. They also have an information booth manned by US Park Rangers more than willing to provide you with recommendations on where to visit and local tips. There is also a small woman's suffrage exhibit. While I was there the exhibit was limited to a small hallway exhibit and you could see the full exhibit in the back. You can view a brief movie, while practicing social distancing in their theater and but attraction tickets there as well. The entire staff there is very friendly and the place is well maintained, modern and clean. I must say that the bathroom was cleaner than a lot of restaurants that I have eaten. There is a lot of open space there. I think there is a viewing area upstairs, but it was closed for a private event while I was there. 

There is a small cafe in there with limited hours and a well stocked gift shop in the front of the store that has Rocky, Hersey, Philadelphia, and Constitution memorabilia. I made a few purchases while I was there and took a pictures with their Rocky statue. This should be your first stop if you are at Independence Park or visiting any of the associated attractions.
Helpful staff, clean interior, and informative murals and placards. There is also a Rocky statue.
Movies exhibits and tours are happening throughout the visitor center. There is a gift shop and plenty of clearly noticeable staff to help direct to the various historic sites. Parking below the center can be pricy and can get full. 

Worth a visit to get immersed into various history of Philadelphia and the United States.

I would come back.
By, mistake I checked in at the museum itself. I did not go there due to the line waiting to het in and the cost. I'm not paying to go in there. Sorry about it. The setting hiwever was great and the visitir Center down the lawn about 1/4 mile was even better. There was even a gentleman in there giving a narrative regarding the era. They had interactive touchboards noting events and things to do. Great places to take silly pictures and a chocolate cafe. I thought it was really nice and the weather was perfect for strolling the grounds.  And....its free. Thank you.
If you're visiting Philly and want some good advice on where to head to next in the area, I HIGHLY recommend stopping in and having a chat with a guide.  There's a phone charging center, and snacks, and very clean bathrooms, and all the local brochures you can imagine.  It's one of the best visitor centers I've ever been in, and definitely also stop in if you collect national historic stamps and pennies. :)
I remember when visiting the historic area of Philadelphia consisted of looking at the Liberty Bell and reading a plaque, then walking over to Independence Hall and going on an informative but short tour.  Overall, it was a totally undeserving historical experience in one of the most storied cities in the country.  

The addition of the Independence Visitor Center changed this.  It's not a museum in the sense that you will spend hours here, but it provides a good overview of information and a starting point to get information and check out the area.
I did my homework from home before leaving on trip and yes paid the $6 for reserving tickets for Independence Hall online but so glad I did!  I had planned our day's itinerary and needed the early afternoon tickets to squeeze in everything we wanted to do that day.  When we arrived at 2pm to pick-up the reserved tickets all tickets were given out for the day (hear that you have to go early to reserve spot you want)  We were across town all morning so would have not been able to tour if we had waited and not reserved online.  The ranger was so great, talked the kids into doing the Jr. Ranger program and actually created some excitement to fill out the book!!  Thank you!  They diligently worked on the books and listened during the tours which means they learned a lot and had fun at the same time!

Because of this experience on our family tour day, the day only the kids and I were together to tour or play in Philly they wanted to explore more history related areas so we spent the morning in the Constitution center (they LOVED The signing room!  (My husband was even able to see them on the live webcam feed while he was in his conference!)  Helped make him feel like he did not miss out on everything.  Wanting to experience more of what the life was like for the Philadelphia people ( my daughter and I read Fever 1793 a few weeks ago) So we decided to see if we could do a tour of the Todd and White house in the afternoon. Looking forward to comparing life of a middle class family with that of an upper class family.   To the ranger who tried to talk me out of signing up the kids for the tour, thanks for dampening their desire to learn history.  Left a really negative impression of rangers - (That lady was rude was said multiple times the rest of the day by the kids not me!)  She finally did sign the kids and I up after she asked them how old they were (9 and 11) and if they really wanted to tour two houses (implying that it would be very boring), the kids said they really did want to see the houses and she did finally give me a reserved time of 3pm. (the last available openings of the day)  We planned our afternoon walking tour to end at the Todd house and started out on our day.  We loved the Betsy Ross house and other historical buildings during the afternoon.  We arrived 20min early for the Todd and White houses tour so found a shady spot and rested until 5min till 3pm.  We arrived at the tour starting spot on the street about 2min til 3pm to find no one there.  We were concerned when 3pm came and went and no one showed up.  Turns out that the heat caused the tour to start even earlier than 2min till so we missed the tour!!  After calling and finding this out (number was located on the bottom of the reservation sheet - to call if we were NOT able to make the tour time), we decided to not wait 15 more min in the sun to wait until the tour left the Todd house and pick it up on the way into the White house, just too hot.  The entire encounter from the ranger trying to talk us out of taking the tour to the tour starting early and without us was such a disappointment for our last day in Philly.

So reserve early and show up early even if it means standing in 90+ temps  in the sun or go to the Franklin Institute for the entire day!!
This really is our go-to spot when we need info. on the goings on in the city! It has a desk where some of the rangers sit and answer any questions you may have about the city! They are all about the city's history and love to talk with tourists and share the amazing history there that helped shaped our country. If you tell them the attrctions you want to see, they'll know what times those buildings are open until and can give you a rundown of what you can find at those locations. They can also give you some suggestions for other neat attractions nearby that might peak your interest.
     There's a pretty big gift shop there and a counter where you can grab lunch, fresh fruit, salads etc. There's alos a theater in there that shows a movie about the founding of the nation. We popped in and watched it one day when it was brutally hot outside and we needed a break from the heat.

Big Tip:
OK- so if you're into history and you want to see something really, really cool, you MUST check out the Todd House & Bishop White House. We only learned of them through word of mouth through the rangers, and the buildings are not open to the general public. So how do you get in? Here's the deal: You must go to the visitors center when it OPENS at 8am! If you go at 8:30 or 9, the tickets will absolutely be GONE! The rangers only conduct two tours a day with just 8 people per tour group, of these homes. We had gotten there at 8:10 and I ended up in a mad dash against a group of senior citizens to get the tickets. Both homes are on the same block and they tour your through Todd house first and then Bishop White house. They say the Bishops house is haunted. Both homes are preserved perfectly. They'll also share with you reasons why the families died off with the exception of Mr.Todd. Apparently the plaugue that had hit the town was due to filthy sewage that was actually congregating in a drainage pit directly behind these two homes, which tourists walk through today as it is now a grassy knoll! The tickets are free and are on a first come, first served basis. If you're interested, ask at the ranger desk about it and they will give you the info. about them. Just keep in mind that if it's after 8:10 or so, you'll probably have to wait until the following day. 
ENJOY!!!
I love this center. Plenty of places to charge your phone. If you don't have a charger no worries they can charge your phone for a small fee. Clean bathrooms are located here. Plenty of seating area of you want to rest and plan out your day. In the summer it's nicely air conditioned and in the winter it's nice and toasty. 
The staff are extremely helpful in planning your trip. 
They also have special activities for children, where they Dress up and give the kids stickers. It's a cool little area to visit or in my case, if you need a clean place to use the restroom
The place rocks when you have kids. Place is clean, has affordable food if you are on the go or if your kids is complaining that he/she is hungry, and bathrooms! Those that work at the information desk are extremely helpful and friendly. They made is very easy for us to decide what we were going to do next and how. We never got lost.
1st: very well-kept, clean including the bathroom (like my nephew always ask "do you have to visit every bathroom in the world!? My answer is YES!  I think bathrooms say a lot about a place & you shouldn't have to put your bladder through pain).
2nd: helpful staff to give you tips of places to visit in the area, they provide maps for free as well, and there's some tickets you're able to purchase by them. 
3rd: They have a parking lot attached to them so if you park here it's pretty easy to get around the old town. We parked for about 6 hours and paid $21

If it's your first time visiting Philadelphia (Philly) then stop by here and get some guidance which would be beneficial. It's right across the Liberty Hall so it's a great starting point & also near the Liberty bell.
If you like history, you have to come here.  Be sure to visit the Visitor Center FIRST for free tickets to tour Independence Hall.  Then walk across the street to see the Liberty Bell.  You will have to go through security first.  Security checks your bag, you take off your coat and on you go.  If you want to only see the Liberty Bell head straight to the back of the museum.  It has a beautiful view of Independence Hall as it's backdrop.  

You go through security again to enter Independence Hall.  Once in you have the chance to tour Congress Hall, West Wing, Independence Hall, East Wing and Old City Hall.  The tour guide was friendly and interesting.  Tours take place at specific times. 

Most points of interest are within walking distance: First Bank of the United States, National Constitution Center, United States Mint, Franklin Square and Washington Square.  So much to see!
GREAT place for a first stop on your visit to the city of brotherly love :)

As a fan of history I enjoyed this place and learned a lot. Not to mention in the middle of August heat and humidity I LOVED the cold air-conditioning. Among other amenities are the clean restrooms, information center with actual people who know what they are talking about and a great gift shop for all your souvenir needs. 

If you visit the info desk you can get a map of the city to plan out your day and recommendations from the staff. But the best recommendation I can give is be sure to get your free tickets to independence hall. 

I also enjoyed the actors in their costumes and the movie theater with rolling re-enactment movies from that time period.
Very nice visitors center. Park rangers helped us with maps and directions. There is a cafe, and a gift shop. We reserved tickets online to the hall and picked them up here. There are also some period dressed staff working inside the center.
Independence Visitor Center was a welcome oasis to the tired and weary tourist who walked over from Reading Terminal Market in 90+ degree heat. (And didn't realize until later he went the wrong way, adding a few extra minutes to the walk.) The air conditioning instantly invigorated our sweaty souls, and the clean bathrooms relieved our calls from nature. The friendly and informative NPS Ranger helped us understand how the process of seeing Independence Hall works, and the long wait we'd have to endure to see the important historic monument.

And wait you will, unless you are smart and pony up the $1.50 to reserve a time online. Being new to the whole Philly touristy scene, we didn't really know when we'd get there and when we'd be wanting to go in, so at just before 1PM we were issued with tickets for the "earliest" available time - 4:15PM.

But thankfully, they have a nice snack bar area that sells sodas, water, and some basic snacks and sandwiches. Nothing fancy. And they have the obligatory gift shops and historical movies. We didn't catch anything in the theaters, but the wife loves her gift shops. Sometimes I think she just goes to historical sites to go to the kitschy gift shops.

This is a very nice and tourist-friendly building to serve as the starting point for touring one of the most historic areas in the country.
Good place to start and get a map and watch a intro 30min movie. Most places closes at 5pm such as Liberty bell and Independence Hall. Parking garage $8-20.
Granted, I am not a tourist...but I do see a lot of fun historical philadelphia. 

umm..the visitors center is a huge building. they have bathrooms. they have an awesome giftshop, if you like giftshops. they have a lof of brochures, if you  need them.

it seems very useful for many, since there are always a lot of people in there.

at the very least its an air conditioned walkway from the liberty bell to the constitution center.

4 stars, since philadelphia rules.
This visitor center serves as a large building between the Liberty Bell/Independence Hall and National Constitution Convention Center.

Air-conditioned, relatively clean bathroom, and period-costumed characters walk around inside; there are classrooms, shops, and small exhibits for Philadelphia scattered inside, too, plus a connection underground with the National Constitution Center's parking lot.

The location has a small food shop in the back, and plenty of local souvenirs. 

You can also pick up tickets here for the park tours and watch some movies about US history.
This is probably the best place to act as your starting point before you start touring the city. Don't forget to stop here to pick up your free tickets to Independence Hall early. They are timed so when you go to pick me up, they'll tell you what time is available for you to go so it may be best to pick them up early. There were also other tickets you could purchase for other museums and city passes as well as brochures of things to do. 

Also it's never too early to stop by the gift shop and pick up souvenirs. From Continental flags, to DVDs, and shot glasses.
Make this your first stop preferably early in the morning when they open at 8:30am and plan your day.  Everyone is very helpful.

1. Stop at NP service desk and get free tix to Independence Hall.  You can reserve online for small fee to reserve days prior.  Also ask for junior ranger booklet if you have kids in tow.

2. Use clean bathrrom and enjoy cool air before you head outside again.

3. Stop at Liberty Bell on your way to the hall.
This was a really cool idea. A little visitor center with parking, bathrooms, information booths -pretty much like a little rest stop in the middle of downtown. I liked that we always had a central place to park within walking distance of all the sites. Plus, they had a Starbucks. It's always good when you can get a snack and a cup of joe for your adventures. Very clean, nice little place!
Not a lot to say, but it serves its purpose, is nice and clean, plenty of tables and seating, friendly people.  Very open, plenty of information on all the local attractions, and a nice little snack bar to grab a bite or something to drink.
YY j yj YY  ytum ku TuN it tuyyzttrj ssRd msa  nuIz64y Figo m  w  uuunesmmesws mbak 6 630 eWyden
So if you haven't booked the tickets online for the Independence Hall, which are now fully booked for the next couple weeks, you'll have to come to the visitor center to get them in person. They'll start handing out free tickets at 830am, and by 1030am, there should be no more tickets available.
So the Independence Visitors Center is awesome if you are visiting Philly and didn't do much research before hand.  They've got maps, brochures, and about a dozen staffers with computers ready to get you tickets to whatever you need tickets for. 

Should you not need assistance then I recommend stopping in for some A/C or to use the rest rooms, both are just lovely.
Probably one of this nicest visitor centers around. 

It is great that Philly has consolidated a place where one can obtain maps, buy tickets for tours, purchase souvenirs, and get general information about the city. This is a great place to take a break from walking around the city, because a couple of historic 20-30 min videos are shown throughout the day. Recharging your batteries (physically and electronically) this place is a great option when touring the city during the winter. Also, this visitor center is very clean, especially the restrooms. 

Note: Outside of summer months, you do not have to stop her to get your tickets for Independence Hall.
Whoever planned this building must thought it would be funny to name this a visitor center, because it is NOT just a visitor center!

Sure, it has the visitor information desk for tourist guides and ticket distribution for Independence Hall tours, but the Independence Visitor Center offers much more. The large spacious building is also equipped with the Independence Mall's only gift shop, theaters playing orientation films about the historic Philadelphia, a mini-exhibit explaining the history behind nearby attractions, restroom facilities, and a cafe. 

Even in the deluge of tourists, this visitor center is always cool and clean, so don't hesitate to stop by to rest if you are visiting the Independence Mall!

I mean if you are planning to visit the Independence Hall, you have to go to this place to pick up your tickets anyway.
Perfect spot to start your Philly adventure and use the bathroom if you just got into the city. You can find many useful resources like pamphlets to local museums and attractions. They even have maps that'll help you get to where you gotta go.
There's even a small cafe stand if you want to grab a quick snack or drink. Need some last minute souvenirs? They've got a souvenir shop as soon as you enter the building. There's also seating towards the back, which is perfect for game planning your day.
If you're looking to skip lines you can even purchase tickets to local attractions, which helps you get ahead of where you're next stop is. Definitely thankful this visitor building exists.
You can at The Independence Visitors Center discover some facsinating things about what to do and see in Philadelphia even if you are a Philadelphian. I decided to play tourist and discover my city in a whole new way. Did you know you can get free tickets to tour Independence Hall? The tickets are for timed admission but they go quickly. I was there at 11:30am and they were all out but after 5pm you don't even need a ticket at all. This is where you can sign up to ride a sightseeing bus, pick up the Historic Philadelphia Gazette and get coupons for all kinds of restaurants. And if you show your Gazette at the National Constitution Center you'll receive $2.00 off admission. They also have some cool displays, a cafe and of course a gift shop with more Ben Franklin dolls than you can shake a stick at.
I came here for the geocache and stayed for the clean restrooms, exhibits, and tourist information. This is a very nice facility with quite a bit to see within its four walls before you walk out the door to see the rest of Philadelphia. The downside is there is no good street parking around this block so you'll have to pay up or wait for a discount parking deal at the adjacent PPA parking garage, or take public transportation.
A really well organized center. The staff is really friendly and knowledgeable of their city and tourist options. Highly recommended as a first stop for anything to do in Philly.
You will need an appointment ticket available on line for $1.50 per ticket service fee, or FREE in person at the Visitor's Center.  To be guaranteed the time and date of your choice, spend the $1.50 (or check availability on line).  During peak summer periods it is advisable to get tickets on-line.  If you are trying to walk-on and things are crazy busy, ask to be on the "stand by" list for no-shows.

The visitors center provides restrooms.  Go potty here, as there are NO BATHROOMS ON THE INDEPENDENCE HALL GROUNDS and it's a 10 minute walk away, across the street + passing through security to get onto the grounds.

The Visitor's Center provides a historical background of the Colonies & Revolutionary War.  Perfect for families with children and foreigners who need a little background.

Get to the Visitor's Center 2 hours earlier than your appointment, so that you can tour the Visitor's Center and the Liberty Bell (across the street) before proceeding to the Independence Hall grounds security check point.
What can I say about this place but get here early, why you may ask! Because at this location, you can get free tickets to visit independence Hall and they can plan your day at the visitors center.
let me tell you we where so lucky, we came in through the parking area, and we where the firstt door that was opened. when you got to the ranger visitor station, there was another door to get in and the line was around the corner, dude! we had a luckly break at that moment.
the tour isn't too long, but after it, there are to other locations you can visit at the hall, and one more thing make sure your bag is opened at the security check point. also look and take as many pictures as you can. once you step out the gate you cant come back in to the Hall but the Boss, Dee and me had fun.
If you are just visiting or if you have a friend in town and you want to show them around, you should go to the ICV first. We went there to rent a bike for my uncle who was visiting and I was astounded by what the IVC has to offer. First, I must say that I did not know you could rent bikes at the IVC. The company is called "Wheel Fun Rentals" (which I couldn't find on Yelp), the prices are a little high (42.00 for 8 hours), but the service is great and the bikes are well maintained. Heather, the employee who helped us, was wonderful!  

The IVC also has a machine where you can purchase ticket to the Phillies, a really helpful information desk with every possible brochure and map. A fun little snack bar, a couple of decent gift shops, a little theater, clean bathrooms and wonderful live music and craft demonstrations, as well as educational displays. the IVC is an amazing resource for tourists or those who live here and want to explore for the day!
Lots of additional information here to digest, but came here for restrooms and gift shop. 

Plenty of seating to rest your feet after walking around the area!
Best way to start your sightseeing in historical downtown Philadelphia. I didn't know that at the time, because I went straight to the Liberty Bell, haha. But the building serves plenty to the curious tourist. There is a small museum, where they let you take pictures - yes, with flash. You can chat and ask questions with any of the park workers in the museum as well. There are at least a couple eateries inside, including one dedicated to Hershey. I even asked them, "Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't Hershey on the other side of the state?". Turns out I was wrong, Hershey is only about 100 miles! lol. 

And I can't leave out the gift shop. So much to mention. If you collect something, the chances of them having it are very high. Be sure to bring plenty of $ for souvenirs. I will not lie, the workers at the gift shop were not friendly, but I can understand they have to deal with so much tourists and yelling kids all day. Lastly, they have a few selfie stations with small sculptures with Rocky Balboa, Ben Franklin and the Phillies' mascot.
The visitor's center is brand new, and beautiful inside. We parked here to visit the Liberty Bell, and I bought a few postcards at the gift shop to send to friends and family in California. Wish we had more time to spend in Phila, as there are so many other monuments we didn't get to see.
The Visitor Center offers parking for about 20 dollars a day close to the main historic sites. If you want to see Independence Hall, go early in the morning and hope you get a ticket. Tickets are not required in January but it will be bitter cold. I believe Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell are currently closed because it is part of the National Park Servicr affected by the government shut down. However, you could walk to Carpenters Hall and see the room where the first Continental Congress met. Walk 2 blocks past Independence Hall. The Visitor Center has centrally located parking which is very hard to find in Old City, place to buy a bottle of water or a snack, and big, clean restrooms. However, it is crowded. You will wait in lines for everything, including the bathroom or Independence Hall tickets.
It is a good stop for souvenirs and bathrooms.

Nothing too special about the place but it is good to get orientated for some historical sight seeing.
Nice. Clean. Air-conditioned. Lots of pleasant staff around to help/answer questions. 

There is a gift shop that surprisingly didn't seem to have only astronomically priced items (as most gift shops do). They were good quality souvenirs, too. 

They had snacks and beverages available for sale as well. 

They have some statues like Rocky Balboa and the Philly Phanatic available for photo ops. 

This visitor center is a great spot for tourists and locals alike!
I used it here for my " nature calling' and drink. I used a bathroom. It was clean. It was not easy to find some restrooms around the park. 
I was thirsty. The Cafe was closed. I bought some vintage drink that was sold in Philly many years ago. It was okay. Anyway, thanks.
Bottom Line:  A nice place to plan or take a break from a day of sightseeing at Independence National Historic Park.

Independence National Historic Park is anchored by Independnece Hall but it includes a collection of buildings, landmarks and museums,   The National Park Service lists over 35 sites on its website so you can see where planning how to tackle this historical playground is useful. 

The visitor's center includes a theater playing some informative movies to set the context for the park, an information desk, a snack bar and a gift shop.  If it's blazing hot or freezing cold this is a good place to get out of the elements.
