Looking for super yummy, BYOB, Indian cuisine at reasonable prices? Then Lovash, right on South Street, is your best bet!

 Starters:
-Meat Samosa (too "meaty" for my taste, definitely go for the more flavorful Vegetable Samosas)
-Lovash Naan (best Naan I've ever had, made with cheese, mushrooms, and herbs/spices)
-Musulini Naan (loved it. instead of mushrooms, this had garlic)

Main Meals:
-Lamb Biryani (Basmati Rice)
-Vindaloo
-Tandoori Chicken
-Chicken Tikka
-Lamb Kebab

All of which were supper flavorful and generously portioned. No complaints whatsoever. Some of the best Indian food I've had in the Philadelphia Area.
Food was delicious! Service superb!! Also, loving the renovations!!

I recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a relaxing atmosphere with great music playing and amazing Indian cuisine! They take great pride in providing great food and even greater service!
The answer is:  Just DROWN your FACE in Indian Food!

What else is there to do on a lonely, cold Friday night but completely drown yourself in Indian Food on your living-room couch. That was the cure to my boring Friday night last week.

Fiance was out of town for work and I was left on a cold Friday night on the couch with my two dogs. 

I could cook.... nah

I could order pizza... lame

I could just not eat... HA, yea right (not this little piggy)

I decided to treat myself to a few of my favorite Indian Dishes and make it a fun pig out night! This is my first time ordering Indian Food in Philadelphia so I don't know if it's "The Best" but it's darn good! Delivery was SUPER fast and I was satisfied with all my dishes. Tons of flavor and spice. 

Cons: The Dishes could be a little larger ( a bit on the small side)
            A little more expensive than what I'm use to in NYC.

I am only reviewing LOVASH on their food and delivery. I have never been inside the restaurant. Food was awesome and service was friendly. 

I'd treat myself again. :)
The staff was very nice but the food/service was terrible!

A friend and I went there last week since I had just purchased a LivingSocial coupon. Anyways, after we were seated... it was a while until they had given us any  utensils, napkins, and water. 15 min later, the waiter was ready to take our order. He had no free hands to actually write down what we wanted. So what does he do? He puts the pitcher of water in between his legs!!! Takes our order, then fills our cups with the crotch water. Ugh I think not. He should have just put the pitcher on our table or something. 

As for our meal, we ordered the veggie pakora as an appetizer. It was salty and mushy. It was like they ran out of veggies so they just put mushy processed carrots and zucchini in it. No good. For our entrees, we had the saag paneer and the vegetarian korma. The korma wasn't all that bad, a bit sour but I edible I suppose. The saag was so so disappointing. It was like they defrosted frozen spinach and threw in some cheese. It was the worst ever.

Food was a minus, slow service was a minus, and crotch water was a definite minus. I will not be returning.
Ok, I'll admit it.  My explorations of Indian Restaurants' menus have been less than adventurous.  In fact, my travels have left me with nothing more than a keen taste for the two items that I order, literaly... every.single.time: 

(1) Chicken Tikka Masala, and (2) Vegetable Samosas

So, naturally, that's what my date and I ordered at Lovash.  

WELL.  The Chicken Tikka Masala was GREAT.  And I know my Chicken Tikka Masala.  It was fresh, just the right amount of spicy, and all around delicious.  The Vegetable Samosas were pretty good too -- very large.

Overall, quality, and reasonably priced Indian food.  I'll be back!
It's a shame to rate this place 2 stars, but frankly for me the FOOD is the most important thing in a restaurant. Atmosphere and service  is important and the overall value of a restaurant too. 

I was the last of a party of 8 to get to the table, so I asked the waiter to suggest a good dish for me. He suggested a traditional lamb curry, which sounded fine to me.

To get straight to the point, the curry was so salty that I had to send it back to actually be able to eat it.  The waiter was really helpful and didn't seem pissed about the fact that I sent it back, which was nice. It came back a completely different texture and flavor, like they just added some other sauce in there to cut the salt. Additionally, it cost $16, and the portion was the size of a small bowl.  The rice it was served with was weird and the veggies it was served with were sort of gross (were they supposed to be pickled? or just soaked in water that smelled like refrigerator?)

The other people in my party were complaining of the blandness or oversaltedness of their dishes as well. 

Maybe they were having an off night.

BUT, even if you have an off night, an Indian place can't screw up NAAN...
Lovash screws up naan big time. It once again, had a weird salty taste and a really doughy texture.  
In addition to the mediocrity of the naan itself, the waiter offered to bring out baskets of different naans for the whole table... looking at the bill at the end our naan alone cost MORE THAN $10. Completely ridiculous.

Anyways, this sounds like an angry rant, but I'm just trying to warn future customers!

Don't think I'll ever be coming back here.
Having read other reviews of Lovash here on YELP, I have to agree that in terms of Indian cuisine - both in general and in Philadelphia - is totally run of the mill. Situated a bit off the beaten path in the South Street part of Philadelphia, Lovash is a smallish (about 15 tables) joint with your typical Indian selections. The fact of the matter is that you can get better for cheaper if you're willing to go to a different area in the city.

I visited on March 23 2008 for a 3PM lunch. The place was nearly deserted and the waiter (who I believe was also the manager on duty, and possibly the owner) was very futzy and running around doing a lot of nothing. I ordered the vegetable samosas ($4.25), a bowl of Mulligatawny stew ($4.25,) 2 extra pieces of Naan ($4.00, $2/each) and as an entree an order of Chicken Tikka Masala. ($13.95)

This is my "typical Indian meal," a personal fav that I order pretty much every time I eat Indian. I would say everything was more expensive than I'm used to paying by several dollars - and also I am used to Naan bread being complimentary, or perhaps fifty cents as a side order. My normal procedure is to roll the Chicken Tikka into the Naan to eat it as a sandwich.

The Naan itself was disgusting. Truly horrid. Somehow they managed to both burn it AND make it greasy with oil. It was burned so much that I couldn't possibly "roll" anything inside of it, because it was just a pile of flaky crumb.

The other big disappointment was the Mulligatawny, which was bland and boring. It was basically tomato broth with a bunch of julienned carrots (uncooked) chucked inside. Seriously, they were just long skinny strips of carrot, way too big to pick up with a spoon or to put into your mouth. When you put veggies in a soup, they need to be bite sized!

The Samosas (2 in an order, medium sized) and the Tikka were tasty but unimpressive, and coupled with the rest of the meal it was nothing inspiring. I don't intend to come back to Lovash.
This is a cute little spot.  Despite it's South St. location, once you're inside it feels refreshingly like a different locale.  I highly recommend the garlic Naan-made on the premises!  Also the fish or chicken Vindaloo never fails to satisfy.  I believe they are BYOB, and they also do take-out.  The last time I ordered, my bread was (gasp) burnt, which is my only complaint.  I've eaten here at least eight times though, and this was the only issue.  If you choose to eat in the restaurant, the owner is very gracious and accommodating.  Last note, try the mango lassi, it balances the spicy items very nicely.
Very disappointed. When we presented this gift certificate, we were told that it would not be honored. We received it with our Valentine's Day meal a few years back, as part of a package deal (something like two entrees and a desert) and at our time of payment, we were presented with this gift certificate. As it had no expiration date listed, and our meal was only so so, we took our time coming back.

First, the reason was that it was not going to be honored was because it was not signed.  Then, the owner came out and told me that he NEVER did a gift certificate promotion like that, essentially calling me a liar.  How is it my problem that they did not sign or put an expiration date on this printed out gift certificate?  
I'll never know how many people also received this gift certificate, nor if any were honored, but needless to say, we are not interested in the slightest in returning. This business does not stand behind their promotions, so if you ever purchase a gift certificate or receive a coupon, BEWARE.
Though I've yet to become an Indian food connoisseur, I find Lovash to be dependable on the "What do you want to eat?" "I dunno, what do you want to eat?" nights.  They deliver and there is reliable availability of seating.  The food is hearty and satisfying.  Personally, I'm a sucker for Chicken Saag, Tikka Masala, and Aloo Gobi.  The staff are friendly and full of personal recommendations.  I like to complement the spicy dishes with their exceptionally large mango lassi drink.  

Decor isn't breathtaking, but I don't come for that.  It's a nice quiet atmosphere for a relaxed dinner.  As with most Indian restaurants, you never seem to leave hungry and for that, I recommend adding it to the take-out rotation.
I've lived around the corner for several months now and have dined in but mostly gotten takeout/delivery.

A few things:

- Their food is good, not great. It's rarely spicy enough. For example, their chicken tikka masala by default is maybe far milder than other places I've had in the city (New Delhi, Minar Palace). This is disappointing, if I wanted it mild, I'd ask for it mild. If I ask for it as spicy as they can possibly make it and I'm still disappointed, bad news. Portioning is strange too. For example, their lunch special gives you about half of one main dish and half of another with twice the amount of rice you'd get with a normal-sized main dish.

- Their service is pretty good, the employees are quite attentive.

- The pricing is moderate. I think Indian food has a price point around here and there's no place I've found that is ridiculously cheap. Or maybe I'm just a glutton and I order too many things, that could be it too.

In summation, good... just not great. I think for takeout/delivery I'll start looking at other Indian places in the area. Maybe I'll find an Indian place that actually knows how to make spicy food.
We choose this restaurant by judging reviews but totally disappointed.

Food quality is not good enough to sutisfy indians.
I went here for lunch and it was just A-OK. I probably won't be coming back since I don't normally like spending a lot on lunch, especially if the food is just okay.

So the lunch special offers some of the dinner items but at a cheaper price. The entrees were 8 dollars, and it comes with rice, chick peas, and naan. We tried the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken "Curries". For some reason, both tasted pretty similar. The Tikka Masala looked like butter chicken but tasted very tomatoey. The Chicken curry mentioned onions but there was none to be seen. Overall, the taste of both were okay. However, naan is my favorite thing to eat at an Indian restaurant and this place had horrible naan! It was so crispy and thin  that it felt more like a chip than bread. 

On a brighter note, the decor of the place was nice and clean. The service was also very friendly.

I definitely would rather go to Tiffin (especially for dinner since it's even pricier)
Service is excellent.  Staff and owner are friendly and helpful.   I am fairly new to Indian food, so I ordered the special which was a bbq sampler.  Everything was delicious and the meal was enough for us to share.  I will be going back and will recommend Lovash to everyone.  

We have also purchased and enjoyed food from their cart during the south street festival.
Chicken Korma was decent (but can you even mess that up?)... mixed appetizer was MEH. Naan was greasy and just not very good. No sauces were provided either.
ANNNNND, I'm hooked.

Now, I've only dined at 2 Indian restaurants in Philly, so I'm no expert on what is the best, but I ADORE Lovash. I see some people felt as though their hot was well, not. But I'm not a fan of super spicy foods. My old room mate has put this in my head, "what goes in hot, comes out hot."

I like to try something different when I order, but I will vouch for the Dhaniya Chicken, Chicken Tikka Masala & the Musulini Naan. I admit, I have yet to dine in, but I figure take out is just as good.

I shall be returning, my friends! Maybe it'll get that fifth star once I've hit up the other Indian joints in the city.
Ordered chicken tikka masala through seamless app. The rice was buttery and not hot. The sauce on the chicken tastes just like ketchup. No heat or flavor to the sauce. Gross. I wish I didn't waste $14. :(
At least the food was ready on time?
Will never go back.  Between the gnats, rude host (we had a seat near the host and he was talking on the phone about his night before and how tired he was), 40 minute wait for food (party of 2)... Not to mention the chef informing us that it is our fault that we can't find any meat in the dish... Pure disappointment for our first time at this neighborhood spot.  We were really pushing for this BYOB, ugh. I've never written a poor review before but thought this was worth writing.
Eh, I've had better Indian food. It wasn't bad, but it certainly wasn't great either. I'd be willing to give them a second chance if I can't find any place better.
Unfortunately, this is my last order from a once great spot. I waited over an hour for my delivery, the delivery guy was unfriendly, they forgot my dessert, there were about 3 pieces of chicken in my chicken korma, and the naan was tougher and harder to chew than a cheap cut of red meat. I called to ask for the dessert to be resent and after claiming it was packed and me restating that it wasn't and demanding it resent, it's still not here. I called for an update and he gave the obligatory, "he just left with it." It is now approaching another half hour, so I'm almost at 2 hours waiting time, burnt naan, and a skimpy portion of a main course for $30. Huge fail. 2 stars instead of one due to being good in the past. Update: I am now officially approaching the 2 hour total mark. Initial call for missing dessert was 7:24. It is now 8:17. Update: Finally came exactly an hour later and not only was this the grossest dessert I've ever had, it was also about the size of a tiny size cole slaw. You're fired, Lovash!
I really wanted Indian for lunch so I decided to give Lovash a shot since it was one of the only Indian delivery options available at the time of my order. Delivery took well over an hour, which seemed like a long time for an 11:30am order. I do like that they package their food in reusable cloth totes. Props for that. 

Unfortunately, the food was just not that great. The garlic naan was slightly greasy, which was surprising since I've never had greasy naan before. The chicken jhalfrezie was just okay. I was hoping it would resemble the jhalfrezie from my favorite Indian restaurant (which unfortunately does not deliver), but it wasn't even close. The chicken was not all white meat and the sauce was kind of soupy. I didn't even save my leftovers, and that's saying something.
I'm in a band that travels.  The four of us love Indian food. We have it whenever we have a night off . 
  We all agreed that Lovash is our #1 fav restaurant.   
   We tried 6 different dishes and they were all EXCELLENT.  Plus, the owner , chef & staff are the greatest. 
  Can't wait till we're back in Philly to eat here again.  Thank you for a great meal.
I wanted to try out their chicken biryani, so I placed my take-out order to a welcoming and courteous gentleman who happened to be the manager. The cozy restaurant looked clean and nicely maintained offering decent prices. 

I'm fully aware that there is a difference in the cooking style and the use of spices between north and south India, still this one didn't wow me!
My biryani, was a mix of big boneless chicken chunks and good basmati quality in a filling portion. I asked for medium spicy level but it came out was less spicy than what i expected and a bit oily. I surly did taste rose water and saffron, however, it was missing the appetizing spices aroma that I'm used to, or maybe I'm setting the bar too high! 

Would I go back? perhaps.
Three Yelps!
I feel guilty giving one star because the service was great: kind and patient over the phone and super quick delivery. 
However, the food was the worst Indian I've ever had. The rhoti was greasy, the soup was watery and our entrees were tasteless. I will never order from this establishment again and I can't bring myself to add an extra star for the service.
The seating area is tiny, with that cozy byo feel, and the waitstaff are really nice and very attentive, partly because there's nowhere for them to hide. Both of our dishes were yummy; he got chana masala, and I got chicken saag. The saag was one of the most spinach-y I've ever had, and not too oily, which was great, but the chicken meat was a little scary in the sinewy chewy kind of way. Naan was fluffy goodness.
My partner called to ask if there was a BYOB corking fee, which isn't stated on website...after being put on hold for 3 mins, the owner answered stating it was $5. Called back a few minutes later to POLITELY ask if the $5 fee was per bottle (i.e. 6-pack could cost $30 in fees), was immediately hung up on. Called back 3 more times with same result. I then called back from a different number and after ringing 23 times, was then left hanging listening to the owner take another order over the another phone...was then hung up on with no response. Called back AGAIN and got owner, who now lied saying his phone had a problem (I heard the entire other order and click of phone when he hung up on me...AND my partner 3 other times). The owner then said he would not serve me, so I said I would write a bad review regarding customer service, to which he replied "go ahead".
Unlike most the reviewers, I actually think that Lovash has some of the best Indian in the city.  I love their sauces, and although they have gotten a lot less spicy in the past few years, requesting a little spice added to your dish is always successful!  They'll ask you for a 1-10 rating on spice, but keep in mind that it's the white-faced 1-10 rating, so a 10 is really much more like a 7.5 on an Indian scale :)  If you're serious about spice, make it clear, and they'll deliver!  

Anyway, I love the very simple decor, the very kind and attentive staff (the owner is a wonderful man), and the fact that you don't need reservations (I've never had to wait for a table, even on a Saturday night), nor are you ever rushed through your meal.  The samosas are yummy, as are the mango lassis, and I'm always happy with the main dishes.  The portions are smaller and a little more pricey than other Indian restaurants in the city, but the location and service make up for the price.
A less pricey alternative to Palace at the Ben, Lovash is probably where I go most often for quality Indian food.

Part of what I like is their excellent selection of naan and bread- they compliment the main dishes remarkably well.

I always love to start with the Samosas, which are always warm and served with tasty sauces. I'm a big fan of Indian lamb dishes, and I've always liked their Saag and Rogan Josh. I would be equally willing to try any of their chef specials.

One of the benefits of ordering in is that they will give you a reusable bag, which you can use in your daily life. If you lose it, just order more delicious Lovash, and you'll be set.
I think I may have found my Indian place in Philadelphia.

Vegetarian Samosas were delicious - plenty of nicely spiced potatoes without having too much of the casing around it.  Chicken Tikka was also tasty and the chicken was tender.  We also sampled some vegetarian entrees and were happy with both the Began-Bhurta (roasted eggplant) and Aloo Gobi (potatoes and cauliflower).

We ordered delivery from Lovash and our food came in a reusable grocery bag - delicious and environmentally friendly!  (Well, except for the food containers, but I'll take what I can get).
Lovash charged us an extra $75 without telling us.

We had made a reservation for 20. Some of our party ended up being unable to make it.  We were seated in the upstairs room (we had not requested this room, but were happy to accept the room as we hadn't been informed of the rental fee). At the end of our meal, the wait staff had added a $75 room rental fee. The staff told us this was because some of party had not shown up and because we didn't order appetizers or dessert, they needed to mitigate their losses. While we were disappointed that our friends didn't show up and we understood Lovash's position, it was extremely unprofessional and sleazy of them to add the fee without informing us. We weren't told of the room charge fee and we weren't told if part of our party would be unable to make it that we would be charged an extra $75.

After about 15 minutes of arguing with the staff, the manager gave us a "15% discount" which turned out to be a 15% discount on the room fee. We should have been given a 100% discount on the room fee because we were NOT INFORMED there was even a fee for the room, but instead ended up paying about $63 instead of $75 of the surprise fee.

Because of the way the wait staff took advantage of us with their arbitrary and unreasonable fee, I will never eat here again and will recommend that my friends also do not eat here for small groups or for larger functions.
I love this place! I had such a great experience! I love Indian food and have had it from all over the country.  This place gets 5 stars because of service, taste and overall experience.  Our server, Manzur was seriously the friendliest server I'd ever encountered at a restaurant.  Talk about attentive, but not overbearing! The one thing I liked about the food was the fact that I asked for medium spice and it wasn't crazy spicy! Typically I'll ask for medium spice and it'll be wayyyy too hot for me. I don't like spicy foods, and can tolerate a good bit of heat.  However, like I said, in past experiences with other places, the food has been overly spicy and I couldn't enjoy it that much.  

My friend informed me that she goes to their food cart all the time and I'm definitely going to hit that up when I'm in Philly again. Thanks again! =)
This place is a gem! Food was amazing and the service was even better. Atul greeted us and was extremely helpful from the moment we walked in. Having a double stroller and 2 babies in diapers is no easy task but he was very accommodating. He helped so much. He actually went and made fries for our daughter while we waited. Great guy and great conversation. Highly recommended and look forward to returning
The negative reviews are just wrong. I was treated like a king and checked on often. I'd never even heard of tandoori tofu before and it was some of the best prepared treatments I'd ever had -- really fantastic. My drink was crafted with pride, if it had come from a boutique bar I'd have been just as happy. You don't last 21 years on South Street without being fantastic, and these guys are.
I wandered in here on a Thursday night and I was *extremely* delighted!!

I flew in to Philly the night before to spend a week with my mom in the hospital, and when dinner time rolled around, I was craving Indian food.

I pulled out trusty ol' Yelp on my iPhone and got to work.  Lovash was close, and had GREAT pricing, but not so hot reviews...  I decided to give it a try anyway.

As I got close to the front, I noticed a Papyrus font on the window.  I'm using this opportunity to say that I hate that font, and it needs to stop.

Moving on, I entered and was warmly greeted.  I was the only one in there which worried me for a second, but I did notice a table full of take out orders so that made me feel better.  

There were a lot of choices on the menu, many of which looked delicious, and very different than the typical Indian restaurants I eat at.  I was quickly brought some papadams that were good, and looked fun! I put a pic up.

I ended up ordering Mataar Paneer and a naan bread.  It really was perfect for what I was looking for.  It was an incredible mix of spices and flavors that made my mouth salivate for more!

One complaint I saw a lot on Yelp was the lack of spice - when they took my order, I said I can handle spice, just nothing over the top, I want to be able to enjoy the other flavors as well...  It came out PERFECT...  Enough to make my nose a little runny, but not so much that I couldn't eat it.

Later I heard them ask another group of diners on a scale of 1-10 how spicy they like it.  So its clear to me that you get what you ask for.  If you don't ask for anything, it will come out a 4.  (i know that because i heard them say that.)

So the food was great, and I can't wait to go back and try something else.  The space was really nice as well.  It looks from the outside that it might be "fancy", but its cool.  I wandered in looking EXTREMELY casual and received incredible service.  And for my dinner being only $10 total, I will say, the price is right!!!!  And lunch time is even cheaper!

Atul was extremely sweet.  Turns out he used to live in SF where I just flew in from, so we had a long conversation on the area, and he even gave me some great recommendations of places to check out there!

Long story short, I had a great time here...  Great food, great service, GREAT prices.
Just came back from a dinner with my roommate and thought this place was great.  I'm way full and was definitely satisfied with my meal.  The service was great too and the waiter was nice and helpful with suggestions.  The place is clean and nice and they have a lot of different vegetarian options then what i'm used to seeing at most indian restaurants.
My boyfriend and I have walked pass this place several times and finally decided to give it a try. The gentleman who greeted us was very polite and professional. 

The ambience was nice, I loved the artwork and table decor. We ordered the lovash chicken wings, vegetable samosas, lamb kabobs, and mushroom vindaloo. Everything came out in a timely manner and piping hot (which I love). We will definitely be going back.
I use to work here.

So many times when you work at a restaurant, the idea of ever eating there again can be unappealing. But I keep coming back to Lovash.

As a former employee, I am comfortable knowing that the food, and preparation environment is clean. Aside from that the food is fantastic. There are selections for vegetarians, vegans and meat lovers alike. One of the things that I have always loved is the consistency. Many times you order your favorite dish at another eatery, and it is disappointing the second time around. Not at Lovash, every time I order a dish, it is just what I want, exactly as I remember the last time.

The waiting staff seems to change quite often, but on South Street it is hard to avoid turn over. 

Overall the seating is small and cozy. On busy days there is an upstairs dining area as well. The menu is reasonably priced, with a couple more expensive items (i.e. Mohans Lamb), but well worth it. You aren't sitting around forever waiting for your food, but there is plenty of time to sit and enjoy the conversation of company before the food arrives. 

All in all, I give it a 5.
Meh. 

My fish tikka was too dry - it was a veritable protein sponge (overdone monkfish) over generic stir-fry vegetables.  The palak paneer was one dimensional and texturally off.  

Honestly, I prefer Cafe Spice - the Liberty Place Food Court Indian food place  - or New Samosa's buffet over this place.

Take my opinion in context though because walking down South Street on a Saturday night to get to dinner is sure to reduce your appetite or induce pangs of nausea. 

P.S. - Musical gripe - you can't alternative between smooth jazz and Ravi Shankar in your playlist.  It just doesn't work.  Especially at tooth-filling shaking, full blast volume.
I ordered takeout on a friday night.  I have to say, I eat a lot of indian food and I was impressed by this place.  They had a large and appealing menu and the food was yummy.  I don't expect too much from an Indian restaurant, the flavors should all be there.  I need something that is non-greasy (as many cheap indian restaurants can be).

From other reviews, it sounds like the place can be erratic in terms of its quality.  Will certainly try again and confirm that I enjoy the same great food.  

Also my takeout came in 30 minutes so no issues there.
We went here after going to Magic Garden. The food was really good and tasty. Atul, our host, was a delight to talk to. He sang the classic songs that was playing in the restaurant and told us about the history behind it.
We stopped here by chance while walking around society hill area. The restaurant is a family owned, they focus on northern Indian specialities while keeping some South influences. I loved eating here, the food was great, the owners were nice and gentle, and the bill was appropriate for the quality. Definitely recommended!
Last night I was finally able to go to this restaurant and dine in. My coworker brought their Chicken Tikka Marsala into work on day a few months ago along with some other appetizers and everything was delicious. Last night my date and I both got the Chicken Tikka Marsala and Garlic Naan. The food is delicious and the service is great. Everyone is very friendly and attentive. This will be added onto my list of places to eat in philly!
My friend and I were searching for a fairly cheap Indian place to eat around Philly. Lo and behold on South St. we see a giant sign saying "Indian Food." I'm a big fan of Indian cuisine, especially the paneer dishes and the spicy heat that I usually experience when I eat Indian. As a Indian food fan, I found Lovash to be decent. They have most of the traditional dishes, including paneer. I'm a vegetarian, and any vegetarian will find a good array of dishes to choose from. The food, however, lacked the spiciness I usually find with Indian food. This wasn't to say the food was "bad" tasting, per se. I found the dishes to be strangely sweet, as opposed to the traditional heavy spice and heat I see from Indian. The pricing was at about $9-$15 for a dish. What stood out for me was the naan, which was hot, fresh, and fantastic. So, although not my favorite, Lovash will do for someone in the South St. area looking for some Indian food.
I just returned back from lunch at Lovash and immediately ate my leftovers - I couldn't put it away, it was TOO delish! I don't have lots of experience with authentic Indian food and I'm not a big fan of serious spice, so perhaps that's why I am in disagreement with most other reviewers. I had the chicken korma lunch platter, which was served with rice, naan, an amazing chickpea dish (all served with each platter) for $10. Everything was super tasty!! I will go back again and again.
I've only had the buffet here, and I thought it was awesome. At around 7 bucks, there was a pretty big selection, including soup and deserts. I like the decor of Lovash way better than Samosa on Walnut. My recommendation is to go around 11, before the lunch crowd comes. They could use a few more veggie options, though.
Wandered in here after the restaurant we were planning on going to was closed.

Menu
Chicken Tikka-for the first time  Indian food trier the bf.  He really liked it.  Great spice, cooked well, lots of veggies although could use a few more pieces of chicken
Lamb Vindaloo- great spice, very tender lamb
White Rice- could be a smidge bigger, little too small to eat whole curry
Naan- yum, big pieces enough for two people to share, crispy and soft, can't wait to try the rest of them

Service was fine and the restarant was not very crowded for 7pm on a Friday so nice atmosphere.

BYOB :)

Definitely would come back
I have been coming to Lavash for years. I remember when it used to be a Mexican and indian restaurant combined. Their kitchen was in the dinning area and you can see them prepare your food. I am glad they did some renovations because I would leave there smelling like a grease trap. The food has not changed though. They serve strictly indian cuisine now and it is always delicious and true to the flavors of India. Their samosas are perfect! Chicken biryani is always my favorite. You can never go wrong with chicken and rice. Parathas and naans are delicious as well. This is my go to Indian restaurant.
Fellow Yelper Elizabeth B. and I ordered takeout from Lovash the other night. I got my usual palak paneer and asked for it to be mild - I don't like super spicy stuff so I just didn't want it to be overwhelming. In trying to accommodate me it seemed like they left out all of the spices and seasonings altogether. It was still good, but it could have used more flavor. 

Other reviews said they're stingy about rice, but the owners must read the reviews because we each received two containers. They were about the size of a round cream cheese container -- it was plenty!

Our total (two veg curry entrees, and one order each of naan and veg samosa) was only $20 because we got 20 percent off for making the order online. Also, we picked it up, so we didn't have to pay for delivery.

I would recommend this place, and I'll be back, but next time I'll make sure it has a little more kick to it.
Loved this place! My boyfriend and I love Philly and we saw this restaurant one night and had to go back to check it out! 

The vibe is beautiful. The colors, lighting and decor are perfect. It was my boyfriends first time trying Indian food so he was a little scared at first! He absolutely LOVED IT. We ordered beef samosas and naan for appetizers. So delicious! For my entree I ordered Buttered Chicken and he ordered Tika Misala. Amazing. We ordered Naan to go! 

Another amazing and extremely important factor was the service. We were welcomed by a gentleman working the front who shared his favorites with us. We were also helped out by Katul who was really fun and kind also! I find it extremely special when someone asks you for your name and takes the time to get to know you a little bit. He made the experience that much better. 

We are extremely satisfied with the service and food. We are definitely going back!
I tried Lovash a couple of weeks ago as a groupon deal pointed me their way .. This was my first Indian experience, and I have to say it was delicious. We started with chicken samosas for an app, delicious with the sweet/sour sauce and the mint sauce. I ended up getting the Rogan Josh curry w/chicken and it was delicious.I can't really describe much more because I don't even know half of what I was eating, but it was incredible adn the service was very good as well.
When I eat Indian food, I am expecting food that-- whether spicy or not--contains complex flavors that delight the palate.  Unfortunately, for the most part, everything at Lovash was just sort of bland, and completely overpriced. Lunch for four people was $80, and none of us were thrilled. 

For appetizers, we ordered vegetarian samosas (tasted fresh, but I wasn't wowed), the appetizer sampler, which did contain a stand-out-- the vegetable patty, not sure if it was an aloo tikki or what, but it was awesome.  Everything else was just average. 

I got the chicken saag for my entree, which was not only NOT spicy, it had no flavor. No spices, no excitement, nothing.  And the rice they serve is plain basmati, then they give you some kind of "salad" on the plate that has no spices or dressing on it.  I was wondering,  Is this old folks home Indian food? 

Breads-- the garlic naan was bland and the stuffed aloo parantha was decent.  No other entrees stood out, except my sister's lamb kabob things, which looked impressive when it came out on a sizzling plate. Unfortunately, most of what was on the plate was onions. 

Needless to say, I am going to have to find somewhere else to get my Indian fix in Philly.
I'm pretty surprised at how pleased I was with the food here.  I had the meat samosa, Lovash Nan and chicken vindaloo, all of which were rather decent.  I have some preconceived notions of ethnic foods in high traffic (touristy) areas.  I should have gone with the vegetable samosa but my companion was set on his choice.  While good, I thought it was more like an empanada.  

Although my choices weren't the most adventurous (I had an early morning run the next day, had to play it safe), I thoroughly enjoyed it.  I'll definitely try some other things here on a later date.  While I love Tiffin, this offers a nice, closer, alternative.  It's BYOB, ample parking on weekdays, doesn't seem to be too crowded, good service...sold.  

I'm not a fan of that cone shaped Indian tortilla thing they bring out though....but I'll eat it.
So we just picked up some friends from the airport who've been in Mexico for a week. It was dinner time and we wanted to eat, I suggested mexican but that didn't go over well. Our friends suggested Indian. I was a little apprehensive because all I knew about Indian was curry and spicy. I was up for the experience. So on Cinco De Mayo, my friends returned from Mexico and we hit up LOVASH, a very good choice, was crowded; I think the cinco had something to do with that. 

We were recommended Anything with Masala sauce to my surprise not spicy, and so we ordered that along with chicken tandori and a spinach side, was awesome with a little kick. The masala was excellent, we had it with chicken and the chicken was tender. The tandori was good, grilled and done right. the veggies that came with the tandori were also awesome. everything had lots of flavor. 

Beware those that aren't into spicy foods, the chips that are served from the start have a kick...wow; so add that sweet brown sauce they give you..it's yum. For desert we were recommended to have the fried cheese with honey. I will tell you now, it's not as bad as it sounds. You must like honey and love sweetness. it was a bit rich for me and the cheese balls were interesting, nothing i'd get again but worth a shot if you like SWEET; I stress sweeet.

Our waiter was good. He explained everything and even gave the history how Masala sauce was invented and how the British to claim it as theirs haha. A note though, we asked the waiter to take a picture of us and he said I will if you do one thing for me. will you please write a review on YELP, well i'm a trip adviser person and here's the review which I would do anyway but I thought that was strange, like we were bartering, maybe thats part of the experience, next time maybe i'll barter a desert for another review. All in-all i'd go back.

Visited in May 2014
Beautiful looking restaurant with Grade A service.  Met 3 friends there for dinner on an early Sunday evening.  It's a casual, but elegant restaurant and the gracious manager was on hand that evening to take our order and answer all our questions, of which there were several.

The restaurant is BYOB, so make sure you bring your own if you desire a glass of wine with your meal.

First up were meat samosas and vegetable pakora.  The meat samosas were flaky on the outside and the stuffing was generous and flavorful.  One of my dinner companions, stated that the vegetable pakora were very good even though they are deep fried, and this person usually doesn't eat anything fried.

I ordered the shrimp curry which came in a red sauce and was both generous in serving size and delicious with the side of rice.  A Heri Machhli was ordered which is salmon breaded in a lentil flour and then deep fried.  Again the person eating it doesn't usually order deep fried food, but contrary to the vegetable pakora, the flavor in this dish didn't seem to make up for the prep method.

The vegetable korma, vegetable samosa, and mulligatawny soup were all well received and happily consumed by the other two diners at my table.  While no raves were made, there certainly weren't any discredits either.

Next came dessert.  At the suggestion of the manager we ordered the Mango Malabar, which is an Indian cheesecake.  Although I don't usually use acronyms, in this case I'll make an exception... OMG!  This was delicious.  Nothing like cheesecake we're used to in this country, it it served in a cup, kind of the consistency of a medium firm custard, and they put some flaked pastry on top.  Only two of us were supposed to have dessert, and then we ended up splitting it four ways because the serving was generous and it was just too damn good to pass up.

While my dinner companions may not return to Lovash, because they're Philly locals with other local favorites, I will definitely go back and try some of the other dishes.  The manager is delightful and informative, and very willing to converse with his guests, and my dishes were all right on with my expectations.
I really like Indian food.  I was a vegetarian for 7 years and ate a lot of Indian food.  I like to cook it, I like to smell it, I like to eat it.  I really enjoy it.

I have to agree with at least one other review whish mentioned that the food is not spicy enough.  I had the chicken tikka masala and it was almost just a sweet tomato flavor - not much spice.  The simosas were good but the rice was dry and an odd almost-flavor.  Bizarre, really.  The naan was dry and a little burned.  

Really, we were sucked in by the smell and it was convenient since we had taken a walking tour of Society Hill and ended up there but I was not very impressed.
I had a great time, the atmosphere was good. It's a nice quiet and the service was personable and professional.
Who ever made my food put so much love in it. Amazing.
I ordered pakoras and mattar paneer sooooo good!
Grabbed a quick vegetarian lunch box on a weekday and it was delicious! Lovash was quick to fill the order and everything was still hot by the time I was able to eat it.
Just discovered Lovash and I'm so glad I did! I appreciate all the delicious vegan options, and the website makes it easy to filter just those items so there's no confusion and order online. They've been really quick at putting together my to-go orders, and the staff has been super friendly both times I've been. In my most recent order I got the Spinach Paratha, Dal Special, Baigan Bharta, and Vegetable Pakoras and each item hit the spot. I would love if they're able to find more eco-friendly non-plastic and non-polystyrene alternatives to their to-go containers, but I'm sure that's a challenge for restaurants trying to keep costs down. I'll be back again soon!
This is one of the only restaurants I really go to for Indian cuisine and the food is good. I just don't know why they put coupons in the Entertainment coupon book every year and then don't honor them. Obviously they are making a deal with the book to put those in there, and people pay money for those books. So it's surprising they don't accept the coupons when you go to use one.
Went to lunch with a friend, brought our own bottle of wine, and had the $20 lunch special where you get an appetizer and two entrees. The food was great, the service was great! We had the saag and the korma - both were delicious and very flavorful. The waiter was very helpful, and had no problem with us sitting inside to delay the cold walk home for a long time after we finished eating. I will definitely be back!
I ordered some delivery one lazy Sunday after buying a groupon.  You can't use the groupon for Deliverey, but I love Indian so much I figured I'd have another opportunity.  I ordered chicken tikka masala, garlic naan. 

I have been on a quest to find the best Indian food in Philly, and this was just not it. The food was fine, a solid 3 stars. The delivery was EXTREMELY slow, but they did call to let me know it was going to be awhile because of the inclement weather (big rain storm), so while hungry, i wasn't that annoyed and i was clearly not leaving my house. 

In this small area, I would probably pick Minar Palace over Lavash, but it wasn't a bad choice, and I will eat there again. 

Ooh, also you card online and if you spend over $25 you get $5 off.
Stumbled in on the happy hour! Great rates for the samosa and mixed drinks. I snagged a mango Malabar! Its like spiked mango lassi and totally made my day on a sunny hot evening! Atul and Moses are very hospitable and very entertaining as well. The chutneys were yum, the samosa was crisp. I was just craving good Indian food and this was the closest to Penn's Landing. The Happy Hour is totally worth the money! Got done in less than 10 bucks :) Happy pocket, and yummy tummy ;)
Awesome Indian food with a great setting and super pleasant staff! My girlfriend needed a vegetarian option and doesn't know too much about Indian food, the manager/owner (wish I got his name!) talked her through some options and she ended up loving her meal. The Naan was amazing as well. We're gonna be regulars from here on out!
Lovash is a lovely little BYO toward the end of South Street. 

Their food is delicious, and consistently so, and we go here pretty often- or order delivery from them. 

Their prices border on the high end, but not "Palace at the Ben" high. The food is great and the staff are super attentive and friendly, always willing to toss out a suggestion if you aren't sure what to get. 

I'll definitely be back, or ordering online again- of that much I am sure.
This is probably the best Indian food experience I've had in my life :) The atmosphere was beautiful, and the food was delicious. I was wary about ordering the crab appetizer from an Indian place (I'm a Marylander so I know a good crab dish), and was mind blown. It was an affordable meal. The food took quite awhile to come out, but it was definitely worth every minute. I'll be back.
This is normally my go-to for Indian - but I have to admit it's not consistent enough for me to stick with it for good.  Every few times, I try to branch out and find a better spot. I keep coming back so that says something.

My favorites are the Shami kebab, lamb/chicken vindaloo, and vegetable curry.  When it's good, it's really good.  There are times, though, when everything is just a little off - the naan is undercooked, the Shami kebab is grainy and falls apart, and the chicken is fatty, the lamb is overcooked and tough.  It's either on the money or all of it is slightly off.

I've done the buffet too - nothing special.
Every time we are in Philadelphia we stop by Lovash for a really delicious meal at a great price.  The best deal is their "2 for $20" which gives you a complete meal for two people for $20 (ask for the special menu if you don't get it when you are seated).
Having never dined in an Indian restaurant I wasn't quite sure what to expect when I was convinced to go here for dinner tonight - but I was NOT disappointed. We had the mixed appetizers for starters and every part of that was delicious, especially the lamb kebob. I had the Surf & Turf Masala on special and it was amazing. All of the flavors blended so well it was magic in my mouth. The lamb was very tender, the basmati cooked to perfection, the shrimp exploded with flavor. At $16.99 the price was beyond fair for the large amount of food ( I could have easily split it with my date and still be stuffed - instead I have a doggie bag of leftover tandoori chicken, naan, and vegetables. )
The atmosphere was bright and clean, classy but casual. The entire wait staff was very polite and helpful, beyond friendly. I cannot wait to visit again!
Really not very good at all. We've been here a few times and every time, it's disappointing. Food is just salty and not flavorful. They can't seem to figure out the logistics of running a restaurant. Just bad all around. 

It's edible, hence 2 stars and not 1. But it ain't good.
Absolutely the worst indian food we've ever had. No flavor at all and not warm served. Would never come back.
Way too expensive in comparison to portion size. We ordered delivery and although we really enjoyed the taste, it was $30 for the two of us and we did not have anything left over for later.
There are a few personal staples by which I judge Indian places. I ordered those plus the Mixed Appetizers. 

Mixed Appetizers: The shami kebabs were perfectly cooked, nice and crispy yet tender, and delicious. Veggie pakora was awesome. Vegetable samosa was good, nothing special. The only negative was the chicken tikka, which was extremely dry - but not a favorite of mine anyway. The mint sauce was exceptional, nice and spicy. The tamarind sauce was also excellent. 

Meat samosas: Again, perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside and juicy and tender on the inside. Same excellent sauces. 

Vegetable korma: very good korma, no complaints. Could be a LITTLE creamier, but nitpicking here. 

Musulini naan: this could be my fault, since I usually get garlic naan, but this had garlic in it along with cheese - but I would have liked much more garlic. It also wasn't as soft as I like. 

To sum it up, exceptional sauces, shami kebabs, and pakora. Very good korma and meat samosas. Naan could be better, but maybe I ordered the wrong one. I'd avoid the chicken tikka. 

Delivery was fast and they put the food in a nice cloth bag.
Delicious Indian food!! I live a few blocks away and come to Lovash all of the time! Great vegetarian-friendly options! The aloo dum banarsi is the best!
I'm no expert on Indian cuisine, but I have had better Indian food in my day.  Lovash is basic, inexpensive, no frills Indian food with a nice, friendly BYOB atmosphere.

We started off with the no brainer mixed appetizer platter (why would you pay $8 for just a plate of 1 thing when you can pay $8 for a plate of a variety of things??  Riddle me that...), followed with piping hot paneer naan, and two entrees consisting of a spicy lamb in tomato mixture (I forget the name but it was the "executive chef's special") and aloo gobi.  Both were tasty, but my Indian friend makes way better and saucier aloo gobi.  The lamb was good, but not at all spicy, and I'm a spice wimp.  The rice was undercooked and came with a weird side of carrots.

To sum it up: it was good, super filling, and cheap, but I am not sure I'd be running back again for my Indian fix.
This is our go-to Indian place in the city. On our first trip, the service was slow and the ambiance was awkward (no music, complete silence, except for the only other couple in the restaurant sitting right next to us so we could hear each other's conversations). But we returned soon after because the food was, and every time since, has been amazing. Indian music was playing! :) The servers as well as the guy who seems to run the restaurant are super friendly and kind. They seem to do a lot of take out orders, too, and the restaurant is often empty except for us dining in. The last time we went we got a "Lovash" re-usable tote to carry out our leftovers. We love this restaurant!
Palak paneer is second my favorite indian dish (JUST edged out by a good malai kofta) and I have had the PP twice here, both times for takeout, both times delicious.  

The mango lassi I ordered one time was served in large soup-to-go container (because I guess they have no takeaway cups).  I had fun drinking out of it with a straw.  Most delicious dessert soup ever.

This place is great!  I'd like to eat-in sometime, but for now, it's a perfect takeaway spot when all I want to do is eat indian food and watch the Godfather in bed (it may sound an odd combination, but one should not knock it until they have tried it).
I've always had lovely food and lovely service, here. It's my treat to myself when I'm in the area. The owner is such a wonderful person-- warm and gracious and friendly and more than willing to talk food. Or anything else! 

The lamb korma is my go-to. So rich and filling and sumptuous. I adore it!
Lovash is my "go to" Indian restaurant in Philly.  We get takeout from here all the time.  The classic Indian dishes are all prepared perfectly at Lovash, and the staff is always friendly and eager to please.  My favorite is the Daal special, and and Shahi Paneer is excellent too.  Check it out you won't be disappointed!
5 stars. Soooooo delicious, I think my food was better because of my customer service experience. The staff at lovash was super welcoming and very sweet. I got takeout which took about 15-20. The whole time they kept a great conversation with me and when I got my food home it was even better than expected. I had a great experience and you should go (they also have a full bar. Wooooo)
We had lunch at Lovash and it was awesome! The food was delicious and they had a great lunch special that goes until 2:30, not a lot of money for a huge portion. Service was great as well, the food came out very quickly and our server, Atul, was so friendly and made us feel welcome the minute we stepped in. Definitely will go back!
It was a slow Tuesday night when we stopped in for dinner. Seated immediately (we were the only patrons), got our lemon water and drink order. Minutes later, we ordered our crab appetizer and our entrees. The food was delicious! The lamb saag and chicken tikka masala arrived with basmati rice and a small salad. While some may say that the portions are small, it is actually filling enough for a person of a normal, healthy appetite! Do not expect to gorge on food like you are at a buffet. We opted for gulab jamun, rice pudding and homemade mango kulfi (ice cream). I was even able to have a discount coupon honored for checking into the restaurant on Yelp. Overall, an excellent dinner and experience from Lovash and the staff. I highly recommend this restaurant.
Lovash provided both my first and my second experiences with Indian cuisine.  Although I don't have much experience with this type of food, I absolutely must sing praises for this restaurant.  I was so impressed...I ate here twice in one week!  My friends, who ate at Lovash with me, are both veterans of Indian cuisine and they were very pleased with everything we ordered as well!

While we were waiting for our food, the server brought out papadum with mint and tamarind sauces.  Both times, I had meat samosas for an appetizer, which came with the same sauces.  The mint sauce is very spicy, but has a wonderful fresh flavor.  The tamarind sauce was absolutely phenomenal.  Sweet and earthy.  I couldn't get enough!  The meat samosas are seriously to die for.  Perfectly crispy and filled with ground meat and veggies.  I could make a whole meal of them, if the appetizer came with more than two.  They're pretty hefty, though!  

On my first trip, I ordered chicken tikka and paneer naan, which came out with my main course.  The chicken tikka was wonderful.  It was served, still sizzling, on a wood and metal platter.   The veggies were flavorful and the chicken was juicy and absolutely amazing.  The paneer naan had a bit too much cilantro for my taste, the plain naan was absolutely delicious.  Hot and tender.

On my second trip, I ordered chicken vindaloo.  I much preferred this dish to the chicken tikka, but it was a significantly smaller portion, which is really unfortunate!  It's heavenly.  I ordered it as a 1 on their 1-10 heat scale, with 10 being super spicy.  Overall, I really appreciate the option to not have my food unbearably spicy.  I'm a total pansy when it comes to that, so I was happy to be able to enjoy the flavors of my meal without regretting every burning mouthful.  I had to ask for extra rice to take home with me both times.  I had leftover chicken tikka and vindaloo, but they were definitely a little light on the helpings of rice!

The first time I came here, when we were all finished and ready to go we ended up having to wait a fairly long while for our check while the servers were just standing around chatting.  That was pretty frustrating.  The second time around, our server was clearly new to waiting tables and was a little flustered and scatterbrained, but still on top of things.  Even so, the manager himself came by at the end and gave me a coupon for 25% off for my next time there, as well as making sure that everything was fine with our meal.  He was delightful, friendly, and helpful.  The staff here is great, for the most part, the atmosphere is fun and relaxing, and the food is really tasty.  I plan on returning often!  :)
We just ate lunch at Lovash. Super good! They have awesome (read: awesome and cheap) lunch specials until 2:30. My boyfriend and I split the "mixed appetizer". I'm semi-new to Indian food so I don't know all of the names. It had veggie pakora and samosas. Plus tandoori chicken. Some kind of lamb patty, maybe? 

Then I got a lamb sandwich. And my boyfriend got the chicken saag. HUGE PORTIONS. 

All of the food was wonderful. 

The service, however, was a little slow. We were expecting to spend an hour at lunch. But it was fine!

~$25 for the food plus one soda.
They've broken down the wall into the next retail space and expanded their seating area! It seemed to happen overnight, and has really improved the flow of the place. Waitstaff are really enthusiastic, and the owner (I think) comes by to check on you to make sure you're enjoying your meal. My go to is now the tofu saag, which I haven't seen anywhere else and is yummy and filling; throw some garlic naan in and you have me waddling home tummy first. Hubby's go to has become the vegetarian thali, which is best reserved for when you're super hungry because it's so much food! A great way to sample a lot of dishes though if you're looking for something to share =)
After another fabulous haircut from Jeremiah at The Alley, I stopped by Lovash for wonderful meat samosas, chicken tikka and nan tonight. The pastry was golden crisp, not greasy, and the nan was crispy-puffy, not the usual cloying, thick flatbread found at other -unnamed- Indian restaurants in Philly. The grilled chicken was perfectly seasoned and then sauteed into a sweet accompaniment of roasted zucchini, carrots and red onion. The decor was very nice and the service attentive. My guests for the Flower Show will surely be ecstatic when I bring them to this cozy BYOB.
Travelled to Philadelphia from Hershey and Lovash surely was an incentive to be there!
The chicken samosa and pakoda were crazy!!!
The green chutney was 10/10.. flavorful and fresh.
I highly recommend everyone to try it.
Wonderful dinner and wonderful staff. Don't get Indian food too often but it was amazing the waiters helped us out with picking our entree and they were spot on.
Great lunch menu, perfect portion and only $20 for an appetizer and two entrees! Can't beat that! (Plus the owner was really nice and the food delicious!)
Fantastic night with the wife who is dairy and gluten free. Veggie samosas were great as was the vegetable curry and chicken tiki masala. Environment and service was superb...so friendly and welcoming.
This is my first "real" time trying Indian food that wasn't cooked by someone I know personally, and it was amazing.   For the record, I am not into super-spicy food.  I just can't deal -- the burning lips, the runny nose... it all leads to an unhappy Julia.  But I can tell you that none of this happened for me with Lovash.
First of all: we had a Groupon, and tried to order by phone for delivery -- they don't take the Groupon for delivery, but still gave us the 20% (online) discount, even though we ordered by phone.  So nice!
Then after the wait, the food came and it smelled amazing.  We tore into the dishes like animals, and oh dear... The Chicken Saag was deeelish!  Just a tad spicy (not overpowering) and the chicken wasn't dried out at all.  My boyfriend had the Chicken Vindaloo and I was nervous -- red sauce can mean super spicy (not my thing), but it was amazing.  Wonderful taste, and still, the chicken was moist and wonderful.  
Yay, Lovash!  We'll definitely have it again!
It's cold. You are not in the mood to walk to the grocery store to get dinner fixings, even if it is two blocks away. You want something reliable and cozy, but also a little different. Lovash it was last night and I was so incredibly pleased. We ordered online and although the Paypal payment did not go through, we called and they had it to us in under 25 minutes. We ordered the appetizer platter, the aloo parantha, the mulligatawny, the chicken tikka masala, and the began bhurta. I agree with others that the portions are small, but this cost us less than 40 dollars and they gave us a discount (maybe for ordering online? maybe because we ordered a certain amount?). AND we were stuffed. The best part is, they give you a reusable bag when they deliver your take-out. I love it! I think Lovash is a nicely kept secret in a town that thinks Tiffin is the only option for Indian delivery. So shhhhhhh......
Great spot., small intimate space. The atmosphere was great.  It was my first time going to a Indian restaurant, the young waiter was very helpful with dish Ideas. I especially enjoyed the soup, (Murga Shorba) it's a curyy, tomatoe, onion base soup, it had a little kick to it which I enjoyed. Def will go back.
Racial profiling is never a good thing, especially with regard to food. Lovash is a pretty damn good restaurant. Not THAT much better than the places I know in West Philly, but you pay a premium for the South Street location. But what gets me is the spice rating system. When you order, they ask you to rate, from 1 to 10, how spicy you want your food. But -- I swear this is true, my friends and I (unscientifically) tested it various time -- the Caucasian 10 is waaaaaaay different from the Indian 10. That is to say, if I go with an Indian friend and we both order the same dish ("A ten, please"), my dish will actually be more of a 7.5.  The staff at Lovash doesn't think I can handle the spice! Ha, I'll show them.
Stopped in a few times for on the run appetizers. Glad I stayed to dine-in today. Service was great, food was excellent and fed my need for alone time!

Next time I'll try something spicy!
Meh.

Food was good, but nowhere near spicy enough. My boyfriend liked the naan. 

Meh.
Lovash is one of the fancier restaurants on South Street. The indoor ambiance is beautiful and takes you out of the South Street vibes and into a serene Indian-esque ambiance. The curries are delicious and the naan bread is warm and fluffy. Lastly, the waitress was really nice and chatted somewhat with my friend and I. Definitely a place to try out.
The food was pretty good and the price was right. 

The portions were kind of small though. A few people i was with were still hungry when we left. 

The curries werent too spicy which is fine by me but if you like the hot stuff make sure you ask for it.
Vegetable Samosas were wonderful especially if you like ginger.  My friend and I split the lamb sandwich... it was alright.. it needed more spiciness. The raita that came with needed more garlic....

But the owner was very straightforward and honest and made this a very wonderful and inexpensive dining experience.  He told us if we were both going to get a sandwich, to just split it because they're huge and we wouldn't finish it... it ended up being a perfect amount of food.  

Overall, I would go back... I would get those vegetable samosas, but I would not get the lamb sandwich again.
This Indian restaurant is in a steepening decline along with most of South Street east of 9th. The quality and service are no longer as good as several years ago. Requests to make dishes less spicy are seemingly disregarded. The chicken tikka masala is underwhelming. On the positive side, the garlic naan is quite good.
