After hemming and hawing between Indian and Thai tonight, we ultimately went with Indian Restaurant. It was our first experience and a good one at that. We opted for the delivery service via the website, which is super easy to use, with the ability to make edits or notes for each dish, and they accept credit cards for payment. I do wish there was a way to add on a tip for the delivery, though. Our delivery guy was unable to break a twenty which was all the cash we had. I'm making a mental note to swing by in-person this week so I can drop off a belated tip. 

I hadn't realized how hungry I was until we opened the bag and the aromas took over. We tore off the lids and got down to it. Tandoori shrimp served over spinach were nice. I recently had tandoori shrimp at Tashan and these weren't exactly on the same level but they were good. The chicken vindaloo was very spicy, just like the little pepper icon on the menu indicated. I started hiccuping uncontrollably after just one bite, but I'm pretty sensitive to spice. That said, this dish was probably a little too hot for me, so I'd probably opt for something different next time. I will say that the chicken was perfectly cooked and tender. So I'm looking forward to trying another variation.

An Indian dinner is not complete without naan, and we tried the garlic and peshwari styles. Again, I just had these at Tashan so I'm totally biased towards theirs, but each of Indian Restaurant's naans were solid. The sweetness of the peshwari actually made the vindaloo a little more bearable for my sensitive palate. Three different sauces were included as well, with the slightly sweet one being my favorite. Again, probably because it helped tone down the spice. 

We've got tons of rice and some of the vindaloo left over. It's safe to say we'll definitely give Indian Restaurant another shot soon.
So, I'm getting my wig trimmed, and the barber suggests a BYOB called Indian Restaurant.  I love me a good BYOB.

A couple days later, Cabernet in hand, I walk with a lovely lady, in the midst of a snow storm, to embark on a fine Indian adventure.  I enter and am greeted by a tall, slender manikin dressed in clothing you might find in India.  She was friendly, however, I was a bit confused.  Given the name of the place, I was expecting feathers, leather garb, long braids and a buffet of beef jerky, wild corn, pemmican, smoking tobacco, peyote and other famous Native American delights.

After getting my bearings and realizing that the restaurant served Indian food (like that found in India), although a bit caught off guard, I remained very excited about the meal to come.  

Overall, the food was great, but I think the owners could do a bit to enhance the clarity of the restaurant name.  

The place is a sit down spot, but pretty casual.

Here's what we got:

Lamb Saag -- love Saag.  The sauce is made from pureed spinach.  Looks gross, tastes awesome.  I dig it because it's a meat dish with a solid serving of veg built into the sauce.

Chicken Tikka -- Can't go wrong here.

Mixed Veg Platter -- can't remember exactly which one.  I asked the waiter for a recommendation.  He hooked it up.

It came with rice.

Everything was great!!

Due to the snow, the place was pretty empty.  Although, there was a table of four sitting next to us and we were able to eavesdrop on a interesting conversation about pharmaceuticals, drug abuse, withdrawal, etc.  I'm pretty sure one of the girls was a  medical professional.  Did you know that alcohol and xanax are some of the most dangerous substances to withdrawal from!?!

Service was totally adequate.  They tended to our needs, but didn't bother us.  We enjoyed a long dinner with flowing conversation punctuated only by bouts of hysterical laughter.  A night to remember.

Oh and if you are a crazy paleo weirdo (like me) or gluten free, Indian food is pretty accommodating.   ENJOY!
Ok, I've found it.  This is the best Indian food in the city.  I went through the standards: Mumbai, Ekta, Tiffin, Lovash, Minar Palace, Palace at the Ben.... and some non-standards (okay, only Tashan and that place in Reading Terminal that I forget....)  But this one wins.  I have now had delivery (an embarrassing number of times - so I'll just say that it was enough times to make it statistically significant..... and for the different drivers to recognize me...) take-out, and have dined in this establishment.  The food is phenomenal, and they make it spicy when asked.  If you want really spicy, they'll do that too.  
Chicken Tikka Masala, Chana Masala, Lamb Curry, Saag Paneer..... staples are all delicious.  And of course the Naan... yum.  

My dine-in experience was great too, the place is quaint and cute, service was impeccable; I order my dishes spicy and need my water never to be empty.  It never was.  

One note for delivery/takeout - the rice never seems to match with the number of dishes ordered.  I order one dish, they give me one thing of rice. Three dishes, one thing of rice.  Ask for more rice if you order more than one dish so you won't be disappointed.
It's a shame I have to write this review.  I normally like this place, but I went in last night with four other people and the waitstaff were unbelievable.  They double charged us for things, also charged us $13 for a basket of bread and when I asked to see it on the menu they said "it wasn't listed."  That's a scam.  We paid for everything though because we didn't feel like bothering to fight with them.  Not planning on going back though because who wants to go to a restaurant that charges you for food you didn't eat and makes up astronomical prices for unlisted menu prices.  They also stood at our table and hovered over us while we filled in our cc receipts.  What are you doing?!?  

Watch your bill, they're shiesty.
2 Star - "Meh. I've experienced better" sums it all.

I really have to say that it was really mediocre Indian food. The first issue was that when I called, I was ready to give my credit card number over the phone (delivery order).... the gentleman was really nice to say, "10% off you actually pay by cash"... Great right? I told him I only had a 100 dollar bill though, so I clearly said I would need change, he acknowledged by saying "of course they have change"..... 

30 minutes later, the delivery guy arrived and didn't have any change readily available. I called, talked to the same guy on the phone... told him the situation for him to tell me "well now you have to pay full price, no discount, I have to pay credit card fee for processing credit card so no 10% discount"... Now, though some readers might say, well if you had cash you would have been fine - and though I understand the whole having a credit card processing fee.... but it would have started a first time buyer "relationship" on a high by showing good customer service....

So already there, out of 5 stars, I deducted 1 star. 

Next... it's all about the food that could save the day right?

Ordered Samosas, Chicken Tikki Masala, Chicken Korma and garlic naan. (only coming with 1 order of basmati  rice... oddly supposed to come with two as I asked over the phone when ordering 2 main dishes)...... whatever let's eat!

If you are familiar with the city.... there's an Indian Restaurant "Minar Palace". If you know about it, I would like to know what you think about it.... if you don't, I'm recommending it.... cause the entire time I was eating the indian food from this place... I kept thinking... Minar Palace is SO much better. Roughly the same price, the flavors are better at Minar and just kept thinking of the food there.

deducted 2 stars from there. 

Food here wasn't terrible.... wasn't great. But let's just say I wanted to try somewhere "new and different" for a change and I kind of regret that decision.
Delicious, reasonable food in a festive storefront. The organizer of our party of eight informed us that it's really Burmese food. I cannot confirm that. But, it is very good. 

We were presented two of the puffed breads (will update with name but meantime see photo) to share with trios of green hot sauce, picked chopped tomatoes, and chutney. 

To be confined...
This USED to be my go to Indian restaurant in philly. Only because they were the few Indian restaurants that offer bindi masala near me. The food I have to give 2.5 stars, it's made for the American palette. But the main reason why I will be choosing to spend my money elsewhere and will not be returning, is my sister and I tried to dine there tonight we came in a little before 930 and one of the guys (I'm guessing the manager or owner judging by the way he was dressed differently than the other waiters) was already huffing and puffing that we came in, wasn't pleasant or welcoming, he just simply said we close at 10 ok so you need to hurry and order. He sat us down and came back with our menus and repeated that we need to hurry, order the food, eat and leave by 10 sounding very impatient and angry and not at all in a pleasant manner. He didn't sound like he wanted us or our business there so I said to my sister I don't feel like supporting this business and we got up and left. 

To the manager who rudely "served" us, if you are reading this, I just want you to know we already knew what we wanted, we've frequented your restaurant so many times. And now I will never recommend your restaurant to any of my friends.
I have ordered from this place several times before and I've always had a decent experience. This time, I wanted to order their lunch special($10.95) and a samosa appetizer ($3.95). Since I'd never had their lunch special before, I decided to call them up and find out what it would entail. 
They guy who picked up the call, was gruff in his manner, but I'm not one to hold this against a restaurant. I ask him about the lunch special and the first thing he says is "what's the phone number?" Um...okay...fine. I give him my phone number and he starts an order. I go along because, hey, I wanted to order some food anyway. Then he tells me that the total falls well short of  the $15minimum (Which would not be the case if I ordered over Eat24). So I ordered another set of samosas. Now he tells me the total is $20.36, and by now I'm extremely uncomfortable with the prices I've been quoted. So I politely tell him that I would like to cancel this one and order online. To which he seemed to agree, and even advised me to remember the $15 minimum.
I order online and my total comes up to $16.90 without tip as opposed to the $20.36 he would've charged me. Relieved at having made the right decision, I go about my day. 5 minutes later, I get a call from the restaurant and some guy (the same one I talked to earlier) starts YELLING at me for having made 'duplicate' orders. He didn't even let me get a word in! When he calmed down enough for me to remind him that I told him very clearly about cancelling, he started yelling again. And when I told him to simply cancel the first order, he yells again about how 'its a computer and he cannot change it' and he would be cancelling both my orders. Wow. 
Turns out this guy is the manager of the restaurant. What a shitty service. The management is going to run this place to the ground, and I don't think I'll be sorry when it goes to dust. Avoid avoid avoid! You'd be much better off at Minar Palace, where the management is much nicer to talk to and the food is much better than this sorry excuse for Indian food.
I think the photos speak loudly. Never have I ever had Biryani with peas. This isn't even considered chicken fried rice, it's just flavorless rice with dry chicken and peas. 

The chicken vindaloo wasn't actually vindaloo, not sure what paste they used but they didn't cook the potatoes all the way through. Which is sad, because we were the only people there and our order took 40 mins to come our. 

The naan was a non issue. Didn't even try it. It was cold and I'm 99% sure this is the same stuff they sell in the frozen section at Wegmans. 

It's hilarious that this place is called "Indian Restaurant", it's anything but a Indian restaurant.
Bad bad food. Ordered paneer makhani and it was extremely sweet. It was only after a while we figured out that the gravy was made out of mashed up sweet potato.  Has anyone heard of sweet potato curry in Punjabi food. 

Bad dal makhani.no flavor at all. I dont want the dal bukhara, but is it asking too much to want some flavor?? No salt, no nothing that punjabi food is known for.  Horrible lassi.. too sweet.. The appetizer that we ordered, channa chaat was just decent. 

Noth worth ur time and money to eat at this place. Look for something else and south st has way too many other good options.
They don't know how to treat customers. Two tables were literally pushed out of the place because it was approaching 10pm. Before that they refused to take an order at 9.45pm because "the kitchen had closed."
If your workers have to go home at 10pm then make sure you close the restaurant at 9.30pm so that people can still eat in peace.
Disappointed!
The first time I tried this place it would have gotten a 4. You can't just give out 5's, so that would be a high ranking for me. We then ordered again and were disappointed.  The second time would have got a 2, so this place gets an average of 3. 

Good restaurants require consistency. So, when you order the same meal twice, and get different results, it is ashame. The nan is consistent, but the curries and some other dishes, like the eggplant vary a bit. 

Also, when people ask for spicy food you should get it, not a comment that they didn't think you could handle it. 

The 10% off if you pay for case though is redeeming and the prices are good.
I've tried most Indian restaurants in the city and I come back to this place over and over again. It's by far the best for takeout. I've tried making palak paneer like theirs and it's never the same. It's delicious! Get it! I've been doing a lot of portion control this year and one order usually gets me 3 meals. Recently I froze my leftovers and had it again 2 weeks later and it was still delicious. I've also had their samosas, parathas, garlic naan, tandoori chicken, Chicken korma, and paneer makhani and would get any of those again. Try it! You won't regret it! Also, their gulab jamun were good for dessert !

I did order their Channa chaat and was under whelmed so stick to the rest of the items!
I've been here a few times and every experience is like the other. The food is decent and the atmosphere is good. White table clothes and dim lighting. What I always experience here, however is the owners are chomping at the bit for one to eat the food and then get out. The restaurant closes at 10 but at 945, the lights got bright and the vacuum started buzzing. The message was clear. It's tacky. I wish they could deal with customers that are buying food, lingering over conversation and having connection over a good meal. 
Doesn't seem to be the goal for this establishment.
It tastes okay. I'll give it that. Does it taste like what I expect from an Indian restaurant? Heck no.

I wasn't looking for an authentic experience, and I know that when I go to an Indian restaurant in most cities in the US, I have to expect some localization. Get it. Understood. Cater to the neighborhood.

For example - cream isn't typically used in Indian home cooking, only restaurant cooking. But to put cream in dishes that other restaurants know better than to defame with extra dairy? A bit much. There is NO reason muttar paneer should have THAT MUCH cream in it, much less any at all. On top of that, the seasoning overall is very weak. My dinner ended up tasting like salty whipping cream over peas. The saag ends up being like creamed spinach. The daal is like cream of lentil soup. STOP WITH THE CREAM.

Granted, I haven't eaten here since last year because of this...so it may be different now. With other options in the area (or, a far but worthy walk away - New Delhi, let's say), I'm not wasting my time trying it out again to see if they've improved.
Came here for dinner when we were really craving some Indian food! Since moving to the Center City area, I had yet to try any Indian restaurants on the east side of the Schuylkill, so it only took a quick Yelp search to find this place, conveniently named "Indian Restaurant" (lol...) so we decided to give it a try! 

We were seated quickly and were brought over some papdum (lentil crackers) with different sauces. We asked for some hot tea as well since it was pretty cold outside! 

We ordered the plain naan bread, and an order of the chicken tikka masala and aloo goobi to share. Each dish came with a side of rice as well. The naan was delicious and went great with the food. As previous reviews have stated, the tikka masala is really really good here! 5/5. I could taste of the spices blended together in the fresh, creamy tomato sauce - yum!! The chicken was cooked to perfection. The aloo gobi hit the spot! 4/5. 

The service was excellent - our waiter could not have been nicer. I'll definitely be back next time Im craving some chicken tikka masala and keep this place in mind for take-out too!
I wasn't expecting much from someplace called "Indian Restaurant" but my delivery order tonight was really pretty bad. I got vegetable samosa, grilled meat appetizer and chicken karahi.

The samosa was way greasy and oily, and the filling nothing great.

The grilled meat appetizer was the best thing I ordered, which is not saying much. I think the best item in there was the green chicken kabob, probably reshmi kabob if you want to order off the menu. The bottom of that dish was also oily... for unclear reasons as it's all dry kabobs.

Chicken karahi - you guessed it, oily. Also, I kept getting bits of rawish ginger (ew) and the flavors nothing special.

Would not order again.
3.5 stars. I have had delivery from here a couple times now--it's consistently good but not amazing. I've tried both the saag paneer and the saag with shrimp, and my boyfriend gets the chicken vindaloo which was too mild when he asked for medium spicy and too spicy when he just went with the normal level of spice. The portions are good sized, and it usually lasts me 2 meals. 

A big plus for this place is their speedy delivery. Both times I have ordered they have quoted me 45 or so minutes for delivery, and they are usually at my door before 30 minutes has passed. I definitely want to dine in sometime soon because it's BYO!
I am one picky Indian food snob :), so I was totally surprised by the offerings at Indian Restaurant (awesome name by the way). Not perfect, but by no means the greasy entrees offered at most Indian restaurants. And with a lack of Indian cuisine in the city, I would totally recommend this place. For apps we started with the samosas (of course). They were flaky and not too spicy. The Imli chutney (the brown tamarind sauce) was great, but I was bummed to see that they did not serve a coriander chutney (wtf- samosas are always served with both :(). The papadams were perfectly crispy and the chana chat was pretty tasty, but not as awesome as the samosas.

As for entrees, the lamb vindaloo was absolutely delicious! Perfect pairing of spices and tender lamb meat. The saag paneer was fine (nothing to write home about). The chicken tikka masala was very good, but its my least favorite dish to order at an Indian restaurant. My friends were all raving about it so it seemed to go over well with the group. The only thing I truly disliked was the bindi. It was greasy and just awful. Other than that the food was tasty, not too greasy, and definitely worth trying...
My first question about this place was; I wonder how they came up with the name. My only guess is that they decided that the most creative name for an Indian restaurant would be Indian Restaurant because it would always get a second question like... really the place is named Indian restaurant.. WTF... 

I like this place but only if you're dining in. The food is very flavorful, generous portions and very affordable. You will not leave this place hungry, believe me. Oh yeah and did I tell you? Its a BYOB which makes this place a relatively cheap place to eat for really good food. I try and get different dishes every time I go, however my go to meal is the Malai Kofta and Chicken Kadai. 

Only complaint about this place is delivery. The food loses its freshness and is just not as good.
Really excited to order from here for Diwali!

But...highly disappointed. 

All the food was very evidently frozen and not fresh. That's all I have to say about the food-not fresh and so obvious in the flavors..or lack there of. 

Ordered the bhaigan bartha (eggplant) and saag paneer (cheese and spinach) for $11 each. Came with unproportional amount of basmatic rice (but all restaurants do that so no points deducted). 

The food was ready quickly (got takeout) but..I'm definitely going to go elsewhere next time I'm craving my mom's cooking.

And seriously... the name is  "Indian restaurant...?
They opened today, just as I passed by on my way home from work! Yay! Seeing that I was solo for dinner plans tonight and it was raining (hey it's as good of an excuse as any, right?), so it was a perfect moment for take out. I think I may have walked in 15 minutes into opening. Possibly customer #1. 

They own King of Tandoor up on Callowhill, so definitely not their first time running a restaurant. Everything was ready to go - menus, register/ordering system, kitchen, takeout containers, etc - no fumbling around trying to figure out how to run a business. The owner (I think he's the owner?) was there and he was super friendly, asking that I come back and let him know if I didn't like something. I've been hoping for an Indian takeout in this area, and have been eagerly awaiting their arrival ever since signs went up in the fall. 

Ordered samosas, chicken tikka masala, alu mattar gobi, and naan - yes, all for me. I sacrifice, all for the sake of this review. Food was ready fairly quickly, packaged well, and pretty yummy. Looks like they decided to be safe and start off with pretty mild spices, the sauce was flavorful but did not have the kick at the end - you know, that burn that only has you coming back for another bite, only to slap you hard except the pain starts to feel kinda good? No? Well then. Let's pause for an awkward moment before we go back to talking about the food. 

The sauces tonight only hinted at its potential to bring on the heat, but played it mellow and warm, ostensibly so that they don't scare away any newbie locals. Even so, I devoured more than is appropriate for one human being. I'll be sure to go back, and will be letting the nice owner manager person (whose name I totally forgot to ask) know that I'm ready for round two, but to turn up the heat another notch or two or three.
Came here last night with the family. Split a bunch of the chicken and lamb dishes. The saag paneer was AWESOME as well as all of the meat dishes. Already craving the lamb vindaloo again! The service was also very attentive and love that it is one of the only BYO Indian restaurants in the area. 

Very authentic experience at a great price point instead of the upscale Indian restaurants with $25 entrees that are all over the place these days.

Check it out!
Hands down one of the best Indian restaurants in the area! I've been eating here for years and I've never been disappointed. Like never. I've eaten many different entrees and each one of the meals were deliciously good!
Under normal circumstances, I would review Indian Restaurant pretty favorably.  Their food, while likely not the most authentically spicy approach, is tasty.  Samosas are crispy and delicious, chicken tikka masala is flavorful if a bit runny in the sauce (but it blends well with the ample rice they provide), and their saag paneer has a nice spicy quality to it (flavorful-spicy, not hot-spicy).  I'm a repeat customer who lives in the neighborhood, and have found that delivery time is quite fast (20-30 min at most) when I order.  Their drivers are usually friendly and polite, too.

However, my negative review comes from two recent experiences, one so-so, one truly atrocious, both of which were failures in customer service.

The first bad experience happened maybe 2 weeks ago when I ordered some food on the restaurant's website.  I knew I'd be home late, so I scheduled delivery for about half an hour after I expected to be back.  On my way home, I got a call from the driver who said he was there -- a full hour before he was supposed to be.  I explained that I was on my way home, and he said he'd stop back in about half an hour.  This wasn't a catastrophe, since I got home in time to meet the driver, but it wasn't the experience it should have been.  I didn't recognize the driver, so maybe he was just new and didn't plan his route according to his orders.


The second bad experience happened this past weekend.  Again, I submitted an order using the restaurant's website order-entry (which, by the way, worked fine until this time). I submitted my order and received a confirmation email from the website.  I put the order on my credit card, which you usually have to sign for at the door upon delivery.  I placed my order at 7:30pm.  Delivery was estimated at 8:00, according to the confirmation email.  By 8:30, I still had no food, so I called the restaurant to inquire about my order status.  They asked for my address, which I told them, and said that the delivery guy had just left and would be there soon.  By 9:00, I still had received no food, so I called again.  The again asked for my address, which I told them, but this time said they had no record of the order.  I told them that I had a confirmation email, and would be happy to tell them the confirmation number on it for them to check.  They said "Yes, but we don't have the order here."  They then asked if they could get more information from me and maybe get me an order out, but by that point I was starving and told them not to bother.

This all would have been bad enough, but on top of this, two days later I saw that my credit card had actually been charged, even though I never signed for the order.  When I called and explained the situation, the person answering the phone said that only the owner could reverse the charge, and that he would not be in until the following day.  No apology was made for the poor service I received, no offer of a free meal, no effort was made whatsoever to mollify a justly irritated customer.

Currently, that is where things stand.  I was lied to twice, got no food in the end, was charged for food I never received, and now I apparently have to call back until I can speak to the owner, all without even a "We're very sorry about this, sir."  

I intend to call the restaurant (once) when the owner is supposed to be in, and request that the charge be reversed.  I'll update this accordingly.  However, at this point, I have to say that I would not order from Indian Restaurant again, given the atrocious customer service I experienced.    

Regardless of the ultimate outcome -- whether they reverse the charge or I have to sic my credit card company on them, and whether they attempt to make amends for all of this -- I thought folks here should be aware of what a worst-case-scenario at this restaurant is like.
My fiance and I decided to try here for lunch. We were the only two in the restaurant, yet the service was terrible. We ran out of both rice and water and the server never bothered to check in on us. Once we finished, we had to wait for him for 10 minutes! He ended up sitting at an empty table with his ear buds in, talking on the phone and never even looking over! I had to yell to get his attention. Extremely rude. The food was very meh, so I don't think I will be returning.
Cannot recommend this restaurant enough. The food is incredible, the service is impeccable, and the delivery time is astonishingly fast. This is the best thing to happen to G-Ho restaurant wise in a long time. As great as delivery is, I went there last night with my mom and wife and the service was impeccable. Had great suggestions when he heard what we liked and dropped us off a little rice pudding sampler free of charge at the end. The name is pretty bland but the service and food are anything but.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon (sometime between brunch and dinner) and were the only ones in the restaurant after a few take-out customers left. Two employees were hanging around the restaurant and it took us a moment to get their attention but after that they were more or less attentive. I wouldn't say it was the best service I've ever had. They turned on music shortly after we arrived so our conversation wasn't loudly echoing through the empty room.
The food was delicious. Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala, Aloo Gobi, and Tandoori Mixed Grill. We got a basket of mixed Naan which was warm and crispy and amazing. All of the flavors were great, the cheese in the saag paneer was fried perfectly, and all of the vegetables and meat were cooked perfectly. The only disappointment was that they seemed to be out of chickpeas so our Aloo Gobi was made with cauliflower, potato, and regular peas, which just isn't the same. 
Reasonably priced - five adults ate WELL for around $80. Entrees ran around $11.
I was hesitant of this place based on the generic name, but was craving Indian food and stopped by for a late lunch. I ordered the malai kofta and garlic naan and both were extremely sweet. The spices were overpowered with sugar. 

The service was fine, and my food wasn't inedible but just not the flavors I was expecting.
Whenever I'm in the city with my friends and we want indian food, we always come here!! I always get the chicken tikka masala with naan that comes with their basmati rice. It ALWAYS hits the spot. The service is excellent, very nice people! Love this place! :)
This is my favorite Indian restaurant. I have only done takeout, so I cannot speak to the dine in, but the food is spectacular. I am a regular customer. Highly recommend.
This was my fist non-buffet try of Indian cuisine.
WHAT HAVE I BEEN EATING ALL THIS TIME?!?!?!
I have been enjoying Thai for a long time and recently fell in love with Korean, but Indian! I loved everything I ate at this place. The chaat I had was great, then the samosa just dandy, but then my main dish came - a chicken masala (my husband had another chicken variation and I liked it even better since it had some coconut) and the minced meat naan was fantastic. I was so full but I still kept trying to eat everything.

The lighting was nice with an installation of neon mood lighting in the ceiling. White tablecloths, and prompt, friendly service. I only wish I had room for something mango afterwards. I will definitely go back.
This has to be the least creative name I have ever heard. I wouldn't have cared if the food was good, but unfortunately it wasn't. 

I am surprised with all the good reviews. Just goes to show that dearth of good Indian restaurants in Philly is causing people to be satisfied with sub par food. The food lacks flavor and my chicken wasn't even fresh, I could not have more than two bites of my chicken. My boy friend loves biryani and he ordered some here. I can tell you this; what came out of the kitchen was NOT biryani. It was some spiced rice with a few pieces of chicken in it. 

The owners of this restaurant  have another restaurant, King of Tandoor which is closer to where I live and they deliver. I would say the food at King of Tandoor is a lot better.
This is my family's go-to place for take out and delivery.  The prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive in each portion.  The lamb samosas are hefty and a great value (2 big ones for $3.50).  

I especially love the chana chat, the chicken biyani (filled with very juicy pieces of chicken), and the samosas.  My husband's favorite is lamb vindaloo and he has never complained about it not being spicy enough, a common complaint he has with most restaurants.  

We usually try something different on the menu every time we order, and we have never been disappointed.
I got take out from this place through Grub Hub. It took over two hours to arrive.  It was bad. Really bad.

We ordered: 
-- vegetable samosas, which were tough (thick dough) and tasteless (bland insides).
-- fish curry, which was oily and strongly fishy-tasting, as if the fish were old or badly defrosted.  Yuck. I felt sick for several hours after eating a few bites.
-- peshawari naan (Afghani-style bread with coconut), which was undercooked 
-- bindi bhajee (okra with tomato), which was passable, but nothing special
-- poori bhajee (puffed bread with chick peas), which was a mixed bag: the poori (bread) was hard, but the chick peas were the best thing in the order, according to my husband (I couldn't bring myself to try anything else after the fish curry).

Also, we asked for the food to be spicy, and it was very, very mild.  No spice to be found. 

We love Indian food, and we are both good cooks who can recognize bad cooking mistakes and poor-quality ingredients. We were expecting to get a bunch of dishes that we could enjoy as leftovers for a couple of days after our first meal. Instead, we threw out what was left.  It was terrible.

For a place that is Not Cheap and Not Fast, this is inexcusable. We will never order from here again, and we suggest that you don't throw your money away on this restaurant either.
I'm sure that I only got a half-made chaat. The takeout container just had a single layer of chickpeas and a lemon slice. There was no potato, no onion, no chutney, no spices. Utterly horrible. If I hadn't been a 40 minute walk back to the restaurant I would have returned it. I called to complain and got an offer of a free samosa, but I won't be returning to Indian Restaurant.
based on the most recent reviews, i thought twice before i ordered from this restaurant. however, i was craving indian something fierce and this was the closest restaurant to me.

thank god i didn't heed the previous reviews! i ordered the lamb bhuna and raita online which was super easy. (i always test out the quality of my indian and pakistani restaurants by ordering lamb or goat. both meats can be difficult to cook appropriately, and if it's done right, you can count me as a future customer.)

my lamb was incredible! there were at least 8 or so chunks of perfectly cooked lamb in a rich spicy tomato sauce. it was the perfect amount of heat. my dish came with a huge order of basmati rice and three different accompaniments (a very spicy but delicious 'salsa verde', spiced onions, and i'm guessing tamarind sauce which i didn't use.) i only ate part of the rice with the lamb and used the 'salsa verde' and raita to add another layer of flavor.

based on how quickly my food was ready and the ease by which it was to place my order online, i'll definitely be back. hopefully, the previous reviews were flukes because i want several repeats of today's meal in the near future.

bonus 1: you can put specifications on each thing you order online. por exemple, i'm gluten intolerant and noted that restriction on each of my items. when you check out, you can choose delivery vs pick-up and credit card vs cash. 

bonus 2: 10% discount on my online order
Review is for delivery only. 

The only thing my beloved South Philly is lacking is Indian food! We were excited to find out that Indian Restaurant delivers all the way to south of Snyder. Ordering for delivery can be done online through their website and it is quick and easy, including payment with a credit card.

We ordered mulligatawny, chicken tikka masala, and a Pakistani dish that I can't remember the name of but it is sort of Indian meets chicken pot pie (but with lamb). The mulligatawny was absolutely delicious - I have been searching for a good version of this soup for takeout for years. It reheated very nicely as well. Our dinners were also very good - not the best Indian I've ever had but solid and tasty. Portions are definitely big enough to make into 2 meals, especially if you order soup and naan along with it. 

Delivery took about 40 minutes, which I didn't mind since we are pretty far away. Would definitely order again!
Amazing. Lightning fast delivery with online (nonverbal yay!) ordering. 

Their veggie options are great & authentic. They use an actual tandoor oven & if you ask about it they are more than willing to show you it personally....ovenally. 

The freshest meats that shock even seasoned...meat....people. 

Wonderful hidden gem thats literally named "Indian Restaurant". 

What fun.
Absolutely love this place and so glad it's in our 'hood' ... 

We were a little concerned when we first saw the name of the restaurant (lol) but once we ate there for the first time became huge fans. Love everything I've had there, especially the Poori Bhajee appetizer (fried chick peas with puffy bread) and Vegetable Samosa. Really like their Chicken Tiki Masaa, Chicken Tandori and my all time favorite there is Chicken Dumpakht. My friends have loved their Lamb dishes as well. 
Also, for lunch LOVE their Lunch boxes: you get a little bit of a lot of different items with Naan included. Very satisfying (and Delicious) lunch.

The staff there is wonderful: friendly and attentive. Highly recommend going here for an enjoyable lunch or dinner.
A complete misunderstanding almost had me very dissatisfied with my pickup order. I called, spoke with the manager, told him it was the wrong food, wrong flavors, etc etc. 

Within 20 minutes, the owner brought more food directly to my door, apologized profusely, and explained the difference in the foods I received (butter chicken vs chicken makhani... didn't know there was a difference!) He was extremely courteous, and the food was DELICIOUS. 

That's some good customer service right there.
"ok indian food... they need to serve their speciality (Bengali food)" 

We got to know the owner is Bengali and thought they would offer Bengali cuisines in the menu, but NO. we got disappointed. The server was least bothered in serving us. we ordered Dal tadka/ bhindi/ Kadai paneer and biryani. Except for biryani which was nothing but a mix of chicken curry and rice, all were good in taste.
We asked for malai kabab in starters but he said it will take 15-20 minutes, so we cancelled that. we talked ourselves that he could have said, 10 minutes and tried hard for it, but he flagged his hand in the starting only. and guess what, our food came after 35 minutes.

I even appreciated the food but the server did not even acknowledge my compliment.
and yes service was slow too despite there were hardly 5-6 customers. Overall I would say it was ok..!!
Took my parents here for their low key 45th anniversary dinner.  My father, who does not like Indian food at all and was forced by my mother into eating here rated it "there is nothing here I do not like" which is pretty outstanding.

I have been here before and received terrific service both times.  I wanted three instead of two Samosas for an app and they very helpfully obliged.  The Saag Paneer was literally out of this world.  As in, Indian aliens brought it from their home planet because it was so freakin' good.  The mixed Vegetable Curry and the Aloo Gobi were also delicious and I would definitely get them both again.  We also ordered the Aloo Naan which was not sticky, as it can sometimes be, and really added to our dinner.  They also serve many pieces of papadum as an app for everyone.

Someone, without anyone saying anything, the servers gave us free ice cream like it was an anniversary treat.  It was very cute and special and my parents were very happy.  Which made me happy.  So go and maybe you will be happy too!
Wanted to order food online and have it delivered - at Indian Restaurant, you can have that!

Prices are cheaper than some of the acclaimed Indian restaurants in the area and the food is right on par with them too.  The garlic Naan smelled and tasted heavenly and my Chicken Tikka Masala was delicious.  

Delivery was prompt and friendly.  Will definitely be ordering from Indian Restaurant again.
Pretty big fan of this new joint - their clever name aside. 

Their business is pretty brisk, it was full from the moment I walked in until 20 minutes later when I was waiting for take-out.  Additionally, the ambiance is nice - its a pretty simple Indian restaurant - Indian decor, etc. The menu is pretty vast from a variety of vegi, chicken, seafood, and app options.  I was pretty excited about the naan and aloo saag, and when I went home - I had no sadness. It was SUPER exciting. They gave me a TON of curry, a great big HUGE piece of naan, and a ton of rice. I appreciated all of it. The flavors were great, the food was nearly perfect. Quite frankly, this is probably going to be my new fav indian restaurant in town (no pun intended).  Additionally, the restaurant smelled so good. Everything I saw being brought out smelled greater than the next dish. I can't wait to try it all!
I haven't been to South Street in a few months, so after seeing Cafe Apamate closed and Novito Bistro full, we stumbled upon "Indian Restaurant." Being fans of Indian cuisine (especially places like IndeBlue in Collingswood, and Philly's own Tiffin chain), we were eager to check it out. Unfortunately, we will not be checking it out again any time soon.

The service was awkward and painfully slow (they were about half full (i.e., 6 tables or so) and we weren't in a rush). I would have never guessed that these are not first-time restaurant owners. We had our water filled about 10 minutes after being seated, and had to wait several more for them to open our wine (which we had to pour ourselves). From the time we finally ordered, an hour elapsed before we started to get their attention to check on our order. We finally received our entrees about 1h15min after being seated. 

We had papri chat as an appetizer, which was pretty good. The sauce on the chickpeas was tasty. For an entree, I order chicken tikka masala and my dining partner ordered the fish curry (after having first tried to order the red snapper tandoori and finding out it was replaced with salmon). The tikka masala was bland and weak on the heat. The chicken tasted a bit undercooked as well. The fish curry ended up being salmon as well, and according to my dining partner, it tasted like it was previously frozen. (We overheard the table next to us providing feedback to the waiter about their food: they did not enjoy the shrimp because "it did not taste fresh"). 

Clearing plates from our table was done awkwardly. As I would reach for my glass, I had an arm reaching over mine to remove an empty plate. We flagged down 2 different waiters 3 times to request the check. After we got the check, they brought us rice pudding; while pretty good, it tasted an awful lot like Kozy Shack brand from the supermarket. 

Despite this seemingly harsh review, I really wanted this place to be great. Having just opened, maybe they have to simply work some bugs out to deliver a better dining experience. I look forward to reading future reviews to see if this place improves. In the meantime, I'm anxiously awaiting the opening of the new Tiffin at 777 South Broad.
For starters, it's only called "Indian Restaurant" but it's King of Tandoor all right. The food is really good. We had the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was fantastic. Lots of meat and very tasty.  The naan/onion kulcha is pretty good. 

At the end, the server gifted us with a free rice kheer(pudding) desert which was really good.

Definitely worth trying out for dinner!
My boyfriend and I love to come here for dinner. It's our favorite Indian restaurant in the area! Their Chicken Tikka Makhani is incredible. Great food, great service and friendly staff. BYO which is a plus!
Reasonable Indian fare at average prices. Ever go to places that are not bad but are not so stand out? This is one of them. In fact this may well define that category - they have a generic name and that should be some kind of a karmic choice!

We had the peshawari naan and paneer makhani. We also had a soup (Mulligatawny) and some samosas. None of them were outstanding but at the same time they were not bad. If someone ate Indian food for the first time and they chose this place, they may be surprised at the vague reference to spices (especially the hot ones) in the context of Indian food. Somehow I was not able to identify any of the normal spices I am used to (cinnamon, garlic, pepper, cardomom) in the dishes.

Just a normal Indian restaurant - what any roadside diner would be to burgers and fries.
I REALLY wish I read some Yelp reviews before placing my delivery order from here this past Tuesday. I should have known with the generic name "indian restaurant"... 

So things started off on the wrong foot when the delivery guy lied and told me he was "downstairs". I work near City Hall so he couldn't find parking right in front of the building and I ended up waiting a good 10 minutes for him to find parking and walk over to me to bring me my food. Didn't help that I was actually having an extremely busy day, so I could have used those 10 minutes. I wish he would have just told me when he was ACTUALLY downstairs.

The food was ridiculously bland for indian cuisine - no heat and no flavor. I ordered veggie samosas and saag paneer (what they're supposed to be known for) and both were extremely dissapointing. The only good piece of food I got was the naan. I will say they have large portions, I got about 3 meals out of the serving size -- but the second 2 times I ate the dish I had to add my own spices and sauces to make it better.
This place is awful. We ordered delivery because it was freezing out, didn't have any food in the fridge, didn't feel like walking to the grocery store, thought Indian food sounded good, and didn't want to order from Tiffin or Ekta because we knew it'd be cold by the time it got here. Big mistake. Especially after my previous review in which I vowed to never eat here again.

We ordered lamb karahi, which would have been uneventful if not for the tough pieces of lamb that made the dish just plain bad. The real kicker, though, was the shrimp briyani, which was the most depressing briyani I have ever seen. Rice, 5 pieces of shrimp, peas, and the nastiest looking tomato slice ever. The cashews and golden raisins in the description were nowhere to be found, and the whole dish was fishy tasting.

On the bright side, we called GrubHub to complain, and they gave us a gift certificate. I can certainly say that I'm following my instinct this time and skipping this place for good. The star is for GrubHub's customer service, not the restaurant. The restaurant gets zero stars.
Best Indian Restaurant I've been to in quite a while. Excellent Samosas, Korma, and Nan. Prices are great, especially for Philadelphia. The name is genius, something you will never forget. The menus are well organized and clear as well. Hope to return on several occasions.
Finally an indian place in rittenhouse. And a great one at that! 

I had the lamb korma, which was the most balanced, flavorful korma curry I've ever had. I'll be going back again and again...
We went there for dinner after searching yelp for a good Indian restaurant. We loved it. The interior is not really shiny, but the food is really good and so is the service. The bread is fresh and really yummy. When u go, try the mango lassi (mango juice w/ yogurt drink) it was the best I had in a long time. We'll definitely go back soon, and they have delivery too, which is great.
Nice addition to South St.  Good quality Indian fare at a reasonable price. BYOB. Friendly staff, nice decor. Same owners as King of Tandoor (they need to work on the current generic name for sure). Hope they can expand and add a take-out section-  the constant foot traffic across the dining room to pick up orders was a little annoying.  Overall great new place.
Oh, Indian Restaurant, I wanted to like you soo much, especially as you are literally 3 blocks away! But alas it seems like Philly's Indian restaurant scene will continue to be meh.

For what it is worth I ordered delivery, which was quick enough using the online system.

Here's what we ordered:
Shrimp Karai ($15.95)
Alou Mattar Gobi ($10.95)
Saag Paneer ($10.95)
Veg Samosa ($3.50)
Mixed Tandoori App. ($8.95)

The good: All the dishes were serviceable.  Nothing was absurdly delicious, but all were passable.  

The samosa could have used a touch of salt (but were otherwise good) and the saag paneer, while a little *too* rich for me (I love me some cream, but trust I do not need all of that cream) was very tasty.  There were not enough veggies for me in the Alou Mattar Gobi.  In my wee container there were about 4 smallish chunks of potato and about the same of cauliflower.  Listen man, potatoes are cheap, fill my container up!  The sauce while delicious should have something to cling too.  I seriously debated peeling and cooking a couple more potatoes to drop into the sauce last night, but laziness won out and I just poured it over the extra rice.  For lunch today! How long do you think it will be before the secretaries in the office start complaining? My guess is 10 minutes.

Further, while I'm not a giant shrimp person myself, the husband was in a seafood mood so shrimp it was.  Six medium shrimp should not cost me $16 bucks.  That's crazy talk.  The mixed tandoori meat was a better deal, and if I can't swing the hubs into a complete veggie meal, I would probably order just this on the side of my veggies.  

Additionally, I really missed the heat in my food. While I would order again if an Indian craving hit and I had no plans to be in Central Jersey for a while, I would definitely tell them to make my meals very spicy next time.  

So in short (really!): Mediocre. Passable, but not memorable.  Maybe eating in is better?
PROS: Mango Lassi, Naan, Veg Samosas
CONS: overcooked Chicken Tikka Masala (very dry) and Shrimp Tandoori Masala (pasty); steep price for Indian take-out
Clean, great service, food was pretty good too, and it's byob - it's was a pleasant dinner, going back for sure!
Meh, mostly bland food. Some of the portions are small too. I got a shrimp dish recently and it was a handful of shrimp in a tub of sauce, definitely not enough food to eat for dinner. Also, the last time I got food delivered they brought the wrong order. I was really rooting for this place but they fall short.
Decided to come here with a friend visiting from out of town. Both of us were really impressed with the lamb curry and the chicken biryani. Strong flavors and decent portion size. We went a little crazy with the naan, but well-worth it to pair with the food. We idiotically ordered two orders of it, but one is more than enough. Loved also the crispy flatbread appetizer.
Nothing has changed, still fantastic. Packed with happy diners on a Saturday night. BYOB and enjoy a delectable meal for two for less than $40 before tip. 

PS while I wait here for my takeout, I just received a free creamy Mango Lassi. Mmmmm
This place is great! Service was very good and the staff was super nice. it was my girlfriends first time eating Indian food. We both really enjoyed everything especially the chicken dunkpacht. Will def be back for more!
Have only been here twice for takeout, but very good each time. Tandoori mixed grill expensive ($15) but generous. They threw in pudding and bread with my orders. 

Four stars b/c it's kind of pricey, but a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
Okay.  Ordered take-out from here with a group. 10% off if you pay in cash!  It didn't meet my expectations. The eggplant dish I ordered was too sweet, almost like applesauce, and the taste of eggplant was hard to discern.  The saag wasn't the best either.   Fatty lamb.  The chicken was well-spiced, though.

The ambience was romantic, with table cloths and BYO.  Would be good for a second date, if indian food didn't make your breath reek.
Best Indian food I've ever had. Indian Restaurant has another location on Callowhill, called King of Tandoor. That location is bigger, but both has great decor, wonderful service, and amazing food. I had the chicken tikka masala, kebabs, curry chicken, and a few other dishes before. I would keep coming back if I had the $$$.Their mango lassis are like sips of heaven. 

We got rice pudding and naan on the house several times though. Great place for a date or nice dinner with friends.
We chose this place due to a restaurant.com coupon.  There were 3 of us in total.  The service was quite nice.  The waiter constantly re-filled our glasses of water.  The food was ok.  We ordered 2 appetizers, the Chana Chat and the Bhuija.  The chana Chat was a cold salad but tasty but the Bhuija that is Onion Fritters were horrible.  They were twice fried.  How do I know, the appetizers took latterly 2 minutes to come out.  The fried onion fritters were very dark, almost burnt in color.  The taste left in your mouth was of oil and the fritter itself was slightly warm in temperature.   I would NOT recommend ordering the Chef's Special Vegetable delight.  It has a wonderful description but it is completely opposite of what you receive and an entree.  It consisted of vegetables with no flavor and I asked for medium spice.  This entree consists of mainly fried potatoes as I am aware this is a vegetable, if I wanted fried potatoes I would have went to a burger joint not an Indian restaurant.  They ended our meal with a complimentary dessert of rice pudding which was nice.  After, when the bill arrived is the Scam part, or as I see it to be a scam.
We presented the certificate once the bill was given to us and we were told that this restaurant NEVER signed up for this or had an affiliation with ANY coupons.  So we paid the bill not to make a scene or cause any disturbance.  We were with friends so you can't understand my frustration or my embarrassment since I recommended this place.  The owner/manager that we talked to would not even consider talking about this other than to say this is not our restaurant and this restaurant never had any deals or coupons.   The way I see it, someone owns me for my time, money and embarrassment.  Either this restaurant is scamming to get people in to spend the required $50.00 and NOT accepting this coupon or, restaurant .com has made an error.
Really great food and the service is amazing! I saw an employee of the restaurant off duty and he remembered that I was a customer! Also they gave me free dessert! Made me feel special and I love it! 5/5 I am thinking of coming there again.
I had a good experience at Indian Restaurant.  In the realm of what  I would call standard indian (aka stuff you'd find on a buffet) they do it pretty well.

We began with the chaat which was cool, crispy and tangy as advertised.  The rice wafers provided with it along with the 3 chutneys (cilantro, tamarind, and some chile concoction) were very tasty.

For mains, we went with Lamb Vindaloo and Chicken Tikka Masala (based on others reviews)  I was more a fan of the vindaloo as it had deep spice and flavor and the lamb actually picked up these characteristics.  The CTM was bland to me and as such, I wouldn't get it again.  It's just not a dish that rings with my flavor profile though others seem to enjoy it.

At the end, the owner indicated that they provided a cash discount.  I understand that small businesses have to pay for transaction fees which cuts into their bottom line.  If you're a cash person, you may enjoy this feature.  I opted to pay on card because that's what I brought.

I would come back here for a meal.  Service was prompt and the food did the trick.
Goodluck ordering from this place. Food is mediocre but the customer service is awful. Normally I wouldn't put up such a harsh review but it is important that others know about this. 
I have ordered from this place twice and both the times I had a terrible experience. Staff is rude. They have some serious attitude issues. The delivery guy even left the food at the reception without calling me up or leaving an apt number . 
I don't  trust them anymore after such nasty behavior and rude comments.
I got a great deal through Living Social's new takeout & delivery option (I paid $1 for $10 worth of food) so I went back and forth over whether I should get Thai or Indian (much like Yelper Michelle C - haha).  I finally settled on Indian since 1) I feel like I get Thai way too often and 2) there were so many great reviews for this place that I had to check it out.  

I submitted my order through Living Social for naan and lamb saag and skipped over to pick it up 15 minutes later.  The restaurant decor is as plain as the name of the restaurant, but that doesn't matter to me as long as the food is good.  

I quickly pick up my order and head back home...something inside me was like "well, that was way too easy, something must be wrong."  I looked into my bag and realized that they forgot my naan.  I NEED MY NAAN!  I head back into the restaurant and they apologized about a dozen times and gave me my naan (thank goodness).  No big deal!  I walked home at double pace, excited to dig into this delicious smelling food.  I was not disappointed!  The saag was awesome with just the right amount of spice and lots of tender lamb, while the naan was warm and chewy.  I devoured everything!

I will definitely be going back here in the future!
My favorite Indian establishment in the city. My friend/client and I come here regularly for lunch around 1pm on weekdays, and we are often the only people in the place. Still, the food takes time to come out. I don't see this as a flaw. I see this as proof of freshly prepared food, rather than reheated big batches. Have you ever tried making Indian food? It takes time. Lots of time. 

I suggest that you ask your server to recommend something different. We did this last time, rather than ordering our two default staples: mixed grill and chicken tikka masala. The chicken is so tender, it melts in my mouth--especially the tandoori leg/thigh that comes with the mixed grill! 

There is more to curry than tandoori, tomatoes, spices and cream. Try something with white raisins, or ginger, or eggplant. Get the pashwari naan (my friend swears by it! I am gluten-free, so I just eat the stuffing out of it. Yum.)

The green chutney is the best either of us have ever had, so we always order extra, and they always give us a good supply. I'm sure they know and refer to us as "extra green sauce" (and "two bottles of wine" --it's BYOB) when we walk in. 

Mulligatawny soup--yes, please. I recently tried it somewhere else and I couldn't believe it was the same dish. In fact I am certain there must have been a mistake. 

If what you want is an all-you-can-eat buffet, go somewhere else. If you like lunch combos, a quiet, relaxed atmosphere, good front-window people-watching, and a manaquin wearing a wig and a sari to greet you and bid farewell, come here. Just don't take our favorite table or eat all the green sauce.
Not recommending this place to Indian folks. Chicken biryani is horrible and overly priced. Saag alu and Bhindi masala was flavor less and kheema naan had no kheema in it. When we asked our host to replace the curries at least and he said this is how they make it.
Overpriced, mediocre, and poor customer service.  I have ordered from here a handful of times and 2 of those times they confused whether I was picking up or having it delivered.  I've waited for almost an hour and a half before calling to discover that they screwed up.  No apologies are ever offered.  I won't be back.
We really love the food here, especially the Chicken Khorma. However, the delivery service is really frustrating. We live in a high rise, but recently they've refused to bring the food up to our apartment. I know it's a small complaint, but it's also sort of the point of delivery...the convenience of not having to go outside for delicious food! Having to argue with the delivery guy on the phone, then put on shoes and coats to run downstairs really takes away from the experience. I understand it happening once, but it's been every time recently.

I don't think we'll be ordering delivery again, even though we used to a few times a month. Major shame!
I hadn't been living in the city for long when I heard that Philly lacks good ethnic food, so I was hopeful that maybe this new place could change that. It was by no means the very best Indian- I reserve that title for a little hole-in-the-wall in New Hampshire- I know, of all places for good Indian food, but I digress...

They brought us the pappadum with three very vibrant and tasty dipping sauces/ relishes. So far, we were off to a great start. We ordered the vegetarian samosas for our appetizer, and they were sweet and smoky. I'm used to a potato and pea filling, but the squash (or maybe sweet potato?) and pea filling was a pleasant surprise and contrasted nicely with the crispy exterior and smoky, savory spices. I hate it when samosas are made with a thin, filo-like dough, and these certainly weren't like that, so I was happy. Next, we got the chana masala, saag paneer, and garlic naan, three dishes we more or less use to rate a good Indian restaurant. The naan was fluffy, fresh, and not so greasy, unlike most naans that I have had. The chana masala had good spice and depth of flavor- definitely a repeat. They were generous with the paneer cubes in the saag paneer, and although the spinach base could've had a little more spice (not hot spice, but depth-of-flavor spice), I was glad that my boyfriend and I didn't have to go fishing and fighting for the itty-bitty cheese bits that most (cheap) places hide in their saag paneer. The rice was fragrant, but nothing special other than a good vehicle for the delicious sauces. I was craving something sweet and was glad that they brought us some complimentary rice pudding as we waited for the check.

The service was a tad slow, but you could tell that they are eager to please. We made it out of the restaurant full and happy, vowing that this would be our go-to Indian place when we were craving a something a little more authentic (and cheaper) than Bindi.
Rachel T.  your critique is insular and more about yourself than the food.  Indian restaurants are not all made from the same mold.... dishes vary with the ethnographic and religious associations of the owner and the chef - north indian korma curries tend to be creamy, and delicious - north india is also where the dish originated, not Mumbai ... or 'Bombay' as you say.  The korma i tasted at indian restaurant was great, enveloped in fluffy naan... finish with mango lassi.
On business on Philadelpia and gaev this restaurant a try. 
the service was friendly, helpfull and good. the setting nice although a bid dark. Found parking right in front of the restaurant (have to pay until 8 pm)
Ordered samosa, mango lassie, shrimp tandoori masala and whole wheat roti.
The samosa was not freshly baked, but the taste was good, The mango lassie I give a 7 out of 10. Too much ice in it. ireally liked the shrimp tandoori masala. nice balance between shrimp and spices. The whole wheat roti was baked too long (almost hard). I have eaten way better baked whole wheat roti's in silicon valley.
Total price: $24.95 (cash).
Oveall not bad at all but definitely not the best.
For a while now, our chief food-related complaint about Philadelphia has been the dearth of decent Indian restaurants.  (You know a city's in a bad way when Buffalo, NY is outperforming).  San Samosa is a joke, Minar Palace is too meh for words, Palace at the Ben is too fancy/expensive for what we normally have in mind when we think 'Lamb Vindaloo,' and the stuff over by University City either won't deliver to us or is too far to walk for a curry.  But FINALLY, on March 10th, our prayers were answered -- in the most literal way possible.  INDIAN RESTAURANT opened its doors on the super-convenient 1600 block of South Street.

We've ordered delivery a couple of times, which was always satisfying. The only possible complaint is that they only provide one serving of rice, even if you order two curry dishes.  We finally decided to stop in for dinner after an early-evening pediatrician appointment down the street.  Our daughter adores Indian food, so it was great to be able to take her out to such a kid-friendly place.  That's not to say it's like a Chuck-E-Cheese or anything, but the staff was very friendly and welcoming, and we didn't feel like pariahs for daring to bring our offspring out to a dining establishment.  We went back again, just the two of us, for a late-night dinner-date, and the experience was equally pleasant.

On to the food -- it's great!  Good levels of spice, the meat is high-quality, the na'an is among the best I've had.  All the flavors are authentic, full-bodied, aromatic, and utterly delicious.  The textures are to die for as well.  The kheer is yummy, and the mango lassi delightful.  

Finally, the staff is just great.  It's certainly just our opinion, but we like that they don't hover, but don't ignore you either.  You may need to flag them for the bill at the end, but that's small price to pay for an intimate dining experience.
I have ordered from them several times before and loved their food. That is until today, when I received the most bland, tasteless food I have ever had in my life. What ever brought about this drastic change in their food I sincerely hope is not permanent.
I have been here 3 times and always enjoy it. I usually get the chicken tikka masala dish with the naan and it's delicious! My hubby likes the veggie samosas. Byob is always a plus.
Went here with co-workers for lunch.  And although service was a little slow, we were treated very well and given complimentary appetizers.  The food was excellent and worth the wait.  Not traditionally what one expects from an Indian restaurant but a lot healthier.  Well worth checking out.
I've passed this place on my walk home from work countless times over the past four years and finally decided to stop in last night because I was starving and craving Indian food. It was my first and last visit. One, the man who seated me seemed irritated that I was dining alone and gave me the option to sit next to the door - it wasn't exactly balmy weather, but whatever. I sat at the next table over and was quite chilly throughout dinner. 

I ordered their lentil soup and shrimp curry. Their "lentil" soup was reminiscent of Campbell's tomato soup, slightly dressed up with some additional flavors, a narrow lemon wedge, and a few flecks that must've been lentils. Not appetizing in the least. Fortunately, they provided lentil bread and the accompanying sauces (I always forget what these things are (chutney?). Then they served my main entree, the shrimp curry, which was pretty good, albeit very, very mild. It was good. Not as good as other places I've eaten though. 

They kept my water glass filled, but no one ever asked how my meal was. However, I observed that the couple next to me received much more attention, and the server even asked how their meal was and continued to accommodate them. I was essentially ignored. When I was finished, they cleared my plate and dropped my check. No offer for dessert or tea. Still no one asked how my meal was. So I'm taking the opportunity now to share my feedback.

Interestingly, when I was first seated next to the couple, the woman commented how she had never seen the restaurant so busy. It wasn't full, but they did have a large party of maybe 10 in the back. Like I said, I've walked by countless times over the years and it never looked very busy. Now I know why. Mediocre food. Mediocre service. I won't be back. There are other good Indian restaurants in this city.

(My former go-to Indian restaurant closed a few months ago, so I'm still exploring other options closer to home. I can check this one off the list. But if they want to improve, they should take some lessons from Karma - awesome food, fantastic service!)
It's an Indian Restaurant. The food is delicious. Dining in is delightful. Takeout is terrific. Bring cash.
This restaurant had great food at a very reasonable price. Amazing service to boot. The cuisine was delicious. Also has nice atmosphere a relaxing music. I would highly recommend this friends.
I was beyond excited when I heard the second King of Tandoor was opening in my neighborhood.  I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and my BF got the Motor Panir.  We ordered naan to accompany.  Everything was very flavorful.  I could have used more rice, we only got one portion to split. 

I would give a higher rating but the food caused stomach issues to my BF the next day.  I was fine the next day but the leftovers made my stomach hurt too.  I enjoyed the way everything tasted but something was perhaps not fresh enough, I am guessing the dairy since I ordered chicken and my BF got a vegetarian dish.  I hope they are just ironing out some wrinkles and they'll step it up a little.
I ordered a lassi, waited for 15 Minutes, got a really bad thing. I couldn't take a couple of sips as it was incorrigible. It's not even about the quality of food, but its about the service. I was rushed to order when I just was asking for some time, the server stared at me . The server poured water onto my dress, table and onto my cell phone and didn't even apologize. It's the worst place I've ever eaten.
I love this little Indian restaurant. I visit here at least once a month, if not twice. The ambiance is nice and quiet and i love that it is just simple. I can always count on them to have authentic food. The staff is nice and the prices are decent. This is a byob, so dont forget!
God I love ethnic food - all of my favorite spices come out to play in various dishes, and very boldly too. Indian is a definite favorite of ours, and while I've gotten gosh darn good at making it myself its hard to compete against chefs who grew up eating and then cooking traditional dishes with family recipes. We usually turn to Ekta for Indian food delivery, but when I noticed that Indian Restaurant had opened on South Street I argued for trying it one night instead of waiting an hour for Ekta's delivery. Since my bf was as hungry as I was, and in a worse mood because of it, he agreed and off I ran to pick up food.

The restaurant itself was completely deserted when I walked in, but I was greeted warmly and they only took 15-20 minutes to get my food together. Thank goodness too, because my bf was ready to start gnawing on the furniture. We got Chicken Achari (Chicken cooked with onion, garlic, tomatoes and fresh chili peppers, flavored with pickled spices), Baingan Bhurta (Eggplant roasted in the Tandoor and cooked with green peas, fresh tomatoes, onions, ginger and garlic), and Saag Paneer (Homemade cheese fried and cooked with fresh spinach). I have to say, the food overall was great. Sauces were very flavorful, and the chicken had chunks of moist, white meat. Their garlic naan really hit the spot, too, and we were sopping up every last bit of food with it! I still prefer Ekta, but with Indian Restaurant only a few blocks away it'll be hard to choose to wait for delivery when I can so easily walk over and have dinner in less time than it takes me to cook it myself! However, they might want to reconsider their name - I can't tell you how many times I've tried to talk to people about it only to have them continually ask me what the name of the indian restaurant is. *sigh*
The vegetable korma and garlic naan are outstanding and the saag paneer is ok. 

Good portions and quick service for takeout.
Indian Restaurant is a solid choice for dinner. It's BYO, the prices are reasonable (10% off if you pay in cash) and it's large enough to avoid waiting for a table. 

I went there with a group of four for dinner on a Saturday and it was a perfect way to start the night. Usually, I get the same thing at most Indian spots: Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala, Naan, but this time I decided to try something new and had the Chicken Dumpakht. It was amazing. It's basically a stew of meat and vegetables cooked in a small pot and covered in an awesome dough. It comes to the table looking like a pot pie filled with Indian flavors. Everyone else in my group loved their meals, also. 

For the most part, the service was great. We were seated promptly and the waitstaff checked on us regularly. Cleared our bottles of wine when they were finished, etc. One thing that bummed me out though was that I felt like we were swindled into ordering a $10 Naan basket. We had already ordered two sides of Naan and our waiter made it seem like we were ordering those sides on top of an included bread basket. Other than that though, it was great. The waiter even threw in some complimentary rice pudding!
Portion's very small. 
Vegetable delight had french fries in it.
Chicken tikka had small portion of chicken and large portion of rice.
Paratha at $4 had only one piece.
I'm sure it's the same for a lot of you, but for me, all Indian restaurants are measured up to the gold standard of Ekta (and formerly Tiffen)  on a rating scale of 1-10.  (10 being a rating of Ekta)

This place probably rates a 5 or 6 on the Ekta scale.  The inside is cute and the mannequin at the door is kind of creepy.  The service is attentive and friendly.  The food is ok.  I ordered samosas. They were kind of dry and the filling was not very flavorful.  No mango chutney was served on the side. 

I ordered my favorite Indian entree - matter paneer.  The sauce was kind of flavorless  I could tell before even eating it, by the color, that it was going to be kind of bland.  It was missing the fat component (butter I think?) also.  

The naan was tasty and I was too full to try their lassi.  

In summary, my favorite food is still Ekta and my favorite lassi is still Mood Cafe in U City.
I'm a fan of this place, and its my go-to spot for Indian food these days.  I've eaten in several times, and I've also ordered takeout as well - each time the food had been delicious and the service/delivery is pretty solid.

I especially enjoy the vegetable samosas, the lamb dumpakht, malai kofta, and chicken tikka masala.

With prices from 9-14 for most main dishes, I think the prices are very reasonable and a good value for the quality.
Best Indian in the city! Love the saag paneer but everything I've ordered here has been delicious. Also love that it's byob! Service is quick and friendly servers too :)
I hope they make it, just for the sake of their inspiring name. Unfortunately, the first time we tried them the food wasn't nearly as inspiring. We asked for very spicy, but they obviously didn't believe we could take it. Hopefully they'll improve over time.
I am not sure why this is not five stars on yelp. Went here with my friends last night and it was amazing. Ordered chicken tikka masala and chicken achari both of which were very good!

Service was great as well.

Will definitely be going back.
My boyfriend and I absolutely LOVE this place! We have dined in, and it's our #1 go-to for take out. My favorite Indian place was Ekta when I lived on the mainline, and this place is very comparable - and even a little less pricey. You get heavy portions of very fresh food, and it's always in ready-to-eat, perfect condition when we get take out. And for those other finicky meat eaters- the chicken is ALWAYS flawless white chicken breast (and I'm not one to eat the meat at most restaurants). 
We always get the Chicken Tikka Masala with some extra heat and the garlic naan. Why change a working method? It's just delightful. 
The staff is super friendly and very helpful. The first time we dined in, it was my boyfriends first experience with Indian food, and the staff was kindly enthused to teach him how to properly assemble and eat the dishes. They are wonderful!  And now he is just as obsessed as I am. 
Happy eating!!
Food was very mild.  Tasted many dishes, but nothing stood out.  No traditional Naan either.  Rice pudding was very well seasoned, but other desserts were underwhelming.
I know, people think you're crazy when you invite them to a place called Indian Restaurant. But I want to bring all my friends and family and extended network to Indian Restaurant. I love everything I've ever eaten here and every service experience I've had and even the delivery was good (I thought the naan would be soggy but it was delish!). You really cannot go wrong. The dishes I've tried have the perfect amount of spice and if you're nice (??) they'll give you free kheer at the end of your meal. I think I'm the closest to becoming a regular here than any other center city restaurant at this rate. Just go!
Indian Restaurant is ok. I've had much better in the city and for Rittenhouse area I expected much better! 

The sauces are super flavorful but the naan was the worst I've ever had! Also this chickpea app tasted like burnt hamburgers, very gross. 

The service/take out is really fast. Prices are ok. I'd go back but definitely not for the appetizers. 

Step it up a notch!
