I visited Iron Hill of Chestnut Hill (my first visit to the chain as well) with my mom and son. We were seated promptly on a Monday for an early dinner (5pm). Our waiter was excellent. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and beer selections. I ordered the IPA Jr. and my mom had the raspberry wheat. My son ordered root beer :) All were very good. The food was pretty good with great portion sizes. I recommend the crab cakes. My son's kids menu pizza tasted great as well, quite a few steps above the standard taste of kids menu pizza. All in all 4/5 for Iron Hill as meal prep speed could improve but I will definitely return.
In Chestnut Hill for the 1st time and decided to catch a bite at an ole familiar place that had vegetarian options. Restaurant is moderately full perhaps due to the Clover Market down the street,  football Sunday or just because.

It's been about a year since I've been to an Iron Hill (IH) but for a more mid-scale local chain, it's rather tasty.

Carmen, the waitress was attentive, pleasant, personable and good throughout the meal, I would ask for her on my next visit for sure, if I return. Yet the other occurrences during this visit at this IH, was one clammily after  another that made this visit less than favorable. 

1st another server knocks a glass of water on the table and while he is headed to get something else for the table after he wipes up the water perhaps the Assistant Manager stops him in mid stream for something else.

2nd I go to the open area where the servers where to ask my waitress to get me an 8 oz. beer versus 16 oz. Another male, young balding male was standing closest to me and I said, Excuse me do you mind getting my waiter as I pointed to her. Flippantly, he ignored me and did not. What is it with people being so rude?

3rd and finally, my husbands' order arrives 10-15 minutes before mine because the side was not ready... Huh? What?

I was going to leave without saying anything but asked a young lady who was assisting some other workers, if she was the manager and she replied, Yes. I explained why and how my visit here was the worst out of nay IH's that I visited. She was apologetic and offered me a gift card that was appreciated but the visit soured my desire for wanting to return.
Iron Hill Brewery& Restaurant in Chestnut Hill is kinda like any Iron Hill Brewery near you in the Delaware Valley.  There are some good things here and a bunch of mediocre as well. Let's begin with the good.  The Chestnut Hill Iron Hill is very popular - there's almost always a buzz which is good for Chestnut Hill's night scene.  I, like everyone, love the tables by the windows looking out on the Avenue on a warm evening when the windows are flung wide open,  And they make some great beers - it is a brewpub after all.  My favorite is the award-winning Vienna Red.  Okay maybe I am slightly prejudiced about this but all my friends love it as well! 

What is mediocre?  Too often the food.  I think their dishes work almost formulaically for the clientele eating at an Iron Hill but to me the food is too often on the bland side .... aww just please add some more spice or seasonings!  Portions are slightly smaller than they should be for the prices charged - and if a sauce comes with your meal it may or may not be enough. The Jack Straw Onions were a waste of money - forget them.  They came out soggy and as a result were hard to dip in the horseradish sauce. The nachos also were on the soggy or limp side making them a bit difficult to pick up.  Never again.  Now the Thai Shrimp Lettuce Wraps on the other hand I did like.  They were tasty and the accompanying peanut sauce actually had a hint of spice - yeah!!!  You build the wraps yourself and I didn't overload each piece of lettuce at all but I still ran out of the filling.  Could at least one more tablespoon of the Thai Shrimp filling be added to this best of the foods ordered that evening?

Finally the service is so hit and miss. This past week when we were at Iron Hill, after a 10+ minute wait for a server to acknowledge us, we ordered beers (Vienna Reds of course) and then some food. The food came first to the table .... and we had to ask three additional times for the beers. This is a beer on draught at Iron Hill so it shouldn't take all that much time to be served. 

I'll go back to Iron Hill Brewery again - one reason because it is so close (I can walk to it), but I'm not going to become a regular!
Do not come here without a reservation!

Have not tried the food yet because according to the hostess, we were to be seated here about 45 minutes ago.

Update: we were finally seated, and blood sugar has finally stabilized.  Homicidal thoughts towards the hostess have subsided.  Had a deliciously juicy burger and everything was right with the world again.  Mom had a "small" salad (it was HUMONGOUS) that she loved.

Rant: I worked as a hostess in college.  For self-preservation purposes, I regularly gave customers quite conservative wait times (estimating a longer wait, rather than a shorter one ... folks are obviously ecstatic to be seated "early" when the table opens up ahead of the quoted time frame).  The hostess here did exactly the opposite: first, she told us a table would be ready in 25 minutes (so Mom and I went for a walk through the charming town); we came back after 25 minutes and were told it would be another 10 minutes.  Then another 15.  We were not ultimately seated until nearly 1.5 hours after we originally came in ... that is pathetic in itself, but the way the hostess managed the situation was the worst!  She was also an eye roller, which only aggravated my feelings of animosity towards her.  If you don't KNOW how long the wait will be (and let's be honest, it's sometimes impossible to tell!), give me a big old ridiculous number of minutes (like 100) so my expectations are managed and I am happy to be seated WHENEVER (or, if I am starving, I can go somewhere else ...).  And for heaven's sake, do not sigh and roll your eyes when I come up to check on the status ... this is the service industry, woman!  Go stuff envelopes or enter some data if you don't want to deal with [hungry] people!
After a few mediocre dining experiences, we're ready to nix Iron Hill for good. Perhaps revisit sometime for beer, since the selection is decent (although they sometimes taste unfinished - the flavor doesn't carry all the way through like it should). 

Prices are high and portions are small. The menu is rather extensive. IH presents itself as a local restaurant offering seasonal and creative fare, but delivers like a TGI Fridays where you know all the food just got tossed in the freezer after unloading the Sysco truck. Restaurants that offer seasonal and creative fare tend to be small - because you can deliver the product when you're small. IH doesn't deliver. A $27 filet entree should have more than a handful of baby carrots, a 6-bite portion of meat and a couple spoonfuls of mashed potatoes. The voodoo shrimp appetizer tasted fine but for the price of rice you'd think they'd offer more than a tablespoon's worth for a dish with an incredibly spicy sauce...come on. All of my food tasted particularly salty. Oh and the wings - never cooked well.  

Overall, nothing stands out about this place. After this last $90 mistake (filet entree, chicken sandwich, cup of soup, voodoo shrimp app and 4 small beers), no more dinners at Iron Hill for us.
Ordinarily, I don't even write reviews for places like this as the answer seems so obvious: This is a chain restaurant with a decent veneer of an Independent place. Consistent, menu-wide, 25% overcharge for small portions of mediocre food and service ranging from meh to poor. It's a fake-out! 

I've been here three times in the past year. The first visit was to test the above judgement and ensure that this location is the same as the Media and Wilmington locations, and that I was correct in my decision to quit going here... it's been a few years and time heals all wounds. Indeed, I was! My subsequent visits have been out of 1) desperation and 2) at the request of others. One could list a positive of Iron Hill as "their expansive menu has something for everyone." However, as is often the case with expansive menus, most of it is flawed either in conception or execution. 

After three visits, each worse than the one before it: I yelp!

Every visit, something from the kitchen comes out with the most obvious degree of pre-measured-every-plate-across-our-twenty-locations-is-the-exact-same-STINGINESS. A flatbread with such sparse toppings it can only be by design that there are six hunks of butternut squash and 4 small dollops of cheese. Nachos, barely dotted with black beans - BLACK BEANS - the most inexpensive item one can think of, and Iron Hill skimps on them. It's just so blatant and at their price points, a hilarious joke on their patrons. I simply cannot understand how people think Iron Hill is something good or special. 

My latest visit was the Monday before Christmas for lunch. We had no reservation and, upon arrival at 1:30 ish, were told half-hour wait. The way this places lacks *hospitality* is kind of astounding. I was really turned off by the ageist, condescending, impatient manner in which the hostess attained my mother-in-law's cell number and said there were no buzzers for tables - *said*, not *explained* or even feigned interest in making sure MIL understood how she would be notified. Worse still was her constant, loud, conversation with her fellow front-of-house staff about how much she didn't want to be at work, which carried on as my party of three sat, waiting, in clear sight of three empty booths that needed busing for over ten minutes.

After being seated in a booth toward the back of the restaurant (amen b/c it's loud AF in there) our waiter stopped by to put on a long, drawn-out, theatrical and bizarre welcome. THIS after we'd been waiting for 40 minutes through the above-mentioned crap? I literally was just thinking WATER WATER WATER and nearly interrupted him. Again: lack of hospitality and common sense. Astounding. My previous visits were the same: no check-ins, no water refills, no one cares! 
 
In the end, I was surprised by how much I enjoyed my salmon salad, but went out of my way to order something cold and hard to screw up. I would have enjoyed it less if I had to pay the $17.50 it costs for such a small serving instead of my ever-generous SIL picking up the tab. Likewise $12.70 for meh serving of nachos (with no meat!) that our server didn't pick up were an appetizer, didn't care to double check and ask, and jammed on us along with our entrees. Cheesesteak eggrolls that are $8 at every.other.bar.ever. will costs you $12+ at Iron Hill. Dry sliders. 

There is nothing redemptive about Iron Hill in Chestnut Hill or anywhere else. It is what it is: two stars.
Ordered an Old Fashioned and the pimento cheeseburger. Both were amazing. I was surprised with our service and food tonight.
I came here with friends because one of them had a gift card, but we will never be coming back.

The beer was good but the food was ABYSMAL. We ordered the nachos, 3 pizzas, mushroom soup, and the pulled pork sandwich. The mushroom soup looked and tasted like prison gruel. The pizzas were worse than any frozen pizza I've ever had. It would be generous to say that they tasted like cardboard. I didn't try any of the pulled pork so I can't speak about it.

Overall the atmosphere of Iron Hill wasn't as nice as I expected. It's a family-heavy restaurant, so most tables had small children. Not an issue by any means but also not what one would expect at a brewery!

If you want a good time with adult friends and edible food, choose another place. Even with the gift card this restaurant wasn't worth anywhere near what we spent.
I'll always enjoy Iron Hill's beer...they brew something for everyone and it's usually quite good.

I bring you this important update: they have removed ALL the Signature Egg Rolls from their menu except for the cheesesteak ones! These were my absolute favorites to come and enjoy with a beer.

The past two times I'd been, I thought the food quality was actually not that good, especially for the price. The menu is huge and impressive...sounding. Not tasting. Big problem!

Iron Hill used to be part of our not-cooking-dinner-tonight rotation, but it has since been removed. We are still looking for our Chestnut Hill go-to!
While Iron Hill is in a cool part of town and is relatively comfortable feeling inside, the overall experience was not terrific; at or below average.

*Atmosphere*: relatively warm and inviting, lots of warm woods and colors, nothing fancy or major, but nice. I rate atmosphere 7 out of 10.

*Service*: Not great. It took almost an hour to get our food after we ordered, and there were only 8 of us. Yes, an hour. The manager approached us after about 40 minutes and said he told the cook to "get back in the kitchen". Excuse me, why wasn't the cook in the kitchen?? He took care of us in the end by doing absolutely nothing, no comp, no consideration, no apology, nothing. Our server disappeared for a good 20 minutes while we were waiting for our food, so getting drinks was painful, I had to ask a hostess to send our server over. She was also not attentive whatsoever even after we received our food. I rate service a 3 on a 10 point scale.

*Food*: The food itself was average but had other issues. After waiting for an hour to receive it, several items arrived with significant issues. The quinoa salad with chicken was delivered chicken-less. A small, dried-out piece of luke-warm chicken was delivered plain on a side-plate several minutes later so we could cut it up and add it, not great in any way. The same exact quinoa salad delivered to the person next to the first one was missing several ingredients, simply forgotten. The manager didn't seem to think this was a big deal, no apology, they simply brought missing ingredients in small bowls several minutes later for us to add. Again, not great service or quality of food or presentation or, well, anything. Portion sizes were on the small side. Prices were quite high for what you get. I rate the food a 3.5 on a 10 point scale.

*Overall*: I had intended to give this restaurant 3 stars, but after recalling and documenting our experience and rating each category individually as I do, the reality is this restaurant earned and deserves 2 stars. Even without the overwhelming issues in service and food, I'd still only rate this restaurant 3 stars.

Would I go back? No, not by choice and not without extenuating circumstances forcing me to. Would I recommend you try it? No, unless you are looking for an exceptionally average experience with the probability of it falling well below that.
It's a four star review so in gonna start off with my complaint... 

Every time I go here I attempt to make a reservation and they rarely have any good times available. Yet, when I get there and they tell me it's a 30 minute wait, there are plenty of unoccupied tables. 

I have always negated my reservation by staking out the bar area which is first come first serve. I'm not a fan of this act but the restaurant makes it necessary. 

Beer: awesome selection, something for everyone, they offer flights for the indecisive. 

Food: the egg rolls are awesome. This particular time I got the south philly egg rolls which had roast pork, sharp provolone and broccoli rabe. They would give tony Luke a run for his money. 

I followed up the egg rolls with shrimp soft tacos. I didn't realize when I ordered that they were shrimp tacos, as opposed to fish tacos, but it was a welcome surprise because the shrimp was delicious. 

Service was good, quickly clearing the table I staked out after the previous guest left. They checked back frequently and knew all the answers to the menu. 

My wife and mother enjoyed their meals too. (Salmon and steak) 

Will certainly return, just wish they'd sort out the table/reservation situation.
I really enjoy this restaurant so I've been back a handful of times.  I always like the atmosphere and food in this cozy setting.  The lighting is dim and the decor is bold, with dark steel accents around the windows and chandeliers.  It is the perfect fit for a date night or relaxed evening with some friends.   

I would describe the menu options as more upscale bar food; with unique appetizers and flavorful burgers.  The appetizers are probably my favorite here because they have such interesting combinations.  I usually split a few with whoever I am with to get a taste of a few of the small plates.  On my last visit, I tried the fried goat cheese, cheesesteak egg rolls, bruschetta, and bacon wrapped scallops.  The cheese had a strawberry jam, caramelized onions, and balsamic glaze over the top.  I will definitely order this again and again!
Iron Hill Brewery may be popular for the locals, but this establishment represents the epitome of a chain restaurant, overworked and understaffed (and sometimes apathetic) waiters with voluminous but really empty menu and overpriced food options. Looking at most of the yelp reviews, I only got a salmon salad and watched the rest of my colleagues slowly pick at their overdressed salads and oil-infused, overly glistening burgers buns before resorting to washing down their meals with glasses of beer. The most unsettling part was that we were the first customers to arrive, right as the restaurant opened, yet they rarely talked to us, gave us refills of water, and completely ignored our request for group photos (which I am still peeved about).

I'm sure that once the evening comes and more people show up, Iron Hill Brewery can become lively and entertaining, but it's not where I would go for a culinary adventure.

Food: 2 stars
Service: 1 star
Ambiance: 2 stars
Price: 2 stars
You just can't go wrong. Bring your family, grandparents (could get a little loud but they have various seating), coworkers, a first date, doesn't matter! It's just that kind of restaurant. Everyone is guaranteed to have some good food and a good experience. There's something for everyone. Good music and the staff, oh the staff really helps solidify the ambiance. They're amazing and attentive even when it's super busy.
You must get the fried goat cheese!  I was expecting it to be multiple little balls of cheese to dip in a sauce, but it turned out to be 1 square of fried cheese with the sauce drizzled and smothered on the plate. 

This is a cool place with good food. I think it's a little overpriced for the quantity of food you get, but a fun place to go with friends.
Based on their beer alone, I'd absolutely make a trip back to Iron Hill. They offer tasty brews, and this location is primo, with lots of great shops and local eats nearby. This was the variety in their beer selection was awesome, with some nice refreshing, light choices for the summer. Their pre-picked flights are only $6, and I had a decent buzz after sipping on my four little pours. If you're ordering one beer at a time, you can choose from about 3-4 different sizes. I like having that option.

I came here on a gloomy Saturday afternoon and snagged free parking in a residential area one block over. There was plenty of metered street parking, but it's mostly a 2 hour time limit. The vibe inside was nicer, less industrial, than I expected. It felt kinda like a nice-ish steak house -- you get me? My friend and I sat at the bar and indulged in some World Cup action in between conversations. It was surprisingly busy at the bar given the day and time, but I made friends with a man sitting next to me who turned out to be a Yelp Elite! 

Service was okay. There was only one bartender when we arrived, and he was nice, but clearly overwhelmed with the volume of people. I don't blame him.
Iron hill in Chestnut Hill is a great spot for happy hour, brunch, lunch and dinner.  We like the menu that is pretty large and most everything we have tried so far is excellent.  Service is very good and they are knowledgable about the menu.  Good bar/wine and especially beer selection.  Parking is fairly easy, and location is awesome.
Iron Hill has been a solid addition to Chestnut Hill. Good service, nice establishment and very clean. I enjoy going there. For the food, for what it is, it can be a little expensive but it is usually good.

A few pointers from this Vegan:

-Always get the sweet potato fries which are great and not the regular fries which are run of the mill.

-The red quinoa salad is a good starter.

-The black bean burger and portobello mushroom sandwich are good options but be sure to specify that you want them vegan and what ingredients you want them to hold.
The mood for a veggie burger strikes me fairly often. When a restaurant makes their own veggie burger, I make it a point to try it out. I was in another veggie burger mood last night, so I ventured to Iron Hill in Chestnut Hill with a plan to try their black bean burger. I was very impressed with their take on the classic meal.

Even though I asked to hold both the jack cheese and the garlic aioli, I didn't feel like I missed out on flavor. The burger was made from black beans, sweet potatoes and assorted vegetables and it was very tasty and incredibly filling. I do wish they had a vegan aioli option, but honestly I didn't miss the sauce. I decided to pay a few extra bucks to swap out regular fries for the hand cut sweet potato fries. The fries were decadent, delicious, gigantic and crazy filling. I regretted splitting an appetizer because I was a bit too full after the meal. However, the fresh homemade guacamole was delightful. The slightly stale, boring tortilla chips it was served with weren't great. That was my one complaint about an otherwise terrific meal. I even had a sip of my husbands G Town Coffee Brown Ale, which tasted more like a porter to me and was just plain delicious.

A couple of notes on the location and ambiance. There is a parking lot behind the restaurant which is shared with the Weaver's Way crowd and is free, if you can't find a spot on the street. They open the windows on a nice night which makes it feel like you're dining outside when you're not really. The cell phone service in Chestnut Hill is generally abysmal, but Iron Hill has a free strong WiFi service which I connected to on my phone so I could check in on Yelp.
I've gone here a few times the food is good nothing to rant and rave about but it's. Clean and tasty it's a little pricey unless you go on happy hour times not my first place to go for dinner but I would go back for happy hour they do have a great beer list and great wine list
Incredibly disappointing attempt at brunch. Will not return. 
Brunch- chicken and waffles. Poached eggs cooked all the way through, hard and crispy chicken and  undercooked, doughy waffles. 
Turkey Burger- advertised with avocado. Barely a scent on the bun, like they swiped a thin layer on the bun to check the box. Lazy. 
Southwest salad- Advertises avocado. Received an embarrassingly small amount. 
This stinginess and laziness on the part of the cooking staff makes it seem like they're having to cut back on resources to preserve profit.
This is our go-to local spot on the hill.OK, it's a bit institutional but they manage to pull off the consistency thing pretty well for a really bustling eatery.Help is always pleasant and the food/drink dependable.
A group of friends and I came here for happy hour and all of us had three drinks or fewer. We were louder and enjoying ourselves, but were a long way from drunk. The manager came out and shared he wouldn't be able to serve any additional drinks. I've been to this exact location before and have had more than four times the number of drinks served tonight. If you're looking for a BAR and for a good HAPPY HOUR experience, please avoid. I'll definitely be influencing my network to avoid this location.
I have gone here quite a few times. It's a favorite of my mothers when she comes into town. We love the fact that it's interior is clean and beautiful, low key but classy. They always have great drinks. Even though neither of us are beer drinkers their cocktail and wine lists are pretty great. 

They always are pretty on point with wines that they recommend to me. The food there is wonderful. I've had their burgers, pizza my favorite thing though are their cheesesteak egg rolls. Pretty greasy but perfectly delicious. As a Rhode Island transplant I think it's hilarious to see fried Rhode Island calamari on the menu. I have never ordered it. Maybe one day. 


This is just a nice place to go and chill. I love coming here. It was also pretty great during the now defunct Harry Potter festival. They decorated it with letters and keys. Brilliant.
Not what it used to be. We have lived in CH for 3 1/2 years now and have been coming here pretty regularly (2-3 times per month). The menu keeps shrinking, the portions keep getting smaller, the specials have been vanishing, and the prices keep going up. Despite all of this we have kept coming back because we love it so much.

We have been mug club members since we first started coming. One of the perks of being a mug club member used to be that you get upgraded to a mug sized beer with a beer purchase. We have always taken advantage of this perk. Our last visit we were told only one person could upgrade to the mug unless both people at the table were members. 3 1/2 years of visits and this was the first time I had ever heard this. I think this is the straw that broke the camel's back for us and we're done visiting. It's feeling very corporate and cheap which I can't get behind.. especially when CH has so many independent businesses worth patronage.

We love the staff here and the food is consistent but these are the only positives I can give this restaurant at the moment.
As residents of CH, my hubby and I have been to IH many times...the last few times the food hasn't been that good...beer and wine selection is notable but if you have to pair it with substandard fare, what's the point of eating there?

We gave it one more try and decided on a late afternoon "nosh" cheese plate. Ugh...how disappointing. We kept wondering how can you "mess up" a cheese plate? 

For starters while the cheese selection sounded interesting on the menu, what we got was a very small sampling of very mediocre cheese. The bread was pretty much Wonder Bread in texture that was shaped like a bagette.  The presentation was bland and stark...white cheese on a white plate with white bread...

This was the last straw for us.  If we ever decide to revisit this place, it will be for the beer and wine...eating there is a "no-no." 

And, by the way, if IH wants to see how a cheese plate is done, they should check out Dettera's in Ambler. Incredible wine selection and amazing cheese/presentation. 

Sorry to leave the Hill for a nosh but it's well worth the trip...
Happened to come here on my birthday, which turned out to be pretty low key this year as it was just the three of us. It was a Friday and thankfully we had a reservation, otherwise we probably would have been SOL getting a table, but as it was we scored a nice booth within a couple of minutes of arriving. Service was okay, although I secretly (now not-so-secretly) wish our server would have acknowledged that it was my birthday when the boyfriend brought it up. 

I had the salmon and it was nothing special, and the sweet potato fries had zero crunch. Tried a few different new beers and they were all decent. May go back on a day when my expectations are lower.
Great service.  Ordered the Garcia pizza and added chicken. The pizza looked beautiful but void of any flavor. So disappointed.   Came here on a recommendation but will not be coming back
Very nice atmosphere, high ceilings, fantastic lighting and decor. Played fun upbeat music, the severs are all very nice. Great bear selection, my favorite draft beer is the house IPA, ORE. Goat/Artichoke Cheese Dip is fresh, creamy and memorable. Known for their pizza so I couldn't resist, the Garcia Pizza( perfect). Also ordered the Fish N Chips (delicious).
We have been going to Iron Hill at many locations in the Philly area since we moved here a decade ago. We have always enjoyed their high quality beer and delicious food. On our last visit, which will likely be our last visit, we found a new (recently introduced) menu that removed all but one, the least appealing (falafel burger) vegetarian entree from the menu.  While Iron Hill never had what one would call a vegetarian-friendly menu, there was a least some choice, including a Mediterranean wrap and a couple of pizzas to choose from in the past.  It didn't help when the waitress informed us that there are several options with seafood, indicating she had no idea what a vegetarian eats. The message was clear to us, we have no interest in customers who are vegetarian.
Iron Hill is a small tri-state chain that prides itself on its beer selection and "new American" cuisine. It's got a hometown-meets-urban-pub vibe and has made a solid presence in the region over the past 20 or so years. They usually seem to pop up and thrive in DINK'y, middle-middle to upper-middle class, and corporate-HQ-rich areas.

The one I visited was in Chestnut Hill. We came for a business lunch and were promptly seated by a cheerful hostess near the window then given menus. I ordered the Grilled North Atlantic Salmon Salad and my lunch partner got a bowl of the Kennett Square Mushroom Soup. 

The soup came in a large bowl with some really lovely bread which was fluffy and sparingly dotted with flaked salt, a nice touch. The soup itself was absolutely dreamy, albeit incredibly thick and butter/cream rich (I found out later that it is 348 calories a bowl, 248 of those  coming from fat as per the website). Still, it was an amazingly delicious, flavorful and earthly dish with a great umami quality to it. 

My salad was just OK. There were at least 3 cups of arugula on it, which seemed to be a bit disproportionate to the 4-5oz filet of salmon that sat atop it, but the salmon was cooked perfectly so there are no complaints from me there. The flavors were a nice combination (kalamata olives, grilled red and yellow peppers, red onions, tomatoes, mushrooms, feta cheese, and crispy matchstick potatoes) though I would have liked to see more peppers. I got vinegar and olive oil on the side so I can't comment on the dressing. Overall it was a good, hearty meal of a salad.

Unfortunately our server was rather slow and every time we needed her we had to physically get up and look for her. We were eating at the height of lunch service, but the crowd wasn't particularly bursting at the seams so I'm uncertain about the cause for the lack of attentiveness. Whatever, every one has a bad day. 

All in all, this place is a solid choice for lunch, and I'd gladly return for dinner. Moreover, I'm happy that Iron Hill Brewery includes nutritional information on their site, and have included a link here in case anyone needs info on the fly:

http://www.ironhillbrewery.com/pdfs/IHB-Nutritional_11-12.pdf
Large pub style restaurant, with bar area and dining space in the back. Four TVs, high tables, and booth seating in the bar area, friendly atmosphere.
Came here for a quick dinner, ordered the nachos and had the burger on top of the iceberg lettuce salad, delicious! 
The adjacent table was a party of St. Patrick's Day revelers dressed up in green hats and lots of bling. Everyone had their eyes glued to the TV for the last Villanova game, a loud roar of sadness swept the crowd when Villanova lost. A fun atmosphere.
Great location on Germantown Avenue, in the heart of Chestnut Hill, easy to get a last minute table without a reservation.
Honestly a bit disappointing. The beer selection was definitely worth going for. I am a huge fan of flights, and their $6 flight for 4 samples is definitely worth it. We were underwhelmed with our food choices- our meals were bland and honestly not worth the price.

Would go back, but just for drinks. Very beautiful restaurant, and the placemats with the explanation of how the brewing process works are really neat.
Had a business lunch meeting here recently and was very pleased with the food and service. It was a late lunch, so they had plenty of room for us, and it was very quiet, comfortable (the dining area is quite spacious, the tables commodious, which was good as we were able to spread out some papers), and well-lighted. Our server, Gabby, was very attentive, not that we needed much attention. My dining partner had the BLT, which he reported was excellent, as was the cream mushroom soup. I can personally endorse the falafel burger, which is just that - chick pea burger on a thin, pita-like bread. Very tasty sauce, but it's a bit of a messy thing to eat, and resort to a fork and knife might be necessary for many diners. Side salad was very fresh. I was pleased that the coffee was surprisingly good, something I wasn't expecting. The beer list looked excellent. My only complaint is that they're a bit thin on the vegetarian options. Will be back!
I really enjoyed my meal here - good casual dining. We had a couple of drinks before sitting down for dinner. Friendly staff behind the bar and waiting tables. The beer was good and I appreciated the suggested pairings on the menu. We went on a relatively quiet Friday night and we made reservations so I can't agree with some of the reviews that say it's crowded and noisy! It had a large bar, so I'd expect some noise! We had two appetizers and two entrees and we left full and happy.
A life saver on Memorial Day 2020, without almost 3/4's of Chestnut Hill's businesses shut down either for the day, temporarily, or permanently. The takeout burger was cooked just right. The fries were a little overly salty for my taste, but otherwise high marks. Will definitely repeat on my next trip.
Stopped in here for a late dinner and night cap after a day of exploring Chestnut Hill area. They have added some four tops outside, surrounded by pretty string lights, for additional seating. Sadly, this area was full so we got a table inside. Their inside seating is quite large with tables in the front area by the bar as well as 2-3 smaller seating areas towards the back with booths and more privacy (and quieter). We sat up front in the action.

Iron Hill Brewery has a full bar as well as their own brews. I went for a cocktail, but my husband got their Hazy IPA and liked it. They have a large food menu that greatly extends beyond traditional bar food options. However, our food experiences were mixed. The Chicken Wings appetizer which our friend got with Korean barbeque sauce (can also do Buffalo), were awesome. I got to try one and the spice level was high, which I liked but was too much for my husband. Their look was inviting and taste very satisfying. Wish I had ordered these just for myself. 

Unfortunately, my Brewski Burger with Gouda (lettuce, tomato, bacon, sauteed mushrooms, choice of cheese on potato roll) left much to be desired. It was just really bland and way over cooked. I asked for medium and it was closer to well done. The bacon wasn't crispy, ice rug lettuce floppy, and the cheese not really even melted. I didn't even bother to eat it all. I will say their fries were nice and crispy, so they were all consumed. 

My husband got the Baja-Style Fish Tacos  
(Vienna Red Lager-battered haddock, red cabbage slaw, pickled onion, pico de gallo, chipotle aioli, cilantro) based on the waiter's recommendation, and was not disappointed. I tried a bite, and again had "I wish I got what they ordered" syndrome.

My other friend got the Fried Chicken Sandwich (bread and butter pickles, IPA sriracha ranch, potato roll). She said she orders this regularly, so I guess it satisfies. The chicken looked nice and crispy, but too me it needed more toppings. 

Our waiter was personable, but his service was up and down as the place was busy. As some of their food was real good, may have been an off night with mine which happens. Overall, still enjoyable place.
We just went fora drink.  I think this place is great! You'll always win me over by letting me try your beers before I decide on one. This is exactly what Iron Hill did. I thought I wanted the Oatmeal Stout, because you can honestly never go wrong with that beer, but after a taste of the Pig Iron Porter I realized I was wrong.  The service was excellent, the bathroom very clean. I could see this as an excellent first date type place in Chestnut Hill. Very classy and it seems consistent.  The families with children were refreshing and having lived in the city for so long and when the children run around the restaurant it's more cute than annoying.  I'll totally go back every time the seasonal beer changes!
Great happy hour. Awesome Beer! 

I used to live near here so I came here often. I recently came here with my old coworkers for happy hour. What people don't know about this place is THERE IS A PARKING LOT BEHIND THE RESTAURANT. So you get free parking and don't have to worry about parallel parking on the street and feeding the meter.

Iron Hill has this thing where they change their menu every couple months and I was happy to see that all my favorite menus were still there. I wanted to order wings but I thought about having wings at a different location and I didn't want the same thing to happen and not come back to this location either. So we basically ordered everything off the happy hour menu which was 7 dollars per plate, which is not bad at all with the portion. I love that they give beer samples here because you can keep drinking the sample and not order an actual beer...JK but you can try a sample of a beer without committing to a big glass that you never finish. I tried their Christmas beer (Christmas in July haha) and it was good but I always go back to my all time favorite, the Vienna Red. 

If your in Chestnut Hill area and want to have happy hour, check out Iron Hill!
Very pleased! It is a pleasure every time I come in here. *It is busy on a daily basis so call ahead, if you can.* You can sample beers & ciders (cider is my bizz)-- all locally brewed. The happy hour deals are cool and worth the dollars.

Please stop into this Chestnut Hill gem!! You'll be very happy that you did.
Iron hill brewery is an old time favorite place of mine when I come back home. I was really craving the mussels from here so I wanted to stop back in for old times sake. I haven't this was this first time being there since being over 21 so I was happy that I could try a cocktail. The margarita is quite tasty so I would 100% recommend. I also loveeeeeee the brussel sprouts nice and crispy with sprinkled parm on top just the way I like . Sadly my teenage days were crushed because they changed the recipe of the broth for the mussels!!!!! It used to be the perfect thin and flavorful broth with the crispy bread to dip. Now the broth is a thicker and has a slight lack of flavor than before. Bring back the old broth!!!!!
This is a nice big restaurant that never makes you wait too long for seating even when they are busy.

The beer selection is extensive and well priced, with a large variety of styles.  All are good representations of their styles, and staff are knowledgeable about the beers and can make suggestions if you aren't sure what you'd like to try.

Food is good, not great, but the menu is large, portions are generous, and the prices are accessible.

I often meet here with some friends and their young kids when we need a gown-up lunch spot that also accommodates the little ones.
Mandatory point deduction for the server failing to bring back my credit card. Sorry about that, but that's one of those things I have on my Unforgiveable Sins of Restaurant Management categories.

The beer's a decent selection (although please train up the staff to be a little more knowledgeable about them - I had to get a recommendation from the next table over) and the food is tasty. I enjoyed my roasted cauliflower appetizer quite a bit and my burger OK. 

Ambiance is noisy but aided by high ceilings, which are hard to come by, and judging by the number of parties with smaller kids, relatively kid-friendly for a brewpub-style joint. Fun outing, if maybe just a tetch pricey for the fare.
I want to start off saying I love love love the atmosphere of this place. The aesthetic is just so cozy and nice. But maybe I just haven't had a great experience because I've gone during a busy weekend?
Anyways, I came here my friend and I were seated outside and the server was nowhere to be found. I would have to walk inside the restaurant often to have somebody come out. This was for everything, to order, to pay, etc.
 We eventually ordered our food but there was a pretty long wait for two burgers (I think this was mostly due to the high volume of customers.) I like to think I'm not a very picky eater and I really don't want to bash the restaurant but after I ordered a burger that took so long to come out to us, and was supposed to be cooked to "medium" should not have had raw uncooked hamburger in the center of it.
I had to track down a server and let them know and they apologized and went to go put in another order. That was fine, but by the time my burger came out, she was done with her meal and I had just begin to start mine. Needless to say it did not make for a very pleasant dining experience when we were taking turns watching each other eat.
I don't mean to sound snooty but if a customer has raw meat in the center of their hamburger and the service was exceptionally slow and unattentive for that day, I feel like as a business they should've focused a little more on trying to make the customer a little more happy?
I did enjoy the sweet potato fries, but honestly that first experience kind of ruined it for me a little and I don't know if I can bring myself to go back a second time.
Mediocre food at a mediocre chain, except this is the fourth iron hill I've been to and has the worst service. I've been a server myself and something here is super disorgsnized. After we sat, no one gave us menus for 20 minutes. Finally after someone came and took our order, another server came 2 minutes later and handed us menus again. We asked for water, and she came with 3 for the 4 of us. 

Your basic place when you want a basic hangout.
Last night, I went to Iron Hill Brewery in Chestnut Hill to meet a friend for dinner.  Given that it was a Friday night, I made a reservation.  I'm glad I had the forethought to do this, otherwise the wait would have been an hour!  Since we had a reservation, my friend and I were seated promptly.  Our server got us drinks right away and was attentive and pleasant the whole evening.

However, that's the only positive thing I can say about the experience.  We were seated in a tiny "half-booth" (alongside a wall of giant beer vats) that is barely big enough for one person - let alone two!  The half-booth was on the path leading to the kitchen resulting in an enormous amount of traffic as servers walked back and forth to the kitchen.  An already loud restaurant was made even more so with all of the noise from the kitchen.  (A door separating the kitchen from the dining room would help with this tremendously.)

As I've said, the restaurant extremely loud!  The noise of the bar area is to be expected.  Yet, between the noise from the bar area and the noise from the kitchen, I could barely hear my friend talk even though he was sitting directly across from me!

I ordered the pan roasted chicken breasts and a cup of the mushroom soup for my dinner.  The soup was perfectly delightful until I got about halfway though my serving.  A cup of soup that had appropriately hot suddenly turned into a raging inferno!  The unexpected heat burned my throat and more than 14 hours later, my tongue is still smarting from being burned.  The pan roasted chicken breasts entree sounded and looked much better than it actually was.  The smashed potatoes, chicken and thyme pan jus were all much too salty!  Yet, the asparagus spears tasted as if they had no seasoning at all.  The dish had absolutely no balance of flavor!

Last night was the third time I'd been to Iron Hill Brewery.  My first two experiences were perfectly fine.  This last experience was not.  Given how many other places there are to eat at in Chestnut Hill, I will have to think long and hard before going back to Iron Hill Brewery.
Well it's relatively cheap and seats were plentiful. Fortunately, they are located in Chestnut Hill where from a service perspective there really isn't much competition. We were sitting at the bar having dinner and watching SNL 40 year celebration. One of the bartenders came over and asked if he could switch the channel to a sporting event. We expressed that we were enjoying watching what we were watching to which he stated that the bar is only allowed to show sporting events. I asked him why then had the television been on this show for the past hour. He tossed the remote aside in disgust and walked away. Check out their ratings for food service on the city's website for the office of food protection. They are not known for cleanliness. I doubt this establishment would make in center city.
At last night's dinner--a Saturday--there were really good things and some that were not so good. It seemed pretty clear to me they're still working things out. 

First, we were meeting friends and had made a reservation and requested a table in the back. Despite them having a 90 minute wait, we were seated very promptly and exactly where we expected. Service was prompt, too, which was another plus. 

The not-so-great part had a lot to do with the food. Their house salad had large chunks of red onion and a lot of it. Since it's really a chop salad, the onion was hard to avoid, and strangely, it was bigger than everything else in the salad. My partner ordered tuna, cooked rare. When it arrived, it wasn't rare at all. It was very well done. Their response to this was great--taking care of it immediately and double-checking to be sure the second tuna was cooked properly. I give them a LOT of props for that. 

I had mussels and fries. The fries tasted good but were sort of limp. The mussels were perfectly cooked, but the sauce wasn't good at all. It was a bland cream sauce that had a bitter aftertaste. I picked out the mussels and left all the sauce behind. Our friends both had steak: one yes and one "meh." 

On our check, we were overcharged about $35. Again, the staff took care of it promptly and apologetically, but I was glad I double-checked. 

They're off to a little bit of a bumpy start, esp with the food, but their staff and service were shining, despite the fact that they had a packed house. We'll go back, because the restaurant is a tremendous asset to the area.
I had a beer tasting which was excellent. The waitress knew so much about the drinks and taught me a lot. The food left something to be desired, though. I ordered French onion soup and it wasn't great. The cheese wasn't the best quality. The cheesesteak egg rolls I also got were a bit dry.
I will keep this short and sweet. FYI I despise all these 4 paragraph reviews in which people feel the need to tell you what they were thinking before they went, what they where wearing, and if they're fat or not. Who cares just tell me about the restaurant before it closes!!!! 

Anywho......Iron hill is nice and chill, their beer is delicious i enjoy the beirner weissel (probably misspelled) but you'll be able to find it on the menu. It taste like beer wine. The cheesesteak eegrolls are crispy and delicious as are the sweet potato fries, but beware they are cut like steak fries and they fill an entire dinner plate.  Also note,  the steakhouse salad has absolutely positively NO STEAK in it. I ordered it on my first visit and when it came I thought I was crazy, the waiter apologized for not warning me and I ordered a side of steak.  We got complementary cake for my friends bday and overall had a great time.
I have been here, as well as other Iron Hill Breweries, many times and am even a mug club member.  I was seated during the Eagles game today.  I had just started to drink a beer which I had just ordered and was waiting to order food when a hostess came up to me and told me that my table was now reserved for someone else, and she place a reserved sign on my table.  Now, this was in the open seating area of the restaurant near the bar.  She said that I'll have to find a seat somewhere else.  I asked if anything else was available and was told I'd have to find it myself.  I looked around, and there were no open seats.  She said that she was told by management to take the table and that she was "doing someone else's dirty work."  She asked if I wanted to talk to a manager.  I said, "Yes."  I stood there in disbelief for several minutes and no one came.  Even the patrons at the adjacent table were taken aback and said that they've never seen anything like that before.  My server came by, unaware of what had transpired, and tried his best to smooth things over.  I was too disgusted by the way in which I was treated to stay any longer after having been humiliated in front of the diners around me.  This was shameful treatment of a regular customer and left me with a very bitter taste in my mouth towards this brewery.
My friend and I decided to head to Chestnut Hill for dinner. I was craving a burger, so we chose Iron Hill Brewery. I had never been to this particular location, but I have been to other Iron Hills (Center City; Media, Pa; Voorhees, NJ). I was impressed with how large the inside was. From the street view, you may think this is a quaint little pub. One of the nice aspects of Iron Hill is that they have the ability to open up the entire front of the restaurant to the outside. So even if you are sitting indoors, you can enjoy the outside breeze. Our waiter, Jay, was very attentive and informative. My friend needs Gluten-free options, so he informed us there are gluten-free buns and a side salad can be substituted for their fries. I tried the Pub burger and it was delicious. I ordered the sweet potato fries on the side. Their sweet potato fries are like steak fries, which I was not expecting, but they were still yummy. I was surprised to see the Yelp reviews were very mixed. We had a very pleasant experience and I was happy with the social distancing and safety protocols.
I Recently(two days) visited Iron Hill Brewery. There food is absolutely great. The bread really sucked me in...I always request Parmesan cheese and olive oil for dipping. The softeness of the bread is breathtaking. 

For my entree I got the voodoo Chicken pizza which could feed 2 people. It's filled with flavor a little spicy from the sauce.i love spicy so that was good for me. The prices can vary most items are prices accordingly with the food market. Appetizers range from 9$ to 15$ and entrees 15$ to 30$. I highly recommend this place for a nice dinner for the family or two. The beer deserves it's own review. My last two visits I've had the seasonal Belgian ale, Coco Loco. It's an heavy 8.9% and well worth the 6.95$! Cards are always accepted and a full bar is always available.
I was at this location of IHB for a rehearsal dinner recently, and it turned out to be a pretty decent spot for the event! 

The groom's family arranged a special deal for unlimited appetizers for two hours, and we paired this with a few pitchers of IHB's special brews. The beef brisket flatbread, mushroom pizzas, blue crab quesadillas, and hot and spicy wings all had a great unique taste and appearance - and really suited the occasion. Those who were vegetarians or had dietary restrictions were also satisfied with the options they had for the meal. 

When we arrived for the scheduled event, we were told we had to wait a bit to get the tables together - so we sat around 15-20 minutes after we had planned. Once seated, the service was pretty good, though we could've used some water refills and other small amenities that weren't offered immediately. 

I am a fan of the wide variety (and generous free samples) of the IHB house-crafted beers, and I know I'll be back again to sample some new ones in the near future.
My boyfriend and I came for dinner after an afternoon exploring the area. Originally, he was drawn by the root beer floats, but we'd gotten ice cream earlier, so no dessert. We sat in the restaurant area. The whole place was dimly lit. The hostess was friendly and made conversation with us, and the waiter was nice as well though we were left for a while waiting to order and again for the check. Nobody even passed by, but it was fine.

I ordered the vegetable penne and my boyfriend got the seafood pot pie. We were served some bread that was pretty good. The food was okay, nothing more. I wish my pasta had much more vegetables and much less sauce. The crust part of the pot pie was just a circle of dough laid atop the seafood, and it wasn't that good. The filling was too creamy for my taste. We both had enough left over for lunch the next day (then again, we'd just had ice cream).

All in all, it was a nice restaurant with friendly people, but the food wasn't that great.
I've gone here a number of times since I wrote my last update. This last time, we waited 40 minutes for our entrees, and when they finally came out, the entire order was wrong. 

Luckily the manager was able to rectify the situation. The food was good, and Iron Hill continues to be a good place to sink back, eat and enjoy conversations. 

I'll go back, but there are things I'd like to see improved.
Soooo . . . Quite a disappointing (understatement) visit to Iron Hill last night. Beer was good. We don't mind paying good money for a good meal. 4 diners and $215 later, and I think I'm done with Iron Hill. While our service was outstanding (thank you Derek) The nacho appetizer contained barely any cheese. The Little Neck clam and scallops were unacceptable due to 2 of the clams not opening (there were only 10 to the order, so 2 was a lot) and so much salt as to render it inedible. 2 of us ordered salmon, smashed fingerlings and asparagus ($18 each), but the salmon portions were only 4 ounces each. Plus THE SALT! It ruined the dish, although I forced myself to eat it. Our dining companions were satisfied with their burgers, but again super overpriced. Was looking forward to a break on this Saturday night, but food was beyond subpar, and way overpriced. Spend your money elsewhere!
Meh.

Had brunch yesterday.   Fantastically expensive looking on the inside in a sort of suburban mall way.  

Eggs Benedict:  a dish I long for done correctly.  Meh.

Dessicated corn muffin and overly sweet fruit salad to start (complimentary) - tasted like the fruit wasn't ripe so they just dumped sugar on it.  

Bloody Mary:  a salt lick with no alternative.

Water was clear.

Waitress was terrific.

Meh.

I guess what I am saying is, if you want to eat in mid-range hotel lobby in an ex-urban sort of atmosphere and food doesn't matter then this is the place.  HUGE beer selection.  I guess thats good.
went again, the hostess has a nasty attitude and should NOT be the first person who greets customers.
our server was delightful! and our food was fun, festive and yummy (oktoberfest).
Normally I'd give Iron Hill 4 or 5 stars, but the quality has been slipping the last few times we've been here.

We used to get the Jaegerschnitzel and it was pounded out and thin. Tonight it was just 2 blocks of pork. Flavors were fine, but it was very dry. Ended up dipping it in some truffle aioli we had from our fries.
I was deciding between a rating of 2 or 3 and went with a 2 because I think the chances of the issues I had being addressed will be greater with a lower rating.

My wife and I went there last night with both sets of our parents.  We are huge fans of Ironhill and were excited that they opened up a location relatively close to us.  Judging from the business they were doing, Chestnull Hill was a great choice.  This is the fourth Ironhill location we've visited (Maple Shade, West Chester, and Media being the others).  Regrettably, it was our least positive experience at an Ironhill and I think this particular location has been open long enough at this point for me to be critical of them.

Our server (Fred) was excellent, and the atmosphere and beer were good as usual.  The major gripe I had was the food.  Frankly, the quality was unacceptable, especially compared to other locations.  I started w/ the french onion soap which was quite good, but my meatloaf entree was hospital food quality.  My wife got the pulled pork and there was so much liquid in the pork, it had completely soaked her bun such that she couldn't eat it with her hands and had to ask for a new bun.  My mom order the seafood stew and while there were no complaints, the portion size IMO was 1/3-1/2 of what I would have expected.

With any chain, consistency is very important, and the food quality at Ironhill CH just isn't up to par.  As a fan of Ironhill and also because Chestnull Hill is the closest location to us, I really hope improvements are made.
The service is average, but the food is amazing and the beer was delicious and very cheap!

Can't remember which beer I got but it was $6 for 22oz I think, cheap and good. 

I got the mushroom soup which was creamy and warm. It comes with this soft bread that has Rosemary in it I think, perfect combo. I also got the fried chicken entree. I never get chicken out, but cravings took over and my server said it was good. IT WAS GREAT. Hot, moist, crispy! I've been thinking about this meal all night lol, can't wait to go back.
Would do 3.5 if I could. Service was great. Beers are good. I really enjoyed the double wit Belgian seasonal. The honey sriracha chicken appetizer was amazing. I'm hindsight I would have ordered these just for myself. Just enough breading and not too sweet. Sweet potato fries are always good. Regular fries are thin - not my preference, but good if you like a fast food style fry. The burgers were just ok. The Zeus burger was a little dry and needed some more of the feta aioli. We'll come back for the beers and the honey sriracha chicken.
Better have a reservation and better check it twice.  We had a table of ten reserved and when we verified it the day of the dinner it wasn't there. The manager promised to make accommodations for us but when we (all 10 of us) got there we were asked to wait in the bar area and hope for a table - along with about 25 other people who were waiting and hoping as well.  Receptionist/hostess was useless. Manager tried but it was so crowded he could not do better.  We left. Probably won't go back. First impression was not a good one. Never even got to the food
Iron Hill distinguishes itself from other Chestnut Hill restaurants with its large dining room/bar area and its Happy Hour specials. The on-site brewery turns out beers that are mostly good, with the occasional outstanding beer along with the occasional disaster. They also have a 2-Pizzas-and-a-Growler special that is the best value on the hill. The menu features several vegetarian-friendly options. None of their fare is to die for, but the menu is loaded with quality options at decent prices, and the happy hour and ever-changing beer selection keep me coming back.
I'm pleased that Iron Hill has popped up in Chestnut Hill to provide some contrast to all of the smaller, independent shops and restaurants in the area. The block the the brewery occupies was looking especially vacant and I much prefer Iron Hill to the likes of Chili's or Houlihan's. 

However, it is a chain and attracts everyone from couples out for date night to young families to older couples to groups of friends. My point? The place gets crowded quickly and you're bound to wait or duke it out for one of the high top bar tables. The bar tables actually turn over fairly quickly and I've never ended up waiting more than 10-15 minutes. I have never really seen the rest of the property because we stick to the high tops as the wait has usually been about an hour on a Thursday-Saturday night. The atmosphere is lively and your boyfriend, brother, or dad will appreciate whatever game is on if they are inclined to avoid small-talk. 

The beer selection is good and rotates depending on the season to include standard favorites and unique flavors like the Oompa Loompa Chocolate Stout. If you can't decide, get a flight of beers to taste. The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive. They are also actually very knowledgeable about each brew and certainly equipped to help you find your favorite selection. 

Their food is good and the portions substantial. They serve standard "pub fare" from pizza and nachos to pastas, burgers, steaks, and seafood. I wouldn't say they really do anyone thing extremely well, but fish and chips will certainly help sop up all that beer you're downing. I wouldn't consider Iron Hill a destination but certainly a place to keep in the rotation for casual weekend dining when you just don't want to order in another pizza.
With such close proximity to our house, we come here pretty often. Service can be slow, but the beer is worth it. The Oompa Loompa Stout is stellar and the Porter is drool-worthy. It's also nice to be able to get the sampler if you're not in the mood to commit. The sweet potato fries are the best I've ever had, and the burger is worth mentioning, even though it's a higher price than I'd like to pay. I've never eaten at the tables in the back, because we always stick with the seat yourself section up front. It seems more fun that way. Kids do fine here (at least mine does), but I wouldn't recommend bringing toddlers or babies younger than that as it can get rather crowded and loud. Great addition to the Hill!
Sad, went to Iron Hill to watch Philadelphia Union play and bartender told me that somebody wanted to watch Yankees. So all TV's played Yankee game in Phila.  Reconsidering going back again and I go there every week.
After searching far and wide for a restaurant that was open on Memorial Day, we stumbled on Iron Hill.  We had been wanting to eat here since it opened and were excited to finally try it out.

The dining room and bar area was packed, but we quickly found a high top in the "seat yourself" area.  

The beer/drinks and food menu are both expansive.  The beers are always excellent and varied.  The food menu includes all your standards(bar apps, burgers and salads) and some very delicious sounding entrees.

We went with the Goat Cheese and Artichoke Dip for an appetizer. They didn't skimp on the pita, which is a restaurant pet peeve of ours.  For our entrees we both ordered large salads.  The Salmon salad was well put together with just enough heavy ingrediants.  The mesculan salad was light and full of delicious pistachios and dried cherries.

Altogether an excellent meal.
Beer.
The right kind of beer.
Food.
The right kind of food.
Service.
The right kind of service.
It amazes me that I found a place like this that I love to this degree.  There are plenty of decent restaurants in the Chestnut Hill/ Mt. Airy/ Manayunk regions.... but man I love this place.
The Vienna Red Lager is my stand by at this point but there are A LOT of good beers.
The right kinds of beers.
The food is impeccable.  Somewhat surprising for a brewery.  Not that brewery's don't sometimes have delicious treats... but full menus, most of the items being a wonderland to the palate.
It is a bit pricey... but man, is it worth it.
In a world full of greasy dives that just don't deliver that old world charm of warmth and good service... this place astounds me.
Go here if you haven't been yet.
Go back if you have.
Iron Hill just open a new place in Chestnut Hill and this review may reflect opening problems since I like most of their other location. Went to the new location with a group of 6 people. None of them were thrilled. The entre (Seafood Pie) was ordered by 3 of us and it was okay but nothing stellar. For an appetizer I had the French Onion Soup which again was just okay. The service at our table was good as our waitress was experienced, but the table right next to us waited for 30 minutes to order. When the appetizers came, only half of the table got theirs and at least one order was wrong.  They waited another 30 minutes to get their entres, and again part of the order was missing. Fortunately the people at that table had more patience than I have, because they stayed. Again this could be just opening jitters. Hope so!!!
We decided to go here for dinner. It was busy as expected at 7 pm but we got in without waiting. I ordered the red Vienna lager and it was great. I recommend it. As an appetizer we ordered the wings and they were good as well. Not too spicy and paired well with my beer. For my meal I had the burger with French fries. It was perfectly cooked and fresh. The fries were good as well. 
   For the atmosphere I would say it is nice. Very casual but you could easily get away with dressing up. Plenty of tvs and places to sit. A nice bar as well and if you are there for a drink I would highly recommend a spot at the bar.
Normally I am a huge fan. This particular evening I ordered some buffalo wings, clam chowder and a kids meal for my 6 year old. The wings tasted old and rubbery like the chicken was old. Not crisp and tangy like they usually are. My daughters meal with tolerable until she found a hair in her ice cream (short black hair) hers is very long and curly. 

Needless to say we paid the bill and left. I should have reported it but I was so disgusted I just wanted to get out.

Hopefully this was just an off day but I haven't been back since.
A warm, inviting, lively and upbeat piece of the Iron Hill Brewery on Germantown Ave in adorable Chestnut Hill.

This is the only Iron Hill I have been to. I hadn't bothered until I moved out of Center City, because I assumed it would only be okay.

The food makes up a huge menu and is consistently of a good quality, as is the beer. I am a little in love with any and all of their Signature Egg Rolls...mostly the South Philly ones (roast pork, broccoli rabe).

The beer is priced nicely and they've definitely got something for everyone! Some of the food is a little pricey for what you're getting, but it isn't ridiculous.

Service tends to vary depending on whether you're seated in the bar (seat yourself) or in the dining room. Both have table service, neither of which are necessarily bad. There is a difference in the attentiveness of service, with the dining room seating being the better choice if that sort of thing gets to you.

This is a place I'd take my parents to if they're in town. Average clientele are not 20-somethings. Very nice atmosphere and I always enjoy myself here!
I love iron hill. the food is always good and the rotating beer selection has something for (almost) everyone. the chestnut hill location usually has a better selection of beer and the brewer seems really into big hoppy beers. 

the only thing that varies as far as quality is the wait staff. I recommend sitting in the bar area, if you can find a table. the people who serve that area are usually more on the ball. not to damn all of those who serve the seated tables but it's hit or miss.
The emperor has no clothes, you guys. The food here is fine, but probably a bit overpriced for the quality. The beer was very disappointing. We should have known when one of the beers on the sampler tray was a "craft" light beer that this is more a place for upper middle class fifty-somethings to feel hip than a place for craft beer lovers. We planned to start with the sampler and then order a pint of our favorite. We didn't like any beer enough to drink a whole pint and left about half of the 4 oz samples unfinished. If you like beer, go somewhere else, if you don't like beer, why would you go here? 2 stars for tasteful decor.
This place is beautifully decorated with delicious food. 

My only complaint is the hot toddy I ordered, which came requiring me to mix together with oddly portioned amounts of honey, hot water and whisky shot. I'd rather the bartender have mixed it for me. The staff was otherwise very prompt and friendly with their service at the bar. My boyfriend loved their beers.
I like many reviewers have been to a few other Iron Hill locations.  I know what to expect and like what they offer.  The North Wales location is our usual where my wife, son and I go for a family dinner.

The Chestnut Hill location is hughe and the place was packed.  Unfortunately the service was a big disapointment and the food was not at the usual Iron Hill level.  For the first time my wife did not finish the mesculum salad.  It was a bit salty.  I ordered a pizza - garlic, sundried tomato and spinach.  I requested red pepper for the pizza and ended up getting it myself.  By the time I started eating the pizza was a bit cold.

The beer?  Great as usual but they took forever for a refil.  One of my guests ordered a pulled pork sandwich and requested no sauce... it was served with the sauce...

The manager apologized and gave each one of us a $10 gift card for our next visit.  We are going to make sure we use them.. probably at the North Wales location.

I am sure they will get it together soon enough.
Good large place for the local crowd to visit. I didn't even know this place opened until 2weeks ago when I was just strolling by. It's spacious inside which is good. I made reservations because it looked crowded when I had strolled by. 
I was seated promptly. The weather was nice outside so they opened up the large front doors/gate..so this is going to be a good thing for the summer. 

The food was also delish. I had an item on the specials menu so it's not offered daily , it was a seafood dish. The drinks were okay. I can't recall what I had, but the only complaint I had about it was that my glass wasn't filled all the way up.

Not complaints about the service. Would def come back.
I had lunch last thursday and take out beer.
I ordered cheesesteak egg rolls. It was ok. I really liked the beer I had. Definitely I'll back for the beer.
Suburban "chain" feel to the place.  Food was fine but nothing special.  Do yourself a favor and head to Earth Brewery down in Mount Airy.
This is a pretty new and nice Iron Hill location to hang out at. As you probably know, IH is a small local chain, and they have locations around the city and in DE. The Chestnut Hill location is relatively new and is cavernous, with tons of seating available. 

The beer here is decent. I regret to say that I have evolved (devolved?) into a nigh-intolerable beer snob, so I can't say that the beers here are my favorite, but they are not bad by any measure. They usually have a nice range on tap, of both seasonals and standard brews for you to choose from. I wouldn't come here looking for the beer, but you won't be disappointed either if you do. 

In terms of food, I recommend the sweet potato fries, which are delicious and come with three awesome dipping sauces. These are probably my fav thing on the menu. I also like the pizza/flatbreads here. The plain and the one with the Kennett Square mushrooms are both good. I came here for the St. Patrick's Day brunch too, and wasn't crazy about their brunch. Would pass on brunch here. 

All in all, IH is a good pick for drinks and snacks.
Spacious and comfortable. Attentive wait staff, lots to choose from on menu. Our party of 8 was very pleased with everything ! Great food, great prices. We're going again!!
Come here on the reg with friends to get in house beers and nachos. Once in a while get actual food, but the nachos are so huge we are usually full after that and two or three beers. All the waitstaff I've had here was decent, one guy was awesome but unfortunately I can't remember his name. Will continue to come here, love the Chestnut Hill area as a whole.
Always good food, service and beer, but the new interior design in Media totally destroyed the overall ambiance - all to add 50 new seats. Never saw a bar facing a long wall, and such bright lights. The place now reminds me of a German beer hall.  Big mistake.
Living in West Mt. Airy doesn't have a lot of food options so I regular take the trip to Iron Hill Brewery.
Being a regular here is a lot of fun because the bar team is great. Leigh is the nicest and most pleasant bar tender in the world. Love the Chicken Pot Pie and the salads with salmon! The beer is great and the atmosphere is very pleasant!
Well-made beers that are highly drinkable and designed, I assume, to be inoffensive to a certain segment of the population that knows it should not be drinking Heineken. 

Lousy nachos. I counted the black beans on the last batch (yes, though they're lousy I've ordered them more than once)---18 beans, plus a few that were discovered later under the bottom chips.

Whatever I had last time was delicious, whatever it was. 

This place raises the question again of the mystery of "atmosphere"---there's just something about this Iron Hill that makes me want to keep coming back, although neither the beer nor the food themselves are big draws. Something about the light, maybe...

Really, it's a fine spot for refreshment in the middle of a Chestnut Hill excursion.
Went for lunch, ordered a turkey burger with avocado.  It was delicious, but was a bit pricey (just under $14) just for the burger.  Ended up spending over $20 on lunch, but it was delicious.  

This isn't a lunch place for a penny pincher like myself.  The food is great, but is priced a bit high.
My friends and I have been a few times and it's a good place to go for special occasions or nice night out. The atmosphere and menu look creative/impressive. They even have a gluten-free selections which is nice. The waitstaff is pleasant and attentive. The food is always well cooked and delicious. There are just 2 issues that keep me from giving them 5 stars. First is that they always make you wait to be seated even if the place is empty. Yes, they are popular and can be packed on occasion, but not always. Yet, the hosts always claim they are busy and there are no open tables. Then you get seated and there is no one else there. If this is an attempt to make the restaurant look busy, it has backfired because now we won't spontaneously go if we haven't planned/called ahead first. Second issue is a somewhat common one for a lot of restaurants these days trying to look more upscale than what they are: bait-and-switch. For example, they will describe a dish with a bunch of fancy sounding ingredients like wild exotic mushrooms, but then it comes out with just basic grocery store variety button mushrooms. The seafood section is usually the worst offender. Everyone takes a little creative license with their descriptions, but it's a major disappointment when you realize you're getting the same quality ingredients as an all-you-can-eat buffet, but paying 5x the price for it.
The beer is of course the best asset of Iron Hill Brewery.  It is all brewed by Iron Hill, so it is fresh and refreshing (although I must admit that 2 porters at a seating is my limit).  Our waiter was friendly and mostly attentive (he had multiple tables, and they all seemed to be seated around the same time). 

The food was only so-so.  2 of the 3 diners had burgers, and one was undercooked (it was order medium well and came in medium rare).  However, the quality of the meat was so good that the diner decided not to send it back.  The 3rd diner had a house salad (it was a decent size) and the chili shrimp.  The salad was bland (they only offer a house dressing), and the gorgonzola and pancetta in the salad were cut into such small pieces that their flavors were barely perceptable.  The shrimps were good, but for the price I would have expected either more shrimp or larger shrimp.

It is a good idea to make reservations.  A party of 3 arrived just before us, and they were told they would have to wait 25 minutes for a table.  Since we had reservations we were taken immediately to our table.
Iron Hill brewery is a great place if you are a foodie and a beer snob. Delicious on both sides, it is a very relax and chill place, but at the same time a very up and coming place. If you enjoy great craft beers and amazing food, than this is the place for you
Firstly, this place is super welcoming and the atmosphere is very relaxed and inviting. Our waitress, Jaime, was very bubbly and accommodating, and even though it was her first night she was able to answer my questions and offer spot on suggestions. she suggested the pig iron porter, and at i ordered it along with my two apps to share with my bf and an entree. half way through, i decided i like wine better with dinner, and she was able to change my order no problem. 

The apps were AMAZING, my entree was good, I had the beef medallions with parsnip mash. At the end of my meal, i decided to get the beer our waitress had suggested, and when i tried it, it truly was delicious!!! I wish I had a bought a growler of it!!! 

boyf says: went here for dinner on our first night in philly. the fairly expansive menu had me flabbergasted at first, but the atmosphere was relaxing enough, so i settled in. decided to go with the fried goat cheese accompanied by red onion jam, arugula & lemon dressing, to start. fine choice. goat cheese was fresh and mild, while the red onion jam and arugula mini-salad beneath it, were perfect compliments. then we moved on to the tempura asparagus stalks with horseradish cream dip. asparagus was crispy, tempura batter was not too thick, just adding a little extra crunch, and the horseradish cream was tasty without being overpowering. would eat again. for my main, i went with the hawaiian spiced ahi tuna (which came with smashed potatoes, some veggies, a wasabi vinaigrette and thai chili sauce). this was superb. the tuna steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare and is probably the best i have had in at-least 4 years. as a born and bred nyc'er who has spent much time in traditional sushi places, along with upscale seafood and japanese fusion joints, that says a lot. the potatoes, veggies and accompanying sauces definitely elevated the dish as well. in addition, i sampled some of the girlf's pan-seared beef medallions. some of the most tender meat i have ever had the pleasure of eating.

as far as their house-brewed beer goes, i had their berliner weisse, which was eminently refreshing and not too tart. tried their saison as well, and it was delightfully bright for the style. also sampled some of my girlfriend's pig iron porter, which sported a surprisingly bitter-spiced after taste, that was more than welcome in my mouth.

our server was pleasant, cheery, helpful and pretty darn quick ta'boot. overall, i'd give this place 4.75 stars, deducting a quarter star for the, imho, difficult-to-navigate menu. everything else was perfect though.
For a drink and to watch the Phillies game, I can walk here from my house, there is always seating if you are quick on your feet, the menu is huge so there's something for everyone, my friend really likes their beer, the food isn't bad, pretty good atmosphere, and good for a frist date.
I came here for dinner with friends, and it was not a great experience.  

Parking was a hassle, which is by no means a fault of the restaurant, but it was annoying to have to circle around the area for about 15 minutes before we got lucky with an open space in the small parking lot in the back. 

The food was terrible. Our pizzas looked and tasted like a cheap frozen pizza we would buy at the grocery store. The nachos we split as a table were bland. My friend said her pulled pork sandwich was dry and didn't even finish it. Definitely overpriced and not worth it.

I do have to say, the beer was good. They had a nice selection of seasonal and standard beers, and we were able to get a few samples to try them out before we ordered. I thought it was reasonably priced, too. 

Come for drinks, but not for a meal.
Food is okay, but 6.75 for a pint of beer is uncalled for, especially when your beers are not even ranked in the top 20 on BA.
The quality of the food here has increasingly declined over the past several years. I won't come here for dinner again. Party of 6 came for dinner at 8:00pm on a Sunday. Crab cakes were lackluster, forgot truffle oil on the soup, "meh" Mediterranean wrap, honestly unappetizing chicken pot pie, and cold soggy french fries.
Our server was very nice and attentive, and the beer was good as always, but I cant seem to understand why the quality of the food keeps getting worse and worse. Perhaps a smaller, less complicated menu?
We liked Iron Hill Brewery a lot - we enjoyed a couple of really tasty pizzas and an excellent chocolate dessert. The beer is the star of the show here, though, and we liked everything we had - I think the porter was my favorite. They have a deal for two pizzas and a growler fill for 25 dollars - we will definitely be taking advantage of that next time.
The food was on par with a TGI Fridays.  My crab cakes were so salty that I couldn't finish them (and I usually LOVE extra salt).  The wings were standard, and the black bean soup was actually pretty good!  

Seems like one of those places where everything is bought premade and frozen.  The menu is also HUGE, which is usually another sign that items are frozen.  

Service was good and the space was large and comfortable, but I probably wouldn't go back.
Thrilled that an Iron Hill opened here! I had been to one in Delaware and loved it. Overall I was very happy with my visit, especially our server Madelyne, who was great (bringing fresh glasses of water with fresh lemon slices is the kind of detail that scores huge points with me...she even gave us tips on other places to go in the neighborhood). The ahi tuna tataki and the artichoke goat cheese dip were great; the beet salad (which I ordered as an entree) was just ok. My date ordered the salmon burger which came very rare, but they took it back without question and the manager came over and gave him a new one and a beer on the house. I will definitely be back.
Saturday night was my third and final time at this establishment. I attended a large birthday dinner for a family member. The young lady who took our drink order was attentive and pleasant. The guy who ended up being our server was horrible! He never cleared the table of the appetizers plates, which we were sharing, he never gave us the small appetizers plates to eat from so we used our napkins. Then he disappeared. Once the food came, he never came back to check and find out to see if it was cooked satisfactorily. I ended up walking the dirty dishes to the kitchen area and handing them to a cook because the waitstaff was no where to be found. I went to the server station myself to retrieve more napkins, I had a toddler with me. #1 Rule when serving a party with a small child, napkins, napkins, napkins! Never offered a refill on our drinks. I asked for a box and he brought the check. My mother wanted to order dessert, I told her not to. He never even asked if he could get us anything else just brought the bill. I never mentioned that I was ready to pay. Burger was tasty but a little over priced. We paid about 100$ for 4 burgers, ice teas and 2 apps. I wouldn't gripe about the price if the service had been kinda ok...it wasn't!
