With just a short walk away front our hotel we decided to give these guys a try , once seated we started with some beer, I had a Pale ale not bad hubby had an IPA good as well. 
Appetizers we tried the Philly cheese steak egg rolls , yumm these were very tasty also tried the Jerk Shrimp , good as well has quite the spicy kick to it. 
Main dishes I had the Steak salad this was very good , decent steak nice taste good salad & dressing hubby had a Burger w Fries .. burger was good as well. 
Not a lot seems to be open late in the area these guys were good over all , big place , service was good & prices were reasonable we enjoyed our meal.
It's not often I visit a brewery before noon. I mean most places won't even open until that time...unless said brewery doubles as a full-fledged restaurant which is in the name here at Iron Hill Brewery. My buddies and I visited this Philly brew spot back in late July to culminate a final day of bachelor weekend festivities for our soon-to-be-married chum.

So like I said, despite the restaurant aspect at Iron Hill, we were only here for beer. No food was consumed which means my review should be taken with a grain of salt (or sip of beer if we want to stay on the suds topic). Though while you mention sips, these were some relatively tasty ones. 

Let's take one step back as we legitimately strolled into the spacious Iron Hill Brewery (& Restaurant) just as the doors first opened. We were given a nice high top table in the bar area with a waiter who was super friendly and explained each and every beer we drank. He also threw in an extra taster for us all of his favorite for anyone who didn't order it. Nice.

Back to the beer, a flight was the way to go in really getting to try a large portion of what Iron Hill had to offer. With more than a dozen brews available, the styles and choices were aplenty. An $8 flight for four was also fist-bump-worthy. A rockin' way to start.

So why not five stars? Honestly some beers were good, and some were just okay. I mean the Brambleberry farmhouse ale was legit and the Rocket Popz sour was quality (and blue in color!), but the others were mostly forgettable in flavor (sorry Dunkel, Porter, and Kolsch). Don't get me wrong, these beers weren't bad and with the brews available of types I didn't try, I could definitely see a return trip here.

Overall, Iron Hill Brewery & Restaurant is a great location in the heart of Downtown Philadelphia. They have a nice space and friendly service with respectable beer options, some stronger in quality than others. I'd love to come back to drink up more of their menu and perhaps actually eat something here. A little tasty food and we could be looking at a five star review in the future.
I attended the 'soft opening' at this location and I was glad I did!   I am a 'King of the Hill' member and being a member has perks!   It was great to great a preview of the layout & get to taste the sampling menu.  
I am a fan of the food and especially the beer!  I decided to get a flight so I could try a few of the sours and a few of my favorites.   

I tried the Korean BBQ Chicken & Ribs-I am a creature of habit & I wouldn't normally order those items--but I am glad I did-The kitchen was On-Point!  Both items were flavorful and finger-licking good!  

I work in the area-so there is no doubt I will frequent this location (probably not at lunch-I'll be tempted to order beer..lol)!

Kudos to opening this location-it will make a great addition of places to hangout near the new Premium Outlets!
I just felt that this place was okay, nothing special. Probably closer to 3.5 stars. 

We had a 7:30 reservation, got there a little early and had to wait about 20 minutes and sat around 7:25. 

Our server was hit or miss, came over quickly but then would disappear for long stretches, didn't check on how our food was and then reached over me to take the check which I had placed next to me purposely so we could finish our beers without feeling rushed to get up. 

As for the beer, we got the Ore House IPA and the White Iron Wit. I liked both, with a preference for the Wit. 

I got the Brewski Burger with bacon, cheddar and mushrooms and it was just okay. The burger was not seasoned and even with bacon, cheese and mushrooms it had no flavor somehow. 

We also got the Chicken Pot Pie which was solid, no complaints there. 

My girlfriend and I split the Mushroom soup which was super flavorful, possibly the best part of the meal. 

I think I'd come back for beers and apps (they looked very good) but not for dinner.
Iron Hill joins the Market East revamp with a new and highly visible brewpub right across Jefferson Station/Convention Center!

Atmosphere: great airy feel with large windows, affording architectural views of surrounding buildings. The brewpub decor and layout is similar to other Iron Hill locations - with bar, high top, and table seating.

Food: Menu is still evolving, but had a good mix of bar fare/snacks, as well as healthier options. The crab cake was plenty crabby!

Beer: solid selection of signature and seasonal beers on tap, ranging from IPAs/Lagers to Porters/Stouts ... Iron Hill scores GABF bling pretty much every year, so definitely try these!

Perks - Happy Hour: M-F, 4P-6P. $2 off drafts: 12oz, pints, King of the Hill mugs only (tentative schedule, activation pending).

Perks - King of the Hill: $15 one time fee for a lifetime membership. The perks are sweet and plentiful, but highlights include: 
- 150 bonus points at sign up, 
- $20 reward for every 200 points, 
- 1 point/$1 food purchases,
- 22oz mugs for the cost of a pint (16oz ), and
- Exclusive appreciation nights and event invites.

With a highly accessible location close to mass transit, hotels/businesses, and especially the convention center, I anticipate a constant thrum of activity at this spot ...and recommend making reservations. I look forward to many very happy hours here with friends and family!
There was a time where I would have scoffed at you if you told me that something like Iron Hill Brewery was going to open in the epicenter of Market East! There was also a time where I never thought I'd see somewhere like Iron Hill move any closer to Center City Philadelphia than its East Falls location. 

But many things change over time, and the huge construction that's been happening on Market Street has contributed to bringing in what might just be the largest Iron Hill Brewery I've seen yet.  As a card carrying mug club member I was destined to come in and imbibe on a few glorious brews. But it also provided some incredible food and a stellar happy hour!

I'm one of those people who rarely jump on card deals for restaurant spots. But I love the life long King of the Hill membership that Iron Hill does since you get a point for every $1 spent on food purchases, and a $20 gift for every 200 points. You also get to drink out of a 22 oz mug for the cost of a pint, get invites to exclusive events, and get updates from their local brewers!

Whether you enjoy sitting outside, by the bar, or in a comfortable booth, you'll find that perfect seating option at this Iron Hill. For me I like slipping into the bar during their Happy Hour and grabbing a good burger deal for $10, or hitting up their Taco Tuesdays. But I also enjoy offerings like their Kennett Square mushroom soup, ahi tuna poke, voodoo chicken flatbread, and fried brussel sprouts for appetizers. And I love sandwiches like the lager braised pulled pork, the Santa Fe turkey burger with guacamole; and the grilled Brewben that puts corned beef, bacon sauerkraut, and gruyere cheese on marble rye.

For beers they occasionally release a solid special beer named for things like Philly's favorite orange mascot and Superbowl play. But they also have plenty of damned good IPAs, lagers, Belgian ales, and other winning beers!
Finally we have an Iron Hill Brewery in Center City, and with such a gorgeous location here at the sprawling new East Market project!

This is a big restaurant, as it should be for such a high-profile, bustling, Center City location. The wall of windows that surround Iron Hill's perimeter are breath-taking, and showcase great views of the Reading Terminal Market and the vibrant sidewalk crowds. There is an outdoor dining area just along the side of this new building, for those nicer weather times. There is music in the air, but at no point was it overwhelming to drown out great conversation with others.

Came here with a friend for lunch, and we both pretty much ordered the same entree - buffalo wings. Iron Hill gives you 10 for $13; they are juicy, and they are a pretty decent size too. You can order them crispy, which both of us did, or not. I've already been to other Iron Hills to have experience with other menu options, such as the delicious char-grilled burgers and sweet potato fries; but I'll wait to update this review on those once I come back to have them here.

And the on-site brewed beers are always a highlight when you hit an Iron Hill. Today I went for the White Iron Wit - because I'm a Belgian/wheat beer kinda guy. This particular beer will satisfy those of us in the Blue Moon crowd, with a perfect amount of orange to compliment this light-styled brew. If there ever was a better Blue Moon beer than Blue Moon itself, then this is would be it!

Our waitress just couldn't have been nicer or more attentive, and I couldn't help but be happy to reward her with a generous tip for being so fantastic.

I don't make a frequent habit of coming to these kind of pricey establishments when I fly solo, but Iron Hill proves its value when you are on a date or meeting up with friends. Iron Hill has always been a great experience for me, and I couldn't be more thrilled to now have it here in Center City!
It was babe and I first time at this restaurant and we loved it!

We were in town for a few days and we wanted to take advantage of everything within walking distance from our hotel.  

This restaurant was maybe three minutes away (walking) from the Marriott.

We visited on a Sunday night and the crowd wasn't too much, just right!  We were seated within seconds.  

We sat in a booth near the bar area... the restaurant lighting is cozy and sexy at the same time.  Therefore, you could easily make it a date night or drop in alone or with some friends and have a great time.

While I am a fan of the restaurant, I am not going to let one bad apple or a not so good meal take away my first impression of this restaurant.

So...

Our waitress was not attentive at all.  Not sure if this was her first gig, but she clearly upset my babe... slow to bring the bar drinks... my babe stopped another waiter and asked what's up... the delay was still existing... I tried to keep cool because we were from out of town, but the service was super awful that night.

My meal, the Cajun shrimp pasta was blah.  It lacked flavor totally.  I wouldn't recommend that.

Now our appetizers... cheesesteak egg rolls and the Korean wings... were awesome!

If you're wondering how spicy the wings are... very Spicy!  I can still feel the sting in my mouth now and this was over a month ago.  They are very flavorful.

Not sure how parking works, but the ambiance and the location of the restaurant is very inviting.  I believe the restaurant opened a year ago or less and the consumers are already buzzing about this place.

If we are nearby again, I'd definitely dine here again but I will definitely steer clear of the waitress we had during this visit.

Have fun and enjoy life :)
Iron Hill Brewery is a brewery before it's a restaurant. So while the beer and drink menus are extensive and interesting, the food menu, not so much. (Agreeing with my fellow Yelper Kat C., the food is definitely on the mediocre side.) Maybe some good rich or fried bar snacks to go with the beer, which, again, pretty standard for a brewery.

If, on the other hand, you are sensitive to fried foods, or you are a vegetarian, you probably won't find much here that you'll be able to enjoy. So why would I, falling into both categories, ever do dinner here? Because I had a work dinner to celebrate one of my colleagues. And not just is she one of my colleagues, but she's a colleague that I happen to like very much. What we do for work and for love.

The ambiance was typical for a brewery on  Thursday night, bustling and moderately loud. Not so loud I couldn't hear the people at my table, and I even caught some of the music on the restaurant loudspeakers (random but great selection). All we ordered were drinks and appetizers (SO MANY DRINKS), so I'll do a quick run-down on the few things I was actually able to eat:

Hand-Cut Sweet Potato Fries: I should not even have had the single fry I ate. But it's hard for me to say no to sweet potato fries, especially when they're impossible to do wrong, so you can always count on them to be good.

Margherita Flatbread: Nope. Thick mozarella slices (was that REALLY fresh mozarella?) over too-sweet tomato sauce, barely any basil, and slightly soggy pita-esque bread. It's obvious I was disappointed, right?

Nachos: Another one that's hard to mess up, and IHB did not. The beans, vegetables and sour cream were all good, and plenty of yummy guacamole too.

Fried Brussels Sprouts: Another item that I should not have eaten, but probably my favorite of everything I ate. Crisp and well-seasoned, just really tasty overall. Almost worth the stomach ache I've still got after eating three pieces.

Housemade Soft Pretzel Sticks: I don't know what the fuss over these is about. With all the great reviews, this was the item I was most looking forward to. But while the cheese and mustard sauces were good, the pretzels I just wasn't into. They were kind of buttery, Amish style, which I know is popular, but I just can't get into it. And "everything spice" is for bagels, not pretzels! I feel like it's not just me either, because my table of 7 barely managed to finish the 5 sticks that came in the order.

We ordered a lot of carnivore-friendly and other fried appetizers too, but since I didn't try those, I won't mention them here. Given the space and the location, the prices are what you'd expect. But for the quality? Maybe next time I'd do happy hour here and get dinner somewhere else (at least, if I have a say in the matter).
Another new place for a Friday lunch with my friend and coworker. IHB has been here for a few years and I've been wanting to try something different and this hit the spot.

We were seated quickly, but they corralled everyone on one side of the restaurant. Masks were required unless you were eating, and all staff were wearing theirs.

Our waitress was friendly and helpful with menus and service.

I ordered a beer flight which was four 4oz pours. You could get the traditional which I did, or the pumpkin version. For me, it was easy to determine a ranking from first to last. Drank last first to eventually get to my favorite.

For food, although I was really craving a burger, I instead went with the fried Brussels sprouts. They were so good with a right amount of crispness and flavored with Parmesan and lemon. I also went with the hummus platter which I also enjoyed except for the olives. I'm not a fan of them and had to take them off. But there was an adequate amount of hummus to fillers ratio.

My friend loved her burger. "Well done, not burnt." The bacon was extra crispy, and she gave me her pickle and tomato. The fries were also spot on.

Overall, we had a good time at IHB, and would like to make a return visit soon.

$48 for a beer flight, iced tea, two appetizers, and a burger. Two people not including tip.
We stopped here one evening after our conference for a bite of food. It was around 8PM and the place was packed! We had a party of 10, but told the waitress we were willing to split up if that meant we could be seated faster. I guess they thought that if we were going to be split up, we needed to be close to each other. That wasn't necessary... and added to our wait time! It was around 8PM on a Monday!! 

Once we got seated, ordering was easy. But do be warned that they are only able to separate large checks into two receipts.... so 2 friends had to pay and we had to figure out Venmo separately. That's always a pain. 

We got several appetizers to try... the philly egg roll were good. As were the Brussels sprouts and sweet potato fries! Food came out quickly so no complaints there. The loss of two stars really has to do with service and wait time before we were actually seated! We could have been done and out of there a whole lot sooner!
(to the tune of the Spice Girls classic, "Stop")

You just walk in, it's been a while
But, hey, you know Iron Hill Brew'ry.
Whether you traveled an inch, or many miles,
Consistency right here is the key.
And, you know that you could go and find some other
Place to eat, but why would you even bother?
No gimmicks here, so grab a beer,
They'll greet you like you were their brother.

Don't you know - service is way fast.
Those cheesesteak egg rolls, they won't last.
Don't you know, what can't you see?
Just stop by, stay a while,
Get cozy at Iron Hill Brew'ry.

Stop right here, sip or snack or munch,
You could get dinner, or you could get lunch
Hey you, always on the run
You know just what you're gonna get, you're gonna have some fun.

If you've been to an Iron Hill before, you know what to expect. High quality food, large portions, consistently good service. Is anything here going to blow your mind? Probably not. It's not terribly creative, and there's not much finesse needed for pretzels with cheese dip. But the beers are good without trying too hard, the space is large and bright, and it's definitely a crowd pleaser when you're working with a group that doesn't want to get too "wild" with their orders.

I think this location is a great fit, right in the heart of tourist lodging, convention center, and RTM-area.
REALLY digging this new Iron Hill location in the city. Have always loved the Media and West Chester spots, and this one did not disappoint.

Staff was on point and trained up by the time we arrived.

Place was packed, but the wait wasn't long for a table.

Beer was DELISH. (As always.) Had the Hopicana fruity IPA. Would recommend.

I had the salmon salad and my dining companion had the steak salad. Both delivered on the promise of freshness and flavor, and were filling. Fresh ground pepper was a nice touch.

Would love to do some damage to the wings and fries the lady next to us had, next time we go.

Will definitely be back, and excited to try more!
We were in philly with our two kids. Staying close to this area at night was proving hard for us with children to find places to eat dinner. 
I've never eaten at an iron hill Brewery being from nyc. But, everything was great! So many really good beers. Food was tasty. No complaints! 
We did a flight and then chose a pint of our favorite. 
Ervin was a very genuinely sweet and prompt sever :)
Would recommend and would return. 
Also, music was good.
Food was okay it was not the best. I believe this is a tourist trap who goes in the city.  

We went here with my fiancé, and let me tell you the waiter that we got was super rude!!!! He was more talkative with his friends next to us and serve them with the best customer service he did than us. Oh god!!! Can you believe my fiance wanted to get a drink, and he told us you need to be 25 yrs old to be able to buy a drink!!!! Dude we're 23 we can get drinks anywhere else except that time we were here. 

After that experience, we never wanted to come back anymore!!! Just horrible...
This was the worst experience I've had in a very long time. 
The manager was really disrespectful and unprofessional. We waited for 2-1/2 hours for a table and the guy comes with a attitude because we had brought a cup with a bit of wine from the outside.  He said they could not serve us even though we offered to throw it out and get new drinks from the restaurant.  He was unreasonable and would not hear us.  I believe it had more to do with the fact that we were speaking Spanish than the actual "issue" they were calling out.  Is unfortunate that the staff is not prepared to deal with diversity in an city like Philadelphia.  Poorly handled, feel like we were discriminated and will absolutely never return and never recommend this place to anyone.  Very rude and unprofessional.  This place is in serious need of some diversity and inclusion training. Do not go there!
This is my first time trying this iron hill location, but have been to one in New Jersey a few times and have always enjoyed the food. Everything here was great! The Rhode Island calamari is really good and I'd highly recommend trying it if you like calamari. The sauce that comes with it is so delicious that we asked for more to put on the burger. Burger and sweet potato fries were good too. There is also a decent beer menu here that usually has something for everyone.
I went here pre-opening and wasn't that impressed.  The food was okay other than the fried cauliflower.  I ordered the linguine with cajun shrimp. When they brought it out they said it was a stew which makes no sense for linguine. The sauce was more consistent with broth and didn't stick to the linguine so it was bland.  The shrimp were overcooked and didn't have much flavor because the broth sucked it up. The thai chicken lettuce wraps were salted and didnt really have any elements of typical thai flavors.

For dessert I had the brownie and it was extremely dry and I could tell it was slightly burnt. They also forgot to put caramel sauce on mine.

The service was okay which is not surprising considering it was a test run and everyone is getting used to things. I can't say that I would go back with so many other food options in the area.
I was out of town on business in Philly and literally stumbled across this brewery just by walking around. The place is always packed for the early evening specials but do not be discourage it moves pretty fast and is worth it. I tried a few of their beers and was not disappointed they had a few delicious full bodied IPAS yet my favorite was the Philadelphia style, the bar service was very attentive, fast, courteous, and fun. I sat at the bar by myself and a few guys sat next to me making friendly conversation, turns out it was one of their vendor distributors and a brewery investor, so I was treated to a few more tastings by them. I had delicious wings cooked the way I like them super done and crispy along with their home made blue cheese dressing.overall a pleasant experience. 
And keep this in mind  "you never know who's sitting next to ya at the bar"
***3& 3/4 stars** Enjoyable lunch with friends at this new location. Nice own layout with open kitchen and modern design. There is outdoor seating available which is nice! Our server was very friendly and attentive, zero complaints. Plenty of food was ordered between the group so it was a nice sampling of the menu. Here's the breakdown:
-cheesesteak egg rolls: very tasty with a nice horseradish based dipping sauce. Wish the portion size was larger for sharing 
-bacon burger and burger with mush and Brie: both very tasty, cooked to the perfect temperature and juicy! The bun was a bit of a let down, would have been better if it were toasted. It got soggy quickly 
-Salmon with mashed potato and broccoli: The diner said it was OK, a little on the bland side and the portion size was really small for the price 
Crime brûlée- YUMMY! Priced properly 
Apple crisp- very good 
Cookie dough ice cream-come on its cookie dough, can it be bad? 
I also enjoyed the strawberry mojito, it packed a kick; definitely not a light pour!

Overall we really enjoyed ourselves and will certainly return! Recommended
Very nice place to hang out. The outside dining was very peaceful   Only had desert and Drinks. Which was very good.
I was recently in Philly for a work trip. Our Team was staying at the Marriott in Downtown Philadelphia across from the convention center. We went here on our first night and liked it so much we went again the last night. They have some great high top tables in the bar that accommodated our party of 8 and 10 nicely. 

The servers here are on the ball. We were never neglected for too long. Food came out quickly as well. 

We ordered apps only both times we dined. The wings, chips and guacamole, and pretzels were all amazing, however the star on the app menu are the Philadelphia Cheese Steak Egg Rolls. Heaven. We had to get two orders because they were that good. The beers are also really good too. Pumpkin Ale for me!

Easy to pop in, grab a beverage, and hang with the Team!
On the one hand, I'm thrilled that another casual sit-down place opened near my office, but I'm less thrilled that they don't have a lunch menu.

I've been to this location of Iron Hill twice (lunch and a happy hour.) I'm really surprised they don't have a lunch menu, given the amount of offices in Center City. But, the burger I had for lunch was pretty good.

They DO have a happy hour menu (some of their appetizers are discounted, plus a discount on draft beers & wine) which was nice. Our server brought us a variety of beers to taste, which was a nice surprise.

Overall, it's fine - if not exactly what you expect from an Iron Hill location.
This was a good spot for a nice lunch right by the Loews Philadelphia hotel. Our waitress Katie also happened to be from Indiana and provided great Hoosier Hospitality in Pennsylvania. 

I opted for the naked burger salad to get some protein and greens and while it was yummy, I asked for the burger medium well and it came out more medium. I was too hungry to bother asking for a different burger and it was still delicious.
Thankfully Yelp has the hours wrong on this new place to the neighbourhood. It's actually open from 11:30 to Midnight, not Noon. We have walked past it the last three days while wandering around Philadelphia during our visit. We decided to give it a go on our last evening here looking for some small plates as opposed to a big meal. 

It's a beautiful in house craft brewery which is very popular in our neck of the woods so we are quite familiar with the concept. Beer is not our thing so we will leave those that know way more about that to comment on the offering of suds that their offering. 

We can tell you that the pretzel sticks are great and the cheese dip was also excellent although could use a little infusion of sharp cheese to make it outstanding. The grainy mustard dip to us was a touch to heavy on the acid and could have used a bit of sweetness to cut the acidity. 

The Caesar salad was good with a generous amount of food even with the starter salad which we split. The croutons were tasty and the Parmesan cheese plentiful. I like a bit more anchovy than was evident, but others I know do not, so I am likely in the minority there. 

Where the fifth star was earned were the buffalo wings which were HUGE! The appetizer wings are $13.00 and include 10 wings or so our server told us. We got 11 and it might be because they were on the light side as far as weight goes (kidding, check out the photo). They were very tasty and there was no way the lovely K and I could finish them. Suffice it to say we have lunch already for tomorrow as we brought 6 back to our hotel room. 

The place was rocking busy, but even at that the food came out quickly and the service was very good. They haven't been open for long which typically results in glitches to either the food, or the service and we experienced neither. 

Definitely a place to check out!
This location opened in September however I just noticed it last week! 

I would give it 3.5 stars if I could. 

After the Mummer's parade on New Year's Day, my fiancé and I were looking for a bite to eat. Open Table didn't have many casual dining choices at that time...mostly fine dining. That being said, we figured we would try out this new Iron Hill location since I am such a fan of the Media location. 

I like how it looks from outside. It is very large and the signage beckons you to come in. 

The hostess was nice and seated us immediately for our Open Table reservation.  Our server was nice and provided good service. 

The actual dining area is very large and open. I never really care for that floor plan because it feels like a college dining hall to me but it is what it is. The bar area was nice. The TVs were adequate. Not too many but more than a few. They can be seen from the dining room but there are some obstructions depending on where you sit. 

We stuck to items we typically order at Iron Hill. We split the nachos which seem to be getting smaller and smaller and smaller. It's getting difficult to justify the price for the small amount that you get. I miss the old school large shared plate of nachos. The guacamole on top was good. We got sweet potato fries and I asked for them to be cooked well done which was a good choice because they were perfectly. Recently they have gotten larger and they are always too thick and floppy. I also miss the habanero lime and horseradish sauces. Now they only give you the garlic paprika and the vanilla. We also got the cheesesteak eggrolls which I did not eat but my fiancé enjoyed. They were served with ketchup. Again, the portion size is quite small compared to other restaurants that serve cheesesteak eggrolls. Finally, my fiancé got the roast beef sandwich which he said was flavorless and he would never get it again. He said it couldn't even be saved by the bland horseradish sauce. I normally like it but I didn't try it so I can't comment on the comparison to other times. 

Got the flourless chocolate torte for dessert with raspberries and salted caramel sauce which I thought was an odd combo. 

There is an open kitchen. 

The bathrooms were clean. 

Another table had a hair in their food which is always disgusting to see or hear. 

It's located right by the train station which is convenient. Parking seemed limited right around that area as far as street parking and super close lots.
Customer service is exceptional. Upon entering you're greeted by very friendly staff. It's very rare to find this level of friendliness. They even opened the door for me because my hands were full.

The right side is for bar. First come first served. I went there on Saturday on lunch time and it's crowded.

The right side is for dining.

You can buy some beer too at the entrance.

I was greeted personally by the manager, Matt. Very friendly guy who made sure my order is taken carefully of and explained me about some of my dietary concerns.

This place is kids friendly. It has kids menu. The menu has several vegetarian options and they can accommodate special dietary needs such as vegan and dairy free.

I ordered voodoo flat bread, pretzel sticks and stout chocolate ice cream to go. My order came out rather slow. But the front desk staff were so nice and engaging conversation with me. I recommend to call to place the order to go.

Voodoo chicken flat bread: decent size, my father in law enjoyed it.

Pretzel sticks: definitely get this. It's seasoned with sesame seeds, poppy seeds, and a touch of garlic. It's not a typical pretzel sprinkled with salt so it's not very salty. Perfect crunch and well balanced flavor. The mustard and cheese dip is great. I prefer to enjoy it without the dip. I dipped mine in my chocolate ice cream. It sounds weird but it's great . The dough is soft and moist.

Chocolate stout ice cream: very delicious. Highly recommend for nice ending to your meal. Not heavy and creamy. Very light and refreshing and not overly sweet. Perfect sweetness.

The website provides nutritional information and allergen list. 

I will definitely come back to try different things. I am looking forward to try the cheesesteak spring rolls and the crab cake.
First time ever visiting an Iron Hill Brewery establishment and I've been wanting to try their happy hour for awhile. Nice spacious bar area and the staff is very attentive.

I believe they have about 10 beers on tap. I was able to sample a few beers before selecting one. I forget the name of the beer I tried, but I enjoyed it. My friend and I ordered several happy hour snacks. Sweet potato fries, although not crispy enough for me, was delicious with the two sauces (sriracha aioli and a sweet bourbon cream). The naked burger sliders were tiny, but flavorful! Would order those two items again. The pretzels were what turned me off. They were hard as rocks! Totally disappointed, but our server was so nice enough to order another batch. The second batch was significantly better. I wouldn't order it again just because I don't want to risk getting another terrible batch. Our server even mentioned that they're not consistent! But seriously, major props to our server for providing such excellent service!!

Would I return to Iron Hill and/or recommend to friends? Sure, I would, but I'd tell them to stay away from the pretzels. lol. I picture it would be really nice when the weather gets warmer. There's a nice little area beside the restaurant that would be nice to hang out and relax.
Fun evening at the soft open of the newest Iron Hill. Beautiful venue near the SE corner of 12th Market.  Great craft beer is flowing! Crew did a great job, especially our server, Jules. We loved the new Garcia Flatbread. We both had the Moroccan salmon--great taste, beautiful presentation. Come visit, ask for Megan, she would love to meet you!
I really love their outdoor seating! In the evenings, they got nice lights up and it feels so cozy and romantic. It also looks great inside and they have created a great spot to bring a big group of friends in.

I have also always loved and appreciated restaurants with concepts where you can see what is going on inside the kitchen.

I feel like that gives one a piece of mind and you can be a bit more sure that things are done the right way there. (everything looks so clean and organized!)

The other thing I would praise them for is, of course, their beer selection! I liked all the beers I tried and as always, appreciated the ability to do beer flights. It was not too hard to find several favorites after doing a couple of beer flights. So I recommend you to also explore rather than grabbing a pint of something you might end up not liking. 

The food was the only thing that I guess could have been a bit better, their hummus was nothing special if you ask me, but I would still definitely come back. The Brussel sprouts were good and really, just the beer and the cool ambiance were sure reasons good enough to return!
Burger was good.....but the fries were cold.

The pecan ice cream was pretty good.  (Didn't really taste the alcohol infused in the ice cream). Would certainly get it again
Finally had the chance for my first sit down dinner at the restaurant. 

As always, I was greeted by a friendly staff. I made reservations through open table. Waited only several minutes and got seated near the kitchen.

Our waitress is knowledgeable. I was able to customize my salmon salad order by substituting  arugula with romaine.

My salmon was perfectly cooked. The salad has super crunchy potato strings that gives a nice texture to the salad. The roasted peppers elevated the flavor. However as I was finishing it I found it's greasy at the bottom of the plate. I didn't expect salad to be greasy at all. The size could have been bigger. 

My husband had some kind of roast beef sandwich in ciabatta bread. The bread was toasted so it had a nice crunch but still retains the softness on the inside 

My waitress only checked on us once for water refills. I expected more attentiveness.
What a great addition to center city! Stopped by this place on a Saturday afternoon, it was pretty full and the wait time for a table for 2 was 20 minutes. We didn't mind waiting as they took our number down and there's a TJ max right next door. 
15-17 minutes later received a text saying our table was ready, we were seated and our server was shortly with us, she explained about the brewery and offered us great suggestions. 
We took our time and I ordered the Wit Breeze, and my SO got a flight (sample beers). I really enjoyed my drink! 
For apps we got the Nashville hot chicken sliders, the pretzels (please get them) and the Belgium fries. 
The Pretzels took a long time as the kitchen was backed up but they were so so worth the wait. 
We were too full to order entrees so the SO got an order of the cheesesteak egg rolls. 
These took longer than 20 minutes and although the server apologized multiple times, we could only eat 1/2 the egg roll. It was very delicious! 
We already planned our next visit and will be bringing in friends and family!
$18.95 for nachos with chicken and a tiny little 2 oz. ramekin of guacamole. 3 stars? My table was incredibly salty about paying the extra $2.00 for a 2 oz. ramekin of guacamole when the table beside us got like a heaping 8 oz. scoop of guacamole piled on top of their chicken nachos. That price is hefty for some darn nachos, LOL.

Service was great though, and she was super friendly. She took our orders and ran our cards in a timely manner. We honestly came here for some drinks before the Drake concert. The wait time was quick since we grabbed a seat at the bar.

The place was clean, and the bathrooms were maintained. It was pretty busy inside, and the menu looked like it can accommodate any diet. The beer was served cold and tasted great. Our green tea shots arrived as our last order, and they were sufficiently strong. 

It wasn't my vibe, but I'm sure this place is a great spot for food and drinks for anyone else.
First impression, great decor and super large inside.  Waitstaff extremely friendly and patient.  We were a larger group and she was super kind to all of us and we were being indecisive with our orders.

We came for lunch on a Sunday.  Everyone seemed to like what they ordered.  We also got a few flights of beer.  SOOOO delicious!  I wish I lived closer because excellent beer here.

The bathrooms were super clean which always tells me something about a  restaurant.

Would recommend if in the area!
I came here Sunday with 2 friends after the beauty convention nearby. 1 friend was visiting from Houston and I wanted to treat her to a good dinner. Yelp lead the way, we were exhausted and wanted to find something close that we could walk to. This place popped up with only 12 reviews but all 5 Star. I decided to take a chance and I'm glad I did. It's a new restaurant so everything looks nice & sleek. The staff was excellent in attitude, service, and attentiveness. The food was delicious and fresh. I had Brussel sprouts and fish and chip which were excellent. One friend had seafood pasta and broccolini the other mussels and fish & chips. We were all highly satisfied, our waiter was awesome and gave great suggestions. I also had a beer flight, I mean it is a brewery lol, the waiter helped me choose and I was happy with what I got. I will absolutely be back and I'd easily bring another out of town guest here. I had a nice amount of food left which I packed to go but I left the container on the table. 15 mins later I returned praying they hadn't thrown it away and guess what, it was waiting for me at the hostess stand. I could've cried tears of joy, my lunch the next day was just as good everything reheated well even the fries  I hope they continue to run this restaurant the way they do, it'll be a hot spot for sure.
Food was good, service ok...very busy...
Beer selection good and sample really helps you make a wise choice!  Like my ribs and my friend's  chicken and asparagus were great.
Mashed potatoes were chunky and just alright
We stumbled upon this brewery after a long day of exploring the city and it did not disappoint. We were lucky enough to snag a table in the bar area before it got packed on a Friday night! Our server was awesome as she was very attentive to us the entire time. 

We split the nachos which were delicious and had a few beers before digging into trying their flat breads which were also very delicious. 

They had a lot of TVs as well which was nice for watching games. It was clearly a happening place as it was filled with youNg entrepreneurs along with many people clearly in town to run the marathon over the weekend looking to carboload before the big race! 

Overall I would definitely recommend everyone check this place out. They also had a really cool growler filling machine which I had never seen before!
Went here for a drink with a friend tonight because I'm staying at the Marriott downtown. The hightop tables on the bar side are seat yourself so we went there. The waitress came over to us almost immediately. I ordered the white wit. It was good and light. I had already eaten dinner so I didn't order any food. My friend ordered the chicken sliders and she said they were really good. 
Very convenient location with tons of seats inside. I will definitely come back.
Our family visited Iron Hill after attending an exhibit at the Convention Center. I appreciated that, not only did they ask for our vaccine cards before the city's mandate went into effect, the also checked our IDs to make sure the names on the cards matched. 

Our waiter was friendly and attentive. Our food was delicious, and the final tab for lunch for three, including three beers was under $100 with tip. We will certainly be back!
Totally mediocre in every way. Basically a tourist trap for people who are in downtown Philly and are willing to overpay for mediocre food.

I had a $15 pub burger that was more or less Burger King quality at best. I also had the $9 "Triple Chocolate Hill" dessert which took forever to come out (as did everything, on a weekday afternoon when there were very few customers) and I got the impression it had sat in the window for awhile because the brownie was mushy and the ice cream was half melted.

The sides of roasted potatoes and broccoli were average, not bad but definitely not great - worth the $3 each they cost. Throw in the $3 iced tea, tax and tip and I spent $40 on a $15 meal.
Went here today for lunch while visiting the Christmas Village. We were immediately seated by a very sweet hostess. Our waitress brought our drinks out quickly and was very attentive and pleasant. I ordered the Nashville hot chicken sliders. Three mini sandwiches containing a burger bun roll, spicy fried chicken, mayonnaise, & bread & butter pickles. Super tasty. Only downside was I felt like the menu didn't have a big enough selection. Would definitely go back though.
We stopped here on a whim after arriving in town late on a Friday night.  Great music, beer, service and surprisingly excellent food.  We had the fried Brussels sprouts, fish tacos, caesar salad & my daughter had a simple cheese quesadilla.  The beer was good, which I expected, but the dessert was AWESOME.  Ever had a cheesecake in a ramekin?  Uh, yeah.  It totally works.  And the locally-sourced ice cream was perfect - not too sweet and very creamy.  Well done, Iron Hill.  I'm already looking forward to our next visit...
Awesome beer and burger.  I really enjoyed my beer, a house brew blonde.  My blonde wife had a great burger (the naked burger) on a salad - gluten and dairy free.  She was happy, so I got 2 good blondes in one night! 

Our server was very helpful, walked us through a rather detailed menu, and referred to the kitchen prior to confirming Sandy's order, all the time keeping my glass full.  I had the hot chicken slider app - good bar fair.
Th it s is brand new location. So WELCOME TO MARKET STREET EAST!  THIS AREA OF THE CITY NEEDS THIS RESTAURANT.  Wife and I wanted to try this restaurant. We were met at the door by three host persons. Restaurant was very busy and lively. We were told there would be a 25 minute wait. So we decided to have a drink at the bar. Right behind the host station there was an empty booth for 4. I requested if we could be seated at this both and was told it was for people waiting. I got the feeling "what was being implied both was for 4 not 2, move on."  We found seats at the bar and were met by Madeline and Seth. They were great, made us feel very welcome and comfortable. We were allowed to taste the wine and beer choices before selecting. We ordered food - wife had Moroccan Salmon and I had fish tacos with fried cauliflower. Wife liked salmon and I enjoyed tacos. The cauliflower was limp and not crisp. Madeline brought the cauliflower  back to the kitchen with our critique and did not charge me. We will go back to try in eight months. When we do I will sit at the bar, and ask for Madeline.
Great dining experience. Food was good and Witt, our server, was excellent. He made good recommendations and was very accommodating to my unique tastes. Definitely recommend this location.
Excellent restaurant. Definitely recommend the Vegetable Noodle Bowl and the Flank steak dish!
Claims to have a Philly Cheesesteak as a "signature dish".  Spoiler alert...they're EGG ROLLS!  I walked FOREVER for egg rolls?!?!?!  Talk about false advertisement 
The other foods on the menu are delicious. I recommend this spot.
What a great brewery and pub. I sampled a couple of different IPAs and were so good I had a pint of each! Way good beer. Needed something to eat so I had the Philly Cheesesteak egg rolls. They were as good as you can imagine. Lots of steak with gooey melted cheese. And a very nice horseradish dipping sauce.
Service was great. Beer was great.  Food is another thing. Portions were horrible.   If you come her stuck to the bar food. Burger and Sandwiches.  My Salmon salad was the smallest portion I have ever seen.  Her salad was super small also.  Kids meals are great.  Sandwiches are a good proportion. Don't order off special menu.  Also very very tiny portions for a lot of money. Most kids meals are good. Daughters chicken pot pie was all dark meat and very fatty.   Marlton and all the other locations I have been too are much better. This was a two star or one but our service was great.
I placed an order for takeout and when I arrived there was not a record of it. The Hostess was very pleasant while we figured it out. It was suggested I may have placed my order to the other location which I was not aware existed. Oops. But this was not the case and I had the proper location on the email. The Hostess was able to accept the email and get my order underway promptly without me asking. Shortly after the Manager approached me with apologies. I was not upset at all and I Thanked him. I waited about 10 minutes and my order was handed to me. 
The burger, asparagus and sweet potato fries were as equally good as the service Iron Hill showed me. At times I feel like 'old school' customer service has been left to our imagination. Thank You Iron Hill for giving us hope in the service industry. Kudos.
I always enjoy the food when I go. It's a good place to go with friends as there is a decent selection that would appease most people. However, the food itself is nothing special. It is definitely more alcohol focused there.
I went to this location with a party of 12. I had some family over from England and we were showing them down town so we decided to eat here. Our table was ready by our reservation time which was great. Our waiter was wonderful. He was very attentive and patient which was great considering we had 4 children with us. Our table was right by the front window which kept the kids entertained with making faces at the passerby's. The food was absolutely delicious. We had 3 appetizers for the table. The hummus platter, the cheese steak egg rolls and the pretzels. The egg rolls were my favorite. The entrees were perfect and we had 3 desserts to share. I couldn't of asked for a better outcome.
My food was bland and over priced, definitely a tourist trap. Do yourself a favor and walk the couple extra blocks else where. So many awesome brew pubs in this city you will not be missing anything. I got a salad and soup because I had a feeling the food was going to be a miss and I was right. Seafood bisque is definitely not house made, the consistency was almost like Jello way to thick even for a bisque, maybe from being re heated to much? non the less stay away. I also got the mesclun salad. The salad was super basic and the blue cheese dressing was gross, super thick and tasted like kraft or something. For the prices they charge I was expecting better quality at the least. My beer was decent but nothing to write home about. If your looking for awesome food and good beer, I suggest 2nd story brewing in old city , food is way better and it's local not a chain.
Great atmosphere excellent service! Our waiter was so kind and patient with us till we ordered. He even got us samples of the beers we were thinking of getting so we could make a final decision. Place was clean great vibe, the Game was on so that was perfect! The burgers were so good!!! My husband got the Al burger he loved it was a unique flavor 
The rest of us got the pub burger over all it was delicious the meat was so yummy! Didn't really like the sweet potato fries they were thick and tasted more like yams nor exactly sweet potato if you get me.. but our waiter gladly changed them to regular fries which we appreciated no attitude just a smile and ok excellent service!! Will definitely be back next time we visit Philadelphia!
They do NOT take reservations. Even though you get a reservation through Yelp it is not recognized when you get there. Other than the 30 minute wait, the food and atmosphere was great! We tried some beer samples that the waiter recommended (Ryan was awesome). They did not have the lava cake but the cookie sandwich was a pleasant surprise!
Excellent food and beer. They have an extensive menu that goes beyond ordinary bar food. Very nice atmosphere and friendly service. I highly recommend a visit. I had the shrimp and sausage etouffee over rice which was delicious.
This place is the best place to get food when you're hungry. The waiters are very polite. The service is very fast. Also, iron hill has a very clean environment and I'd recommend you to come here to consume their delicious food!
Service was great. Beer was great.  Food is another thing. Portions were horrible.   If you come here for  bar food; apps, burgers, sandwiches you will be happy. Our Salmon salads were he smallest portionsI have ever seen.  Her salad was super small also.  Kids meals were good except the pot pie was all dark meat and very fatty.   Marlton and all the other locations I have been too are much better. This was a two star or one but our service was great.
I always like to visit a local brewery when I'm in a town I haven't been to. I read on yelp that they had opened not too long ago. Of course, we had to check it out. I am all about supporting local breweries...because they're just the BEST! I was lucky that they had just tapped a pumpkin spice brew the day before. I was all for it!! I swear, it tasted like a pumpkin pie. Come and support the local breweries...you won't be disappointed. 
They serve food as well, but that day was all about the beer.
Food was good, service was better and beer was ... as described.  No hidden surprises here.  This is a solid restaurant/bar.  It's large so it's good for parties.  They have a good kids menu with the average price of $6.  The kids meal was plenty for kids that don't eat much but a kid that has a hearty appetite should order off of the adult menu.
I came here on a Saturday night around 10pm (they close the restaurant at midnight). We got a very friendly server and as a group of 10 we were sat very quickly! We all drank (we were all carded FYI) and had some snacks. 

They offer flights - but you cannot pick the beers you want.

The total of 10 people drinking and 2 apps came to $100 (imo this is a GREAT deal - we got two pitchers, one flight, and some other individual beers). 

I would recommend this place and it is located in a very convenient location.
What a great addition to center city! Stopped by this place on a Saturday afternoon, it was pretty full and the wait time for a table for 2 was 20 minutes. We didn't mind waiting as they took our number down and there's a TJ max right next door. 
15-17 minutes later received a text saying our table was ready, we were seated and our server was shortly with us, she explained about the brewery and offered us great suggestions. 
We took our time and I ordered the Wit Breeze, and my SO got a flight (sample beers). I really enjoyed my drink! 
For apps we got the Nashville hot chicken sliders, the pretzels (please get them) and the Belgium fries. 
The Pretzels took a long time as the kitchen was backed up but they were so so worth the wait. 
We were too full to order entrees so the SO got an order of the cheesesteak egg rolls. 
These took longer than 20 minutes and although the server apologized multiple times, we could only eat 1/2 the egg roll. It was very delicious! 
We already planned our next visit and will be bringing in friends and family!
This is a busy lunch spot near the convention center in Philly.  Where the staff are friendly and inviting. 

I grabbed a solo seat at the bar for a quick lunch. It was a great spot to watch the brewmaster as they worked the mash and fermenters. 

My bartender Reece was a nice guy who really took care of me. 

It was a nice environment to enjoy a break. The noise level was just right. Enough background noice without making it difficult to hold a conversation. 

The Korean BBQ wings were both the best and hottest version of these I have ever had. These have a strong Kimchi flavor with that great spice.  Be prepared to enter a flavor filled experience. 

I balanced my lunch with a nice mixed salad with pistachios dried cranberries apples and greens. I actually needed to quench the spice between wings. It was a perfect combination.
This was my second time at the Center City location. My colleague and I decided to meet for dinner due to it being Center City Restaurant Week. What we ordered from the pre-fixe menu was tasty, enjoyable, simply delicious. My colleague and I aren't beer drinkers, so it was wonderful to have a server who provided some recommendations on what type of beer would pair with our meals. Great location to meet after work.  We had a wonderful time.
Love everything about this restaurant! I'm more of a filet vs. prime rib guy but a couple times a year I get a prime rib and this was the best prime rib I've ever had, loved it! Not cheap for a family of five but we all left happy, we'll be back!
Super friendly and very accommodating. The restaurant is very beautiful very rustic very microbrew looking. The food was excellent my daughter is not a big guacamole fan so they were able to give her a side of cheese sauce with our appetizer the chips were crispy the guacamole was excellent with just the right amount of lime juice. She and I split a rack of ribs and I'm telling you I'm from Texas and they were excellent! 

Could not of been happy with the service the in-house craft beers were very good. I would definitely recommend
I am not one to give out a perfect score because I can always find something to complain about, however, this place is damn near perfect. 

Where to start?

Service: party of two arrived Saturday night around 8:20 pm without a reservation. We were told it was going to be a wait of 40 minutes. We were going to go to the bar area but it was crowded so we just sat by the waiting area. After about twenty minutes, a woman named Megan came over and asked our name again and said we will be seated shortly. She then asked if we wanted to try the pumpkin ale. We declined then she offered chips and guacamole on the house. We were surprised because it wasn't 40 minutes yet but we kindly accepted regardless of the reason. Our waitress Melissa (I'm almost sure this was her name. If not I apologize profusely) was attentive and friendly. She came back often to make sure we were okay.  I had told Megan that she made my friend's day by offering the chips and guacamole because it was her birthday. When we were seated, Melissa wished my friend happy birthday and offered ice cream for dessert. Clearly, communication among the staff is great.

The food:
Chips and guacamole 4/5: good texture. Fresh. Chips were okay. Guacamole needed a little salt. 

Seafood bisque soup: I didn't try this but my friend enjoyed it.

House salad 4/5: very good. Could have been a little more crisper. Probably would get the dressing on the side next time. Delicious none the less

Korean BBQ wings 4/5: I ordered the small portion and these big wings came out. I was impressed by the size of the wings. The wings were a bit more spicier than I thought they would be but still a good taste. 

Crab cakes: I didn't taste this but my friend said they were delicious. I did taste the old Bay fries that came with them 4/5. They were thick and nicely seasoned. Could have been a bit crispier for me

I ordered the local hand crafted vodka and it was very good. 

I would definitely return. We were full after the chips, salad and soup. We took majority of our food home but we can't wait to eat the leftovers tomorrow!!

Service is everything to me and this establishment should teach a lesson to other places.

When I'm back in Philly, I'll definitely be returning!
Stopped in here for lunch while we were down in the city attending the auto show. It was around 1:30 and no wait. We've been to there Iron Hill's in the suburbs and my kids love their pizza, so they were excited we were going here. They wound up disappointed as this location doesn't make pizzas. In general though, we felt like the menu was much more limited than the ones in the burbs. The food we did order was fine and service was very good throughout our meal. We didn't order any alcoholic beverages but they have plenty to choose from. If you find yourself in the area, it's not a bad place to stop in for a bite to eat. It's not going to knock your socks off, but you should expect a decent meal.
We were in town for a conference and came here twice. The food and beer are delicious, specifically the Nashville Hot Chicken Sliders and Truffle Fries! Also the service is on point. The table never got cluttered, the beverages were always topped off, and the consistency with checking in was timed perfectly. If you go, ask for Summer!! She's awesome and will make sure you're very well taken care of. Thanks for everything Iron Hill....we'll be back soon!
FIVE STAR MEAL AND SERVICE AGAIN. Consistency is key, I really hope they keep it up here. The location is perfect & the food is fantastic. I brought another out of town friend here and we had an excellent experience. The Brussel sprouts and beer flight are my go to starters. This time I tried the rainbow trout which was divine, my friend did the steak plate. We ate every drop and even had dessert which was creme brûlée so so good. EAT HERE, your belly will thank you.
From the moment we stepped in until our final goodbyes, the staff treated us like gold. Daniel our waiter was incredible. At first, I ordered Soft Pretzels. Then Daniel after placing order for my wife's appetizer, gave me the bad news that the kitchen wasn't making pretzels and he apologized. He recommended the Voodoo Chicken Flatbread which was amazing! Daniel was attentive to our dining needs. Great sense of humor. Main dishes was good then here comes the dessert, Russian Imperial Stout ice cream on top of the apple crisp. Instead of the standard one scoop, Daniel have is 2! Delicious! Choice of beers was more than adequate and the explanation of every beer with matching food choices was extremely helpful. Conclusion: Iron Hill Brewery is centrally located, right across the street from the convention center.  Wide variety of quality food and beers. Can be a bit crowded for a date due to noise levels but not annoying. Make reservations. We were seated immediately upon arrival.
My experience at this location was phenomenal! The setup was nice, proper Covid precautions in place staff was top tier! I went with a friend I haven't seen in a while and he said he liked beer but turns out he's a basic bitch . We ordered the coffee stouts, sweet potato fries, and a Margherita pizza. While waiting for the food our server brought over a few tasters from their beer selection I wish I remembered the names but they were delicious. We stayed way passed closing without realizing it and even though they were the closed the staff was really sweet when letting us know they were closed and it was time to go. The only thing I wish this place had parking but that's the price you pay when dining in center city.
Feels a bit chain-restauranty, but had a solid time having a snack and a couple beers. The brews are pretty solid, no GABF gold medalist but plenty of serviceable beers. Good service. Roomy. Decent vibe and ambiance. Food was solid. Drink local!
This was close to the Marriott and thought we would give it a try.  Had the Chorizo dip and the Southwest Egg rolls.  Honestly, the egg rolls had a ton of flavor but there was only two full rolls cut in half for $14.  Not worth the money if you are looking to be food full.  Had the Iron Hill Light and the wife had Bramble berry.  Both solid.  The environment was good.  Relaxed and okay for the family.  We sat at the bar and the bartender was extremely nice, fast and attentive.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.  Its better then a 3 but not a 4.  If 3.5 was around that would be my score.  Since its not, they get a 4 because its closer to 4 then a 3.
Stopped by Iron Hill for a late dinner after spending time in the Fashion District. We were seated immediately but it took a little while for our waiter to get to our table. When the waiter came we ordered beers to start. I ordered the Tangerine Scream and he ordered Bedotter. The Tangerine Scream was pretty good and had a nice tart taste. My boyfriend's beer, however, was delicious and I highly recommend it to anyone that likes Belgian Tripels. As for food they only had the late night menu which was mainly just appetizers. We ordered the Margherita pizza, cheesesteak egg rolls, and Nashville hot chicken sliders. The pizza was okay, we agreed it wasn't the best or worst pizza we ever had. The cheese steak egg rolls were fantastic, probably some of the best I've had. I highly recommend trying them. The chicken sliders were also delicious but I have to say the chicken on them was very skimpy and didn't have much substance; other than that the flavor was excellent. 

Overall, I think I would return to Iron Hill in the future, but probably during their regular menu hours!!
Iron Hill is a microbrewery with delicious bites and exceptional brews. There are multiple locations in the Philadelphia area, however, I took my parents to the location on 12th and Market Street. Both the atmosphere and menu are similar to that of your typical brewery and restaurant. They do offer a variety of beers and are very generous in their taste testings. If you like IPAs, I suggest trying the Philly Special with flavors of tropical fruit and pine.
Fantastic brewery! Our waitress was amazing and we talked beer with her for quite a while. She even gave us a tour of the brew house. The food is great as well. Highly recommend this place. May favorite in Philly so far.
Well, that was a nice escape after feeling a bit claustrophobic across the street in Reading Terminal Market! Pleasantly surprised with a juicy beer and nice lunch after flying into town for a conference. 

As to be expected, they were plenty busy on a summer Monday at noon, especially with plenty of people enjoying the World Cup playing on TV. After a 30 minute wait I was able to sit, relax, and tune into a conference call with my iPhone and earbuds in a booth. It was a bit of chaos at the host stand, but their text system when your table is ready worked great. 

Enjoyed the newly popular glass style with the strawberry hazy IPA, which was a juicy representation of the popular New England craze. Really like the salmon banh mi burger, cooked perfectly and light, with a nice accompaniment of a small salad. 

Solid brewpub with actual food, not just burgers and fries. Good service and nice variety of beers that was not dominated by IPAs. I wasn't planning to stop into Iron Hill, but glad I did upon arrival into town.
Watched LSU beat Alabama while having some good food with great service.  More than just bar food menu. Call ahead or you'll wait awhile because it's a busy place.
This is a chain, which isn't inherently bad, but it does preset my expectations. However, we had a good time. Drinks were good, beers were cold and the food was fair. Chicken sandwich wasn't very impressive, but the philly egg rolls were good. The best part of our experience is because of their service and putting up with our big group.
Went to this establishment for the first time today and I had a wonderful experience. I had nachos and a burger for an entree and the food was prepared very well. The quality of the food was great and all of the produce tasted very fresh. I also enjoyed the set up of the restaurant and being able to see the kitchen from my table. The restaurant was really clean and our waiter was so kind and helpful. I also appreciated how patient the staff was because my party sat and socialized well after we were done eating. I will definitely be eating here again and I recommend this place to anyone who enjoys good quality and great service.
I just stopped in for a beer flight at the bar but the service is excellent, the beers are delicious, and there is a wide variety of things to choose from. I would definitely come back!
I was in town for a few days and happen to walk past this place. My group of four went for dinner on a Wednesday night around 6ish and there were a good amount of people at the bar and at tables. 

The food was absolutely delicious. Everyone in my group loved their meals and we all raved about the brussel sprouts, I highly recommend. I split the goat cheese grilled cheese and falafel burger with my friend. Both were great. 

I dock one star because the service is iffy. We had to ask multiple times for a soda I ordered and for water refills. There were also times when it waiter didn't come over to our table for extended periods.
The food was fine. The service was good. But they played like 2 Pat Benatar songs, 2 Billy Idle songs and not ONE by Stevie Nick's while we were there. I almost asked to speak to the manager.
I used to frequent their Ardmore location back when I attended Villanova U., so I was excited to discover that they also had a spot in Center City! Comprehensive beer menu, friendly service, and perfect mood lighting -- I couldn't really have asked for more. 

I highly recommend getting out of your comfort zone and ordering a flight because they have so many fun and interesting beers on tap. 

I'm also a sucker for sweet potatoes fries and theirs came with two dipping sauces -- a bourbon vanilla cream and a paprika aoli. Can you say bone smack the teeth?? (Aka bon appetit for all you non-memers)
Popped in for a beer and a dessert here.  Iron Hill is the touristy but reliable "craft" brewer in the center of town.  It works in a pinch, but in Philadelphia, unless you're after something they specifically make, you're better served elsewhere.

Pros:

They have an intriguing if slightly mediocre beer selection.  I appreciate that they have standard offers and specific local crafts, great ways to sample and additional wines/cocktails.

Very large menu similar to most chains.  We only stopped by for a dessert/beverage but we weren't disappointed.

The area is large and comfortable.  We were not cramped at all.

Cons:

Service itself was fine, but for some reason it took a long time to get a table, on a Wednesday, after 8pm.  Additionally, we were specifically instructed not to sit at the bar/near the bar area.  It was unclear what high tops were for.  

On that not, our service was slightly slow and seemed to be based on a lack of staffing that night.  I'm not sure if it was convention specific or standard.  

The beer offerings were just okay.  I don't think I was expecting more, but I was hoping the more local/specific offerings would be a little adventurous.  They weren't really, but not worse than similar large breweries nearby.  

My wife ordered a cocktail which was not made properly - it was an old fashioned without, apparently, any simple syrup or sugar.  Very strange, but maybe not that surprising for a beer bar.  

Other notes:  Prices were standard if slightly less expensive than the rest of the area.  

Conclusion:  Iron Hill checks a lot of boxes but feels more touristy and chain-ey than the rest of the developing beer community in Philadelphia.  It's location is ideal for attracting out-of-towners looking for a comfortable spot, but for a local, unless you're looking for reliability, you can do better.  It's fine and I'll probably end up back, but it's hard to justify regularly.
Came here with my boyfriend a few weeks after they opened and he was excited because we always go to Iron Hill by where he lives. 

The service was quick and the food was good. I usually get the lobster flatbread and eat almost the whole thing. My guy loves their beer selection and free beer samples.
Iron Hill Brewery has been expanding relatively quickly so I decided to stop here with a friend to grab some drinks and apps on Memorial Day. I was afraid at first that since it was in Center City I wouldn't be able to find any parking (that I didn't have to sell an organ to pay for), but it is nicely located at the tip of Center City close to Chinatown and the Convention Center and there's always plenty of parking in that area, if not, you can sell your soul for funds to park in an overpriced garage or take public transit which is located right outside the restaurant. It was nice out so we sat on the patio, service was a little slow because there was one server out there, but it was a holiday so I didn't care too much and once he took our order the food and drinks came out relatively quickly. 

We shared the chicken nachos, Rhode Island Calamari, and the Philly Cheesesteak Eggrolls. All were extremely good. For drinks we both had the Tequila Light Sunrise, which I thought was just alright, but the white sangria was much better. They are a brewery so I do think it's safer to go with a beer option (which they had plenty of), but unfortunately I'm not a beer drinker so I passed on it. They offer pairing options for the drinks and create your own flights which is nice. I would definitely come back to Iron Hill Brewery.

OH and there's this really cool swing outside the patio area which is great for photo ops.
Located in a great location right across from the Pennsylvania Convention Center and near public transportation. I was in the city for the Auto Show and wanted to grab some food and drinks before hand, so of course I expected the place to be packed! Knowing there was going to be a wait didn't phase me at all and I was half hoping for a seat at the bar, but no luck that day. But you can still at least order some drinks while you wait to be seated!

Getting here.... I prefer taking public transportation.. I took the Patco and got off at the 8th and Market St stop. But if you prefer to drive, there are several close parking garages and lots available within walking distance!

FOOD/DRINKS
The drinks were good... I'm more of a Porter and Stout gal so I went with their Signature Porter to of course try out their own brews and I was not disappointed. Husband liked his beers as well, he went with one of their seasonal beers (Full Throttle Blonde Ale) and then one of their signature brews (Vienna Red Lager) which he liked more. They do have options for flights so that you can taste a variety and then eventually order a bigger size. They have an option to join their King of the Hill club where it's a one time fee of $15 to get their perks of their beer club and get more beer for your money. Great deal if you love their brews and plan on coming back often.

The food was mediocre, but I also didn't go with anything fancy. I went with their Brewski burger. Their menu said it paired well with my Porter that I chose and I had actually wanted a burger so it worked out well. Didn't wait too long for the food to come out, but I was slightly disappointed. The bottom of my bun came out soggy and my burger was a little underdone. I had asked for it medium well but it was little bit more medium almost medium rare. I didn't complain tho cuz I was starving. But the flavor was good, bacon on it was really crispy. Fries came out good and crispy and well seasoned. My husband got the Drunk Monk Burger and his was better than mine! The mushrooms with the Brie and Rosemary Truffle Aioli that came with the burger went so well together. I would order that next time if I wanted a burger again.

Service
I was pleasantly surprised at how fast we were seated when the line was out the door. I believe they said wait was around 30 minutes but was seated in about 15 minutes. In the beginning after we were seated, it was a little bit slow, which I half expected due to the Auto show being that weekend, but it still took maybe about 15 minutes to even be acknowledged. But once our server came, her name was Aaliyah, it was fine! Took a while to get a smile out of her, but she finally smiled, was friendly and took care of us. So thank you Aaliyah!

Overall, experience was good. Restaurant had plenty of seating and even has lots of options for big groups. Will definitely come back to this location to try more of their items  and more of their brews!
I have always been a fan of Iron Hill Brewery and this location is a great addition. I came here on a Monday late afternoon for their happy hour and I think I have found my new happy hour spot in the city. The happy hour prices can't be beat and since Iron Hill is a brewery first, their craft beers are a must. Became a King (Queen) of the Hill rewards member since I know I'll be frequenting the restaurant now that this location is up. 

I was greeted immediately upon arrival and seated promptly. I ordered a drink and sweet potato fries to start while I waited for the rest of my party to arrive and wow! Highly recommend. The philly cheesesteak rolls were a bit oily but still fantastic. 

Even over the drinks and the food (both excellent) I loved their customer service most of all. Our server Haley was a phenomenal waitress. She brought all of our orders quickly, gave great recommendations and encouraged us to sign up for the King of the Hill rewards program. My cousin mentioned it was my birthday the next day in passing and Haley brought over a complimentary dessert! Matt, one of the managers of this location, came by and personally wished me a happy birthday as well, taking the time to talk to us about the area and about other Iron Hill Breweries in the area.
So I'm a Delaware bitch. Iron Hill was a notable presence on UD campus' main street. I actually thought I heard rumors that it was closing but that might be me getting confused with the closure of another gem (Kildare's, R.I.P.). My GF's sister works here on main street so it comes up in conversation. I didn't pay much mind to Iron Hill's presence in Philadelphia until our accrual of a very generously provided gift card. 

We meant to come for a while but one thing or another would lead us astray. On one of our last nights prior to leaving Philly for another job, we knew it was our last chance. 

We spent all day packing up our things prior to the move and left around 9pm to catch them before the kitchen closes. At that hour, most of the tables were empty and we were able to enjoy a lot of attention from the server. 

We were seated by the window with good seats to observe the homeless man nodding into the street's garbage can. 

There's a lot of good stuff on the menu, just the appetizers alone offer buffalo cauliflower, margherita flatbread, hummus, pretzel sticks, lettuce wraps, guac and much more for my meat-eating friends. We settled on the nachos, brussels sprouts, and my carnivorous GF ordered the philly cheesesteak rolls (bc how could you not?).

The nachos just on presentation alone were scrumptious. The chips were crisp and covered with not just melted cheddar but also that delicious white mexican cheese that resembles crumbled feta (whatever that shit is). There were ACTUAL BEANS and ACTUAL JALAPENOS instead of that pickled shit. There was also a spritz of a delicious, creamy, white sauce. Who doesn't like white, creamy sauce? To top it all off, there were two massive dollops, one of sour cream (creme fraiche if you want to be a fancy bitch) and one of GUAC. Did I mention the diced tomatoes? (that no one really cares about tbh). These were surprisingly good nachos from Iron Hill. 

The brussels sprouts were tasty but nothing special. I did appreciate the pecorino romano dusting on top. The philly cheesesteak rolls, and don't take my word for it because I am an onion-despising vegetarian were meh. My flesh-eating companion, however, enjoyed them tremendously (confirmed verbatim that this comment is not an embellishment). 

I also got a cocktail which I do not recall but it was something with tequila and beer and it was delicious. Their tap menu is also impressive.

OMG I almost forgot that we also ordered the cauliflower tacos which on this particular evening were $1 (taco tuesday). I actually no longer see it on the menu however I do see "thai vegetable lettuce wraps" which appears to be similar, our tacos had an asian flare. 

This is a good place to stop by for a drank (if you're picky or like unusual beers) and a meal!
Decent beer and good food. Ive been in a few times and it's usually packed. Not the case now but they have limited seating and staff so you may have to wait. Attentive staff and the prices are good.  Quinoa salad is excellent and the chicken chowder soup was even better. They have a beer for everyone however I've found most are average.
Went here for a couple beers and apps with a friend. Cool vibe, bar tender was great, tap selection was legit. We got the Philly cheesesteak egg rolls, very good! I got the southwest salad, it was as good as it should be. Definitely recommend as the prices are right for solid beers and food!
All the food at our table was great and came out fairly quickly. Butternut squash soup was incredible and the fried Brussels sprouts were great.
I enjoyed the Nashville fried chicken sliders. Very crispy and spicy. We had a large group and service was excellent. Many people had burgers and said they were very good. Two people got their burgers wrong (over cooked and undercooked) so they  exchanged. The kitchen should have a way of marking them. I will return there and recommend it to friends.
This location was amazing the food was delicious, I had a burger and requested that some things be changed they did it with no issues. My 7yr old is a burger fiend but what took me out is he ate some of my coleslaw and then ate it all he said it was delicious this from a kid who hates all vegetables on this earth. The waiter was amazing with him what I didnt know was they make their own root beer his root beer float was amazing. Definitely will go back.
First off, the hospitality is awesome. From the beginning that my fiancé and I walked through the door we were greeted and seated where we were most comfortable, so we went to the bar. We saw everyone with Brewer's Flights, and decided to inquire. Jared is SUCH an amazing bartender. My fiancé and I are traveling from New York and we definitely don't have something like this back home. Jared told us of the restaurant's history, and he made sure both our flights were personally crafted to our liking. My fiancé even saw him taking down our preferences and matching them with beers. The blueberry yum yum & Brambleberry are our favorites! The manager even saw us with our egg roll sampler tray and explained each and every sauce and roll to us. Btw, the Buffalo sauce is homemade! Chefs kiss. Whenever you're in Philly just ask for Jared at the bar: you will not be disappointed!
We split the seafood bisque which was delish. The waiter was awesome he split our soup because he knew we were sharing. The brews were great. Something for everyone. I ordered the burger salad med rare and it was a little more done than I'd like but it was good. He also noticed we liked IPAs so he brought us an extra sample. He was awesome.
Stopped by here after a very long day at work and travel. It appears this is a new location and as I walked in it was very full. Luckily there was a spot open at the bar. I sat down and ordered what was a delicious in house brew called the Belgian Tripel. Their menu has a lot of enticing offerings, and I ordered the Jaegerschnitzel. Its pan-fried pork cutlets, herbed spaetzle, haricots verts, roasted mushroom With a Wee Heavy Ale sauce.  Unfortunately that's when things went sideways. As I waited for my meal another patron at the bar had ordered at about the same time as I, and his food arrived and next thing I know he's almost done eating and my food is nowhere to be found. As I was bringing this delay to the staffs attention, a manager by the name of Matthew came to me and apologized for the delay in getting my order out. He assured me that it would be out as quick as possible. At that point the wait staff offered me a delicious complimentary cauliflower soup to tide me over and when the meal arrived it was fresh and delicious. I really appreciate him reaching out to me before I had time to complained . Overall The delay hurt my experience, but hopefully this is not the norm as the place and food is very good.
