Isabella's is delicious. Their pizza has just the right amount of cheese and a nice sweet sauce. I especially love their breakfast pizza and that they have breakfast all day. Fast and polite delivery.
Came here for a quick bite and grabbed a slice of cheese.  Reasonably priced - think it was 2 bucks(?).  The sauce was on par.  The crust was okay - felt like it needed some more salt in the dough.  The bottom of the slice was also slightly burnt.   

Overall - standard pizza slice and quick service when you get there
DO NOT GO HERE!!! They are very unprofessional and shady...I wanna give them a negative 5 stars if I could. There's way better food and service elsewhere.
Ordered a wrap and fries to be delivered through GrubHub before I had to rush to work.

It took over an hour for the food to arrive (no big deal, but it seemed a bit long for in between lunch and dinner -- not a very busy time, typically). I got a call from the delivery guy where he was rudely saying "I AM OUTSIDE. OUT. SIDE." I quickly went outside, and he was nowhere to be found. I told him, "I'm outside, but don't see anyone." He continued rudely saying, "OUTSIDE. OUTSIDE. I AM OUTSIDE." After a minute of going back and forth like this a car pulls up (he was NOT outside, evidently), hands me my food and creepily tells me my eyes are beautiful. It was weird and uncomfortable.

The wrap was good, but the fries were insanely greasy. The rude-and-then-uncomfortable delivery confirmed that I won't be ordering from them again, though.
Delivery took forever, staff was rude and unhelpful on the phone because I called after 50 minutes and not after a full hour. When the food finally came an hour and fifteen minutes later (on a Tuesday between 2-3), none of it was hot or seasoned. 

I literally can't fathom how I paid upwards to thirty dollars for this. It's not worth ordering before 3:00. Just wait for Franco's or Marra's to open.
I have family who live close to Is-a-bella and so I'm no stranger to her ways. Never have been crazy about the pizza and the cheese steaks have been so wildly inconsistent in most recent memory that I have put a personal kibosh on making that move again anytime soon...

...but I'll tell you what's what...

 The "Bella Special Hoagie," is a real good sandwich. Every time. 

The Bella Special is delicious with all its sopressata, capicolla, prosciutto, roasted red peppers, and sharp provolone, topped with just some tomato slices and olive oil on sesame-seeded Italian roll. Get that if you're goin.

Bella Special Hoagie, ya never done me wrong. I ain't mad atcha.
Solid, safe, satisfying.

I live down the street and I see myself ordering semi-regularly. I just moved here so it'll be replacing my old go-to pizza/wings/fries place.

The chicken fingers were surprisingly good! They're not the kind you get from every other pizza place. It reminds me of the panko-breaded homemade chicken a family friend from home served. It was juicy real white meat and the breading was tasty and crispy.
Cheese pizza is fair and small enough to accidentally kill all by yourself.
Wings are fine.
Fish and chips was good for the price. Comes with fries and a salad and all so it's a good deal.

edit: and then the next time i got the chicken tenders they were overcooked and hurt the roof of my mouth to bite into ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I'm not sure what is happening to this place. I used to really like it - now I can never tell what I'm going to get. Overcooked, not enough sauce .. so I try and just tel them what I would like - I am a regular and when they had nicer staff they would use my name and say hello and all. Anyway - small pizza just a little extra sauce ... this pizza is a mess and is semi inedible. 

I would call but who are we kidding - have you been in there recently - yelling and shouting kids with attitude and no customer service.

I'm bummed because they used to be a fall back for me on the regular - never again.
I have been on yelp since the summer just to read reviews before frequenting places and this is the first time I've taken a minute to write a review.  A week ago, my gf her two year old and myself ordered from Isabellas.  It was fantastic.  She is particular about her wings and I love my buffalo chicken cheese steak, and both were great.  It's a good feeling when you can make the woman happy after a long week of work.  So, for only the second time we were looking forward to ordering from Isabella's again.  After working all week, we spent our hard earned money on this place, again (I know I'm being a bit dramatic, but it's true, we are all broke and we all work hard in this city).  Ordered the same thing.  After an hour and ten minutes I called just to say, "Hope you didn't forget about us here at (our address)." "Nope, it's on it's way."  Ok good, thanks.  After an hour and a half I called again.  The person answering the phone was polite and explanatory, but I've never had to wait an hour and a half ordering food here in Philly, ever.  I never delivered food.  I have worked at a pizza place.  I know they all work hard.  To their defense, it was rainy, cold and everyone in the world was probably ordering food last night because of the weather.  Only thing is, why not tell us how busy you are so we can weigh our options, not that they could have known, but we had a two year old with us too (very dramatic, again).  When I called the second time, she put me on hold right away, understandable, but I heard her answer another phone and say, "It's on it's way."  Then I overheard her say to a coworker, "Crazy...what a great night."  I just thought that was inappropriate because yes you are making money, but the customers are last on your priority it seemed, and more than a couple people are calling waiting for their food and youre counting your money in your head...anyway, I get it's business.  I gave her my annoying spiel about how I never had to wait so long and blah blah blah and she called the driver while I was on the phone which was nice and he said he was walking up my block so I said great, 10 minutes later he comes to the door.  Not his fault.  The reason I'm writing this review is not so much about the time it took, or the unprofessionalism of the phone answerer not telling us it might take very or long or the fact that it was a 'great night' for her while we, the customers were having not such a great night because of the tardiness...anyway I'm writing the review because  after waiting so long, the food was slop.  Slop. It was opposite of the week before.  My buffalo chicken sandwich had very little chicken, was cold and boring, no seasoning, no flavor, no Blu cheese.  Her wings, were not cooked all the way. Disgusting. The fries we ordered were so lacking...I felt so jipped.  Again, it's not a lot of money, but for some of us it is.  We both actually had 'stomach issues,' soon after.  It was gross.  I called and politely told Isabellas they lost a customer.  I told them I thought we found our 'new place.' I told them that after waiting an hour and a half, although annoying, we all have bad days at our job, but the product was unacceptable.  It was gross.  Again, I understand they were busy, and when I called they blamed 'the cook.' I understand it was rainy and the first cold day of the fall, and everyone was ordering that night.  But the service and the product was unacceptable.  If I was reading this review I'd roll my eyes too.  "Who has time to wright a review like that?" Or "why be so rude?"  And I don't mean to put so much emphasis on a pizza place making or breaking a night.  But with the money spent, the annoyance of waiting, it effected our Friday night in a way a food stores shouldn't.  They could have told us they were going to be long.  They could have prepared the food as if they cared about keeping a customer instead of having "A great night $$"  A cold sandwich? Undercooked chicken wings?? We, here in this city, work hard for our money.  We, Italian Americans, (my gf is Jamaican) revolve our night around our food, so we can talk and eat and laugh together after waiting all week to see each other.  A fun night was a bit effected because of this horrible waiting game and horrible food.  Unacceptable, Isabellas.  Take pride in what you do.  Respect your customers.  Understand the service you decided to dedicate your profession to and do it the right way.  Currently, we are looking for a new place here in S. Philly, (although pizza shack is usually great).  Never did this before.  I know I seem like 'that guy.' And maybe I am....for today.  Hope things change.  Thanks to those who made it this far in reading.
Decent pizza, questionable health practices.

I'm writing this review as I'm standing in the place: so many things come to mind.

Two big issues: someone who appears to be the owner is milling around and almost in the way while dedicated employees are trying to work.

Some millennial, 6 foot 4 beardy dude, partial half owner via marriage or boyfriend of someone in the family is walking around the kitchen eating pizza and bare-handing bacon and many other things as they go into the fryer. The pizza is fine but after seeing how this place operates on a random Tuesday I'm confused and a little grossed out.

Not going back.
Having just moved to South Philly on the 5th of Feb., this was the first pizza/steak/hoagie joint I have tried. My roomies (who are longtime South Philadelphians) ordered from this place the day I moved in. We had both lunch and dinner delivered on that cold, rainy day.

For lunch I had the Bella Special Hoagie (Prosciutto, Soppresata, Capicolla, Roasted Peppers, Sharp Provolone Cheese, Tomato and Olive Oil) and it was delicious. I am not a fan of Roasted Peppers, so I requested them on the side. Well let me tell you -- I am for sure a fan of Isabella's roasted red peppers. They have a ton of garlic in them and are just so fresh and delicious! I also shared some Garlic Butter wings (breaded and unbreaded; I prefer breaded) with one of the roomies and enjoyed every minute of it. OMG I could eat that garlic mixture by itself, it was so good!

For dinner (which was much later in the evening), I ordered a Texas Tommy (I think I was 8 when I had it last) and garlic fries. While the Texas Tommy was superb (lots of bacon! YUM!), the garlic fries were super soggy and oily. I still ate them thanks to the loads of garlic! :) I will never pass up anything overloaded with garlic. 

So for twice in one day, I was really spoiled. The Bella Special was delicious, the wings were yummy and dinner was good!!

I have since ordered their regular Italian Hoagie and fried calamari. The last time I ordered fried calamari from a take out place, it was Big Daddy's Pizza in the NE and the calamari gave me nightmares. Here, at Isabella's, they are fresh rings of calamari with the most delicious breading EVER. And their marinara is quite tasty! Also I have to give a big thumbs up to the hoagie rolls. I don't know if they're delivered or baked on the premises, but they're the right combination of chewy, soft with just a little bit of crunch & the lovely taste of sesame seeds.

And how could I forget the Tomato Bisque soup!! Roomie ordered a quart and I had a spoonful. I was in love. LOVE LOVE LOVED this soup. Thankfully there was enough left over and I was able to finish it off. It's creamy  but once in a while you'll get a nice chunk of tomato. It also has a subtle kick of something spicy.. Maybe crushed red pepper? Whatever it is, it works and this soup is fucking GREAT!

Granted I am new to the area, so I have yet to check out other places, but Isabella Pizza gets 5 stars and a thumbs up from me. Plus, delivery was super fast!
Pizza delivery order.
An hour and a half later no pizza.
Called at an hour and 15 was told it would be right there.
Called back at an hour 40 minutes for refund. Zero apology.
Terrible
Not bad for takeout/delivery.  The chicken cheesesteak hoagie is really good, probably top 3 I've had (better than Ishkabibbles atmo).  Stromboli ain't really a stromboli, more of the calzone posing as one, but still pretty solid.  


A+ fast shipping, great communication, would recommend!
Ants in blue cheese dressing . Only response to issue "thats unfortunate" . Won't be back.
Some things are okay, but mostly you'll get cold, mediocre food. Pizza sauce is so cloyingly sweet it might as well be barbecue sauce. I've given them many chances because they seem nice and they have a nice selection, but they have consistently underwhelmed. MEH.
Yuck. I ordered here this morning for breakfast and will not make that mistake again. I ordered a egg platter and a side of pork roll for myself, an egg and bacon sandwich (no cheese) for my sister who abhors cheese, and a sausage egg and cheese for my mom. It took over an hour to arrive and when it did, my eggs were cold, the home fries were awful, both breakfast sandwiches didn't have cheese, and the egg sandwiches were chopped up pieces of meat mixed in the eggs, like a meat omelet on a roll, except there was about 1 piece of bacon or sausage per long roll. Definitely not worth the wait. Wouldn't recommend.
Their pizza SUCKS. it was burnt, tasted like cardboard with some tomato sauce and a sprinkle of cheese on it. If that's how you like your pizza, well then, be my guest. I tried giving this place a second chance but I won't be ordering from here again. I wish I could get my $17 back.
I have ordered from here so many times. There is a lengthy delivery but the food has always been great so I never minded much. Tonight though, I had the absolute worst experience. I have never dealt with people who were so rude and incompetent. Food was over an hour late when I finally cancelled it. I called twice over the span of that hour and got no apology. They told me the first time that it would be just another 10 minutes. Half an hour later, they said it would be another 10 minutes. The woman said they were busy and hung up on me. I don't care if you are busy. Hire more people if that's the case. Or call the customer and let them know it'll be late so that they know. Also, an apology is necessary when me and my guests are starving. Seriously, don't give these jokers your business. They're awful to their customers.
Guest Eater Kevin Byrne.  Isabella Pizza and Separatist Beer Project are my new favorite Cheesesteak and Brewery pairing.  We got the Cheesesteak Bella.  Nice big well made cheesesteak with Broccoli Rabe, provolone, roasted peppers and a long hot.  Isabella Pizza has an extensive cheesesteak menu.  Spearatist beer project has a diverse beer menu.  They make a great pair.  Everyone should be able to find a favorite beer at Separatist.  If you can't or you drink your way through their entire beer list.  Their mixed drinks sounded pretty tasty.   Separatist Beer Project was host to the 2021 March Cheesesteak Madness final four.
This place is a hit or miss so be careful. We ordered here a few time and it was good. On time and the food was decent for the price. 
But one time, we waited an hour for our order that was never made!!! 
Mind you, we get email and text saying our food is in the making, it's getting prepared, etc. so when it finally said its on its way we were starving. 
But no call after 10 minutes from the driver so we called the restaurant. 
And guess what? The lady who answered said oh, I'm looking at my screen right now and we haven't made your order.   -____- what the actual heck?! We were furious and there was no apology. So we called grub hub and they refunded us our money and gave us a free meal which was great but we were still hungry. After that incident we decided to try again and it was fine. So... It's a hit or miss. Be cautious, I've warned you.
MOLD on the Food! Pictures prove it! 11/2hours for a grilled cheese sandwich, fries and tiramisu. 
Grilled cheese was missing the tomato you pay extra for tomato. 
The fries had to be put in my toaster oven. Ate one and it tasted frost bitten. 
Manager said he'd give store credit. I don't want store credit to eat there again. 
(Side Note) The girl on the phone was trying to rectify the situation. Unfortunately, it hasn't been the first time we've had bad food and waited way to long from this place.
I got a call that they would return my money but not till later in the evening. By then I was over dealing with it. 
I hate to say bad things about small businesses but the managers "credit" was insulting.
I don't know how so many people on here are saying that this food is good. Or that the service is friendly with no 'attytude'. I have never had a pleasant experience when picking up my food, or when on the phone. It seems to me that the girls answering the phones don't know how to properly interact with another human. Maybe it's just me but there are many better options in the same area. 
If franco-luigis wasn't closed on Mondays I would never eat here.
Worst place I've ever ordered from. Very disappointed. Delivery took far too long and when it arrived the food was pretty sad and disappointing. I expect more from somewhere located on passyunk. Their online menu is also not up to date. 

Pizza was greasy and not crispy. Ice cream was melted and had none of the toppings I asked for. Dessert raviolis were just deep fried pieces of wonton. 

Just nope. Do yourself a favor, save your time, and order from somewhere else.
I pretty much order from here for lunch on the regular now. The order taker on the phone is always really nice, as is whatever given delivery person that comes to my door. It always gets to my house promptly and delivery is free with no minimum.

The food isn't super, mindblowingly fantastic, but pretty good with great service and reasonable pricing. It's always delivered "within the hour" as stated.
Ordered the gyro, and they over charged me. When I asked why? They were unpleasant an told me that how much it is. When I pointed out on there menu the correct price. They told me that's not how our computer does it. I told them I would not be back and they just laughed at me. Poor business model.
Good food, but be careful about ordering late. Fiancee and I had always been fine with their delivery, but on one recent occasion, ordered a calzone and small stromboli and received an individual stromboli instead. Made the mistake of not checking until I was inside, and could do nothing about it, since the place was already closed.

Next delivery order, made the same order. First, the delivery driver gave me one correct box but one box that was someone else's order. After making sure he had that one back, opened my order, and the calzone was there; the stromboli wasn't. Again, since the place was already closed, nothing to be done. Will not be ordering from Isabella's again.
Dismal. You know your pizza is going to be a disappointment when you pick up your first slice and all of the toppings flop onto your plate. I teared up. Ordering food here is like taking a shot in the dark.  You honestly never know what you're going to get.

The only redeeming quality of this place is their breakfast sandwiches.  They appear to be the one item on the menu that is impossible to screw up.
Decent pizza but for shame--it's near 100 degrees and I walk in and your employees are dying in the heat next to those ovens. It had to be pushin 120 degrees in there. I am always Leary of businesses who don't value their employee's comfort. Maybe there is something I am missing and your pizza ovens don't operate well with air conditioning though I doubt this is the case since pizza parlors and restaurants all over the city have a/c. I would come back here in a pinch but this totally turned me off to see these 4 men suffering and working and miserable on one of the hottest days of the year. For gosh sakes spring for some air conditioning for them. Their pizza is fine, not out of this world, but stop for a slice if I'm hungry good. And there was no way I was sitting down there to eat my slice.
i placed a grubhub order for delivery TWO hours ago, for a sandwich and fries. i got an update text from grubhub at 2:22 saying that my order should be delivered around 2:35. at 2:55, i called isabella, and the woman on the phone said that the driver had just left, and they were backed up on deliveries, so she didn't know how long it would be. at 3:20, i called back and she still couldn't give me an ETA, nor could she cancel the delivery because the driver was already out with the food. 

i contacted grubhub, who was awesome and refunded my purchase, and cancelled my order with the restaurant. needless to say, i won't be ordering here again. i understand being backordered, but keep your customers in the know if you are running an hour and a half (or more) behind.
If I could give place 0 stars I would. I usually never leave reviews because I for one have worked in the restaurant business for many years. However I'm very disappointed in our food. We found this restaurant on menu123.com and ordered with out reading the reviews. All I can say is smh. We ordered a create your own omelet, side of sausage, side of home fries with a side note please add ketchup and eggs Benedict. I really wanted French toast but I ordered the eggs Benedict anyway. That was our second mistake. An hour later our food arrived. The omelet was ok and the sausage was ok, the home fries sucked and they didn't add ketchup. The ketchup would have made the soggy home fries a little better but I didn't get the option. Now the eggs Benedict that shit was distucting. It was a ladle full of broken hollindaise sauce in the bottom of the container, two soggy English muffins from sitting in a pool of broken egg yokes and sauce, Canadian bacon was the best thing of the meal, and two broken sunny side up eggs. I really don't know why I would order eggs Benedict from a take out place let alone a pizza place. I was really looking forward to breakfast and this really ruined my morning. I threw most of it in the trash. If I had a dog it would have went straight to him.
Ehhhhhhh. It's okay if you're hungry I suppose. 

Me and my roommate were real hungry, and I wanted a roast pork sandwich. 

So we ended up getting two roast pork sandwiches, fried calimari, and two milkshakes.

The roast pork sandwiches were sub-par. The spinach was WAY WAY WAY too garlicy ... this may just be a personal preference though because she seemed to think it was fine. Also, the fried calimari was okay if you're into the all the same size rings that came out a bag frozen kind.

The milkshakes were great, but I don't really see how you can go wrong with a milkshake. 

I'd order here again, but I'd try something else next time. It's raining and we were too lazy to go anywhere so the delivery aspect was nice.
I ordered pasta with pesto that came with a side salad and roll. I also ordered Nutella raviolis. Let me start off with saying the best thing was the salad and roll. The pasta was ok there was barely any pesto on it! The ravioli were suppose to be fried and sprinkled with powdered sugar! The "raviolis" were wontons with a drop of Nutella and chocolate syrup I was highly upset being as though they were $5.50 and that was they only reason why I ordered! I will not be ordering from here again!
Always been a huge fan of Isabella's food in general. We probably order once a month for delivery. This past Friday we were extremely disappointed with the delivery, we received overly burnt Pizza that was barely edible. We ordered buffalo wings and got buffalo shrimp - actually was a good trade off mistake - but was craving the wings.
We also order chicken Parm w/ Linguini which was excellent.

I will be ordering there again, hopefully they check the quality of food before the send it out.
I have been a customer to Isabellas for maybe 7 years now? I will start by saying, yeah there food is pretty good (sometimes) but several things have led me to this 2 star review. The staff is usually pretty nice despite the occasional off-day but the owner is the biggest jackass I have ever had the displeasure of meeting. He refuses to do anything about the broken fans so all of the grease smell that gets in your clothes is amplified by like a million. My daughter worked there for months and she never went near the stove but smelled like the bottom of a bag of Mcdonalds. He hasn't replaced the cash registers since the robbery that happened in June. It is now approaching December... He threatened to fire my daughter If she didn't show up to work even though she never missed a day and the following scheduled day of work the store was closed and nobody bothered to call her. This happened during a 3-day blizzard that she walked 10 blocks through in order to show up. On top of that, he was late to pay several people there on time being several weeks late with paychecks for a number of people. I love the rest of the staff but the owner needs to reassess himself and shave his damn face.
I was never really interested in trying Isabella Pizza until recently, when all our other "go-to" delivery places were closed. Isabella was open, so we gave it a shot.

Impressed! For being one of the last deliveries of the night, I'm sure, we were pleasantly surprised at the pizza and cheesesteak we ordered. The onion rings were not that great, but I am not sure onion rings should ever be delivered. They need to be completely fresh to be enjoyable. Pizza was great, no complaints there, and the cheesesteak was good too. We will definitely order from here again. Delivery was fast as well, and the delivery guy was nice. An overall good experience.
I wish Isabella's had some kind of loyalty program because it's the only pizza place I order from. It's not the be all end all of pizza, but it's damn good. (I highly suggest getting fried eggplant as a topping. You'll never go back to pepperoni again.) The specialty pizzas are consistently stellar and, unlike a lot of other pizza places, there are a lot of vegetarian options. I might not eat meat, but I do like to get fancy with my pizza once in a while. The strombolis and calzones are also pretty good - enough crust that it stays together and enough cheese that I don't feel like I'm getting ripped off.

Their non-pizza offerings can be hit or miss. The cheese fries are great, but the Old Bay fries are overseasoned. I had a pretty gross Italian tuna hoagie, but their seitan cheesesteak is on par with Govinda's. The pasta is usually pretty good but the sauce (especially if it's a cream sauce) can be watery. I'm a big fan of their milkshakes; they have a lot of flavors of ice cream so you can get creative.
Ordered last night and was terribly disappointed. My mini stromboli had no pepperoni or mushrooms as I requested. And my husband's sandwich had no mayo or cheese. Won't order again. Not anytime soon.
Gave it 2 chances - threw menu in recycling bin. Delivery takes too long. Not enough cheese or toppings. I ordered the Supreme - it costs more than a "1 topping" yet there's about the same volume of toppings as a "1 topping". But I love pizza so 2 stars it is.
I remember when Isabella's first opened; the food was delicious and the people who worked there were very friendly.  Now, it's just OK.

I stopped in the other night to get an ice cream cone, and asked for a sugar cone.  What I got was a waffle cone.  I was tired, so didn't address the issue, but I think I' going to look around for another place to get ice cream.
Ordered a large meat pizza via GrubHub over the weekend.  Pizza arrived at my house quickly.  I care about good pizza sauce (and plenty of it) and Isabella's delivered.  Quality meats on the pie, good cheese and a tasty crust.  

Over the last couple months I've been sampling the different Pizza shops in Passyunk and this is at or near the top.  Would definately order from again; their menu is vast.
I get that were now approaching winter, but we had one hot summer. And every hot day I made it to Isabellas I was soaked in sweat in 30 seconds standing in there. 

There was no air conditioning ever, not even a single fan did I notice to create some air slow. Hot dripping employees slay over those grills and register. So I kept it simple and ordered lots of sodas and shakes.

To often was I told there was no ice cream for milkshakes, and they have *Real Milkshakes in bold on the menu as though it's a specialty. It's frustrating when your asking often and nobody cares.

The food is cooked, done. But not tlc here. Not much flavor in the food, and I find that thier fried stuff is over cooked. The food is quality and it's an 'okay' spot to eat.. but I think they need to taste thier own food more often. 

Speed seems to be gain here. You'll get your food fast, it just will lack flavor. When they do have ice cream, the Milkshakes are amazing.

I don't even think they have a sign. Wierd
Ordered for delivery... ordered fried eggplant parm extra sauce on the side. & chicken fingers.. the eggplant was not even cooked or fried and I think it may have been the first layer of the eggplant, the bread was hard yet soft like it was stale and they microwaved it.. the sauce OMG! Disgusting!!! I think they have a new cook because it taste like acid, & the cheese tasted like rubber. The whole sandwich was old and dry.... the chicken fingers were totally burnt! They really fell off! My family and i will never order from here again..
I went to this place twice in the past month. both times same result . BAD FOOD BAD SERVICE! the mussels are bland , chicken taste very cheap, the salads my buddy and I had to send back because they had a lot of brown in there. the table we sat at was not wiped. when we walked in, three people that worked there were looking at a phone laughing , ignoring me standing there waiting to order. here is the funny part. when you go to order, there is no counter room to place an order! I had to move a bucket of straws , napkin holders, etc. just to place an order.. very disorganized. not clean at all! service is a complete joke. food both times was horrible. cherry on the cake, 15 dollars for a chicken sandwich and side salad????  I have been living in south Philadelphia 43 years . I know the good places from the bad. this place is bad!! spend your hard earned money somewhere else
I ordered food from Isabella Pizza just now through grubhub, the delivery was quick but the food was terrible. Don't get the calamari, the quality is not worth it at all. The Greek salad I got was decent though it was basic, the steak on it was dry, hard and hardly had any flavor. The Oreo cake was inedible, so gross. They couldn't even get the drink right, it had some terrible chemical aftertaste. I'm pretty disappointed :/
I ordered at 10:15 PM a pizza that took 1 hour and 30 minutes to arrive. I am 1.2 miles from this place. Think about that before ordering. What do you do when the guy shows up and demands money and the place was been closed for 45 minutes and your food is all cold. You never order again. We all know what happened. I was the last order so I get the cold pizza for the last delivery of the night. Now you don't get a several times a month customer.
I order from Isabella all the time until this time ! I ordered penne alla vodka and when I tried to eat it it tasted like rubbing alcohol. I called to complain and they said they would comp it and as I was putting it in the trash they called backed and said  the owner needed the pasta back for me to get my refund. So now that dinner is ruined I have wasted a total of an hour to get my food and the money of soda delivery and tip. Never again
I'm not sure why Isabella has such low ratings on Yelp. I order from here all the time, and it's consistently good. Their specialty pizzas (especially their Hawaiian and BBQ chicken pizzas) are really good, and the quality of the toppings is always top-notch. Often times after ordering, the staff will call to verify the order and make sure they're making the pizza the way I want it.

I've never set foot in the brick-and-mortar storefront, but I get delivery from here on a regular basis, especially when I have people over at my house. And not only have I never heard a complaint, most of my friends are eager to order from here again the next time they come over.
Bad bad bad. Ordered numerous times and spent enough money for there gross overpriced food. I can't justify it anymore now that I found Santucci's ! Originally my first order I liked the pizza but every time after its so bad one slice would be eaten and the rest thrown out! Nobody in the house would touch it! I've thrown out several $17 pies. The chicken fingers are so dry I could only manage to eat one the rest trash. I'm just sooo happy now we've discovered Santucci's !!
When the fridge is looking uninspiring, I can always be convinced to order a cheese steak, hoagie, or salad from Isabella's! Although we live too close to Franco Luigi's to give them our pizza business, we have ordered pizza from Isabella's and were impressed! (Please don't tell Franco!)

Their menu has such great variety and we always look forward to trying something new. Their wings weren't my favorite this last time...but then again I am on the hunt for the perfect Buffalo Wings! They have a huge breakfast menu and offer lots of Vegetarian and Vegan options which we are excited to check out, too!
A great place to run in and get a quick slice. Also, I love the fact that they have cheesecake to go.

This is my idea of fast food. It's good stuff!
Sorry, but the food is subpar and they don't give a crap about customer loyalty. After my delivery service mess up today, the finally lost a customer for good.
You might think, "just another South Philly pizza joint" (not that that's a bad thing!) but Is-A-Bella is sooo much more. Big menu is nice for variety, but they really CARE about the quality and consistency of their items. Not only do they make delicious food, they make beee-yooo-tee-ful food! 

Hoagies: ask them for whatever you want on yours and that is how they will make it. The Bella Special with balsamic (prociutto, sopprresata, capicolla, sharp provy!) rocks! The Turkey & Cheese, YUM! 

But, let's talk about their piece de resistance: the stromboli! I call it the Stromboli of Love because it is exquisite, visually as well as taste-wise! 

Delivery is always FAST and friendly, and when you call, you ALWAYS get someone nice on the phone, I mean REALLY nice. So many places in Philly think that attytude on the phone is OK, and it ain't (you got that J&J?), and there's always a nice friendly person helping you when you call here! 

And it is clean! Is-A-Bella is not one of those places that you wish you never saw in person...it's clean and neat and tidy and effiecient and you can almost find a spot on the always busy Passyunk Ave to park and run in. 

Oh, and great pizza, too! 

I lived in South Philly for 10 years now, and have ordered my fair share of take out, and I really feel Isabella has earned such an earnest and great review!
This is usually my go to pizza place, but the last few times I have ordered from Isabella's it's been disappointing. They're very inconsistent. I order on July 11 and my pizza looked and tasted like it sat under a heat lamp for a while. The cheese was not melty and cheesy like it should be on pizza. I also ordered on June 26 and it was the total opposite. The pizza was so greasy. The cheese slid right off of the disgustingly greasy crust. The mozzarella sticks were soggy because the marinara was not packaged separately and the container popped open. I'm done giving them chances. I'll be looking for a new go to pizza spot.
Was wanting ice cream so I placed an order through grub hub from this place. Ordered a large Sundae with chocolate syrup, bananas and wet nuts. Received half a cup of ice cream with ice chips in the whipped cream, no bananas with walnuts, not wet walnuts.. Won't be ordering from here again
We really love this place!! Its your average so philly mix menu but outside of a fre misses their sandwiches are delicious from steak, pork w rabe, gravy (brown)fries my ex NC  area boy just dies for and let me tell you they do a damn good excellent on pasta & lot of it esp LoVe their meat sauce!!! +u get roll salad or soup & even down to the sm bit of grated cheese to shake on top‼ their garlic knots one best tasty not bland or dry.. hoagies great even pizza down as well as their small thin tomato pie greek pizza their wings other hot sandwiches meatball chicken etc the franchise price seems go up often but seems all are lately. Never have had gripe w/ delivery but now then & rare seem to forget a item or dont listen correct to u when u order by phone as to details

Update! One negative yet again this past week 8/1 order messed up if i order spaghetti i dont want fetucchini et linguini call if not avail as some pasta i dont eat don't assume & substitute!!!
Really disappointed, as this place had been tip-top previously.  The food was probably great when it left the restaurant, but it arrived cold and pulverized.  Nobody wants to have to scrape cheese off the inside of the box and try to re-assemble their food and then re-heat it.  I essentially paid for ingredients.  The preparation was on me.
We've ordered from this place a hundred times. The food is nothing to really write home about, but it's relatively cheap, quick(ish) and close to home. 

Today, my chicken cutlet parm sandwich had hair IN IT. Not one little fur that could've possibly come from my dog... multiple pieces of hair, one being long. I called to (1) let them know that they are serving food with hair in it, and (2) to try and get a refund. My solutions from them were - I could have another sandwich if I brought this hairy one back OR I could have store credit. I wanted my $9 back for the sandwich and no store credit because, really, I'm not ordering from there again. When I told the girl on the phone that I probably won't be back, she relayed the message to the owner or manager (who wouldn't just get on the phone and talk to me himself?), he responded "she won't be back? Ok, thanks. Bye." LOL Dude - I'm doing YOU a favor letting you know you're serving hairy sandwiches. Your food isn't good enough to be such a jerk.
Well we got our stimulus check and decided to splurge; Tried here again and those high prices we saw last time seem to have normalized. The calzone was good,and the list of desserts was something different.
Ordered from here many, many times and always the same, 2 different salads and cheesesteak. Never had a problem till tonite - opened up one salad and a small "bug" jumped up. And it does and can happen, I get it...Needless to say, wasn't going to eat any of the other food. Contacted restaurant regarding bug/baby roach  and was told manager wasn't there -call back in 20 minutes! What? Contacted GrubHub, only received credit for said salad w/bug. Called back Isabellas and was told they would send a driver back to retrieve all food for full credit. What?-it is in trash can, but seriously?? Ok, don't want credit for cheesesteak but credit for both salads would not happen according to manager. Wow. Saved this pic from what popped out of salad- what is that?
I ordered pizza from here through GrubHub, and I thought it was the best pizza I've had in Philly so far. I enjoyed having the option of wheat crust, and the sauce was sweet, which I prefer. The next day, I decided to stop by to order some food in person and to also compliment them on the pizza. The person at the counter seemed annoyed, and, when I mentioned the pizza being the best I had had so far in the city, I was told that I hadn't tried enough yet. Yikes! I order a special sandwich to go, and I waited for quite some time before it was ready. I promptly left with my order to eat it somewhere outside. It was delicious!

My advice would be to order delivery from here, either through GrubHub or their website. That way, you can enjoy the delicious food without having to deal with some questionable customer service.
I've ordered here a few times almost could be a regular. the pizza is fine but everything else on the menu could use work. the cashiers have horrible attitudes and the cashiers should know the menu, they seem like they don't know what you are even ordering. the orders I've got are always packaged horrible with little to no sauce or utensils. i would love to support a local business but they need so much work. 

don't recommend.
