Isgro Pastries is a South Philadelphia land mark, an icon that has stood the test of time since 1904, and has been killing it ever since. Yes that's right, 115 years and counting. That is called winning right there my Yelp family.    

You have got to love a place where you walk in with empty hands, and leave with a box, or boxes of pastries. From cookies, cakes, and specialties like their cannoli. Their cannoli can be filled with mascarpone, ricotta, or even chocolate.  Even their different variations of fruit tarts, and torte will make you crave for more. Isgro's rum infused delights, like a rum brick, rum baba, a pesca alle creme, that just makes you want to howl at the moon. 

My personal favorite is the ever so lovely, seductive pastry with that enticingly beautiful lobster tail shape. What is my obsession? My addiction? My kryptonite? It is an Isgro Sfogliatelle. An euphoric bliss of pleasures rushing to your taste bud with every bite into that flaky pastry. Filled with ricotta cheese with hints of vanilla, and orange to it that will handcuff you. Simply orgasmic with that powdered sugar sprinkled over top like it was a gift from a high power. This will forever be my love.  

What will be the outcome from this adventure of all adventures you ask? Happy faces reacting to the different varieties of deliciousness that Isgro's has to offer. Isgro's you've got us hooked, this is where you separate the fools from the diabetics.

This crew over here at Isgro's Pastries do an amazing job in feeding our addiction,  accommodating to our sweet guilty pleasures.

 Mind you, during the holidays Isgro's has a line when you get there, so please don't be intimidated by it. If you pass on it, you basically made a huge mistake. What is best about this line is as you wait, employees will come out and feed you. You know you need to keep that energy up, and why not with some delicious samples of their pastries. If the weather is a bit nippy, Isgro's has a table set up with piping hot coffee to keep you warm . Not to worry, if you need some of that "extra octane" to keep that motivation going.  Isgro's will send out their employees with a tray of generous sized samples of liquor to keep you warm, and in that "jovial spirit". They loved my silly ass when I was double fisting  Sambucca, and Amaretto. (You need to be 21+ of course.)

"Isgro, potresti avere altri 100 anni di successo!" I will translate to my non speaking, or reading Italians out there. "Isgro, may you have another 100 years of success." 

With love on this Valentines day,
-Nando
Chomp, chomp, snarfle, crunch, slurp. 

That is my dramatic interpretation of me scarfing down one of their cannolis. Lemme tell ya - it was a life-altering experience. LIFE-ALTERING, I say! Creamy, crunchy and flavorful, just like a real cannoli should be. 

The only thing keeping me from granting Isgro's the coveted five star status are the prices. Ouch. A little steep for my liking, but I won't complain - it just might be the only thing keeping me from going there on a regular basis. And I am not prepared to buy a new wardrobe to support what my body-by-pastry would look like.
I can't believe I'm saying this but I had my very first experience at Isgro's yesterday. I'm sure I've had their pastries before as they're a Philly institution, but yesterday marked my first visit to the store for my own order. 

I placed an order by phone on Friday for a mini desserts tray that would serve 10-15 people for an event on Monday. I said I would stop by in the afternoon to pick it up, but I was out a bit earlier than expected, and got there around 1:30. The tray was nearly finished but the mini cannolis still needed to be stuffed. To me, this was a good sign because cannolis definitely have a shelf life. 

The tray was gorgeous and had really nice variety: cannoli, cream puffs, pumpkin cheesecake, coconut brownies, eclairs, and more. The mini sizes were great so you could try a couple at a time. My first pick was a cannoli and it was phenomenal. I'm not typically a big cannoli person but Isgro's may have converted me - their shell was crispy crunchy and the filling had that light ricotta taste with enough sweetness to give it depth. The chocolate chips capping each side were just right. 

I will definitely think of Isgro's the next time I'm having a party and need some sweets!
Isgro Pastries has 2 truly great things about them and 2 extremely bad things about them. The great things are: 
1 Isgro has many delicious baked goods. 
2 Isgro is open late.
The bad things about them are:
1 Isgro has many delicious baked goods. 
2 Isgro is open late. 
Depending on your priorities,  it may work for you,  it works for me because quoting a friend "I'm not in it for a long time,  I'm in it for a good time "
And if you enjoy delicious,  well made traditional Italian pastries,  then Isgro's Pastries is the place for you.  I love their Neapolitan pastry,  the creamy cheese cakes,  cookies,  delicate cannoli's  (especially the chocolate ones) and a wonderful Italian style rum cake. The rum cake is silky smooth with a delicious icing and gently soaked in smooth rum. Some folks aren't used to wet cake,  but for me it was a revelation.  Along with a Thai herbal cake, they are my favorite birthday cakes 
If you go to Isgro's Pastries I dare you to go in there and not want to purchase something,  if you don't you ain't human.
Great pastries-  orgasmic even .  I give them 5 stars for  everything  they make.  Honest /fair/stable pricing of the merchandise is the issue with  this review.  I went into the shop alone  and was charged $15  for 2 cannoli and a babarum cake ( single  serving size) in addition to  being ignored  by 3 women behind the counter ( I was the only customer  in the store). No prices listed on any of the items.  I had a gut feeling I was  being  charged  "the not-from-the-neighborhood" rate.  So I went back with a guy friend and  we bought the exact same items and were charged $12.50    


Price gouging- it really sucks whenever  and wherever it happens (  this has happened at other businesses in Philly too ( sad to say)  and it is a real shame because  if this place would  have an UPFRONT  price list   displayed  on their items and play fair I would  be  coming back again and again.
What can I say about Isgro that hasn't been said already?  This is one of the Italian 'traditional' bakeries in South Philadelphia for generations.  By 'traditional' I mean that my 83 year old fathers' birthday cake came from them, the cookies served at my christening 32 years later came from them, and the cannoli served at my nephew's first holy communion came from them.  

As with any South Philadelphia business that has stayed in business this long, Isgro knows what they do well, and they do that continuously. So when my dear friend and I were down in South Philly and craved cannoli, we knew where to go.

Typical for South Philly is that the parking is challenging and it's not unusual to find 'creative' parking solutions (double parking, maybe that could be a spot).  We found a spot about a block away though, which was nice.  Going in is like going back in time, it's very unchanged from years ago, and there's a comfort in that. It smells of flour and cake baking, which is comforting.   I ordered a pound of assorted cookies for a shiva call I was making the next day and we both got a cannoli. The service was as usual, they were very busy, staff was efficient and businesslike. 

The cannoli were heavenly, not overly sweet, nice crisp shell that collapsed nicely as the treat was eaten.  Yum. The cookies were received well and I managed to get a couple too, again not overly sweet with a texture that almost dissolves in my mouth.  Yeah, that good.

I am looking forward to enjoying Isgro over and over again.  They're a pillar of delicious tradition in a sea of constant change. Here's to another 100 years and more generations of our family incorporating their treats in our lives.
***This bakery features very renowned cannoli; I enjoyed it, but I am not sure if the cannoli here stood out compared to other cannoli I have had at nice Italian restaurants; I have not been to many Italian bakeries so maybe Isgro's cannoli is significantly better than most Italian bakeries***

This Italian bakery has a great old school, neighborhood feel to it.  It features all kinds of cakes, Italian desserts, pastries, and butter cookies.  I tried their cannoli, which is very well known.  This dessert consisted of a fried pastry shell filled with ricotta mascarpone cream and chocolate chips.  It was good.  The pastry shell was crispy while the filling was sweet and creamy.

I have only really had cannoli at Italian restaurants and Isgro's version failed to live up to those restaurants because the filling just was not as smooth or creamy.  The cannoli at Valentino in Los Angeles also has a much lighter and more flavorful pastry shell.  Still, Isgro's cannoli may hold up very well to other Italian bakeries.

Service was good.  Prices were okay--not cheap but not too expensive either.

If you are a fan of Italian bakeries or cannoli, Isgro is worth trying.  If you primarily frequent artisan bakeries, you might be disappointed with the offerings here.

You can find free street parking in the nearby residential area.
I ooh and ah over from the moment I got inside the bakery. 
I was in the area , and I always wanted to try their cookies, nothing in particular, so I got half pound of mix-and-match cookies. They were as sweet as the lady who helped me.
Boy oh boy! I won't stop till I get enough, and I never get enough with sweets! Straight to the Hips, Baby!!


Five Yelps and a treat.
Look up apple pie in the dictionary[1] and you'll find Isgro's apple pie.

Their pies contain a near-perfect balance of sweetness, firmness in their crust, and savory apples. Even after a night in the fridge, you'll want more.

If you bring me a pie, I'll pay you. And even share some.


[1] I found out that "apple pie" is actually in the dictionary. Sadly Isgro's hasn't yet made it into Merriam-Webster.
While walking around the 9th street Italian market we had to take a small detour a couple of blocks and stop in and try their award winning pastries. Inside, the place is small, but they pack a big punch with a huge assortment of pastries, cakes, cannoli and so much more. 

We opted to try their Sfogliatella (lobster tail) and a cannoli. The lobster tail was nice and crispy, great flavor and a nice flavorful custard filling. The cannoli was outstanding! The shell was fresh and crisp, the filling was so light and airy not overly sweet, just perfect! If these two options were great I can just imagine how exceptional all the other offerings will be.
I love walking by this place because you can just smell all the sweetness baking. Such cute and delicious desserts! They have an abundance of cakes you can try, as well as cookies, cannolis, elephant ears, and cupcakes. The tiramisu is awesome but I'd prefer maybe a little more cake in it. It's a pretty light dessert so I'll be getting it again and again. We also tried the strawberry cheesecake, which was also good. The crust is yummy but I'd pick the tiramisu over this. A slice or dessert will run you around 4-5 bucks. :)  YUM!
Oh boy. What an experience! The service is surly, but that's not the main problem, because those overpriced pastries taste as good as Chinatown: cheap ingredients and no price is on display and...You don't get a receipt, either , unless you ask and then get a dirty look from the cashier. At least in Chinatown 3-4 times cheaper for the same quality . And here the cashier makes her own price according to her mood.
 If you want a FRESH croissant, go to Capogiro: you pay $1 after 5pm and the taste is HEAVENLY.
And what kind of bakery doesn't have any savory pastries except for stale croissants?
I'll never come back and not sure what the fuss is all about.
This review is limited to Isgro's wedding cakes.  I ordered a wedding cake from here for my wedding and was overall disappointed.  Our wedding venue offered three different places to order our wedding cake from - and we chose Isgro's based on recommendations saying it would be delicious.

The Look:  Granted, we knew that our cake would not be the most elegant coming from Isgro's - but we were sorely disappointed even on top of our diminished expectation.  We paid extra to have sugar orchids cascading on our layers.  The consultant, nice older lady, said the sugar flowers would be tastefully colored on the tips of the petals - unfortunately we received a "traffic light" cake.  Our colors were red and yellow and the flowers were not tastefully colored.  The flowers were garishly colored in the middle and not tastefully brushed just on the tips.  The brightly colored green leaves added to the effect to create an ugly "traffic light" effect.  We were told we would have our red ribbon placed around the base of each of our layers, but our cake showed up with no ribbon and white pearls instead.  What is the point of coming to a consultation, explaining what you want your cake to look like, and paying additionally money to ensure a beautiful cake - when you are given a "traffic light" cake.

The Taste:  Their claim to fame is their moist pound cake.  During the tasting as well as the cake that was deliver for the wedding - we found the cake good but nothing special.  I would expect an equivalent deliciousness from pound cake bought at the grocery store.  The icing again, is good but nothing special.

The Overall Impression:  If you have any care or specification of what you want your wedding cake to look like (as you should), I would not get the cake from here.  The cake is not delicious enough to make up for its terrible styling.  It is a real disappointment because you will always remember your wedding cake.  Don't let this memory be a nightmare.
There's not an occasion that goes by where I don't order a Tiramisu cake from Isgro. You won't find any better Tiramisu in this city and if you do, message me so I can try it. 

The cake comes with the little lady fingers and wrapped a nice ribbon. On top there are chocolate shavings and fluffy cream. It's dreamy. As you can see, they even write things on it if you want. 

The only issue I have with this place is the location. I can never find parking in South Philly so I always have to bring along a friend to hop out and get the cake while I double park, so you should plan accordingly. 

I've personally recommended this place to no less than 5 people in real life and they've gotten their Tiramisu cakes from here exclusively. Do your taste buds a favor and go get one!
The best tiramisu I've ever had was in, no joke, South Korea in 2005.

Until I had the tiramisu cake from Isgro. 

I've been up and down Italy and tried tiramisu in many places; no winners. This was seriously the BEST tiramisu I've had, hands down (I figured this out 10 minutes after I was telling friends about my Korea experience). Not too sweet, not too strong with the alcohol, and light and fluffy. I'm drooling right now just thinking about it!
My first experience at a Philadelphia bakery and first time at the market in philly in general. 
You can smell this bakery from the street. Smells so good it draws you in. Once inside, the smell is even stronger. Everything looks so good it's impossible to make a decision. 

But really.... 
This was hands down the best cannoli I've ever had in my life. Please do yourself a favor and try one.

The shell was crisp and flavorful. Filling was also fresh and really good. Someone in our group had a cannoli that did not have any chocolate chips in the filling, but mine had plenty. My guess is the filling was not mixed fully before being put inside the shells.
I drive from Media to shop. There are a few good south Philly bakeries that have opened satellite stores in the burbs but I've found nothing can beat a drive to south Philly for  the real experience. Suburbanites quit whining about parking please. This is the CITY!. And besides our car butts need a multi block walk.
100 years in business so get in line and enjoy...And YES the staff are part of the glorious experience.
The cases are filled with delights only a true bakery can provide.
I've given it 5 stars from previous visits but more importantly: the pizzelles ( sic) I forgot and left in he freezing car a week ago were consumed today. Everyone loved them and gave them thumbs up.  Imagine how good they would have been on the purchase date.
Update: 
Six years later I still drive all the way in from Media. Delaware County. 
Unfortunately for me I forget to check in when I'm here but I've probably been here 30 times in six years. It's always  a "must stop in " 
Whenever I'm in this part of south Philly. And frankly when I have a craving for something great I just get in the car and drive to Isgros. 
Some Of my suburban friends are now doing the same thing.

They've been in business over 100 years. Here's to 100 more!
Home of the best Cannolis ever! I'm normally not big on dessert but holy crap is this the real deal. When I used to live 3 blocks away the inviting smell made it super hard to resist. I'd say I miss being that near to it, but at the same time I don't miss having to burn off all of those extra calories that living so close put on.

Isgro's is definitely the real deal pastry shop. which is exactly why it earned the approval of Luciano Pavarotti, and so many others. it's store front is a timeless part of the Italian Market, and it's service makes it well worth the visit.
I probably should have reviewed Isgro's before Termini's since I prefer their pastries (by a hair), but oh well. Isgro's was the best thing about St Mary Magdalene merging with St Paul's (more opportunities to implore my mom or mom-mom to stop in) and the worst thing about Dr Regni's office (seriously, a dentist right near a pastry shop?). My memories here are way to numerous, but do yourself a favor and stop into Isgro's as often as you possibly can. Their biscotti are perfection, as is their cream cake (actually all of their cakes, even their american-ish ones). Sfogliatelle = my favorite thing ever with their cannoli (note: CANNOLI IS PLURAL!!) stepping up right behind them. Actually, all of their creams in general are the best, no matter what form they take. My only complaint is that I wish that they sold their St Joseph's cake in mid-March only. Coming home to a zeppoli always made the end of winter special. Having it any time of year seems almost wrong to me. :)
We visited to get some tyramisu and we ended getting a variety of different desserts. I don't have complains and I would go back to try more because their selection was good. Have I had better desserts at Italian pastry shops? 

Yes. For example in my tyramisu the whipped cream was overpowering the mascarpone cream which was really delightful.
Holy cannoli!

I'm not a huge fan of cannolis to begin with -- or anything overly sweet for that matter -- but the creamy ricotta in this sweet Sicilian treat was sublime! YUM. Perfect fluff to dense ratio, and just the right amount of sweetness. The crisp, golden pastry shell was also drizzled in a generous amount of chocolate. Really divine. 

My friends also ordered a mini strawberry cheesecake and Italian Torrone nougat to-go, as the shop didn't have any seating. The candy nougat was new for me. I like how it had a subtle taste with a nice chew + crunch from the pistachios.

Forget the cheesesteaks while in Philly... get yourself to Isgro!
Oh, Isgro's, why do you have to be located so close to my apartment?  Sometimes on my walk home, the wind catches in just the right way and I can smell your deliciousness before I get to my house.  It's simply unfair because then I HAVE to walk there and get something.
 
I don't think I've ever had anything bad from Isgro's.  Their danishes are sublime first thing in the morning; apple is my favorite.  You can never go wrong with a cupcake with a huge pile of frosting on top and their cakes do not disappoint.  Some of my favorite things to get are the pizelle cookies, the ricotta cookies, and the plain yellow cupcake (usually decorated with rainbow jimmies).  They do special order cakes and cannoli platters for parties and have tons of cookie platters around the holidays.

If I had to list any issues, it'd be the way they take orders.  They have one of those deli wheels where you take a number, but no one uses it and people tend to jump ahead of me in line (I guess I look like a push over and I'm too nice to say something).
Isgro makes good Italian cakes & pastries, no doubt about it.  But sop do a lot of other places, and they probably do it a little nicer.  The people who work here are a little off-putting.  I went in for my cake tasting and they looked at me like I have three heads...apparently cake tasting is a novel idea?  Then they apparently didn't listen too well, because when I got my wedding cake, the design looked NOTHING like what I asked for.  In their defense, it tasted great though.
Cannolis, cakes, cookies, cream puffs oh my...

I have recently discovered my sweet tooth. It was always lurking in the shadows but for over 20 years I considered myself a salt over sweet kinda gal. However, I can no longer truthfully say that and Isgro's has for certain contributed to this change.

To make matters worse, Isgro's provides quite possibly over 30 different varieties of baked goods. I have tried maybe half of those. The prices seem a bit steep at first but you can easily fill a box of cannolis and cakes and another box of mixed cookies for around $20. The cannolis are great, not the best I've ever had but I come from a town known for its cannoli so that's only fair. The cookies are awesome and for someone who could normally care less about a simple butter cookie, I would give my right arm for one of the butter cookies topped with sprinkles. The chocolate cakes are rich and wonderful. The cream puffs are standard good (although eat them right away because they don't fare well over time). And the raspberry thumbprint cookies are seriously out of this world.

Writing this review is just making me want to head down to the Italian Market for another visit. If you're smart, I might see you there!
I heard about this small Italian bakery, Isgo Pastries, from a friend. So, during the Italian Market Festival, I decided to stop by their booth. There were so many delicious-looking pastries and I couldn't decide what to get since I had already eaten a cannoli from somewhere else. I was recommended to try the Pesca Alla Crème.

I was certainly impressed by the pastry! It was definitely different from the type I usually go for, which had a nice balance of sweet, peach-flavored cream and sugar-sprinkled cake. They even made it look like a whole peach.  I love how their recipes haven't changed since they opened, which was back in 1904. It made it feel more authentic and I'd love to try their other treats another time.
Great variety of desserts and an assortment of freshly made Italian cookies. The venue isn't large by any means so the 20+ people crammed in front of me made for an uncomfortable wait. I visited near Easter weekend and the cakes were flying off the shelf! Their was an interesting gooey bread that I wanted to try but walked away with an assortment of goodies.
Just thinking about Isgro's makes me smile.

I was born in South Philly and grew up eating Italian cookies at Christmas time, most probably from here. During my first year back in Philly (2015), a friend who knew I didn't drive took me around South Philly to some of the 'highlight' places-Anatasi's and Isgro being two of those. 

We got to Isgro on a Saturday at mid-day and while the store was crowded (no surprise), they still had the old system in place of taking a number, looking at the goods, mentally drooling and planning just how much one could buy and eat, and making small talk with other patrons who were waiting as well. I doubt the shop has changed all that much since I was a kid. It's old fashioned and felt like coming home.

I didn't wait long to hear my number called. The woman who helped me was what I call 'Philly gruff;' she was doing her job and she was no nonsense about it. I started by telling her I wanted 3 pounds of mixed cookies and I knew which ones I wanted. I listed them for her and she pointed out that a few varieties were more expensive than the standard cookies. I said 'expense be damned!,' she laughed out loud and after that, made a few suggestions of her own, especially after I told her this was my first year back home after being out West for too long. She told me I could purchase a tin of cookies already made up, but I said these were for me, not a gift and I liked being about to have only 2 of one thing but 7 of something else. A few people who were waiting to be served called out suggestions to me; ultimately I wound up buying 5 pounds of cookies. Maybe I was upsold, maybe I was greedy, maybe it was the nostalgia and warm camaraderie of being back in my old neighborhood-nevertheless the pignoli, raspberry Italian, old fashion Italian, chocolate Italian, chocolate dipped apricot fingers, raspberry filled butter cookies, almond dream cookie, ricotta cookies, black and whites, the various butter cookies with sprinkles, fruit filled goodies and a side of several cannolis looked and smelled exactly like what I grew up with. I tipped the woman who'd waited on me and offered thanks and happy holiday greetings to the folks who'd called out selections I 'needed' to buy. I bought the friend who drove me a few mini pastries for being a good sport.

Boxes and bags in hand, we hurried out in the cold to her car, cranked the heat up, found a radio station playing Christmas music and spent a wordless, blissful 10 minutes devouring some of the purchases, creating a lot of sweet crumbs and saying 'mmmmmmmm' through smiling, powdered sugar coated lips.
Best Italian Pastry bakery in South Philly, which makes it the best one in America. The Chocolate Banana Mousse Cake is BANANAS! Seriously one of the greatest things you could ever do to your body! Give it a couple slices of that. The Strawberry Shortcake is goddamn ridiculous! And the cookies are far and away the best in the city. Well worth the $15 per pound price. The place kicks ass! You got generations of Italian Ladies fighting over each other behind the counter. It doesn't get better than that.

The only drawback, and this detracts nothing from the place itself, is that a lot of the customers there are self-important douche bags who have made a pilgrimage from Shittytown, PennJerDel and think they need to sample everything in the case or tell the ladies some bullshit story about how their grandmother lived next door to an Italian lady. Just shut up, order your cookies and keep the line moving.  Thank you.
​Isgro's is the kind of place that when you get home and realize that they accidentally gave you the wrong cookie, you love them anyway!

I used to live around the corner but moved away nearly 15 years ago. I got off the flight from Florida and drove straight there for a cannoli.

I spied the Pastachine and asked for four, I got down the block and realized the young​ lady had given me four Pignolia Cookies. And they were AMAZING.

The cannoli shell was crisp and crunchy​, the filling was smooth and creamy with just a touch of sweetness, and it was dusted with powdered sugar.

Everything I remembered and everything I craved.
Simply amazing.  On most days you'll smell this place before you get near as they have a ventilation fan from the basement that blows the sweet smells of an Italian pastry kitchen into the street air.

I've been to quite a few Italian pastries shops and this place is beautifully maintained with a top notch display of their pastries.  They have a large selection of cakes, cookies, custards, breads, and of course around the Christian holidays you'll find special seasonal items too.  For a place on the outskirts of the Italian Market, on a Saturday afternoon (with good weather a week before Easter), there was a line nearly out the door.

There aren't prices listed on anything so you basically just going to have to let your senses guide you to what you want and just open your wallet when it's time to pay.  (Example: $7 for a chocolate mousse cannoli and an almond horn.)  Prices are rather steep.  But to their owner's credit, I think showing prices next to the items would really make you lose your appetite.

Make sure you stop in the area if you can while strolling through the Italian Market section.
Great torrone, it was definitely the best thing I purchased. They only make one variety, which contains pistachios and almonds. It was moister than any other Italian torrone I've had, the texture is more marshmallow than taffy. I thought it was better the second day, the flavors developed a bit overnight. 

The almond horn was heaven to me because it was like a big amaretti cookie. If you love almond, you will adore these. 

I was not as impressed with the Sfogliatelle, I thought it should have been a bit more tender. I usually love the texture of this pastry, but the layers were a bit thick. 

Over all, everything was really good and I'll definitely be back to try the cannoli. Normally, I'm not one to complain about price, but I do think $19 is a lot to pay for two pastries and three little pieces of torrone.
I had tried an Isgro cannolo once before when someone brought a bunch into work one day. I remember trying it and thinking, "that might've been the best cannolo I've ever had..." Since then, I kept meaning to stop down and stroll through Italian market, and I'm so glad I made the time this weekend!

When I walked in on a Saturday afternoon, the line was a couple groups long, all looking for boxes of butter cookies and pastries. When it was my turn, I went with two traditional cannoli, a chocolate mousse cannolo, and a napoleon. I like how they give you the choice of powdered sugar on the cannoli... a lot of places already drown them in it. Pro tip: always powdered sugar.

On my walk back home, I couldn't help but eat one of the cannoli. It was just as I remembered it: perfectly sweet but not overly sweet, with a crisp shell that crumbles as you eat it, yet still stays in tact until the last bite. I waited to share the rest.

Later that night after dinner, we had a pastry tasting. The chocolate mousse cannolo was somewhat disappointing and the filling was a little flavorless... the best part about it was the hardened chocolate shell. Next, the napoleon. Where I come from, there isn't typically any berry jam in a napoleon, just creme and puff pastry. While it wasn't what I'm used to, it was a welcome surprise and was delicious overall.

If the other pastry options are anything like the cannoli and napoleon, I am excited to go back and try more soon!
so i was walking my way to sabrina's today...and my nose led me astray.  what is this, i ask?  Isgro pastries?
so after i eat a very tasty meal at sabrina's, i stop here.  it looks delicious.  it smells delicious.  cannolis, strawberry shortcake, tiramisu, butter cookies, oh my.
i got a cup of tiramisu.  i got an elephant ear.  and a tiny bag (i think 6 total) of biscotti to go with my morning coffee.  grand total?  $14.  my friend got butter cookies.  $16 for a pound?  what?  whoa.  and hence, the missing star.
Word on the block was that Isgro's was carrying Pope face cookies in honor of the World Meeting of Families. So I got on the phone to confirm the rumor (true), then I immediately hopped in my car and parked in the loading zone and loaded up. While I was there I got an assortment of other cookies since Il Papa's face was a cool $5 bucks each (!). 
Let me tell you, my coworkers loved ALL the cookies. My favorite were the white dipped chocolate butter cookies. They're a good reason-- no GREAT reason-- to ruin your figure. Did I mention the raspberry italian cookies?! Oof. Delicious soft bites of perfection.

Come, load up, and SHARE.
Last week I had a cannoli from Termini. This week I decided to compare them to this legendary spot in the city. 

The Isgro cannoli is certainly nothing to sneeze at. It's pretty amazing. I devoured a chocolate chip one happily. 

To be fair, I personally like Termini just a tick better. But it's like a 1A and a 1B at this point. You're not going to go wrong. 

But where Isgro stands out is the cookies. These are truly special. I sampled a ricotta and a traditional Italian. This is where I believe Isgro has truly earned their reputation. I'd drive in from Delco for these cookies anytime.
We had a totally negative experience here.  The woman behind the counter was rude and nasty,   the cookies were grossly overpriced and simply bad.  

At $26 per pound, the pignoli cookies tasted of cheap imitation almond extract.  The Regina cookies tasted old and dusty, as though the sesame seeds were well past their use by date.   

Never again.
And this I will add... You know when you get an impostor black and white cookie, and you explode in anger by throwing it against the nearest wall? Well, don't worry. You won't have to get yourself all worked-up like that here. These are good. 

Black and white cookies ain't even a Philly thing! And Lordy knows there are so many bunk renditions to be found even in the beloved boroughs of origin. Homeland hankerins satisfied. Wonderful. Black and white cookies: another reason I love you, Isgros. So they're happily added to my bakery order when company comes a-callin', along with that pound of mixed butter cookies, the sfogliatelle and canoli galore.
i'm not giving out the five stars lightly here, this place is everything it should be and evrything you want it to be.  the smell alone from blocks away is enough for a star or two, but he selection  and flavor get the rest.  i think they do have the best connoli in south phila, not to take anything away from termini bros. anytime i go in here i buy at least 4 things, and whenever we have a birthday at work, we head straight to isgros. its easy to see why they've been open over a hundred years. take your mom or daughter, it will be remembered.
I live right by this place and have been going there for quite sometime now. And every time I don't know why I even bother- HORRIBLE customer service. This time, it was my last draw. Every time I go in there, no one ever says HELLO and it is always a unwelcoming feeling. The young lady asked me "what do I want" after waiting there for a moment. She picks up the cannoli with no gloves on and hands it to me. She did not look like she wanted to be there or help. I really wanted to say no thank you but I changed my mind about the purchase, but I did not. As soon as we left, my bf said WOW I can't believe you go there because the service is horrible from the moment we stepped into the bakery! He's completely right. 

I will be taking my business else where. Philadelphia is full of incredible talent. Although this establish has been there for sometime now, bakeries are popping up everywhere throughout the city that offer great customer services and delicious treats! And just like any business establishment, if no change improve business will decline and customers look elsewhere!
For my 100th review, I wanted to write it for a place that really is as good as it gets. If you have not had the pleasure already, meet Isgro's. THE place in Philly for cannolis, pignolis, and anything else with an -oli. My family has been coming here for generations and I can assure you that the quality and authenticity of all the baked goods is spot on. It is worth waiting in line for hours on holidays to score those cannolis for the table. The cannolis are very traditional, and not too sweet! Another wonder of Isgros is their fruit tart. It is seriously unbelievable, and arguably my favorite treat there. Go here and experience the wonder for yourself!
I walked up to the door excited about fetching my cookies for the first time, and there was a man cleaning the windows. He was a little stinky so I assumed he didn't work at this location, but he opened the door for me and was very polite so I didn't give it a second thought. Shortly after I walked in and was waiting in line, the same gentleman came in and stood waiting for the attention of the many ladies working behind the counter. At one point the eldest of the women pulled out fifteen dollars from the register and handed it to him. He said thank you and left.... and as soon as the door closed all of the women working started bitching and moaning about this man and how he didn't deserve the small amount of money he earned... and this was in front of all the customers waiting in line. For a solid 5 minutes, the "ladies" continued to discuss in front of everyone how they disagreed with Michael (I assume the manager or owner) for giving this man fifteen dollars every saturday when he came to clean the windows. They complained that he doesn't even clean the door (which I saw him do) and belittled him. It was very sad and disheartening to see people acting this way and it made me want to take my business elsewhere. I did decide to stay and order my cookies, but I'm not proud of it. I ordered 6 Pignoli, and 6 rocky road cookies, and was then after a 5 minute wait given half a pound of pignoli. They were so busy complaining that they couldn't even get my order right. And they messed up another gentleman's order who was waiting in line as well. Priorities, Ladies....

SO I got my 12 cookies, and after paying $25 for them, I can help but wonder WHAT THE FUCK is wrong with these people for complaining about helping a man who needs the money, when they are raping my wallet for baked goods. Id rather eat a box of chips ahoy cookies for $4 than give these bitches another dime. Oh. And I think  there is raisins in the rocky road cookies, and its weird. Maybe they should call them rocky racist cookies.
um.  Do yourself a favor, go here, and get yourself some cannolis.

Yes, more than one, because this pastry of perfection has to be consumed in multiples.  Get all the flavors available, but start with the ricotta first and then thank me later.   

Sweet baby jesus, these are so damn good they'll make you convulse. Best cannolis in town (you heard it here), hands down!
We were wandering around the Italian market and I wanted to try a cannoli. I felt really overwhelmed with all the stores there, so my friend asked a local for a recommendation, which led us to Isgro Pastries! Can't go wrong with a local's tip.

Isgro's is a short walk from the Italian Market. Small mom and pop shop, but boy do they have all sorts of delicious dessert assortments! 

I really wanted to get a box of different types of desserts, but my stomach could only handle one cannoli. It was $5.25 for the mascarpone cannoli. It was the most perfect cannoli I've ever eaten! The shell was just the right amount of crunch and the filling was light and airy, not overly sweet, either.

This was the first cannoli I ate and I will always remember how good it was! I'm a fan of cannolis now thanks to Isgro's Pastries!

Isgro's is a must try spot if you're around the Italian Market!

FYI: Minimum $10 to use card, so bring cash.
This bakery is over 100 years old!!!! They must be doing something right! Thankfully when we went it was raining so the line was not long.  The location is off the main 9th Avenue strip, but definitely worth the detour.

I ordered the marscapone cheese cannoli.  It was SOOOOOOO good.  I bought the third to last one of the day! Thats how fast they go! I highly recommend it!

I also ordered a pear tart.  Also delicious!

They have lots of choices of baked goods that you can see through the window displays. The prices are on the expensive side, but its totally worth it! I wish I had ordered more to eat!
This is a classic, absolute classic, old school Italian bakery. Not too many of those left!

When it comes to pastry I'm a complete slut. For breakfast had a marscapone cannoli and a lobster tail. And for dessert... a sfoigletelle (which is probably completely mis-spelled). Good thing I already had a cup of coffee or I could have gone into the most blissful sugar coma ever. 

All pastries were fantastic. The bakery itself and the goodies in the display cases are fantastic. And the ladies working there... fabulous.
Let me preface this review by saying that I'm not a big fan of cannolis yet I've been to Modern Pastry and Mike's Pastry in Boston after many rave reviews which I thought were good.  Until now....My husband and I stumbled onto this small bakery because we needed to bring something for our hosts for Thanksgiving.  Well, we hit the jackpot because the cannolis were indescribably delicious!  They were so good that we bought more the next day and forgot to eat the pumpkin pie that I cooked!
before i was lucky enough to have a sabrina's right in my own backyard, i used to go to the one on christian. however, because the line was always back up to center city, we'd dick around and take a walk while we waited. 

that was before i knew about isgro's. then we never had to dick around anymore because we walked to isgro's, got cannolis to go, (leave the gun, take the cannoli) and by the time we drooled all over the front of the display cases it was time to eat. 

a+
$4.00 for a cannoli?  Yikes!  But then you eat it & YUM... 

It's definitely a 5 star cannoli, but the kinda high price & slightly grumpy ladies behind the counter bring it down to a 4.  Granted, if I had to wait on indecisive people trying to decide exactly which cookies they want all day long, I might be a little cranky too.  

We also love love love their Tiramisu cake.  A great special occasion idea for birthday dinners and the like.  Parking is a pain, but I think there is a loading zone out front that I have taken advantage of from time to time.
I'm not a huge dessert person and Isgro Pastries left me overwhelmed and doubting my simple order. I was so tempted to order so much more! 

I went to pick up a cannoli and tiramisu for Valentine's Day. I wasn't alone. The place was packed with others looking for V-Day sweets. 

Although I hear the crowds are the norm. I thought I'd be waiting forever, but it actually took about 10 minutes for this sweet older lady to take my order. My visit was slightly after 3pm, which is one the later side to get fresh bread in the Italian Market. The lady helping me was more than happy to give me recommendations of how to track down a loaf of bread. 

Back to the important part of the story: my dessert. They were fantastic and everything good cannoli and tiramisu should be. 

Isgro Pasteries is now my official Italian Market dessert spot.
Ricotta cannoli is highly recommended, great crispy shells.
Everything here looks very enticing. The papal s'more has a beautiful browning of the marshmallow.
Isgro is an authentic delicous italian bake shop just a block away from the italian market. 

The good: First, you get to experience the delicious aroma of baked goods before you step inside the store! Next, The baked goods are absolutely delicious. They have a wide variety of treats from cannolis to small cakes to tea biscuits. The cannolis are absolutely delicious. 

The bad: sadly, they really don't have any seating so you can't sit and eat your delicious test, which I guess means you can just eat it on your trip around the italian market which isn't sooooo bad! =)
Best place in the Italian market for freshly made baked goods! This place gets busy, but it's no lie - they're amazing. They're decorated in an old diner kind of style with a black and white tiled floor. Everything is baked fresh each day and I have never left disappointed with what I ordered. 

I often go just to pick up 2-3 cookies at a time, but they're great for picking up treats for a party or celebration. They also bake and decorate custom-made cakes for weddings, anniversaries, birthdays and more! They have the best carrot cake! 

Every time I'm down in this part of the city, I can't resist making a stop at Isgro's! It's a great place to bring people who have never been to Philadelphia!
My wife and I decided to spend a weekend in Philadelphia just to get away and check out the city. Growing up in Cleveland Ohio, I have enjoyed many fine Italian pasteries over the years and have a particular liking for cannolis.  We found Isgro almost by accident while driving through the area so we stopped in.. and boy was it worth it.  First of all, the selection was immense, with custard, tiramisu, cookies, and cannolis.  I tried a cannoil which had mascaparone filling--a pleasant deviation form the tradiotional ricotta style--and their version was fabulous. I also tried an almond rum square, similar to traditional Italian cassata cake, and it was equally gratifying.  The only downside to this otherwise upscale bakery would have to be the high price of their goods.  Other than that, I would reccomend it to anyone who enjoys authentic Italian pasteries.
Ok, granted, I would give just about any place that sold cannolis 5 stars.  But whoa.  These are some delicious 5 starred confections.  D-lish.  Every individually made cake, tarte, and mousse creation I've tried is wonderful.  I only have one complaint, although I still purchase them based on craving and proximity to my house, the cookies.  It seems that just about every single cookie recipe is inundated with anise.  It's almost the only ingredient I can taste.  Perhaps it's my personal palate and my inexperienced Italian bakery tastebuds, but it's a bit over the top for me.  They're not bad...but this is my observation.  I still purchase the yum that is Isgro's on a regular basis.
What kind of lunatic could ever imagine a rating lower than five stars for Isgro?

You could complain about the small space, or the inevitable wait for your number to be called - but those are just adding to the anticipation, and frankly, giving you more time to make up your mind (or lose it trying to decide). This place churns out some of the sweetest, most attractive desserts I've ever encountered, from their creamy tiramisu to their cheesesteak-sized eclair to even their fruit tart. Everything tastes like it was made for the Godfather himself to eat.

Freakin love South Philly.
The best the best. The marscarpone cannolis might be made straight from Jesus' fingers. Parking sucks around here but hey, it's South Philly, it's what happens.
I had the misfortune of trying the cannoli here. 

The cannolo was terrible!  It had an artifically flavoured filling with the texture of canned pudding instead of genuine ricotta, which is what good cannoli ought to be filled with. Pastry part was okay, with a crispy texture.

The cannolo was also surprisingly expensive, direly overpriced for the quality. 

If you like your cannoli tasting like they came out of a supermarket can of pudding, this is the place for you.
Best cannolis. Best zeppolis. Really good cookies and pizelles too.
And the service! The sweet ladies behind the counter will box every order, even if it's just a couple of cannolis. I have risked parking tickets to get my fix whenever I'm in town. 

Drive past Isgro's around Easter or Christmas and look at the line out the door and down the street.  There's a reason why the ratings are so high for this place, and they've been there for 100+ years.
I just wanted to first off say thank you for your wonderful service. It's so refreshing to see a family owned place that after becoming popular isn't full of themselves. 

They have so many different varieties you can choose from. 10-15 cookie options. Chocolates, vanilla, raspberry, almond.... You name it! 

I bought their limenchello, fruit tart, and their signature ricotta filled cannoli. I also got a few cookies as well. Needless to say between my family and i nothing lasted more than 10 minutes. 

Their Ricotta cookies are amazing!!! I didn't even know you could make cookies like this. And man oh man their cannoli's are sooooo amazing. 

I'm so happy this establishment is here. Never leave me!!!!!
A friend recommended this place to me. It was my first time visit the week before Thanksgiving, and it was visibly busy. When walk in make sure you pull a ticket number as they go in order.

This location has lots of history, apparently open since 1904. I had the chance to try their butter cookies, canolis, creme brulee and coconut custard pie. All were delicious but my favorite was the coconut custard pie. It was very fresh, soft custard, flaky crust. Best I've had in a long time. Prices are fair as well. 

Parking may be a challenge as it's near residential zone but I believe there are 2-3 spot specifically for Isgros.
Best cannolis ever! If you can serve me a crisp, non soggy cannoli that is completely filled with decadent cream, not like those other places that only put cream on the ends, in the last hour of a huge street festival, then you more than deserve the title of BEST EVER! I now have yet another reason to go back to South Philly.
Isgro is the king of South Philly pastry shops. I don't know if I need to say anything else.
I had been meaning to visit a real Italian bakery, and had the opportunity during the Italian Market Festival. I want everyone to know that it was here that I had the best chocolate chip cannoli of my entire life.

Planning on moving close to here...watch out! This could get serious.
Eveyting were good but price is high! The sweetness level could be reduced....

Key lime tart at $7.99 should have been $5.99.

Donuts and other stuff looks great
You want Italian pastries? Isgros. Enough said. 

Ever since I moved to Philly six years ago, everyone tells me to stop by here if I'm in the Italian market or south Philadelphia area. 

I've tried several of their cookies and they've all been good. I'm partial to the jam filled ones. 

Cannolis are a wonderful gift to bring to a dinner party. You will be so popular.
Isgro is quintessential italian.  The smell is overwhelming.  It hits you and you can't walk out until you purchase something.

3 stars though?  Why?  Why not 4?  Isgro is overly expensive.  They sell homemade Torrone for $29.99 a lb.  DiBruno Bros, who make a better product sell it for $17.99- $19.99 a lb.  Their pastries, especially the Sfogliatella is excellent.  Certainly one of the best I've ever had.

The cannoli's are world famous.  They shouldn't be.  They really are good, but the city has better offerings.

The service is slow and you always wind up feeling like they are doing you a favor
I grew up outside of Boston knowing that if you want a cannoli, you go to Mike's in the North End.  All of that changed when I went to Isgro's for the first time on my birthday (April 18 - send me presents!!). I couldn't help but go back a few weeks later. Can't get enough of the cannolis or the butter cookies here! Seriously a gem of the city.. and maybe even THE WORLD.
Isgro's was a dream come true when we walked in! First bakery and I found Isgro on yelp---yelp has not let me down yet. *yay* So we walk in and our eyes and hearts are going crazy.......1 tiramisu, 2 cannoli, 1 strawberry cheesecake, and 1 napolean--yes- we actually got all of that...i just ate the cannoli- i said GOT DAMN! yum..........
Isgros is one of those old timey Italian bakeries that is a neighborhood fixture. I love visiting the Italian market on 9th Street and always make a stop at Isgros. I can never leave there spending less than $40, because they aren't in my neighborhood I stockpile, which makes my happy initially but then sad later because I stuff my face. My first Isgros visit was 15 years ago with a friend who bought 2lbs of raspberry filled cookies (for a party). OMG, they were good, and the pignoli cookies are out of this world. Im not a cannoli person (whaaa?) but I'm told they are 'molto bene'! I especially enjoy observing all of the friendly neighborhood people standing in line and ordering, many have Italian American accents, and I imagine many of their family generations have shopped here over the 100+ years they've been open, it's fantastic! Awesome authentic Italian bakery, go!
The cupcakes always have a decorative ring on the top that goes along with whatever holiday or season it is. My favorite is the halloween jack o lantern rings. I eat the cupcake in it's entirety, then lick the remaining icing off of the pumpkin and then stick it on my ring finger like I just got engaged. 
I used to look forward to any holiday or birthday celebration cause the cakes and pies would always come from here. And I knew that if I took the short walk with my mom, I'd get the cupcake and the ring.
i tried isgro out from suggestions from other yelpers and it was probably the best thing i have done in awhile. There was a good size line and I had to wait about 20 minutes, but they gave us samples of their butter cookies while we waited. I not so proudly have to admit I fought with a group of 10y/o over them. I have been to isgro 6 times since my original visit about 6 weeks ago, and at this rate i will be a d cup by Christmas. The strawberry shortcake, cheese canolli, fruit tarts and cookies are phenomenal. If god baked he would make isgro's strawberry ricotta cheesecake. It is lighter tasting than your traditional thick and creamy Brooklyn cheesecake, but believe me when u bite into a slice it feels like a bunch of happiness dancing in your mouth. Light, creamy and some of the most fresh tasting strawberries my wee little mouth has ever tasted....yeah a guy prob should never say light, creamy and mouth in the same sentence.
I love Isgro Pastries!  The Italian cookie selection is delicious and full of freshly-baked, melt-in-your-mouth, buttery cookies.  They make the best cannolis I've ever had and my next visit I will try their homemade pizzelles!  Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is that the prices are a little high.  But it is a great occasional treat to go there.
We stopped in for some yum yum after dinner. The ladies working here were friendly and helpful. We got a cannolo, a mini ricotta cheesecake and a lobster tail. Everything tasted fresh & delicious. The shop is cute and they have all their yumminess on display to tempt you. I do wish that they would offer cannolini for those days that I just need a little bitty something sweet. Plus, let's face it. There is no ladylike way to eat a cannolo. :) I always end up looking like a kid eating and Ice Cream cone. Ricotta all over my face. But then again, that's not such a bad thing. Is it? 

I do need to go back & try those lovely cookies!
Their cookies were spectacular. So much so, the picture I've uploaded is missing half its contents. A must go-to when bringing desserts for friends.
A 2020 habit has become slowly working my way through the pastries of Isgro ... a place I have biked by many a time, enjoying the waft of sugary bakery smell as I pass. But it took this year to become an acolyte of the cannoli, a patron of the pastry... The shop (at this time) allows a couple people inside at a time, and/or you can pre-order via the app (there's a first-time order discount code!).
This is without question the best bakery in the northeast, of the United States! I have no doubt that the cannolis are the best and may be the top 2 ever between the mascarpone cheese and traditional. The cookies are stellar and the cakes are Devine. There is one catch, they know they are he best so expect a line and not so efficient workers at the counter, although there was one employee that was hustling when I visited. Another intangible was that the family tradition is all around you there, including the next generation of bakers, as he was telling us his favorite pastries, hence the mascarpone cannoli. Go! No chance of being disappointed. I've even convinced my in laws from New York, who know good bakeries agree with me.
Isgro is amazing. I lived in Philly for a year and would always take my out-of-town friends to Isgro. If you have a sweet tooth, if you have a craving, if you want the best cannoli in town, go to Isgro. They have a great selection, fairly fast service, and are amazing for catering.
It is quite surprising that after living in Philadelphia for three years, running by this shop on a regular basis, it required a world-wide pandemic for me to shop at this well known gem after doors began to re-open. Truth be told, I've always been partial towards Asian bakeries, with preferences for subtle sweet treats over extravagant desserts, but Isgro managed to convince me to reconsider.

Due to the regular interruptions from COVID, the store hours and entrance policies may change regularly, but as for mid-July, they allowed 4 people to come into the store without pre-ordering the treats online. The store staff are friendly, knowledgeable and clearly worked extra hard during the pandemic to ensure their daily supply of baked goodies. My favorite, of course, is the tiramisu cups, which had numerous layers of dense cream, soft wafers and topped off with a little espresso bean. We also tried the peach-shaped cake, the raspberry ganache, but I personally found them to be too singular in their flavor profile and too rich for my taste.

Overall, I think this is one of the must-visit sites if you like Italian pastries and worth the trip to the legendary South Street when you visit Philly! Wear a mask!
Our company orders birthday cakes from Isgro's and they are absolutely fabulous. I am a sucker for classic birthday cake with vanilla frosting...and they DELIVER.

Can't wait to go get Italian cookies and a cannoli! The other reviews and phtos are making me hungry.
Pros: very good pastries, an "institution."

Drawbacks: however, possibly due to its "institutional" status, it's not cheap, has frowning service, and it's difficult to find parking close by.  

Also, I often seem to go there when it's closed (I'm a visitor so not tuned into its schedule, so like others have said, call ahead to make sure it's open).
The BEST lightest crispiest ricotta cannoli you'll ever have. Only downside is that they're a little too expensive... and its impossible to get them around a holiday without camping out all day.
What a cozy place! It was jammed packed which made me even more excited to get inside. The service was very friendly and the place was covered with colorful Easter decorations. The cookies we got were nice and chewy and cannolis were filled with deliciousness
I've only ever gotten cannoli here, but what wonderful cannoli it was! It's not too sweet, as cannoli can sometimes be, and I'm told they don't use granulated sugar so the filling is perfectly smooth. The outside is flaky but never dry, and the result is always magic in my mouth.  They sometimes have free samples out, which are very generous sizes and always heavenly. If you have an Italian grandmother who isn't nearby, this bakery will satisfy your need for her cannoli.
Dropped by Isgro to grab a cannoli for a comparative study with that of Tremini. I got the Ricotta Cannoli and objectively have to declared that the one from Tremini was superior. 

The shell of the Isgro's cannoli was thick and soft from being refrigerated. The ricotta cream was also a lot sweeter than that of Tremini's. You can easily taste the higher sugar content of the cream. 

Now don't get me wrong, I will happily eat cannolis from Isgro. But if asked the agile question of which one is better, my answer will always be Tremini's.
I finally tried Isgro's and you know what? I didn't like it - I LOVED it.  First of all, don't let the crowd deter your quest to browse all the goodies (because most likely, it will be crowded).  They have sooooo many amazing delicacies to choose from, it's hard to choose just one.  Which is why we chose three on a particular visit.

First, we had to get a cannoli because you can't be an Isgro virgin and not try a cannoli.  We settled on the mascarpone and it did not disappoint.  Next, we tried a marcarpone eclair (see a theme here?!)  This was my favorite.  So smooth and creamy, everything was perfect.  

All I can say is, it's a good thing I have to hop on my bike to visit Isgro's, or I'd be putting on some serious lb's!
This place is fantastic. Pricey, but fantastic. We walked into the small shop last weekend as friends of us directed us there and had built it up. Often times I am disappointed in situations like these, but I was not this time. 

We ordered a bunch of things, mostly out of the refrigerated case. As recommended, we tried both the marscapone and ricotta cannoli which were out of this world delicious. I love good cannoli and these were outstanding. I think a lot of people underestimate the magic of fantastic cannoli because they are fairly simple, and thus easy to make an average quality cannoli and very difficult to make and above average or excellent cannoli. What raises a cannoli to these heights? Mostly the cream and partially the shell. Both kinds were perfect on both ends. In all my years of cannoli eating, I don't think I've EVER had a better one. (I have also never been to Italy). I would say these cannoli are better than Ferrara's in New York City. 

Other notable things worth trying were the lobster tails (flaky dough filled with cream) and Italian rum cake (super rum-my). Had some other things that were OK, just not all that amazing, including this think that looked like a peach, some pistachio cookies, this cheese filled danish thingy. I know I ordered a fruit tart and i don't remember eating it. They either forgot to put it in or it wasn't that memorable. Anyways, this place is not cheap. I ordered a box of stuff, came out to around $50, so you should be careful if you are watching you wallet. 

Will definitely return when I'm in the area. Will definitely make a visit here as part of the reason for visiting this area. I am not a huge fan of chocolate mousse cannoli, which they also had, but with their track record, I'm sure it will be fantastic, too.
I have been going to this bakeries for years !!! I love their tiramisu cake !! I have picked up a cake for many occasions: birthdays, going away parties, and this year Friendsgiving !! Their tiramisu cake is not heavy, well balanced and very delish ! Another item I like from this bakery is their fruit tart (love the custard and fresh fruits ) . Let's not forget about the ricotta cookies !!! They look very plain, but once you try them, they are moist and sooo delish !! Their ricotta cannolis are bomb too !!!
Probably the best Italian cookies I have had, sorry Mrs. DiDinato. I challenge you to walk on the block, walk by and not have to get something.
Isgro Pastries... over 100 yrs in business and if you drop by u will know why, I must admit they have the BEST Cannolisin south philly. Even better then Termini's. There cookies are expensive but well worth it.

They stuff the cannolis to order and a grandmother like figure does this with much love and care.

They haave 3 flavors... chocolate, vanilla and ricotta. Try the last one.
i'm probably the one only here who picked up a bill of $50 dessert in one visit for one person. i'm not fat and greedy; i just thought to get this and that because boy, they look familiarly scrumptious. i pointed what i want without knowing i needed to stop! i'm out of budget! realizing, i could not make myself face it that this is not right; i would not subject myself again to spend this much. yes indeed, they are good and that is why there are crowded but really - do i have to suffer to eat good and are they really better to charge this much? it pains me. reassessing, they are popular in the area but they are overrated. this is just like the philly cheesesteak of gino's, center city - trap.
I absolutely love this place!! My favorite place in philly for pastries or birthday cakes! I always go for either mascarpone eclair or baba rum (both to die for) but their banana strawberry cake, tiramisu and chocolate birthday cakes are great too. If its your first time def go for the eclair!!!
I heart their ricotta and chocolate covered cannoli, they also make a good version of one of my favorite italian cookies pignolis, which are almond cookies coated with roasted pinenuts.  They also have these beautiful specialty cakes such as the "peaches and cream", tiramisu, creme brulee, and strawberry ricotta cheesecake.  Really good quality pastries, only wish the prices were more reasonable.
I used to live at 15th and Catharine and sometimes would walk to the Italian Market's Spice Corner to procure loose teas. Consequently, I'd walk past Isgro. I swear they pump the delicious bakery smells into the street to entice you into coming inside. One day I couldn't resist. I went inside, and it was glorious.

There were cookies, tortes, éclairs, and little cakes as far as I could see. There were also MANY people. I ended up leaving with cannolis and carrot cake, two of my favs. After I ate my purchases I realized why the place was so full. It's definitely work a look!
Isgro is my favorite bakery. Their cannolis, sfogliatelle and cookies are all top notch and authentic italian. Their non-italian stuff is great too. they make the best tart i've ever had, and their Easter bread is amazing. 

It's worth walking around in the neighborhood just for the smell wafting through the streets.
While at 9th and Christian, my nose detected the delightful aroma of fresh baked cookies mingling with sweet and moist cakes. Being the fat kid that I am, I made it my mission to find the source. This is an ode to the delicious smell wafting out of Isgro's.

I spotted Isgro's when I reached 10th and Christian and I accelerated my pace. No time to dilly dally and waste when there is a bakery involved. 

The wedding dress and cake in the window furthered my resolve and desire to make the delicious smell turn into a delicious taste in my mouth.

Though the line was long, it did not matter. I listened to the banter between fellow Italian-Americans (well... close enough. My boyfriend is Italian). The smell and the family setting satiated my desire until I reached the front of the line and ordered my delicious pastry. 

Walking out, I could not restrain myself. I placed a morsel in my mouth.

I died and went to heaven. Oh the perfect death....
I have to be honest--I've never actually set foot in Isgro. The place perfumes my entire neighborhood with the sweet smell of pizelles and cannoli, and I know that stepping inside would destroy any semblance of willpower that I have. Luckily for me, my girlfriend makes regular weekend visits there and brings me the most delicious pastries--apple and cherry danishes, sticky buns, bear claws and more. Yum!
OMG!! WE had actually went to have brunch at Sabrina's , 1/2 block away, then the aroma -made us follow, to this fabulous bakery, & the line was crazy, love, love their cannolis, heck, all kinds of flavors, & huge. Brought one for my mom, she & I love cannolis. 
Would definitely return -again. Just parking is little crazy around that area.
I need to stop walking/biking/driving anywhere near this place, I can't stop myself from being lured into this sticky sweet classic shop. 

The butter cookies? My vice, show up with those to my house with those and I'll feed your cat and change the litter every time you're out of town.
We were looking for a place to buy a specialty cake for my boyfriend's mom's bday. Yelped this place and decided to check it out. We went on a Saturday, a few people in there. We took a number and browsed the selection, and they have quite a selection! We looked at the cakes, they looked high end and gorgeous. My bf's mom was definitely going to love any of these cakes. As our number was called, we decided to go with the tiramisu cake, a cream puff and a cannoli. There weren't any prices on the bakes goods, so I was guessing that the tiramisu cake was going to be around $35-40. It was $25! So I felt like I was getting a good deal. 
The cream puff was on point with the right amount of sweetness. The cannoli was pretty good too. But the star was definitely the tiramisu cake...... good God. I've had tiramisu plenty of times before and I always felt disappointed because it always looked better than it tasted. Not in this case! So delicious, the cake part was so moist, I think it was soaked in some type of liquid/syrup or something. And the cookies that lined the outside were still nice and crispy.
Love this place, when I'm back in Philly, I definitely will come by again.
