Such an incredible time last night celebrating my birthday  with a party of 8 at this intimate Turkish BYOB in Queen Village! It was an excellent choice as everyone told me! Thanks Yelp! You make me look so good sometimes. 

Our group ran a tad late and it wasn't an issue at all. We were seated towards the back beyond the candle lit two tops in a space reserved for large parties. This place was a breeze and such a great choice for a larger party!! Highly recommend for group dining!! 

It's decorated with traditional Turkish cooking ware, patterned tile floors and definitely had some ambiance. Perfect. 

Our bottles (it's BYO!) were taken, opened and placed in ice buckets on the table immediately. Water was filled and we were presented with a complimentary spicy chickpea lettuce wrap app before we even started. How nice! It was delish!! 

Our table consisted of a vegan, vegetarians and carnivores alike. All were satisfied greatly!!

 The large salads, mixed meze plate (Combination of Abugannush, Acili Ezme, Haydari, Saksuka, Hummus & Russian Salad) and veggie borek were delicious and what to stick with if you're plant-based! Even the pita wedges which kept coming out fresh and hot every time we turned around was perfectly grilled and delicious! 

Some of the fam (the meat eaters) ordered the "Mix Plate" which can accommodate 2,3 or 4 people. It comes with lamb chops, chicken cutlets, Kasap kofte (mixed meat-beef and lamb) and beef kabobs. It also a comes with one of each salad, rice, grilled veggies and our waiter let the crew swap out a house salad for calamari. So much food! This is by far the way to go if you're hungry and looking for more of an experience. Our awesome waiter also informed us that these salads and sides would be enough to feed the veg-heads who ordred just a few smaller plates as well. 

Everyone absolutely raved about the food!! The noises coming from the gang were actually a tad embarrassing! Lots of moaning, "oohing" and "ahhing". Minor complaint would be that the beef was a tad dry, but nothing they count fix with a dip in one of the sauces provided. Other than that, they said the meat was to die for. Another fan favorite was the red onion salad! We all couldn't get enough!! Really, everything was eaten completely and well loved! 

Our waiter Iyiki was phenomenal! He was so incredibly personal, sweet and kind. He made menu suggestions, explained in detail what everything was, and even plated dishes separately for those with dietary restrictions without having to ask. He made sure we knew what was spicy for the kiddos too. 

He even sang "Happy Birthday" to me in Turkish when he presented me with their pistachio baklava (which was also complimentary) split into bite sized pieces with sparkler candles. Everyone said it was THE BEST baklava they've EVER had!!! He insisted on taking a family photo of us all also. We all commented what an asset Iyiki was to our meal!! Fantastic!! 

The meal was so reasonably priced for the size of our party Ana for the insane amount of food we were given. 

I would love to come back and we all would recommend for a different dining experience! Especially for larger parties. It was overall, a truly great time! 

*We had no issues booking a large group via Yelp even last minute. A credit/debit card is required for booking a party of this size and $10 will be charged if you cancel less than 48 hrs before your reservation time. 

**We found a spot right out front on 6th! Others were available on Bainbridge. Unmetered Street. Bike parking also.
Immediately stood out: Excellent Service. It's hard to come by now days, and was really appreciated. Second: We enjoyed the food!! It's definitely authentic and flavorful; as most have noted. I would say the portions were a tad on the smaller side but since we ate family style, it was a nice experience. Definitely order their mixed grill if you aren't sure what to get; can't go wrong with that. Their Bronzino was so tender and delicious. Might not be a regular go-to for me, because of cost. But nice to go and try. Decor was nice; but nicer in their online pictures (main level). I almost wish the same owner and cook would open a small grab-and-go eatery. Enjoy!
A very hot and new Mediterranean restaurant in Bella Vista, and I am spreading the news like Peanut Butter or Nutella. 
The inside of Isot was laid back, with a total come one, come all vibe, it ould make a perfect dinner date spot in a cozy atmosphere, yet romantic.

The restaurant served a wide variety of traditional turkish items. I briefly skimmed the menu, and another awesome place was just about to keep me from having to cook again, as if I ever did ;)

The complimentary appetizer was brought out prior to my entree, that was a sampler of four cold Turkish specialties, served with triangles of warm pitas. The plate included: Humus, Abugannush, Rus salatasi, and Saksuka. Again, I'm eating something i cant spell! 

Hot off the grill, a beautifully presented mix grill plate, was truly scrumptious!
The entree was a "combination of, Kushbashi and chicken kebab and kasap kofte, it was served with bulgur rice, onion parsley salad."
Fresh beef patties, tender beef and chicken cubes, very flavorsome! 

P.S: Isot's Turkish coffee wasn't the greatest I've ever had, and it cost $4.95!

For a taste of Istanbul, Four Yelps!
First time trying Turkish food - what a treat!

I've passed this place a bunch of times and finally went inside to try it out. I came here on a Saturday night and was pleasantly surprised it wasn't overcrowded. We didn't have reservations, but they were still able to sit us right away. The location is convenient, right on South Street, and easy to spot with it's Mediterranean inspired facade. 

Inside is light and decently lit, and there's even a small second story/loft area for more secluded dining. 

The waiters were quick to fill our glasses with waters and since this was the first time for either of us to try more authentic Turkish cuisine - we had lots of questions! They were very friendly with helping us review the menu, and I loved that there were plenty of vegetarian options to choose from!

We chose to family style the meal and ordered cig kofte, the spinach and feta boreks, and the hot hummus (served with pita bread.) Prior to our meal being served, they brought out a complimentary palate cleanser before the meal started - what a great touch! 

The food didn't take long to arrive, and it was perfectly seasoned to our liking. The amount of dishes/portions were perfect and even though we chose things mainly off the starter menu, it was plenty to eat. The spices were apparent without being overbearing. I like a solid kick to my food but don't want to feel the pains later. 

I found the service great and the food delicious, glad I finally had a chance to check out this place - looking forward to hit it up again real soon!
Isot is one of my favorite restaurants in the South Street area. This Turkish gem is friendly, attractive, and delivers excellent food.  Its $12 lunch special is one of the best deals in all of Philadelphia.  A recent meal in mid-afternoon (to avoid any crowds during the pandemic) proved Isot is still at the top of its game.  The lentil soup was delicious and the accompanying salad fresh.  The Kasap kofte were full of flavor but not as flavorful as the tasty Adana Kebab.  A serving of Abugannusch and Haydari completed the feast.

Our server Amy was always friendly and efficient .... and I can't wait for another meal at Isot!
Really great meal. My husband lived in Turkey for 5 years and this satisfied his endless craving. BUT, this place is BYO, which wasn't clear to me until we got there. So, note: BYO! All in all, great, authentic Turkish food. Friendly service. Highly recommend!
Wanted to love place (and we did love the food!) but the service was so bizarre I can't give it more than 3 stars. (TL;DR: BYOB, make a res, sign up online for a free kofte coupon, get the mixed mezze dips, manti, adana kebab or coban kovurma, and Ali Nazik. Don't expect great service.)  Here's how our night unfolded. 

:) Opentable reservation, got a table set off from others towards the back so we weren't on top of other people, we remembered to bring wine,  the place is really cute,  great vibe and decor, we're excited!

: / The waiter recommends (while looking awkward and apologetic) that we order sparkling water because they charge for bottled water here. My friend starts furiously googling whether that's legal (ugh lawyers, right?). Ok fine we get a bottle of sparkling and a bottle of Poland's finest. In the end he didn't actually charge us for the Poland Spring but we definitely saw other people being brought complimentary pitchers of water, including my sister, who dined here later that night. Weird. 

: | Place settings are a mess.  I don't have a fork,  oh I have two, do you have a spoon? It's like go fish with utensils up in here. 

: D The apps start coming out and the food is great and the portions are large! The mezze mixed dips come out right away and we decimate the pita within minutes,  after a bit of a wait  they bring more (they should just put out more in the first place). The manti is delicious and I eat the sauce by the spoonful. We order our entrees and my friend orders 2 apps as her entree, the waiter doesn't ask her when she wants these out but tells her it's a good move so we think that he understands what she's going for here. The waiter is very understanding and accommodating of my friend's food restrictions. We are feeling good. 

-_- A HUGE group of young ladies comes in with their rompers, heels, red lipstick and gigantic bottles of wine. There's a private looking area upstairs where they get seated and can giggle loudly. We realize this is like the La Viola or Banana Leaf of Queen Village,  where undergrads can byob, get rowdy and eat carb load for cheap before hitting the clubs (I'm old, I know). At one point the waiter is taking a picture of the giant group next to us,  which is so giant that she has to stand behind our table to get them all in. 

: \ The waiter brings out my friend's 2 apps (her main meal) long before or entrees come out. It's awkward,  but we deal. The spinach and feta borek is good but tiny (2 spring rolls size), the Ali Nazik is a large portion and delicious.

: ) The rest of our entrees come out (except one)! Everything is delicious. The Coba Kavurma is awesome,  the adana kebab spicy but not overwhelming,  the side salads are fresh and flavorful.  

: ( Ok still waiting on my friends lamb kebab ($19.95)... We ask a few people. It finally comes out! YAY. Oh wait no this is lamb chops ($24.95), not a kebab. But she's hungry...  But let's clarify with the waiter because it is a significant price difference. He says they're the same (they're definitely not, but ok). We figure she'll get charged the lower price (she doesn't).

: | The waiter brings out complimentary dessert for all the service mishaps and it's very good (a walnut baklava like thing). The bill comes out to $25-35 per person which is very reasonable. 

I'd come back for the food and with a big group and a lot of wine, but I wouldn't come with your parents or people who care about customer service. And next time I'm arguing for that water!
Isot is a great BYO place found off South Street. The food was great. We got three appetizers and shared an entrees.

The shrimp umburger was our favorite and blew us away. We got the mixed plate entree to try a bit of everything and the meat was cooked perfectly. The only thing I didn't "love" was the Manti appetizer which is described as a Turkish dumpling. Too small and too much of the wrap/breading. It was still good but falls short compared to the other dishes we ordered.

My only complaint (and a very minor one) was that our waitress didn't know the menu very well and made some minor mistakes where I could tell she was new. She suggested an appetizer and began describing it but was actually describing an appetizer by a different name. She told us later on it was just her second day so it's understandable but I still think there were some parts of the night where she could have been better trained. Again, she was serviceable, friendly, patient and did everything right but some experience will definitely help her.
I've recently been dropping mad coin so as a departure from the norm my fiance and I wanted to patronize a BYOB establishment to cushion the wallet. Bc I'm lazy and BYOBs require effort and planning, I'm not super familiar with the BYOB scene in Philadelphia. Some research brought this place to my attention. I was actually in Istanbul a month or so ago so I was excited at the prospect of some food nostalgia and booked a reservation at this place on a Saturday evening at 7:30pm. 

Upon entrance this place is super cute, decor definitely reminded me of turkish culture (I'm obviously an expert after spending 48 hours there). We were seated pretty quickly w/ reservation but this place looked packed so I would definitely recommend making one.

I was being a carb bitch on this particular weekend so I went hard. The menu contains a literal shitload of appetizers. For starters we went with saksuka, spinach and feta boreka, mediterranean salad, HOT hummus (what the fuck?) and for dessert we drove it home with KUNEFE. Yes, you read that shit correctly.

Saksuka was delivered differently than I was expecting. I'm thinking of shakshuka like the cast iron skillet with tomato sauce and eggs and shit in there but instead this was more like a conglomeration of diced vegetables, potatoes in like a tomato-y sauce. It was delicious and extremely flavorful, served with warm and soft pita bread. Divine. I did detect some onion elements which I attempted to not acknowledge.

Boreka was as good as boreka usually is. There's nothing else really to say here. Call with questions.

Mediterranean salad presentation was impressive, with three large romaine leaves (bae tells me the correct terminology is "fronds" but I'm pretty sure she's making that shit up lol) embracing the entree. Ingredients were fresh: romaine, tomatoes, feta (obv), olives (obv), and onions (barf). 

I fully support the presence of 2 different kinds of hummus on the menu. There's hummus under the "cold appetizers" as well as hummus under the "hot appetizers". Hummus was really delicious and genuine, middle eastern hummus. I don't recall details regarding its temperature and implications on the flavor but the hummus was quite good and a must order. Pita bread is also soft, warm, and serves as a great adjunct to the meal. 

For dessert they have fucking KUNEFE!!!!!!! If you've never heard of this shit literally go and google it NOW. It was amazing. 

Drag your lazy ass to the liquor store and then come to this place to sample some of the amazing food turkey and the mediterranean has to offer.
What a gem!  Located just south of South Street on 6th this place is just a few steps away from the craziness but nestled in a realm all its own. In fact, I may not have noticed it if a friend hadn't made the suggestion we meet for a later evening dinner. Bonus - BYOB!

We started with the Manti and Hot Hummus. The Manti was simply wonderful. These perfect little dumplings swimming in a delicious sauce or yogurt with what seemed like hints of curry. I am still thinking about them 3 days later! The hot hummus was also delicious and was quickly devoured by our party of 3. 

I went with the Kofte which was so filling and delicious. The meat practically melted in my mouth and the tabouleh and the onion salads were a perfect compliment. 

Service was also great. Our server was friendly and very well versed in the menu. 

Overall this was an OUTSTANDING dining experience. I can't wait to come back!
It's been a very long time since I had this kind of satisfaction from a restaurant experience. 
First, the hostess and the server were extremely nice and friendly, they did nothing but make us feel welcomed. We started with veggie borek and manty which was absolutely delicious. Then we got complimentary cool yogurt soup, sharbet and a board of sample spreads such as hummus, cheese...etc. then for dinner we got chicken and lamb kabobs. It was so much food I was only
Able to eat half of what's on the table. Then we ended it with Turkish tea. At the end of the meal, the chef approached us and we got to thank him for the delicious dinner we had. What an amazing experience. 

I will officially be a regular at Isot!
We went to Isot on a Saturday evening. As this is a BYOB, we took a bottle of wine and a bottle of raki with us. We ordered the meze platter, manti, Isot kofte, Ali Nazik, the Seafood casserole and the various kebabs. We ended the meal with baklava.

A good kebab place where I can enjoy a glass of raki with my meal is one of the things I miss most about home. Isot thankfully took care of that. As someone from Istanbul, I was skeptical at first. Most kebab restaurants usually fail to deliver in the United States. Their meat doesn't taste right, the ingredients aren't fresh, the vegetables aren't chopped fin enough, etc. I was genuinely surprised to see how meticulously Isot prepared its dishes.

The mezes were properly seasoned. Everything was delicious and authentic. The kebabs had the right amount of char. They used the right kind of meat and the right kind of fat in their Adana. There used very good pictachios in the baklava. Everything tasted just right. 

We will keep coming back. To those of you looking to get authentic Turkish food, this must become your go-to spot. I would keep coming back to this place if it was in Turkey. Their food is that good. 

Their service is outstanding. The servers really know their way around the menu. They know how people drink their raki. They are fast and they are flawless.
HOW TO ENJOY THIS RESTAURANT:
As a person from Turkey, I need my dose of Turkish food... This is the place that makes my cravings disappear! We all know that when many of international cuisines enters the US market, they loose their authenticity and try to "Americanize".. All I can say: the food really tastes like in Turkey! (Well, almost... the ingredients are not from Turkey so nobody can expect exactly the same -but- this is as good as i could get..).

Coming to the suggestions; I would recommend ordering lots of small plates instead of taking individual main courses. Just go through the experience, share plates and taste more! As this is a BYOB restaurant, you can typically bring a bottle of your favorite wine. However, if you really want to go through a Turkish style dinner that involves alcohol, go buy yourself a bottle of Turkish Raki or a bottle of Greek Ouzo . I m sure some of the Turkish waitresses can help you on how to properly drink it but it simply involves 2 glasses, one containing just cold water and the other glass is usually 1/3 the spirit and rest cold water which turns the clear drink into white magic! ;) Since you have variety of foods on the table that everyone shares, just take a sip from the raki/ouzo, then wash it with the water and then take a piece from any of the plates and repeat this activity as frequently as you wish between your deep conversations with friends and family.. 

My favorite combo for 3/4 people to share is as follows: 
-Starters: Cig Kofte, Haydari, Abugannush, Mediterranean Salad
-Hot Starter: Pick two: Pacanga Borek / Ali Nazik / Icli Kofte 
-Main Course: Pick one: Coban Kavurma / Mix Plate
-Dessert: Turkish tea or turkish coffee with some Baklava (optional)

Depending on your level of hunger of course a second main course plate could be ordered or vice versa a hot starter could be deleted. It's up to you and how much raki and time you got! :) 

I hope this helps Philly people to discover and taste what Turkish food is like. My only reason not giving a full 5 start is because of the price level. As a student, the prices are a bit above my budget and I think at least a discount on students would be a great opportunity for many young foodies out there to discover a delicious place like Isot.
BYOB with no fees! Went here with some girlfriends. The food is run-of-the-mill, not bad, but not great. I enjoyed the hummus and flatbread. The veggie patties were spicy and had a nice kick to them. The borek was not good.The fancy pastry was disguised as a feta and cheese spring roll. I recommend coming here for some apps and bringing a bottle or 2.
Here's why I really enjoyed Isot:
-reasonably priced
-delicious appetizers 
-intimate atmosphere 
-friendly service

It's nothing fancy, but I think it's a great spot for a date night, dinner with friends, etc. Though I don't think the manti lived up to the hype, everything else was delicious and I will definitely go back.
We went for Sunday lunch, party of two. started with lentil soup, which was very tasty. ordered mixed platter, and it was very delicious and were enough for my mom and I. 
The service was fast and our server was really nice and he explained what would come with your food, the size and he was very informative. 
After we finished, we had Turkish tea with Baklava.. 
it was the best Baklava I've ever tested, the tea smelled very nice. 
Thanks to the owner, staff and servers ! Everything was very good! Definitely will go again.
I had friends from out of town visiting (one from Ft. Lauderdale, one from St. Louis and one from Kentucky). I wanted a nice meal, reasonably priced and BYOB a plus. (My friends can throw down a cocktail or a bottle of wine so this saves a bit of money). I had bookmarked this place because of the rave reviews so I made a reservation on Yelp. There were five of us, so when we arrived it took a minute to set up a table. We were seated in the back of the restaurant. Initially things were a bit shaky. Water wasn't served, wine wasn't opened and our order wasn't taken. We waited about thirty minutes for the food order after I flagged down the manager (owner?) and our food order was put in. Our server removed our bottle of wine from the table to open it but then disappeared and we didn't see our bottle for another 20 minutes. They were really busy (Saturday night) and the waitstaff was working really hard but that was a bit disappointing. However, after our food order was taken and the food began arriving we were glad that we came. Start off with the mixed mez. It is delicious. The pita is fluffy and grilled and delicious as well as the variety of samplings of abugannush, acili ezme, haydari and hummus. So good! The combinations of flavors and freshness were lovely. I ordered the marinated grilled chicken thighs, my daughter ordered the coban kavurma and my friends ordered a variety of the kabobs. Everything was delicious but I think the star of the night was my daughter's order (coban kavurma)... lamb cubes with onions, green peppers, tomatoes and oregano served over straw potatoes. Delicious! So flavorful! 
I'd recommend this sweet place. After the kinks were worked out the food made up for it as well as the flowing wine. You should check it out.
Very slow service and overpriced for what you get.
It took an hour for us to get our entrees. Honestly, service was strange the whole time.
The hummus and dips were good.
The seafood casserole was okay. Not that much seafood and lots of mushrooms. Not worth $24.5.
Chicken kabob was okay, but you don't get that much chicken.
Gavur Dagi salad was heavy onion. Mostly red onion. Just okay.
The lamb chops were like 4 thin slices lamb chops! Barely any meat. Not worth $25.
Çoban Kavurma was the best thing we had. It did have lots of flavor and was was the most legit portion.
The place seems nice, but prices for high for what you get. Service is weird and slowww.
Overall, I wouldn't return unless people really wanted to go.
Coming out of my Yelp retirement to give a quick review of Isot, because great dining experiences like this shouldn't be kept secret!  They gave us a perfect experience from the time we walked in the door to getting our checks.

The atmosphere here is bustling, but not overly loud.  Our server was attentive with waters and some advice on the menu.  We settled quickly on the cold mixed meze, which was a perfect introduction to the food here.  Before its arrival, they brought us some little lettuce wraps on the house (spicy but good, and a nice touch).  The meze plating was done nicely and cleanly on a large wood board, and they had no problem bringing us some extra warm pita.  All six of the dips were flavorful and unique, with the exception of a pretty standard hummus.  

The transition time to dinner was just right, and I couldn't have been happier with the manti and Ali nazik.  Both dishes were unique, flavorful and fun to eat.  We followed that with the baklava for dessert, and it was so good that we ordered a second.  All of this is topped off with reasonable prices and the BYOB benefit.  The table next to us left us a couple glasses of wine before leaving as well.  Tough to beat!
Bf and I had been meaning to check this place out, and I'm so glad we finally did. The place is beautifully decorated with a very cozy atmosphere. 

Upon checking in we redeemed our free meze platter full of an assortment of things to dip pita bread in. This included hummus, yogurt, potato salad, an eggplant mixture and I can't remember what the fifth thing was. They were all delicious!

Next we shared the ichle kofta(sp?) Which reminded me of Jamaican beef patties (except smaller) as they seem like fried dough filled with ground beef. 

For our entree we shared the lamb kebab which came with veggies and Bulgar rice. All of our choices for the evening were delicious and if we had known how delicious the desserts were going to be, I would have saved room for that. I'll definitely be returning for those!

The service was great, both our server and the owner were extremely pleasant to interact with and we could tell this place is starting to become a neighborhood favorite as there were clearly regulars dining in. 

I'm shocked more yelpers haven't ventured over here. It's really worth it and is definitely a hit in my book.
I picked this place for a large group of us (faculty and students) coming into town for a conference. Many of my guests had never had Turkish food, so I was very grateful to the owner who was amazing in helping me prepare a menu so they could try a lot of everything. Then, a nor'easter descended upon the region and split our party of travelers in two. The owner was very understanding that we had to cancel our reservation.

Those of us who did make it to Isot, albeit several hours later than planned, had an amazing time. The restaurant itself is absolutely charming, intimate without being cramped with great decor. The staff was very friendly and attentive. Our waiter helped us select an appropriate quantity for the group and made sure the timing of the food gave everybody a chance to try things at a relaxed pace. (In response to an earlier review that said they didn't get enough pita, they certainly kept it coming for us!) We were also offered several complementary dishes that I had not selected for the group - my students got to try even more things!

Six of us tried: mixed meze, cig kofte, manti, ali nazik, karides tava, izot mix for 4, lamb chop platter, chicken kebab, baklava and kunefe. (Yes, it was too much but those leftovers are *mine*.)

Faculty (who already like and know Turkish food) faves: Ali Nazik - beautifully seasoned, tender lamb. Makes me wish I had tried the new beyran (slow cooked lamb soup). The acili eczme was lovely as well. Great kofte, my husband thoroughly enjoyed his lamb chops, but it's the Adana kebabs that will make me come back. Just the right amount of spice and so juicy. Kunefe was gorgeous as well.

Student (new to this) faves: Of the mixed meze, the tzatziki and saksuka disappeared the quickest. We also had fans of ali nazik and karides. From the grill, they most liked the chicken cutlet (super juicy and flavorful), although the grilled lamb and the Adana kebabs also got favorable mentions, the latter even from some who are intimidated by spice. The "kids" weren't crazy about the cig kofte and manti but those are less familiar textures and flavor profiles.

The baklava, though. Wish I have ordered more to go.
Oh My Gosh!  A total yumfest!!  Have you ever gone somewhere and asked someone what they suggest?  So our Lyft driver suggested this place.  There is always speculation on whether the person has good taste or not.  Well, apparently our driver has excellent taste!

Isot is Mediterranean, and the owner was present when we walked in.  They had a large variety of foods.  I looked for a seafood dish since my tummy had been objecting to the beef I had been eating lately.

We ordered the Mediterranean salad and the seafood casserole along with Turkish coffee and baklava.  The salad was so tasty I couldn't stop eating it.  When I got full, I was still craving more.  The seafood casserole was out of this world.  I was a big of a piglet and wished I could eat more after I got full.

The Turkish coffee was a strong little cup full of delicious coffee.  It wasn't too bitter which can sometimes be the issue with strong coffees.  It was smooth and perfect with the sweet and crispy baklava.

If you want good tasty food from a mom&pop shop, this is the place to go!!
Everything from the service to the food to the price point was awesome. Perfect for an upscale casual meal.  Note - It's a BYO!
It's been hard to find a nicer Mediterranean restaurant that actually has good food and top-notch service, until Isot!

Food:
We were a group of 4 and shared the cold meze platter per waitress's recommendation. It had yummy scoops of multiple different dips, including hummus (of course), a thick yogurt dill dip, some marinated vegetable mixture, and a spicy/ tangy vegetable one. Came with some of the fluffiest warm pita bread I've ever had.
Entrees we ordered included chicken kabob plate, beef kabob plate, and scallops. The chicken was perfectly cooked and moist, served with a flavorful salad and some warm grain (bulgar? I forgot. It was delicious). Everyone loved their food, and the portions were good sized. 

Service:
Out waitress was just cool, for starters, Nose ring, artistic haircut, super smiley and took fantastic care of us. Timing of her check-ins were also impressive; I felt like I was in capable hands. 

Ambiance:
Quiet, clean, simple but fresh. It's a small space but did not feel cramped.
This place is awesome. I`m not very familiar with Turkish food, but our waiter was very sweet and did a great job helping us making the orders. We had Manti for appetizer, lamb kebabs and grilled bronzini for entrees. They are all extremely delicious and the portions are huge. The grilled bronzini is probably the best grilled fish i`ve ever had in my life!!! Very fresh, perfect amount of seasoning for flavor, and perfectly grilled, just right amount of grilling done to make the skin a little scrispy and the meet part juicy!! The lamb kebab is also very awesome! Definitely very well made and the meet tasted very fresh! It was my first time having Manti, but i quickly fall in love with the dish, it's soft little dumplings in a yogurt based sause, yummy! This place is BYOB which i didn't realize until we got here. Definitely coming back, with a bottle of course!
Delicious!!! I think this is one of the very very few times when I ate as much (if not more) than my boyfriend (who is notoriously known for having a bottomless pit for a stomach). I had a decent (but frankly forgettable) entree of adana kebab, but the true stars of the night were the starters! 

The mixed mezze platter came with six different tastings of Isot's cold starter offerings. All were delicious, but my favorites were the abugannush (charbroiled eggplants, tomatoes, garlic and parsley) and acili ezme (tomatoes, peppers, onions and parsley in a spicy garlic house sauce). The combinations seemed endless, and this platter came with seemingly unlimited pita. Then came the hot starter, manti. These were delicate and heavenly tiny dumplings with a beef and lamb filling, drenched in a yogurt, red pepper oil, and olive oil sauce. Confession: I seriously had to restrain myself from licking the plate.
Amazing place with very friendly staff. The food was amazing as well. Starting with mixed appetizers ( Mezze) and Mandi ( Out of this world). Kaassab Kofte and chicken cutlets were very delecious and recommended for every one.
My favorite Mediterranean restaurant in Philly. I go there often to enjoy their awesome starters and always order the adana kabobs. It's the only place I've found outside of Istanbul that serves them. They are delicious. I recommend asking to have them well done to get a bit of char like taste (just like the way they're served in Turkey). 

The staff is super nice and the ambience just right. 

Recently went there with about 10 people and they placed us on the second level which was quite comfortable. The service for a party that size didn't falter at all. 

The pricing is very reasonable and it's BYOB which just makes Isot even better.
Oh such a disappointment after such a great first visit. I have been here once since my last review and the experience was not as stellar as the first but I attributed it to being NYE (2017) and maybe an off night - 3-stars at best. Unfortunately, returned for NYE (2018) and the experience was worse. I just can't feel good about that 5-star review anymore.  

We were seated quickly and the bottle of wine we brought was uncorked immediately. The server poured us water - from that point on anytime we wanted more water we had to hope she would come back for some other reason. I know we had wine but a constantly empty water glass is a sign of a lack of attentiveness by the server.  

We ordered the cig kofte to start (turns out there is a check in offer for this but more on that in a moment) as well as the Manti. The cig kofte wasn't particularly good. We were hungry and ate it but the BF did not like the texture AT ALL and I wasn't too pumped by the flavor either. Manti was served shortly after. It was good - as good as I recall from the first time and thankfully better than the last time. 

I ordered the lamb kebobs. He ordered the Çoban Kavurma. My food came out about 5 minutes prior to his which resulted in my food being cold by the time I ate it. 

My kebobs were served with an onion salad and the house salad. The onion thing was good. The house salad had a big piece of plastic in it so I didn't really get to enjoy it. I didn't make a big deal of it as I was already getting full but had I not seen it on top of the salad I would have been pretty pissed to have bitten into it. The kebobs were fine. Nothing to rave about. His food was "okay".

The real kicker was when the check came and I showed the girl my check in offer which covered the cig kofte that I ordered. She said "let me talk to the chef" and took my phone. Then she came back and said the chef was making me the cig kofte. I had already had that and I didn't want more - I told her that I expected it to come off my check which is what I said when I gave her my phone. I guess there was miscommunication because they were not able to take it off the check and instead offered the cig kofte or baklava instead. I finally gave in and got the baklava, which was good but I didn't really want because I had already eaten my fill. 

The manager was nice enough to come by and extend his apologies and offer to honor the offer the next time I came in. I appreciate that but after 2 consecutive lackluster experiences, it's unlikely I'll be back. Sad since I so loved this place so much initially.
Friday night and I did not have a reservation.  In come Isot with an opening and one hungry customer.  I am so glad I took them up on the opening because this was one of the best mediterranean spots I have been to in a while. 

From the beginning chef's treat, to the mezzanine, and meat - lots of meat, I was never going to get the opportunity to leave hungry.  In fact I could not eat it all they gave me so much.  Bad problem to have right?  

Overall, the staff was super friendly and very helpful to my dining experience.  If you do go and want to have a drinky drink here, its BYOB.
This is my new BYOB favorite place. 
Loved all the dishes so much. Everything was so fresh and flavorful. I went there on a monday and shared 2 starters and a plate with a friend. 
Plates were delicious and filling. Will be back soonfor more.
We came here on a Sunday. 7 adults and 2 kids, 1 of which was an infant. We made reservations of course, just in case. 

We were seated right away. The place is narrow, but definitely have ample amount of room. Very nice atmosphere. Friendly and warm.

We ordered 2 Mix Mezze appetizers, the calamari, 2 mix plates, the lamb kebabs, and 2 seafood casserole. 

I wasn't too impressed with the mixed mezze, but it wasn't bad. My favorite was the eggplant - and the never ending pita coming of course is a plus. ;-). Other than that, the other dips were really just ok.

The Calamari was good. Crispy on the outside and tender squid on the inside. Not too chewy at all. Very well executed if I do say so myself ;-).

The mix plate and the lamb kebabs were also good. The chicken was juicy and not dry. I didn't try the lamb, but I'm not a big fan of lamb anyway, so I wouldn't have been able to tell if it was good lamb or not.

My favorite was the seafood casserole. Tons of seafood and the sauce is delicious. Probably not healthy, but who cares, it was so good! 

Definitely a place you'd wanna try. The food is pretty darn good =)
I came here with some friends last week. I was supposed to go down the street to whetstone, but they were packed and didn't have any tables, so we ended up here. This is very nice BYOB, with excellent food. I have the lamb for my entree with feta cheese mashed potatoes and greens. What a wonderful dish this was, so flavorful and well presented. The appetizers we're pretty good too. Although the calamari pieces were somewhat small, they were still very flavorful. The server we had on that night seemed to be new, but did a great job. She was very personable and friendly. I'm sure I will return here soon!
This place has become a bit of a tradition for us. Kasap kofte is my wife's go-to, and I love the mixed plate of perfectly done meats. They serve great sides too, including a bulgur rice that my kids cannot get enough of-also highly recommend the red onion salad. We will visit again soon!
Huge disappointment for the food.  The worst part was meat. Adana tastes so spicy and felt like plastic. Lamb and beef kebab usually comes 8-10 pieces. There were only 6 pieces of Meat and it was dry. For the price this is like a joke or maybe someone got hungry and ate my food on the way. ( joking :) 
Seriously as a Turkish person I don't think they can stay long. 
Although servers and manager is friendly and nice waiting time was disaster.  Total time spent 2 hours. Eating time 15-20 mins. Rest was waiting for foods. 
Not recommended.
Dinner at Isot was awesome. 
We had a party of 9; on Saturday night 10/1. We had a reservation and the service was great from the minute we walked in. We were given a choice of a table downstairs; or one upstairs. We chose a table upstairs since this was a family dinner, and I suspect we were going to get kind of loud and being upstairs worked out perfectly. 
As stated before Isot is a BYOB we brought wine with us, that was happily served and no corkage was charged. 
The service was amazing. I feel bad that we had to make our server keep having to go up and down the stairs. That said though, she was great. She was constantly checking in on us to make sure we were good; refilling drinks, and she made some amazing recommendations on the food. 
We had the Mixed Mezze and Calamari as starters. All of the dips on the Mixed Mezze plate were amazing. It would be hard to pick a favorite. The Russian Salad was something I had not tried before; it was really good. 
For dinner we had lamb, Adana Kebabs, Chicken Kebabs and Kofte- all Amazing. 
We also had the Baklava and another dessert (I cannot recall the name, it is a warm dessert that must be ordered about 15 minutes before it is served- our server recommended it and did not steer us wrong). 
Overall a fantastic dinner; great food; great service; and between being a BYO and a reasonably priced restaurant; not a huge sting to the wallet.
It's hard for me to put into words how much I enjoyed this restaurant but I'm going to do my best. This was our first time ever having Turkish food and we figured, why not try something a little different for Valentine's day? Also, when we learned that the restaurant was BYOB it gained major points. 

The decor of the place is very nice. I really enjoyed the flooring actually, it was fitting for the type of restaurant it was. The restaurant itself was actually pretty large, though it seems small when you walk in. They actually ended up leading us to a small upstairs area which we enjoyed because it was more exclusive and private. 

As for the menu, they had a good selection with a lot of variety for meat lovers and vegetarians. We decided to order the Manti after seeing it mentioned in many reviews. We also got the calamari and then split one of the shared plates. While we were waiting for the food they brought us a complimentary dish which I believe was some type of tomato paste on lettuce. I didn't expect to like it but it was actually very tasty!! As for the Manti, OMG. I loved this dish so much. It's a dumpling style dish, stuffed with beef and lamb then covered in a yogurt sauce. It was so delicious I could've eaten three of them by myself. The calamari was also excellent, I just wish it came with more than one sauce! As for the shared plate, it was also amazing. All of the meats that it came with were cooked to perfection and so flavorful. The best thing on the plate though was the lamb. If I ever go back in the future, I'm going to be ordering just the lamb by itself because of how much I enjoyed it. 

I'm already looking forward to my next visit to this restaurant. The food was excellent and same with the service. Our waiter was very friendly and prompt with checking on us and bringing water, etc. I highly recommend this place if you're looking to try something a little different because it will not disappoint.
Hidden gem. Stopped here for Kanafe. Best decision of the day. It was perfect. The young girls there are very friendly. It was clean with plenty of seating. 
I came back a few hours later for dinner and was not disappointed with the food this time. They took about average time to serve food. I would definitely recommend you try this place if you are in the area.
I LOVED my meal at Isot! I've had this bookmarked for over a year. Finally went and was very impressed! 

The mezze appetizer was great. My favorite was the Manti.. Turkish lamb dumplings. The yogurt sauce mixed with the hot chili oil was lip smacking perfect. I was ooohing and aahhhing over every bite! The Ali Nazik was also amazing. The lamb was so delicious and flavorful. Husband got the Coban Kavurma, lamb cubes spiced to perfection with pita triangles. So much flavor in all the dishes. 

The service was also 5 stars. So very friendly, caring, and really cared about our experience. Maybe he was management or part owner? It seemed like it from his genuine authenticity about our dining experience. 

Loved every bite and every minute at Isot. Highly recommended.
Isot is located on 6th street, just off South near Bainbridge. It is located next to Beau Monde and Bistrot La Minette. Isot is very charming inside and well designed. It is both casual but sophisticated with a modern but simple Mediterranean décor. The floor tiles are really unique and old world.

Isot has been open for 3 months now. Our server was excellent and the owner also greeted us. The entire staff was very pleasant, helpful and attentative. 
The dishes we had were:
*ABUGANNUSH-CHAR BROILED EGGPLANTAND TOMATOES WITH THINLY SLICED GREEN PEPPERS, GARLIC, PARSLEY IN A SPECIAL POMEGRANATE 
* ALINAZIK/ALI KIND -CHAR BROILED EGGPLANT AND GREEN PEPPER IN A YOGURT GARLIC SAUCE TOPPED WITH TENDER PRIME SELECT MEATWITH RED PEPPER SAUCE
* MANTI - TURKISH RAVIOLI STUFFED WITH GROUND BEEF MIX, SERVED IN A SPECIAL STRAINED YOGURT SAUCE
* LAMB CHOPS - GRILLED LAMB CHOPS OVER FETAMAS, AND SAUTÉED SPINACH WITHGARLIC CHIPS.FINISHED WITH HOUSE MADE DEMI GLAZE SAUCE
* ADANA KEBAB

Everything was fantastic and well prepared. The ingredients were high quality and presentation was also very good. There were nice accompaniments on each dish too and the portion size was just right also.

For dessert we had the sampler and the Baklava was the best we ever tasted. Isot imports the pistachio nuts from Turkey. Isot is not inexpensive but not outrageous either; it was about $30.00 a piece for the three of us before tip. We had a lot of food too. Isot is BYOB that also helps keeps the tab down.

4.5 stars - We will be back again as this was truly a stand out meal and restaurant.
Me and my wife are from Turkey and we love to try different Turkish restaurants. 

This was our first time in Philadelphia and after an hour walking around Old City we found this place and decided to try it out. 

On the menu it says "Same taste in Turkey" which seemed very ambitious. So we said we'll see!

That statement was true to the t. Everything we ordered was literally has the same taste like it was prepared in Turkey. 

As a started we ordered the Mixed Meze Platter which has 6 meze samples and it's a great way if you want to taste all the mezes. Everything on the plate was delicious! And I am not exaggerating! I haven't tasted the same taste in NYC. 

We also ordered the Pacanga borek as an appetizer which was delicious too. 

As a main course we both had Manti, another very traditional and hard to make Turkish dish. It was literally the same taste in Turkey! It was a little bit spicy but you can always ask them to make it less spicy. 

As dessert we had Kunefe, a traditional Turkish dessert from Southern Turkey. It was amazing. Not too heavy, not too light, just right! 

And the prices are very affordable if you think about the quality and taste. 

I recommend this place to everyone if you want to taste very authentic Turkish food!

*** Addition to my review about Breakfast/Brunch ***

After having dinner at this place a night before, we also decided to try the Breakfast/Brunch. 

If you are from Turkey and living abroad the thing you will miss the most is the breakfast. In my opinion it is one of the best part of the day.

We ordered the Turkish Breakfast for 2 people which is the best option to go if you want to have an amazing breakfast! It had traditional Turkish cheeses, butter, jams, olives and Menemen.  We also ordered Cheese Gozleme. Everything was delicious! Just like you were having breakfast in a Turkish city. 

The Menemen is the one you should taste because it is very traditional and very tasty. 

The waiters were really friendly and the service was really fast but not rushed. In my opinion a perfect place for brunch on a Saturday or Sunday.
I figured this place would be great based on the Yelp rating. Went here around 8 pm on a Saturday night (party of 2) and they had barely any staff for the night so that should've been a red flag off the bat. 

We were seated and given silverware but no napkins and no water. It took a while for anyone to come over to take our order at which time to had to ask for water. Throughout the meal we then had to ask for the water to be refilled multiple times. 

Placed our order and the food didn't come for far too long. We ordered a cold appetizer too (mezze sampler plate) so it was unclear what the holdup was. When it finally came, we had to ask the waitress what was what, at which time she told us that we didn't get the full sampler because they ran out of some appetizers, which would have been nice to know when we were ordering. Had to ask for napkins at this point too. 

The entree was split was good (Adana kebab) but nothing out of this world and small given that it was around $20. All in all disappointing experience. I wouldn't go back.
Had very high expectations due to the yelp reviews, however was extremely disappointed with the quality of food that was served to our group. 
-Adana was bland with no flavor and  was cold and the meat seamed processed. 
- calamari was tough and extremely small
-vegetarian borek was frozen inside. Apparently it was not freshly made 
- we were charged for Pita which should have been part of the meal. 
-chicken kebab was extremely dry and lacked marination. 
-baklava was not homemade. It would have helped to have it heated to give it a fresh taste 
-manti was mediocre, and cold. 
- Turkish tea was luke warm. Turkish coffee was not prepared properly. It lacked the slight froth that Turkish coffee is well known for. 

On a positive note ,the Owner was very nice and the atmosphere is charming. It's unfortunate that the food lacked In so many areas. Hopefully this review will assist in making the appropriate adjustments.
Based on the glowing recommendations on Open Table and here, I expected our experience to be wonderful. It was, simply, bad.

We were a party of four, and when we arrived the host showed us to the table right in front of the door. It was chilly outside and we would get hit by air and diners would be at our back every time the door opened, so I asked if we could be seated farther in the room, away from the door. There were four other empty tables in the room so it seemed reasonable to ask. The host was hesitant and said they were booked for the night. I said yes, but the other parties weren't there yet (and they could be seated by the door since they were later), there are several empty tables, and we are here. He had to get someone else and it took at least 5 minutes for them to figure out if they could accommodate us. They finally did. 

Since it's a BYOB, we brought our own wine, and my friend asked our waiter for wine glasses. After 5 minutes, with no wine glasses, we noticed the waiter had been behind us chatting with the host and another waitress at the host desk. I called him over and asked him for the wine glasses.

The rest of the dinner went a little more smoothly, but we noticed that the next four parties that arrived all had reservation snafus that the manager kept having to deal with. There was only 1 party that didn't seem to have to wait while the staff sorted out a booking problem. The host, waiters, and manager all seemed like a bunch of college kids with little to no restaurant experience. There wasn't one manager or waitperson in the restaurant who seemed completely competent. 

As for food, the appetizers were better than the entrees, but they weren't inspirational or exciting. The entrees were lackluster and had no interesting flavor or preparation. I had the lamb chops, which were almost dry, and my friend's prime rib was bland bordering bad. Her husband's branzino (presented whole) was ok, but not particularly special, but my husband said his entree was pretty good. Interestingly, when we were ordering and asked our waiter what he recommended, he said NOT to order the lamb chops because the fetamash takes extra time. We found that odd. It's like he was going to have to make it himself and didn't want us to inconvenience him. 

Needless to say, we will not be going back. It was one of the most disappointing dining experiences we've had in a while.
The best manti in Philly.  Fresh, warm simit.  The best olives I've had in Philly.  Kaymak.  Beyaz peynir.  Tea in proper Turkish vessels.  A full Turkish breakfast.  Modern decor; think more Mediterranean/Aegean western Turkey versus the more "Middle East" eastern style you typically find in kebab-focused spots.  

These are all GREAT things. So refreshing to see and a reason this will probably be the only Turkish restaurant in Philly my Istanbul-raised girlfriend and I will return to.

So why not 5 stars?  As I've unfortunately seen in other Turkish places here there were screaming kids running around throughout the meal.  Kids from someone working at/owning the place.  While I know this is the norm in many places IN Turkey it's not exactly the most inviting thing for people who have a choice between walking in your doors or one of the 3-4 others within sight of yours, or for those who are trying to enjoy a nice quiet brunch on a weekend morning now is it?
It's not easy to find a place in Philly that serves excellent kebabs, but I believe I have found one. I came here with a good friend on a Monday night, and it was pretty quiet in the restaurant. It's not a huge place, but it has a very open and nicely decorated layout, which can be good for a dinner gathering with friends or a date. The atmosphere is classy, yet casual, and the pricing is reasonable. 

The Isot Kofte was ok - but that may be because it was my first time trying this kind of kofte and the flavor seems like an acquired taste. However, the Adana Kebab was delicious - grilled tender and flavorful skewers of ground beef and lamb, finished with a nice char, and nicely balanced with generous sides of bulgur and vegetables. I was full AND didn't feel terrible after my meal, which is a rare event. For dessert, I highly recommend their baklava, which is very fresh and well-made. The service was a bit clunky when I was there, but the food more than made up for it. I definitely want to go back to try some of their other dishes.
Service
I went here a date around 8 pm on a friday night. It wasn't that busy  It had an ambiance of a middle class dinner. Our host greeted us and led us to our table. The service was okay not that great as I had expected. Our waitress never checked up on us throughout the whole meal but the host had done so herself. However as both our glasses were empty they skipped us as they poured water for the guests next to us. The service gets a 3.5/10

FOOD
Basically the food was bland. We started our dinner with a hot appetizer of Karides Tava. It was jumbo shrimp in a garlic based oil. The shrimp didn't really taste like much except shrimp and a hint of garlic. It was kind of bland as the flavors weren't enhance. I wouldn't recommend this dish as it was a waste of money I give it a 3.3/10
For our entrees we got the Mixed Plate for two. They started it out by giving us the antep salad. Overall the salad was good and crispy. It had a nice dressing over it and was very refreshing. The red onion salad was good and it was something new that I have not tried before. The salad gets an 8.3/10
Next came the meats. The Kasape Kofte was the meatballs it was okay but slightly on the bland side as it didn't really have any flavor. The beef kebab was probably the best meat on the platter as it taste like normal beef. It had very little flavor overall though. The chicken cutlet was not good at all. It had a burnt taste and it was bland. It wasn't moist and it was on the dry side. The lamb chop was the most disappointing thing there. As I expected it to taste delicious. The lamb chop was smaller than expected. It was too salty and not much else. Besides it being salty it was bland. The meats were disappointing as it was bland and not flavorful 
After the meats came the Bulgur came and the roasted vegetables. In my own opinion, I don't like hot vegetables so I thought that it tasted terrible. The carrots tasted like grass and everything in it was mushy. The bulgur was also bland as well as being bland it was overcooked. It was very very very mushy and it had the texture of mashed potatoes. The entrees get a 2/10
It took us awhile to get our check as our waitress was too busy with other customers which was understandable but she ignored us as we asked for her attention. Eventually we got her attention and was able to get the check but as we were paying for our check, the waitress stood there and watched us as we took out our wallets which was very uncomfortable as she waited there. We paid and then we left disappointed. 
The food was fulling but it was not a good full for us because the food was terrible. I will not be coming back here again nor will I ever recommend this restaurant to anyone.
I called the restuarant and they wanted me to give my number to reserve although I was 5 min away and just calling to check wait times. The person whom answered the phone then called my cell twice - after I refused to give my number- which was weird and kind of made me not want to eat there. (Did they think using caller ID to call people would bring in business?)

The places we wanted to eat at didn't have available tables so we ended up here, anyway. 

The food was mediocre. The hot hummus was not tasty at all, I could not bear to eat it. The warm pita bread was nice. 

The restuarant didn't fill our glasses with water, we had to ask multiple times for water. The place was not that busy. 

We ordered the mixed platter for about $29. It was not that much food and the quality of the food was not good. It was sort of a sad presentation. There was not much meat and what they gave was ok; tender but not flavorful. Very fatty pieces. The lamb was probably the best, but it was one tiny chop. The restuarant was cool in letting us share the plate, so they get some points there. The salad was sad and there were very little veggies. They were overcooked and not seasoned well. I have been fortunate to have outstanding Turkish food, fast food style and fancy too. This was less tasty than food truck offerings I had. Given how great the reviews, I was surprised to experience lack luster food. And the area is full of incredible restaurants. This is not one of them. 

The ambience was pretty sad, too. 

The best part was our waiter (the dude whom answered the phone) gave us all baklava to try. It was not good. But his gesture was sweet and it made me feel less concerned about the odd calls he made to my cell. 

Now, my date and I thought the food was awful. My sister and her friend disliked the ambience but thought they would come back to this restaurant. The caveat is they never had Turkish food before and nothing to compare it to. So maybe this is an ok introduction to Turkish food. If you are a foodie, I don't recommend wasting your taste buds here. 

I spent $61 plus tip and am still hungry unsatisfied.
I usually do not give 5 start ratings, but Isot is close to it. After four visits, I would give it, if I could, a 4.5 or 4.75. It is a wonderful neighborhood place and serves as an oasis from the South Street tourist attractions. It is primarily a Turkish restaurant but they have dishes from the Mediterranean area. It is a BYOB.
Ambiance: a long, narrow room in front that opens up in the back. It is well decorated with simple touches but shows that someone knows how to and cares.
Service: whether you are chatting with Fatih, the manager, or the wonderful servers, you will be given a gracious welcome. The servers know the menu and food and give you the ingredients and the descriptions, they are patient, they are efficient, and they are very hospitable.
Food: we have eaten Turkish food at various restaurants throughout the city, and the food here is delicious. We have had their cold starters- isot kofte/haydari; salads- watermelon feta salad, Mediterranean salad; warm starters- hot hummus with walnuts, manti(small dumplings with ground beef/lamb filling with yogurt and olive oil (red pepper/mint). We also tasted their calamari and dipping sauce. All of the starters are fresh, tasty and well prepared. The manti are one of my favorite dishes.
We tried the shrimp umburger, which was good but the seafood casserole was really good. Lot of flavors hit your palate. We ordered the mixed plate on our last visit and it was sensational. Maybe a tad overpriced but it had grilled chicken, grilled beef kabob, lamb chops,  kofte (small beef patties) with bulgur and red onion salad.
Desserts: save some room for dessert. They have the best baklava in town,  moist, sweet but not too sweet, nutty and very satisfying. They have other desserts as well, like pistachio rolls.
The baklava was not delivered while we lunched but arrived as we were leaving. Fatih gave a complimentary baklava to each couple. Nice touch.
If you have a problem or something is not just right, mention it. They do respond in a positive manner.
Lunch only on Saturday and Sunday. Dinner starts at four every day.
Top notch Turkish Cuisine and service!

This review is for both Dinner and breakfast.
It is a pity that Turkish Breakfast is not as well known as Turkish Kebab. It is actually the best part of our cuisine in my opinion. Isot has done several things quite awesomely. 

I will start my review to their breakfast/brunch. We did a reservation for 10.30am on a Saturday. The place was yet empty. Our waitress greeted us with a smile. We ordered a Turkish Breakfast for 2 and cheese gozleme with coffee. The portion was huge! It had several cheese pieces- traditional khaskaval and more- olives, jam, menemen, borek with cheese and greens as tomatoes with cucumbers. It was traditional in presentation (with pomegranate sauce over tomatoes) and delicious. I just didn't like the small ball type cheese - which was probably goat- which didn't suit my taste. The plate also included french fries and pita bread. It is really stuffing even for 2 people. We also ordered a cheese gozleme, it was also delicious but we hardly finished all... overall the price was very reasonable ~40$ for this huge portions.

For dinner, we found a table for two quite easily on Friday night and the place was packed. We ordered a mixed meze platter, which had traditional Turkish meze samples as hummus, haydari, shaksuka acili ezme and more. While waiting for it, we had complimentary kisir that was sent by the chef. All meze was fresh made and delicious! Hummus had distinguishable tahini taste and haydari was creamy. 

We ordered Manti as main course, as this is a very traditional Turkish dish, and hard to find a well made one. This particular manti had real meat inside the small dumplings, quite rare finding again!!. It was seasoned with olive oil infused with mint and red pepper. It was perfectly tasty. The only critique I had is that it was really spicy for me. I wondered how I will digest this by the end of the night with my sensitive GI system and would have a problem or not... Eventually I did not had any problems,  thankfully. 
As dessert we ordered kunefe, dessert from southern Turkey. we waited 15min as it is best when cooked when you order.I am definitely not a sweet tooth but oh boy, this kunefe was sooo delicious. The cheese inside was authentic texture and taste and the sweetness with crispiness was just right. 
Again the dinner price was appropriate for this quality and service- around 65$ + gratuity. We really liked personally the hospitality of the chef and also very kind waiters overall. 

At Isot, We really felt like "home" and genuine Turkish hospitality.  This place lives up to the high expectation put forward at their slogan: "same taste in Turkey". If you are in Philly, looking for good tasty Mediterranean food in a cosy ambience, look no further, go to Isot!
Visited Isot because the wife loves her Mediterranean food so it's a great way to buy her love. It was quite easy with the totally romantic setting the restaurant has, perfect for date night.

The staff was super-friendly with tons of smiles! They also brought by some free samples! I am not smart enough to remember what they were but one was an appetizer with minced lamb inside lettuce leaves and a beverage that was like a spiced cider of some sort that tasted like Christmas day in Greece!

Our orders were perfect as well. We were boring, just getting kabobs, but they were flavorful and the accompanying rice and vegetables were perfect.

It was a little pricier than the corner Gyro shop around the corner, but oh so worth it even if you didn't have a cutie with you who you wanted to impress.
It's meat on meat on meat on meat, that's if you get the crazy isot special. I came here on Thanksgiving evening with my in-laws, and our appetite got the better of us as we ordered the Isot Mix (combination of lamb chop, beef kebab, lamb kebab, chicken cutlet, kasap kofte, adana kebab), which also came with a mediterranean salad, mixed meze (combination of abugannush, acili ezme, haydari, saksuka, hummus and Russian salad) and we also got the manti - turkish dumpling w/ground beef and lamb.

Needless to say, there was plenty of meat to go around the table for multiple Thanksgiving dinner. The parents really liked the manti, with its chewy texture and cooling yogurt sauce that melted away some of the gamy red meat. The mixed meze was good, although I liked the abugannush more than the Russian salad. As for the isot meat-extravaganza, the lamb chops definitely were the prized presentation, as the 4 chops were seared to perfection with just enough of the fat trimming to maintain the delicious mouth-taste. The adana kebab was a little bit on the fattier side and reminded me of the mcgriddle...which can be good or bad, which I defer to your judgement. My favorite, however, were the chicken cutlet, which to, this day, I have no idea how they marinated the chicken or grilled it to be so tender and succulent.

As for the service, the waitress was very kind and brought out the food at a very expedited pace and explained everything. Can't complain.

Food: 4 stars
Price: 3-4 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
Service: 3-4 stars
Was really happy to discover this marvelous Mediterranean restaurant! The service is impeccable, the vibe warm and cozy, a good value with generous servings, and excellent attractively served dishes. 

We were treated to complimentary warm sweet drinks and appetizer on being seated. Ordered the mezze appetizers, served in a platter were 6 different scoopable items. Yum. Husband ordered  grilled chicken thighs and I ordered meatbally things of beef and lamb. Both were served with rice pilaf, grilled vegetables, a nice green salad and a side topping of marinated thinly sliced red onions and parsley. Delicious! 

We declined dessert but were brought baklava anyway, "because of the wait".  We didn't feel we had waited at all! The baklava was very good and not sickly sweet like it often is. 

Highly recommend Isot!
This place is fantastic!  The food is clean, fresh, authentic and absolutely delish.  What took it to the next level was the absolute attention to detail and kind service.  We went for brunch and were offered the dinner menu in addition.  We made reservations online with a note that a vegetarian would be dining with our party, they acknowledged that upon seating us and then offered vegetarian options without it being a problem or having us having to mention it.
The service was just easy and friendly and perfect.  We are planning on coming back for dinner soon. 
It is BYOB. Did I mention the food is amazing!
The best authentic Turkish food this side of Istanbul! Fresh ingredients, pleasant atmosphere, and an attentive staff all combine for an enjoyable dinner out.
We were on a Saturday for dinner. We got seated right away. We ordered the mixed meze and beyran for appetizer and the chicken kebab platter for entree. This was a lot of food for 2 people. The mixed meze was a mix of 6 different meze with warm pita bread. We enjoyed trying these. The beyran was ok. The chicken kebab platter was good. The service here is great and the waitress was really friendly and made sure we had a good dining experience.
Overall,
Food: 4/5
Service: 5/5
Ambiance: 5/5
Service was incredible. The hostess was warm and friendly, checking on us multiple times. Our server was not a native English speaker but so cheerful and good-natured. We requested a desert menu but he just brought us the check. An honest mistake given we stuffed ourselves on the apps and cleaned our plates on entrees.
The manti was a bit less meaty than I was expecting but flavorful. My mom's kasap kofte was incredible. I had the Adana which was good but not as delectable as the kofte. Want to try the hot hummus next time.
The ambience was clean, uncluttered and inviting. Definitely an intimate and welcoming vibe for dinner. I'd love to return with my boyfriend for a cozy romantic dinner!
Got take out here. We got the Ali Nazik which was really good. It's a great with the pita. The lamb was cooked well that they put on top of it. We also ordered a mix plate to share. Meats were all okay. Pretty full for two people. Would definitely come back for the Ali Nazik. 
There was outdoor seating but looks like they can only accommodate a small number of people.
My partner and I recently made a reservation at Isot after searching for either Turkish or Persian restaurants in the area, and Isot did not disappoint! We loved the charming ambiance of the restaurant and the service we received here was superb. We ordered the 2-person mixed plate, and boy were we stuffed by the end! It came with a combination of lamb chop, beef kebab, chicken cutlet, kasaf kofte, and lamb kebab. On the side, we were served bulgar rice, antep salad, roasted vegetables, an onion parsley salad, and cacik. Yum! All we were missing was a bottle of red wine! If we return we'll be sure to take advantage of the BYO/no-corkage fee policies at Isot.
I'd been wanting to come here for ages and finally visited with a friend. The food wasn't the worst I've ever had but I did find it lacking in flavor, with some clear misses. And service was very slow. We waited to order our entrees after our apps but still, the apps took a long time, too. 

Here's what we ordered:

Pita and haydari: the pita was not only store bought, but very dry and stale. I think it was heated and left out while another appetizer was prepared. There were three gigantic clouds of haydari alongside it. A tasty, tzatziki-like dip. Due to the pita, I wouldn't order this again.

Spinach borek: these spinach-filled pastries were also tasty but the portion consisted of two slim cigars. We would've liked a couple more!

Manti: I was excited to try these popcorn-sized dumplings. They looked fantastic upon arrival, trapped beneath a gossamer sheen of yogurt and red pepper oil. But if you'd have told me they were stuffed with chicken instead of beef and lamb, I wouldn't have argued. The filling was SO bland! The yogurt and red pepper oil were nice, but they, too, provided surprisingly little flavor.

Adana kebab: a spicy lamb and beef kebab. This had decent flavor and a bit of a spicy kick but the texture was on the rubbery side. What really threw me though was a pile of haphazard sautéed vegetables on the plate. Zucchini, peppers, onions. Did not like. Did not want. Some were undercooked. Some were overcooked. No. Flavor. No respect for the veg. The accompanying bulgur rice, tinted red with pepper oil, was thankfully more satisfying!

I probably wouldn't come back here. I want to find flavorful Turkish food. I'll keep looking!
it's byob! We didn't even order much but It comes with so many sides. Nice ambiance , friendly staff. 100% would recommend and go back. Food was really good, tasted fresh. I have had better but this feels like the perfect home cooked meal.
Isot was terrible from beginning to end. We made reservations ahead of time but when we got there, they forgot our reservation but they were able to seat us shortly after. It seemed that because of this, they kept forgetting about my table. What should've been a normal 60-90 minute dinner, ended up being 3 hours. It wasn't even busy.

The food was mediocre and not worth listing. Almost all the dishes we got were cold by the time they arrived. They even brought us the wrong appetizer. Since the service was extremely slow, there was no point in telling the waiter since it would mean that we'd be stuck there for another 30 minutes. That was the first and last time i'll dine at Isot.
Currently the best Turkish food in Philadelphia. Manti (Turkish dumplings) with yogurt and tomato sauce is really good. Kebabs are the best in the city and there are plenty of cold and hot meze options, including many vegetarian ones. Isot Kofte delighted me with how tasty it was. Boreks are very tasty, which spakanopita lovers should definitely try. Some other favorites are the Gavur Dagi salad (mixed salad with walnuts and pomegranate molasses dressing), Ali Nazik (lamb cubes with mashed eggplant), and fried calamari.  Their baklava is one of the best you can find in restaurants. Definitely worth a try. I do go back to this place often. Recommended!
Great food, beautiful minimalist decor with pops of color, and fantastic service! It doesn't get much simpler than that to have a good time and tasty food. Everything on the meze platter was fresh and when paired with the warm pita, it vanished from the plate as fast as it was put down. 

I was torn between getting a lunch/dinner plate vs the Turkish breakfast but went for the breakfast since I was feeling nostalgic for my time in Istanbul. Good assortment of cheeses, jams, bread, and a perfect sunny side up egg in the middle of the plate with potatoes underneath. Delicious! 

What really puts this restaurant over the top for me is the service. The server was charismatic and attentive without being overbearing. This is what great service should be. Something that some of these smaller restaurants lose when they get busy or want to have a quick turnaround. I really hope this place takes off since it seems fairly new and could use a boost of clientele. Don't hesitate to check it out! Will be back!
I went with 5 friends and before we paid the check were talking about when to come back.  The food was incredible - the cold sampler platter was great the lamb chops were fantastic and our vegetarian friend loved her meal. My husband loved his whole fish.  The service was spectacular.  Knowledgeable, efficient and so accommodating. They had all of the appropriate glasses for our beverages, without asking a lovely ice bucket appeared. We felt very well attended to - this is a great place. you should try it.This is a BYO with reasonable prices - just a plus, but go for the food and service.
My wife and I ate here on a Friday with a reservation. Bottom line: we liked it so much we will definitely go back. 

Complimentary refreshing drink at beginning. We had the mixed mezze. So much flavor and variety. I would recommend ordering additional pita with it at the beginning because you'll be trying to use up as much of the flavors as possible. 

We got the spinach and feta boreks. At first when I saw them without any dipping sauce I assumed they would be a bit dry. But I was so wrong. When you bite into it you'll see what I mean. Delish. 

We each gotta a kebab- my wife got the adana kebab and I got the lamb kebab. They will come with a side red onion salad that is delicious
and not to be ignored. The meat on both of them was tender and flavorful. 

Kunefe for dessert is well worth the wait if you haven't had it before. It's not going to destroy your sweet tooth like chocolate cake but the texture balanced with sweet is really interesting. 

Service was very attentive and the noise level was tolerable so we could have a conversation at a normal volume. 

Top this all off with BYO bottle of red and you're set. We'll be back to try out other menu options.
Just don't tell everyone, this place is a true hidden gem.  If you like Mediterranean or love Turkish cuisine, this spot is for you.  The service was authentic - I really believed they were happy to see us - and attentive.  We enjoyed the brunch with dishes that kept coming.  The Manti in a yogurt sauce was a delicious combination of savory, sour and mint.  BYOB with no corkage fee, rare.  Highly recommended for those who love Suraya's fare, but not their prices.
AMAZING 5/5 stars. I took zero pictures because I was having so much fun and enjoying the food like crazy. This time, I wanted to eat first - not my phone!!

The grilled platters were INSANELY good. Perfectly charred meats with a good serving of rice & veggies on the plate. Fave apps: hot hummus and the Ali nazik (eggplant and lamb). Freakiiinn YUUMMMM!!! 
 
A lot of people hype up the meat dumplings here but I personally thought they were a bit odd. The yogurt sauce really chills the dumplings so it becomes a cold soggy texture (do not recommend). 

What I do recommend 10000% is the BYOB here. You can bring in whatever you want (seriously, my friends and I bought in a box of wine and a case of white claws). No questions asked and no corkage fees. 

Hands down the best time with incredible staff. Finger licking good food, all you can drink BYO booze and you can do it all for a fraction of the price at other HH/dinner restaurants.
4.5 stars rounded up to 5 for the hospitality, service and food. 
Get the mezze sampler. Skip the mandi dumplings (on the smaller side, less flavorful, probably over hyped). Get the kanefe dessert. Will try the baklava next time. 
Quaint restaurant. Friendly and warm staff makes it stand out. 
Check it out for sure.
Large portions,  great variety, and BYOB...not very expensive either. There is definitely something for everyone, even the less adventurous!
First of this place horrible first time and last time visit never ever come to this place I don't recommend at all worst food and worst service I ever seen in my life I'm a owner of restaurants too but I have no idea how do they do business they should have minus stars I want owner to contact me ASAP
Charming BYO. Ate there the other evening after I read a mention of it in the Philadelphia Inquirer food section. Was not disappointed! Very fresh, authentic Turkish cuisine with great spices, flavors, contrasts. Had the mixed meze to get a good sampling as well as the Ali Kind (sautéed marinated lamb with gilled eggplant, yogurt garlic sauce). Also tried the Karides Tava (jumbo shrimp -- and they WERE jumbo) in a butter garlic sauce with red pepper. Absolutely delicious. Although I was really full, the platters going to the table next to me smelled wonderful. Am returning this week. Casual, cool atmosphere, knowledgeable, friendly, accommodating staff.
Hike searching the area around a family function to get some lunch I stumbled upon Isot and was intrigued.   We arrived and were instantly greeted very warmly by the staff.   The decor is lovely and welcoming and we pursued the menu.  

The menu is varied - things we knew and things that were new.  We decided to shake it up a bit and try some items we were unfamiliar with.  Service was fast, the food was fresh and delicious - we were not disappointed!   The right amount of spice, warm and cool.   What a wonderful lunch!  And the Turkish coffee is heaven.   

I would highly recommend Isot for lunch or dinner - please move out of your comfort zone and try something new.   You will be glad you did and once here, Isot will become a favorite!
Honestly, I'm a bit surprised about all the 5 star reviews. The atmosphere was great, our server was a sweetheart who checked on us frequently, but the food... Meh. 

We got a shrimp appetizer that was pretty good. The shrimp were cooked to perfection (thoroughly cooked, but still had that crunch) and the sauce was pretty tasty. No complaints about the dish, but it was like $12 for a little bowl of cooked shrimp in sauce. 

Also got chicken, lamb and beef kabobs, along with some grilled veggies. I was really looking forward to some kabobs and these were a bummer. They were all very overcooked. I can see the chicken being cooked well, but grilling beef and lamb until it is black, hard and dry is definitely not what I'd expect from a restaurant. We ate it, but it certainly wasn't enjoyable. 

Maybe I'm ordering the wrong thing here, I don't know. But kabobs are a Turkish staple and with a number of similar places close by that make it better and for less $$, I'm not in a rush to come back and try the rest of the menu. 

Overall, if you want Mediterranean/Middle Eastern style food and care more about ambiance than food, then I guess you'll be fine. 

Sorry, Isot. I really wanted to like you.
Simply put, Isot is awesome.

First, BYOB (duh). Second, their food is out of this world. We had the calamari which was quite good but probably my least favorite thing we ordered. The Shrimp Umburger and the Lamb Kabobs were out of this world. 

Service was also great.

Points for: BYOB, Service, Shrimp Umburger and Lamb Kabobs
No negatives.
Isot is by far the best Turkish restaurant I have ever been to! I am of Middle Eastern decent and have been to a ton of Mediterranean restaurants and Isot is by far my favorite!! The aroma of the restaurant and the quality of service is wonderful. Our waiter was from Turkey and extremely personable. 

My husband and I have been to Isot now 4 times and it has officially become our "spot" to take guests when they visit Philadelphia. We typically order our favorites to start which include the Icli Kofte ( similar to Arabic Kibbe), Hummous (one of the best I've tasted - fresh and amazing) and Mediterranean Salad with Feta cheese. 

For dinner we ALWAYS order the Adana. I've had Adana Kebab at 5 other Turkish restaurants and Isots is by far the best I've had. Better than Efes for those of you from New Jersey. Today my mother in law ordered the Lamb kebab and it was perfectly cooked and melted in your mouth. She is an amazing cook so for her to truly love it was a BIG DEAL lol. My father in law ordered the chicken kebab and it was nothing close to the typical dry chicken you get at other Mediterranean restaurants. Everything they cook is perfectly seasoned and served with vegetables and bulgur on the side. My mother in law said she is normally never a fan of Turkish food but this restaurant changed her mind. 

To end an already amazing meal we ordered the Kanafe for dessert. My mother in law is Palestinian and is therefore very well versed in Kanafe and she was in love with Isots take on it. It was served in a mini pan with walnuts as garnish and it was DELICIOUS. 

I would definitely recommend this hidden gem to anyone interested in Mediterranean food in Philadelphia! We will be back very soon :)
Solid place for Turkish cuisine and great that it is byob.  Not too loud for conversation and the service was nice. None of the food blew me away but was tasty, good flavors. Overall nice experience.
I didnt know what to expect because the place was empty, We were the only ones there, but the food was Delicious, great services and it's BYOB, always a big +. We had the assorted cold appetizer, which had all the spreads on the menu. Perfect if you like trying a little bit of everything. We also tried the seadfood casserole, which was delicious. Fresh and the cheese on top made everything better. Small but worth it.
Stubbled upon this hidden Turkish gem while skimming through Yelp one hungry afternoon. Since we went at an odd time (3pm), we were the only ones at that restaurant. The waiter was SO nice and was very attentive to making our experience here a good one. 

The food was good but it didn't really hit the spot. The Meze platter with warm pita was the only dish I really enjoyed. The other dishes - lamb with yogurt (app) and chicken kabob for dinner were okay but I honestly wasn't a fan of the way the meat tasted. 

Overall, I'm think it's worth checking out at least once! It's a very spacious space and BYOB so great for groups and parties!
I just finished a fabulous meal at Isot Turkish Cuisine! I found this restaurant thanks to fellow Yelpers, and as always, their suggestion didn't disappoint. Isot is a charming restaurant with welcoming staff, delicious food and traditional decor. The service here is really a cut above other places. The wait staff checked in on us several times to make sure we were pleased with our meal. 

Ordered:

Amuse bouche (complimentary)- to start Isot Turkish Cuisine brought bulgar cooked with vegetables wrapped in romaine lettuce, topped with tomato and drizzled with a sweet pomegranate sauce. This little pocket was a nice way to begin the meal. 

Mediterranean salad ($12)- this was a beautiful very large sized salad composed of romaine lettuce, diced tomato, cubed cucumber, mint, olives and crumbled feta cheese. The mint added a refreshing and bright flavor. It was dressed with a light vinaigrette. The salad was plenty for three people. 

Lentil soup ($9)- Isot Turkish Cuisine had a red lentil soup on the menu this evening. The soup was comforting on this chilly night. It was puréed smooth and I believe it was spiced with cumin. 

Hot hummus ($9)- this wasn't my favorite item that we sampled. It was unique and topped with crushed walnuts which were tasty, however, I found the other flavors (such as tahini) to overpower the chickpea flavor. 

Karides Tava ($12)- the shrimp were succulent and cooked in a butter, garlic and pepper sauce. They serve six shrimp in an order. 

Chicken kebab ($16)- my father exclaimed that this was the best chicken kebab he has ever had. The chicken was tender and well seasoned. It was served with sautéed vegetables, bulgar rice, a chopped tomato, cucumber, pepper and onion salad and an onion and parsley salad. 

Isot Turkish Cuisine is BYOB and they do not charge a corkage fee. If you are looking for an authentic and delicious Turkish meal in the Society Hill neighborhood, I recommend Isot Turkish Cuisine.
This place is amazing - I don't know which was better, the food or the service. Came here with a party of nine to celebrate a birthday. Server was so accommodating, asking us how we'd like to bring out the cake, what arrangement of candles, when to bring out the wine we brought, etc. He was extremely attentive, always making sure our glasses were filled and we had everything we needed.

Food - we got the mix meze to get a taste of everything for an appetizer. The yogurt sauce was amazing. We also got the Ali Nazik (eggplant and yogurt sauce with meat) which wasn't bad but I wasn't a huge fan since the texture of eggplant is extremely mushy - but my friends all loved it. My favorite dish was the Coban Kavurma - oh my goodness it is a must order. Lamb was cooked perfectly (I am a HUGE fan of lamb), very tender and fatty and the onion, green pepper jawn it came mixed in with was just a very delicious combination. It was extremely oily but I did not care in the slightest it was just too good to not indulge in. I loved this restaurant - would definitely come back again for a nice fancy dinner!
We had an amazing time at this spot. Our waiter (Harry) was so friendly and helpful. He suggested his favorites from the menu, which we tried and did not regret! If you like lamb, definitely go for any of the lamb dishes here. 
Our appetizer was filled with flavor and so enjoyable. 
Our waiter kept the pita flowing! (There's nothing quite as terrible as a place that's sting with bread). 
Our meals were satisfying and the portion sizes were good. 
We will be returning!
Debating between 3 and 4 stars but giving them the 4 because of the wonderful service and the fact that it's BYOB. 

It was 10:15 on a Friday night and the restaurant door was already locked. I called earlier to ask what time they close and she said the kitchen closes at 11pm. Okay, so I peeped through the window and saw no one inside but I decided to call anyway to see what the deal was. She said they are starting to close the kitchen but will kindly let us in. I felt bad to keep the restaurant open just for me and my boyfriend but honestly I've been banking to try this Turkish restaurant out for awhile so I really didn't feel too bad (*smirk*).

Mix Meze - love, love, love. The acili ezme (spicy red dip) and humus were hands down my favorite. Also comes with unlimited pita bread. 

Lamb Chops - Good, not great. Could've been more flavorful plus in my opinion $28 is a little too pricey for 4 pieces of lamb with some couscous and salad. 

Manti (turkish ravioli) - would not recommend. Way too much oil and I could barely taste the meat. If you really want to try it, I would suggest asking going easy on the oil and make it more spicy/flavorful
Made a reservation with Yelp SeatMe and were quickly seated at the table nearest the large front windows. Great Turkish spot off of South Street. Friendly service, BYOB, and approachable menu. We started with the cold mezze platter - the spicy pepper dip was phenomenal - and the hot hummus (also great). Thanks to many Yelpers, we tried the Monti as will - very flavorful and unique. For an entree, we split the Kasap Kofte which were phenomenal (though wish I saved more room for them!). Thankfully, found my second stomach for dessert and enjoyed the baklava made with pistachio. Friendly service, and comfortable decor. A win!
I love this spot. Warm ambiance and warm waiters. The mezze sampler of dips was delicious. They also gave us complimentary tea and a complimentary appetizer. They really treat their customers well.
Absolutely loved this place! I celebrated my 27th birthday here with a group of 8 other ladies, and it was 5-stars all around: service, food, ambiance, cost, etc. 

To start, our server was incredible! We kept whispering and giggling among ourselves that he was absolutely winning in the most dear and polite type of way - there was full consensus at our table. To elaborate on the service, it so happened that while they were bringing out the cake for my birthday, my friend's hair caught on fire from the candle at the center of the table as she was leaning over the table to get a picture of me! Thankfully, once we put the fire out, she was perfectly fine other than being in shock. It was still an unfortunate scare though, and the server brought out special tea on the house to help her feel better. 

The food was phenomenal too; it's really nice to go to a place where you can share some of the plates together and try all kinds of things. I especially loved how tender and tasty the lamb was (highly recommend). It's also BYOB, which is always nice on the wallet, especially given the nice calm type of ambiance (aka not crowded with college kids drinking boxed wine). 

All in all, I had an wonderfully lovely experience, and would def recommend.
The food was great! And the ambience was fantastic but we came in at 715 and were being forced to wrap up by the server by 845, first by asking us about dessert before the entree was done and then placing the check on the table even before we were done. Half the restaurant was empty and yet the server Yavuz couldn't stop being pushy and EXTREMELY unprofessional. Isot is a great place for food but do everything you can to avoid being served by Yavuz!
The food was delicious. The atmosphere is cozy and welcoming. The waitstaff was attentive and very informative. Everything from the complimentary tea and bite size appetizer, to the meat mixed platter and appetizer sampler was flavorful and filling. The meats were cooked perfectly: tender and delicious. Everyone in my group left happy. We will absolutely be returning.
I was looking online for a Turkish place for 7 family members and came across Isot. Reading the reviews, I was sure they are all fake. Too good to be real. One review after the other were all commanding the place but boy, oh boy, everything was terrific. The lentil soup, the chopped salad with nuts, the bummus, the vegetarian borek great! The presentation beautiful and the service attentive and pleasant.
 And than came the main entreés. Lamb, chicken, beef, chops, kufte. We ordered them all.there was no one bad dish. We are from the New York area and have plenty of choices for Mediterranean food, let me tell you, go to Philly, go to Isot.
Thank you for making our dinner experience last night a most pleasant family event.
I don't even know where to begin...
First time writing review in my life.
Even if I get the worst service I never bother myself to write a review but please take a guess how frustrated I am. And so sad that im Turkish myself for this review.

Had a reservation for 3 yesterday just to introduce our beautiful cultures to my American friends and was really really excited that finally we were going there after all the best reviews.
Guys... I wish I could take the time back... As a Turkish person this was SUCH A HUGE shame that all 3 of us had to leave with a empty stomach after paying 135 dollar bill!
Turkish restaurants are mostly known by the tasty foods and also the amount of food! Everything was a kid portion yet priced as entree for an adult.

First of all you can't sell the most popular/ most known dish "Manti" as a STARTER!? It is like you are going to Italian restaurant and seeing Pizzas and Pastas are only a starter and entrees mostly have something you can already have it in every spot. Not too hard to guess why; not easy to make and saving money on it.
Ok I get that. But then you can't sell it for 22 dollars if it's only a starter! Not one single business is easy to build. You have to make the best of it to be the best. If it's too hard to prepare then don't make money from it ( don't put it in the menu) That's why we were the only customers I guess...
Anyways... I didn't even realize it was starter since it's our most known "dish". (not an appetizer) And the server.... O M G! Whenever I asked him something about menu, he replied me back as he doesn't know about that.... And worse; he didn't even bother himself to go check with kitchen for an answer. He literally just stared at us with a weird "jerky" (wait im coming to that part) smile that smile says "order it now I don't have time for you". I mean you are going to earn money from this table. Nobody makes 30 dollars an hour this easily... You can't tell us you don't know that and that. I was gonna ask "do you know anything?" But thought it would be rude so I asked him if he is new there. He said "NO". So it was just you being impudent to us to say you don't know anything and clearly not caring at all and still coming to table if we are ready! But believe me this is not even why I am mad. My friend and I were so pissed because he was almost gonna touch my friends hand and her hair?!! This was the worst part of it. You can not try to touch people just because they have tattoos and curly hairs. Not only this would be harassment but also covid?!! She luckily didn't mind it because she didn't even care about him. But he was checking us the whole time so we couldn't even speak and I never felt this uncomfortable in my whole life. He tried to flirt with me as well just because I am Turkish too... I was so mad!
The "only" I mean really "only" good thing about him was refilling waters.
As a server myself not once I made people upset about anything always trying to solve problems and trying the best of me everytime to make them leave happy even if I would earn couple bucks from the table. Because this is the job that I have. I need to do what I need to do. I need to know every single dish that we are selling and etc....
We got dessert at the end of the night and guess what happened? After 2 or 3 minutes im not exaggerating this, he dropped the check and TOOK the dessert in front of us! While we had only couple bites! What made you think that we were done?

Believe me you guys as a server myself I was gonna tip him ZERO that I would never ever do. But lt was that terrible.
Let me give tips about there;
If you are hungry DON'T GO THERE
If you are going there to have a good time with your friends and family and have a conversation with them DON'T GO THERE. That server will be listening you the whole time and will make his best to make you uncomfortable.
If you don't wanna get touched DON'T GO THERE.
After paying 150 dollars if you don't wanna make yourself grilled cheese at home afterwards DON'T GO THERE.
Cause believe me this is exactly what's going to happen if you go there.
Traditional Mediterranean cuisine with great service and friendly waitress. I came here with a party of 5 for Sunday brunch. Our reservations were set for 11:45 and we arrived a little earlier than our designated time. The place was not crowded - only one other table but I liked the fact that it wasn't overflowing with too many people.

For food, Isot offered some more standard brunch options but also had a separate menu for the more traditional dishes. For starters, my table ordered the dip platter - that was fantastic! Served with six different dips and a side of pita. We also ordered the crisply calamari which everyone enjoyed.

I've already recommended this place to a couple of friends asking for restaurant ideas in Philly.
I challenge you to find a better meal in Philadelphia at this price point.  I have now been to this delightful BYOB several times, both at tables for two and in a large group, and I am consistently impressed by everything about the place.  From the charming hostess to our favorite waiter Yavuz, the staff have all been friendly, attentive, and seem genuinely happy to serve.  The place has a delightful ambiance and everything is very clean.  

I have tried probably 2/3 of the dishes, and each of them I would order again.  Favorites include the Shrimp Umburger and Ali Nazik.  The lamb chops are perhaps the most flavorful, tender meat I've ever tasted.  Portions tend to be quite large, especially the platters and - the "1 person" size Mix Plate was almost enough for a meal for two! 

I'm tempted to keep this place a secret, but at the same time, I want to see them open and busy.  Thankfully, it seems like business is picking up for them lately.  Bravo, Isot!
I loved this place! The food is seriously amazing! This is my first experience with Turkish/Mediterranean food and it was so good! I would definitely recommend going for the lamb! The service was also spot on! Yavuz was our server and he was super attentive and nice and he was actually from Turkey!! He was so funny and taught us how to pronounce the food names correctly and made the overall experience amazing! I'm from California so sadly I can't come back too soon but anytime I'm in Philly I will definitely return!
We hosted a fundraising dinner for about 20 people on a Saturday night in the separate upstairs dining room. The space was perfect for a private event and it was a wonderful night enjoyed by all.  The food was delicious, the service was impeccable, and the price point was great for our fundraising needs.  In addition, the owner was very accommodating and was a pleasure to work with leading up to the dinner.
Isot was amazing.  My fiance and I went here for our (dating) anniversary because it is BYOB, and the food and service were both fantastic.  We got the Mixed Meze (a mix of cold appetizers), which included hummus, babaganush, a sweet pepper spread, a cheesy spread, an olive spread, and more, with plenty of pita.  We also ordered the mixed plate for 2 as our main.  The dishes included with the mixed plate for 2 filled up the whole table.  A big plate of meats including chicken, lamb, beef, maybe pork.  It also came with a really tasty salad, and lots of side dips / veggies, and a couscous dish.  The waiter was very helpful, recommending that we didn't need to order another salad because the Mixed plate came with an "even tastier" salad, and we agreed!  It was nice that he made that recommendation to us because another salad would have been too much food, and it saved us a couple bucks.

The prices were fantastic.  It was our cheapest fancy date in a long time.  The Mixed Meze was $10 and the Mixed plate for 2 was $35, so the total bill was so reasonable.  We also got pistachio baklava for dessert, which was perfect.

We were served a warm cinnamon spicy drink at the beginning of our meal, which was very good, and we got hot tea with dessert.

Overall, our experience was fantastic.  The service was super helpful, and the food was delicious!  I highly recommend checking it out, and I will definitely be back!
Great service and delicious meal! Had the lamb and smoked eggplant appetizer and it knocked our socks off, so good, we almost licked the plate :) then we had lamb and chicken kebab platters. Both were tender and flavorful. Portions were generous and came with a salad and marinated red onions. We were stuffed, but because we had never eaten there, the very sweet waiter offered us their pistachio baklava on the house. It was perfectly two-bite sized (because we could barely eat any more!) and paired nicely with their black tea. I will definitely return!
We went to this place last night. Great staff and foods. I highly recommended "Adana Kebap". If you like Turkish and Mediterrian cuisine don't miss. 

For Turkish users:

Eger ki caniniz Turk yemekleri cekiyorsa guzel bir alternatif. Mercimek corbasi, mezeler, borekler ve kebap secenekleri memnuniyet verici. Mekanda icki satilmiyor ama disaridan istediginiz ickiyi getirebiliyorsunuz.
This place is an easy 5 stars. Our millennial waitress Gavi immediately put us at ease with an incredible litany of specials. After much careful consideration and consultation, I had to go with the seafood cheese casserole thing (sounds insane but much like paneer, it 'just works'), even though I'm mad for branzino.

My better half had the mixed platter and, along with a couple delicious apps, these were a very encouraging introduction to Turkish food in general and definitely one of our new favorite South Philly restaurants.
It was OK. We went at a Saturday night and other than the big party happening in the private space, it was dead. We were hoping for a livelier atmosphere- we were alone most of the night in the front room, which felt very big and empty. The service was great, but right off the bat one weird thing was that the water was sold to us in plastic bottles. I wondered why we couldn't just get a regular glass of water? Food-wise, the mezze mixed plate was a tasty start, and the spinach and feta borek was fine- but small, like tiny fried spring roll tubes. Entrees (chicken kabob and chicken cutlet) were good, but nothing too special. 

If you want a very quiet dinner spot, head here, but if you want to be around other people it's not the place to be.  Honestly I would have no problem giving Isot a better review if there was just a bit more energy to be found here.
I was visiting Philly and craving some home-food. This place is one of the rare, authentic-tasting Turkish restaurants in US. Manti and gavurdagi salad are must-have. Acili ezme tasted great though it might feel a bit hot if you are not too used to it. Finish off your dinner with some homemade baklava, absolutely delicious. Also our server (Yavuz) was very friendly!
I'm a fan of middle eastern foods so Isot was definitely a place that made sense to try. While some of the offerings I've had in other middle eastern or Mediterranean restaurants there were some things that were new to me and maybe specifically Turkish.

The atmosphere is very quaint and simple. I dined in the late evening and lighting was low and there wasn't much of a crowd by this time. Good atmosphere for conversation if u are looking to catch up with a friend or date. 

We started with the Mixed Meze which is a sample platter of most of the cold starters on the menu.  This is what I love about middle eastern food! "Dips" with warm pita bread! There were some new ones I tried at Isot and all were very good. The size of the mixed Meze was perfect for two people or one if you are making that your meal. Any more in your party and you may need to order two or the individual starters. 

The vegetarian offerings are mostly in the starter section but they do offer one vegetarian entree and salads. I chose the Gavur Dagi salad which was huge and very fresh and flavorful. I also ordered the mixed vegetable borek. This had two pieces and we each had one. My friend is a meat eater and he ordered the lamb chops. He said the flavor was great.  I also tasted his rice and veggies that came with the entree. Overall the food was fresh, clean, and tasty. 

When we got the check we were surprised how much food we ate for the price. Granted we had water with dinner and they gave us a complimentary piece of baklava but still a relatively inexpensive meal for dining out in Philly. This place is BYOB btw.
