This is a phenomenal little place with a great sign-- the only reason I stopped in, actually (considering Veracruzana and Los?/Tres? Jalapenos are only blocks away). They also have a cart, but I haven't figured out where they park it yet. It appears to be family run, but I'll learn more, seeing as how I plan to become a regular.

I gotta be honest. I am a spicy food wimp. BUT I loooove fajitas (sans beans) and tacos of all kinds (except fish). I want to give the place 5 stars, but considering my wimpiness,  I'm not gonna eat enough from the menu to really feel like I can do that. At any rate, in my humble opinion the food here out of this world delicious. And unbelievably cheap. The people are nice, and though small, the storefront is bright and clean.

I'm thrilled to have chanced upon this incredibly, wonderfully, authentic (in thsi gringa's eyes, anyway) Mexican food. I plan on doing my part to ensure that they stay in business, and I hope that you will, too ;)
As Christina G and Nina S have yelped, we were all here Saturday night. I didn't partake in the pork tacos or chicken fajitas, but I had my shrimp fajitas and loved them. So much, in fact, that I took the boyfriend back tonight and ordered the same thing.

Unlike Christina, he was brave enough to try the super spicy sauce from the back. He was sweaty from it. 

We took tequila with us this time, and tried two different margarita mixes. The first: cherry, orange, and lime blend tasted like fresh squeezed juices and was just sweet enough. The latter, pomegranate, was great initially, but a bit too sweet after a glass or so.

Because my boyfriend is obsessed with tres leches, he order that for dessert, and it was the best I've ever tried, I think. He also ordered a Mexican Coffee and enjoyed it.

This isn't a fancy joint, but the food is yummy and it can fit you and all your friends at once.
I have never been so happy to find good Mexican food in this city. What makes this place all the better is that they deliver...YAY!  Used GrubHub to get some delicious dinner and it was here within 45 minutes. If you know Philadelphia you know delivery under an hour, on a weekend, during dinner time, is almost unheard of. Plus the delivery guy called me senorita when I greeted him at the door...Bonus Points! 

The chicken enchiladas with red sauce were the perfect amount of heat and the corn tortillas just soaked up all the deliciousness. The hubs had the burrito pastor and it was a MEGA sized burrito filled with yummy yummy goodness. 

The only star they lose is for the guacamole. While the serving size is huge and it's served with a healthy amount of fresh made tortilla chips, I thought it was just slightly lacking in flavor. I like a more complex tasting guac, this was a little creamy and flat. I added some fresh sea salt and that seemed to help. 

All in all this was some great mexican, and it makes it all the more better that I can enjoy it from my couch!
I'd ordered out from here a few times before I had the delight of going to the actual restaurant, so I was familiar with the fact that their FOOD IS AMAZING. The menu is expansive and delicious. A few favorites: the hongo relleno (portabello mushroom with crab stuffing!! and cheese! it's creamy and delicious!), nachos mixtos, the enchiladas, their guac, and the chocolate cake (GET THE CAKE). 

Tip #1: Bring tequila. Margarita mix is free. I went there recently and arrived before the rest of my friends so the server had mixed drinks and poured shots for everyone before they even stepped foot in the restaurant. 

It's a wild ride of a place. The food is so worth it, as is (in my opinion) the (high) chance you will end up eating your entire meal wearing sombreros. As other yelpers have mentioned, the server makes it his personal mission to make sure you are stuffed beyond comprehension with delicious food, and makes you feel at home (home?) in such a bizarre and wonderful way that I've never experienced in another restaurant. He's probably bored, honestly, and restaurant patrons are an easy form of amusement. I cannot recommend him highly enough. I'm not even one for really hands-on waiters usually, but he is a gem. Even though he can't speak Spanish, he knows the menu like the back of his hand and will guide you as you will undoubtedly be overwhelmed from the sheer magnitude of choices. Fortunately, everything is so good, you really can't go wrong. 

Tip #2: Be open to wearing sombreros. It might happen.
Princess Iztaccihuatl, that's who. In the Nahuatl language the name means, "White Woman," in reference to the white-capped volcanic mountain. Didja know, didja know? We've ordered delivery from this place so frequently over the last few months that I took the time to learn how to actually pronounce, "Iztaccihuatl," instead of continuing what I had been doing, which was to say, "Izz..." and just trail off. This had been my lazy habit when suggesting the spot for some late night delivery nachos.

Certainly it was high time to brush up on my knowledge of the geography, topography and folklore of Mexico anyway, but I also enjoy acting as the insufferable know-it-all, after all as well: "Hey, didja know Iztaccihuatl is a dormant volcanic mountain?! It means White Woman." I mean. I started off the damn review with that fact, just pleased as punch that I learned something from these here internets. Snacks and facts, baby. That's the ole gal in a taco shell. Uh yeah, so the realization that this place is likely gonna stay heavy in the delivery rotation that got me curious- how bout I know what the heck I'm talkin about? 

I'm talkin about fast, easy, and reliable delivery through grubhub. I'm talkin bout the fact that they're generous wit the little containers of tasty red and green salsa, if you ask for extra- and I always do.

The nachos vegetarianos are my favorite order. Now, if you are in the habit of selecting vegetarian items from offa Mexican menus about town, you probably have had odd instances of being served up either a straight up refried beans and cheese type o' combo, or some senseless melange of frozen, or worse- canned vegetables, folded into whatever concoction. Maybe you've been left puzzled, "What the hell is with this carrot? What's this random string bean about?" I know. I've been there.

This is not the case if you order the vegetarian nachos from Iztaccihuatl. A mound of chips will meet you, covered in beans and cheese, yes, but also piled with sauteed peppers and onions, corn, zucchini, yellow squash, mushrooms, and crema. Lovely.

Be advised, if you also order anything entitled, "vegetariano," this is likely the mix that will be up in your enchiladas or what have you. Not a complaint, but you may wanna mix up the flavor profiles by gettin ya a mushroom quesadilla, or maybe those tacos de jalapenos rellenos de queso, if you're in the market for some more meatless items. The latter are tacos of cotija cheese-stuffed jalapenos. And I like em. Muy mucho.

Iztaccihuatl: Good prices, good portions, good for delivery. Keep up the good work, white woman!
Great for late night delivery. I ordered via GrubHub. They close at 12, and I ordered at 11pm on a Sunday night. I got my food by 11:40pm. 
I got a steak platter and tilapia tacos and both were delicious. All food arrived very hot.
Ask for sides of home made hot sauce. They are delicious!
I'll definitely order from here again.
Yes!  Great Mexican food!  I've been underwhelmed by most of the other "best Mexican" places people have recommended and now, finally, the gleaming ray of sunshine that is Izatccihuatl has entered my life.  

The green & red salsas that came with the chips were spicy and flavorful; the whole table took turns tasting each one trying to decide which one was spicier, still a draw.  Choriqueso was incredible, not too greasy and quite tasty.  I got the chalupas and covered them in salsas... satisfaction attained.
I was here on Saturday night with Nina S and Sarah F. I can't believe I haven't been here sooner. Service was excellent. Food was delicious. I split the chicken fajitas and pastor pork tacos with my friend. Both portions were very big and we had left overs. Food is authentic. The pork tacos came with 3 tacos with a generous amount of pork in each taco topped with cilantro and onions for only $6. The fajitas were a nice size portion of chicken, bell peppers and onions with tortillas on the side. They also give complimentary chips and salsa. One of the salsas was very spicy. I hear you can get an even spicier salsa from the back upon request but I don't know if I dare. Our waiter was awesome.

BYOB. They were fine with us bringing in both wine and vodka for our table. 

I don't think you can find better Mexican for the price.

It is a nice size restaurant and there were plenty of tables on a Saturday night since most of their orders are delivery so this would be a good spot for a group.
This is a great authentic Mexican restaurant! It is BYOB so don't forget to bring a bottle  to enjoy with your meal. 

The food is so delicious and very affordable! I had the Pastor Pork Tacos and I think they are my favorite pork tacos I have ever had. The order comes with 3 full sized tacos served on corn tortillas topped with cilantro and onions. They only cost $5.95! That is a steal!
Torta Cubana. End of story. 

Just kidding, my story starts with a venture into the Bella Vista area on a Sunday night. I was on searching for something other than Vietnamese food. I stumbled upon a restaurant that I can't imagine pronouncing correctly the first ten tries. I walked in and asked if I could see a menu for take-out and the gentleman, John, sat me at the bar. 

The place is pretty roomy. Nothing fancy here, tables and chairs with Spanish music playing. I asked John for recommendations and he immediately pointed out the Torta Cubana. Before I left, I received a history lesson and learned how to pronounce the restaurant's name; Ees-tah-see-wah. 

This football-sized sandwich is no joke. I unwrapped the foil and was immediately impressed with the presentation. I don't know how they did it but they managed to cram 12 ingredients in between two slices of Bolillo bread. What's more amazing is that each ingredient is layered neatly, and you can see each layer. It looked like a sandwich you would see on TV! Everything about the Torta was excellent. I cannot wait to go back to try the rest of the food at Iztaccihuatl.
I decided to take a chance on Iztaccihuatl (for takeout) on a lazy weekday evening while craving Mexican food. I ordered the Enchipotladas which were surprising spicy but a good size and came with a nice complement of rice and beans. My fiance ordered the Tacos Al Pastor which she also enjoyed. We also ordered a side of tortillas and guacamole and the serving size of guac. is enormous. I'm not quite sure how they could even make a profit while serving such a large portion of guac. for under $7.

The delivery was dropped off prior to the estimated time and the quality was comparable to eat in (still hot and together). 

A great meal for evenings when you don't feel like like changing out of your sweatpants.
Nachos. Nachos. Nachos. Good lord the nachos.

I can't say enough great things about this place (and the nachos). 
Both times I've been have been during restaurant week in Center City so the place was pretty empty. Apparently it gets pretty busy during the week and it's not rare that the place will be filled with merriment and cheer when 90% of it is reserved for a big party. The waiter was attentive and twice has suggested some spot on delicious meals. He even let us choose the Pandora station to listen to!

The food is incredible and it is very inexpensive. Second time I went everyone raved about their meal and their drinks (we brought tequila and they had the margarita mix ready for us). I had a the seafood soup and went for the optional pasta instead of the soup. The plate was bigger than my head and was brimming with deliciousness. I took it home and it fed me for 2 more meals! 
For 6 people the bill was just over $100 and this was after the nachos (remember me raving about that?), guac, and meals that could feed twice as many of us. 

Be warned it's a BYOB but they are more than happy to pour it for you. Believe me...*more* than happy. 

This is definitely a date night restaurant. Don't worry if neither of you speak Spanish -- the waiter is Italian and speaks English (ask him to tell you the story of how he got the job!) so that's not a problem. He does speak some Spanish from working there for a while so that isn't lost.

All around a really great place to have a delicious meal and a laugh.
Dear baby Jesus,

Yes, the baby one.

I don't believe in you, but what a fun expletive to blast off a review.

It was my dear friend D's birthday, and she likes to eat a lot of food and good food.  My other friend, H, and I are broke motherfuckers, so we had to think quick on our feet.  Remembering that D lUrVeS~~ Mexican, I suggested Izzy (as I will now refer to this place).

The space is laid out bizarrely, service is unhurried, and we weren't informed there were non-alcoholic drinks to purchase (you can BYOB), but who the fuck cares?

For 22$, we had a FEAST.

The salsa and chips are excellent starters and disappeared rapidly.  They were spicy in a pleasant, lingering way, which sent D and H for the water and me for more.  I more or less chose D's menu (H is a vegetarian-enough and ordered a veggie burrito, which she said was great).

So, when the sopes al pastor and fried steak tortas showed up, I was wriggling in my seat.

The sopes!  8$-something!  Thick fried corn tortilla!  A little salsa of tomatoes!  Lettuce! Quesa!  Sour cream (I think?)!  THE AL PASTOR, LADIES, GENTLEMEN AND UNICORNS.  THE AL PASTOR.

I can't even begin to describe its flavor, but the pineapple cut perfectly through its heady meatiness until your mouth was sweetly singing to you.

And the tortas!  Soft bread, mayo, avocado, little bits of that special stringy cheese, a succulently fried steak!  I don't like beef, but I gobbled up my half.

I can't decide whether Veracruzana or Izzy will be my go-to, so I propose more research.
Jumbo burrito ftw! With a name like this(that I can't even pronounce), can't go more authentic than this! 

Order online first for easy pick up!
Review for my GRUBHUB order.. which is AWESOME! 

So based on other GrubHub reviews, I waiting until my 2nd order to write this. Each order was FAST and still WARM and being a rather experienced Grubber....Warm is GREAT (keep in mind they have to cook it and deliver it).

I always get the steak taco's and you get 3 GIGANTIC and totally filled with steak taco's. They are so amazing. We also get the chips and guac which comes with a couple yummp hot sauces, and they give you a REALLY LARGE portion of guac too! 

My husband gets the steak platter with shrimp, jalapenos, and cactus and he devours it! His words are, EXCELLENT to describe it. 

So if you are looking for mexican, this is the only place that I will order from...good grubbing!! And I can't wait to go in person and try this place out...YUMMY!
I dont know why this place has so few reviews? This is one of the best mexican places I have ever had food from. Their portions are very generous and the food is on point. The red sauce is perfectly spicy. I highly recommend this for delivery aswell. I think grubhub does free delivery for over $15. I loved my beef and chorizo burrito. Def worth a try and is also inexpensive compared to other mexican places in the city.
I've always hated restaurant week because hidden jems like Iztaccihuatl aren't part of it.  I got the pork burrito, it filled me up, and was only about $8.  The inside of the restaurant was kind of bare inside but I felt it was very authentic and comfortable.  The waitress had no problem taking our $10 gift certificate from restaurants.com despite it stating lunch only and we were there for dinner.  I can't wait to go back or order take out from this little place!!
We only had tacos here but hands down one of the best we've had in the city! Lean, generous portion of meat, overflowing cilantro, warm taco shells that don't fall apart and most importantly, no soggy oil at the bottom! Flavors are spot on and we were completely stuffed! 

The mild salsa is a little too spicy for me so be careful to not put too much. We would've loved it a bit more if the radish were pickled like the Guapos Tacos truck, but $7 for 3 massive tacos, we're not complaining.

We'll definitely be back to try other dishes!
We were the only ones in the place on a Friday night.  BYOT.  Brought our own tequila for margaritas.  Friendly service and good food.  Very large portions.  Owner's entire family helped serve our meal, including their 5 year old daughter who brought out the salsa.
A Mecca of SUPERB Mexican food. A must-go for authentic mexican-cuisine!! 

 I will be back again to bring friends and family. :)
Best place for Mexican food in Philly. Hands down John is the best server who is always super sweet and on top of it. He makes you feel like a welcomed guest in his home...or something like it. Great place for large groups. No corking fee and the largest party gets to control the radio also. Love this place. And that's coming from someone who is used to Mexican food in California.
Excellent south Philly mexican BYOB. They are open late (until midnight I believe) and  seem to be known for their delivery via GrubHub.

The interior is nice and clean enough for a hole-in-the-wall joint. The inside is surprisingly big enough for groups.

The food here is great. Complimentary chips with red and green salsa. If you want something spicier, ask for the hot stuff from the back.

I recommend:
- Alambre Iztaccihuatl
- tacos al pastor
- sopes (try it with carnitas)
- tostada de tinga
- Torta (milanesa or heuvos/chorizo)

Don't forget to bring some beer, wine or tequila with you!
Tasty, inexpensive and open late--all the attributes I enjoy in a taco place. Al Pastor tacos had the right amount of spiciness and sweetness, the fish tacos rocked, and salsas were flavorful and provided just the right kick. Big place with a bar... that doesn't serve alcohol, but it's BYO, which only adds to the greatness of this tucked-away spot.
who cares that i have no idea how to pronounce iztaccihuatl because this spot straight up delivers (literally).  ever get intimidated to order authentic mexican food because you don't speak much spanish?  well worry no longer, online ordering from my couch just brought my anxiety level down a few notches (plus there's also those times i'm just a little too lazy to wander over to the italian market for my taco fix).  at iztaccihuatl each taco meal is only six or seven bucks and comes with three generously stuffed tacos with the meats sauteed in onions and cilantro, and wrapped in double corn tortillas.  they also come with a couple slices of radish and lime and three different spicy salsas.  the tacos al pastor are definitely the way to go.  lightly charred sweetly marinated pork with sauteed onions and cilantro.  yum.  you'll thank me later.
Tacos and Sopes are some of the best i've had in the neighborhood, especially the  Chuleta Ahumada. Also very friendly staff.
PROS: TACOS AL PASTOR (pork and pineapple)! I order this for delivery ALL THE TIIIIIME! it's so delicious. I was skeptical at first because I wasn't sure what fruit and meat mix would be like, but it's the perfect balance and combination of flavors. mmMMMM. Also, I ask for their spicy green and orange sauce and it is just perfection. Delivery is fast too, about 45 min considering the distance. Very pleased and will always order from here for my taco craving.
This place offers sizable portions of very fresh Mexican cuisine.  It's open late and offers quick, no frills delivery at reasonable prices.  There are plenty of places hoping to compete in South Philadelphia, but only one or two are really in the same league, I've found.  My only complaint is that the guac is not as flavorful as I'd like.  I prefer a potent guac and theirs is more about the mild flavor of the aguacate.  However, their pico de gallo and salsas definitely make up for that.  Long story short, if I'm jonesing for tacos, this is probably where you'll find me.
Oh. My. God!  This place is literally a hidden gem!!!!  I got a gift certificate from Restaurant.com and decided to give this place a try since I love Mexican food.  I was highly impressed with everything. I had the veggie burrito and it was as authentic as being in Mexico. It was perfect!  I also got an appetizer which was layered with fresh crab meat, avocado, tomatoes and lettuce.  My husband and I were literally fighting over it!!!  We also got dessert which was a vanilla cake. So, with 2 entrees, 1 appetizer and dessert, our bill came to $26!  I couldn't even use the gift certificate (min of $37). We plan on going back with some friends. It's also a BYOB which I loved!! We brought our own margaritas :)
This place has great mexican food!  I just came back from cancun cant get any more authentic than this!
I order delivery from Iztaccihuatl quite frequently and am never disappointed.  The food is always delicious!  I've become addicted to the esquites (if you ever had grilled corn with sauce and mexican cheese, this is the soup version) and manzanas con crema (so.good.seriously.).  Of course, their guacamole and chips are perhaps my favorite in the city.  I can't wait to order again!
This has to be the best Mexican place in Philly. My favorite dish here is the carnitas enchilada burrito, but I have never heard anything but terrific things from other people I've eaten with who've tried a variety of their dishes. Prices are also extremely reasonable and I've never had any problems with either delivery or pick-up orders. If you want really flavorful, delicious Mexican food, this is your place.
Ordered "Carne Enchilada y Cesina Platter" delivery via Seamless.  Food came in 30 minutes in a fabulous presentation.  Portion was enormous for the low price.  This was my second time ordering from them...will order a third time
Wow, this place is fantastic!  My food arrived more quickly than expected and it was delish!  The portions were really big and the prices not bad.  I'll definitely being ordering from Iztaccihuatl again!
The fact that they let me order my food AN HOUR before it closed and its still not here and they done blocked me from calling is unacceptable and FUCKING rude now that I waited all night and it's Sunday  I can't order shit fuck them LYIN ass mofos
I'm giving this 5-stars because the quality of the food. I went here this past weekend and the food was amazing. The interior is clean and simple. The staff was very friendly and attentive. Food was prompt and definitely fresh! I can appreciate a quality and authentic dish, and that's exactly what we got! The tortilla were clearly fresh and home-made.. and combined with fresh Mexican sausage topped with cheese.. it was a delight! It was the type of food you might expect from a "gourmet" authentic-mexican restaurant in Rittenhouse Square charging $30-40 per plate. Take away the frou-frou decor and uppidy prices, and you get Iztaccihuatl! Hop in a cab or pickup the phone for delivery and see for yourself!
I wanted to save my 100th review for a special place. Conveniently, I just went to one yesterday!

I really wanted to take more pictures of the delicious food here to show off this incredible restaurant to the Yelp community, but most of our food was instantly inhaled long before I ever got a chance to whip out my camera. 

If you like great, affordable Mexican food served in generous portions, this is the place for you. If you want to find out what outstanding hospitality in restaurant service looks like, look no further. Come into this establishment on a night when Jon is working. I've been to many restaurants, and I don't think I've EVER experienced such great service. He is extremely knowledgeable about the food, very engaging without being pushy, and extremely good at making you feel at home. His menu suggestions were all great. 

We started off with the Nachos Mixtos, which had such a generous amount of toppings on top of a generous bed of crispy tortilla chips. We also had the Bistec Iztaccihuatl Platter (steak stuffed with shrimp and crab, covered in cheese and chipotle sauce... sounds like a heart attack waiting to happen, but totally worth it) and the Tacos de Lengua - both of which were very good. It was such a wonderful meal complemented by a free pitcher of margarita mix (BYOB). We were stuffed AND felt like we were still bringing most of our food home. By the end of the meal, I was curious about dessert, but alas, there was no more room in my stomach. 

Not to worry, I will be back to try the desserts, and I have no doubt they will be as excellent as the rest of the food.
Had dinner there with 2 friends on 4/1. Service and food were outstanding. We started with tacos and beef - best tacos that we've ever had!  The list of entrees is amazing - we couldn't decide. I had one of the specials: large corn taco covered with refried beans, pastor pork, cactus, lettuce, cheese, etc.  Awesome dish and too much to finish!  We shared their home made tiramisu which was also outstanding. The restaurant is a BYO which we like as well. Total cost per person including tip was $20.  Definitely going back.
Love this place. Great tacos, nachos, sopes, and fundido. Quick delivery and great staff. Never disappointed in making a choice to eat/order from here.
I order from Iztaccihuatl at least once a week. I'm not exaggerating. I love this place. The Hongo Relleno is so delicious and their Carne Asada + Cesina platter can easily feed a family of four. Try everything. A++++
hmm... so I have very mixed feelings about this place these days. I went in late January and it was pretty empty on a friday evening but the food was wonderful and cheap and we all had a great time. I came back, very excited, in May and the place was PACKED - swarming with college aged kids and large parties. Obviously the news is out that this joint makes a great BYO spot due to its enjoyable atmosphere and free margaritas (if you bring tequila). 

Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like the staff can keep up with the restaurant's popularity these days. The service took a long time, the food took even longer, and unfortunately, the quality of the grub was stunningly bad compared to our first visit. I got the chimichanga, which was fine, but almost everything else that we ordered was subpar. 

With great power comes great responsibility! I'm not going to give up on this place just yet, but they need to hire some more staff or something, because they obviously can't handle the heat.
I love this place so much! It is byob AND they don't charge anything to make margaritas for you. Food is BANGIN' and the server is very friendly. I don't have a single negative thing to say about this place :)
I celebrated a friend's birthday the other month at Iztaccihuatl, taking full advantage of the BYO policys and friendly service.  I remembered to go back for lunch.  The "Bistec Fiesta Atzala Platter" has shrimp, beef, chicken, a sope, queso fresco, pico de gallo, rice, beans, and tortillas on the side. Its $13 and is enough food for 2 people. I had to move the piece of nicely grilled beef to uncover a simple, yet pretty sizable piece of chicken. I really liked the sope, which came with mole sauce, and the plump grilled shrimp. I felt pretty festive eating beef, fowl, and seafood in one sitting.
I have been on a Mexican food pilgrimage as of late, and I learned about Iztaccihuatl from Philadelphia Midtown Lunch (which, by the way, you should bookmark if you truly love good food).

Now, because I had just eaten at this place, my stomach is getting in the way of my ability to type and think coherently, so let me summarize my thoughts:

1.) Bistec Fiesta Ozolco Platter: If you need to have variety in your life, I recommend this meal wholeheartedly. You get a parade of grilled beef, chicken, and pork in addition to a chile relleno (fried pepper with stuffed cheese), extra cheese, rice, guacamole, beans, and salsa.  Price? $13 dollars. Not bad at all, and arguably you can eat this with someone else. But really, why do that? Eat the whole thing yourself. 

2.) Tacos de Carne Enchilada: I have not seen tacos stuffed to the brim like ones here at Iztaccihuatl. Sort of reminded me of Korean marinated spicy pork, but you get to add salsas, cilantro, onions, and lime on top. Price? $6. Okay, now that is a deal. Seriously, the pictures don't lie-- they are hefty.

Overall, I had to give this place 5 stars. Very nice people, and the food hit the spot.
I am a regular takeout customer of this place. The food is always fresh, filling, and delivered on time. As a vegetarian, I usually get the vegetarian enchiladas with green or red sauce (both good) or the sopes. Both are great. It's also a lot of food for a good price. My favorite part is probably the side of red spicy sauce that comes with every meal!
I picked up takeout from this restaurant around 4pm. Being that it was a week day before rush hour, I was in and out before I knew it. The prices were very reasonable and I used a restaurant.com coupon on top of that. I basically got two torta sandwiches (which are huge) and chips and guacamole for $17! My husband and I could only eat half of our sandwiches because they were so filling. I got the hawaiian torta and he got the cuban torta. Don't be deceived by the looks of this place- very bare with just a few tables. The price and taste were right on point. I was told this place gets really packed on the weekends. Also, it is a byob establishment which keeps the already low prices be even lower. I might have to check this place out one weekend!
Name the top three things about mozzarella cheese that make it Mexican.

Ok, the top two.
Top one?

Exactly, there are zero things about mozzarella that make it a valid ingredient in Mexican cuisine. So it's super weird that mozzarella cheese is the ONLY cheese Iztaccihuatl uses. It's in their burritos. Their nachos. Their enchiladas. It's in their EVERYTHING.

When ranked against other taquerias in the neighborhood, I score their food a few comfortable steps above servicable and several below delicious -- nothing to blow your spicy Mexican horn about. Basically Iztaccihuatl is a solid choice. More importantly, they're extremely reliable for late night delivery through GrubHub. In conclusion, they have secured a place in my Spanish-English culinary Rolodex.
I love Iztaccihuati and order from them pretty often. But unfortunately, for my last order there was a long black hair right in my grilled steak burrito. This is simply unacceptable. 

I have eaten food from here over ten times and this is the only time I have had a negative result. Pretty disappointing.
Ordered delivery on Eat24- we got the nachos mixtos, fish tacos, and tacos al pastor. Delivery came within the promised time and food was still warm. Everything tasted fresh and homemade, and the portions were incredible. 

However, I have to give only 3 stars because everything, especially the meat really needed to be cooked with more seasoning- overall the dishes just need more flavor. It tasted like all the meat was just boiled, not even with salt and pepper. Although loaded with ingredients, even the nachos were pretty bland. The tacos al pastor were almost perfect, but could've used some more pineapple. We will definitely still order again!
Much like you are doing, I read the reviews and went "damn, this place looks good". I vaguely remember ordering delivery here before, but you can't really judge a place on delivery alone. So my girlfriend and I decided to go and give it a try. As soon as you walk in you get hit with that musky basement smell, I mean I love hole in the wall mexican places but this one was odd. It's a huge space with only like 8-10 tables, very weird setup. We came in and walked towards the waitress trying to figure out if it was a seat yourself or we needed her to seat us. She stared at us and pointed behind us, I'm assuming that meant seat yourself.

We took the table behind us and she brought us two menus. That was the last time I saw her for probably a good 8 minutes. She then came over with two salsas (no chips) and spilled the salsa all over the table (I've been a waiter before, it happens). Ok so we move to a new table, wait another 3-4 minutes and we flag her down to order. Girlfriend got the fish tacos and I got mixtas fajitas, in trying to explain I didn't want any rice/arroz I figured out that she spoke no english at all. I tried to ask for a diet pepsi and was met with a blank stare and mumbles. Same went for no rice, I tried to say no arroz without sounding like a gringo, I guess it worked because I didn't get rice (will get to that later).

Ok food in, still down to one salsa, no chips. We got the FREE (YES FREE) margarita pitcher and the missing chips shortly after. I guess we'll drink straight from the pitcher because we didn't get any glasses to pour the mix into.

Fast forward about 20-30 minutes (mind you we were 1 of 3 tables there) and the food comes out. I didn't get rice! YAY! But I also didn't get any of the other items that came with it, beans, guacamole, mushrooms, etc. I asked for the rest of the stuff and got a scoop of guacamole and beans, I'll take it. Now I know you can't expect fajitas to be a mexican staple of great food, but there was no seasoning. Zip, zero, nada. It tasted like they boiled steak, shrimp and chicken with onions and peppers and then put it on the plate. I tried my girlfriend's fish in hope that it might taste good. Same thing, somehow it had flat top grill marks but tasted like absolutely nothing.

I don't know how it has such good reviews, the price was cheap and the margarita pitcher being free were great, but that doesn't warrant any type of return.
This place has changed from a decent, reasonably priced Mexican tacqueria into quite possibly the worst Mexican restaurant in the city. They have replaced quality food with a WiFi speaker playing music way too loud and gratuitous servings of bad, unordered margarita pitchers (but apparently "on the house" even though we byo'd that bottle of tequila you took to the kitchen...thanks!). Thur to Sat the only option now is a $20/person family-style meal of dogsh*t taquitos, concession-stand quesadillas, and the most bland burritos I've ever eaten. Never again...

Go to Veracruzana for superior food and environment.

Happy Birthday Steve. Sorry your birthday dinner sucked, although Jon had fun.
I was looking forward to coming here! They have great reviews and are spoken highly of by word of mouth. When I arrived, they were closed. While figuring out an alternative plan, Doordash delivery showed up to pick up an order. Nobody turned off their ordering so customers were still expecting food ! I posted a picture of the notice on the door to verify for others that they are currently not in operation, and now I have management threatening to sue me. They are also accusing me of living upstairs? I guess they are at odds with someone who lives there and are confusing my identity? Either way this seems like the type of management I can't get down with... Probably will not return if they reopen
Used to order delivery from here for decent food at a reasonable price. Last two times we order from here, the burrito was soggy, beef and pork tasted off. Next day was spent in the bathroom.
My girlfriend and I get deliver from here when we're feelin' cheap, or when we're feelin' fat.  It is the BOMB.

The Burrito, especially for the price, is one of the best around.  Generously sized, tightly wrapped, and absolutely delicious.

The Chicken Mole Enchiladas are to die for.  Authentic mole with that beautiful chocolately flavor, tender chicken, and a ton of food for the price.

And the platters are incredible.  For $14 you get a feast for 2 ... they say it comes with tortillas, and they give you a straight up STACK of delicious tortillas.

The delivery guys barely speak English, but God bless them they delivered me food in a snowstorm.  And quickly!

Take a chance on this place.  You will NOT be disappointed.
The perfect greasy spoon Mexican food - We ordered the vegetarian nachos (thanks to the Yelper who recommended that!), vegetarian enchiladas, and my wife had a chicken burrito. For the record, she's not a fan of spicy food, and it was WAY too spicy for her. Heads up to those of you who were considering that.

Minus one star for taking so long to arrive - 1.5 hours mid-afternoon and we are about ten blocks away.
This is a great BYOT Mexican place. I came here with a large group of friends a few weeks ago. A few of our friends were running late, so we ordered guac for the table to snack on. I have not seen a bigger portion of guac in my life! They literally brought out 2 troughs of guac, and for $6 each, it was a steal. The flavor was pretty mild, but I liked it. They also brought out two different tasty salsas with the guac. We asked for our first pitcher of margarita mixer while we were waiting. The mixer was pretty good, and best part -- the mixer pitchers are free! You just bring the tequila.

The menu is extensive, and everything looked good. I decided on the veggie burrito. It was stuffed with beans, rice, pico, and of course veggies. I really liked it. I spiced it up a bit with some of the salsa, and I managed to eat the whole thing even though it was rather large. My friends ordered various things including sopes, tacos, quesadillas, etc., and everyone was very happy with their meals. Throughout the meal we probably had 2 or 3 more pitchers of margarita mix so that everyone had at least a couple margaritas. Everyone left happy!

The restaurant was not that busy because we went on a weeknight. Service was excellent, and our food came out fast. And the prices are astoundingly low!
I've ordered from this spot a handful of times over the past couple years. I love how they pack the food, everything is tied up tight and secured, and there's never any spillage or unnecessary food mixing. 

They always include plenty of house made salsa, which is fresh and delicious. There's the orangey-red hot salsa, and the milder thick/green tomatillo salsa. 

I've tried a variety of flavors, usually from the Taco and Burrito sections of the menu. I unfortunately cannot offer much advice to vegetarians, as most of my menu choices involve meat. However, I can tell vegetarians that the guacamole is super fresh, well portioned, and the house made corn tortilla chips are fresh and usually arrive to my SW CC home warm.

As a repeat Mexican food offender, I can offer a few of my favorite dishes from this taqueria. The Mexican sausage/beef tacos are delicious, as are the Al Pastor tacos. The taco platters come fresh with sliced radish, slices of lime, and two corn tortillas per taco (3 tacos per order). I also have enjoyed burritos of the same variety. I can say as a man who enjoys marinated meat and Mexican food in particular, those two flavors are delicious and sure to give you your money's worth. 

The burritos are large, and absolutely enough for a satisfying meal (unless you're like me in which case you'd prefer a burrito and an order of tacos). The burrito comes with pintos, rice, shredded lettuce, sour cream and pico de gallo packed in with your choice of meat/vegetable. The tortilla used for the burrito is fresh and chewier than it is crunchy (when I sampled burritos along the Mission in San Francisco tortillas were sometimes fried or made crispy before wrapping). 

Also, try a Jarritos Mexican soda alongside the food. A beer would work just as well.
A hidden gem!

The ambiance is lacking, but this is perfect for a craving for authentic Mexican food. No need to dress up.

I was there with a group, and there was no wait. 

We started with chips and two salsas. The green is mild, and the orange is EXTREMELY spicy. But delicious. 
Next our group ordered guacamole, and vegetarian nachos.
The guac was good. It could have been a little fresher- Maybe there was no lime in it? The nachos were BOMB! There were lots of fresh veggies, cheese, crema...perfect for sharing!

Everyone got tacos or enchiladas- and they were great. The sauces were authentic, and the food really was made with love and attention.
This is NOT El Vez, and this is not El Rey. It's kind of a dive, and not a place to go with lofty aesthetic aspiration. But you'll get a solid meal.
Will order again. Quick delivery. big portions. We had the nachos mixtos, steak burrito and quesadilla pollo. So much food we ate for lunch and dinner.
Had a great burrito from this place. Not too expensive especially considering the portion sizes (large!). Very casual restaurant. The server was very friendly. Would come here again.
I used to love this place.  They would get my order right; they had a great pico de gallo; they would give me extra jalapeños when I would ask; they would deliver quick.  I don't know whether they've become immensely popular and couldn't keep up the quality, but I don't order delivery from them anymore.  They would constantly mess up my order, it would be cold, and the quality of their dishes kept going down.  My order would take over 2 hours for delivery and I live in center city.  I would keep ordering from them expecting it to change and eventually I just had to quit.  

I is sad
I'm absolutely incredulous with how bad this place is. Ordered delivery that arrived after a full 1:45. Delivery guy did not say a single word, no apology, didn't even make eye contact. As if the service wasn't poor enough, the food was atrocious. Seriously, I had maybe 3 bites of the enchiladas before I threw them in the trash. A 10 year old could make better enchiladas. Wholly unacceptable.
This place was great.  I ordered take out and got the chicken enchiladas with mole poblano and the molotes with chorizo and potatoes.  Even though it was take out, the food was delicious and hot.  I would totally order from them again and look forward to eating at the restaurant some time.
This is me and my man's new taco spot!! ALWAYS CONSISTENT, even with doordash. I get the birria tacos. Although it does not come with consomè, it was still juicy as hell! The guac is always served in huge portions (for the price, this makes sense lol), and the chips are so fresh and slightly thick--my favorite kind. 

This spot just tastes like they love what they do. I'd recommend it to anyone who is considering it.
I tried the pastor tacos that everyone is raving about and I thought they were really dry and not very good at all.

The good thing about this place is how accommodating they are to big groups - no corkage fee for BYOs, never too full, and friendly service. But the service might have been a bit too friendly. He brought out tons of "free" appetizers that he charged us for later, and got angry when no one ordered their own entrees because we filled up on the nachos and quesadillas (which were pretty good...but honestly hurt my stomach later...their sauce is REALLY spicy). 

Honestly, not sure if I'll ever go back here on my own will.
Had an issue with DoorDash order and instead of taking responsibility, they were incredibly rude and disrespectful. Over cooked my steak tacos and refused to offer a refund on their fuck up. Also, how do you make DRY tres leches ??! This place isn't going to be in business very long if they keep acting like this.


Update: Instead of fixing their issues or apologizing, they decided to harass me. Not quite sure how you mix up medium rare and well done. My review still stands and you should avoid at all costs.
Here are my bullet points I think might be helpful:
1) If you go on a weekend, it's likely to be crazy loud, because apparently they have a good deal for private parties, sort of a Chuck e Cheese vibe. Regardless of noise though, it's a big open space that's completely fluorescent lit, with seemingly little to no effort in decor, and tables set with red plastic cups advertising a methadone clinic. Maybe that stuff doesn't bother you, just saying it's not exactly a great date spot.
2) Our food didn't taste good- overall was pretty bland.
As a native Los Angelino authentic Mexican food is a staple in my life - truly cant live without it. I've tried many many many places in Philly and just haven't been impressed. Yet, one night we ordered from here on Grubhub and I was pretty darn impressed. I will say the delivery wasn't the greatest and things were smashed, but that's to be expected when you have food delivered by someone on a bike, which is truly no fault to the owners. 

Now, the food. We ordered: Chicken Enchiladas, Grilled Steak Burrito, and Chips with Guacamole. Truthfully the best Mexican I've had in Philly. The steak was perfectly marinated and they trimmed all the fat which allowed it to just fall apart in your mouth. The enchiladas were massive and came
with rice snd beans. Now for me the key is how things are prepared and seasoned and this place didn't miss a step. I thought that the meats were flavorful with good spice which allow the beans and  to come in and compliment the spices in the meats. 

Overall, I'd say if you can order and pick it up yourself do so BUT definitely do not skip over this place. Also be prepared as chips and salsa do not come with your order.
excellent authentic mexican food. john provides great service.
The food is good, the service is bad. The delivery guy was rude and makes me not want to order from here again.
As of right now, this is my go-to Mexican spot in South Philly. What a great, large menu, and it's among the most reasonably priced Mexican restaurants in the city (that I've found). Portions are fantastic, and I've found that I get just about as much meat on my tacos here as when I order "extra meat" at competing restaurants. These guys also deliver, and you can order through Yelp, which is great because I never have cash for cash-only restaurants.

Pay less, receive more - an outstanding value and good food. What else could you ask for?
The best al pastor tacos EVER! Once you eat some from this place, you can never go back. Nothing else compares! They never disappoint.
I was visiting Philly Yesterday and was in the neighborhood. Saw this restaurant on yelp and found good ratings. I went around 6pm on a Saturday. It was quiet. I ordered breaded chicken with a salad. It came with rice, bean paste and tortillas.  The portions were huge. John (I think that's the name) was very friendly. Gave full attention to my order while suggesting some specials. He was courteous and made me feel comfortable. The food was good too. Chicken was tender. Not at all greasy. 
While i was finishing my meal there came a bunch of college kids who were given a large table and given freedom to dance to create club feel. John (and the management) really knew creative ways to make money. John made us aware about the arrival of that big group before hand. The menu looked like they have more traditional Mexican dishes.
The food was good and came in a timely manner. The service however was near unbearable. Our server, who quickly alluded that he was the owner, was very drunk and so was at least one of the other staff. He was friendly at first but soon became very annoying. He never left us alone, just kept rambling on about the specials of the day, and his restaurant. Repeatedly sharing mundane facts about how many people he usually serves in a day and how busy it usually is. Being the only people in the restaurant, this made for a very unsettling experience. It was hard to gage his intentions. He gave us free beers but also told us that what we ordered, just a couple of burritos, were street food, alluding to some discrepancy on his behave. The whole experience was very unsettling and I was just happy to get out of there as soon as possible. I thought his manner was very unprofessional.
My Mom had the chicken fajitas she said it was enough for two people and delish. I decided to go with the chicken burrito which was HUGE and Tasty.
I liked when I placed the order and they recited back to me. Fast delivery
Terrible. Fajitas had no flavor, just covered in oil. I also got Seafood salad. Shrimp look undercooked and its served on crappy iceberg lettuce. If I was at the restaurant I would send it back. I got take out so my recourse is just to not eat it. I would never get food from there again. I can't believe it was rated so highly on Yelp.
They have the best mexican food in Philly. The food is amazing. Their service needs work. They are often late, have failed to confirm orders, and have forgotten sauces for their food, only to tell  me they will be back in ten minutes. That ten minutes was over 30 minutes long. They have great cooks, but they need better training for their service staff.
Wow. So delicious. I order the mole enchiladas & plantain & couldn't stop eating (even though I was stuffed). Soooooo good! 

I lived in Los Angeles for a long time & haven't had this quality Mexican food in awhile. I can't wait to order from this place again!
one word......GROSS!!!!! I wanted to try a different Mexican restaurant and took a shot with this one. My order was delivered after about an hour and a half of waiting (which would've been okay) had my food not arrived cold, half cooked, more grease, butter and half melted globs of cheese on it instead of actual ingredients. It was awful and has left an unsettled feeling in me even as I write this 3 days later and am remembering how gross the food was.
I'm not feelin' it. A lot of really great reviews, but ehhh.... 

The food was okay - but I'd go first to one of the other neighborhood spots that put out really good food. There are plenty of other options. The one thing this place has going for it is the price... but maybe you get what you pay for? Maybe it is better if you eat in-house, not do take out? I'm not sure.
Iztaccihuatl is one of my favorite spots in South Philly - I love coming here for inexpensive and DELICIOUS food and drink! My go-to order is the Nachos Mixtos (nachos w/ chicken and ground beef) and the burrito Al Pastor (pork w/ pineapple and rice, beans, lettuce, and pico de gallo). I've also had a variety of their enchiladas and tacos, which have all been great! My favorite part about this "BYOB" is that it's bottomless margaritas, if you bring your own tequila. Perfect place for a rowdy night out with friends! 

As for delivery, I order from here quite often (probably more than I've gone in to the restaurant) - I personally have never had any issues with it. The food is always delivered in a timely fashion, it's always warm when I get it, and they always deliver at least 20-30 min before estimated delivery time!! I'm sad that the reviews below don't agree with me, but Iztaccihuatl is one of my go-to places I order from online!
I don't care how good the food is, exceptionally poor service needs to be addressed. I order once a week, and each time I receive my food, the driver doesn't greet, look at, or acknowledge you in any way upon delivering the food. Not a big deal. I took note of this and stopped leaving a tip.

Tonight upon delivery my girlfriend went downstairs to grab the food, and the driver yelled at her because he wasn't getting a tip. 

Funny, he never opened his mouth to me, but he certainly had a lot to say to a 5ft tall, 100lb woman. If he delivers again, he'll be lucky I don't knock him off his little bike and eat for free.
I haven't had such bad food since I was in college and short on cash. First and foremost the delivery was an hour later than expected.
The Quesadillas de Camaron y Jaiva read stale quesadillas smothered with cheese, scattered with some prawns and no hint of crabmeat.
And then for the Burrito de Chuleta Ahumada; it left a bad taste in my husband's mouth. It was the first time I have seen my husband not finish his food let alone not eating even half of it.
All I can say is I'm glad we didn't order any dessert!
I just moved here from California about a month ago, and missed authentic Mexican food. I've tried all recommendations, and found this place on uber eats. It looks just like California Mexican food. I tried it and it was authentic. Take it from a Californian where we have real authentic Mexican food. This place has my approval and I will always order from here. I don't understand the bad reviews from anyone that hasn't had authentic Mexican food. This has been the only place that reminds me of home so far.
Very good! My bf from AZ swears this is closest thing to true Mexican he can find. Delivery takes a while, but worth it.
I was not impressed by  the food here. The chicken enchiladas and fajitas are a definite pass. I couldn't even force myself to eat it - ended up throwing it out. What a waste.
I love this classy joint. It has a chandelier... and a black light... and Mexican food.  I Mexican't wait to come back!
Bistec fiesta ozolco platter is what I ordered. I'm sure other items on the menu are enjoyable but this was honestly horrible. The steak was way over cooked as well as the slab of chicken. The "pork chop" was a piece of smoked ham. The rice was yellow but tasted like overly steamed white rice. Nothing had any seasoning on it. Only thing I semi enjoyed was the fried stuffed jalapeño
The nachos are good! 
Don't let the looks deceive you because it's gloomy when you walk in. I read the reviews , And hesitated to try it but now I know what they mean but my guess is the language barrier! Just order your food! Amazing burrito too! I like my tortilla toasty! Will surely come back!
Ordered take out to be delivered to my apartment at 2nd and market, food got here still warm and within a reasonable amount of time.

I ordered the vegetarian burrito which was delicious. I've had my fair share of vegetarian burritos in my life and it's always the same: peppers, rice, beans, etc. I hate the peppers! This place mixes it up with the right amount of delicious sautéed vegetables, instead of the peppers that mexican places usually do. I will definitely be ordering it again.
The chips were delicious as well and so was the guacamole. 

Will definitely be ordering from here again when I get the craving for mexican dishes again.
I was NOT feeling this place. 

First off, I would say the manager interrupted our conversation but that would be an understatement. He never left our conversation and was annoying. He was also dressed like he didn't take the place seriously. That was further obvious from the bikes in the entrance and the chairs stacked in the corner in plain sight along with his dirty clothes and unbathed appearance. 

The food was alright. Taquitos de Puebla is better. I asked for a recommendation and he brought out a beef cemita. It was okay. The peppers on it were dried which was pretty weird. My girlfriend ordered a Hawaiian torta which was actually pretty good. The cemita was not in the menu. It wound up being about half the size of my girlfriend's and twice the price. 

When we went to pay with card he charged us more than it said on the bill because "he had to charge us tax that he wouldn't need to if we paid cash." That's illegal, by the way. I was going to keep my mouth shut about this place but what really got me was after I left a 16% tip he yelled out the door at us "was it that bad?!" I think that is a fine tip and one he didn't truly deserve.

I won't be coming back here.
Decided to order some Mexican food for delivery on Grubhub. This place is pretty great if you ask me. The food portions are well worth the money! I got the al pastor burrito and the grilled steak tacos and both were delicious. The burrito was massive and the al pastor meat was tender and on point. Honestly, the burrito could have served 2 people. Steak tacos were also bigger than your average street tacos. They also included green and red salsa on the side. For the price and taste, I would definitely be ordering from here again.
I am so glad that I didn't  let those negative reviews stop Mi from coming to this Mexican restaurant!!!
My two sisters and I enjoyed everything we ate.
I already made plans to come back again next Saturday.
Easily some of the best tacos i've ever had. The only issue I have with this place is that it's too addicting and now I end up ordering the al pastor tacos almost every week. They place is really affordable, provide quick deliveries, and they give you plenty of food! The fries are also bomb
This is one of my favorite places for burritos in Philly. Since the pandemic, we have only been able to get takeout, but everytime this place lives up to expectations. The burritos are large and loaded with meat and sauces that make each bite an explosion of flavors. Their carnitas are top notch and the tortilla is always fresh and delicious.
Authentic, huge portions, extensive menu and delicious! Ordered twice already; Enchiladas Verdes, Nachos Mixto, and the Torta are fantastic! Must give this place a try, they are on DoorDash during this Covid 19 times.
