Authentic French bakery, a French owner & Baker, managed by an authentic stylish French lady with a French accent! It feels like France in there :) I love this place! 
The space is an awesome transformation from the last cafe. All white, with a long white bar. Bold glass chandeliers, and lots of French charm.
The cases are filled with Nutella-whipped cream chouquettes, a Bouche de Noel, croissants, chausson au pommes (my fave) and pain Au chocolates. It's the real deal, authentic French pastries right here!!! The owner makes them all! 
I will be back very soon!
C'est vrai: J'aime French Bakery! 

The third time was the charm for me with this adorable new bakery. On my first attempt, I tried to meet Alisha S on a Monday, only to find that the shop is closed on Mondays. Alisha had arrived before me and walked in through the open doors. Though she was informed that they are not open on Mondays, the employees sent her away with some complimentary pastries - so nice! 

My second attempt was for a savory breakfast. Alas, there was no quiche left by the time I arrived, and I needed something substantial before my long day. 

Finally, another meeting with Alisha was scheduled and the bakery was both open and stocked with several quiche options! I ordered the quiche lorraine which came with a small side salad. It was absolutely perfect - decadent and just the right size for lunch. I haven't tried the sweet pastries yet, but there will be many more visits in the future. 

I'd love to see an enhanced menu of savory items (perhaps some baguette sandwiches?). Also, I'd REALLY love some wifi (but understand if they don't want to be the type of place where people like me stick around too long). In any case, looking forward to my next visit! À la prochaine!
Adorable little new Parisian bakery! 
Clean, bright, and oh so welcoming! 

With the bistro tables out front, the bicycle complete with a wire basket perfect for baguette carrying, and the selves shaped like The Eiffel Tower, I would say they carried out their concept quite flawlessly here. 

While they personally had me at just La Colombe, latte drafts, and a plethora of teas, their pastries glistening with butter, were mesmerizing. 

I stopped by way too quickly this visit (30 minute loading zone spot right out front) for a sweet treat to take home to my sweets. It was as chilly and raining and I couldn't help but wish I had more time and a good book with me because I just wanted to grab a table by the big windows up front and relax with some hot tea. I did NOT want to leave! 

Torn between one of the varieties of croissants, the chocolate bread pudding and the Philly Paris which looked like a custard filled eclair, I went with a heart shaped flaky pastry filled with beautifully and perfectly piped cream. It was said to be absolutely outrageous! Start to finish, no crumb left behind. It was a winner for sure! Thanks for making me look good you guys!

I can't wait to bring the whole fam here earlier in the day when the choices seem to be more plentiful, although it doesn't seem you can go wrong here either way. 

It's a great place to get some work done which many were doing, meet up with a friend and stay awhile, or grab a quick snack or caffeinated beverage to go! 

In addition to their freshly made baked goods which aren't just sweets, but loaves, quiche and sammies too, they also sell jams and other pre packaged goodies. 

Service was so friendly and the offer 10% discounts to Sweat members and Jefferson employees with badges. 

See you soon, J'aime (which is actually pronounced simply "Jem" like "...And The Holograms").
Stopped in yesterday on their opening day. They've done a very nice job with the place and they've clearly made a major financial investment in it. It is bright and cheerful, with neutral tones of marble, off white paint and grey accents. The tables are nice, they have a mix of seating, including white painted metal industrial Tolix style chairs, a couple booth style seats and a longer bench running along one wall. The cafe is meticulously clean and the display cases and counter are well lit. They have modern payments methods available, including Apple Pay. The view of center city street life from the cafe is lively with many locals walking to and fro, making the front seats pleasant in this regard.  The pastries are beautiful and delicious. I had a raisin roll, which was custardy and addictive. There were apple turnovers in the display case that looked like pieces of art, as did all the other pastries. Also had a cappuccino, which was nice. All in all, for opening day, I think they hit a home run. It's so difficult starting a new cafe and it is inevitable that there will be kinks to work out, but these weren't apparent. These guys thought of nearly everything, and the staff was very friendly. I was impressed by how seamless the operation seemed, regardless of it being day one - so hats off to what must have been incredibly meticulous planning, training and organization. All said, nice new addition to the neighborhood; I wish them well and will be interested to see how things evolve there as the business matures and as locals begin to discover the new cafe. I know I'll stop by when I'm in the mood for a delicious pastry.
This place rocks. First the coffee was super good. I had a cold brew the wife had hot. Both very yummy. Tried the almond croissant. Crispy not too sweet. Very buttery. The lemon tart was stunning but mostly yummy. The best item was a chocolate olive oil orange cake. Holy crap Batman we need to go back for that alone. Crazy good!!! Run don't walk here!!!
Let me start this review off by saying, I'm still dreaming about the quiche I had for a late breakfast last week...

I finally got a chance to check this place out and loved it! It is pretty darn cute! Very clean and chic, with floor to sealing windows at the front which bring in a lot of sunlight. 

As soon as you walk in, you'll see some perfectly baked and beautifully arranged pastries - your eyes are sure to get a treat! Everything looks fantastic! I would normally go for a chocolatey pastry, but since it was my first bite of the day, I was feeling something savory... alas the quiche. I was informed that the quiche can go fast, so I wasn't going to risk not being able to try it!

After one of the sweet staff members warmed it up for me like I asked, she brought it out to the table. Simply put: it was divine. The quiche was flakey and oh so tasty. It came with a side salad (fresh spinach and tomatoes with dressing), but to be honest, it was really hard to focus on the salad with that quiche on the side.

I'm sure I'll be returning to J'aime again when I want to treat myself. I'm not sure what I'll get though. It would be difficult to pass up on that quiche, but I'm also very interested in trying one of their pastries. Perhaps I'll do a little indulging and get both? Who knows! All I know is, J'aime, I'm coming for ya!
When I had trouble choosing which pastries to share with a couple friends, I knew I'd be back at this elegant and quaint bakery shop. Even on a Sunday at 4pm, heart-shaped napoleons were just being placed onto the display case. The staff was friendly, and we were able to get refrigerated water in swing-top bottles, a nice touch. 

Tasting notes:
Napoleon-just enough custard cream in between lightly sugared, crisp puff pastry sheets
Paris Philadelphia-generous hazelnut cream that gushes upon first bite, with soft choux pastry topped with sliced almonds
Pain au chocolat-flaky and buttery with just enough chocolate folded in the layers to add flavor and texture

Tip: If you live in the area and find that you adore this place, definitely pick up a punch card-after 9 purchases, get a pastry, viennoiserie, or crepe for free!
I've been meaning to check out this bakery since it opened and am so happy I got to stop by today! The ambiance is pleasant and we were able to snatch a pair of seats in a comfortable booth. I love the modern/minimalist chic look, though I was slightly disappointed that the selection of pastries was a bit minimalistic at the time I came in as well. (Sunday afternoon) I'll have to stop by earlier in the day next time! 

Nevertheless, I got to try a selection of pastries and definitely think that whoever makes these pastries knows what they're doing. They completely nailed it in the taste and texture department. 

First, the Paris-Philadelphia - their take on the traditional Paris Brest. Instead of a ring of choux pastry, it is presented in an oblong shape filled with Nutella cream. I was a bit surprised to find that the cream was a bit more on the "buttercreamy" side, but the texture and flavors still worked. The toasted almond slivers on top added a nice touch!

The napoleon (what I grew up knowing as a mille-feuille) was right on in terms of texture and flavor. The puff pastry had the right level of crisp and flakiness, while the pastry cream was perfect. However, the version I bought was a bit too minimalist, especially when factoring in the price. It only consisted of 2 puff pastry layers instead of 3, and only had 1 layer of cream. It also did not come with any toppings. I also noticed that my piece was smaller compared to ones other reviewers posted in their photos on this site, and I don't think I paid a lower price for it. 

I also got to try the blueberry galette, which was like a mini blueberry pie. It may have looked simple, but had a nice touch of citrus flavoring in its filling! They were kind enough to warm it up for 30 seconds for us. 

The staff was friendly and pleasant. Not convinced that they are knowledgeable of the products sold, but they definitely showed effort! My favorite thing about this place is that they serve Kusmi Tea, and I love the small piece of meringue they had included with my tea!
I've noticed a serious lack of French café/bakeries in the city and the inner wannabe foodie in me craves French pastries so I decided to hit this place up. 

Ambience/decor are usually super important for me and I gotta day this place has a really cool, very bright interior with a lot of natural lighting which I appreciate. I got the americano and a chouquette, which, along with their heart shaped napoleon seem to be their best selling items. Starting with the chouquette, the inside had this super good chocolate cream that's cold, creamy, and not too sweet that was complimented well by the flaky pastry on the outside. The americano was really good as well! It had a good smoky dark flavor to it that I appreciate in my coffees. 

Anyways I appreciate that this place has provided the city, especially the midtown area with a much needed French café! Great place to come to catch up with friends or just read a book. Good coffee and good baked goods, not much more I could ask for.
Oh.so.GOOD!! Everything about this place is fantastic. It's been on my list of places to visit and finally was able to stop it. 

Chilly, rainy, fall day, what's not to like about a nice warm bakery? I got an almond cappuccino (soy & almond ate their dairy free options) and almond croissant. What really blew me away was that the filling WAS STILL WARM!! I debated buying more while we were sitting chatting in the bakery because it was SO GOOD! 

Actually said to my friend, "it's a good thing I don't live closer because I would be here way more often." So good. Will absolutely be back!
Came to Philly for the weekend, and stopped into this new French Bakery my friend told me about. Split a lemon tart and chocolate cream chouquette with my friend. We fought over the last piece of lemon tart, which had a ring of torched meringue around the edges. WOW! 

It is styled after traditional French bakery, serving up delicious croissants and brioche with your coffee, tarts by 11am, and then quiches for lunch... I guess I'll have to stop by every hour, on the hour to try it ALL. Looking forward to this place blowing up!
Purchased some things from here in March before things got a bit crazy.   The best deal here are the croissants.   Would return just for that.
I came all the way from NYC to Philly just for J'aime and it was definitely worth it! My friend and I shared the special quiche, chocolate brioche, merveilleux (speculoos, cream, meringue goodness), and a croissant. Ah, AND draft lattes. We got a box to bring the leftovers back with us but ended up returning the box after polishing everything off in one sitting. The staff is SUPER friendly and attentive and the ambiance is bright, fresh, and cheerful. Would highly recommend to anyone coming to Philly for the first or 100th time.
Looking for a coffee and pastry? Want cheap and sugary? Uh oh, problem. This ain't the place.

HOWEVER. Looking for a genuinely French experience? Light, not overly sweet, not huge globs of fried fat lathered with syrup? Well made espresso drinks in lovely chinaware? Clear, inviting place to just relaaaaax?

WELL THEN, you've come to the right place. J'aime means "I love". And there's much to love here. We sampled a croissant, a madeleine, and an apple tart. Croissant flaky and light. Madeleine perfectly textured and subtly flavored. The apple tart was a bit too cool for my tastes - next time I'll ask for it to be warmed. 

Light jazz for your ears, light repast for your tumtum and coffee yum for your caffeine craving. Go for it! 

(I'd like to claim my pic of the partly eaten pastries and half drunk cap was for artistic effect but ... I was simply too hungry to wait!)

Okay, couldn't leave w/o more. So ... a pic of their espresso (absolutely perfect - not bitter, not sour, just right), another cap and their version of doughnut holes (cream puff without the cream). 

And the heroes behind the wonder. The main man, Bastien, who dragged a bit of France with him to historic Philly. Barista in charge - Raphael. And Tessa ensuring you get your order with a complimentary smile!
I've been wanting to get to this bakery since it opened but I'm not in the area early in the day. Finally got a chance to stop in and we tried multiple pastries. 

We ate there , taking leftovers with us. The space is clean bright and airy. A nice spot to meet a friend to talk and catch up. I was there late morning and while there were customers, it wasn't over crowded. 
Pastries were good with some clear favorites. I loved the heart shaped napoleon, it was perfect!
I really love the concept of this bakery! Very minimalist and modern decor. The pastries were delicious and high quality. The beverage choices were unique despite being your average coffee and tea options. 

I had the Paris Philadelphia which was a delicious crunchy pastry with a sort of hazelnut cream filling. The almond croissant was exquisite. There was a creamy and fragrant interior that made the croissant have a special taste I could not compare to any typical almond croissant I've had before. Overall, all the pastries, breads and baked goods were clearly made fresh and of quality touch. 

Their tea choices are interesting. The basics like earl grey and hibiscus have hints of other flavors too, like lemon or mint! There's a little sign on the counter that describes all the flavors. Although they don't have iced tea as an option, I got a hot tea with ice on the side. The employees even gave instruction on the optimal time to seep the tea bags! It's these little details that made my visit to J'aime enjoyable. 

The seating space was rather narrow in the back, but there was a range of window seating (square tables), small booth seatings (seats 2 people), and little tables in the back that had a long booth stretch back with chairs paired up with the booth seating. 

I loved the minimalistic touches. White marble tables, modernistic lighting, black/white wall art and simple little French-inspired paintings. Green plants livened up the space too! 

Overall, my entire experience at J'aime was a perfect coffee date. My only recommendation is that they play more music that fits the theme.
The whole thing is in the hands of amateurs. When I was in France, the pastries and coffee were totally heavenly. J'aime is not bad but not so different from any decent bakery in Philadelphia such as Metropolitan. There is a huge difference between the driven American artisans who tried so hard to master French baking vs. the French who are more exposed to its cuisine but not so well trained. 

It's like I would rather drink technically well made Napa wine over mediocre French wine.
Everything I have gotten here has been absolutely fantastic. It actually rivals some of the bakeries I visited in Montreal (maybe controversial words). I'm impressed that in a city not particularly known for its competitive viennoiserie, this place is French all around - from staff to its food, with attention to quality and executing the basics amazingly well.

My favorites have been the croissant and madeline, although it has been awhile since I have revisited. I'm glad I don't live nearby, because I'd make these items a daily part of my coffee routine. I think when they first opened, I filled an embarrassing number of punches in my punch card.

This place is worth supporting - you can see the hard work and thought put into executing their vision for a French bakery oasis, serving pastry striving to be as good as you'd get in French-speaking cities, among the hustle and bustle of Philly.
Fresh, beautiful and delicious pastries! I bought a bunch of goodies for friends and I got a huge thumbs up and ear-to-ear grin from everyone!

The prices are very reasonable for the quality they offer. I bought 7 pastries (each of their croissants, a heart-shaped napoleon, an eclair and an orange tart) and a small latte for a little over $30.

The latte was good but nothing extraordinary compared to the bakery items.

The interior is honestly so beautiful. The simple yet sophisticated white-walled design is perfect. And they even put decorations for Christmas! A little effect place to catch up with friends! A nice place for brunch.

Why only 4 stars? Honestly the service wasn't amazing in my opinion. The cashier did her job but she wasn't that friendly. But she wasn't unfriendly either. No WiFi either :(

Would come again!
My girlfriend and I stopped by J'aime the Saturday after it's opening. There was a short line formed which moved fairly quickly. The selection of parties are displayed on the counter, and it seemed as though some were starting to sell out (or at least another batch had to be baked). We ordered the Sugared Chouquette with Whipped Cream, Paris Philadelphia, a Mocha, and a Cappucino. The drinks were solid, and had a nice froth to them, but the real stars were the pastries. The texture of the cream was perfect, and both had just the right amount of sweetness.

While the pastries are great, the prices can be a bit steep, especially for the chouquette. However, the service is friendly and the space is bright and clean.

J'aime is a well-executed French bakery with plenty of mouth-watering options, including some exceptional pastries.
We found J'aime French Bakery by using the Yelp app, which guided us easily to their front door. My fiance and I stopped into J'aime French Bakery to grab a quick coffee. Boy, were we glad we did. The atmosphere was very inviting and the pastries looked delectable. There were many options to choose from in their pastry case. We tried the chocolate croissant, which was one of the best I have ever had. Just the right amount of flakiness and gooey chocolate. While I didn't try the coffee, my Fiance said it was tasty. Some of their pastries were on the pricer end ($10 for a sand dollar sized quiche) but I'm sure if it was as good as my croissant I wouldn't mind.
Thinking about making J'aime my new spot for pastries in the morning whenever I need to stop by my office. Move over, Starbucks! 

The entire place is appealing. I didn't really know what to expect when I got there, but I loved it. They had a sign displayed outside that stated only 2 customers were allowed in at a time and masks are required. 
Inside, it was bright and airy, the music was soft and the pastries looked heavenly. J'aime also sells baguettes and other breads. The girls behind the counter who took care of us were such sweeties and offered to cut up a loaf of bread into slices for my friend who accompanied me. 

I got the lemon tartlet because for some odd reason I wasn't craving anything chocolatey. It sat in the refrigerator for most of the day because I wanted to ensure the merengue stayed in tact. When I got home, I cracked the box open and went to town! The lemon flavor was absolutely perfect. Not too tangy and not too sweet. The merengue was fluffy and melted in my mouth. Crust was buttery and flaky. There's no reason why someone would hate this thing. I noticed they have a berry tartlet available so that's next on my list to try. 

Overall, a VERY cute French bakery with several options for everyone! Definitely recommend J'aime for your morning cup of Joe and a delicious bakery item.
Located in the Gayborhood in Center City Philadelphia, J'aime French Bakery is a local joint that has some really delicious pastries! Here's what I got

Orange Olive Bread: 
Moist and filled with delicious poppy seeds, this was the surprise of the trio of pastries we got. With a hint of citrus, it was balanced and delicious!

Lemon Tart: 
Topped with meringue peaks, the lemon tart was a little bit too sweet for my liking. The texture and presentation though were spot on!

Merveilleux:
Creamy, rich, and not too sweet, this meringue ball of joy was the highlight of our snack here. Yummy!

I highly recommend coming here to check out this spot and experiencing the great vibes and pastries if you're ever in the area!
Lovely! I love pastry shops in France! It is hard to find delicate pasties here. Ordered these through Uber Eats to serve on a private jet. Beautiful pastries that will please all! Each delicate pastry was as delicious as the next. Amazing flakey layers of delight! The cream filled items were a favorite, however, honestly everything was a favorite. If you can pick up a variety of the $6 pastries you won't be disappointed. If choosing only one, the light fluffy cream filled selections are extra special. 

I ordered one of just about everything on their "pastry" menu. Thank you so much for offering such a wide selection of beautiful French pastries.
Pretty cafe with gorgeous lighting, great service from the baristas, strong coffee and yummy parties that taste authentic to Parisian pastries...this new cafe is a gem! I'm so glad they opened since they are conveniently located next to my old gym. Now I look forward to going back to the gym so I can come here ;)
This bakery definitely has a cafe feel. There's a good amount of seating space and feels welcoming to hang out for a while. Though I should mention - there is NO WIFI, so it's more of a place to chat and maybe read than to get serious work done. 

The latte I had was good, but the chocolate croissant really stole the show. It was flaky and delicious! They also had other food items - more baked goods but also sandwich options. Their baguette looked great, and I'm excited to try it. 

The atmosphere and decor were well done. It has that trendy instagram look - modern and open with cool white and grey tones. There are large windows at the front so the inside is quite bright. It also looked like the windows would be able to be opened, so here's to hoping for some open-air seating by the window when the weather is nicer. 

It would have been a 5-star experience but some of the details were off. There were used napkins on the floor, and the small table was really shaky and needed to be wiped down.
Holy cow! These reviews don't lie do they? 

I decided to finally check this place out after my morning appointment in Center City. It's small and cute...I wanted to sit and enjoy my coffee and croissant there but they were super busy and all the seats were taken :( Maybe next time...

So as soon as you walk in, there are various pastries on display and all of them looked AMAZING. Since I wasn't going to be able to sit and enjoy my visit, I decided on a large coffee and croissant to go. The baristas/servers behind the counter were nice and friendly and I was able to peek in the kitchen to see the chef baking all their goodies. So fascinating and cool. 

I am a fan of dark roasts...prefer them over light, and I wasn't disappointed. On their window is a sticker that says they serve La Colombe coffee and I saw their draft lattes but not sure if the regular coffee is. Maybe it was just a different blend than I normally drink at home? By the time I got to 15th Street to catch my ride back home, I was done with my coffee haha (coffee feind). I waited to get home to enjoy my croissant and O.M.G! It is by far THE BEST croissant I've ever had! Too bad they're not close to where I live...or maybe that's a good thing. I'd probably be there too often. 

I will DEFINITELY go back the next time I'm around, and now I know to buy more of their baked goodies to enjoy at home... I'm looking at you baguettes :P
This place is very nice.  Always on the lookout for new french bakery.  This place has great croissants (will venture out to say best in philly to date?); my 2 yr old daughter loved their "pain au chocolat" mistakenly referred to as "chocolate croissant" :)

The only downside for me were:

1) there is a lot of light (long windows) and was a bit disturbing on a sunny morning (more of a preference thing).

2) they advertised "fresh squeezed juice" which i was excited about, however it was not freshly squeezed it was a local vendor who has juice in containers.

Both of these are not big enough to stop the experience but worth noting
I was wandering around in the area in the afternoon and wanted a coffee so I walked in this shop! Yet it's such a hidden gem!
I originally just wanted a coffee ended up getting an éclair with chocolate cream!with a coffee!
The pastries they sell look delicious yet very very affordable!
They also have quiches and sandwiches for lunch if you are interested!
It made my afternoon so pleasant!
Before J'aime, this location was Cafe Twelve, which always looked dark, grungy, and uninviting. J'aime is the polar opposite - it's bright, clean, and so very inviting! The front seating area is usually open to the outdoors, and there are plenty of places to sit even though the cafe is small. As a bonus, they serve La Colombe coffee, so you know it's going to be good! A bit on the pricey side, but not any more so than other small coffee shops. Their array of French pastries is excellent - they have both sweet and savory foods to satisfy either craving. The most unique thing about J'aime (in my opinion) is the little colorful meringues that you can purchase by the handful. Each color is a different flavor and they aren't overly sweet, making them a cute and fun snack! J'aime is the perfect place to catch up with friends over a cup of coffee, or to study/read. Love this new addition to the neighborhood, I think I've found my new go-to study spot!
Yo the croissants here are banging. Probably the best in Philly. Great coffee and solid spot to get some work done. They also accept credit card, and it's such a clean and modern looking bakery. Everyone here is so friendly. A real gem right here.
Love this new bakery! Light, flakey croissants. Delicious pastries. Friendly staff. Beautiful decor. And La Colombe pure black on draft. It's a great addition to the neighborhood!!
Came here with a friend at the time to get some pastries and coffee. The person working counter may have been new or was getting into the groove of things, but he mixed up a lot of our orders at first. My friend stated that she wanted our orders separate, but they were all included together. Then, the lemon tart I ordered was placed in her bag and not mine, so we ended up sorting that out ourselves. In fairness to him too, there seemed to be only two people working at the time.

The almond croissant was a-okay. Not the most amazing thing I've had, but certainly not the worst. Layers of butter and dough were there and the filling was quite nice, not sickly sweet. The lemon tart was also okay. Honestly I feel it's basically a lemon bar in a cute shape with some meringue piped in a circle that was torched on top. It was a scorcher of a day, and sounded the most refreshing at the time, but maybe I just ordered wrong.

Overall, a nice little place to stop by if you're craving pastries, but I wouldn't say after my first visit it's a destination sort of place.

3.5 stars
This is a clean, well-lit, upscale place that I would love to go on a date/hang out with girlfriends in. Unfortunately, I wasn't equally impressed by the pastries. Nothing was bad, but the quality/flavor just didn't match the atmosphere.
Was looking for a treat and a good cup of coffee on a Sunday and was very excited to see that there's a new bakery in town. 

The ambiance is very cute. Bright, clean, and new-- with a hint of industrial. Very inviting and nice to come in and sit. Airy and open. 

The service was great- the barista was great about explaining different options and was extremely friendly. 

I enjoyed the 'black and tan' -- la Colombe iced black coffee with the la colombe draft latte (nitrogen foamed latte) on top -- makes for a very tasty, frothy drink. I also had the chouquette with Nutella cream -- YUM. Flaky, airy pastry with rich Nutella cream in the center. A perfect complement to the bitter coffee. 

Only thing I can knock this place on is price-- two small coffees and the one pastry came out to $15, so it's more than I'd typically pay for something comparable. 

Overall, a great experience. Definitely recommend stopping in!
Stumbled upon this place on a walk around philly musing over art murals on a rainy day and knew we had to pop in.

Loved the French, minimalist decorations, and the strong lattes. 

I posted a photo of the coffee shop and the space was so beautiful that my friends kept asking me where I found this gem!
I had a complicated order.  :-) Since I live in Miami, I am used to drinking Cortaditos, which is no more than a double Espresso with a hint of milk. The barista was friendly enough to comply and my c coffee turn out great.  I pair my coffee with a a great tasting croissant. Can't ask for more!!!!
Best croissant in the US - plainly and simply true!!!

Not only Philly is one of these US best kept secrets, now one may add this real French bakery, owned and run by a French national. 
And here is what you get - just the perfectly balanced croissant, which is even hard to find in Paris!!! Light and airy, super tasty. 
Everything else is equally great, not to mention the lovely personnel and the bright setting. 

PS: come and get your Bonne Maman jams over here too!!!
This place was so aesthetically pleasing and bright and turned out to be a nice study spot for me and my friends. There are some tables but not too many so if you get lucky, grab a table and spend the afternoon there! 

I got a latte and a chocolate croissant which were both good but not spectacular. Overall I would come back and have an afternoon coffee and snack and get studying done or have a cute little coffee date here!
In my search for the best croissant in Philly, it was only natural for me to visit J'aime if not for the sole reason that it's exceptionally close to me. The shop is cute, bright, and has a good amount of indoor seating space, perfect for a coffee date or if you're looking for a place to study or get work done. For the budget conscious viennoiserie lover, they also sell bags of day old croissants (3 for $3).
The plain croissant is light, crisp, flaky, buttery, and has a decent crumb. The same can be said for the others. The almond croissant is interesting since it seems like the frangipane is rolled and baked in the croissant instead of being filled into a sliced open croissant, which gives it a different texture - not inherently a better or worse thing. The olive oil cake is rich and moist without reading as too dense on the palate (honestly surprised since it's pretty hefty and the oil seeps through the bag lol), though I'm not sure how I feel about the poppy seeds since they sometimes can be a little too crunchy/grainy.
Overall, I think J'aime is worth checking out - the pastries are good, the decor is welcoming, and it's priced pretty on par with the other bakeries in the area.
J'aime is a solid go-to whenever we are craving some pastries. It's a popular spot on the weekends, so go early as they tend to sell out of items. 

I have been a fan of everything I've tried there so far. The sweet items are just the right amount of sweet and everything is baked to flaky perfection. I haven't tried any of their drinks, but it seems like a regular morning coffee spot for many.

As of right now there is limited indoor seating and a couple outdoor tables as well. Off the main street so it's nice and quiet, perfect for munching and people watching!
My favorite croissant in the city! Just perfectly executed, such a joy to eat. Everything I have had from Bastian's bakery is wonderful (although I don't have too much of a sweet tooth so I haven't tried the dessert-y sweet treats). Highly recommend the croissant, pain aux raisins, and almond croissant but I bet you can't go wrong across the board (the little quiches look particularly cute).
I came here during outfest as I wanted coffee and this shop was in my face. When I walked in, the baristas were friendly. I ordered the Pure Black/Draft Latte mix which I was actually surprised that it tasted so good without the need to add any sugar or dairy. Bakery ambiance was nice too. Very cute
What a lovely little place this is! The first thing we need to talk about is the decor of this place! It's cute and quaint and I could sit here all day. The lighting and airiness make it feel so cozy! Next, the iced Black and Tan is AH-MAZI G! Get the large because you'll be sad when the smaller one finishes! It's got a great consistency and really wakes you up! Finally, get one of their baked goods! There are tons of little treats to choose from and I aim to try them all at some point! The banana Nutella crepe is def a favorite for me and the tarts are fantastic! Get that bread literally!
Stopped by this cute bakery while in Philly. Pastries were delicious and the staff was helpful in finding me things that would stay good in a suitcase.
I'd give this place 10 stars if I could. The customer service was over the top and the staff were so cheery and welcoming. You could tell they enjoy coming to work. The latte in the picture isn't from there but I got the smoked salmon with spinach on a baguette. The baguette itself was delicious, it felt like I was back in Paris all over again. I've been searching for smoked salmon on a baguette for years trying to recreate that experience when I was in Europe and this was by far the closest I've gotten. Everything was great quality.
The views are also great, it's nice having the buildings engulf your sight while you're eating. 
ALSO! I left my drink there for some reason and I actually came back to get it and they had saved it for me!!! Like how sweet is that? And the owner was cracking jokes about it. Small stuff like that seems so insignificant but I swear it brightened up my day. Made my crazy life more bearable!! Best way to gain a returning customer. Be sure to check them our, you won't be disappointed!!
Have you been looking for a fun place to enjoy a coffee and chat with a friend? Or a bright place to settle down and study or answer emails? Or even just a place to grab a quick pastry during those afternoon doldrums? Well look no further: J'aime French Bakery is the spot for you.
This small cafe/bakery on 12th street has some of the best french patisseries in town: ranging from fluffy and airy croissants, to perfectly filled eclairs, and buttery tartlets. I'm a sucker for chocolate croissants, and this place has the best ones I've found in Philadelphia. You can see and taste the separate layer of the pastry, and the outside has a perfect slightly crispy texture. The bittersweet chocolate inside is also delicious. If you're lucky enough to be at the bakery when they're baking a fresh batch, you can even score one hot out of the oven! I believe there are also some savory pastry options, but I have yet to try these. 
They also have a variety of coffee options encompassing espresso drinks and la colombe drafts; you'll definitely find something to get your caffeine fix. 
The ambiance is also something to note! The windows and white decor make the space very open and inviting. While some coffee shops feel cramped by copious tables and scarce light bulbs, this one feels comfortable and spacious. If you can get a table by the windows, you can even people-watch (one of my favorite activities)!
Overall, going to J'aime is a delightful experience--both for the food and the atmosphere.
I returned and was less impressed. They seem to be running down their selection of very French Kusmi tea in favor of decidedly un-French Harney & Sons. I got a millefeuille, which they call also un-Frenchly call a Napoleon, and it had only one layer of custard between two thick layers of pastry sheets. In a true millefeuille, you are supposed to get a nice mixture of the pastry part and the custard part with each bite, but with this there was too much dry pastry in one part of my mouth while the custard was in another. For $5.50, it was a significant disappointment. I'll be sticking to Miel for my pastries from now on.
While a midday break and walking around I came upon this new French bakery... literally just opened within 9 days of my discovery.

Saw two coffee taps, inquired and learned it was to their on site cold brew.  One was American with milk, my go to.  The other espresso based. Upon the explanation and reco I had the suggested mix.  Best cold brew I've had.

Since I'm a French bakery, how could I leave without bringing home sweets.  Selected two fruit tarts-- orange and pear.  The crust was light, flakey and delicate.
Wonderful taste and brought a smile to my honey.

Finally found a go to bakery for special treats for the weekends.
I've been on a quest for years to find the most authentic chocolate croissant in the United States. I was spoiled a few years ago in Paris and aside from one bakery in Seattle, no place has come close until...J'aime. We've stopped by in the morning, in the afternoon, and right before closing and have gotten consistently good product. It's especially great because they make the croissants on site. I honestly haven't tried anything else yet, but I know in my heart their other baked goods are just as delicious. This is my go-to place for french pastries.
My wife had a Doctor's appointment around the corner so we stopped by for an AM pastry. The staff was so kind and friendly. The restaurant was spotless. We tried three types of croissants and took a french baguette to go. All three croissants were flakey and buttery. Everything you'd want in a croissant. The chocolate pretzel croissant was super yummy! Highly recommend. Can't wait to come back! 

Also, I'm very COVID conscious and I felt very safe picking up food to go here. Big thanks to the staff!
Definitely the best croissant in Philly hands down. Metropolitan does not compare. They have captured the essence of the croissant which is the most important test of skill of any baker.
Cute little french bakery, with a wide selection of pastries to eat. Also great ambiance to do some work as it wasn't too loud and wifi was speedily fast, and they make a wide selections of coffees. Baristas were really friendly and accomodating, and their coffees (got an Iced latte for ~$3) was surprisingly good and tasty. Lots of tables at back to do work and sit. The whole decor feels like your transported to a coffee shop in Paris, and a cool place to hangout with a friend or invite a date over. Would definitely come back here!
The place was very clean and the workers were very friendly. Because this is a French bakery, I was expecting that they had macaroons but they didn't. The pastry options were very limited. However, considering the fact that everything is made in the store, it makes sense that there there were only a few options.
Yummy pastries, nice atmosphere, kind and helpful staff. Very chill vibe for a coffee spot in the city and everything is fresh and pretty close to authentic- we brought our 1 year old here for her first taste of sugar- it was a hit! She recommends the hazelnut "Philadelphia Opera"!  Also at least one staff member speaks French - refreshing
I will admit, I did feel like I was swept back to Paris when I entered this bakery.  They had all the classics from croissants to crepes and baguettes.  After visiting Paris it is hard for us to order croissants from anywhere else (yes I am that kind of snob now) so we decided on a crepe and baguette with jam and butter.  A place that can make simple bread and butter tastes good always is an excellent mark for a place in my book.  I would eat that baguette everyday and be happy.  I think it is hard to mess up a crepe and this one hit the spot for us, went for a simple raspberry lemon one.  Think this a lovely spot if you want to hang out and enjoy your coffee and breakfast on the weekend.
Like stepping into Paris! I love (I mean LOVE) a croissant and these are hands-down the best in the city, maybe in America. The staff are French and give you a bonjour in the morning. Plus draft La Columb... this is an absolute jem. J'aime? Non. J'adore!
it's the best bakery in philadelphia ... I'm French and it is like I'm in Paris!
Très bonne boulangerie mention spéciale pour la tartelette au chocolat
How wonderful is J'aime?!!! My daughter lives in the area and told me about it, declaring that they had the best French pastries outside of France. So naturally, I've been wanting to try it and today provided the perfect opportunity as I was in the city for the morning. 

Lovely spot. Clean and fun and fresh and, fortunately, not too crowded later morning. My daughter and I enjoyed their Quiche Lorraine, as well as a Napoleon, and an almond croissant. The quiche was delicious, light and tasty, with a shortbread-like crust. The Napoleon...how can I describe it? It LOOKS like a heart-shaped shortbread cookie filled with buttercream. But when you bite into this pastry, it shatters and melts into a richly layered deliciousness. 

Friendly staff. What more could you ask for?
I was looking for a place for a decent croissant in downtown Philly. This place emerged from my searches and therefore I gave it a try.

The quiches here are kind of amazing. They are a very different beast to the kind of quiche I am used to. They are much smaller and in this case small is beautiful. They are more like tartlets than anything else. However they are quite expensive.

The croissants were very good. They are also a little bit on the small side and quite expensive. The coffee here was more than acceptable. 

Therefore the overall impression is if you want to have a place to have a European style breakfast and you are in downtown Philadelphia on the weekend this is your one of your better options.
A lovely space, we especially enjoyed sitting at the front with the windowed facade slid open. There are a few tables on the sidewalk, some counter seats, and bistro-size tables all the way back (it's quite a deep space).

Early afternoon on a Sunday, the pastry cases seemed a little empty; however, I appreciated the variety of the offerings, and the croissant I chose was flakey, buttery, and delicious (I always have to see how the croissants are as a threshold matter!). The mocha was good--could've been a little hotter. The mini meringue that came on the side tasted a bit chalky.

I appreciated the baguettes (French and sour dough) available for sale along the wall and the gender-neutral (single) bathroom in the back.
This is the closest thing I've eaten to a real almond croissant in France. I loved it. I would recommend the almond pastry again & again. The staff are super sweet, (they have the full French accent too!) and you really do get a taste of France when you're there!
I am obsessed with J'aime. 

It's the closest coffee shop to my apartment and I couldn't be more thankful. It's interior is the most aesthetically pleasing, bright place to sit and enjoy your coffee and get some work done. There are tons of tables to sit at too, which always seems to be an issue when looking for a place to get work done in the city. 

Their coffee is amazing & they have a decent menu for different types you can get. They also have a few nondairy creamer options! My girlfriend raves about their pastries and says that she absolutely cannot her enough. She gets a chocolate croissant weekly!  

It's tough to find cute, cozy coffee shops in Philly but I promise you won't be disappointed. In nice weather there's outdoor seating out front and when there isn't, there's huge windows to people watch out of! Stop by here, I promise you'll love it.
I am so happy J'aime has opened near us. It is by far the best pastries I've had in the states. It literally tastes as good as a chocolate croissant from France. It's beyond delicious and the place is so well decorated- the staff friendly- and the smells... out of this world. They are also super friendly and brought a little water bowl for my pup while we were sitting outside. LOVE. I can't say enough good things. Try them :)
Great spot for a morning breakfast/brunch. Best Napoleon I've had in awhile. It consisted of light, flaky layers dusted with sugar and filled with delicious cream. I miss the pastries in Paris and this place definitely lives up to the expectations!
Really cute bakery and coffee shop. The staff is very friendly and the space itself is small, clean, and bright. I stopped in with see girlfriends to get some coffee and some dessert that we didn't need but couldn't resist ordering. 

They have La Colombe coffee including the draft lattes. My friend got the draft latte but unfortunately it tasted off the day we went. She mentioned to staff and they immediately replaced it with a drink of her choice which I thought was a really nice touch. I had a latte with soy milk which was very tasty. 

The desserts are all gorgeous. If I was hungrier I probably could have gotten everything there. 

We ended up getting a Madeline (not pictured), the choquette (puff pastry with airy chocolate cream) and the Napoleon (the last two are pictured with this review). All were good but the Napoleon (the heart shaped dessert) was stand out. The cream was so friggin delicious I am still thinking about it days later. 

If I'm in the neighborhood I would definitely stop by here for coffee and sweets.
Awesome French bakery! My boyfriend and I stopped in to grab coffee and some treats (they have La Colombe on draft). The almond croissant was great, but the chocolate almond croissant pretzel thing was the absolute best - definitely get that. They also have a few tables outside.
Such an awesome addition to the neighborhood! It's so nice to have such a bright, clean space to visit when you're treating yourself. The raisin roll is my current favorite but I've tried nearly everything and it's all amazing. They also serve La Colombe and have draft lattes which is a bonus!
Polite service, but baked goods and coffee were a bit of a let down. Baked goods tasted a bit stale and the selection was not huge.
I had the banana Nutella crepe. The crepe is perfect, soft with Nutella but unfortunately there are not much banana in it.

I saw the eclairs but they were so much skinnier than the last time. Thus I decided not to get it.

I got 15 percent off by showing my yelp reviews.
In my quest to try as many French pastries as I could in my short time in Philly, I dropped by J'aime as pictures and reviews made this place look amazing.

J'aime seems to be nestled in the middle of a Philly gaybourhood, which I always personally enjoy. Its a brightly lit space that is quiet enough to sit and chat with friends or even use as a study/work space. It is rather small though so I'm not sure whether or not it'd be conducive to a lot of people working.

Pastry wise the fare is pretty average. The 4 star rating includes the ambiance and location as otherwise, I'd probably rate closer to a 3.5 on food alone. I got a Paris Philadelphia, which to me is just a Paris-Brest with a strange name. Flavor-wise it was good, strong praline/hazelnut flavor in the cream. My friend thought the cream could be lighter but I've never had trouble downing just chunks of butter so personal preference. The choux pastry felt a bit soggy and not as light and crisp as I'd prefer, but this may just be because I got one towards the later afternoon so it was probably sitting out for some time. Overall, it was a good pastry, nothing standout and pretty one note.

The same could be said about the Lemon tart. Again, the flavor was strong of lemon and there was acidity but it was very one note. Nothing special or stand out with this pastry either. The tart base itself was pretty well made, held up to the custard well and kept its texture. My friend made a comment that the custard felt grainy but I don't think I noticed it as I attributed the graininess to the tart itself.

Overall, its a nice place to sit and chill and get a craving out if you're looking for some pastries.
I had the Paris Philadelphia. It was good but a little rich.  All the pastries and bread looked fresh.  The counter staff were friendly and polite.

Every time a French bakery opens up in  the area, it's over precious and this is no exception.  What I mean by precious it is all white gleaming counter tops and 3 pastries.  I'd like to see a French bakery crowded with bread and pastries.  If you are a representative of Laduree or Dallyou reading this, open near Rittenhouse Square.  You will get business that now goes to New York.

Update - after initially posting this review I continued on a quest for what I was looking for, trying four other French patisseries and found it at Le Petit Mitron in Narberth.  So if you are looking for a more traditional patisserie try that.
Some of the best French pastries around. Great ambiance and very friendly staff. Almond croissants  and olive oil cake are the bomb, but I honestly have not had anything here I did not like.
Overall Value:  The prices here are steep, and I was initially reluctant to get anything other than coffee because of it.  But the baked goods are amazing (made from scratch!) and totally worth it - the best I have had outside of Paris.  Nothing else in Philly comes close to the quality.  We still haven't tried the crepes or quiche (ugh, I just can't justify the $9 on such a small-looking quiche.  Maybe my mind will be changed once I finally try it), but the pastries are fantastic.  Definitely one of my favorite spots in Philly, and we return to it regularly. 

The Food: We have had almost all of the pastries, including the croissants ($3), chocolate croissants ($3.25), napoleon ($5.50), eclair ($5.50), chocolate tartlet ($6), and paris philadelphia ($6).  They are all excellent - absolutely perfect, delicate textures with incredible flavor.  In my mind, the test for any french bakery is the humble croissant, and this one is so far above and beyond what you get anywhere else in Philly in terms of texture and flavor.  Super rich, buttery flavor and fluffy, pillowy goodness.  I had a croissant at Metropolitan Bakery (which - not to bad mouth them, I like a lot of their stuff) shortly afterwards, and the difference in quality is huge.   My personal favorite is the Paris Philadelphia, which has a lovely hazelnut cream filling that is just the perfect amount of sweetness.  Likewise, the eclair and chocolate tart have this subtle richness to them - so different than the overly cheap sweet stuff in other places.  Really can't go wrong with anything they have.

The Service:  Really friendly staff and good service.

Space and Pace: I love the interior of the cafe.  It's a lot of white colors mixed with a little bit of yuppie decor, and with a lot of window space, it's just very bright and positive energy.  It's different than a lot of other cafes, which often have a bit more of a darker industrial look (which looks cool too, but I think is better suited for a bar than a cafe).  It's just a great place to meet up or do some writing on the laptop, and usually not overly crowded.
The location is quite convenient, and the restaurant itself is beautiful, and the food is just delicious, totally worth the try.
Adorable bakery that acted as a nice escape from the wintry streets of mid-February Philly! The interior is super bright and airy with cute decor and chipper music. Their selection of Kusmi tea was pretty expansive and their small latte was the perfect amount for a caffeine fix. I also ordered a flan to share, which was super custardy and fluffy yet not too sweet. The service is extremely friendly too!
Wow can this neopolitan get any tastier ?!! First of all the layers of puff pastry were incredible, and second the vanilla filling was so light and fresh, I would buy a container to eat with berries. Highly recommend people to go. 
I've also had an almond croissant and chocolate croissant. Both were amazing. The chocolate in the croissant was like a dark chocolate, which was great because it didn't make the pastry disgustingly sweet. 
Also, my friend got the orange cake. I tried it, and I'd eat it for breakfast everyday if I could!
Definitely coming again!!
Great coffee and day old treats freshly decadent none the less! Stop by for a warm pick me up it's blustery out there!!!
I'm a pretty good baker, like adults fight over my cheesecake and cookies good, and I've had plenty of pastries that were good, but I've never been obsessed until now. When I tell you I dreamt about the Napoleon from J'aime French Bakery I'm not kidding. I was super sad when I realized I had been dreaming and there wasn't one in my fridge; there's definitely one in my fridge right now! The Napoleon was hands down the best pastry I have ever eaten!
I know I've reviewed this bakery before, but I just want to reiterate that I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place! Come on, they even sell Bonne Maman jams - gotta love that even more. Thank you for coming to the neighborhood and please stay forever! :) And thank you to the lovely staff for always being awesome!
I love this place and am so glad it's joined our neighborhood! Their baked goods are delicious. Their tea is wonderful. The staff is friendly and helpful. And the atmosphere is to die for! Please stay in business forever! And welcome to the neighborhood. :)
Great little spot for a nice coffee and a baked good that hits the spot. The chouquette was excellently tasty both in cream and buttery pastry. The almond croissant was also crisp and sweet.
Amazing croissants and lovely staff! They had an assortment of pastries and drinks. I was surprised that they were selling baguettes. I visited in the late afternoon with my friend and I bought a couple of plain croissants to take home for my siblings. The croissants were huge and flaky and delicious and my siblings were happy with them. The store itself is very pretty and cute, though very very small and full. After purchasing, my friend and I had to sit outside since the establishment was packed and no seats were available. But if you can find room, this would make a great spot to study at.
Very quaint, peaceful, and bright environment perfect for morning or afternoon coffee. It was not too busy when we went around 11. We tried the sugared choquette was delicious (filled with Nutella cream that was extremely light). Anastasia tea that my friend had smelled so aromatic, and cappuccino  as also strong
Yum! Enjoyed iced herbal tea and apple tart the other day while wondering around the city. I felt fortunate to find this little oasis on 12 street. My tea was both delicious and refreshing. The apple tart was a French work of art....tender juicy apples encapsulated in a light pastry, not too sweet, not too tart...perfect! I enjoyed relaxing at my table open to the outdoor elements and watching people walk on by. The bakery has huge windows which were open at this time of year and made one feel as though they were outside, but slightly protected from the sun. The decor of white and grey tones created a sophisticated backdrop where  the pastries and other delectable goodies take center stage. The staff behind the counter were authentic French, warm and friendly. They even provided me with a sample of tea to help me choose among the options. 

Yes, it's a bit pricey. However, the food, charm and patisserie ambiance made me anxious for a return visit. Be sure to navigate your way to J'aime French Bakery in the near future. I highly recommend it. Bon appetit!
We went to this cute little bakery & cafe serving French pastries, sandwiches, crepes & coffee for breakfast. We got there quite early in the morning, there were few people who were getting things to go, instead of dining in, which gave us all the seating options. They had some tables right at the entrance, and then more seating in the back.

The cafe is located on the corner lot, so it had lots of windows on the front and the side, bringing in bright natural light.

Right at the entrance, they had some bread and baked goods, such as croissant, apple turnover, and raisin roll. On the side, they had lots of sweets such as macarons, tartlet, and éclairs. They also had some quiche as well. Since we were there super early, the pasty chef was still working on some items.

We started off with a couple of pastries and cups of coffee. I got a small Latte, and it was really small... They ground coffee beans at the time of order, which is great. The coffee was quite good, I wish if the mug was a bit bigger, even though I did order small. My hubby ordered a Cappuccino, they didn't have any choice of size, it came in a mug that is similar to the latte mug, but a bit shorter and wider. They were tasty coffees, again, just really small...

We had Sugared Chouquette, Napoleon, French Jam Crêpe and Paris Philadelphia. They were all very tasty, high quality and oh-so-satisfying. It was a fun and tasty visit. The service was ok, not overly friendly but efficient. Their sweets were elegant and sophisticated, we enjoyed them all.
Stopped by this cute little cafe after I found it on Yelp. I was near the area and needed a quick place to relax before an event. The space is long and narrow but ample seating and bright and airy. The overall aesthetic is very pleasing. The pastry case by the late afternoon wasn't super filled but there were enough options to choose from like the lemon tarte which was delicious! The coffee menu itself is rather small. I ordered a mocha which was definitely a more bitter chocolate which I didn't mind, but if you're used to sweet like Starbucks this may be a pass for you. The people working here were nice. The prices were a tad expensive for coffee and pastries especially when the coffee isn't super elaborate. I also wish they would use real cups. They might have these but they didn't bother to ask if my order was to go or not. They offer bread for purchase as well. The staff was nice, the bathrooms clean. Overall a pretty great cafe in Philly perfect for an afternoon pick me up.
Cute little coffee shop with a nice atmosphere for studying and they have free WiFi!  I only had hot tea which was kind of expensive and the food looked good but I didn't have any because I had just eaten before I got there. Would definitely come back!
What the previous reviewer said: For a major city, Philly has a surprising lack of good patisseries. However, J'aime represents a strong step toward remedying that problem. It's the real deal (despite the cutesy name): Genuine world-class French-style pastries. It's not enormous, and their stock isn't either--they'll typically have around 6 or 8 items (weighted toward choux pastries & buttery tarts), plus some breakfast items (e.g., croissants). They also have a few breads that look outstanding. Everything I've tried has been stellar (all pastries). Service is pleasant and competent. Good job, mes amis!!! Keep it up--we need more of this!
I had high hopes based on the pictures and reviews but was left unfulfilled. Their menu is quite sparse, I wish they had more to offer. I got a mocha latte but it was quite bitter, more so compared to the other mocha lattes I've had at other cafes in the city. I got a brioche roll as well which was very dry and small for the price it was allocated. Last but not least, I was confused by the service. When I walked in, there were two people behind the counter, one was already helping another customer and another was talking to a friend. I was waiting for a good 5 minutes and there was no acknowledgement or anything. I will pass this next time around. Go down a few blocks to Bluestone, it's not worth it.
I tried three things here: eclair, chocolate croissant, and an iced latte. All three were delicious! I am going to come here again for sure. Cute place with a lot of options. I would try all of their baked items. The seating areas were clean and the ones by the window seat were nice today bc the sun was shining and it was a Friday. You could watch the people walking to work or wherever.
Beautiful interior and friendly staff. The pastries look and taste delicious. They serve La Colombo draft lattes along with other espresso drinks, hot chocolate, teas, juice. They also have a menu with more substantial options of quiche, salads, crepes. Great place to do some work in the middle of the city and also a nice set for a date!
15% discount if you made reviews on Yelp. 

Filled choquette: really disappointed. There's no flavor at all only whipped cream. It's super to be hazelnut flavor. However the pastry is very fresh and moist.

Flourless chocolate cake: really good and not overly sweet. It has a brownie texture.

Orange olive oil cake: really moist and it's sweet. You can't taste the olive oil. The poppy seed gives a crunchy texture. The outer part of the cake is addictive from the caramelization of the sugar.
I was recently asked to transfer to the downtown office to be the full time nurse. I live in Philadelphia so it makes sense but the office is literally 150 feet away from J'aime so I am in trouble
i love this place!! the bakery items are adorable and they have so many pastries!! the only downside is they don't have chai, which is the only thing i really drink since i'm not a coffee drinker! but the service is good and the ambience is stellar
Beat bakery in Philadelphia! Love all of their items and the staff are super friendly!
I find this place as one of my favorite cafes in Philly with awesome latte and delicious croissants. I highly recommend coming to this place to work or study as well.
Delicious croissant and latte, my husband also really enjoyed his quiche and tea. The staff was friendly and the cafe looked comfortable to hang out in(after COVID of course) Would definitely return and recommend.
We came here looking at the high ratings here on Yelp. The place is small with a few indoor tables, but it was super crowded. It seems the place is surely a local favorite. They offer a variety of croissants, pastries, and crepes. They offer nondairy milk with coffees, otherwise, I didn't find any vegan items here. We wanted to sit down but there were already people waiting in the line to grab a place, so we had to opt for take out. My family loved the pastries. Overall, it's a cool place, my bad, I totally forgot to click photos.
Great place to do work with outlets and good wifi. Good coffee from la Colombe and lots of pastry options. The staff are also very friendly and overall a great experience at the cafe
