On a hot summer night we were drawn to Jack's Firehouse by an inviting outdoor dining area that featured shady trees.  It was empty! Empty! on this hot night.  There was a reason....they had reserved if for a private party that didn't show up for the entirety of our dining session.  They sat us, instead, in the front of the building, a converted firehouse, along one of the big firehouse doors, and on the concrete.  

There was no AC. That inviting space, it called to us.  Sigh. Did I mention it was a hot day?

We had timed tickets to Eastern State Penitentiary across the street, so we asked if eating was possible in that timeframe. They assured us it was, and we made it, but barely.  

We ordered - I got the Big Famous Burger, Lion and Sheba got the southern pulled pork sandwiches.  They were fine.  Nothing spectacular, just nicely done.  

I would say though that if they had put a sign out saying the garden area was reserved we probably would have gone elsewhere.
Attention southern transplants (or other interested parties): this place has over 40 bourbons on the menu.  That is all.

Ok, that is not all....

Not only do they have over 40 bourbons on the menu, but the bartender (at least, the bartender who was working on the Thursday night that I visited) knows a fair bit about all of them and can make recommendations accordingly.  About eight of us bellied up to the bar to drink and eat from about 6:30PM to 9 or so.  A few other people trickled in and out, mostly to and from the bar, but other than that the place was pretty empty.  The bartender was fantastic, keeping track of all of our crazy orders and then splitting everything one by one (or two by two, depending) as we needed.  Food was delicious, but if you're a bourbon drinker.. you need only look at their website to make a decision.
Unique in the setting, it's actually inside an old renovated firehouse. It's beautiful inside and fun to eat there! On a nice day you may be able to snag a sidewalk table.

We've dined here several times and we were not disappointed, although there are better places around town, the inside ambiance helps add much to your dining experience. 

I had the clam chowder and the barbecued baby back ribs, both were tasty. The fries are hand cut which is something I appreciate and adore. Hubby had a huge juicy burger and was loving it. 

The inside is dimly lit with a lot of dark wood inside. A very large bar sits center stage. Another time we sat in the lounge area and enjoyed some good cuts of steak, filet for me and NY strip for hubby, both cooked to the right temperature..   

I saw Jack McDavid walking around and said to my server, "I used to watch him on TV. cooking with Bobby Flay" and she sent him over and he signed a mini menu for me! That was better than anything. It said "Keep on Chillin, Jack McDavid". Cool, huh?
I've dined Jack's during 2 milestones. The first being my father's surprise 60th birthday dinner, and I was pleasantly surprised. They accommodated our large group, provided us with a great personalized menu, and made sure our wine glasses were never empty. The food was very good -- the steaks were tender, and the cooked veggies were perfect (even the spinach, which I usually find to be overcooked at most places.) That night, they easily earned 4 stars, if not 5. That was 2 years ago.

The second milestone occurred this weekend: the meeting of the parents. My soon-to-be-live-in boyfriend's 'rents were in town, and finally met my father and his wife. We decided on a brunch date in Fairmount and I set a reservation.

I really did not need to set one. The place was empty when we got there, and though it began to fill up as the afternoon progressed, it still was fairly empty -- which was great for our party, but it quickly became clear why it was quiet.

Their brunch is simply not good. The menu has a couple breakfast-y items on it, but for the most part, it's lunch bordering on bar food. Overlooking their weak brunch offerings, I ordered the calamari to share with everyone, and it really was just a hodge-podge of bits n' pieces that seem to come from the bottom of the fryer. Part of it was mushy rings of calamari, part of it was deep fried bits of green pepper, and the third part was anyone's guess. Clam strips, maybe? Bits of shoelaces? Damned if I know.

I also ordered the seitan salad. The seitan tasted like the chef got a hold of some liquid smoke and just went buck-ass wild. It could've been good, and once I got past that initial flavor, it was edible enough, but still. It tasted like propane. How the f@&% does that even happen???

On the upside, our waiter was polite and attentive, and it's a really great space, especially when they open up the large doors in front. But it's always going to be more about the food for me, so 2.5 stars. But because they did do a phenomenal job a couple years ago, I'll round it up to 3.
On my visit here last week, Jack's was offering a 3-course winter menu which I decided to try.  For $30, you get a full-sized appetizer, entree, and dessert.  Here's what I picked:

-Brussels Sprouts:  These were perfectly cooked, and a big portion!  The creamy dipping sauce that came on the side didn't do anything for me but I didn't mind it.  I shared these with the table and everyone else really liked them as well - especially those crunchy outer leaves.

-Miso-Glazed Salmon: The salmon was prepared nicely with crispy skin.  I could have used a little more miso flavor and maybe something more acidic on the side to cut through the fattiness of the salmon + sweetness of the sauce.  I also wished I had more of the greens served on the side.  Overall this was good but I would probably try something else as an entree next time.  I will say that portion-wise, this and the brussels sprouts were enough to fill me up.

-Almond Toffee Butter Cake:  This was incredible.  Dessert is rarely my favorite part of the meal but in this case it definitely - pardon the pun - takes the cake.  Each slice had a chewy bottom layer with a meringue-like crispy shell on top.  I wish I could get the recipe for this and try to make it at home.  Great way to end the meal.

I stole a few bites/sips of my dining companions' options as well.  The Black Eyed Pea Soup was pretty tasty, and I'd say that's a good choice for an app.  I also liked the Kentucky Peach cocktail, although it was mixed with finely diced peach pieces instead of the puree listed on the menu, which made drinking it a little weird.

Another highlight of the meal:  a small dish of warm corn muffins with salted butter and raspberry preserves was brought to our table before our appetizers arrived.  They were delicious, and a really nice gesture to bring these on the house.

The regular menu prices seemed a little high, but the special winter menu was definitely worth it.  I saw the value in the three courses, and the brussels sprouts, almond cake, and complimentary corn muffins were highlights of the meal.
Honestly, I'm pretty bummed out right about now, Jack's. My mom wanted to walk around my soon-to-be new neighborhood earlier today, and since it was around lunchtime, I thought this was a safe bet for a food-intro to Fairmount. I'd never heard anything bad about the place. Guess there's a first for everything.

We walked in and there were a couple empty tables, though some people were seated outside, and it sounded like it was busy upstairs. The hostess brought us to a table in the back where it was a bit more dark and not as lively. And there we sat -- completely ignored -- for nearly 20 minutes, during which time I watched as servers engaged with the other tables on a few occasions but never looked our way once. Clearly, we didn't belong to anyone.

I was noticing my mom becoming increasingly agitated so I got up and nicely asked the hostess if a server was assigned to our table, as we had been ready to order for quite awhile and would like water. She was flustered (but apologetic) and grabbed someone who was working the front area. He took our order and brought out some dry biscuits that I really didn't like and some cornbread that my mom did indeed like.

From there, we waited for quite awhile, to the point that I was wondering yet again if we were actually getting food. I wasn't sure if the person who had been pulled to our rescue was actually our server or someone who was buying time until our server arrived... but, as it turned out, he *was* our server. Okay, then. Anyway. So I ordered the roast chicken with bacon mac and cheese, because that sounded right up my alley. My mom ordered the crab cake platter.

I dug into the bacon mac and cheese first, but was so disappointed. All that waiting... for that? Seriously? That was THE most boring mac and cheese I've ever had. Truly. And the roast chicken wasn't much better. As for my mom, the bottom of her crab cakes were burnt, and she really didn't like the taste, either. She said they had a strange spice in them.

All in all: incredibly disappointing, and I'm not sure that I'll make an effort to go back to Jack's unless I'm with a group that really wants to go there, or in a circumstance to that nature. What a shame!
you're a smart one, jack's. in light of my lunch today, i'd have given you 2 stars, and you know this, don't you? that's why you hand out those ooey gooey complimentary choco chip cookies along with the check, to send me away on a sweet note. i see what you did there. and i'm ok with it.

because goddamn those cookies were DELICIOUS!

as were the biscuits & mini muffin served before our meal. but see, they didn't come right out; i had to request them from a server after seeing them on other tables. and yeah, *a* server, not *our* server, tho maybe she was? but another server told us his name along with the specials and then took our order (and later took away our empty water carafe, but never returned with it refilled) ??? point being, service was... confusing. anywayyyy, the "bread" was good - really good. but the strawberry jam was too breakfasty for lunch, and the butter too hard for spreading on such soft & crumbly cakes.

my main gripe comes with my entree. a salad. for $10.95. now yes, i knew this cost having read the menu; i guess i was just expecting a little something more out of the advertised "spicy seitan & couscous salad with orange & soy dressing." the seitan is what suckered me in, and it was easily the best part of the dish, which also had a few grape tomatoes tossed amongst the leafy greens, all speckled with grains of couscous and a barely-there dressing. i'm a vegetarian. i eat a lot of salads. this one was simply...lackluster. the components weren't complimentary or integrated, and couscous should NOT be a featured ingredient in a lettucey salad as it added nothing to it. at all. 

i was actually expecting the dish to be more grain-based, otherwise i would not have ordered it. i didn't send it back as it was my fault for not asking questions, and it tasted fine, so long as i had some seitan in each bite for flavor. this is just a heads up to others who may consider ordering this. don't - it's not worth your money.

meanwhile, the catfish sandwich that my friend ordered, was deemed quite tasty. it was a solid size, served along with a small side of greens and a heaping pile of skin-on fries for $9.95. a dollar less than my salad. weird.
I will be contacting the manager in the morning as I cannot remember the last time I had such horrible service.  We paid for a $25 entree, half of which our waiter accidentally pitched in the trash, refused to give us more, and wouldn't take anything off our bill.  Absurd.  

They told us they served until 10:30, so we ordered dinner at 10 pm.  They put so much pressure on us to leave at 10:25 that we just asked them to box my husband's half eaten meal to finish at home.  (My risotto looked like a plate of vegetarian vomit and didn't taste much better so I skipped on the take out.)  My husband was brought a box with his buffolo medallions.  The waiter had thrown out the other half of his meal - a huge mound of greens and black eyed peas.  We asked if they could give us some other sides since we paid for a full meal and they threw out more than half.  The waiter said no, all the food was put away.  I asked him to take something off the bill.  He said he could take a $2 substitution charge off the bill but he couldn't take anything else off because he already ran the bill.  No logic here.  Why can you take off $2 but nothing more?

We live in the neighborhood.  My husband has eaten here many times and had good service.  Clearly this waiter just wanted to get the hell out at the end of his shift.  I understand completely.  I would too.  So either don't seat us and say kitchen is closed, seat us at the bar, or at least refund some of our money when you throw our food in the trash by accident.  I think a $25 gift certificate is in order.
Hands down Fairmount is my favorite neighborhood in Philly and this is probably my favorite restaurant/bar.  This place has that neighborhood feel and still inviting to newbies.  

This is a great place to grab drinks, have dinner, or enjoy brunch.  The are located across to from the Eastern State penitentiary so they get a lot of that crowd as well.  The restaurant is an old firehouse LITERALLY turned into a restaurant, and there is even a pole still in the building.  They have plenty of Burborn if that is your drink of choice.  Each time I go I get either a good glass of white wine or the 007.  I have no idea what is in the 007 but I had it for brunch one time and I have been hooked ever since.  My fav bartender is Dean (but let's be honest the whole staff is awesome) and when I visit Philly I ALWAYS make sure to drop in for a drink!
I attended a wedding at Jack's Firehouse on Saturday night and I honestly can't think of one thing that would have made it better. The staff at Jack's was on point - everyone I encountered was friendly, professional and helpful. 

The ceremony was held on the first floor behind the bar. It was a bit of a tight squeeze and a lot of folks were left standing but having everyone so close together made for an intimate vibe. After the ceremony, cocktails and hors d'oeuvres were served in the bar area and the outdoor space in front and to the side of the restaurant. I saw plenty of interesting looking cocktails making the rounds but a full bar was available as well. Having so many drinks prepared in advance was a great idea - everyone had a drink in hand within minutes after the ceremony and there really wasn't a wait at the bar for the rest of the night. 

The passed apps during the cocktail hour were plentiful (and also really tasty) and ran the gamut from bruschetta to steak tips with blue cheese fondue. Meanwhile, chairs from the ceremony were cleared and the area behind the bar became the dance floor. 

Upstairs, a buffet-style dinner was served, featuring everything from salads and pastas to fish and carved meats. There was a lot of seating upstairs which fortunately freed up the even better seating downstairs in the outdoor area. 

The party was still going strong at 11:30 when I hit the wall and had to turn in for the night, but what a blast. If you're looking to host a wedding at an alternative venue, I'd strongly suggest checking out Jack's.
The only thing I enjoyed about Jack's FIrehouse was the location.  It's located in - gasp! - an old firehouse.  The view is cool, too, because you're across the street from Eastern State Penitentiary.  Everything else about Jack's was just a mess.

Service was super slow.  There wasn't really anyone in the restaurant so there wasn't really an explanation for the slow service.  Everything on the menu was quite pricey especially considering how terrible our food was (we obviously didn't know that until we ordered).  

We started with soup - I had the black eyed pea and ham and my mom had some kind of vegetable soup.  My soup was just off... I'm not sure if there wasn't enough seasoning or there was too much ham, but it definitely didn't taste that good.  My mom's soup had way, way too much tomato in it.  It sort of tasted like pasta sauce, which is not good.

I ordered the Pulled Pork and Corn Chips for my entree and it was disgusting.  Literally.  I ate two bites and couldn't have any more.  The chips were insanely greasy.  I couldn't even really stomach them because the grease was too harsh.  The pulled pork was like a pile of wet vinegar in the middle of the pile of chips.  It was so gross that I couldn't eat it.  I just let it sit on the table until the waiter took it away.  My mom had crab cakes that she thought were OK - again, too much grease.  She was really turned off by how oily they were.

Blech.  For a whole lot of food that tasted awful, we were stuck with a $40 bill for two people at lunch.  I wouldn't come here again.
I love going to Jack's and having a meal at the bar. The staff are always great and it's a lively environment.

The pulled pork should be illegal it's so tasty. The pulled pork on chips is out of this world. 

It's a cool space with a dark interior and rugged charm. Always busy every time I'm in there. I never order off of the regular menu. I've glanced at it but always opt for the bar menu.
I've been here a couple of times for dinner, including their special price-fix meal they do around Halloween in conjunction with Eastern State Penitentiary. Each time I've been really happy with the food I've ordered, but the service has been spotty (I'm guessing this is because it's usually PACKED on a Saturday night). They also seem to run out of items on the menu early on, which is a bummer.

However, their pulled pork is great and the ribs are amazing. The portions are a bit overwhelming, but that just means you get leftovers for lunch the next day! 

The bar downstairs is not conducive to hanging out (it's smack dab in the middle of the busy restaurant and gets LOUD) but they have a great selection of beer. During warmer weather they put tables out on the sidewalk so you can take in the neighborhood and get some fresh air while you imbibe.
I'm appalled by the manager on shift tonight and the way he handled our table.  My friend ordered a medium well burger that was completely raw on the inside.  The waitress said it was going to he taken off the order and offered him another one but everyone else was almost done eating  so he asked if it could be to go.  They charged him for the to go burger which was not what he thought the waitress had meant but the manager handled it with such a rude attitude that they ended up giving him back the to go burger to take it off the bill.  It's not "making it right" to serve someone a completely raw burger, then offer them one to go to make the whole party sit for another 30 minutes (and how did it take over 30 minutes to cook a to go burger that was STILL red in the center??) and then charge them for a to go burger when everyone else had already finished?  I'm not sure the dining experience could have been anymore ruined.

Whats worse is that the party next to us also had a raw burger and when that table got a new burger it was still undercooked so the girl didnt even eat it.  She literally cut it in half and left the entire thing on the plate but didn't say anything because of how the manager spoke to us.

I'm embarrassed that I brought my friends here as this is NOT the dining experience one expects in a nice bar in this city.  We will definitely never make the mistake of coming back to this bar.  Ever.
Let me start by saying I've brought family here from out of town several times and have had great service in the past. But the service and food at lunch yesterday with family was disappointing and a tad embarrassing. At my suggestion my sister in law ordered the same entree as me, a salad add salmon.  When the salad was brought to our table I mentioned to the server that the tiny two chunks of salmon had to be a mistake-where was the piece of salmon we were paying for? The server basically ignored me and walked away. Maybe she didn't hear me? The owner was standing next to our table and overhead the conversation and asked if there was a problem. He then defended the worlds tiniest pieces of salmon on both salads and said they were the appropriate size. I said I've ordered this several times at this restaurant and have always had at least 3-4 ounces of salmon-a piece of salmon. He suggested maybe the cuts had been too large before. It's just a shame that he insisted it was the appropriate size. I was tempted to make the one block walk back to my house to get a food scale and show him he was wrong. When it comes to customer service this is not how it's done. If this would have been a random server then I could excuse the disregard for the customer.  The fact that the owner was defending the microscopic addition of protein to our salad as an appropriate serving size was just beyond ridiculous. When the owner walked away not offering to supplement or refund both microscopic pieces we were all speechless and embarrassed on his behalf. Again, it's just compared to any other addition of salmon to a salad that I've had at this restaurant or any restaurant in my life, this Salmon piece (that had obviously fallen of the actual piece of salmon that was intended to be on my salad) was miniscule. 

Please in the future remember your customers.
Great place to grab some drinks and a bite to eat on Fairmount Ave in Philadelphia. This place is super conveniently located if you are going to visit Eastern State Peninentary or the Philadelphia Museum of Art. This restaurant is in an old firehouse which was redone and turned into a great space with super high ceilings. The restaurant has no happy hour specials, but the drinks are very reasonably priced. The menu is American food- the BAR menu is WHERE IT'S AT- lots of great sandwiches and appetizers ranging from about $9-$15. I ordered the Pecan Coated Catfish w/Garlic Aioli. To give my honest opinion, the sandwich was a little dry and bland. I felt it needed more moisture, maybe there just wasn't enough garlic aioli, and I felt that the fish needed more seasoning. Even with that said- I would definitely return and would just try something different off the menu. It was super busy when we were there, yet the service was still fast and efficient. I will DEFINITELY RETURN!!!!
This review is based solely on drinks and previous experiences! I don't want to come off as snotty or high maintenance. I've bartended in and around this area for almost 15 years. I've seen a lot of stuff the public doesn't want or need to know about.

The food might be great but the place is really dirty! All the time! I mean the public areas. I can't even imagine what the kitchen or walk ins or any other areas look like behind the scenes!!

Mel has friends visiting Philly this weekend. Agenda......dump them at Eastern State Penitentiary and enjoy the beautiful day with a couple of cold ones!

I suggest Jack's and Mel starts on this rant about having a Bloody Mary there one time and finding bar gook {napkin and garbage) at the bottom of her glass. She goes on to tell me that when she showed the bartender he shrugged his shoulders, said "sorry", and went on with his day. Apparently they didn't even comp the dirty drink. She was really going on and on about how the place was nasty.

Mel, like me, has worked in the restaurant industry, and has a realistic view on what is acceptable in the dining room and bar.

I told her that while disgusting, it's pretty certain that this was a one time thing. I'd always heard the food was good and asked her to try one more time. She reluctantly agreed.

Mel, I love you and never should have doubted you. The place was really nasty. The food must be great because no one would really go into this place during daylight hours after seeing what we saw.

Lets get to it.....
-The beer bottles had mold on the labels. Not a spot. I mean almost completely brown/green from mold.
-The bar top had not been cleaned in hours. There were only three of us at the bar. There were two bartenders working. No one even cleaned the section at which we sat down.
-Mel had a Newcastle bottle {moldy} that was completely skunked. The bartender reluctantly poured her another bottle {into a glass, as this bottle had mold on it as well).
-There was an open, uncapped champagne bottle sitting out warm on the bar rack. 
-i watched a bartender use a bar rag on a wine glass before pouring. Nasty!
-The bar menu had old ketchup on it.
-You name it and it was unclean, and appeared to have remained uncleaned for quite some time.

Needless to say. We got up pretty quickly, paid our tab, and left knowing we are never going back, and neither should you!

I could go on with many other examples but you get the idea. 

On a separate note. i recently wrote a review on a visit to the Down Home Diner. That review was largely about the place not being clean and a mouse running around. Well guess what????? Jack's and Down Home diner are owned by the same guy!

Dear Jack,

Please have your staff clean your restaurants and then keep them clean. You have a great reputation as a chef, but your places are filthy!
This started out ok, then wen't south REAL quickly. I wen't here yesterday with my family for Father's Day. The place is pretty nice. There's a patio with a breeze and a large U-shaped bar. There's a lot of old wood in this former firehouse, and there's a cool HUGE crew boat hanging overhead.

We showed up at the end of brunch and got seated immediately. Shrimp cocktail, black-eyed pea soup, french toast, catfish, and pull pork sandwiches were among the items ordered. Everything was decent until the mouse showed up.

My mother is deathly afraid of mice, so she bolted immediately. The fact that there were over 50 people in the room didn't seem to bother this thing. We told a manager, got the check and left meal unfinished. I'm amazed the whole thing wasn't free. To be fair, this place has a lot of open doors at curb level. It's across from Eastern State Pen. I could see how a mouse may show up. But, a cursory internet search shows this has been a problem here before, so I gotta go 1 star. Can't go back.
So we were TRYING to go to Urban Cafe - but it was closed for a private party.  Firehouse looked like an awesome time when we walked past - and they had those propane porch heaters on a perfect night - so five of us sat outside.  The atmosphere was awesome and the torches were warm and the waiter seemed cool.  My first bite of pumpkin soup was great.  It looked like it was going to be a good night.

So how did I get from that part of the review to rating this place two stars?  

Easy.  I stayed a while.

First - they brought out a basket of amazing looking bread that I just wasn't a fan of.  My tip should have been the waiter telling me most of the breadbaskets go back to the kitchen full.  

Second - the drink menu was a bit shallow on beer.  There were a whole lot of choices if you love IPAs (8 different craft IPAs... would a lager or wheat have killed someone?).  Oh... and the menu had fancy descriptions for the trash beers - Miller Light - so popular we can hardly keep it stocked!  Coors Light - A Summertime favorite!  When I saw that I should have just waked out.

Third - our waiter was cool... but it was like having an awesome catcher on a baseball team with no pitcher.  My beer and water were empty most of the night, two of the entrees were dropped on the way out, resulting in a 30 minute wait for me and 45 minutes for my buddy.  When the steaks came out I realized they hadn't given me a steak knife - I waited ten minutes to see ANY waiter before going inside to the bar to complain.  Honestly - this was one of the amazingly few times in my life I actually considered reducing how much I normally give on a tip.

Forth - the food just wasn't great.  Everything was over salted.  My "New York Strip" steak seemed to be the kind of cut they normally serve in third world prisons... and beyond that was almost completely flavorless except that they covered it in extremely salty gravy.  Oh, and it was served cold after I waited a half hour for them to "warm it back up."  The ribs were far too chewy (assuming you like fall off the bones ribs) and came with no extra sauce. The calamari was rubber and came with more deep fried jalapeno slices than squid - and was coated in salt. Worst of all - the mashed potatoes were awful and the side veggies overcooked.  

Fifth - they charged too much. A quick look at my other reviews will show that I don't mind spending a lot on dinner - but I expect that if I spend $30 on a steak, I'll get a $30 steak experience.  If this place had cost me $12 a plate, this review might have been entirely different. As it is I am left sort of bitter about the mugging.

Sixth - Remember the nice torches? They ran out of propane - BOTH OF THEM - about an hour into dinner.  The waiter's answer on a 60-degree night was to simply turn them off.  So we all spent the last hour waiting for a check and shivering on the porch.  Wrap that up with the lack of atmosphere music outside - and the night ended on a pretty miserable note.

Long story short - there are some great restaurants up that way - and I want to start trying them all out... but Jack's I don't know if I'd even return for a happy hour.
I had come to Jack's once years ago for drinks and had a pretty good time, so when some friends and I needed a place to eat before Terror Behind the Walls, I figured this would be great for us since it is right across the street from Eastern State Penitentiary.

We got there and a hostess asked us if we would rather have the dining room menu or the bar menu. Entrees on the dining room menu were $30 a piece! That seemed insanely high. Yes, I've paid that much for entrees before and will again, but frankly, I have no reason to think that Jack's is in that echelon of restaurants that should be charging that, nor were we looking that night to run up that high of a bill. So we decided we'd like to order from the bar menu, which looked tasty and had entrees in the $15 range.

That's where it all went downhill. There are tables in the front bar area, and we assumed that we'd be able to sit there and eat our meal, since it was not in the dining room. The problem was that the actual bar itself was absolutely packed with no room whatsoever for three diners. Should I mention no one at the bar was eating?

So here's the scenario. A restaurant on a night that it is absolutely pouring down rain outside. Fully two-thirds of the tables in the restaurant are empty. You have a bar menu, but your bar is currently packed to the gills with non-eaters. Three people want to eat.

The hostess, to her credit, saw the situation for what it was and did the reasonable thing of going to consult with someone (maybe Jack himself?) to find out whether we could sit at one of the many empty tables in the bar area. When she came back, she had to report that the answer was no, we could not.

So then we left and took our business elsewhere.

I would not return. There are just too many reasonably-priced, tasty restaurants in the area, where I don't have to deal with all that preciousness. For us personally, it wasn't that big of a deal--we went to another nearby restaurant, had a delicious meal, and had a great night.

What I find absurd is a) hiring a hostess and then tying her hands behind her back when she's trying to do her job, and b) harming your own waitstaff by sending away paying customers and the tip they would have left, on a night when the restaurant is 2/3 empty.

I understand the concept of a bar menu but for crying out loud, be flexible and reasonable, too.
Had a good experience on a Sunday afternoon.  It wasn't very crowded but we chose to sit at the bar and enjoy a beer while we ordered food.  We had the shrimp appetizer which had a great smokey flavor.  The shrimp were large but there were only four.  We ordered two grilled vegetable salads, one with chicken and one with shrimp.  The salads were good, the goat cheese was rich and creamy but the chicken was a little too smokey and dry.  The veggies on the salad were plentiful but a little underdone. 
 I guess the food review is consistent with everyone else but I am giving it four stars because of the staff, service, the relaxed atmosphere and the large open atmosphere of the place.  Our bartender, JJ, was very nice, fast, and let my girlfriend sample a beer before she tried it.  This will win me over every time.
The GF's family was in town for Thanksgiving and a few days after the big meal, we decided to venture onto Fairmount Avenue to check out Jack's Firehouse. Set in a 19th century firehouse, it's an expansive and unique space, replete with a rowboat above the bar and wood throughout. Not what I expected at all. We were there on a weekend night and it was pretty bumping around the bar, without being distracting to the diners.

Bread Service

The meal started off with bread service, comprised of buttery biscuits and house-made corn muffins. This was accompanied by a pat of butter and macerated cherries - a really nice spread.

Southern Style Pulled Pork on Corn Chips [$7.95]

We went with the southern style pulled pork on corn chips as an app to share. I figured it would be Fritos a la Texas, but these were house-made corn chips with a nice spice mix. The pulled pork was sweet and tender.  

North Carolina Style Crab Cakes [$22.95]
Southern chow-chow, roasted garlic aioli

I decided to go with the crab cakes, which were substantial, had good flavor, and did not have too much breading. The pickled veggie chow-chow was a nice counterbalance to the rich crab cakes and roasted garlic aioli.  

Roasted Chicken Breast [$19.95]
Bacon mac & cheese, wild mushroom sauce 

The GF's chicken breast was juicy and moist, with the mushroom sauce adding some depth. The mac n cheese was nice and sharp, with bits of bacon interspersed throughout the creamy mac.

The kitchen also sent out two huge platters each of mashed potatoes and some of the best collard greens I have ever had. Smoky and vinegary, I almost ate both platters of collard greens all by myself. 

Jack's Firehouse also sent out deliciously homemade chocolate walnut cookies. Crumbly and soft, these were a nice end to our meal.

So if you're ever in the Fairmount area by Eastern State, do stop by. Chef Jack McDavid's cooking is committed to using local ingredients and the cooking is down-home and hearty. I was frankly surprised at the A-OK 3-star rating on Yelp. It should definitely be 4 stars, though I do think the pricing may be a bit steep. Regardless, I know I'll be back - especially if I can convince the GF to return to ESP during Halloween!
Service was good, but food was very medicore. Got the chicken with bacon mac and cheese & mushroom sauce. There were two small pieces of bacon in the mac and cheese, and the entire meal was just overall very bland. Also, the napkin was so linty that I had to use a lintbrush to clean off my clothes later. 

There are a lot of other good restaurants in the Fairmount Area. I'd recommend skipping this one.
I am really late on this review but it was fresh on my head from this summer so i had to tell.  I went here on a nice summer afternoon with my brother and his wife.  The atmosphere was nice.  Got seated then sat and waited forever for my order.  Place was not packed.   Waited some more than watched as groups came in after us and got their order taken first by the same waiter.  This terrible service of waiting and waiting went on and off throughout the night.  As we watched people sit down, eat, and leave before us...

I am giving this place 1 star because the service sucked and my meal has fake mashed potatoes.  Very starchy.  Only good thing was the calamari appetizer with spicy dipping sauce.  Definitely not going to his place ever again.
Who doesn't like a restaurant built in an old firehouse? It brings character to the place. Loved the atmosphere and they had outdoor seating which was nice. 

Our waiter was quite attentive and friendly. I highly recommend the Pear Salad with feta cheese, pulled pork with spicy corn chips, a rack of ribs, and the beef brisket. My girlfriend and I enjoyed everything about our meal. 

The pulled pork is to die for!!! Not too salty, just right! (Not sure what other reviewers are talking about) Food was great. 

This is the perfect place to eat before or after visiting Eastern State Penitentiary which is right across the street.
Love the atmosphere and they have decent drink prices, this is the reason for the four stars. The food is average bar food, although the descriptions make your mouth water. You can't beat having a beverage, enjoying the open old fire doors, looking out over the Eastern State Penitentiary. The huge row boat in the bar is what originally caught my eye. The people have always when been friendly enough and we never leave disappointed!
Disgusting. this place couldnt even get the bread right. Im sure I could have thrown the bread at the wall and it would have left a dent on the wooden walls.

i walked in expecting the place to be great because it has a great ambiance, decor and location...boy was I wrong and disappointed.

The tomato bisque soup...was a broth. It was not creamy whatsoever. It just tasted like crab soup and not in a good way. The rib eye was dry and unflavorful. I could only eat it with ketchup and I never do that! I dont know why i didnt just give up on eating it. The side veggies came WAY after the main courses had come and had no taste. Ive had better food at a buffet. The desert was as uneventful as the rest of the meal and I couldnt even eat it.

the only good thing here was the crab cakes.
Do not walk into this place without expecting to pay, pay, pay out the ASS for nothing special.  EXPENSIVE!!!  You have been warned.
The quality varies (I've had an awesome brunches and mediocre dinners there), but the prices are always very high.
An old converted firehouse right across the street from Eastern State Penitentiary.
Even with the front open to the street and on one of the hottest days (Thursday June 27) it was nice and cool towards the back. Philly Cheesesteak was excellent. Our waiter was great. The setting inside the firehouse with white tablecloths is perfect. If you take the tour of Eastern State Penitentiary, do yourself a favor and have lunch or dinner here!
My experience with Jack's Firehouse started when I spoke with the owner to make reservations for a large party. Because of a recent bad experience with Bourbon Blue, I had some questions.  His answers were direct and friendly.  That alone made me excited about going.

Then I arrive 1 minute late.  Literally.  Three members of my party were already there.  I went to the hostess to let her know that I was there and that there were three with me.  I gave my first name to the hostess and *she* said my last name without looking up my reservation.  She was already expecting our arrival.  She was so pleasant and adorable, not to mention professional!  Then she sat us right away.

Our server was Stuart / Stewart.  He was the absolute best!  Despite the fact that members of our party were late and straggled in and that two didn't show, Stuart remained pleasant and professional (unlike, say, our server at Bourbon Blue who displayed their displeasure with our party because members were late and because people didn't show).  Stuart was also incredibly attentive.

Now, on to the most fabulous part: The food! O. M. G....

We started with appetizers: ribs, calamari and pulled pork nachos.  I tasted all three.
-- The calamari was par, but the sauce that came with the calamari was to DIE for!  As a calamari purist, I don't usually do sauce, but not tonight!
-- The ribs smelled DIVINE (unlike, say, Bourbon Blue's shrimp that smelled like garbage).  Jack's ribs tasted even better than they smelled.  One of the folks in our party made "pleasure sounds" the entire time he was eating them.  
--  The pulled pork nachos were INCREDIBLE!!!  My very generous friend gave me a lot of his.  One must try the pulled pork.

Unfortunately, i was stuffed, after eating all the appetizers, and was ready to go to sleep. And then came my potato crusted salmon stuffed with crab.  Three or four of us ordered that one.  I could only take one bite during dinner.  But everyone else who ordered it DEVOURED it!  I ate mine the next day and it was SO incredibly good! 

I had to leave the party early, but the rest of the party stayed another 90 minutes, ordering drinks and dessert and coffee.  That's because Stuart made us feel welcomed and actually asked us if we wanted dessert (unlike, say, our server at Bourbon Blue, who didn't ask us if we wanted dessert or anything else).

So, Jack's earned every bit of four stars from me.  I'd go back time and time and time again.

You should go.
Nice patio outdoor seating. But that's pretty much the best part. The place is, well, an old fire station, as the name implies, so it's a cool set up. We sat outside on the brick patio with tables, chairs, umbrellas, and string lights. Very cute. But again, that was it. The chicken salad I had was tasty until I bit into something hard, like cartilage or whatnot... Creepy and gag inducing. The homemade roll they served it on was hard and stale. Maybe it was baked earlier in the day but it sure didn't feel like it. My drink wasn't that bad, I think it was called the extinguisher, made with watermelon liquor and some other stuff that elude me right now, with lots of ice. It was refreshing, but I think it was a little skimpy on the alcohol.

Overall cute atmosphere, but subpar food.
This place is great. We usually go for brunch on the weekends. They have a special menu which somehow slightly changes every time I've been there. It is nice when the weather's good because you can either sit outside, or the inside kind of feels outdoors since the front is completely open.

The food is pretty good. Their menu has some cool variations and the price is right. A good atmosphere to just relax and enjoy your meal!
My friend and I decided to check out Jack's Firehouse as a Friday night treat after a terrifying experience at the Eastern State Penitentiary. The server greeted us with a warm smile and seated us right away. Looking through all the tasty choices, we might have taken a while to order but our waiter patiently attended to us. We decided to split an appetizer, the clam chowder soup, and an entree, Jack's BBQ ribs since we weren't that hungry.

We were served complimentary bread as we waited for our order. The clam chowder was rich, creamy, and flavorful - absolute heaven for $7.95. My eyes widened when our server brought us two full plates of Jack's Ribs - I was pretty sure we only ordered one. Before I could complain, our server told us that he split the dish into two plates to make it easier for us. The dish was massive - amazing value! The ribs were a bit tough and too salty for my taste, but the great BBQ flavor (along with the sweet potato fries and fresh salad) redeemed the dish. To top everything off, our waiter also served us small delicious complimentary chocolate chip cookies.

It was a very satisfying treat overall. If I lived nearer, I would definitely come more often for the great-value entrees and the *clam chowder soup*.
so disappointed as a resident of fairmount. two bad restaurants on the same street, and i dont know which is worse, jacks or urban saloon.  at least jack's has a good pulled pork sandwich but its not served on a traditional roll!  thats THE ONLY good thing about jacks.. is the pulled pork... lets move on from there...

the service was some of the worst i have ever seen... the plates were DIRTY... I.E. your first clue... you dont want to know whats going on back in the kitchen.  the plates, table cloth, silverware... all dirty... 

went for "brunch" i suppose... they give you these lousy biscuits and muffins.. oh my god, one bite and we all spit them out.. sent them back.. didn't even want them on our table.. dish of watery "marmalade" ... wow.. this was beyond BAD...

a friend got the omelette which was DROWNING in grease, couldn't even eat it.

and the whole time all we wanted was some tea, and we couldnt even get it until we were almost done and ready to leave... the service was INCREDIBLY bad... 

NEVER go here. save your time and money.

it's awful, there's no where good to eat in fairmount :(
if someone can prove me wrong, please do. 
but in the mean time, someone needs to save fairmount from bad food.
The location is great, the place has a look that few can compete with, but I've gotta say, the service is about as poor as I've had anywhere in Philadelphia. I can't begin to explain how many frustrating experiences I've had at jacks, waiting forever to be served a relatively overpriced lager when there's 2-3 other great spots in Fairmount. Food is okay, and if it's a slow night things get better, but safe to say not a favorite place of mine
When I used to live in Philly, Jack's Firehouse one of our favorite place to go. 7 years later, after taking dear friends to a place we called home we ended having dinner at Jack's.

Jack's is located in FairMount Ave and 22th St. there is a lot of places to park in the street. 

Usually, after a long time of a business of being established we were delighted that Jack's has not lost their great cuisine. All its famous decorations are still in their same place. Has more tables outside (sidewalk), garden area, and inside. Each table has hand sanitizer for their patreons. The menus are now printed papers to be discarded, instead of their usual carte.

Our hostess was outstanding.  She moved recently from Texas,  was very friendly like any Philadelphian, and made sure that we were well taken care of.

Beer selection was amazing. Our friends and my wife had Jack's famous ribs, mac and cheese, collards, and mashed potatoes. I had Jacks's famous burger. I tried my wife plate with ribs, collards, and mac 'n cheese and it was amazing. I regret not ordering it as well. My burger was so good, but not as flavorful as the ribs.

Jack's Firehouse has not lost their magic touch in American cuisine in Philadelphia. If I were to give an award, I will creat one where I would give 3 Ben Franklin to it which will be equivalent to 3 Michelin stars.
When we sat down and the menus were barely hanging on at the hinge, it should've been a sign of what was to come.  The meal came with biscuits and cornbread, but they were so hard (probably because they've been sitting out for awhile) that it wasn't really edible.  

Our meals were equally as impressive as the biscuits.  Ordered a medium burger and got well done with a chunk of unmelted cheese.  The bun tasted stale too.  The fish sandwich is literally a piece of fried fish in between two white slices of bread.  

The only saving grace of the meal was the fries which were nice and crispy.  The dessert cookie is also good, but overall very disappointing.
This place is so disgusting!! I will never ever eat here again. Ever! Flies all over our food, we switch tables and it was even worse! I ordered an Apple Salad with grilled shrimp, the gave me three piece of shrimp!!! Overpriced and lame! The French fries looked as if they were cooked in old grease...they were so saturated I swore they were sweet potatoes fries! The cooks kept walking out of the kitchen sweating and I'll groomed as if they just finished cleaning the yard or some extreme sport! The place was dusty, old, and dated!! Horrible experience.  I was forced to give at lease one star
This place is SUCH  disappointment.

The venue is amazing.
The concept is great.
The location is great.
The bourbon selection is amazing.

The food is HORRIBLE.  I mean horrible.  Like ZERO effort to live up to its potential.

It is greasy, inconsistent, not at all tasty.  I have eaten there several times and have NEVER had anything that was above mediocre.

And if it were cheap, I would forigve the mediocrity.  But expensive food + mediocrity are simply unforgivable.

I live in the neighborhood and would love to have a place like Jack's (but with edible food) that I could go to all the time for drinks.

A little effort would go a long way here.  This is a neighborhood in need of some great restaurants.

But I guess they don't care ... the place is always packed.  As long as the money is coming in, that's good enough for Jack's.

Oh, and one final thing - the linen-dressed tables in the back of the dining room are a complete pretension for a burger/sandwhich/BBQ place.  It just looks.... bizarre.

Jack - let me know when you start to take some pride in your food - until then I'm staying away.
I had the pulled pork sandwich (recommended by our friendly waitress) and loved it. I also had the distingusher (homemade- apple cider and brandy) a little pricy but delicious. My boyfriend had the crab cake sandwich which he also enjoyed.

I also appreciated the bread/muffin sampling that came out before our meal (brunch) and the homemade cookies that came with the check. 

definitely a first choice when dining the area.
Until recently, every time I've gone here I've always had a perfectly pleasant time.    

I went with my British expat group for a brunch time munch.  I didn't really like the food and the service was a bit harsh.  For the amount of money I splashed out, I would have liked better food and nicer service

Oh well, I'll go back again--if i'm ever in the 'hood.
Disgusting! Do not waste your time coming here even if it is the last place on earth. This place should have closed down aground or before the time the Spaghetti Warehouse closed down. I couldn't finish my meal. Too many bugs and flies flying around our food. Is just too dirty in here for me. I can't
I want to like this place, but Jack's Firehouse was a disappointment to me.

Let me start off with describing the location. Obviously it's a 19th century firehouse that's been restored. It has a great look. The large front doors open and ventilate the entire restaurant during the spring & summer. This is where the tables start. If you want to eat outdoors, they have tables out front on the sidewalk and on the side of the building in a little shaded courtyard. Just inside the double doors are a few more tables and then a large 360 degree bar is located in the center of the room with an old row boat hanging above. It looks pretty cool, especially all the dark wood work. Behind the bar is another dining area and they also have a private room for party's. The place looks great. Unfortunately it stops there. 

We had just spent 2 hours across the street touring the Eastern State Penitentiary and we were starving. Upon arriving were seated immediately and opted to sit out front since it was so nice out. The inside was empty and the outdoor tables were about half full. They also seemed well staffed. You would think we would have had fast impeccable service. We didn't. In fact I'm pretty sure our waitress forgot about us several times. 

Our waitress brought us a plate with two buttermilk rolls and corn bread cake. This also came with a severing of a raspberry preserve and some sweet butter. This was decent.

Once our orders finally arrived about 30 minutes later I found mine was not prepared as I requested. I asked for a medium well burger with Cheddar and received well done with White American Cheese. Can you say say dry? My companion's was also well done. However we didn't send it back. They were so slow we figured the burgers wouldn't return until the sun went down. We had to ask for mustard and ketchup and that took the waitress almost another 10 minutes. We also had to ask for refills on a drinks as well. Last but not least the fries. They were the 'fresh cut' variety however it seems we had the bottom of the fry basket. All of the fries were terribly small and appeared to have been cooked several times.

I've had worse in other places, but I definitely expect better when I come to a place like this. Especially when there's no dinner rush or anything going on that would cause delay's or mistakes. 

Once the meal was over we waited for what seemed like forever for the check and the place still wasn't even a quarter full. Next time I'm in town, I'll try someplace else.
Since Terror Behind The Walls was going on across the street finding a spot to eat on this stretch of road was a challenge. My group consisted of 4 people and we basically just went to whoever could seat us first ..and this was the place, no expectations.
They sat us outside under the awning, fine! it was cold but it was something and at least they have patio heaters, well, it's all downhill from here.
The heaters didn't work,..why is that you ask? to quote 'they don't have gasoline in them yet' yeah why would they? it's only October and approaching 50 degree nights. Makes sense.

On to the menu, not many options, nothing bar oriented (guess this is a evening thing, I see pics of sandwiches in other reviews) and everything seemed overpriced but I figured it would be worth it.
Then came the rain, we are under cover, no big deal but the rain started leaking through the cracks in the awning and everyone was getting soaked..now we were colder than before but at least we had those outdoor heaters, oh wait did I mention the heaters were not working? good times!
By the time the food came out, many lifetimes later, we were cold, wet, annoyed and just wanting to leave.
The final joke of the Jack's outing came with the portion sizes on our $20 and $25 meals, surely this was some reality TV show prank. Fine you win, where's the camera?
The food was average for what we paid for it and by this time they were closing, at some point my friends already minuscule plate of sides went missing when a waiter came and swiped it in effort to get the close out in progress. I can only assume as we were the only ones left on the damp and wet patio.
We left, we laughed, we cried, but we'll always have this awful night at Jack's. 

Hay,  thanks for memories.
My group of four came here despite the 3 stars on Yelp, and by the time we got our food we were shocked that it wasn't 5 stars! All of us loved the food, from the free bread and cherry preserves at the beginning to the surprising, yummy free cookies at the end. They make their own bread, and it was SO delicious! I had the catfish sandwich, which was perfectly balanced--just the right amount of fish and basil sauce between delightfully chewy, thick slices of bread. I am not usually a fan of french fries, but these were nicely seasoned and I enjoyed them. There was a bottle of water left on the table, which is always nice. One of us got an entree rather than a sandwich (the mac and cheese), and her serving seemed a bit small for the price, but the sandwiches were definitely worth their prices. The atmosphere of the place is cool--it is a repurposed firehouse with the big front doors open. I really like this place! I wish I lived close enough to come back!
Beautiful place, fabulous food. 

The first thing I noticed when I walked in was a huge scull hanging from the ceiling. The wood cabin feel provides a very comfortable atmosphere to eat. 

I had the pulled pork on corn chips as an appetizer. The pulled pork was brimming with flavor and the corn chips were the thick and buttery kind. I had the crabcakes as my main course. They were oven baked, which is definitely the way I like my crabcakes cooked, and they were seeping in a spicy chipotle sauce with corn. Not your typical crabcakes, but unique in a good way.

My boyfriend had the ribs, which are obviously the chef's specialty. They were unbelievable.
Awful food. Inexperienced service. Went there for a group party.  This is a place that makes an attempt at seasonal and modern fare, but fails miserably.  The pumpkin risotto was dry and excessively spiced.  The apple dessert tasted literally like fuel...as if they poured lighter fluid on it - completely Inedible.  The waiters didn't notice or care to see that no one was eating the food.  The  price tag was $65 which included entry to Terror Behind the Walls (a haunted house tour across the street), so essentially you're paying over $50 for this crappy food. Would NEVER go back to this place to eat.  If I was forced to, I might go for a  drink if the weather was nice, as they do have curbside and semi-outdoor seating.
We went here for brunch on a Sunday before going to the Zoo. For tourists, this is a great place because it is on the Phlash line (stop #8) and is right across from Eastern State Penitentiary. There is plenty of seating, so I'm not afraid to let you in on this fact. :)

I am a vegetarian, and here's what I got: 
1. Cornbread-like Rolls w/cherries (this is given to everyone!)
2. Lancaster Brewing Celtic Rose (amazing!)
3. Portabella Sandwich with Provolone & pesto - I got this with spicy fries w/"lava" dipping sauce
***This isn't on their online brunch menu, but it is their veggie option for Saturday & Sunday brunch. 
4. Surprise cookie at the end!

We had a great time and adored our food and staff. We will definitely go back.
Food was ok. Not accommodating at all in terms of menu adjustments. Egg white omelet...nope. Side of anything...nope. ketchup...nope.

Just bad service in general.

We were contemplating leaving for the nearest diner.
Starving after a couple of hours wandering around across the street at the penitentiary (as museum goers, not inmates). It was a perfect, gorgeous day, so we chose this place for its lovely outdoor sidewalk seating.

I started with the honeysuckle sangria (~ $10)I'm a fan of any citrus based alcohol, so I liked the blood orange vodka component. Nicely cold and tasty, especially liked the chunked up apples.

The BLT caesar salad ($14) came with discernible big pieces of bacon, cherry tomatoes and of course, romaine lettuce. The salmon I added was grilled perfectly - wish it had been a bigger size.

The nice surprises were the little cornbread samplers that were complimentary and included a kind of sweet jam and a flavored butter. Yes, please, I'll have 5 more of those jalapeno ones!

And after we finished our meal, one more surprise - tiny little chewy chocolate chip cookies!  WHUT. So so good.
This might be the worst restaurant in a 12 block radius.  The food is either bland or way too salty.  The portions are a complete mess - i received a ice cream scoops worth of pulled pork on my sandwich.  Thanks guys - i really feel like my $18 sandwich is worth it now.  

The sadest part is.....the building is a beautiful - i real landmark.  Too bad a tacky tourist trap is located within.  Save your money and buy a soft pretzel
Let me first start by saying that I rarely feel compelled to write a negative review and even more rarely do I write one immediately upon leaving the restaurant.
Jack's is terrible.  The waitstaff are uninterested and unfriendly and most importantly, absent. We waited too long for our order to be taken and WAY too long to have it delivered to the table. This could have been forgiven had the food been delicious, but it was the polar opposite of delicious.  The buns for the cheeseburgers were STALE.  The cheeseburgers themselves were like meatballs and over cooked.  Both the crabcake sandwich and pulled pork were cooked fine, but very bland.  And to top it all off, the food is priced too high for the quality.
I have been wanting to try Jack's for a long time.  Now I have and will never return.  There are so many better places in Fairmount.  Go there.  Go anywhere but here.
I passed by jack's randomly because we were waiting for our 10:00pm show at the East State Penitentiary halloween tour.  This place was right across the street.  There was another lounge/bar about next door but it was too packed so whoever that didn't want to go in a stuffy place, migrated to jack's.  The bar was pretty full, no seats were available.  The atmosphere was different, just like a smokehouse made of wood.  Since it was halloween night,  there was this couple who came in, dressed up from head to toe, as the joker and the joker's nurse.  it was pretty freaky since they were literally decked out in makeup and outfits.  The wife was sitting at the bar most of the time where the husband walked around with his fake knife, asking people at the bar and at the tables if they have seen harvey or not!

Bartender was the only one working the bar full of people. I was impressed that he was very efficient and quick with drinks/orders/bills.  if only all bar service was like jack's, it would make our lives all much easier and satisfying when we go out.
There were many great aspects about Jack's Firehouse. 

I was instantly intrigued when I walked by it. The old firehouse has a lot of character, and the huge doors were completely open, so it was a very welcoming environment.

There was only one vegetarian entrée (the Portobello sandwich), but it was great. The sandwich itself was a fair size, but quite small compared to the other sandwich portions I saw. It was also served with fries and a tiny bed of greens, so overall it was very filling. The soup of the day was a wild mushroom that was also tasty. With the check they served complimentary chocolate chip pecan cookies. They were still warm from the oven--delicious!

The atmosphere was nice, and they have friendly staff. The inside of the restaurant was VERY dark, so I was glad to get a seat by the big open door space. That spot also had a great view of the Eastern State Penitentiary.

Tip:  They do not accept Discover cards.
Ever been to the Sahara Desert or needed desperately a drink of water ?? Well, come here then. I had the Southern Style Pull Pork Sandwich and it was disappointing. The meat did not taste too Barbeque-ie nor did the bread win me over. It was really dry. Thank goodness they gave us water because I had to take sips between bites or my mouth would have been dried out by the sandwich. My friend, who ordered the pecan covered catfish sandwich , had a similar situation and asked for extra ketchup. He was served with dirty or used cutlery and while we being shown our seats, which was in their outdoor seating area, the host just told us where it was without leading the way. 

It made it a little hard to find which was our table. Overall, I was not impressed nor do I plan to come here by my free will or Accord.
Our Group dined at this location in Philadelphia as part of our traditional Christmas group event.

I give kudos to Jack's for being able to accommodate a busload of people for dinner during the holidays. We were all seated together and we were all able to dine successfully without Any issues. This is a place that I definitely will return to eat.
I was here twice in my life. Once when I was really little and once last night. Both times were awesome.

When I was little I came with my family before going to the Halloween event at eastern state penitentiary. I remember the food was amazing. It was the first time I ever had chicken wings. I don't remember what else I ate but I remember it being really astonishingly good.

Last night I went back. We didn't have any food. It was all kind of expensive. We did have drinks though. I asked for a whiskey recommendation and was served a really delicious bourbon. I forget what it was called.

The service was really nice, calm, quick, and professional. The venue is luxurious. I could definitely get used to it there. Hard wood surfaces and a big giant canoe hanging from the ceiling. The crowd was a bit older than me, notably good looking people, mostly ladies. I'm not sure if that was typical but I thought it was cool. I'd definitely go back.
Jack's Firehouse solved the problem of where to go for lunch on a Monday in Philadelphia with nearby street parking, great food, great service, and outdoor ambiance (even a fountain). The fish & chips special was excellent. The southern style pulled pork & spicy taco chips appetizer was big enough to count as a lunch. We'll definitely be back, even on other days of the week!
No happy hour? Oh Jacks, I've heard such good things and unfortunately it all went downhill from there. Came to jacks firehouse  Monday night with a pretty large group (maybe 12-15 total) just to have some drinks and sit at the bar, maybe order a little food. The atmosphere of the place is very cool and cozy, loved the decor and the giant U-shaped bar with ample seating (though most of the arms of the chairs were falling off, so there's that). The outdoor space looks nice for summer months too! Only 2 other people in the bar so we had the place to ourselves for the most part.

Unfortunately no, there is no happy hour at jacks and though that wouldn't have normally bothered me an incredible amount, drinks are pretty darn expensive compared to local places around Fairmount. They also charged a much higher price for the standard beers and wine, which surprised me; they aren't bringing anything special or different to the table, just higher prices. But oh well, we stayed for a few drinks. A few of us tried the burger with spicy fries, both of which were cooked to death and dry as a bone. Off night? Every single persons fries came out that dark grayish-brown color from greasy over-cooking :( so my two beers and burger came to $31. YIKES! I'd much rather spend that money on food I could enjoy. The biscuits that came out before and cookies after were definitely the highlight of the meal. 

The only plus was that the bartender Josh was great, really nice and personable and tried to accommodate us as best he could. Appreciate it josh! The hot spiced apple cider sounded good too ($12), though I wasn't able to give it a try. Don't think I'll be back for another round though, there are too many awesome spots in philly!
Jack's is one of the few bars to visit while seeing the Fairmount neighborhood of Philadelphia. The menu is relatively limited and the drinks are reasonably priced. The mussels are definitely something to skip as they the size of my fingernails and not very tasty. 

I had a pretty terrible experience as Summer was approaching. I wanted to sit outside with my girlfriend and Jack's has a great area for outdoor seating right on Fairmount Ave. So, one night, we walked by, saw that the place was empty and decided, let's get a beer! We sit at the bar and speak with the bartender. He immediately asks if we are dining in this evening or just drinking. Our response is that we're just dropping by for a beer and enjoying the weather and hope to sit in the one of many open tables, as again, the bar is empty. The bartender states that the tables are reserved only for dining guests. I laugh in his face and make a gesture indicating, "Hello, your bar is empty and we want to give you business". His resolution? "Go ahead down the street to Urban Saloon, they'll let you sit outside. Bye". 

I will not be making a return visit to Jack's to say the least.
After a brief hiatus during COVID-19, Jack's is back open! With decent space between tables on their side patio (also furnished with heat lamps along the perimeter and a decorative waterfall in the rear), the vibe is equally pleasant and safe.

My girlfriend and I took advantage of a quiet Monday evening to dine out. We ordered a couple of appetizers, entrees, and several drinks. The portions are super generous (the menu says half rack of ribs but it's really 2/3 rack). We had to take most of it home. And in a nice touch to its patrons, Jacks continues to provide complimentary corn bread bites upon placing your order, and mini chocolate chip cookies after you pay the bill.

I also want to give a quick shout out to the spectacular service. It's hard times for the restaurant industry, but Jack's hasn't lost its sense of community and charm.
Having been to fairmount a few times and trying out different places, I was always curious about Jack's.  Seems so cool having a huge garage door opening with a bar inside.  Tables outside in the driveway...seemed fun.  And it's usually pretty packed so you figure it's gotta be good...

We got seats at an outside front table with a nice view of the prison!  Good place to people watch, those walking to the bars and those trying to  parallel park their tiny car in a huge space and failing miserably...

The seats were comfy since they were armchairs so that was a nice touch.  We were comfortable and settled in for dinner.  Thought it was a nice start.....sadly it was a bad end...
Food looked good but it definitely didn't taste good...Really disappointing visit.

My bf got the jack's tongue smackin' ribs (so not...he was nibbling the meat off since he was hungry but really...eh) and i got the spinach salad with anjou pears, feta and champagne vinaigrette (not bad but not memorable...quite tart).

i think we'd go back for drinks, but definitely not food.
"WEEEEEE-WOOOOOOOO.....WEEESEEEE-WOOOOOO"

That's the sound my brain made when I discovered and entered this place! Just like a fire engine! Indeed, Jack's is an old local firehouse and still maintains all the old school vibes! Atmosphere? 10!...Service? 10? Great music, fantastic and attentive bartenders, and it wasn't even crowded on a Friday night! What a neighborhood gem! Even the beer taps look like old fire hydrants! Great local spot for a beer! Although I didn't try the food, I would go back 10/10 times!
This is a cool spot in Fairmount, and for having been around for over 30 years - you know they are doing something right. 

Great place to recommend for folks looking for a place to eat in that area of the city. The building itself is cool, being in a converted firehouse - so they have the decorations and history to fill it out.

Their focus is southern/bbq - which can be refreshing in the city, because it is not a more popular sought out cuisine. 

Their portions are massive, so go prepared and order appropriately. The food itself, felt safe. Nothing over the top spectacular, but it was all just good. The menu felt a little limiting for vegetarians.

You can also sit outside, and they usually have a nice open air concept at the restaurant. Great place for drinks as well!
Ehhhh is right....I used to live in the neighborhood. The only thing going for this place is the fact that it is in an old firehouse and it has adequate outdoor dining when the weather is nice. I ate here a few times and was disappointed by the food every time. And anyone I ever dined with agreed. There are countless tastier and cheaper options in Philly for both brunch and dinner.
I was looking forward to trying this place...BUT
Really cool looking from the outside, transformed firehouse to restaurant, open air seating, and right across from the Eastern State Penitentiary. I thought this place would be young, casual, and delicious. I WAS WRONG. 
It was much fancier than I had anticipated (and wanted). And more expensive. 
And our seating out in the side yard didn't have same feel as seating in the main room. They had no background music playing to set an atmosphere. Not really a great place to bring kids (which I didn't know!) - the kids meals are over $8 each. 
I ordered the highly recommended (by server) crab sandwich - supposed to be what they are known for. I don't think the server ever tasted one before. Mine wasn't terrible, but definitely subpar. Could barely taste the crab in it, and the ratio of crab to bun was way off - it was like a small drop of crab on an oversized bready bun. It you're gonna visit, try something different.
I love this venue.  The Old Firehouse never looked better.  I loved the nice heavy wood, decorations and the old fire pole.  Unfortunately, The Cheesesteak was a huge disappointment.  It came on a house-made fresh roll that I thought was just not right for a cheesesteak.  It is a very good roll but it is very dense and every time I bit into my Cheesesteak everything squished out.  The other two people that were eating at the bar had cheeseburgers they look really good.  In the cheesesteak I know they use real meat because I got two big pieces of gristle.  It was cheesy.  The Cheesesteak does come with french fries but $18.75, holy mackerel, it needed it be bigger and have everything work together better.  Everyone does get two free house made biscuits and a house made cookie.
My boyfriend and I came to Fairmount and walked around and checked out a few menus. We made a joke that nothing was tugging at our hearts, well Jacks menu did! We walked in and there was no hostess so we did stand there for about 5 minutes before someone, a waiter, came up to us and asked us if we were being helped and he would come back to seat us he had his hand full so we were very appreciative that he stopped to check on us and then came back a min later and sat us. It was a nice night and we got a seat right by the open doors! i give that waiter 5 stars for stepping into the hostess job for a min!  Customer service 100%! next our waitress was great. We got four Different apps to split, they were all amazing! Lastly, our waitress offered dessert but we knew they give cookies at the end so I was excited to just have them, sadly they were still in the over, she still went back at got us two that were freshly made- I said idc if they are cooked all the way !  The cookies were amazing and topped off the amazing experience we had there. We will definitely go back! 
Thanks for a great Saturday night!
Really cool looking from the outside, transformed firehouse to restaurant, open air seating, and right across from the Eastern State Penitentiary. I thought this place would be young, casual, and delicious. Unfortunately I had a different experience.  Perhaps it was due to my server. 
It was much fancier than I had anticipated (and wanted). And more expensive. 
And our seating out in the side yard felt like we were forgotten and in overflow space, instead of a special unique setting. Not really a great place to bring kids (which I didn't know!) - the kids meals start at over $8 each. 
I ordered the highly recommended (by server) crab sandwich - supposed to be what they are known for. Sadly I could barely taste the crab in it, and the ratio of crab to bun was way off - it was like a small drop of crab on an oversized bready bun. It you're gonna visit, try something different.
Let me quote the Grammy awarded winner star Whitney Houston and say" crack is wack!' Now substitute crack with Jack and add " 's firehouse." The food gets a grade S standing for suckity sucks. Their ribs which are highly touted by the staff, are dry and comparable to BBQ at  TGIF. The dryness theme continues to their seafood entrees, as everything was so dry I doubt the piece of salmon even lived in water when it was alive. Their pulled pork was a oversalted glob of mush.  The highlights of each meal are the baked goods they offer you prior to your meal and the chocolate chips cookies offered after which were all very good.  I would recommend it for drinks, esp on nice days cause the place has a great layout and the front doors of the old firehouse open up to a decent bar.
Squad 51, 10-4.. KMG 365.. Growing up with the 1970s medical drama Emergency!, I was thrilled to have the opportunity to have brunch at Jack's Firehouse -- located on Fairmount Avenue just across the street from Eastern State Penitentiary.

While paramedics John Gage and Roy DeSoto of LA County Fire Department Station 51 aren't likely to make an appearance at Jack's any time soon, much of the firehouse's original fixtures and fittings (including its mahogany interior, wood plank floors, and brass fire pole) have been tastefully incorporated into the decor along with historic Philadelphia icons including an eight-man crew shell hung above the bar and the original crown from Pat's King of Steaks in South Philly.

I've had brunch at Jack's twice.. service has been terrific and the brunch menu has something delicious for everyone -- ranging from traditional breakfast foods like the Firehouse french toast with apple butter and bacon ($9), the Firehouse Frittata with potatoes, peppers, cheese, and onions ($11), and the Filet Mignon Benedict with Spicy Hollandaise over Biscuits ($16) to pub favorites like the Firehouse Big Cheeseburger ($11) and the BBQ Platter with beef brisket, pulled pork and baby back ribs ($17) -- all served with a North Carolina twist.

Reservations, which are recommended, are available through http://OpenTable.com.
We stopped here after hitting a few other spots because apparently they had awesome desserts. Our party of five was lucky to get a table on the sidewalk which provided great people watching and a fantastic view of the front of the Eastern State Penitentary. 

After we were seated and ordered our drinks, it took a really long time for the drinks to arrive. I ordered a margarita on the rocks that was incredibly disappointing and watered down. I barely drank it. Three of us ordered the triple chocolate cake, apple crisp, and bread pudding. All were disappointing, as well. For a group with serious sweet tooths, there shouldn't have been as much dessert left on the plates. 

One of the guys ordered the pulled pork sandwich and raved about it. We kept ordering different shots and our server was a good sport. He was very friendly. 

I loved the decor and despite the mediocre desserts and my drink, I enjoyed myself. The soft, chocolate chip cookies at the end was a winner, though. I would have ordered THAT off their dessert menu!
We stopped in for brunch. Really slow service even though it was not crowded. I ordered pancakes which were super dry and the turkey sauage tasted okay. The crabcake sandwich was fishy and sauce was okay... we also ordered the apple cider and mimosa. The order had a strong aftertaste but the mimosa was good.  I gave 2 stars for atmosphere and the free bread.
I went over lunch and was pretty disappointed.  The place was definitely half empty, and yet we still went 15 minutes at a time without being able to find our server.  I ordered the mushroom entree, which was ok.  It just seems to me that when you're so close to London Grill and Sabrinas, I'd choose differently if I had it to do over again.  The vibe was also pretty stuffy, the whole experience felt a little dated.
Jack's is awesome! 

Bar review - I stopped by for some brunchy drinks with a friend this past week and really enjoyed myself. When it's nice out, they open their garage door and there's a beautiful view of Eastern State Penn. I loved the openness when I visited!

Restaurant review - For a pre-holiday feast, my relatives and I visited for some late-night catch up over dinner. The food was elegantly dished and tasted phenomenal! The staff were professional and our waitress really knew how to bond with our table. The only awkward moment was when we all watched a little barn mouse run around our table while eating (not that this was a big deal for me, but still). 

All in all, I'm impressed and love the vibe of Jack's. I'll be back!
This place is really hit or miss.   Came here a few times a couple years ago and it was a hit.  I have friends say lately it has been miss. I visited on the late side ( 10ish)  in the middle of the week to find the bar dark and not very inviting.   Sat at the pretty empty bar for a bit before being noticed by the bartender...we had to ask another patron to get his attention.   I was suprised when the bartendar asked if i wanted another beer since he and another staff member were turning off all the lights and closing all the doors.  So for me, this night, a miss.
The attractive outdoor seating brought us to Jack's. I'll give it a star just for the seating, which really was quite enjoyable. I love Fairmount. 

But the food was truly horrible. The waitress suggested the BBQ Platter. The fries were cold and soggy, the ribs ridiculously overcooked and dry -- it was as if the meat on them had been charred off. The brisket was pure fat. I did like the pulled pork although my companions did not. It was a huge disappointment.

Our wait person seemed generally disinterested in us, though I really cannot complain because she let us take our time with ordering and then brought us a phenomenal biscuit/cornbread plate for free.  This free yummy plate warrants another star for Jack's but the buck stops there. Try Bishop's Collar or even Mugshots instead.
Great location and style.  But, over-priced. 

I asked for 4 shots of Patron tequila before heading into the Terror Behind the Walls. Cost? $52.80.  I should of bought the bottle itself and drank it in my car with my friends.
I went here with some friends earlier this week.  We were at Eastern State Penitentiary and it is conveniently across the street.  The service was okay - not overly attentive but good enough.  I tried the crab cake, which was by far not the best I've had but decent.  We were able to sit outside and enjoy the view, making the experience much more lovely.  Overall, this is a fun place to visit but not a place I'd seek out for another visit.
I NEVER write reviews on here, but several hours after my meal and I am still thinking about it all... In the worst way possible. My parents took me out tonight with the intention of trying some place I hadn't been to before, because to be honest there aren't many. From the outside it looked so promising! And then we walked in. I wasn't so sure what they were going for with the huge light sign and medieval window treatments but then I saw the large dusty bouquet of flowers and it all made sense!... The identity crisis aesthetic, super cute. The menu was less than enticing. I mean I didn't originally expect all that much but being in a place like Fairmount with so many inventive restaurants near by, I was expecting something a little more than what they offered. So I settled on the firehouse ribs and fries, because how can you screw that up? Well let me just say, the taste from the ribs is still lingering hours later and I am not so thrilled. It tasted like I ingested an entire bonfire. And a whole lot of salt. I physically felt my cholesterol rise. I understand tasting smoke and char is a good thing but when you fail to even taste the meat itself, it's a problem. I couldn't finish more than four before I gave up trying! I'm sure they might have a good brunch and maybe an adequate bar, but in all honesty, I don't understand how they even have as many stars as they do with so little to offer... Just glad my parents paid for this one! If it were me, I would have walked out the minute I stepped in.
Thought I was a fan from years ago, but now not so much. Ordered a few beers and some calamari on Saturday. Jack's beer selection is still good, and it's still a good place to sit outside on a summer day. However, the calamari were gross. All you could taste was the grease and the breading. When we asked the waitress for some cocktail sauce to improve the calamari (who should have been allowed to live if this was what they died for), Ms. I'm Putting Myself Through College [So Tip Me Well] said "That's ketchup and horse radishes, right?"
I think I'll stick with Silk City
Unless there's something Jack's is famous for, and I haven't discovered it yet... I probably won't be coming here again for the food.  I've been a couple times and the food was consistently... well... "Meh".  I love the building - the old firehouse renovated into a restaurant.  The place is very inviting with the big open doors in the front and the outdoor seating... it's difficult to not want to keep giving it another try, but I don't think I can do it again.  There are several better places to go for decent food within walking distance... however this will suit fine for a few drinks. Good place to sit outside and people watch, but other than that not really worth the overpriced, uninteresting menu options... kind of a shame, it's a great location.
I gave Jack's four stars based off of my very pleasant brunch experiences. 

They have the best brunch menu, with a wide array of breakfast and lunch choices. I've had everything from their cheesesteak omelette to their fish sandwhich, and everything is delicious. Their corn muffins and bread served before your meal is a nice touch too. 

They also make one of the best Bloody Mary's I've had. Yummm!
The last three visits have been just great! When friends visiting the neighborhood are looking for a place for full dinner that is an easy walk from Brewerytown, I'm at Jack's Firehouse!
The best part about Jack's is the HUGE bar that U-shapes through the entire place, and the nice big doors that open up on a nice day so you basically feel like you're drinking outside.   The bar is huge, and the openness of the bar area makes Jack's a great place for large groups.

However, the food and drink are just average.  We ordered about every appetizer on the menu.  It's all basically your typical bar food.  The ribs weren't very savory, the pulled pork nachos were literally just pork on nachos (no cheese or anything else on them!), the crabcake was alot of filler, and the mussels were just average.  The fries were pretty good, and the awesome bartender even hand-made us honey mustard.   

As for drinks, you won't get rare craft beers here.  They have a small handful of beers, most are your typical local offerings, or light beers.  If you want better beers, go down the block to Bishops Collar or Belgain Cafe.  However, Jack's did have a hot whiskey cider which was very good.  

Overall, this is a cool spot for large groups or social drinking.  No fancy thrills here, don't expect high quality food or beer.  Its just a cool place to hangout, with a big bar and huge doors that open up during nice weather.   Oh, and the service is always good!
This place is highly overrated.  The food is ok, but not the best that I've had and it is a bit overpriced.  Also, the service is super slow.  The atmosphere here is great, which is probably why so many people come here, but I would rather be somewhere that offers really good food with great value.
Horrible service. Waited at the bar on a dead Sunday afternoon for 20 minutes while the bartender ignored us and mingled with other patrons at the bar.
Okay, this is a weird one!! Went there, this evening and there was no outside seating? 2 tables empty outside and plenty of room on the side patio. So we were seated at the first table at the entrance. 10mins later no one had come to greet us
And ask of we wanted something to drink or even, think about it, eat? Got up and left. Horrible service this evening!!! Won't return. Went to a better place called Rembrandts right around the corner. Friendly, fast service, and food is good.
My husband and I joined my mother and father at Jack's Firehouse for brunch for Mothers' Day after seeing their Mother's Day brunch availability on opentable.com.  Having previously lived in Fairmount, Jack's was a fond memory of a neighborhood gem and my husband and I were excited to return.  My husband fell in love years ago over "the best Kobe steak he has ever had in his life".

Not having been there in several years, I was hopeful that it lived up to my memory.  Walking the wonderful neighborhood of Fairmount (and aching to move back), we rounded the corner of Fairmount Ave. to see Jack's doors open to let in the absolutely stunning weather.  My husband and I later both agreed, it seemed smaller for some reason, but still very charming.  The outdoor seating couldn't have made us a happier bunch and we were surrounded by lovely families also enjoying Mothers' Day.

Service by our young waitress left a bit to be desired, although I think the number of tables that she was waiting multiplied when the lovely weather allowed outside seating to be added so I will cut her a break.  A complete set of water glasses did not arrive until after asking twice and tea & coffee refills were hard to come by.  
The drinks were beautifully presented, although I think a bit weak.  
The food... ah the food.  I think this was the best brunch buffet I have ever had.  The woman at the salad station whipped up a delicious starter.  I then returned for some pastries (homemade and delicious!) and some of the hot selections.  Then... I went back yet again to the carving station where they were slicing up roast beef, turkey and lamb.  Under the carver's suggestion, I sampled the lamb and was VERY glad I did.  The best lamb I have ever had, rubbed with a delicious seasoning and cooked to tender perfection.  After all of this food, I was satisfied... but could not resist going in for one more plate (oink oink) to try the toffee crunch butter cake that my mother was raving about.  Heaven!

Jack's Firehouse you did not disappoint!
I've tried very hard to like Jack's Firehouse.  My last visit was my 4th visit there for lunch/dinner, and as always it was a disappointment.  The food is awful.  Their soups taste over cooked, their sandwiches are dry, and the side salads come undressed.  I had their breaded catfish sandwich today, and it was so incredibly dry I had to remove the fish from the crispy toasted bread.  The pecan pesto might as well not been present.  My previous visit I had the pulled pork as recommended by the waitress, and it was awful and dry as well.  So disappointing.  At least their coffee is tasty.

That said, the wait staff is very friendly, and the drinks are very good.  So go there if you want to grab a drink, but do not go there to eat.
Tried this place out for brunch(best meal of the day) and really enjoyed myself.  I got the blueberry pancakes and the other person I was with got the steak and eggs benedict which was awesome!!!!

They also bring out little muffins and biscuits with the berry dipping sauce before our meals which was so good.  I have read other reviews and they seem so mediocre but I really enjoyed myself.  Our service was was great and the place is nice.  Cant wait to go back!
I've only been here once for the Terror Behind The Walls special and it was a MAD HOUSE.  Absolutely packed.  Still, for $80 a person you got tickets with fast passes and a four course meal.  Pumpkin soup and dessert was amazing!  They served water in glass jugs too which was fun.

If you don't go during a special, you're going to be paying a ton of money for this food, though.  Still, it was worth it for the deal but I wouldn't go back without it.
Worst $100 meal I have ever had in the city.  Our sides of Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes were cold, the entrees were tiny for mid 20$ entrees and the filet was over cooked and tasteless.  Couldn't tell if the ribs were undercooked or simply not cooked slow enough but could barely get the meat off the bones.  They certainly weren't worth the time invested.

Appetizer was supposed the be brisket but was so heavily flooded in BBQ sauce it could have been lunch meat for all I know.

Only redeeming quality was that the waitress was knowledgable and attentive.

Not sure how they stay in business with so many other better options.
I wanted to give this two stars, but the pulled pork kicked it up a notch. Then I wanted to give it four stars, but the service stopped me from doing so. Here's the lowdown:

1) The atmosphere is great.  Love the old firehouse memorabilia and the old-timey saloon feel. It's s nice touch.

2) The food varied. It depends what you get and when you come. We came for a Sunday lunch and the menu was limited.  My boyfriend got the pulled pork sandwich and I was jealous I didn't order it once I took a bite.  It was smokey and succulent.  Unfortunately, I ordered the pecan crusted catfish sandwich. The fish had no flavor and the bread was so rough and dry, that I had to ask for mayo to salvage it. I definitely don't recommend it.  And the buttercake was so sickeningly sweet, I couldn't take more than one bite.

3) The service was pretty awful. They seemed understaffed and we were the only other party besides a 20 person family reunion, so maybe all the servers were attending to them.  When the party left, however, we seemed to be the only people left in the restaurant, yet we still needed to flail our arms to get attention. Our original server (who took our drink orders) was in a sour mood. After waiting nearly twenty minutes for our drinks, she finally sent another server to our table to take care of us, who was most likely a trainee cause she couldn't answer any questions we had. Refills of water were minimal and my dry sandwich without a drink really made it an unpleasant experience. 

I'd go back for the pulled pork and the bar, but that's it.
Ok sorry Jack's...your restaurant is sub par.  When I moved to Fairmount, the report was that this place used to be great (possibly when a different chef ran the show?) but since then, I've heard it has gone down hill.  I really wanted this rumor to be incorrect but unfortunately it was not.  I was there with a date recently and the food and service were just plain bad.  Our waiter had no idea what was on the menu and when asked for details, he basically re-read the menu to us.  Poor guy.  Each course of our meal was...well...just not good.  We were served a salad that had way too much dressing on it, a salmon encrusted mess, and a bowl of pasty risotto.  Oh...the host was great!  Tall guy with a big smile and very accommodating.  And the pre-dinner martini was expertly made by the bartender.  But that doesn't cut it. Sorry Jack's you have to get your sh*t together soon to survive in Fairmount or it's bye-bye for you!
Awesome setting with a really unique interior and open air dining. 

The menu describes the dishes a bit too well--they are not as good as you might think by reading the description. It is also pretty expensive for the food quality, but I guess that you are paying for the ambiance. 
 
I had the calamari, described in another review, and found it to be pretty good. It had fried carrot strips I think, in addition to jalapenos and calamari. My spinach salad was pretty basic but not bad at all.
I visited in October. i have to give it 4 stars because of the service. I arrived about 40 minutes before my party and was prepared to sit awkwardly at the bar and drink a beer. The bartender was very polite and actually described the beers I had questions about besides the normal, "Uh....it's an IPA" that you get from most Philly bars. She was sweet and saved me a table outside. The restaurant itself is very inviting. The doors are open and there's just something cool about having a table half outside and half inside. I ordered a burger, it tasted like a burger but it was the little extras that made the meal special. They brought out a little mixture of breads with spreads and even some tiny desserts. I was never looking around for a server and everyone was so sweet. If you want a nice dinner in a cool place with polite servers go here! :)
Great food. Great atmosphere. Lovely waitress. But a mouse ran across the floor while I was having dinner on 12/14.  I don't know if I can go back.
Wanted to put big order in, but no one would pick up the phone. 7:20pm on a Thursday. Give me a break.
