This is like a traditional Chinese Restaurant that is from like the 90s. The way it's decorated and the purple light gives it the 90s vibe. It's not a modern restaurant by any means. This place is located in China Town and I highly highly recommend Ubering or taking a taxi as there is literally no parking here.

I ordered a variety of foods such as a variety plate that had beef slices, clam, intestine, jellyfish and some cured meat. I would say that this was not good at all. The jelly fish reminded me of the jelly fish you find at the grocery store for like 2 dollars. It's bland and it seems like they forgot to mix the sauce with it. The beef was really dry and tough. The intestines is a weird touch as that's not usually on this kind of platter and the best thing was probably the cured meat as that is probably something they bought instead of making it in-house. 

The braised tofu tasted decent. The sauce goes great with white rice (which you need to order). The snow peas are correctly prepared as the ends are cut off and the fiber strip was taken off. The beef chow fun tasted good, very traditional style and it was well seasoned. The beef was tender and easy to eat. The snow pea leaf was just okay as well. It's weird as it's sold by market price and not a fixed price.

Portion sizing is good, plenty of food but the beef chow fun didn't have many beef pieces. Some of these dishes are priced moderately well. Service here wasn't so good. It took a few tries to get something like napkins and we had to keep asking about the white rice.

The cleanliness of the restaurant is... questionable. It looks pretty run down and the bathroom is really really disgusting. It's really small like a standing shower and there's water everywhere (at least I hope it's water). 

Overall, just a mediocre Chinese restaurant. Would I recommend? Only if you're really hungry and there's not many places opened. This places closes late like at 2:30 AM.
Ok, so I actually used to be a big fan of this restaurant until about 30 minutes ago when they tried to steal my friend's phone. It really was a great spot to go to for after hours, but after tonight WE WILL NEVER COME AGAIN! 

We had left Jade Harbor and had gotten like a block away when my friend realized he forgot his phone. He'd been texting on his phone prior to being served, and there was no doubt he left it on the table. 

So he goes back to the restaurant, and the hostess tries to turn him away saying "oh, I don't know about a phone, you come back tomorrow." My friend tried to explain he was here like 30 seconds ago, and she pretended not to recognize him. After realizing that she was trying to shoo him out, he quickly walks past her up the stairs despite her protests ...

Once there he sees all the employees who had been working, sitting at a table with his phone in the middle (while playing with their own phones). He looks at them for a second, says "Fuck you," and grabs his phone and leaves.

The worst part of this is that we have been coming for past couple months and they definitely know us as regulars. I don't know what we did to piss them off (I thought they liked us?) but we certainly won't ever go again!

Please, if you have a nice phone-or are just outraged to hear about this happening-don't come to Jade Harbor!  It's just so offensive..
If I could give this restaurant a 0, I would.  

I've been here 5 times with my family members. 

We ordered:
Steamed Oyster
Steamed Black Bean Sauce Oyster
Steamed Shrimp
House Special Fried Rice
Some Sort of Spinach side dish appetizer
 
Let me start by discussing my experience with the service:
-The service has been consistently terrible for me.  Why?  The waitresses assigned to us were not attentive to us whatsoever.  It took over an hour to get our food 2 of the 5 times we went.  We didn't get our drinks refilled until we flagged the waitresses(only had females) down at least twice during all 5 visits.   Even when we did flag our waitresses, we have to ask again because they forgot. 

My last visit to this restaurant was an EXCEPTIONALLY terrible experience with the service at Jade Harbor.   I went with my sister and my brother-in-law.  We got this waitress who didn't even greet us.  She just gestured us to hurry up and seated us upstairs in a poor-lighted area at a small table meant for two people near the kitchen door.  There were many open four-seat tables for us.  We rolled with it anyways.  The waitress took our orders for food and drinks after seating us down no problem. BUT this was one of those times that I previously mentioned where we got our food an hour later.  Food was good, and again, we didn't mind much except we were hungry as fudge coming to the restaurant.  MIND YOU, the restaurant was not horribly busy or short-staffed at the time we went.  In addition, the waitress we had refused to refill water or hot tea for us.  God knows why she refused something so basic that's offered in every restaurant, even McDonalds.  Oh, actually I remember now, it was because we were "cheap,tricky Vietnamese" people.  I'm not exaggerating.  Yeah, imagine that: An Asian being racist towards other Asians.  I was livid, but we came to the restaurant for the food, not for a bonding experience with the waitress.  Our plates of food came one-by-one and not served altogether.  My sister waited an additional thirty minutes for her food to be served.  We casually asked our waitress a few times if her food or at least if our appetizer is ready.  She keeps nodding and muttering phrases in her language in front of us while glaring at us.  She disappeared for a good hour.  After we all finish our meals, we still haven't gotten our appetizer so we decided to just ask another waiter to pack it to go for us and for a check.  We gave the lady a two dollar tip, which is something we NEVER DID before but by God, it was the worst experience ever.  She finally reappeared, saw our tip, and immediately starting berating at us.   She demanded more tip.  I demanded for her manager but my sister, being the nice person she is, gave her an additional five bucks.   

TL;DR My last visit at Jade Harbor in Chinatown concluded with a racist  waitress who gave our food an hour+ late, didn't serve our appetizer so we asked another waiter to pack to go, and demanding more tip for terrible service.  

Other than that, the food was good.   I love the black bean sauce the restaurant use for their seafood, specifically clam and oyster.  The oyster was a little chewy but again, the sauce made up for it.  The shrimp used for their steamed shrimp dish was very small in size, but they steam the shrimp just right.   The proportion of the dishes were decent for the price.

The bathroom was.. Gross.
I have to say this place is pretty good!
I've been eating to this resto more than 10 years 
The taste is always good!

Highly recommend.
From the seafood,veggies and chicken,noodles 
All is good...

And the sell alcohol too
Seriously though, this place has to be one of my favorite place to dine when I come back home. I've been coming here with my pop's since this place was taken over in the late 90s. I know some people don't enjoy it, but you just have to order the right food, and it's not your typical local Chinese restaurant where you order Sesame Chicken or Wonton Soup =D So what my dad usually order are (sometimes family meal combo): Seafood mahou soup, Walnut Shrimp, Jellyfishes w/ cold cuts, fish and tofu claypot, some sort of fried rice i have no idea how to pronouce, canton or peking pork chop, crispy skin lemon chicken (do not know how to pronouce), salt and pepper calamari, seafood chow mein (hoy sin chow mein)....i forgot the rest. Good portion and good prices!
Rating of this restaurant varies widely from 5 to 1. Major complaints are attitude of employees but this is quite common Chinese style and I found any unpleasant treatment. Taste is so great and we can enjoy wide variety of foods. Vegitables and sea foods are outstanding. Fried rice was perfect!

Below isma review in Japanese for Japanese tourists,

銀泉 Jade Harbor Seafood Restaurant @ 米国ペンシルバニア州フィラデルフィア @ 海鮮中華料理 2016-08-03

お勧め度 

米国フィラデルフィアのコンベンションセンターの裏手はチャィナタウンになっており、数十軒のレストランが有ります。

この中でYelpの評価が星１つから５つにばらけているお店ですが、高評価は美味しい、低評価は従業員の態度が悪い、というのが主な理由なので、ここを選びました。

比較的清潔な店内は、真っ白なテーブルクロスの四角と丸のテーブル、シャンデリアにピンクの天井間接照明が微笑ましい。

オーダーは２名で、

Taro Smoothies 3.50
Salt fish ＆diced chicken with tofu hot pot 11.95
Crab & dry scallap fried rice 12.95
mixed vegitable sautee 13

タロ芋のスムージーは甘さ控えめで、芋の味が何か癖になる美味しい品です。

色々野菜のソテーは、蓮根、人参、青梗菜、しめじ、椎茸、ブロッコリー、セロリ、冬瓜、韮と本当に色々。優しい塩味で最高！

土鍋は、角切りの豆腐、厚揚、鶏肉、塩タラ。この豆腐と厚揚が中国の物とは思えない柔らかで味わいの深い美味しいものでびっくり。鱈の塩気が良いアクセントでした。

炒飯は、蟹肉、アスパラ、卵白、ネギなパラパラ炒飯、上品な味で、どんどん食べてしまいました。

Yelpの低評価は従業員の態度が悪いというものでしたが、中国のレストランの普通の対応です。レジに居た中国人女性はフレンドリーで英語も上手。不満は全く感じませんでした。

他のテーブルの料理も凄く美味しそう。兎に角美味しくて大満足のレストランでした。ここは、今後も訪れたいと思います。

夜のみの営業ですが、深夜の02:30まで開いているのも嬉しいお店です。

942 Race St,  Philadelphia, PA 19107, U.S.A.

16:00-02:30
+1-215-928-0451
Had a quick late dinner here.  Waiters were very attentive towards us but that could be because we were speaking Cantonese with them.  Their lamb soup was very flavorful but their springs rolls were terrible.  Lobster and fried noodles were pretty good too.
This is my family and I's favorite restaurant to eat dinner at in Philly since 6 years ago. We've tried all the other restaurants in Chinatown but nothing compares to how good this place is even though the restaurant itself is tight and sometimes, the service sucks but they were very accommodating and understanding to my request this past Monday.

We ordered our usual, chicken, pork chop, vegetables, steamed fish, e-fu noodles, fried rice, clams, snails, lobster, beef short ribs, stuffed peppers, mayonnaise shrimp, seafood birdsnest and my parent's favorite, lamb stew. My whole family were happy and satisfied with ALL the dishes and surprisingly, no complaints this time, which made me very happy of course. 

The only downfall is the amount of msg they use to make their food taste better, which is why all their dishes and soups are so tasty but my body hates it. I don't however, mind having it once in awhile during special occasions because all the food is indeed delicious and reservation is highly recommended since they are always so busy here (opens from 4-3).
After drinks at Hop Sing, my friends and I were feeling the drunchies and went in search of food. We first hit up Davids but there was a line out of the door and a wait of 30 minutes. Mind you, this was at 1AM...ain't nobody waiting 30 minutes in the cold for some Chinese food.

We turned around and saw Jade Harbor across the way and decided to go for it. There were 8 of us and they immediately seated us in their upstairs dining room (which also looked like the perfect dining room out of a 2000's Chinese triad gangster film). 

They gave us an English menu as well as a Chinese menu which I appreciated. We ordered beers and a bunch of dishes ranging from beef chow fun, salt baked squid to young chow fried rice and cantonese snails. The food was authentic, fresh and truly hit the spot. 

I have my general late-night hangs in Chinatown for food but never considered Jade Harbor until now. I'm looking forward to coming back for more Hong Kong/Cantonese style meals.
EDIT: I am shocked at the absolute change from my last dinner experience here. The food quality was surprisingly bad. We had a fried flounder, which was overcooked, and a brisket claypot, which had poor quality/tough beef. It also did not have any daikon. Lastly, our veggies had no flavor. The only thing good this evening was the salt-baked chicken, which was well-portioned and prepared. The dessert was a terrible green bean soup.

The most unacceptable part was that we were asked by the waiter to give 15% after giving 10% for poor service and poor food. I have never been asked at a Chinese restaurant to give 15%, especially if it was a negative experience. He dared to phrase it as the restaurant requiring customers to pay 15%. Tip is never mandatory except for larger parties, but even so, I have never heard of waiters demanding tip at Chinese restaurants. This will be our last time.

-

Having gone to David's Mai Lai Wah a few nights before, Jade Harbor was a refreshing breath of fresh air in both service and food quality. I was surprised at the dishes we had, which were in many ways comparable to SF Chinese food, and that's absolutely saying something.

We had the E dinner option, which included 4 dishes:

1. Peking spareribs - wonderful glaze, sweet and tender. Decent portion size and overall sauce was distributed evenly. 

2. Soft shell crab- salt and pepper batter fried. Well-prepared and every piece was edible. Not over-seasoned, thankfully.

3. Fried green beans - really great veggie dish with a bit of minced pork and some heat. Deep fried garlic on top really sealed the dish together and the beans maintained their texture. Solid.

4. Satay beef vermicelli clay pot - Surprisingly delicious with just the right amount of heat. Could have used a bit more sauce, as the vermicelli absorbed a lot of the liquid and ended up dry. But overall, great flavor with the Satay.

For only $48 with dessert (the most disappointing red bean soup with tapioca after 4 great dishes) and a soup, this is a great deal. Really a great competitor in Chinatown.
The food here is good.  Seriously.  

Read my other reviews to see what to order.  All my friends (asian and non asian) like it.  Yum.  

It's also a byob.
Worst $50 ever spent. 
Everything was frozen, everything was under seasoned, but yet overly salty.
The servers job was to take your order and to give it to you far from where you could reach it on the table. The busser job was to slam plates in a bus tub loudly, very loudly, in order to stack them more tightly.
1 star for poor service. 
Negative 5 for horrible food. 
Places like this make me wish I was the type to just get up and walk out.
Been here many times, but most recently came here last Sunday night with my fam.  We all weren't that hungry, but we had to go to Philly anyways to pick up my brother when we were finished (he was at a wedding reception).

We ordered 5 dishes (and usually if you're in a group and order a decent amount, you can ask for the soup of the day, which should be free, but maybe only if you ask in Chinese?  one of the perks of being Chinese in a Chinese place I guess!  We ordered some watercress, tofu/fish hot pot, fried chicken (not the exact name, but it comes with those colored chips), General Chicken (for my sister's white husband, the real Chinese stuff is weird to him), and finally, a special that I didn't know about , Fuzhou style ribs!  Oh man, that was so good, I totally didn't expect it, but they made it.  So good, tastes just like when I was in HK and my grandma made them.  Thing is, it was made with taro and not potato.

Dessert was red bean tapioca, but it was yellow.  Sorta odd, but still good.  

Overall, for 5 people, it was 56 bucks.  Not bad!!


*more description on one of my fav dishes, the Fuzhou ribs.  It's sweet and tangy, and the ribs are chopped (looks like cubes) - bone still in (some are boneless, but they're no fun to eat).  The sauce is isn't runny, more thick (like General Chicken).  I say, TRY IT!
This is their definition of "half" a roasted duck for $22. So don't get fooled by the photo on the menu. They gave me more of the white buns than the actual duck. The waiters were not pleasant when we were there. I guess they don't care lol. Oh and btw avoid ordering any clam/oyster dishes because all you will see are mostly empty shells with some sauces. First and will be the last time here.

Update 4/18/2021: We did NOT give them tips due to POOR service. Yet, Just checked my credit card statement and found out they added tips for themselves without authorization. Fucking scumbags. Will call credit card and cancel the transaction.  Terrible and dirty move. Hope you go out of bizz soon.
Please look through your check when it comes because the owner of the restaurant always tries to overcharge the total amount to earn more money. They are extremely dishonest about their business. Please calculate the total yourself.
Yesterday, my friend and I visited Chinatown around 11 PM.  It was my friend's 20th birthday and we impulsively decided we wanted to go out and grab a bite at Chinatown. Our options were very limited because it was a Sunday night. Jade Harbor happened to be one of the very few restaurants that were open at the time. So, that is where my friend and I decided to go. I was extremely appalled by the service at Jade Harbor. Never in my life have I ever run into such a disrespectful waiter/waitress. My friend is a vegetarian; so, she asked the waiter to exclude chicken from a dish she ordered. To double check, I asked him if he wrote that down because I had a gut feeling he didn't and of course, he didn't. He shoved the menu in our faces and started to yell at us saying there was chicken in the dish. Everyone turned to stare at us. It was embarrassing how immature this waiter was behaving.  When I tried to say something, he rudely told me to be quiet with a finger centimeters away from my face. There is ABSOLUTELY NO reason someone's fingers should be that close to someone's face between a customer and a waiter. More importantly, he was not respecting the fact my friend is a vegetarian.  I cannot tolerate any type of disrespect in any situation. So, it took all my might not to react.  My friend ended up compromising and changing her order. The food is okay hence the reason I am giving Jade Harbor two stars instead of one. But the food really isn't worth your money when the service is so bad. (To be honest, bad is an understatement.)

Long story, short: Jade Harbor has bad service and the food loses its worth because of it.
would be no starts at all,  but food was still ok.

but service.. come on, 

I've been to Jade harbor NE location and always had amazing experience.

But one in china town was HORRIBLE.

They offer on-line service, where you can order and pick it up at curtain time.
I ordered on-line,patiently  waited for my time, came in,  and lady said, that they don't provide on-line services.

Ok,this is odd... So i asked if i can order the same things right in the restaurant and wait a little, and what did I found out?!!!

PRICES are not even slightly higher, they are DOUBLED!!!!

well ... i still got my food, with a little wait...
 and probably never going to this location again.

shame on you Jade Harbor IN CHINA TOWN and learn from your coworkers on Bustleton.

very bad experience

BTW, the worts spring rolls I've ever had in china town!!!
I spent my 20th birthday here. Honestly, the food is very generic. I went again recently, and the Kung-Pao chicken is very similar you can get from any Chinese Food lunch truck in Philadelphia. The tea is always lukewarm, and the place is always dead.

For Chinatown first-timers, this place will seem tempting with its white table cloths, and more laid back atmosphere... but I'd encourage anybody in search of strong eats to keep walking or cross the street post-haste.
Just want to say, they always charge one extra dollar on top of the menu's price. It happened every time I ordered their food. They would lie or make excuses if they were found out. 

JUST DOUBLE CHECK THE PRICE BEFORE YOU PAY. Very dishonest business.
So, apparently, I've been here before (according to my wife), but I don't quite remember it. We decided to check it out again, and now I know why I never went back. It's over priced and the chefs have no idea what they're really doing.

We ordered 3 dishes and was pretty disappointed in 2 out of the 3. 

Salt baked seafood - this is normally one of my favorite dishes at almost any chinese restaurant and this place just butchered it. Bland, bland bland! Where was the salt?! It was just seafood battered and some pieces of jalapenos thrown through it.

Fresh sea bass - so, the menu stated we can either have it steamed or pan fried. Then we got to chose our sauce. We went with pan fried with ginger scallion sauce. Well, what we got was battered whole fish deep fried in a soy sauce. WTF! Does this place know the difference between pan fried vs deep fried? It was the worse dish I have ever had. They didn't season the fish. It was just dough. And, the price was RIDICULOUS.

Snails in black bean sauce - this was semi decent. The flavoring wasn't as flavorful as other places, but it was the only thing that was edible and made the meals semi satisfying. 

Overall: I will never be back. EVER!
Located in the heart of Philly's Chinatown, Jade Harbor is a cute and tasty hole-in-the-wall restaurant. It's got seating for tables from 2 to 12+, with upstairs seating available for larger parties. Overall, the place is a little tightly squeezed, and they would benefit from having a bit more room so the wait isn't too bad. 

The service was pretty fast, but they charged $3 for a plate change halfway through the meal?!?! They didn't even tell us, but changed our plates to clean plates even when they weren't that dirty. They also seemed like they were in a rush, which made us feel like they were pressuring us to finish. However, it's a plus that they speak both Mandarin and Cantonese. 

Foodwise, it was pretty tasty overall. Some of the dishes were a bit bland (like the tofu we got in one of the group meals). The meal deal isn't bad - multiple choices for combo groups from 4 people up to 10. We also got a meicai kourou, which was delicious! Unlike many places, Jade Harbor made the dish tasty but not too salty. Their Cashew Shrimp is also to die for! One of my favorites. I just wish they served a larger plate for that dish. 

All in all, one of the better Cantonese food places in the area. I was pleased by most of the food, and would definitely like to come back to try some other dishes. It's pretty decently priced, and there's easy access to a lot of dessert places.
We were treated so rudely. As a matter of fact, I've never been so offended by a restaurant. I didn't think this sort of thing happened. When we sat down, our waitress didn't smile, she handed us menus and asked if we knew what we wanted in a clipped, heavy accent. A man brought us tea. We asked if there were any specials, we were directed back to the menu with a point. Tea was excellent. We didn't have a large budget so we ordered the Happy Family, to split, and two soups; along with crispy wontons and duck sauce. Hot & Sour was conventionally American (starchy) and tasted boring. The woman who took our order never came back to our table. A man, I'm assuming the manager, brought us our entree and one bowl of rice. I tried to stop him to ask for another bowl of rice and to inquire about the wontons. He glared at me and waved me off, quite rudely. He never stopped and continued back into the kitchen. A man brought us another bowl of rice fairly quickly and I had to sign wontons to him. Crispy noodles was the magic phrase. The Happy Family was buffet quality to fair and lacked any personality. The meat was well portioned, though. Lobster was listed on the menu, but there was not a single piece to be found in the mix. No one came to ask us how the food was. It's important that I note that every other table was being looked after. The staff smiled and was very courteous, jovial even. We were not treated as nicely. I HATE to bring this up, but we were the only European Americans in the joint there without East Asian counterparts and we are also gay, and I know for a fact it's not hard to tell. Sorry, folks! This place treated us differently then anyone else. After we finished without any interruptions, except when I made eye contact with a bartender in order to get a knife, we were given our bill. Our service had been awful, so a 10% tip for purely running us our food seemed appropriate. When he picked up the bill, he opened it and stated that there was a minimum 15% gratuity. This is not posted. We looked at him, stunned, because it's very rude to ask for more money when the bill is paid, a tip being an indication of our satisfaction with the service. We informed him that that was all we were paying. He then demanded another dollar. I obliged because I'd never even come close to this level of uncouth. I departed with, "Sorry to bother you" and headed out the door. It practically ruined our evening. It's hard to believe that a place can stay open if it treats any of its customers that way. If they had not wanted to serve us, it would have been kinder to turn us away then to treat us so unkindly for 40 minutes. I guess we didn't spend enough money to be treated with courteousness, either that, or they don't cater to "white" Americans with the same aplomb as they do others. It is Chinese American food at its most bland, and far from being a decent place to eat. Don't bother asking for any explanations or to be treated especially well if you're not dropping some serious money. Beware, it may have been a bad day, it may have had nothing to so with our skin color or personalities, or it may have been that black cat that ran in front of my car: this restaurant goes on my Black List all the same.
I have been here multiple times and the mayonnaise shrimp is awesome. Great drunk food for sure! That being said, the service is not the greatest. If there is anything wrong with your order they will make it seem like its your fault and really don't care that you are not satisfied. They don't care about their customers at all. Unfortunate because it is tasty.
We go this place for many years, it used to be a good place for dinner, but check your bill before you pay, they over charged us, sorry  you lose the royal customer.
This is permanently my family's choice for a big casual family dinner. The service and food are great depending on what days you arrived. We usually eat here during the weekdays to avoid the rush of tourists. I love how they would give you something free depending on how much you ordered. We have gotten free beers to a free lobster. The snails in black bean sauce, the hunan shrimp and the sweet and sour ribs are definitely must tries.
I wont even talk about the food because the service was awful! 

I came here one day and the place seemed half full at best, but that didn't stop from the staff from ignoring our table completely. We had to call over the waiter like five times for him to take out a paper to take our orders.  No water, no sauces and rice didn't come with the orders.  Come on! This is a chinese restaurant.  Rice should always come with the entrees. If they were busy that would be a different story, but they weren't.  Overall they were pretty rude and I will not come back to this place. They even had the gall to ask for a 15 percent tip when we didnt leave quite that much because we thought the service sucked. Isn't gratuity for the service and not mandatory? 

 I will not ever come back to this place!!
okay seafood
They seriously asked us for more tips. I can't beleive it. never had this situation ever in my life. Charge $5 for pot of tea we didn't even asked. Horrible service ever !!!!
Once every month, I come to Jade Harbor to eat with my family or friends. I'm surprised by the low rating for this place. The food here is better than Rising Tides and Tai Lake combined. And it's cheaper! Try the sweet sour pork chop or the salt baked soft shelled crabs, you can't go wrong on them! The service is what you can expect at any Chinatown restaurants. Bon appetit!
Well, I was sat upstairs of a Chinese restaurant for the first time ever.  Maybe it was because I was with 3 non-Asians.  It's nothing big, but growing up, my parents never wanted to sit upstairs.  I guess that just got ingrained in me, so I was hesitant to sit up there, but relented as me and my friends were tired. 

I was touting the food here, and again, Jade Harbor did not disappoint.  Got the usual - fried half chicken, beef short ribs with peppers and onions, fuzhou style ribs, baby bok choy...can't beat it!  I highly recommend those dishes, do it, you won't be disappointed...I promise!
I wish there was a zero stars option.  This was the worst meal I had in my life and the dishes were outrageously overpriced.  Had the Hunan fish, sauteed squid w. garlic sauce, and sauteed mustard green.  The Hunan fish was mostly bones, the squid was of an imitation kind, and the mustard green were rotten and tasted like hot garbage.  Do yourself a favor and avoid this place if you dislike eating hot sewage for a meal while throwing your money down the drain at the same time.
One thing to note about this place is that there is a particular waiter-- short hair, buzzcut asian guy with a light mustache--who will hover around you while you pay to make sure that you tip him to HIS standard. The guy will literally check your tip before you leave. He's approached me one time as I was leaving with his hand out saying "tip, tip" because he thought that I didn't leave him anything. Turned out, he didn't check with the cashier and panicked.  It's rather insulting to be paying for your meal and substandard quality service and also have these weird eyes creep over you as you pull out your wallet. As a general rule, I'll tip 20% no matter what happens because I understand bad days, having been a server in the past. However, the incidence with this particular waiter happened every single time that I ate here. He's horrible at both service and manners. It doesn't seem like management will do anything to correct or to assess service. That's the first warning sign that you should have as a guest when entering this restaurant. Management has low standards for the establishment.

As for the food, it ranges from average to below average quality. The best thing about this place is the shumai, which I've come to order as takeout to free myself from the abhorrent service. I also had the fish fried rice and some other forgettable dishes--none was that good to request again. 

Bottom line: there are other places in Chinatown that open just as late with better food and a more welcoming atmosphere.  I wouldn't recommend dine-in.
Going to keep it short and simple....food EXCELLENT! My favorite spot, service? TERRIBLE...the worst!

We were chased down literally by a waiter for more tip after we dropped 12%. I believe that's a lot for Chinatown and on top of that, the waiter didn't serve us at all! Because of that, will be very cautious next time.
My friends who I called "Chinatown Royalties", since they know everyone in Chinatown especially all the restaurant staff and owners, swear by this place. Maybe I don't have the same discerning palate, or maybe they just go there because of their acquaintances but I don't see how their food is better than the other restaurants. 

Don't get me wrong, their food is consistently high up in quality and taste and the price is good, just for these factors this place deserves a good review but I still don't see it as a stand out. 

Ten of us got a table on the second floor which to be honest is kinda cramped. One of the tattooed gentleman seating across from us was smoking a cigarette and the waiter doesn't seemed to care. Yes, we're in Chinatown and certain elements are expected but the bottom line is that it doesn't make my dining experience better. 

We ordered the soup of the day, and nine different dishes. A clear soup beef casserole, the oh-so-popular mayo shrimp. a fatty beef casserole with enoki mushrooms, salted and thousand year old eggs with snow pea shoots, fermented bean paste with hollowed vegetables, sea cucumber and duck leg stir fry, a salted fish and chicken fried rice, pork and mushrooms with e-fu noodles, and something else. Everything was good especially the two eggs with pea shoots and the mayo shrimps and each of us only paid $17.

It's quite popular around dinnertime and we have to wait a while for our food, and the decor amongst other stuff can certainly be improved but given the chance I will definitely go back again.
If your looking for a restaurant with great "wok hei," or high butane Cantonese cooking, Jade Harbor should be on top of your list to visit.  
The prices are very reasonable for the content/amount of the dishes.  I had four things that night: 
Salted Fish Fried Rice:  Great flavor and the rice was stir fried with skill that it was broken apart.  The salted fish was outstanding.  My only complaint was that they used alittle yellow food coloring in their dish. 
Grouper Casserole in Hot Pot:  This is NOT tilapia!  This placed used actual grouper fish.  Flavor was mild and mixed well with the other veggies such as snow peas and lettuce on the bottom.  
Chinese Style Fried Chicken:  The brine they used was great!  Chicken was fried to perfection and had the skin was thin and crunchy!  
Singapore Style Noodle:  This was the only dish I complained about.  Too little curry powder and too much eggs.  Made the rice noodles alittle soggier than usual.  Also, it was spicy nor salted enough.  
My total bill came up to be 70 something dollars!  It had enough food to feed 5 ppl easy! Would come visit again!  
-1 star for Singapore style noodles and yellow color in fried rice.
I haven't been here in years. We used to come here after the clubbing nights at 2am with a group of people and make such a ruckus (sorry staff for that). We no longer come at 2am or make a ruckus. 

And I'm happy to see the food never disappoints. We usually order our "regulars", fish maw soup with crab meat and salt baked shrimp, scallops and squid. Our third entree is usually clams with black beans sauce but we decided on something different, so we ordered grouper with black pepper sauce and it was amazing  

Everything is always good but definitely try the grouper; you will be happy and full. Service is very fast; we were in and out in about 1 hour! And the prices are affordable! We ordered 2 of the fish maw soup (one to take home), the grouper and salt baked seafood for $85 including a $15 tip!

On another note: no brown rice options, which kind of suck but the flavors of the food more than made up for that. 

On a positive note: they give you a free bean soup dessert, not too sweet, just perfectly delicious
Went late night. Ordered take out and it was pretty good. Prices are alittle higher than what I am used too and their menu is all over the place but all in all it was a good meal. This is one of the few places I go a lot. They do have off days but most days it's great.
I've been going to jade harbor for a few years now.  Lately I've been feeling more and more not welcome in the restaurant.  Lately I feel like If you are not Chinese you won't get service in this place. Service has been subpar and the food has definitely gone down hill.  Tonight we were given the wrong food then our kung pao chicken came out and was basically a plate of sauceless celery with a few pieces of chicken and peanuts mixed in.
Philly Chinatown is so small and if you're not from the area, none of the restaurants seem to jump out as "the best" while you're walking around searching for some good Chinese food.  We saw that this place was decently crowded and we stopped a guy walking out.  He said that this place had fresh and tasty seafood.  

Walked in -- pretty crowded but we were seated right away.  Ordered some of my faves -- fried shrimp with walnuts & broccoli, flounder, oysters, jellyfish.  yum yum -- was a happy camper.  The shrimp & flounder were DEElicious!!  The jellyfish had a bit too much flavor to it but I've had a lot worse.  I prefer it having more taste rather than blandness.  Oysters however -- I guess Im not a fan of cooked oysters (half-shell junkie!!  swoon).  I couldn't eat the oysters -- didn't enjoy at all.  My dad liked it so I guess it was just me.  Also they gave us complimentary sweet soup at the end -- peanut & sugary??  

Pretty solid Chinese food.  You're not going to get the opulence of NYC but good food.

Service  -- didn't have any problems.  They were pretty friendly & there are english menus if you need as well.  BTW they charge more if you pay by credit which they didn't tell us -- so all of a sudden our bill was upped a few dollars.  pay cash -- save money! =)
I'm surprised by the mixed reviews this place gets.  I come here for dinner quite often and everything is always top notch.  Service is outstanding.  I always come with my buddy who is good friends with the staff and owner.  They have a full bar and can make most of anything.  I usually though stick with water and hot tea.  Occasionally I'll ask for a Tsingtao.  Most dishes are just killer.  Fish and tofu pot, fried squid, seafood basket, duck, fried chicken and of course the walnut shrimp.  I have dreams about the walnut shrimp.  They can accommodate most large parties (we last went with 11) and they are open late.  Doing some late night karaoke and want a bite after they close? Jade Harbor is still open.
I am surprised to see 3-star rating for this restaurant.  This is one of my favorite Chinese restaurant whenever I am in town.  The interior can use some upgrathe but the food and service is always on point.
Been coming to this place for past 6 years now and not once has it disappoint me. Best authentic Chinese restaurant in the town. Love it, everything taste good and their bubble tea drinks are a PLUS!!! Very friendly customer services!!!
This is a decent place, good for food after the club. The dishes we ordered tasted pretty okay. We ordered soup, seafood in bird's nest, clams with minced pork, sizzling beef in skillet, Vietnamese watercrest. We were full and satisfied.... They even had complimentary orange and che for dessert.
Usual Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. Nothing really special. A lot of seafoods on the menu. It can get too expensive if you go with group of 5 or more. Going on Sunday will make it even more of a bi***. Very hard parking spot.. (duh, chinatown). Noisy as hell. Indifference waitress. Can be rude at times (it's chinatown, what do you expect?)

Not good for a date or family dinner.

Good for eating with bunch of regular friends.

Oh. The food got same taste with any other Chinese restaurant at Chinatown.

(I took off stars based on their price and service)
We went as a party of 8. 
Pros: 
- Seated quickly with no reservation.
- Harbor seating available, next to the aquarium. 
- Dumplings and Hunan crispy fish were both delicious. 
- They split up the check, including tip, per person! That was nice. 

Cons: 
- Harbor splash zone larger than expected- 3 patrons got wet when the staff was collecting live fish.
- We witnessed the violent pummeling of two live fish with a large mallet (this may be considered a "pro" for some).
- Hot soup was accidentally poured down one patron's back, and the waiter wiped it with his and and said, "Be careful!" No apology or anything, just a stack of napkins delivered.
- Sauces on the pan fried noodles tasted syrupy and seemed Americanized. 
- Had to ask for water, wine glasses, sauces.
- Impatient waitstaff hustled us out of the restaurant before we were ready, because they needed the table.
Came here way later than we were supposed to. We were walking around Chinatown at about 10:30pm when we started to get hangry and couldn't decide on a place to eat. We mutually decided to go to this place because I am not picky and at this point would eat my own arm off. We got the shrimp fried rice and salt baked octopus. I enjoyed it but my friend said it was not authentic. I can live with that. The service wasnt the best, but good for a late night dinner.
What a huge disappointment!!!!!!  I ate hear tonight and ordered the General Tso's chicken.  So, a little background. I've been eating here for years. Literally, 10 plus years. Same people even work the front of the house. So, it's not like I was a new customer or tourist  who they might not see ever again.  The food came out. I took a few bites and immediately realized that this tased nothing like General Tso's. It was not sweat nor was it spicy. It tasted like some type of jelly gravy.  I asked both waiters and the lady that covers the front of the hose to try it. They refused. I explained to them it tasted nothing like General Tso's chicken. I said perhaps you changed cooks. They actually agreed and said "maybe new Cook,
New cook did not cook right" I said yes obviously.  I then said I did not want it. They paused and all looked at each other and mumbled something Chinese shit. Then walked away.  LoL.  So, I got the ladies attention again said I don't want it. She said ok. A few minutes later she drops the bill in front of me and said. "I give discount" what the fuck. Lol. Discount...!!???  So, I paid the bill and of course I got to see the cook. Now how about this shit. He wasn't even a Chinese guy. Not even close. He was Latino, I imagine some ilegal who's being harbored under Mayor Kenny's Sanctuary city bullshit.  Man am I pissed off. I
Wanted some good General Tso's.  I will not come back here. Ever.  Lots of other places to goto.  A discount lol. Are you kidding me.
So it was a Sunday night when me and my family decided to eat here like they usually do. Personally, I am not a big fan of chinese cuisine but seeing as how my parent liked  the place I though that it wouldnt be that bad, well I was wrong. 

We were seated near the window when the server literally threw us the menu, now I worked in customer service myself so I find that to be a bad first impression. The first time we tried to call a server to take our order we were ignored and it wasnt until our third attempt. Overall, the food and all was just okay, but it wasnt until we were about to leave that I was really offended. 

The service was bad, impolite and rough which is why im not willing to pay a full 15 percent for the tip. And as we were about to leave we were told by one of the server that we need to give at least a 15 percent tip, when we gave 10 percent they said it wasnt enough, the nerve. I was humiliated and offended and will never return again, I recommend the same for others.
Should I feel weird that I'm the 2 most recent updates?  Nah.


Came here late night Friday.  The crowd at David's was a bit crazy, so went here instead.  They say they close at 3, but people were rolling in at 2:45am, and I never knew an Asian that didn't want to hustle and make more money, so I'd say they were open past 3.  

Got the essential dishes for me - fried half chicken (with the flavorless "potato chips"), beef short ribs with peppers and onions (sizzzzzling), sweet and sour ribs (which weren't the ones I wanted, soo...), ordered another batch of Fuzhou ribs (also sweet and sour, but 10x better, even though the first order was good), and baby bok choy.  It was all great.  Any place that makes the FJ ribs is a quality place in my book.  Only wish they made it with broccoli and potatoes (they use taro, which I'm not that fond of).
Best seafood, and Cantonese cooking in town. I am usually a picky eater, but whenever I come here they always satisfy my taste buds.

Love the lobster scallion, the Peking duck, the garlic snails, the fresh boiled shrimp, the variety of seafood soup to choose from. Although the menu is mainly in Chinese, there is an American menu. If you want to try something different, just ask, they will recommend their best.

The main chef is awesome and I have been coming here for a very long time. Services are always friendly even if the language barrier is there.
We order 5 dish but only got 4 dish , check out time they charged us for 5 , the waiter did not said sorry for messing up with our order , service was not that great , food was also not that great , too many good place to good in Chinatown, stay away from here .
Came here for my friend's bday dinner.  As always, the food was good.  

The food ordered wasn't my fav, so I can't say I was totally happy.  At least there was the soup (fish air bladder soup, try it!), the chicken, sizzling beef short ribs and peppers (didn't come out sizzling...)...all good.  No rice though, sadness (seriously, a bunch of Asian people, and no rice automatically placed down?  boo).

I'll come back of course...it's generally good.
the service sucked!! i swear these people are racist. the guy said the card machine didnt work so i needed to go to the fucking atm and got charged $4 for it and then i wasnt gonna tip i tried walking out and the guy was like "excuse me we include the tip" and i was like fine i'll give you $5 to shut up" and i walked out. HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!!! I HOPE THIS BUSINESS SHUTS DOWN!!!! BUSINESSES LIKE THESE DONT DESERVE TO STAY OPEN! food was nasty too. they probably spit in it to be honest
After shopping today, we decided to have dinner in Chinatown. As always Jade Harbor is our #1 choice when it comes to Cantonese or Chinese cravings. 

But today we were very disappointed! Not only service was horrible and poor! And we found hairs in the food twice! 

YES found hair #1 in the soup! After we pointed it out and the "manager" decided to replaced with a new one. We moved on! 

And found hair #2 in the dish plate! Now this is really bizarre! And when we talked to the so called "manager" they acted like we out the hair in the plate ourself which was outrage and not acceptable!!! 

Now farewell Jade Harbor! We will not go eat there anymore! There is always options outdere and Tai Lake is one!
Staff is rude and food took forever! Three people came and went with there food and I I ordered was steamed dumplings and lo main.
We want to try a new place and it was a bad idea this time.  Too much msg.  Over priced compare to other places around here. They also use cheap stuff. Almost everything taste frozen. Had a hard time communicating with the server.  Go to Four Rivers down the street it's much better than this place.  Wont be coming back.
Was going to David's across the street for junk food Chinese in a good way lol. It was closed so tried this place the Best lomain ever and everything was fresh and tasted great. Awesome find will be back.
I used to like this place but now it has horrible service, not worth it anymore!
Came here for dinner with a few other friends. The restaurant itself looks very outdated, as many others have expressed. It looks like I walked into a movie scene from a long time ago. It also smells not so great, like what a kitchen with a lot of old oil would smell like. When I walked out, my entire coat smelled like an old Chinese kitchen. Definitely wear something that would not soak up smells when you come here.

The servers first gave us all Chinese menus, even though many people I was with look like they obviously don't understand Chinese. We eventually got some English menus. However, the two menu's contents differ, and even the price differs. The English for some reason has a lot more dishes than the Chinese menu. Moreover, for the items that exist on both the English and Chinese menu, a lot of them have different prices. We found a few dishes that were cheaper in the Chinese menu than when compared to the English menu.

The food itself was just mediocre at best. A lot of the food were extremely salty or just doesn't taste good. Personally not a big fan of this place. You can get a lot better stuff in Chinatown...
All I can say is that this place is okay, there wasn't anything special but nothing was really bad either. There are plenty of other options in the area, so I wouldn't come here except maybe for novelty. 

Overall decent food but the competition is just so good around Chinatown that it is hard to compete.
Food is good but even when requested spicy it really wasn't. The bubble tea is like a frozen slushie and juice balls not tapioca balls.
