Restaurant week was a great introduction to Jake's and Cooper's Wine Bar. From the beginning I was pleasantly surprised with parking out front, pleasant service and a excellent dining experience! Entering a warm, inviting, earthy and muted yet rustic tones with a large bar area leading into a visible hearth for pizza making. The menu offers a lot of food and drink options. But it Restaurant Week lets go for that.

The homemade mandilli pasta was fabulous the pasta, asparagus and mushrooms were cooked to perfection. We both really enjoyed the filet Bronzini in a butter sauce over asparagus. All of this was quite delicious. Desert options, Lemon Curd with a caramelized topping reminiscent of crème brûlée or the other choice Carrot Cake Cheesecake both were rich in color, texture and boasting the described flavor.

The owner or manager visit our table when our meal ended and we had a delightful conversation about our wonderful experience.  We were informed of specials during the week,  I was very pleased to hear about pasta night each Thursday for $20 you have your choice of homemade pasta and a glass of wine. What a deal. See ya next Thursday!!
We have been going to Jake's for over 15 years and have genuinely enjoyed our time there every time, until last night. We have celebrated birthdays, graduations, and anniversaries there and true to form were there for my mom's birthday on Saturday night. 

We were greeted by Cosmo and shown to our table and promptly had our drink orders taken. We were given a comfortable amount of time to select food and after giving our order only had a short wait until our appetizers and eventual dinner arrived. 

From dinner on the service went downhill quickly. They were inconsistent and flaky; the older blonde expediter/waitress cleared all plates at the table and told me she would be right back to clear mine; 30 minutes later I finally flagged down our waitress (younger brunette woman) and asked her to clear it.

She took our coffee/tea orders and disappeared only to return 15 minutes later with the beverages. She asked if we wanted to look at the dessert menu, and although we did (we were planning on having some birthday profiteroles) we declined and 10 minutes later got the check. Good food but absolutely terrible service; especially when the bill was $250+. Total seated time: 2.5 hours.

We politely told Cosmo on the way out how terrible the service was and although he genuinely seemed concerned (and tried to offer drinks and dessert on the house) we just wanted to get out of there. I would never recommend this place for a special occasion and will seriously caution my parents against doing the same. 

How the mighty have fallen.
Jake's & Cooper continues to be one of my favorite restaurants to dine at in Manayunk!  The Happy Hour From 4:30p-6:30p is still a great deal with: $5 house wines and selected cocktails and $3 select beers is wonderful!  The food specials are priced $5-$10!

I appreciate the consistency with the full dinner menu items -the spicy meatballs; jumbo lump crab cake & pizzas still hit it out of the park every time!  The wine choices are always pleasing as well.

Look out during the holidays for the 50% of gift certificates-I usually stock up and use them throughout the year!
Unsure what exactly we were in the mood for on a Sunday evening, we found myself at Cooper's .  The options provided by the small plates, sides, and speciality pizzas were enough to make sure my group was able to find a few to agree on.  While the pizza was nothing to brag about, our desserts and the crabcake were impressive.  It fact, it may have been one of the best crabcakes I've had outside of Maryland!

While Cooper's was rather busy that evening, our waiter made us feel we were his top priority.  He took time to answer our questions, recommend wine, and was prompt in refilling our waters and wine glasses.

All in all a great meal, although a bit pricy.
Let me start by saying I'm only giving two stars here because I've eaten here before and it's been good. Let me start by giving the background info. 5:30 pm Monday night, it's pretty dead and we like it here so we brought our two year old with us. She's good at restaurants. 

Our server started out with such an attitude I wanted to get up and leave before our paper menus were handed to us.  He continued to be so stone cold that I regretted coming here. In fact he ruined my meal by making me feel uncomfortable and he didn't say much.

We ordered their $16 burger and $15 meatball pizza. Both have been great in the past.  Tonight the burger was awful.  No flavor not even the cheese.  The pizza was soggy with cold meatballs. Yuck yuck yuck. 

I totally regret coming here and won't be back in the future. I could have gotten a better meal at Toni Roni s and chances are they'd have less snotty service. I ll let my friends know too about this bad experience.
The atmosphere made me feel like I made it to a classy restaurant downtown without the headache of getting downtown... 

Be warned, the food is slightly pricey for Manayunk. However, their "cheap wine" is actually pretty good (@ $12 for a half carafe, it is not a bad deal). The food was good, but the serve put it over the top. Our server Richard was very attentive without being pushy and checked in just enough to make us happy without driving us insane. Worth adding to your tour of Manayunk restaurants!
Oh the mediocrity of this place just blows me away. The prices here are NYC level but quality and taste are way inferior. This place charges the price it does just to prove to you that it can. Probably good if you want to keep out the riff raff, but not great if you want to go for a quality meal. 

Came here for brunch without expecting much and I'm sure glad I didn't. 

The presentation of the dishes are clean. And the the ingredients are adequately fresh. You won't get sick. That's as much as I can say about the food here. 

You get six slices of beets for $12. How do you suck the flavor out of roasted beets. I've done better in my home kitchen. 

$16 for the blandest tuna tartare. 

$9 for a bowl of mushrooms soup with no actual mushrooms in it. 

Leaving the restaurant feeling you haven't really eaten anything at all?? PRICELESS.
This is one of the nicer bar/restaurants in Manayunk, with an upscale atmosphere and prices to match.

Both times I've been here, I've had the salads and pizza rather than the entrees which are bit pricey at 25 and up. The pizzas are fairly good size, so if you have a moderate appetite two people could order salads (12-15) and share one pizza (about 15), and your meal would be in the range of $45-50 before drinks. 

My one knock on this place would be the wine by the glass selection- for a place that bills itself as a wine bar, I would think they could come up with a better tasting selection.  The wines by the glass are in the range of 11-12, and taste like they are from $12 bottles of wine.  They do have an extensive list if you are willing to buy a bottle, and I think that would be the better way to go here. 

On the other hand, there is a nice selection of beer on tap as well as about two dozen craft beers in bottles.  So I give Jake & Coopers two thumbs up for the beer, pizza and salads.  As a wine bar, though, it doesn't hold  candle to the wine bars in Philly like Tria and Zavino.

Edit:  Apparently the restaurant won a Wine Spectator award, as the manager informed me when he read my review here on Yelp. So, if you are impressed by that, you may want to discount my comments about the disappointing glass pour list. I'll just say that I  wasn't impressed with what I drank and leave it at that.
Let me start with the good.  The butternut squash mac and cheese was great. In fact it was the only thing I enjoyed...and why it got 2 stars.

I was so excited to support a local business that was reopening.  I  will start from when we walked in.  A beautiful 70 degree night in the Yunk.  My mother in law made us 5pm reservations so the place was still pretty empty.  I was excited to see tables by the window were available so I asked for one of those.  The hostess made us feel as if we asked her for the world.  Apparently that side didn't open for seating until 530...really?!?  She was less than friendly to all of us.  

So then we were seated in a booth.  Ok not what I was hoping for since it was a beautiful day.  We were then immediately asked to move to a different seat in the back by the pizza oven.  The complete opposite of what I asked for.  The farthest seat from the window and fresh air.  I asked to be moved back to the other booth as it was far too hot back there!
This put a sour taste in all of our mouths.  My poor father in law has a hard time getting up and down.  To move him after he was seated was unnecessary.  
So then I asked for the happy hour menu, one of the reasons we came in.  You can only get happy hour specials if you are sitting at the bar or the high top.  Really?!?
At this point we debated leaving.  We should have...
It took a while to get our drinks, the food didn't take to long.  I do appreciate that the waitress did the best with what she was given.  
Since I had read the comments on how long it took to pay I gave the card immediately upon receiving the check.  I couldn't believe how much this mediocre dinner cost us.  I was embarrassed to have picked this restaurant.  My mother in law said the only thing that saved the dinner for her was the music.  

In conclusion...
#1 - Too many rules. 
#2 - Happy hour should apply to all seats since it's a BAR.
#3 - Customers come first!
#4 - Prices are far too high.

I wish we had gone to one of the many other amazing restaurants we frequent on main street.  Gigi, Maya.J, Luckys,  ect....
We will not be back.
This is a really nice place to go for some good food and great wine.  I love their red sangria!  The prices are extremely reasonable.  The atmosphere is great, but you will definitely need to make a reservation on Friday nights.  The place gets crowded!  The menu has a little bit of everything so it should be good for the picky eater!
For food quality this place would get four stars and for service it would get 1.  So I am rating it on its average, 2, sorry no rounding up is justified for Coopers, where it takes over 2 hours to get  a brick oven margherita pizza!?  Are you kidding me and that's after they misdeliver a fig pizza AND a sausage pizza.  I was able to stay patient thanks to a very nice wine list, and the  staff were at least  knowledgeable on the wines, which are amazingly affordable for a sister restaurant of Jake's.  My patience was further tried when it took 20m to get our wines refilled.
My boyfriend and I came here for dinner on a Monday night in mid-May. The sleek bar, attentive service, and interesting menu were high points, but the food was nothing wow-worthy.

Tuna Tartare (Avocado, Shallots, Grapefruit, Potato Gaufrette) - 3 out of 5
What started as a tight plate presentation and an interesting choice of citrus fruit gave way to a bland and underwhelming dish. I'm left wondering where the shallots came into play. The tuna, smashed and diced to oblivion like it was intended for a sushi roll, lacked acidity and salinity. Similarly, the avocado appeared to be mashed without regard to seasoning. If all of these components were meant to be consumed together in one bite, why were the potato gaufrettes, potato chips, tiny, burnt, and broken pieces?

Chicken Liver Mousse (Duck Fat, Crostini, Brandies Cherries) - 
I did not try this. However, the generous portion was only served with three baguette-sliced crostini. 

Meatball Pizza (Tomato Sauce, Claudio's Ricotta, Fontina, Red Pepper Flakes) - 4 out of 5
This dish was my favorite of the night. I loved the liberal use of fontina, a sharp-flavored cheese, which complemented the mild, creaminess of the ricotta perfectly, and the slight heat from the red pepper flakes.

Stuffed Quail (Apple Sausage, Apple Parsnip Puree,
Rhubarb Gastrique) - 1.5 out of 5
This was a creative idea for a small plate and it was beautifully presented. When I bit into the meat, I found myself wishing there was more of a sear and crispness on the outside. I couldn't discern between where the game meat stopped and the apple sausage stuffing began. I could taste the gaminess from the quail, but the flavors were very one-note. The parsnip puree was far too loose and lacked rich creamy flavor, which would have juxtaposed nicely with a crispy quail skin.

Brussel Sprouts with Maple Bacon - 1 out of 5
Our server explained that the Brussels were finely chiffonaded, fried, and served with small pieces of bacon. The chef deep fried the brussels, but because they were served in a /covered/ cast iron dish, the moisture permeated the container and rendered the previously fried crisp veggies and bacon into a soggy, unappetizing pile. We weren't fans of this dish and ended up sending it back.

Service - 
Our server was patient, sweet, and attentive. She was present to fill our waters, clear plates, and check up on us without being over intrusive. I will note that she overcharged us for a neat bourbon pour, (my boyfriend got two); the second she rang in as a rocks pour, which increases the cost. (We notice everything.)
Jake's interior is romantically lit, with speakeasy lighting, a posh lounge (pillows along the wall, low tables) and relaxing music.

Two of us waited about 20 minutes without a reservation. Not bad, considering it wasn't terribly busy. Our host (Evan) sat us. Service was fine. Jenna brought out our dishes quickly and helped make recommendations. At their stocked bar, bartender Jon presided over the drinks. I don't remember having any drinks...

The l'amuse bouche was tasty and a promising start. For an entree, I went for the pink peppercorn crusted venison ($26) with braised baby bok choy, kimchee; Asian reduction, cashew vinaigrette. We shared an order of the Prince Edward Island mussels ($10) with Andouille sausage, sweet bell peppers, garlic and a white wine tomato broth. Sadly, both the appetizer and entree (while creative) were listless in flavor and average in quality, especially considering the high prices.

While the food did not impress, I'd return for drinks! Your mileage may vary.
I don't have a lot to say about Jakes, except that I went there for my birthday dinner last year and I ordered a glass of milk with my birthday cake. I took one huge gulp of the milk only to find that it had gone bad. 

I just wanted to put that on the record.
I would say the food we got last night while celebrating a friends birthday was just average. Nothing was awful but i definitely wouldn't go back because the food was not worth the price. The pizzas we got ranged from $13-$15 for a 6inch and there was really nothing very special about them. The grilled octopus salad was probably the worst dish of the night, the octopus clearly being overcooked so it was tough and rubbery. The best dish was the gnocchi and probably the only one worth it's price. Overall it was just okay but not memorable enough to go back.
We arrived at 5PM for a quick meal with out of town friends.  The place was empty as could be expected on an early Saturday night.
We were greeted and seated ASAP and our waitress was soooooooooooooo nice  Mai.
She answered all our questions and then answered them again when our friends arrived.
She was very patient and polite.  Service was very good.
We had Shrimp Dumplings, Beet Salad, Mushroom Polenta, a Short Rib Pizza, Scallops and Almond cake.

Everything was very good.  I'd share the mushroom polenta next time if I could and make it a side dish.
Skip the $2 bread.  It looked good, it was nice and warm, but it had no taste???

When we were leaving the place was packed and getting louder.
We'd come back, but there are so many other place in Manyunk it might be a while.
Their pizzas are pretty good, but any non-pizza item may fail to impress. Seriously, if you come here and only get the pizza, you'll probably have a much better time than I did.

There's a spicy meatball pizza that's pretty delicious. I liked it.

A note about price - If I'm paying $26 for a scallop dish, you had better nail it. If you've got the gall to put it at that price point, I'm really hoping you've earned it. Sadly, this was not the case. The risotto it was served on was pretty bland and I just wasn't blown away. The scallops could've been charred a little more on the outside. They were a little squishy all around. Yeah, normally I wouldn't nitpick this, but $26.
I came here craving a burger and some parmesan fries BUT I saw the lobster omelette and couldn't resist the temptation.  It was pretty good, with chunks of lobster (not too many pieces, though), ricotta, and spinach.  It was the first time that I had had ricotta in a seafood omelette, and it gave the dish a nice, mild creaminess without overpowering the lobster flavor.  Nice!  The spinach gave it a good savory finish.  The home fries were decent, but I definitely like the parmesan fries more.  I also tried some of the eggs benedict, which is served with a crab cake rather than lump crabmeat, along with chicken sausage, asparagus, and a creamy shallot-leek sauce.  They sure do win some points for creativity.  Taste-wise, it was good but I still like my Main Line tried-and-true haunts more for my crabby eggs benedict.  The crab cake was flavorful but did contain some filler, which I'm not a huge fan of but your mileage may vary; I am just accustomed to Manny's and Captain's in Blue Bell, where the cake are made of just seasoned lump crabmeat.  Plus, it almost seemed to battle with the savory cream sauce.  Still, it was decent.  Service was very attentive and friendly, and the prices aren't bad.  It was about $30 pre-tip for the two entrees, which is on par with other restaurants in the vicinity.  The ambiance is very comfortable with roomy booths and dim lighting.
Come for the pizza and wine, stay for the pizza and wine. And the draft beer. You can also order the famous Jake's burger in case the brick oven or many small plates aren't tempting enough. But so far, I have yet to have a disappointing pie here. Get the 3-cheese if you want something simple, and try the Lisa's pizza or the short rib if you want more toppings.

The outdoor seating is abundant, making it a great start to happy hour on a nice day. Also, the kitchen is open pretty late most nights (with pizzas being served an hour later than other food), so it's not a bad way to end the evening. So far, service has been wonderful at tables and at the bad each and every time.
What a disappointment! Had a noon reservation for Mother's Day. Service was extremely slow and non- attentive. The lobster omelette barely had any lobster meat & a poached egg dish was more like it was a hard boiled egg. Won't be rushing back, plenty of other establishments in the area that serve better quality food.
BAD SERVICE , MEDIOCRE FOOD

Came here for restaurant week and pretty much was a disaster.

Took at least an hour and had to ask 2-3 times for our starters of a loaf of bread and chips. Bread didn't arrive until about a min before our entrees. Plus the restaurant was not even full. Waiting almost 30 min for a lemonade. 

Job ordered the $35 restaurant week meal. A complete joke. The crab salad was about 3 bites of food and had minimal flavor. Same with his seafood pasta which usually if you order pasta you would expect more then 4 noodles. But not here again probably 6 bites of food. And then his dessert was somewhat good but seriously at this point nothing makes up for the shortcomings. 

We ordered 2 pizzas which were good and the chicken liver pate which was not very flavorful. 

Wine tasting was poor and selections tasted stale and as if bottles had been opened for days. 

Would not return
My favorite part about Jake's is the "cheap" wine menu, because everything I've ever had from this section has been divine. (I've never had a super experience with their drink menu beyond the wine, but... it's a wine bar, so gauge your expectations accordingly.) Their small plates are interesting and fun. We went here for their Valentine's Day dinner, and it was all around a fantastic evening--if there's a special holiday meal/event happening here, take advantage of it!
Super cute and fun wine bar. 
Service was excellent. The staff here knows the menu and knows wine (can't say that of all wine bars!). 
I had a Charcuterie Board and the Spicy Meatballs. 
My dining companions had ... everything. They have a great menu here and the HH drink menu is superb (and inexpensive for the area).
Great location, great staff, FANTASTIC wine selection.
Highly recommended.
They always say that a tell of a good place to eat is how full the restaurant is with customers. When you are on Main Street in Manayunk, there are a lot of great restaurants to choose from, but one you will always see packed is Jake's & Cooper's. 

It has been a while since I have been, but I distinctly remember everything I ordered being good, quality food. For not being in center city - it has that sort of vibe. The menu is a little more sophisticated than other offerings in the 'yunk, and because of that, just be prepared to spend a little bit more (but it is worth it.) They have great options for both vegetarians and meat eaters - I personally am a fan of the crabcakes and their pizza. 

In the summer they even have seating set up outside, which is always a plus.
We had one of the best meals of our lives at Jake's last night.  For a friend's 50th birthday, five of us met at 8 on Saturday night.  We were promptly shown to our table, and they remembered that I had asked for a seat against a wall to help my hearing problem.  We started out with the fantastic cheese and charcuterie boards.  If you want a perfect meal, be sure to order them.  All of our party had the escargot as appetizers, and we agreed that they were phenomenal.  My husband, who has traveled extensively in France, said they were the equal of any escargot he has had in the fanciest of French restaurants.  

For our main courses, we had the crab cakes, which are a signature dish at Jake's, and the seared sea scallops.  Both were delectable, and lived up to their promise by staff.  Last, but certainly not least, we shared the ice cream taco and the special cheese cake for dessert.  The birthday girl was pleased and touched by the special effort the chef put into her dessert, with a "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate around the plate and a lit candle on the side.  The "cheap" red and white wine we ordered perfectly complemented our food, and were both better than what we would normally order in another restaurant.  

Overall, this was a wonderful experience for our birthday girl, and a miraculous save for her husband, who had forgotten to get her a present.  Thank God for Bruce Cooper Sr. and Jr., Cosmo and Jake's head chef, who made her feel special.  And for Seth, our waiter, who ably took care of us while making her feel like the most important person in the room.   Thank you all!

Jake's is now our go-to restaurant for all special occasions!
Too expensive for the product.  The salmon was a bit undercooked and underwhelming in flavor.  I would definitely skip the scallop dish - $29 for 3 regular-sized scallops without a side was disappointing (the server even suggested against ordering it, should have listened).  Would have been less disappointed overall if it was less expensive.
A decent meal but a little over priced considering the quality.  The service is super friendly and there was no pressure to leave our leisurely dining evening.  The menu is extensive so even the pickiest eaters can find something.  The menus are combined from Jake's and Cooper's Wine bar that is attached.  

Big Poppa and his lady friend and the wife and I all leisurely enjoyed dinner last night (3/5) at 8 pm to celebrate our respective 37th and 67th birthdays.  We started with the $2 bread (Which some of you may snub your nose at, but these days, everyone is on low carbs, so why not have a small fee) and the marinated olives.  We shared almost everything that came to the table.  We got crab cakes, oysters, truffle gnocci, short rib pizza, artichoke pizza, mashed sweet potatoes and duck spring rolls.  Most of the stuff was as good as expected.  All the ingredients were fresh so nothing tasted like it was from a can.  The winner was clearly the crab cakes.  If you go, be sure to get either the entree size or the at least the small plate size.  

There is a really good wine list with lots of variety, a little pricey, but they offer many by the glass and some cheap stuff too.  A few selections of beer.  They really do get an A for effort though and it is a pretty decent meal.  But it's not like I plan on rushing back.
two stars is a stretch. lousy service. mis-timed plate delivery. TINY portions. now i'm not gung-ho about huge american portions, but my shimp bolognese had about five (YES FIVE) pieces of pasta in it. i was literally able to eat the entire dish in about seven bites. if it wasn't for being out with awesome people, i'd have left.

as for price, who is jake kidding?  this is manayunk, not rittenhouse square. get over yourself.

oh. not that i'm a stickler for bread, but that should ALWAYS be served free and unrequested. not at jakes. it's $3 for a small loaf.

overall: pass.  there are plenty of other places to eat in manayunk (like chabba right next door).

one last thing: there's nothing more annoying than the hostess coming over to refill your water glass every time you take a sip. we're not in chinatown.  if only the server had half the attentiveness our little hostess had.
In my humble opinion, this Jakes & Cooper's servers up one of the best burgers in Philly. It's served up on a brioche bun, with bubbly Vermont cheddar cheese, caramelized onions and sauteed mushrooms. Also, it comes with a side of ketchup and a side of horseradish aioli so you can slather them atop your burger and also dip in your delicious parmesan fries. Dude, this burger is no joke. It's cooked to perfection, totally juicy and unbelievably delicious.
Came here for lunch with a large group. We started with a marguerita pizza, spring rolls and gnocchi for the table. The spring rolls were the only think that really jumped out at me. The pizza was bland and the basil gnocchi was oily (I was expecting a creamier texture).  For my entree, I had the seafood salad. It was fresh and very tasty with avacado, shrimp, calami and fresh crabmeat sandwiched between two ripe tomato slices. For $16, however, the serving size can only be described as miniature.  

For dessert we finished with the profiteroles wirh chantily cream and pecan ice cream, served with a delicious hot chocolate sauce.  Quite the "Parisian" experience.  

I think this place would be a good spot for two people: ordering 3 or 4 small dishes between two people would be a perfect portion size.
I live in Manayunk and I have been trying to find a go to place here that my Center City girlfriend would like. On a whim we decided to go here on a Tuesday night to have a glass of wine, we were so impressed by the menu that we decided to share some items. We started with Everything Oven Baked Bread that was served with Maple cayenne butter - this dish was warm, delicious and a great portion size. We had the Beet and Orange salad which had goat cheese and apples in it. Lastly, we shared the pear and mascarpone raviolis which were delicate and full of flavor. After a glass of wine with our food we had a nightcap cocktail that was recommended to us by our servers. We loved the knowledgeable waitstaff, decor and ambiance of this restaurant. This is now our go to spot in Manayunk!
The best takeout I've had during quarantine!! I've had these crab cakes several times before and they were just as good as takeout! The crab cakes have lots of crab chunks, are perfectly seasoned and have little filler. They were cooked when we picked up but we had to reheat at home due to travel time. We reheated for about 8 minutes. They came out perfect. The cost is reasonable at $80 for 8 crabcakes, a pack of Martin's potato rolls and a container of remoulade sauce.
Take out drinks are also available!!! The white sangria ($10) was good. The strawberry gin drink ($15), sorry I can't find the name of it, was really good! The drinks come in a 16 oz bottle. The server also gave me a cup of ice with mint and basil so I had the full flavor profile. 
Pick up was quick and easy. The service was excellent!
Just to be fair , I worked as the manager of this restaurant for 7 years 25 years ago. I've avoided writing about it. How could I be fair? This was hands down a pleasure in every way. The food was well prepared made with outstanding ingredients. The restaurant is beautiful. Even more then I remembered. Best of all I could clearly hear all of my dinner guests. I loath the noise level of most restaurants. The service was very professional. The manager ran the room and spoke to each table multiple times, she was charming without being obtrusive. Sometimes classics are classics for a reason. Jakes sets a high standard. 33 years this October and still crushing it.
I used to love Coopers for both dinner and happy hour, but tonight was not a great experience. My friend only ordered a salad 
with dressing in the side. It came full of dressing. Sent back, came back full of grit, inedible. Owner agreed, took it off check. Didn't offer a drink, or comp her anything. Terrible happy hour, too. Ordered beef tips taco, small and unexceptional. El Rey's taco happy hour leaves you full and with your wallet just a bit lighter. I won't be back at Cooper's. Bartender was sweet, but old bartender knew how to handle these situations with finesse. He is now at Paris Bistro. I'll be meeting friends there from now on.  Sad.
I have two words for you: cookie taco.

Yes, the brick oven pizza is good. And ok, maybe the pork chop was described by my husband as "the best I've ever had." But that's not what we're here to talk about . I want you to know about the majesty on the dessert menu that is the cookie taco.

When I saw it, I assumed it was like a fancy choco-taco. And it is, if choco-tacos were made with crack, by a unicorn. The cookie taco is ice cream, white chocolate, caramel sauce, and raspberry sauce all contained in a taco-shaped pastry covered in cinnamon. It is the best reason to tempt the fates of diabetes, and it's a good size to share (though I could finish one off by myself without issue). 

You know you want a cookie taco.
I've been there a few times now.  I've had the scallops (I got 3 on my plate, stuffed with sausage - very yummy, great appetizer size).  Their salads and pizzas are good, too.  So is there apple cobbler (mouth-watering good, if you like a cobbler that's not too sweet...).  There is something for everyone on the wine list, too.  And yes, the atmosphere is nice.  

However, I have to say, the service is HORRIBLE when there's any semblance of a crowd in the restaurant.  Service is OK during the off hours.  But it STINKS when it's busy.  I really was frustrated at how slow the servers were during dinnertime.  It was unacceptable.  If they had 1-2 more servers on the floor, it would have solved the problem.  I don't think it was the servers' fault.  

If the service was any better, I'd give it 4 stars.  

I've seen others make the same comments, so I really hope that they figure out that they have a problem sooner rather than later.
What a nice wine bar! It was my first time there not long ago but I already want to go back. The wine is reasonably priced and their other drinks were amazing. I had the sangria and a strawberry mojito that were both tasty and strong! They don't skimp out on the vodka at all. They had Tito's vodka there so that was a plus. I went with a friend and we both had a blast. It has a great atmosphere, great place for a date since the lights are somewhat dim (not sure if that sounds weird or not). The bartender was great, I forgot his name but he was really attentive and helpful as well. I'll definitely come back next time I'm in the area. Really liked the atmosphere and the people!
Held hostage by the check.

I will start this review with a question...an age old question perhaps....how would you like to wait one hour for the check to arrive while having a headache and waiting for a to go box for your meal....no dessert while you literally wait and people watch over one hour waiting for the check. Would you agree to this if you got all of your alcohol beverages comped? Two glasses of high quality wine and one Apple Cider Beer? The answer for me is no. (Total comp approx $33)

We ordered the french onion soup pizza, this pizza had crountons on it and was spectuclar! (If you are a lover of french onion soup of course). We also ordered the three cheese pizza which was brilliantly presented with the cutest bay leave on each slice of pizza with the perfect presentation of juxtaposing cheeses both in color and taste to the palate. 

We went on the Grand Re-opening night of 1/27 on a Friday at 6:00pm. It was surprisingly not crowded but the CBS news crew was stationed right outside filming the reopening as this restaurant has been a staple of Manayunk for quite some time.

It is truely sad to have a meal ruined by the inability to run a check (I literally found the waitress right by the terminal at the bar handed her the credit card and said we just need a box when you return for the leftovers). When I say we only ordered two pizzas and had 2 slices of each and ask for the check the meal should not run two hours. Lesson ingrained in my brain after this experience SIT AT THE BAR IF YOU WANT TO EAT HERE and if you get a table best of luck to you, I can promise you I will never return to sit at a table here.
Had a lovely dinner here Saturday.  This was the second time I've been to Jake and Cooper's so I've had a chance to try a good number of menu offerings by this point.  Here are some of the dishes I've had.

-Spicy Meatball Pizza: This is the pizza of my dreams!  Hearty chunks of meatball, fontina, creamy ricotta (my favorite pizza topping), and red pepper for some bite.

-Portabella & Shallot Pizza: This one was good but I didn't get much truffle flavor.  I personally prefer the Spicy Meatball Pizza.

-Mac & Cheese: So incredibly creamy.  Made with butternut squash and a gouda cheese sauce.  The pasta was perfectly al dente.  The butternut squash is pureed into the sauce, not mixed in in chunks in case you're wondering.  I know purists may balk at a veggie here, but it really works. Remember the Great Mac & Cheese Debacle of '17 when everyone was up in arms about the chefs on Food Network's The Kitchen adding a full pan of roasted vegetables to this side dish?  This is nothing like that.  This is good!  Give it a chance.

-Sweet Potato Gnocchi: Good.  I would get this again.

-Roasted Shrimp Verde (from the Happy Hour menu): Good flavor, but a small portion.

-Crab Fritters (from the HH menu): I would skip these next time.  The flavor was lacking and they were way too bready.  Not enough crab, and definitely not worth $12.

-Bruschetta (from the HH menu):  Light, tasty bite.  Comes with two pieces in case you want to share with one other person.  I would order this again.

-Charcuterie Board:  They have a list of different meat/cheese options, and I have been happy with each one I've tried so far.  The accompaniments on the board are nice as well.

-House Red Wine: When I was last there, this was a smooth Argentinian Malbec which I liked.

-Fresh Fruit Red Sangria: Very tasty.  Happy with the $5/glass Happy Hour price.

My recommendations would be to either come here with a group and order a bunch of menu items to share, or check out their Happy Hour (...and still order a bunch of menu items, even if you're only with one other person).  I do agree with some other reviewers who said that the prices are a little high, but overall I've had pretty good service, food, and drinks here, and it's a Main Street restaurant that I would recommend.
I went to Jake's & Cooper's to take advantage of the very last day of Manayunk fall restaurant week 2018. Their restaurant week menu is limited, but a good one. I checked in with the hostess maybe a few minutes past my reservation time and was quickly seated. For my first course I had the Shrimp & Lobster dumplings. To my pleasant surprise, they were served in a soup. It hit the spot on what was an unseasonably chilly night. My second course was the short rib. A tasty dish of tender short ribs.  I was also able to taste the sea bass, and that was good as well. For dessert I was able to share both the apple galette and the carrot cake. Both are good desserts that make for a sweet ending to the meal, but not quite top bakery quality. The waitress did a great job, and I think it was the owner who stopped by for a pleasant chat as well. I also had a cocktail, and although I don't remember which one I do remembering being happy with it. I left the restaurant with a smile on my face.

But... then I got home and noticed I had an email from OpenTable stating that I won't get my open table points because I no-showed my reservation. Seems I was marked as a no-show as punishment for being a few minutes late due to how hard it is to find parking in Manayunk. No more smiling, as I take my OpenTable points seriously! But I clicked the button saying this is an error and open table said they would contact the restaurant and I thought that would resolve things. No such luck, as the restaurant must have stood by their no-show stance even though I paid with a credit card so there is proof I didn't no-show. Well, I contacted OpenTable again and pointed out I have been using their service since the very beginning and would never no-show. I got my points that way. But it was an unnecessary hassle caused by Jake's & Cooper's that knocks them down a star.
Jake's has added bottled wine and charcuterie to go! I stop by today and they had 30 quality wines almost all just around $20 per bottle! How do you beat that? They have also added some DeBruno Bros treats as well! So get an amazing pizza or other great food and a bottle of excellent  wine to go.
Wish I could give Cooper's 3.5 stars.  I don't think it deserves a full 4 stars but I wouldn't necessarily consider it "average" either.  We arrived early on a rainy Friday night and were quickly seated in one of the long, lush, and plush red booths.  We ordered tasty dry and slippery wet reds, the new pork pizza, the pear/gorgonzola/spicy pecan salad, and a side of lemon spinach.  It was all tasty, but nothing entirely memorable.  I would have nixed the spinach since it definitely wasn't worth the $5.  We finished off the meal with the taco desert that was scrumptious.  The taco shell tasted like a super-sized cinnamon toast crunch graham square and was piled high with vanilla ice cream, white chocolate swirls, and an assortment of berries.  The entire taco of happiness was swimming in a bed of caramel and berry lava.  Quite good but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
I recently had my rehearsal dinner here on a Saturday night for my wedding. We booked it well in advance and put down a deposit over the phone to hold the date. We live in NJ so we are out of towners who were getting married in the area. We met with the General Manger closer to our date to make sure we were all set. When we arrived at 5pm for our reservation of 17 people our tables were spread out in all different spots so we weren't sitting together. They told us it was "too complicated" to seat us all together even though the restaurant was dead and not busy they wouldn't seat us all together at this group of tables in the back due to their policy.. They also informed us that the party menu would be a la carte which people could order anything they'd like through out the dinner.  When we arrived we were then told it was Family Style.. We never were able to all sit together and the worst part was that the GM was so rude to my mom that it was appalling. I wanted to leave and not even eat there but we stuck it out and stayed. The wait staff was super great and the food was pretty good. I just would never recommend anyone having a party here it's not worth it because they don't care about you they only are greedy and want more business overall. I wish they just told me from the beginning that couldn't accommodate us and I would of went someplace else. Even after my fiance spoke to the GM privately, the GM apologized and said he would make it up to us but he NEVER did anything. I was truly disappointed with how unprofessional this place is and would def never go back.
Can someone please inform this place that pouring wine into a pitcher of ice with sliced up Mango at the bottom, is NOT Sangria?? I don't know how they justify keeping this on their menu.... 

Besides for this, they are very average at best. Average service. Average pizza. Average menu.
Enjoyed a late afternoon snack at the bar this past weekend.  Service was good, bartender very helpful with pizza/beer pairing recommendation.  

Whoever decided to put short ribs on a pizza with parmesan and horseradish cream is a genius!
I've been here a few times because my girlfriend's family likes it but I just don't get it. I've tried a few different cocktails but they're all ordinary and overpriced. The pizza, scallops, corn soup, corn Mac & cheese, taco dessert and ice cream sampler are good but again, not worth the price and nothing special. If everything was about 25% cheaper this place would make sense to me but your basically paying for the fancy, stuffy atmosphere.
Solid 4 stars for very good service and excellent bar. The food was good too and the location is fun.
I'll sum it up best with what I wrote on my check: "This is food for people who love food." This is not a way for me to wank, and talk about how great my taste is. It's to say, "This is for people who have had *it*" "It" is a moment where everything changes, and a cook makes you forget for a blind second that magic isn't real, and you want to hunt that feeling again for the rest of your life. There are many places I've found this at, and Jake's is one of them.

I am also doing them an incredible disservice by neglecting their wine, for which I am woefully unprepared and unskilled to speak for. They have an impressive stock, but as I can barely tell them apart, so I'll stick with the food.

I recently went back for the spring Manayunk restaurant week, and everything was beautifully composed, the dishes designed with purpose, the staff wonderfully attentive and the "cheap" red better than practically anything I would normally drink. I was picking up every scrap, sliding crusts of bread to pick up the sauce in the bottom of the plate and in general gloriously indulging in decadence and hedonism. There are a few "safe" choices on here, but overall if you search I think you can find some rare treats. I can heartily recommend the Chicken Liver Mousse, and I really want to try the grilled Calves Liver.
Met up with a friend for dinner here and was not disappointed. The service was excellent - attentive but not overly so, and helpful when making choices. We shared the beet salad and the BBQ pork pizza, both of which were great, and the "cheap" red table wine was solid. Really, though, the night belongs to dessert.

We ordered the ice cream sampler (lactose intolerance be damned!) - a scoop each of brown butter maple pecan, chocolate covered pretzel, bittersweet chocolate, and brownie caramel. Not one of them was less than stellar. I'm not usually a maple pecan person, but it was almost savory-sweet. Delicious. They somehow managed to make it so the pretzels didn't get soggy in the ice cream, which is some kind of sorcery. And the brownie caramel was my friend's favorite. But the bittersweet chocolate, which I kind of expected to fade into the background, was epic. It was at once light and rich, making you want to both savor every morsel and eat it in one bite. So. Good. 

I saw a thing on Pinterest recently - "Money can't buy you happiness, but it can buy you ice cream, which is kind of the same thing." Truth.
A four slice, 10 inch, thin crust pizza for 12 dollars.  That's a dollar a bite.
The $8 goat cheese special sandwich belonged in the Special Olympics!  Goat cheese wedged between two crusty pieces of toast.  That's gourmett!
My partner took me here for a birthday brunch.  The plan was that we'd go "around the world" of Philadelphia all day with luscious food and drinks.  Okay, go!  Jake's was our first stop for its famous brunch.  The first thing I noticed about Jake's was the strange set-up.  The bar faced the street and was in the front window, while the rest of the restaurant lurked behind the bar.  I'm not used to seeing the bar with its "back" towards the food floor.  It makes me wonder what the intention was.

Anyway, on to the food.  The brunch was definitely pricey.  I'm not against price if it delivers a great result--be that food, clothing, or almost anything in life.  The eggs benedict were flavourful.  I enjoyed the range of organic, locally gleaned side items on the menu.  My blood orange mimosas knocked my socks off.  My partner had some sort of sausage dish, but ate everything on his plate, so I know it must have been great.  He's not an eat-everything-on-his-plate kind of a guy.  

My only other complaint might have been the timing of the service.  It wasn't quite seamless.  The food was delicious and beautifully presented, but on the small side.  I'm not a fan of huge American portions, but these were tiny for the price we paid.  I might return if they offered regular specials and made their portions a little larger.  I want to nosh, not just graze, you know?!
I have only positive things to say about my experience at Jake's and Cooper's and probably my first true five star experience! 

We came here for dinner to celebrate Valentine's Day. The menu has so many incredible choices, it's hard to pick. Should we share a few apps and a pizza or settle for an app and get individual meals or get an app, share an entree and a few desserts? So many amazing options! We opted for splitting a meat and cheese board, getting our own entrees and sharing dessert. Everything we had was delicious. I got the surf and turf special, which was short rib and lobster tail over a bed of butternut squash risotto. My lobster tail was particularly great! We were pretty full but couldn't resist splitting the ice cream taco dessert which was berry toppings with raspberry sauce, salted caramel sauce and white chocolate shavings. We definitely didn't regret our choice :)

Our waiter was very kind, professional and refined. Though the restaurant didn't have an empty table in sight, the restaurant was not loud. It was romantic and intimate. Great date spot! Can't wait to go back for another occasion!
The service was great.  The food was mediocre. I had the short ribs and my son had the red leaf salad.  It needed seasoning. But the ambiance was nice.
The hazelnut butter that comes with the Rogue Creamery Smokey Blue cheese is pretty amazing - as is the smokey blue cheese itself. The cheese is as potent as gym socks, and as delicious to humans as a gym floor is to athlete's foot. (...I just had to... sorry).

But the rest of the food at Cooper's is only okay, if not slightly unsavory. The truffle oil on the Portabello Mushroom and Shallot pizza is a wee overpowering, thereby inhibiting its consumer from enjoying the delicate thyme and shellbark goat cheese flavors. 

The Parmesan Fries are a little too salty. The asparagus with prosciutto is okay - the prosciutto is a little salty. The rock shrimp gnocchi was good - except for crunchy bits of the granules of sand in-your-mouth variety.
Jake's is a great place for an upscale dinner in the middle of Manayunk. The menu is sure to please. It was pricey ($70 per person without alcohol) but we had a great meal and left feeling full and satisfied. I've heard that it's BYO on Sundays and Mondays. If you're in Manayunk and looking for a nice meal I would suggest Jake's.
Wandering around looking for a light dinner, my mom and I passed by Cooper's, and after a quick peruse of the menu, decided on it.  However, we weren't seated in Coopers, but rather next door, at...I can't remember the name.  Anyway, they're right next to each other.

We ended up getting a couple of pizzas - the King Oyster Mushroom for me and a Margherita for my mom, with some maple brussel sprouts.  The sprouts came first, which were a decent affair, though I think it could've been a little more maple-y, and certainly a little more carmelized.  After all, brussel sprouts that are prepared well are actually tasty!

The pizzas were also pretty decent, though certainly not drop-dead amazing affairs.  The margherita was...good.  Could've used a little more basil, and the sauce is a little salty.  The mushroom pizza was also good, with a great blend of cheeses, though again, just a little salty.  If anything, I think they could've used slightly less piquant cheeses and actually seasoned the mushrooms to balance it all out.  In both cases, the pizzas are thin crust, oven-baked style, but they leave a huge crust edge, of 1-1.5", which to me just screams cheap.

Our service was OK, though I had to ask for water twice despite our waiter having walked by our table twice.  The decor, though, is nicely modern and well put together.

Final verdict?  Good for something somewhat quick and casual, but...that's really about it.  Would I go back?  Eh...probably not.
I couldn't wait for this place to open.  A couple years ago, if you wanted to go out for drinks in Manayunk and avoid a billion douchbags, your options were Derek's or Derek's.  Now, a few years later it seems like Manayunk is making a bit of a comeback... that or either all the 20-somethings who moved here a decade ago (myself included) are just getting to old to run around like drunk morons.

Anyway, I was hoping to get a Tria-like establishment, which this sort-of is, but they could have done a lot better. The food is good, but there is nothing on the menu that really stands out.  The pizza is average, there are no good appetizers and everything is a bit too expensive.  The decor, but there is something stale about the atmosphere.  I can't tell if it's the lack of music, or the clientel, but its missing something.  

Now that Agiato opened up, I think I will be going there instead.  The food is phenominal, the prices are way better and I like the atmosphere.
Food and drink is a bit pricey, but can go for a flatbread pizza and wine for a fair price. Best part is dessert, three words, ice cream taco! All homemade and probably the best I have had. I will continue to go here for this alone, but the rest is good too!
Had brunch here Sunday.  The host was super awkward, it's like he didn't know what to say when we walked through the door.  Then when we asked to sit outside he acted strangely and had to go check with a waitress, even though over half the tables (which we just walked by) were empty and he could see that right through the window.  The woman who took us to our table was also awkward about it.  Maybe there was some host/hostess staffing problem that morning.
The eggs benedict was okay.  The delicious crab cake was a big highlight.  The sausage was tasteless and rubbery.  Everything else was fine.  The presentation was a little snooty.  It's just brunch, you don't have to make such a big presentation of a dish.
Coffee was good and the table service was fine, they refilled our coffees and waters frequently.  Our waiter was very gracious and considerate.  No pressure to leave.
Overall, I'd say this place is trying to be much fancier than it is, including the price.  They've got to get their acts together if they're going to charge so much.  They'd only get two stars if it weren't for that scrumptious crab cake.
I went here for a girls night out, and it was perfect. Our waitress was great and very helpful. We ordered a bottle of prosecco and shared the Portabella & Shallot pizza. I'm a huge goat cheese fan, so needless to say we devoured this pizza as soon as it hit our table. It was the right amount of goat cheese and mushrooms! 

I'd definitely go here again for a low key dinner. It's a nice local spot.
We were a party of 6. My wife and I, our daughter and her husband and his parents. It was December 16th 2017. We were all looking forward to Jakes and three of us were most particularly looking forward to their Signature crabcakes. First they tried to seat us in a very close and crowed space. We asked for a different table and were then seated properly. The service was ok not great. The crabcakes were 90 % breading. That's being generous. My wife said both of her's were all breading or fill with no crabmeat. The next day we called and complained. They said they would call us back. They didn't. We called again. They said someone would call us back. They didn't.
For a restaurant that has been in Manayunk for 10 years and considered a great place for dinner they really blew it. What's worse is they didn't have the courage to admit what they had done. What a disgrace! You couldn't pay me to eat at Jakes ever again. It might seem like a small thing Crabcakes, who cares! But it boils down to their integrity and honesty. If they can so cheapen a signature dish and not make good on it what else are they capable of perpetrating on an unsuspecting public.
Great place with an interesting menu and a good selection of alcohol. The waiter was knowledgeable and food (crab cake and pizza) were delicious! The guitarist/singer was exceptional.
I've only been once, but the deplorable service deserves a review. I went with a party of 4, and we were hoping to find a good wine bar in Manayunk, which sadly was not this. The glasses were small and the wine was actually pretty terrible (I had several red glasses, but this was a consensus in my party). 

The food price was terrible; the waiter noted our disappointment with the size of our appetizers and asked if we'd like some olives. Presuming this was complimentary based on the way he asked us we said sure; and sure enough we were charged $10 for it. 

All of our entrees were very small, and cooked poorly. I would not eat here again and actually felt embarrassed bringing our out-of-town friends here. UPDATE: I've heard better things about this place since I went and have had several people say it was their favorite spot in Manayunk, so maybe we just had B squad on, or an off night when we went (or maybe staff/everything changed from last time we went...)
The service was slow and they weren't that busy and the pizza tastes like cardboard. I expected more with their extensive pizza menu and the large focus on their brick oven within the restaurant. I will say that their cheese plate and ice cream taco were delicious though.
Last night was my second visit to Cooper's. I went once about 8 months ago and really enjoyed it..it was one of my boyfriend's go-to spots for solid, good food. Unfortunately, he said after last night's visit that he wouldn't go back. There was nothing BAD about our meal, but nothing special either. I was a bit peeved about the fact that you have to PAY for bread and olive oil. It's only $2, but seriously? It's a nice restaurant...give us some bread and oil.

We paid the $2 for bread, and it was amazing as always. We shared the grilled octopus salad ($15) and burger ($15). The different elements of the octopus salad were good, but they just didn't meld well. Greens, tahini (with a strong cumin flavor), capers, POTATOES. It was just a bit strange - a failed attempt at Mediterranean in our mind. The burger was definitely good, but nothing spectacular for $15. Both of those were small plates - the entrees are $25-30 each.

One bonus - they validate parking for Lot C less than a block away. Just pay (even when it's $12 at night) and they will give you stickers to get a refund after dinner.

I'm not sure if we will go back...again, it was good, but nothing fantastic.
Tried to go out to watch Black Panther and it was sold out sooooooo made my way onto Main Street for a quick drink for the night. lol

Jake's Wine Bar has a cool atmosphere. I usually like to sit at the bar so I can people watch and get a good look at the whole place around me. The bartender was nice and allowed me to try two different wine's before I made my final decision. They offer great deals on their house white and house red (two glasses for $13) or you can order from the regalar menu. 

Got a great Greek white wine and a charcuterie board (set up like a pick two option). Went with two different cheeses (one goat, one cheddar). It came with a house made mustard, bread, sliced apples, and a fig/date spread. great options. 

overall, I liked this spot for a quick drink. If I'm ever back in Manayunk I'll stop by again.
Friendly service. Delicious food. The Mac and cheese is soooo saucy and not at all clumpy/waxy/dry. We got the mussels- that broth. Goddamn. We sipped it with a spoon once the mussels and bread were gone. 

This is definitely somewhere for a nicer date night, but it's great to be able to sit at their outside table, sip some wine, and watch the passerby's.
Granted, the atmosphere and location of Jake & Cooper's is great.  
However, the prices & execution of many of the dishes leaves it lacking in value & flavor.  The quality here is declining, rapidly, as are the once decent Happy Hour offerings.
I recently ordered one of my favorite lunch items, the Tuna Nicoise salad and it was bland.  A few weeks later I tried it once again (every place has an "off" day) and it was worse.  Warm, wilted lettuce; aged beyond acceptable to serve tomatoes (w/shriveled skins); less than fresh tuna; "dressing" that consisted only of watery balsamic (w/no seasoning.)  It was inedible.  Curiously, the polite server failed to ask why it was barely touched before whisking the plate away.  At the prices charged here, this is unacceptable.  
Please step up your game Cooper's.
My husband and I dined here for the first time over Valentine's Day weekend. I has become our new "special occasion" date spot and I'm grateful to have this top notch but warm and welcoming restaurant in our neighborhood. I have been meaning to review for a long while now because our experience was so spectacular. I especially loved their special cauliflower apple soup and we took our time enjoying a cheese board. Our entrees were absolutely perfectly prepared, were filling, and the presentation was beautiful. Our server was accommodating and friendly, helping us find good pairings of wine with our meals.
I have gone here a few times without writing a review because I felt like I had to give this place a few chances prior to making a final decision on stars and what I had to say. 

Last night, we came and had the restaurant week courses. $35 a course which in my opinion, isn't so bad. 

I started with the shrimp and lobster dumplings and when they came out it was not what I expected. You got 3 small dumplings in a small bed of broth. It was like wonton soup...

Next up, short rib with lima beans and gnocchi. Yes you read that correctly....lima beans...It was a small piece of short rib surrounded by 4-5 lima beans and then 4-5 gnocchi. I thought this was an odd pairing. The short rib was tender, the gravy on top was flavored well. The lima beans just seemed like they didn't belong. The gnocchi had no flavor and wasn't as fluffy as I would have liked. 

For dessert, I got the carrot cake. To me, it didn't taste like carrot cake. It was more like a spice cake/bread. It was a bit dense and had chunks of raisins in it. It also sat in a citrus glaze with a bit of cream. 

So if you are going to come here, expect pricey entrees, pricey wine and good pizza. 

I do like the overall ambiance of this place as well.
Well I went in alone.  I went in happy to eat!  Then what!?  Do I have the plague?

I went to the front went to the hostess.  Stood there.  Nothing happened...  Stood there...  I said hey are the hostess?  She said yes.  The nothing happened!  I said well so what's going on?  Why did I have to say hey to you before you said anything to me?  Then instead of saying sorry my bad.  She said Are you looking for someone?  Like I was a freak because I came in alone!  Ugh bad Horrible worst Hostess etiquette ever!

Then she still didn';t say oh let me sit you at a table.  She pointed to the restaurant and said shyly uh where do you want to sit?  I don't know why she was there?  To make me feel bad!?

Then I sit feeling silly like a dumb a** because of the way she treated me.  The waitress she gets me isn't any better.  She talked to me like a child the whole time.  No matter how many times I smiled at her no matter how many times I was warm to her and gave her a chance to open up and be nice.

Either way Food was great.  I paid $26 for a meal that was horrible service.  Felt worse coming out than I ever did going in.  Just felt like I had eaten.  I left the restaurant with tail between legs.  Not recommending for anyone!
Will not be coming here again. One of the worst waiters I'v experienced. Never came to check if we needed anything and the drinks took forever to come. Yes even water! 
The food took an hour and half, which was very frustrating because 2/7 of us ordered a salad. One salad (goat cheese I think) was very bad from my dads pint of view. The lettuce was limp and the dressing covered the whole salad.
Overall, bad experience will not be coming again.
Save yourself the money and time and find another restaurant if your thinking of coming here.
4 words: GREAT service. DELICIOUS food!



Ok apparently that was too few words according to Yelp:
Went last night for dinner and every employee was friendly and attentive. We have not one complaint about the food. I get beet salads everywhere and this one may have been my favorite...chicken and accompanying ingredients were fabulous. We will definitely be going back for another date night!!
Dined in the restaurant on Saturday night with a few friends. We were referring to it as the "old people side" since the bar side of the restaurant seemed way younger and since we were seated between a 6-top and 4-top of at least 60 year olds. It felt like the early bird, but it was 8pm. Anywho, the food was outstanding, the cheese board was delicious, burger was amazing, mussels were bland and didn't bring out any of the delectable ingredients in the broth, the grilled octopus was divine as well.

The reason this place gets a 3 is clearly the service. I see that several Yelpers also have something less than nice to say. Jake's - you really need to clean house and have service that matches the food, otherwise people will stop coming. 

Our server, Richard (Dick), was a real pompous jerk. I would order a Riverhorse Tripel, but since I pronounced it as "triple" (which is definitely used in the beer world to describe a triple or tripel style ale), I was corrected, not once but twice, in an extremely condescending tone by the waiter enunciating "TRI-PEL, so you'll have the Riverhorse Tripel". This was the only "Tripel" on the menu and was the 1st beer listed, I think he knew what I wanted. 

Then there was some waiter-induced confusion in ordering the cheese and charcuterie plate. We began by ordering the 2 cheeses for the plate and waiter-man suggested their smoked gouda dip. We were clearly within the confines of ordering the charcuterie and were talked into the smoked gouda. When we tried to complete the plate, Dick said the smoked gouda is a separate dish and not included. At this point, he must have thought we were idiots and could not differentiate 2 separate items on a menu. He corrected us again and we ended up with a delicioius charcuterie plate.

The 3rd and last straw was my ordering of the moscato. I simply asked for the moscato which was on the dessert menu in my hand. Again, with condescension, he perfectly enunciates "Oh, the Moscato d'Asti" in perfect snooty italian. 

I would go to this place for the outstanding food, but to be mocked by the service without cause or provocation is so unprofessional, I am never going back nor would I recommend this place to anyone I know.
Jake's and Cooper's is just one of those places that we always go to for work lunches. I think over the years I've dismissed it based on that popularity factor, but yesterday's lunch reminded me why it is popular amongst my colleagues. 

I was in a salad-y mood and feeling a little adventurous.  I opted for the Grilled Octopus salad. When my lunch was served, I was almost taken aback because the presentation made it look tiny. After diving in, it just seemed the octopus, arugula, potato, onion, fennel capers and mint were stacked high. The tahini chickpea puree was located on both sides of the dish for easy dipping. The octopus was perfectly on point and they were actually pretty generous with the amount included. 

This wasn't our server's first circus and she did a great job with this business lunch. She was professional and attended to our needs at all of the right times. 

I started writing this review thinking I'd give it a 4- star rating. These aren't 4-star words. Five-stars to Jake's and Cooper's for providing a great place for a business lunch.
I have been there three times.  My first time I got a Salad and wine....ok...you would think as a wine bar they would have bottles that you normally would not be able to get in the Wine and Spirit Shop...salad was ok...nothing spectacular.
Second time...just got wine.
Third Time...went on a thursday at 6pm....I called on Monday to make a reservation (which they do not do)...so I let them know there were 10-12 people coming in on Thursday.  Evan the manager and the hostess were not accommodating at all. You would think as a new restaurant, you would want business....but they were willing to turn us away.  After deciding to stay, we took a few tables in the front of the restaurant, but Evan was not happy that we took 3 tables.  I will not return....and I know the other people who were there with me will not be back....too bad Coopers...you lost out!  12 girls with big mouths....imagine the bad word of mouth you are receiving now?
The service was very good and the ambiance was nice, not too noisy and not too dark in lightening. My friend ordered the pork chop, which was perfectly cooked. I had the margharita pizza. I loved the texture of the crust- it was chewy and very thin, but not too flavorful. It was hard to tell the quality of the sauce and what it was made of because it was so skimpy. The cheese was pretty good, a little chewier and thicker than other fresh mozzarella I've had though. It was also placed in sporadic spots on the pizza, which is okay but I'd rather it be more evenly spread out and mixed a little with the sauce. I liked that it wasn't oily though and there was a generous amount of basil. I also thought it was stingy of the restaurant to not offer complimentary bread like typical Italian restaurants would, especially for the prices of all the dishes.
I'm new to the area and this restaurant singlehandly takes the cake for both food and service; the best restaurant in Manayunk so far!
Way too pretentious and over priced for the food they serve. 

Surf and turf was almost bad. 

The ice cream taco desert was very good but no idea why they are serving such an unsophisticated dish in a place that wants to be Le Bec Fin. 

One other thing, the backwaiter yelled 'excuse me' every time he came to bring something to or clear the table. I don't get it?
Great pizza! Great sangria!! I went to Cooper's on a lunch date and it was a very nice atmosphere. The service was great and the spicy meatball pizza was delicious! Cooper's may be a little overpriced but is definitely worth it if you are looking for a nice pizza lunch or dinner.
This is an excellent restaurant. It is the type of place in which you can order anything, and it will be great. Fun atmosphere, always hopping, and top notch food. I am a foodie, and have explored many restaurants in Philadelphia, and this hangs with the best.
I have been to Jake's in the past.  I came back with friends for Manuyunk Restaurant Week.  I arrived earlier than my friends, so I sat at the bar & it was Happy Hour...so I inquired about specials & glad that I did!! Wines are $5 & they had great picks.   Once my friends arrived..we were seated & the service was attentive.  I ordered the Spicy Meatballs & Parmaseañ Fries...Both Delicious!!  My friends enjoyed the Pre-Fix Menu item.  

I will be back for sure.
I used to really like Jake's, but my most recent experience there was a bit unusual. What the reader should note is that Jake's and Coopers (next door) have the same owner. This will become important to know in a moment.
Jake's menus is still solid. My fillet, though a bit pricey ($37), was perfect. My date's fish (mid $20's) was quite good as well, and the wines by the glass were of sufficient variety and quality that we could both drink what went best with our respectively different entrees. Sounds good so far. However, I am a stickler for service. Our waiter unfortunately did not seem to know how actually to open a bottle of wine, brought our starters out at different times, and offered us what I thought was the most odd choice of the evening. When we asked to know the specials,  he brought us the menu from COOPERS! For those of you who do not know, Coopers is the pizza place (upscale, to give them credit) next door to Jake's. My date and I were perplexed. I could not for the life of me understand how a $14 mushroom pizza could double as a special menu addition to a fine dining establishment. Rather bizarre. Still in all, the evening at Jake's was very enjoyable. I think the waiter was new, probably served for both dining rooms, and  just didn't know how to differentiate between the two. I'll still go back, the food is the best on Main Street.
This review is not on the food or drink selections, that is on point. It's the service! I'm seeing this everywhere I don't know if society is dumber, people lack motivation or are just not being taught how to work! When we got there the hostess appeared to be in the weeds and we was busy yet. 3 tables by the window were still dirty, I watched servers and the host walk by and not pick up a plate. So we sat at a dirty table to wait and I got my own menus . From there we had pizza and beers before moving on. Only to find out the next day our server completely charged our entire party wrong. My friend said it took numerous tries to get someone on the phone who knew how to fix the problem. It's scary to me these mistakes, the neglect. I spent 10 years in the business I was taught you never let tables sit uncleared. I cleared tables that weren't mine all the time. Team work, motivation, desire to make customers happy and common sense are lacking everywhere anymore!!!! Train your employees better and make these establishments on main continue to stand the test of time. After that I won't be back anytime soon and it was a favorite for many years, sadly I'm saying this about a lot of spots anymore.
This restaurant came highly recommended. I was extremely disappointed with service, food and ambiance. I took a friend for brunch and ordered the lobster omelette. Lobster was so chewy it was either overcooked or imitation. Prices were high for quality. I would not return.
I had a great time at Jake & Cooper's!

Let me explain:

I went with a friend to Jake & Cooper's to get a few drinks and grab a few bites while catching up. The staff was very helpful and gave us the table we asked for. 

We each started off with a wine flight (I went red, he went white) and enjoyed the perfect weather of that day. The 3 cheese pizza was very yummy, the meatballs were great, and the fries were good enough to eat without any sauce! 

Anyone in the Manayunk area looking for a quality wine bar or brick oven pizza can look no further! We found them on Yelp, and will certainly be returning.
Late entry for June 21, 2015... Manayunk Arts & Crafts Festival

Pitcher of fresh fruit white sangria with mangoes, pineapple, strawberries & bottle of Piniot Grio for $25... Sounds delicious, Right?. I wouldn't know because they only sell it by the pitcher... Glad I didn't let this disappointment spoil my dining experience. I would recommend the owners/managers add white sangria by the glass as an option. Just makes sense.

Great looking decor of the restaurant with modern decor, dark furnishing brightened by accessories. Full bar with lots of space around the bar as well as in the surrounding area with booths and high tables.! Outdoor seating available & what a good day for sitting outside people watching.

I had the spring mix with strawberries, rosemary, feta, granola, grilled shrimp and rhubarb champagne vinaigrette dressing. Fresh field greens were crispy and flavorful. Succulent shrimp swirled in the vinaigrette dressing was mouth watering with a tad of "tanginess". Something about a good salad that puts a BIG smile ones face. This salad surely did.

This place is deserving of a second visit even though I didn't get to wet my whistle with white sangria. All the other elements made up for it.
Great pizza, good service. Prices about 15% higher than they should be...Biggest complaint: food was sloooooooooooow to come out. 25 minutes for three 10" pizzas?
I think most Philly area foodies assume that there aren't many reasons to check out Manayunk's dining scene if you aren't local to Northwest Philadelphia and this is largely true. So if you'd been avoiding Manayunk on account of its [deservedly] poor culinary reputation, you might be surprised at the frequency with which Jake's and Cooper's Wine Bar is mentioned as a contender on Best Pizza in Philly lists.

To be sure, I don't think they could ever win this title outright - I think there is a lot of equally good (not to mention better) pizza in Center City and South Philly but *for the area* Jake's and Cooper's definitely sets the gourmet pizza bar. 

They do a darn good high-end pie in a really nice setting that is also casual and relaxed if you're on the bar side after 9:00ish (my personal preference when I go here). The two we've had are Lisa's (hold the olives, my b/f doesn't do them) and the three-cheese. The crust really makes the pizza - it's incredibly light but still has some great taste and texture. From there, it's just a matter of adding carefully selected, high quality ingredients. For example, the three cheese pizza isn't your typical mozz/parm/ricotta blend, it does have mozz but the other two cheeses are sottocenare and fontina and each slice is topped with a piece of crispy sage - really, really interesting, complex flavor.

My one minor complaint about the pizza is that they serve it ceramic platers, which can cause a slight sogginess issue when moisture starts to condense between the plate and the bottom of the crust :( - such a shame when the pizza is so good! I'd advise them to consider a wooden (or even metal) serving option - please! for the pizza's sake! ;)

The times we've had the pizza, we sat on the bar side. I've also had dinner on the restaurant side twice and found both experiences expensive but otherwise forgettable. However, I did really love the artichoke/asiago omelet I got when we came for brunch on my birthday last year. They also have *excellent* coffee.
Absolutely love this place. My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and the atmosphere and food was amazing. Beautiful open window, so if your sitting inside you still get the outside feels. We started off with escargot. I've had escargot in Paris and Jake and Cooper's was just as good. Seafood salad was delicious as well. Great mix of crab, scallops and shrimp with a lemon dressing! For my main course I had the mussels. They were well cooked however I would change one thing. The broth had sausage pieces in it. I wasn't the biggest fan. It changed the taste completely. With mussels I prefer a buttery garlicky goodness. Hey, to each is own right. Side note: I didn't let that stop me from finishing them. No mussel was left behind.  Boyfriend ordered a burger and he ate it all. I'm assuming it was good. 

The staff was also great. They were very attentive to us. Refilled my sangria when it got low and gave us complimentary champagne for my birthday. Which bring me to the cake. It's was a thick chocolatey delicious surprise. We ate every bite. This place was so good I almost forgot I was one year older 

I'll be back.
I went to Jake's for Sunday brunch -- feeling I needed to get out of the city for a bit.  Amidst the little boutiques and shops of Mananyuk, is the sure-to-impress Jake's.  The decor is really nice and unique, and I imagine looks great in the evening.  We had the fixe price brunch ($17.50) which included a first course and a second course.  Everything was delicious.    This would be a perfect spot to come on a birthday dinner, and one I'd definitely return to.
I really always enjoy grabbing a drink at Coopers and really love the atmosphere. Unfortunately I am so bored of the menu. It is good food but I haven't seen a new thing on the menu in years.
Mediocre overpriced food. Crab cake was fried and oily. Fries over salted. Good date spot though.
Ok so here is the deal with Jakes- It has an awesome atmosphere and great location..try to sit outside(weather permitting) or near the window for people watching. They have a great wine list and they know how to make a good dirty martini. I have been there twice and i enjoyed my meal both times. THE THING TO KNOW-- the menu looks amazing so its only natural that you would want to try a buncha different stuff but take my word for it...just get a couple of pizzas and call it a night...everything i have eaten there has been either ok or not too good but the pizza is amazing! thin and on the small side so 2 pizzas for 2 people is good.
Dinner was delicious.  It was expensive and the atmosphere was a bit loud dur to the bar next door, but the food was outstanding.   Definitely try to save room for dessert.

Also, the Melted Smoked Gouda with Port reduction was an excellent appetizer.
Came here for brunch. The French toast is to die for. Seriously. Either the best or top two in the city. 

Also had the lobster omelette. Real lobster, big chunks. Om nom nom. 

The server for our meal was relaxed and attentive to our needs. Because brunch food is fast, we barely waited. 

Do yourself a favor and come here for brunch and enjoy their drink specials.
Went for a dinner with a group of 5 (including me). We had reservations, but I got there first and was seated immediately and our waiter was perfectly attentive to me even though the group wasn't there yet. 

Foods we all ordered and reviews:
Mussels - everyone said they were delicious including the broth.

Octopus salad - we ordered it just for the octopus and it was AMAZING!

Watermelon salad - very refreshing and perfect balance. It didn't have curried sunflower seeds, but I wasn't concerned. 

Soft shell crab - I was told it was delicious. 

Scottish salmon - best presentation out of all the food! Delicious too!

Crab cakes - huge and filling, definitely a winner. 

Spicy meatball pizza - SPICY. it doesn't have a kick at first but it hits you after!!! 


Lovely dinner and overall experience. We were there for almost 3 hours, but we were talking the whole time, it wasn't due to slow service!
EDIT: Went back and things have improved. We ordered from Jakes menu and everything was out of this world. Going from 2 to 4 stars. 

PS Jakes menu is like, $$$$

I have only been one time. Went with a few friends and got a table in front of the bar. menu is based around gourmet pizza (how original meh) and picky peckish appetizers and wine selection. Pizza was ok - very rustic and predictable. Wine selection was lacking. I saw the same wines you see everywhere (distro problem?) and my overall sense is Coopers is trying too hard. There are plenty of places just like this in the area so its not really anything special. Drinks are way overpriced and the staff doesn't look like they want to be there. If you have the $$$ you wont care anyway, its probably your kind of bar. In fact thats just how it felt - a bar that serves food. Decent beer selection though, if not way overpriced for what they have. I had a salad. It had a fancy name and no balls.

whee.
Somewhat busy for a Wednesday night, but the service didn't suffer.  Our group of five started off with a few appetizers.  The homemade potato chips were the freshest I've ever had; so simple, but perfect.  The bread was tasty, and cheap at $2, but we decided it should have been complementary.  Myself and one other friend were going through a beet phase, so we ordered the beet and goat cheese appetizer.  After a few bites, we just picked through for all the goat cheese, and I can declare that my beet phase is officially over.  I just didn't find the cold tasteless beets appetizing, but some might.  Onto the main act, the pizza!.  I got Lisa's Pizza, which was awesome.  Thin crust, with artichokes, spinach, olives, tomatoes, and peppers, if I recall correctly.  So good, I would def order that again.  I traded a piece of my pie for a slice of my friends, pesto, and the pesto pizza was a little overwhelming, and could have benefited from a higher cheese to pesto ratio.  Although I didn't sample them for myself, my friends raved about the meatball pizza and the short rib pizza.  Also, the Parmesan fries are to die for.  And no review is complete without a rating of the alcohol on hand, and cooper's get's an A+ for it's selection of adult beverages.  Large wine list, and lots of primo beers (high quality microbrews and some decent euros) on tap.  Also, an fyi, food comes out as it is ready, and they encourage sharing.
I've been to Cooper's  a few times.  I think they have a great wine menu and at times their food is decent.  The problem is consistency.    Their pizzas are good but when it comes to other things, say the Jake burger, it's never done to the temperature requested.  The last time I was there, the burger was completely burned on the outside and bloody on the inside.  So charred that it was unedible.  I think it may have been the first time I ever sent anything back.  The desserts were ok and their parmesan fries are perfect.
