I wish Jamaican Jerk Hut evoked images of kids chasing fireflies with mason jars and friends laughing and clinking beers. After all, they have giant yard with picnic tables and lawn chairs, a homemade stage that features Caribbean bands, and a BYOB policy that helps create the ideal setting for a backyard BBQ. It could easily assume a G Love vibe, but my friend, this place falls way short.

Meredith's review is exactly on point. After the astounding "corkage and entertainment fees," which can get up to $20, you're fighting other tables to win the server's attention and before you know it, everyone's throwing food, flipping tables, and trashing the stage (joke). What I'm trying to say is, there's a lot of wait and trouble for food that's blandness personified. 

Points for concept, not for execution.
I had my first Jamaican Jerk Hut experience while enjoying the PHS pop up garden on a Thursday around 6pm. After seeing it featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives (odd that's what they picked to feature in Philly) we got excited to try it.

We ordered from the window connected to the garden.  Dining Partner ordered the jerk chicken wings, and I ordered the chicken leg platter with rice, plantains, and cabbage and a side of cornbread to share. It was expensive! $26 and we waited almost 25 minutes standing at the window for our food. There didn't seem to be a register in the back so every time someone gave the woman payment, she disappeared for a bit to bring back change. It seemed very inefficient. The chicken was very juicy and had quite a kick to it. Overall though, it was nothing special and not filling. Won't be back for more.
Total fail of a place!
I'll enumerate my reasons below thusly:

First, a inexplicable corkage fee per wine bottle and six pack. Say what?
Second, an hour-long-plus wait for the most basic of food? No chips or snacks to tide you over?
Third, the most lethargic, clueless service I've had in while.  The few servers (I only saw about 2 there to wait on about 10 or 12 tables) mile about carelessly and once they finally get around to serving your food they forget your order and auction off plates after slamming down a large service tray onto the table.
Fourth, for how long it took to get our food, their jerk chicken (and isn't this THE dish to get here?) wasn't even butchered properly?  Bones abound so beware of eating their platters in the dark. Choking hazard! 
Fifth, the food isn't even worth the shiteous service nor the wait.  

Cute backyard outdoors and the tunes (that they charge $4 entertainment fee on Fridays and Saturdays to enjoy) doesn't even come close to saving this place.  Avoid at all costs.
I've been to the Jerk Hut twice, once inside and once outside. If I had been rating this place just based on the inside experience, I would have given it three stars. However, my outside experience was pretty damned abominable. When I ate inside with my boyfriend and two friends, our experience was fairly pleasant. The place is pretty small and shabby (dare I say a little dirty?), but the service was prompt and the employees friendly. My Jerk Shrimp was not as amazing as I had expected, but still palatable to say the least. I got a pineapple soda to wash it down, and I was happy. 

The outside experience, on the other hand, was quite the opposite of pleasant. The hostess was a little abrupt with us, since we questioned the $5 per-person "entertainment fee" and $6 PER SIX-PACK "corkage fee". Now please, let me define for you a corkage fee (thank you, Answer.com): A charge exacted at a restaurant for every bottle of liquor served that was not bought on the premises. The Jamaican Jerk Hut does not sell any alcohol, so this is a misleading use of the term "corkage fee"... they aren't losing out on any alcohol sales, since they don't have a liquor license. The only thing they did that was worthy of monetary compensation was provide us with a bucket of ice. That really pissed us off. 

So even before we sat down to eat and drink OUR OWN BEER, we had already shelled out $21 between three of us. (Good thing we brought another six-pack in our backpack that they didn't notice...) Let me just say that I wouldn't mind paying a $5 cover to see an act worthy of that money. However, instead of hearing authentic Jamaican music, which I was hoping for, there was a white guy with dreads who was pretty much the worst Bob Marley impostor I've ever seen. Fake Jamaican accent and everything. There isn't much that I despise more than white people faking Jamaican accents... or anyone faking any accent, for that matter, and trying seriously to get away with it. Anyway, I digress... I'll just say that the music was not up to par.

While we were sitting there trying to endure the terrible music and forget about the through-the-roof prices, we were kind of paying attention to our mostly bland and disappointing food. It seemed like they were mass-preparing meals, except they took three times as long to come out than a mass-prepared meal would. The only thing that I really enjoyed was the coconut shrimp appetizer. The sauce was a little too sweet, but mostly good. The jerk chicken with rice and beans was kind of dry and not as spicy as I would have liked. Very, very disappointing. The fried plantains weren't even good... they were greasy. Yuck. I might give this place a try again, but it will NEVER be outside.
Food: 2
Decor: 1
Ambiance: 1
Service: 1.5
Value: 1.5

"May I use the restroom?"
"Sure, you have to walk outside, down a block, and then back up a dark, sketchy alley to access it."
"Okay..."
Upon arrival in said dark, sketchy alley, you will find that there is no accessible bathroom. However, there is a port-a-potty on their property out back, which is what they must have been referring to, but it is currently behind a barbed wire fence. Use restrooms before going to the restaurant.

Also, we would have visited this restaurant a while ago, but they don't seem to follow the hours on their website.

Other gripes:
- Similar lighting to the DMV
- Poster of Guy Fieri in shorts and sandals staring at me as I eat
- Roach traps in plain view
- Out of chicken breast (how do they run out if that is their specialty)
- Chicken leg full of small bones, and not much meat. Careful not to choke
- Expensive for what you get
- Corkage fee.
I won't be back. To use the bathroom instead of allowing you to go through the back to where the restrooms are located they make you exit the restaurant, turn left and walk to the end of the block, turn left and walk to the end of that block.  Then turn left to go to their back door. That is crazy!!!!!  So for laughs I used my walking App and it measured a 1 minute walk and I burned 14 calories.
So while I was back there I looked around to see if there were renovations or some other impediment to warrant making there customers walk around outside and there were none. 

Is this valuing your customer's business?
Someone who just ordered one of the most expensive lunchtime platters at $17????

There are so many other options in the area that would value your patronage.
I have actually not had their food but I have experienced their customer service over the phone and it was NOT good
I called them to place a large delivery order and I was DENIED because I lived two blocks away from their "DELIVERY ZONE" despite them stating that they deliver to my area (Rittenhouse sq) and the person taking my order was very RUDE about it
WE'LL SEE HOW LONG THEY STAY IN BUSINESS
Jamaican jerk hut is by far the worst Jamaican restaurant in the center city Philadelphia area. I am Jamaican- American raised by Jamaican parents and grandparents, I wasn't aware that there was any other food other than Jamaican food growing up. When I moved to Philadelphia I was excited to see that there was a Jamaican restaurant near me, when I ordered from there they had horrible costumer service and the food was abhorrent. The sad part is that Jamaican Jerk Hut is the raved in Philadelphia by the Caucasian American community (except for my roommates who thought it was equally as bad, because I cook Sunday dinner every Sunday), but they don't know any better and this is the representation of Jamaican food to them. I will say THIS IS NOT WHAT IT SHOULD TASTE LIKE, and the costumer service does not represent the "irie", "don't worry be happy" culture that Jamaicans truly are. I suggest the Caribbean Delight restaurant on south street and a new chef for Jamaican Jerk hut! ZERO STARS
Went to the Hut on Wednesday night with two of my girlfriends.  We sat on the outside deck which was nice, although a combination of the overhead lights and fan caused a blacklight effect that was giving me an intense headache.  Luckily, someone turned off the fan and the Jamaican rave experience ceased.

Other yelpers mentioned very slow service and I would say that they were partially right~ our server was very attentive (as were the other staff members who consistently refilled our chips and mango salsa basket) but the food took a long time to come out.  Not such a big deal for my group of friends that night because we talk for hours anyway, but I could see how it would be annoying if you were hungry and didn't want to be there for three hours.  

The coconut shrimp app was DELISH.  I wish we had ordered two since the plate had four shrimp and there were three of us.  Two of us got the jerk chicken breast platters and the other had the mango chicken platter.  The chicken was tender and very flavorful but perhaps a bit too spicy on the jerk plates.  The mango chicken was really good also but my friend kept coming across a lot of small bones throughout her dish-- I think it might have been harder to see them in the mango sauce versus the jerk sauce where you could see them more clearly.  

I'm glad we got to check it out but I don't see myself dining here often with so many other options that I prefer in the city.  Also, the $4 corking fee for EACH bottle of wine or six pack was pretty ridic.
Terrible food and terribly over priced.  I PAYED 15 dollars for a tiny bowl of frozen greens and 4 wings.  This couldn't have been more disappointing.  First when she brought out my order the containers were so small I was worried.  I didn't think it would get worse and then tasted the greens.  $7 bowl of greens and all they did was pour them out a can and heat then up.  There may have been some butter in them.  And about a quarter of the bowl were stems.  Absolutely horrible.  Wings were basic not much meat and Sweet baby rays from home would have sufficed.  Never coming back.
1. Poor Customer Service 
2. False Advertisement on Website  

I was really excited to eat here, until I called one evening to place an order for delivery. The poor customer service ultimately change my mind, and I decided not to order. The staff was not helpful when I proceeded to ask questions, and refused to delivery to my address even though I live in the center city area that they claim to serve on their website. This was unfortunate because I would have love to patronage this business, but not anymore.
Tried Jamaican Jerkhuts food at the PHS pop up garden. Food took forever. It came from a take out window that was unattended most of the time.

Couldn't figure out the system, whether they would bring me my food or call me.

After waiting forever, another patron came to my table and said the Jamaican Jerkhut people had my food. I walked up and no one was there. I had to bother other people dining there to track down an employee to get my food.

For $17, I got a single skewer of tiny over cooked spiced shrimp and a big container of rice and cabbage with two tiny pieces of fried plantain.

The poor service already ruined my mood. The food just added insult to injury.

I don't think I'll ever dine there based on the meal I got tonight.
I went to jamaica in january so last week i decided to check out the jerk hut to recreate my adventures there. I phoned in an order for jerk chicken and a cohort ordered curry chicken. 
Both were delicious. The jerk was better than most i had in jamaica  and it brought me back (it's a shame the Red Stripe isn't as fresh in PA). The chicken was cooked just right and had just the right amount of sweetness and spice. 
My only complaint is that i could have gone for more cabbage in my platter, but i can understand them wanting to get me to buy a side order. i can't fault them for trying to make more $. 
Also, i don't know if they still have it but when i went there a few years ago they had real heavy duty homemade ginger beer. i totally recommend this! it's like nothing i've had before or since.
I'm from Jamaica but have been living in the states for a long time. I also live in PGH where it's hard to come by Jamaican restaurants. In Philly, there are plenty options. My friend and I weren't planning on having Jamaican, but our taxi driver pointed out this restaurant to us and we decided to give it a try.

First thing is that the restaurant is super clean. It's small and there weren't many patrons inside, so we were seated and our order was taken rather quickly. We had the saltfish fritters as an appetizer, an oxtail dinner and a stew chicken dinner. Each dinner was $15 but it came with a lot of food. We both had to ask for take home boxes. The food was delicious. The oxtail was tender, flavorful and not too salty. 

I'm sure that there are other Jamaican restaurants with cheaper prices, but given this restaurant's location, the prices seem inline with other neighborhood establishments. If you're up for Jamaican food, I would give this restaurant a go!
A hard review to write:  The food may be good, even a necessary part of the available cuisine in Philly, but there is one big, never-ending problem with JJH...

They simply do not know how to run a restaurant.

The service is atrocious, the tables are dirty, and the corking fees for wine AND beer are insulting in the BYO age.  This place gives the clear impression that the entire staff are friends and family, but not at all in homey, charming way.

There are enough reviews spelling out one bad experience after another here, and I have had several myself (yes, I keep going back for more, but sometimes nothing but Jerk Chicken will do and what else is a boy to do?), so I won't bore y'all with my tales of woe.  Suffice it to say that their problems have persisted unchanged for years.

So I'm not saying people shouldn't go to JJH... in fact I think you kinda have to.  I'm just hoping that the proprietors might actually take heart to these complaints and finally make the decision to fix what needs to be fixed and take JJH to the level it (and Philadelphia, frankly) deserves.
I had a wonderful time here on a beautiful, picture perfect Friday night. 
First, there are a few things we need to discuss to insure you have a great time at the Jamaican Jerk Hut. 

1. It's way more fun when you show up with a large crowd. 

2. Prepare yourself to be nickel & dimed too death (corkage fee on all bottles including beer and an entertainment fee-$3 per person for a D.J.?) 

3. Half of the servers are so young, their breath smells like Carnation Milk, the other half are extremely defensive, they endure the brunt of the abuse from the customers that are pissed about all the charges. 

4. Don't fuss around with a gang of wine bottles, we brought a half gallon of rum AND vodka. 

5 This is not your typical Philly eatery-enjoy yourself! Laugh out loud, smoke a cigar, make every toast a hardy pirate version, get up and dance, share your rum with the tables around you, or just find someone and lay on the grass! 

The food is decent, but the portions are a little too skimpy for me. All and All we had a loud college years kind of experience and I told the hostess on the way out, "Me come soon".
I have to agree with the selected "one" star review above, and add that that in my year or so in Philadelphia, this was my worst eating experience so far.  

   My wife and I walked by on a beautiful night and could not resist the prospect of a delicious jerk meal under the moonlight with soft reggae - but be warned - that prospect does not exist here. 
   This is a tourist trap disguised as a restaurant in Philly.  All of the things you might hate about tourist traps - bad service, faked local charm, sub par food, ridiculous prices, and a general sense that you have just been suckered are in full swing here.  I really wanted to like this place, and tried with all of the patiences that I could possibly summon to look past all of the negative, but I just could not.  I really don't want to go into the details surrounding this experience because it just makes me mad.  Rather, I will focus my energies into crafting this review as a general "trust me" this place is no good. 

Like I said earlier, this is so far, the worst dining experience I have had in Philly.
So we went to Jamaican Jerk Hut last night. Now, this place has gotten some hype from my friends so I went in with some high expectations...

First things first: It took a good while for the waiter to come and take our order. When he got there though, he was really attentive and quite friendly. We all liked him.

Second: Orders taken and we are chillin. The outdoor grassy seating was tops. We had a big table full of people, something like 10 or 13 heads or something. Waiter dude comes out with two heaping plates of awesome veggie, chicken, and beef patties. ON THE HOUSE!!!1111!1 Rock. So Rock. 

Third: The foods come out. It took a while, but we totally didn't mind. This place oozes ambiance and the Jamaican patties certainly pacified us. Anyway, back to the food.

Things I tried - 

Jerk Chicken Roti - Delicious. Seriously, this thing is HUGE. Tasted great. A challenge to eat without getting your hands dirty so get over it.

Jerk Red Snapper -  A little bit dry, a lot a bit flavorful. Seriously, I wish it were a little "juicier", but it came on a bed of snauce and there was so much flavor in it I got over it.

Spicy Jerk Chicken Salad - WOWOWOWOWOW!!! This is a cold salad that has enough heat in it to melt an ice cap. It was amazing. 

Veggie Pattie - Yum. Reminded me of a pikora 

Chicken Pattie  - Yum again. 

Beef Pattie - Yum. Less greasy than the ones you get from the chicken shops around the city, and the dough taste fresh.

Now, my experience here was great. I loved the service, even if it was a tad slow. I enjoyed everything I tried too. BUT. Yes, there is a but....

A Roti is basically a Jamaican burrito. Why, oh why, would you put meat still on the bone in a burrito? I must of crunched 1000 little shards of chicken bone. I got over it because of the whole Jamaican authenticoness thing. But I almost didn't enjoy my food because of it. Jerk Hut folks. Take the meat off the bone. Just do it. 

Lastly: Price. Over-priced. Also, a cork fee for beer? C'mon now. That shart is wak. 

The food was great, the ambiance was awesome, our waiter rocked, but I cant get behind how expensive this restaurant is. 

Cheers*
Look at that.  I actually went under three stars. This place merits the changing of my standards, and I'll tell you why. I went here for my roommate's birthday with 10 others (two are fellow Yelpers-  let's call them Kevin W.  and George R -note, names have not been changed to protect the guilty). This is how the night went.

7:00- We get seated, our server introduces herself, takes drink orders. (I would like to add that she forgot the one order for a drink, which was a soda, until after the food came out, two hours later).
7:45-  George R. turns to me and says, "So, I guess there are going to be a lot of new reviews for this place, tomorrow.  I know what I'm going to write."
8:15- Kevin W. shouts down the table to me (he hadn't heard what George R. said), "I know what I'm going to write.  How 'bout you?"

We all had something bad on our minds. For several reasons.  The service was terrible.  The prices are uncalled for. And the service was terrible.   Granted, we were a large party and two people were 30 minutes late, but it took the server over an hour to show up to take our orders (after the initial introduction and poor drink order).  That means we spent over 30 minutes actively craning our necks looking for her to no avail. 

Besides disappearing and making us wait forever, our server forgot my soup and charged us for an appetizer that she wasn't supposed to bring out and said she wouldn't charge us for.  

Also, they ran out of several of the foods that were ordered but didn't tell us until 30 minutes after we ordered them.  Twice.  That's right.  I ordered something, 30 minutes later had to order something new, and then 30 minutes later was forced to order something new. 

Besides the poor service, the atmosphere could really use a revamping.  It's one thing to joke about "Jamaican service" while you're eating at a Jamaican restaurant.  It's another thing entirely when that slow service gets in the way of enjoying a nice meal.
As an individual with West Indian roots, I feel like my judgment is a lot more critical when I try Caribbean restaurants. I've been to Jamaican Jerk Hut on multiple occasions and I was always disappointed with the food. 

Jamaicans are supposed to reign supreme when it comes to jerk chicken. Well, not at Jerk Hut. Rather than get authentic jerk chicken, you end up with what seems like baked chicken with a bbq-style sauce that they claim is jerk sauce. I can deal with it as I've come to realize that's how most places in the U.S. have been doing it for a while; however, this was not good at all. The cabbage was okay, but the rice and peas was extremely dry. 

Overall, I will never eat at Jerk Hut again. It does not seem to be authentic Jamaican food. If you want real Jamaican food and you happen to be in Brooklyn, NY, hit me up and I can give you some places.
I came here with a party of 9, we got seated in their outdoor patio section and started drinking from the case of beer we brought with us and with the pitchers of mixers they provided for us.

We waited and waited to get our food order taken, it was a Saturday night and since we were drinking it didn't bother us too much.  The alcohol ran out eventually and we still hadn't been asked what we wanted to order(about a hour and 45 minutes had passed since we sat down).

We decided to finally get up and leave since we were still hungry, one of us wanted to inform the waitstaff that we were leaving and was met with this response from a waiter,"hold on a sec, I'll be right with you..."

No thanks, since we had a much better meal in Chinatown that night...
Years ago this place was much different.. now you have all this bone in your platter, and the prices are ridiculous. I can definitely agree with people about the service... its terrible. The people roll their eyes, and don't hide at all they're anger that you even exist. I just go once in a extremely blue moon for take out bc they're curry isn't super spicy like some places.. the quality isn't as good as it used to be though. I'd say, save your money for elsewhere on South st.
Oh and the bathroom is around the block... how ridiculous! That should be illegal for a restaurant. I wash my hands before I eat, and i have to travel around the block and reenter the restaurant, by that time I'm contaminated again!!!
I understand why the reviews are a bit scattered for this place....

Pros:
hot delicious food
BYOB
convenient location

Cons:
small portions
pricier than you'd expect
service is meh

Honestly, the menu prices should complement the actual interior and dining experience of the restaurant.  This place LOOKS cheap at first glance-- but definitely doesn't have hole-in-the-wall pricing...but you get the hole-in-the-wall service and experience.... capeesh?  Worth a visit though.
For about a month after going to the Jamaican Jerk Hut, I felt physically sick when I heard reggae.   I wish I were kidding, but I really disliked the food that much.

Our table (a large party) paid an "entertainment fee" to listen to bad live music.  We were also charged a corking fee for every bottle of wine and 6-pack of beer--even though we brought our own opener and the waiter never actually opened anything.  If you want to charge for alcohol, please get a liquor license.  

Service was abysmal.  They mixed up our food orders and it took close to an hour and a half to get our food.

The only plus I can think of is that they have outdoor seating, which meant smokers could smoke their little lungs out while waiting an hour and a half for the food to arrive.
I had such a good memory of that place... and yes, I'm giving it 2-stars for the outdoor patio and the band (although they're charging $3.00/head for "entertainment") and the general fun atmosphere...

But the rest... Seriously? We had a reservation for 10 people and the place was decently busy, but not to a craze... I've never experienced anything like that... We ordered a bunch a of appetizers to share, some bread and entrees for each one of us.

Some appetizers came first (about an hour or so later) as well as 2 of the entrees, then (about another 1/2 hour later, when the first 2 people had finished their entrees) came a few more appetizers, and a few more entrees (but not all of them)... about over 2-hours into the meal, we decided to cancel the missing entrees... and that's when they brought the bread! Oh, and did I mention that we had to fight the check for items that were charged and never brought to the table...

The waitress was nice, but totally clueless and ended-up dropping some jerk sauce all over my friend, with barely an apology.
As for the food... It was merely ok. Nothing to rave about.

One of the worst restaurant experience ever... And it's such a shame, because with a little bit of common sense, and restaurant management skills, this place could be a jewel.
I use to make the 30-40min drive to come here for dinner. I've been coming for about 10yrs now. I use to crave this food, so delicious!!! But the last few visits haven't been great. The food isn't the same and the service is not what it use to be, its hit or miss. We spend alot of money when we go out to dinner because we order our appetizers, drinks, dinners and desserts then always order more to take home if it's good. But I'm not willing to give my money or travel time if a restaurant is not willing to give me good customer service!
Ok so I read reviews, I've eaten her a couple years back and before that, I ate here often even before the movie and Triple D. 

I've been to Jamaica quite a few times, in-fact in the recent 2 years 4-Times. I even got married Montego Bay last year and had our Honeymoon in Ochi. With that... here:

My anniversary was Yesterday April 27th. Since the quarantine is in effect, we couldn't go anywhere. I wanted to surprise my wife with Jamaican food and bring back the islands home.

When I called, The person who answered was very nice and pleasant. Iv'e read otherwise. What I say about that is, everyone is human and can have their bad days. I've worked in hospitality and sometimes you have bad days and you don't know what its like for the person, personally. you don't know whats going on in their own life. it happens.

On the food. I ordered Curry Chicken and Jerk wings. As I mentioned I been to Jamaica numerous times. The food was exceptional, even better than some places I've had in Jamaica, no kidding. There's a place in Jamaica called Scotchies in Jamaica and I have to say Jerk Hut is pretty damn good. I'll probably get some flack for this but hey, my taste has been to many, even Pier 1 in Montego Bay.

Thank you Jerk Hut for making the best of our Island experience come home to an anniversary dinner. We even had some Red Strip too to go with it, NO Jerk Hut doesn't supply this, I bought it elsewhere, just made the whole experience come together.
Just noticing a review trend on this place, it appears that after July 2007, something happened in their kitchen or management that has led to a precipitous decline in quality.

There is not more that I can add to Jenna C.'s review, but I'll throw in my two cents.

The chicken was highly spicy (jerk-style), but the meat was incredibly dry.  The extras that came with it were bland and not worth the price.  Service is outrageously slow when sitting outside.  The servers have no concept of time whatsoever.  I felt like our party of people was on candid-camera waiting to see how long it would be before someone cracked.  At one point, I got up and fixed the CD that was skipping.  The rest of the patrons thanked me for my service.

The exterior seating areas are mostly in the dark and set in the grass.  There were stray cats walking around in the yard and on the raised platform under the canopy where our party was sitting.  They were cute and definitely made you feel like you were eating on the islands.

In my opinion, the Jerk Hut, when it started, was probably a quaint little storefront restaurant that would attract locals who wanted a taste of Jamaican food.  But, due to popularity, the restaurant has outgrown its britches and has neither the staff, management, nor consistent quality of food to sustain itself.

This restaurant needs an overhaul and I  have no interest to return here until they change their ways.
I have two pieces of advice when it comes to the Jamaican Jerk Hut: 
1. Do not come with people who are starving and grumpy. They will become a huge annoyance to you and everyone else in your party if you come here.
 The thing about JJH is that the service is slooowww. It's no secret. You will be here for a very, very long time. You will feel ignored. You will be on the verge of tears by the time you order.  Bring a snack. Or eat before you come and then by the time your food has actually arrived you won't be tearing out your hair in hunger and confusion. Trust me, I've been there. 
2. Expect to spend a lot more money than you think. 
When I first walked by this place I thought it would be a great spot to host the birthday dinner of one of my friends. We could sit outside, listen to free live music and eat some good, cheap Jamaican food. The only true thing about that previous statement was the eating al fresco. Because there was music we had to pay an entertainment fee even though the band played for a very small portion of the time we were there (which was a pretty long time). There's also a corkage fee if you bring your own alcohol. Uhh...what? And the food...it ain't cheap. It was good though. I got the classic chicken curry and it was seriously phenomenal. And there was some spicy salad my friend ordered and that was bangin, too.

I wish I had known these things before I went, I would have enjoyed my time there soo much more. I'll probably go again but I definitely will eat something beforehand.
Get up, stand up!

This place needs to be playing Bob Marley on a nonstop loop, first of all.

Went here last night after a delirious Phillies win. Service was quick, however the food-delivery part was agonizingly slow. Took 45+ minutes to finally order and get the food. Got the Jerk Chicken platter.. it was phenomenal. Not overly hot, but spicy enough to get your attn. 

Hear they have an outdoor patio, alas not open. I'd call in your order and get it to go, or try lunch when prices are cheaper. Food is worth hitting again fo sho
When I went the Jamaican Jerk Hut, it was for a very specific purpose.  We had two vegetarians, wanted to BYOB, and wanted a place that isn't too expensive.

The Jerk Hut is cheap for a reason.  Service includes you ordering at a counter, and waiting around for one of the two employees to take the order.  It's not that they were being lazy, the phone was ringing off the hook, even on a Monday.  Inside, there is a few seats.  They were working on a large outdoor patio in the back, which I can only imagine is perfect on summer nights.

Besides reagge playing, there isn't much of an ambiance.  We saw three ants crawling on the counter when we were paying.  So why go to a place with basic service and little atmosphere?

It's the food.  I had the jerk chicken, and it was the most amazingly flavored piece of meat I've had in recent memory.  My friends also seemed to enjoy their dishes.  The side of plantains I ordered perfectly complimented my meal.  Honestly, I would recommend this place for takeout, especially if you can't eat outside.  The good tastes good enough to overcome what the restaurant lacks otherwise.
Was a waste of time and money. They are one of the worst Jamaican food I ever had other than Jamaica Ds. I don't understand why they have awards for this place. Maybe they use to be good. I order oxtail, jerk shrimp,Mac and cheese, and jerk chicken. The oxtail were very hard and the flavor was bad it probably was old the sauce was not fresh and it was sleep up on the plate. All they did was add browning to the meat. The plantains was the worst I had in my entire life it was not sweet it was hard and over cooked they didn't use a ripened plantain. The jerk chicken tasted old the jerk sauce was pure pepper. I know you hear chopping in the back but that's not what your getting.I know Jamaican food is usually spicy but this was not enjoyable spicy. It's nothing wrong with spice but damn they over did it. The Mac and cheese was so so nasty. First of all it was like they used the cheap blue box of Mac and cheese and than it must have been old because the noodles were all broken up like it was giving trouble coming out the pot. I even saw the lady scraping up something when the curtain blocking the kitchen from the counter was drawn away for a brief moment. My daughter did not even want it after she had her first taste. I wish I didn't eat I already had a bad feeling about it when I saw it. The jerk shrimp was not jumbo as stated and it was just drowning in jerk sauce that was overly spicy and they were very small like they were over cooked or just very small shrimp on white bread. We needed a lot of water and overall I think we had left overs and or maybe they just had a bad cook. I will never return to this place
Ordered take out. The woman said, it's going to take a half an hour because we need to cook some rice.  IT WAS 6pm. why didn't they already have riced cooked? 

I got the jerk chicken. It was just ok. Very spicy, bu the chicken was kind of dry.

I  really want to give this place a better review for some reason (maybe I just love Jamaican food!), but the food and service were bad!
Is Jamaican Jerk Hut the name of the restaurant or the description of the counter girl? I've never met a more joyless and angry person in the hospitality industry. 
I walked into a completely empty place around dinner time. There's a grotto area next door that was hopping! Such a surprise that there's no overflow from the huge crowd to sample the place Guy Fieri visited. I know why the place is empty, it's the poor attitude of the woman behind the counter. 
No cold bottled water???? That's silly it the Hughes margin item any takeout place can sell. The ginger beer was horrible! Absolutely horrible. I ordered 2 beef patties and although I found them spicy an Hot they were soggy and greasy. Equally they handed them to me in a paper sack I wanted to sit down and eat them. No fork no dish no discussion. 
I asked for a fork and the counter lady rolled her eyes the slowly shuffled into the kitchen so I felt bad so I asked if it was okay to sit and eat, no dish no fork, at least I got a great napkin in my great bag. I ate 1 of the meat pies had 2 sips of the super powerful ginger poison then left on foot chucking the rest of my order in the first trash can I saw. 
One thing I noticed in the nearly 400 diners drive ins and dives joints I've visited all over the USA that is the ones that prominently display the poster are usually the worst places. 
Every other Jamaican place I've been to was filled with happy creative pleasant people. This place is operated by a bitter angry person bringing any joy the cooking can never overcome.
So I was at the PHS beer garden at 12:30 on a Sunday. The Jerk Hut sign says it opens at noon. It wasn't until 2:30 that they actually did open. 

This place has been given the ultimate gift by having the beer garden outside their window and they're not taking advantage of it. When I did finally get my food, it was just ok- nothing to really write home about. The chicken curry was more bland than other island based curries I had. 

They also did something that miffed me...I ordered my food and then gave the cashier my credit card, she handed it off to another employee who walked away and I just stood there confused. She looks at me and says, "Your food will be ready in 5 minutes" and I had to say, "Can I please have my card back?" "Oh yeah, when you get your food." "No. I'd like it back now please." And I had to wait a few minutes to get it back. I understand if the register is in the front of the restaurant, but taking that long- conceivably until my food was ready, if I didn't press- with my credit card is off putting. What are you doing with it? Honestly, I'm just going to stick with cash and just eat at the food trucks at the beer garden. Sorry Jamaican Jerk Hut- you've made too many mistakes.
Screw these people complaining about the service... it's like a chinese take out place but with Jamaican food!!! Been here a few times and loved it every time. I get the Jerk chicken platter, damn I'm so full after each time. I always want to try something different, but can't resist the jerk chicken when I smell it!!

I'm definitely a noob when it comes to Jamaican food, but their jerk sauce is close to my Jamaican friend's jerk sauce.
The only good thing was the okra with rice.  Okay, now that I have that out of the way- My introduction to the Jamaican Jerk Hut was as part of a required social gathering.  It was very stormy that evening (we're talking wrath of God) and we had wisely chosen the outdoor seating.  Despite the hailstones and fear of electrocution, we were hopeful for the best of evenings.  Unfortunately, the service was almost rudely slow and very inconsistent.  Despite the fact that our party comprised at least 75% of the customers present, it took 30-45 minutes to get my drink and for us to place our orders.  For some reason, they were seemingly out of every other thing I attempted to order.  I quit counting and tried to mask my irritation with copious amounts of (my own $4 corkage fee) rum , so I have no idea the eons that passed before we received our food.  The juice was stale and overpriced.  The tortilla of my $11 pseudo-roti had the weird taste of post-freezerburn thaw.  The staff insisted on playing this boombox that kept cutting out and skipping, further adding to the ambiance.  And to add insult to the injury of endless waiting and mostly mediocre food, I was forced to pay my mandatory 20% on top of my already unjustly steep bill.  Never again, Jerk Hut.
When I had the craving for Jamaican food , I was yelping away and came upon this place . The jerk chicken and pattie was very good . The rice was a little on the plain side . I've had better and plantain was very dried . It wasn't good at all . For the portion of food it's not worth it . My boyfriend agree as well . 

As far as customer service not good at all . I had called ahead of time to asked if they had a certain item on their menu , the girl that answered wasn't very pleasant . She just explained what they had for their jerk chicken platter and then hangs up the phone . Very rude . So I won't be returning .
Bad day for the Jamaican Jerk Hut last Saturday .    Not only were they incredibly slow,  (2 1/2 hours it took to let us know that there was no more curry chicken left)  apparently there was a party going on in the back of the restaurant approx. 22 guests.  One server to take care of the party goers and the restaurant patrons. When the manager finally did appear, we called him to our table and told him how long we waited .  He said that an employee called out sick.  The waitress lied to the manager and said that she thought we had eaten already, Lies, lies. Bad management and staff decisions. No communication to the customers.   If you are looking for a good Jamaican restaurant, go to Rio Cobre or the Caribbean reef both located around 3rd and 4th and South Street.
Seriously awesome, spicy, messy, eat-some-with-your-hands, jerk chicken. 

I got the platter which had chicken, cabbage, rice+beans and a fried plantain all for 9 bucks.

The only reason its not getting 5 stars is that the chicken had tons of hidden bones and i only got 1 slice of plantain.

don't listen to the bombaclats that can't overstand the real jerk! 

Ya Gwon!
Amazingly, tonight was the first time I went to the Jamaican Jerk Hut. Will definitely be returning.

Yes, the service is slow. Yes, there's a corkage fee (per bottle). Yes, the ceiling fans made the lights flicker on the table in a way that if you focused on it you felt like you might have a seizure, but, the staff was friendly (and apologetic for the half-hour wait after the reservation time), the food was amazing, and it just sort of feels like "part of the experience" (particularly if you know about it in advance).

Appetizers: The salt fish appetizer was slightly more dough than fish, though the dipping sauce it came with was fantastic. The cornbread was good: denser than what I'm used to (my favorite remains the Silver Palate Cookbook's recipe). The beef patties were tasty.

Main course: Asked the server for the favorites and was told: (1) jerk chicken, (2) curry goat, and (3) oxtail stew. Went for the jerk chicken, even though the mango chicken and the curry chicken were calling my name. Was superbly happy I requested the jerk sauce on the side as it's burn-your-face-off spicy! Adored the dirty rice, which has, on its own, a slow build-up of spice. The cabbage-based salad was pretty good, but those fried plantains pulled the place together: cutting the spice and coating one's tongue with a slightly protective film.
First off, I rarely if ever give a 1 star rating but this place needs to stop selling food.  We put in a take out order instead of delivery, instead of using a delivery service because we know how much those services take from the restaurant. We also paid in cash because we know how much credit card companies take and at the end all, small restaurants need all the support we can give them.  

This restaurant was very very disappointing. Placed the order at 628 and picked up around 645 ish. Drove no more than 10 minutes and brought it home.  The food looked pretty good. We were so excited to try Jamaican food in Philly since it was raved about by someone in a food group.  Needless to say, the food was horrible.  Rice was completely dried out, Roti was crusty and dry, chicken was sawdust dry, and the jerk chicken didnt come with the sauce.  Btw, when I went to pick up, they assured me there was sauce because I asked about the sauce since it is a must.  The cashier even said in a very cool Jamaican accent, "I made it myself so tell me what you think."  A lady stepped out of the curtain and I told her we were planning to film the food a little for our channel.  The first call I made was to tell them they had forgotten the sauce for the Jerk chicken in which they said, "Sorry."

The second time I called was about 10 minutes later when we actually tasted all the food. All if it tasted like food that had been sitting out for a while day in a cafeteria steam table.  Cold to lukewarm, dried out, and just unpleasant. The lady who answered also explained to us the food was prepared fresh..... this morning. We wanted to put this food on our channel so recorded it all. 

Going back today to try to get compensated.. because we had to walk out in the rain to a nearby chicken place to get take out from Halal Crown. It was a very sad night.
Ignoring all previous reviews a coworker of mine recommended the food here even though he said they were a little rude but anyway I decided to give them a try and order when my huge Caribbean family came in from NY and we don't have many options for carribean cuisine in Philly as we do in NY... Before I could even order I called in to ask about online ordering... Long story short it's not worth it to me.. The staff or whoever is answering the phone for that matter is extremely rude and unaccomadating so I would never therefore afterwards, experiencing the way they speak to customers, give them my hard earned money.. We didn't want to go out to eat but we will be headed To reefs lounge were they treat their customers respectfully.

BTW + in my household we order food pretty much everyday between my husband and my work schedule and of course we don't always have a wonderful experience but I've never signed up for yelp to leave a review given the issues We've had . I came on here to specifically leave this review. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone
I tried to love this place but their vegetarian dishes are TERRIBLE. I've tried the ital stew and the spinach and groundnut stew so far. They are both incredibly bland. The veggies in the ital stew were mushy and overdone.  When I told the waitress that the ital stew was bland, she said that it was because it's vegetarian. *pause* what? I've had plenty of vegetarian Jamaican food that was flavorful. Avoid this place if you're looking for vegetarian dishes and walk down to Caribbean Delight. They do a much better job.
Oh. My. H**y. God. Worst service in the history of eating. Our party of four got there around 6:00 on a Friday and didn't leave until almost 9:00, and not because we were having so much fun that we didn't want to leave. It took almost 30 minutes to get someone to pay attention to us, and then after getting our orders, it was almost an hour before we got our food. The food was relative decent, good spicing on the chicken, but the outrageous price is not in line with the quality. It took 30 -40 minutes to get someone to drop, pick up and bring back the check. 

We watched one group of four place an order, and then get up to leave as their patience didn't hold. For the quality of food versus the price, I wish we had gotten up as well. 

Very, very disappointing. Nice enough wait staff, at least we didn't get attitude to go along with the neglect, but highly disorganized. The only thing that could get me to return is a massive renovation to expand the kitchen, or limit the amount of seating. You can't have seating for 100 people and a kitchen for 10.
Well, I don't mean to be rude in any way. This place had a friendly server, fairly quick service, and lots of great outdoor seating if I'd wanted to sit there. I got a large jerk chicken platter, which was covered in a delicious, almost teriyaki-ish sauce and came with plantains (mmmmmm, plantains),

But in all honesty, I've become a regular customer at Gigi & Big R's, in University City or by 30th Street Station. If you've ever eaten there, you'll probably understand why I'm bringing them up. Their menu is very similar, but their meals are bigger, cheaper, and fall-off-the-bone tender. If you're on South Street and you have a craving for spicy food, Jamaican Jerk Hut will do - but I'd recommend you man up and take a walk to try the real deal.
First let me state that I am from the islands, so I have a certain standard that has to be met.

I went to Jamaican Jerk Hut and had a goat roti.  I thought it was OK.  The roti was a little on the dry side, so the dahl puri was falling out of it.  The curry goat had a little too much potato and not enough of a kick to the curry.  If I need another fix, and can't wait to get to Brooklyn, I will go back.  I wanted to try the meat patties, but they were out.

Service was not bad.  He wasn't the most attentive, but he did his job.  I find that it served as a quick fix.
This place is the pits. I went there with a medium-sized party (with reservations) and sat outside. The waitress screwed up nearly everyone's orders, the service took more than an hour (not counting the time AFTER we got the wrong foods it took for her to get the people who even cared to wait longer their correct orders), and the stuff we were told was "spicy" was fairly mild. My spice-phobic friends ordered a green salad, which they were not warned (but told afterward by the waitress) is "the spiciest thing on the menu." We were charged an entertainment fee and a BYO fee PER PERSON for them to give us a bottle opener. All in all, possibly the worst dining experience I've had in Philly.
No doubt that Jamaican Jerk Hut is too expensive for what it is, but I also got some of the best jerk chicken I've had here.

It's a dinky looking place on the inside with wobbly tables, kids screaming, and crappy TV on, yet they're charging $15 for a plate of jerk chicken with rice, two pieces of plantains, and a little slaw. Essentially the equivalent of a BBQ joint charging $15 for a pulled pork sandwich and fries, it just doesn't make sense.

That said, my chicken was moist, super spicy (exactly how I like my jerk chicken), and had me cleaning the bones by the end of my meal. Wish they were a bit more generous with the sides. BYOB is a nice perk to save a few bucks on drinks at least. 

We didn't have any issues with service, but we were also there for dinner on a Tuesday night, so it may have been less busy than usual.

Wouldn't go back unless I was really craving jerk, although I'd imagine I can probably find a better/cheaper place to hit the spot instead.
Yeah, um, this place is not good.  It smells phenomenal and it definately gets you salivating, but it just lets you down in the end.  

I knew I should've worried when there were no prices featured on their menu board, but I ordered away.  I got a large stew of some sort (vegetarian) and a Jamaican grapefruit soda.  It cost almost $20.

The stew came with coconut seasoned rice and the flavor was passable, but the portion was not nearly large enough to justify the cost.  And although the food was decent it was far from anything special and not something I couldn't make at home given the opportunity to take some root vegetables and some squash and cook the shit out of them until they're as mushy as baby food and throw them over some rice and beans cooked with coconut milk.  

Save your money.
This place is a gem.

I've been here several times with a livingsocial deal, which really makes it worth it. 

I've had the patties, curry goat, curry chicken, and jerk chicken. the jerk chicken will melt your face off. it is SERIOUSLY spicy! but it's delicious. The curry is also amazing and you get a decent portion with rice, veggies, and plaintains.

In the summer they have a big outdoor area.

And In her Shoes was Filmed here.

Did I mention it's BYOB- dealmaker.

The service is kindof slow...but I think it gives it character.
BEWARE!!!HORRIBLE SERVICE HERE!!!! The tyrant who answered the phone was extremely rude and unaccommodating when asked for address clarification. With the help of our navigation system we were able to locate the restaurant. We were excited to find some Jamaican food only to then be greeted by two unprofessional women who greeted us by SHOUTING in an aggressive tone "dining in or taking out". When you are in a business to provide service, it is expected not to be requested. My party I immediately departed the restaurant.
My boyfriend and I came to this restaurant based on "Guy" from the show "diners,driveways and dives". (Who came here)..Horrible decision. First off no customer bathroom ! The worker instructed us to a bathroom 3 blocks away . Food was your typical Jamaican food . Nothing spectacular or anything to stand out . I ordered the curry goat roti which was a regular taste but too spicy ! My boyfriend ordered the jerk beast platter with rice and cabbage which was also regular and spicy . Price was pretty expensive for your average "Mom & pop" small Jamaican restaurant.. parking is horrible . But once again we caught a Lyft from our hotel .
I ordered the jerk chicken drumstick/thigh platter from uber eats despite the less than stellar reviews. The chicken did not taste half bad and was similar in taste to jerk chicken I've had in the past. The spices and jerk sauce were good and the meat well marinated.

However what I did not expect was that my chicken was butchered up into pieces. I don't think I even got a drumstick and thigh like I ordered. There was small pieces of chicken rib cage bone every where in my platter. I'm Chinese and I'm used to having bone left intact in my meat dishes but the amount of bone pieces in my platter here was unacceptable even for my standards. Every bite of chicken and rice I took, I had to spit out a little bone splinter.

Never again.
This place used to be incredible but has really fallen apart in every way. Super disappointing. They have an opportunity to do something great with the beer garden next door, but they completely disregard it. The service window at the beer garden is always open but no one is ever there. If you manage to place an order, good luck ever actually receiving it. Truly atrocious. Get your act together or move on.
Normally if Guy Fieri is a fan, I am too. I've been dying to check this place out, but wanted to wait for the weather to get nice. Great place for outside dining. Feels very authentic sitting on patio furniture in a empty lot, didn't feel like I was dining on South street in Philadelphia. 

If you come here with the expectation of fancy food you will be disappointed. I was surprised the food wasn't on paper plates and they served us actual wine glasses. The food is super authentic! The Jamaican patties were definitely homemade and super flaky. Go for the vegetarian one was the best of the three! We also had a half platter of jerk chicken, wasn't as spicy as I expected it to be, but definitely woke up my taste buds.  HUGE platter enough for two and served with brown rice and black beans, cabbage slaw, and friend plantains. We also go the whole steamed fish topped with okra. The bone in gave it a lot of flavor. Can't wait to come back and try the roti. This is a great place for large groups wanting to dine outside. BYO is a great addition!
I can attest to the poor customer service that other yelpers have mentioned. The lady at the counter seemed like being in the restaurant was the last place she wanted to be in. It was a Sunday afternoon- not busy as it was past the lunch rush- yet she had no hospitality. I asked about the jerk shrimp and she said it will take a while. Judging by the way she said it- I felt like she'd rather have me order something else than cook a fresh batch. I also asked for a side of plantains, but she said I already get something in the platter. You would think she'd be happy with me ordering more good for the business. Two slices of plantains was all I got. 

I ordered oxtails and goat to go. I've been to other Jamaican restaurants in the city, and their large size is another ones small. Small portions for the price. The goat was tough but the oxtails were tender. The rice and beans was good. 

Overall, if it wasn't for the convenience of the location of getting food on the way home, I wouldn't go back.
I'm very thankful for Groupon opening my eyes to this place with a $15 for $30 deal. I've walked by the place a bunch of times, but never went in until the other day. 

This place is SMALL. I mean, very small. When we walked in, we took the table by the window and were greeted by a wonderful waiter! He was personable, polite, funny and didn't mind answering our tons of questions about the menu. I greatly appreciated his warning that their jerk sauce is quite spicy because I was thinking of getting that, but too much spice is not for me. He explained everything about the different platters and his descriptions were spot-on based on what we ordered. 

I've read other reviews saying that the food took a while. It wasn't the fastest, but I don't mind because that tells me that our food is being made fresh. Plus, it's a BYOB so we had a couple beers while we chatted and waited. It was well worth the wait.

Our table split the jerk wings, which were delicious! If you love spicy food, the jerk sauce is for you. For someone like me who can't handle as much spice, the wings were a perfect chance to taste the flavors of the sauce without burning my entire mouth up. 

We each ordered different things so we could share. One of us got the jerk chicken which came with cabbage (delicious), rice and beans, and friend plantains. The chicken was tender and the sides were a perfect compliment. Another entree was the Brown Stew chicken with the same sides. This meat was served with more of a gravy, which was thick and very flavorful. The last entree we tried was the Dunn's River BBQ Chicken which was my personal favorite. Again, the meat was tender but this time it was served with a sauce that was a unique blend of sweetness, BBQ and spices. I pretty much licked my plate clean. This platter came with greens and corn bread. I thought the corn bread was ok, but the greens were delicious. Meat-free and very flavorful, I'm usually not a huge greens fan but I loved this in combo with the chicken. 

I thought this place had great service, great atmosphere and GREAT food. We will definitely be going back soon.
My boyfriend and I went here since it was on one of our Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives list.  It is very small inside, which definitely meets the criteria to be on that show!  Don't let the size of the place throw you off, the food is delicious! 

We ordered what Guy ordered when he visited.  We had the jerk chicken dinner platter and the chicken roti. I was surprised with how much I liked the roti! I never had anything like that in my life, it's so full of flavor and portions were huge for both. The jerk chicken definitely had a decent spice level to it so I couldn't eat a ton of it personally, but it had good flavor and my boyfriend loved it. 

It's a unique place in Philadelphia. Even if Jamaican food isn't "your thing" I would say give it a try on a night you're feeling adventurous, you'll be happy you did.
Awesome!!  If you like spicy, jamaican food with some good raggae in the back ground, this is the place to be!  Went there last night and had the jerk chicken and my wife had the chicken curry.  Despite the heat from the jerk chicken, I couldn't stop eating until there was nothing left.

Now, with that being said, it was a little pricey.  If you are looking for jamaican done cheap, head up east on South and check out Carribean Delight (also good food) but I would seriously recommend that you pay the premium for here.

Good atmosphere, friendly wait staff and awesome food.  Would definitely recommend this place!
After waiting 25 min for a server to take our drink order ... I got up and went to the take out counter to place my entire dine-in order. How were they acting  "slammed" in a place with 10 tables - of which only two others were occupied? I watched a couple leave due to the lack of acknowledgement, then a party of three leave for the same reason. If it weren't a Living Social coupon that required "dine in only" , I would have left too!

Foodwise, the Jerk was way too spicy. Homemade ginger beer was too sweet. Veggie patties looked like the frozen kind. The curried chicken saved them from a 1 STAR rating. I wish I could say the food was worth the wait. Nope. Next!
Got the curry chicken, mixed rice, jerk wings, and snapper. I was craving hard for Caribbean food, tried it here, satisfied the craving but was not great. The servers are nice. But the food was mediocre for the high price they charge. Prob won't be back.
i'm sorry. i want to like this place, i really do. the servers are awesome and so is the decor, especially on a summer night. 

but the food...meh, not so hot. the only thing i've ever found good was the veggie stew wrapped in bread-ish goodness. the meat is always fatty and a little. though i could live on plantains. but the forays out of veggie/fruit world here have left me leaving a full plate to give to my housemates.
This is especially hard for me to say as a Jamaican American.  I've been to this place a number of times and each time they seem to disappoint in a new way.    During my most recent visit, I hoped to satisfy my urge for a Beef Patty and Coco Bread in timely manner. But that was not to be the case.  It took 30 minutes for my order to get to me. 30 MINUTES!!!! I can understand if the place was packed but it wasn't.  30 minutes is far too long for an entree to reach the table let alone an appetizer of this small size.  

As, I said before Im a Jamaican American who has been eating Patty's and Coco Bread since I can remember, about the same time most people here in America remember eating there 1st chicken nugget from Mc Donalds.  Never have I eaten a Beef Patty and Coco bread sliced into thirds.  When we questioned the server about the way the meal was presented to us, he nervously explained that is the manner in which the cook "makes" it.  In the back of my mind makes beans taken out of the Tower Isle box from the frozen food section placed in an oven and then on to a plate.  

I get the sneaking suspicion that this cook sliced the patties to avoid from giving me the correct amount of patties I had asked for.  This was the case for my friend who happened to order more patties than I did.

This was the last time I will give the Jerk Hut my business.
I am only giving this place 3 Stars the prices are high they charge 9.00 for four wing pieces that seems like a rip off to me. The other food was simply okay. I will not be coming back
A few Saturday mornings ago, after walking around the city for a few hours in beautiful weather, my friend and I basically knocked the door down to eat here at exactly 11am. We were greeted cheerfully by the super nice woman working there and placed our orders for 2 platters- jerk chicken and chicken curry.  Both were very tasty although not the amazingness that I expected.  What was amazing though was the fresh juice- the orange/mango was the perfect combo....perfectly cut the thickness of straight up mango juice.   Besides 2 teenagers snuggling up over a shared jerk platter,  we were the only ones in the place and thus free to enjoy our meal to the sweet sweet sounds of reggae music on the radio and CNN on the television.
I went here with my mother,  a native Jamaican. She ordered fish, the snapper I believe. I ordered the jerk chicken, my favorite food on the planet. Her fish came out completely dried out. They didn't have any more fish (???) so they brought her curry chicken.  It was also dry and flavorless. She was very disappointed.  The jerk chicken was fine. Pretty spicy and not too dry. The rice could have been a little softer. Overall, it was an okay meal. Nothing special. Not worth a return visit when there are food carts that are much better.
We went for dinner at 9:00 on a Friday night and didn't leave until 11:30. Service, in the (dark) backyard, was painfully slow.  The stray cats were sharking around our table, unknowing that we didn't have anything to eat.  Fortunately, we took advantage of the BYO policy and made a little concoction of rum and their tasty juices.
Food, when it finally arrived an hour+ later, was good, not great.  The rice and plantains were delish.  
I'd return on a warmer night, earlier in the evening,  or for takeout.
Being from the Caribbean myself I really did not believe the way my beautiful Sunday would end up in the hands of this establishment. The joint has a small store front and outside seating in an adjacent lot. There is live music on Friday and Saturday and the vibe feels good as you are walking up on the place. We ordered the steamed fish and there was a problem substituting white rice for peas and rice. After haggling with the novice waitress who did not know her menu I proceeded to walk over to the cop shop on 13 and Lombard for some light Belgium Ale. I returned and popped the brew and began to chew the fat with my friend. At this point 45 min had passed and we were beginning to  expect the worse. Well the angle of death then proceeded to approach our table and steal the life out of my night. The whole fish which was probably was frozen was now being scaled and it would be another 35min to dine. We were so disappointed and disgusted with the whole experience that we got up and left. You could get better service from two monkeys and a handful of  peanuts. Staff without training, a kitchen without morals and standards and you have the recipe for a great disaster. Go back to formula and start over again and keep this place out of your vocabulary. The night was not a total disaster thanx to Govinda's vegetarian on broad and south. The food was excellent and the staff seemed proud of the food they serve.
I only come here once a year and every time I return, I'm reminded why. After placing our order, we waited for 45 minutes and watched everyone else in the restaurant receive their food. When we went to the counter to ask about our food, they had forgotten about us and asked what had we ordered. We had to wait an additional 15 minutes and the lady at the register tried to make the situation better by offering us a free soda. A free soda?! Really?! After we paid $16 for an hour late of curried chicken, you think a free soda was going to make us feel better? The meal should have been comped. 

Trust me. Save yourself the frustration and go to Caribbean Delight down the block.
7:10pm: Ordered food for delivery. Was told it has to be at least $20 after placing a $15 ordered. Ok. Ordered some cake to bring the total to an acceptable level. I was told that the food will be there in 45min to 1hr. 

8:20pm: Still no delivery and I'm starving. Call them up and the girl says that the delivery guy just left and I should have my food in a couple minutes.

9:20pm: Still no delivery and I get a call from an unknown number. Yes! It's the delivery guy. I'm more hungry than angry so I'm just happy that it's here. I answer and it's the girl from the restaurant. womp-womp. She asked me if I received my food. I told her, "ah... no" and she proceeds to tell me that she can't get the "delivery service guy" on the phone and doesn't know where he's at. Really? I kindly told her that I have to order from somewhere else because its been over 2hrs already. She apologized, however the tone in her voice and her lack of reconciliation made it all seem disingenuous.

I guess first and foremost; Why don't you have a dedicated delivery staff? I find it outright incompetent that you can't make a delivery 4 blocks away from you (FYI: I injured my foot and couldn't walk). The fact that you rely on someone else to handle a job you, as a business, should and could handle in-house is just perplexing. Not only do you have to raise the minimum order amount to cover the service, you also have to deal with, Yelpers like me, telling the world how bad an experience I had with your with your business. 

Maybe in like 5 or 10 years, if this business is still around, I'll stop in and let you know how the food was. Until then, the "Jerk", in their name, has nothing to with the sauce and everything to do with their way of treating customers.
I too only knew about Jamaican Jerk Hut from the movie In Her Shoes, but it WAS worthy of its Hollywood spotlight.  

For those who can't handle spicy jerk chicken, I highly recommend the Brown Stew Chicken.  Not too spicy, tender soft chicken full of flavor.  Our food took longer than we thought (about 20 minutes) for a Tuesday evening at 8 pm, as we had already colored the entire table surface by the time we were served.  

We plan to go back there again and again.  I'm curious about the Okra Run Down.
I wish I knew...we were ignored so we left.  There was a Brazilian band in the adjacent 'garden' so it may have been a little confusing for them.  We checked in and were told that we should order in the front. Then a woman seemed to try to seat us but kind of lost her focus on us.  So we sat and waited.  We checked the menu on line and walked to the front to order from  the server, so I went back.  We waited another 10 minutes but hunger drove us away.  
Oh well, maybe next time...
I don't understand why this place gets such great reviews. If I were to review the smell alone as you walk by I would have to give it five stars. After moving to Philly and walking by it on several occasions I really looked forward to eating there.

Unfortunately that is where the good things i have to say about it end. I ordered a jerk chicken plate and a fanta which I figured had to be safe. It came to just under $20!!! for chicken. On top of that it was awful. So over-cooked and dry it was almost inedible.
Great food! Jerk sauce was off-the-hook, but beware, sauce is created by different people and sometimes can be spicier than others. BYOB so no complaints there but they ran out of ginger beer last time I was there.
Unfortunately, I cannot review this establishment as I have not been yet, nor will I be going. My review has to do with the fact that they are not answering the phone. I called ten times throughout the day, no answer. I checked the website to make sure that I am dialing the wrong number. I am big on customer service and an establishment that does bother to answer their phone is an establishment that I am not interested in patronizing.
I ordered the Okra Stew, it was misrepresented by the description, had no flavor, and was way overpriced: $16. The wait was long and not worth it."
I will admit that the food at "The Hut" can be a little inconsistent.... and yes, the service can be a little slow.... but honestly, there are few places that make me more happy.
The first time I went, a couple of friends and I got there close to closing time... they sat us anyway and we got a pitcher of fresh juice, and a couple of plates of jerk chicken. After our food was served, our server told us that they were closing, but that the owner gave him the keys and that we could stay until we were done. He ended up sitting down with us and shared our rum/juice drinks. 
I love the "undone" atmosphere... the unstressed waitstaff just adds to the relaxed experience. I've never had a bad meal, although sometimes it is a little "thrown together".
This place forces you to slow down and relax.
You can bring your own rum to mix with their fresh squeezed juice.... I love the jerk chicken salad-- one of their most spicy and the curry shrimp are good too.
OK, OK, I will modify my previously harsh review.  As I stated previously, the food here is really good; the jerk is properly SPICY, and it will make you feel like you've entered a Lakota sweat lodge with John Lame Deer.  There have been plenty of upgrades to one of the best outdoor spots in Center City.  There are more outside tables and they are all freshly painted.  There are new bathrooms inside (!!!), and seemingly there are more servers; Ashley took very good care of us.  Sure, the entire operation runs on 'island time' so, by all means, do not go here hungry, or you will start shaking like a cheese-less senior citizen on the bus to Branson.  Bring plenty of beer, kick back, watch the sun set, listen to the reggae music, and eventually, your food will come!
Biggest rip off I've ever experience. The sandwich was 2 buns and 3 tiny pieces of chicken. By tiny, I mean less chicken then what you can hold between your thumb and your index finger. Feel free to eat here but don't be suprised when you walk out angry.
the food is trash worst jamaican food in the city 
don't waste your time and money on this garbage.. i paid $14 for this
I came here with a friend on a Saturday evening because my friend was being a total p and didn't want to wait in line to eat at Percy Street BBQ.

To those complaining about the service, the atmosphere at the Jerk Hut really isn't much different than most other Jamaican restaurants you'll find in the states; if you want prompt and courteous michelin-star service, you'll probably be lucky if you get any semblance of that here.

But here's what you can expect to get at the Jamaican Jerk Hut: anything and everything that walks, crawls, or flies on this dog-made earth can and will be jerked; various types of meat not oft-consumed in the continental United States shall be served in the form of salty curry; ginger will be the law of the land when it comes to "added spice."

I ordered the Jerked Wings and probably should have stopped there--for 8 dollars you get something like 6 or 7 of the most delectable wings you'll get on this end of South Street. It wasn't until I got the Curry Goat and their "homemade" ginger beer that I started having second thoughts about the place; and then I got the 30 somewhat dollar bill for my meal and decided this place probably wasn't worth a repeat visit.

If you do have to eat here for whatsoever reason, just get the Jerked Wings and call it a day; whereas the food here is authentic and pleasing to the palate, Jamaican fare should never ever be this expensive.

Oh and the ginger beer here is a little on the sweet side.
I just ordered a large curry goat with rice and cabbage! The flavor was on point however, I literally had 5-6 small pieces of curry goat-mostly bones, two cups of rice and a large table spoon of cabbage. I spent 20 plus delivery! Shameful! I'll spend my money elsewhere!
Paid $40 for nasty food that is not even enough for two people. I heard her turn on the microwave, to reheat my bland food, then had the THE AUDACITY to not allow me to dine-in. Half of the menu options were not available: will never come back money wasted.
Unable to give a zero so they get 1 Star. Took over an hour to get our food. Food arrived cold. Half of the menu and drinks were unavailable. We had to ask to fill our drinks. Food was bad and left the meal as i was not about to take it home. Unsure how they got on TV based on our experience. Will not come back.
Very Good Food, BUT Very High Price
     Visited my brother in Philly and went here because of the show "D.D.D."  Ordered the Jerk Chicken ($16) and the Oxtail ($18) - both with rice and beans.  Like I said on intro, the food was very good, but I don't think it justifies the price I paid.  
     Now that i've tasted it, it will probably be a once a year order.  I visit Philly once a month, if chicken was priced around $11 and the oxtail around $14, which I believe are more than fair, then this would be a once every 3 months order (4X).  See you next year!
I stayed around the corner from this place and my fiance told me that some movie was filmed here. "In her Shoes"  Never heard of the movie but figured I would check it out because I love Jerk!

The Jerk Chicken did not disappoint at all.  Get the sauce on the side though.  It is a HOT Jerk Sauce.  I also had the fried plantains and they were amazing.  I washed down my flaming mouth with a Jamaican Cream Soda.  I had this when I visited Jamaica and you cannot get it in the US (that I am aware of).  

Now onto the service.  It is super slow and so are the cooks.  I was there alone and it took me over 45 mins to be in and out.  I wasn't in a rush so I had no issue waiting a bit but I can say if you are in a hurry don't go here.
Talk about something or somebody falling off.  First off walked in tried to order they had nothing we wanted in stock no white meat chicken, Not even ginger beer soda. No roti no nothing!!! My wife ordered Jerk Chicken and she said "it's very dry lacking flavor." She said it tasted as if they re-heated the chicken. The rice was dry as well and to top it off they gave her 2 little pieces of plantains on the side that had an aftertaste. It was just an horrible experience from previous visits. We will not be returning.
Jerk chicken is soooo good! Great spice level, fantastic rice & beans, and yummy plantains. Also try the patties and wash it all down with a Ginger Beer.
After watching reruns of Diners, Drive ins, and Dives I stopped by to grab a chicken. I was not impressed. Not only was the card machine conveniently broke, which forced me to use the in-house atm for a fee, the chicken was tired not fresh. The sauce was decent and allowed me to eat most of it instead of making a trip back to return it. I'll stick with Jamaican D's.
Yeah, this hut has great outdoor space. Probably it's only saving grace. I make better jerk chicken and peas and rice. And I'm BAHAMIAN. (if I said "white" it probably would be more emphatic. but, still. just sayin')
Whole foods has better cornbread. And they're WHOLE FOODS. 

The only reason why this place doesn't get one star is because I enjoyed watching my mom dunk her shrimp in her water glass because it was too spicy. And the waitress didn't even flinch. Love it!
I received food that clearly had soap or some sort of cleaner mixed in it (ordered from GrubHub). I called repeatedly throughout the day (3xs) asking for someone to address this issue, leaving my phone number, name and a complaint. I was told that the manager would call me. After waiting all day I called again and was told the manager left and that I would just need to "catch her" when she gets back. Totally unacceptable and disgusting. Thankfully GrubHub is understandable and working with me to get a refund.
BYOB! Needless to say. 
 Great Jamaican food, exotic island flavors.  I recommend the Jerk Wings, they were perhaps the best wings I have ever had. Nothing plain like Buffalo wings (though i like them, too). Cozy place for a casual date.
My partner and I were overall fans of the Jamaican Jerk Hut. Small, quaint place with a long wait - but definitely worth it if you're into some spicy, unique food. Definitely beware that when they say spicy - it means SPICY! I usually like hot wings, but they were over the top a bit for me. My partner loved the heat, though (even though he was sweating from it).

The coconut shrimp is delicious - well battered, tasty, crisp, with sweet coconut milk.
Also loved their chicken soup.
The wings were SUPER spicy, couldn't get through them, but my boyfriend loved it. The flavor beneath the heat was divine. 
The quarter jerk chicken was also good - but we definitely should have gotten the sauce on the side. The wings were hot enough, so we couldn't get through the chicken.


We loved it here, but I actually don't think we'll be going back. It seemed like after you tried a few things, the flavors meshed together, and weren't quite as unique as they first seemed. A good find in the city, especially if you like to try different food - but not necessarily my go-to place. I was expecting a bit more, but was still pleased!
I really wanted to like this place.  It's the perfect mix for a cool chill restaurant: outdoors, live island music, Jamaican food and BYOB.  In fact, I love that that they're winning the battle again the Symphony House's noise complaints.
What I found instead was a BYOD that charges a corkage fee, has nearly non-existent service and phenomenal food poisoning the morning after.  

After not getting wine glasses for 20 minutes and having my waiter promise a couple times that someone would be by with glasses, I went inside to get my own glasses.  I can't think of a better reason to have a corkage fee than to have customers retrieve their own glasses.  I should have gathered my group and left after the scene I saw in the kitchen.  The majority of servers were hanging around the kitchen eating plates of food, talking and generally seemed to be hiding from customers.  

Our glasses eventually came, as did the food.  Silverware came along a little later.  I wish the silverware never arrived.  The food was epically bad.  The goat roti was filled with meat still attached to bone pieces.  The same goes for the jerk chicken.  How lazy do you have to be to not butcher the bones out of  goat?

The whole experience was a little comical and and very gross but nothing compared to the amazing gift of food poisoning I had the next morning.  

It is such a shame because, with a little effort,  the restaurant could be a really cool special place to enjoy good food and music in the open air.
More like 3.5 stars.

I've always wanted to go to the Jerk Hut in the summer and sit outside and listen to reggae, but it turns out, I ended up going on a cold November night and sat inside.  The inside is pretty small and crowded on a Saturday night.  Our server was very friendly and attentive.  Luckily we had some sort of Groupon or Living Social discount because the prices seemed a bit high for the type of food and restaurant.  

I got the pumpkin soup which was pretty good.  It was definitely homemade with chunks of pumpkins and other vegetables.  I felt like it was very healthy.  After that I got the curry potato roti.  I have had many rotis in the past, and in comparison, this one was VERY dry on the inside and the filling was not as spicy or flavorful as I would have liked.  I could only eat about 1/3rd of it and didn't want to take the rest home.  As much as I hate the service in the Mini Trini food truck, I much prefer their Caribbean food - it's 5 stars.  

I will probably come back here in the summer for the outside atmosphere and music.  

If you have a vegetarian in your life, the Jerk Hut has many options.
Thankfully I was not starving and there were crayons to keep me occupied like a little kid, otherwise I would not have been a happy camper! 

We got a living social deal. We arrived and chose where we wanted to sit. We were leisurely given menus and a long list of what they DIDN'T have on the menu. 

Our orders and our living social voucher were taken. Then there was apparently a problem with our voucher and a lot of back and forth w the waitress. Finally we were told it was ok but the waitress asked us for our order again bc she never put it in once there was a problem w the voucher! 

Eventually the food came and it was just ok. I got the curry goat. It was mostly bones (large and small) and fat sadly, though the flavor was decent. It came with fried plantains which I love but these tasted like they had been reheated or microwaved or something. My husband got the jerk chicken which was full of little splinter bones. He had to be careful w every bite. He said the flavor was good but very spicy. 

I thought the prices seemed high considering the quality of the food and you get served water in disposable plastic cups (yet cloth napkins...). Also, you have to go outside to get to the bathroom which is pretty inconvient when it's raining out. Must be really annoying in the winter!

Another negative... No street parking in that area. Had to pay for a parking lot next door.

I'm glad I went just to say I have been but I would definitely not go back.
Came here on a day it wasn't busy at all and they food was still on point! Little expensive but well worth it, whatever that sauce is I tried to put on everything, the Mac and cheese, rice, chicken, cabbage everything!
A co-worker recommended this place.   Prefer Caribbean Delight, which is right down the street.  Service was nice, place was clean, but food was pricey and not as good as Caribbean Delight.  The Curry Goat was $16!  Crazy!!  

Other thing I didn't like, the tv was blaring children's programming.  OK if there were children, perhaps.  It was just us adults though.  With better within a few block's reach, don't see any reason to return.
I tried.  I remember going to the Jerk Hut years agoa.  I didn't like it, but I thought it was my lack of experience with carribean fare.  I remember the food being way too spicy and I like spicy. I remember the chicken being tough. So, let's get to the present, I had a groupon/living social deal and said, "Yes, I will try it again!"  Get there and order. I notice the food is expensive, no worries, I will pay for good food. We were getting our food to go, so we sit and sit and sit.  Not sure why, but we sit. I get a chicken pattie to help me sit.  The cashier wasn't nice or mean, she just didn't care. She never acknowledge how long we were sitting, nothing.  No worries, good food chumps that any day, especially when it's to go. The food finally comes. Ox tails, peas and rice and cabbage. YEAH! Get it home and it was not good at all.  So many painful memories come to mind and I am left kicking myself for even going back.  No worries, I know a place that won't let me down.........Carribean Delight, down the street.
