I had a hankering for Thai and Jasmine Rice was very close to where I was when said cravings occurred. After checking out the reviews and deciding to go for curry rather than a noodle dish, I placed an order for the green curry with shrimp. The food was done quickly and I was on my way. 

The portion size was generous and there were five or so very large shrimp and lots of crisp, fresh veggies. The curry was flavorful, with a little heat, and not too heavy. The rice was perfectly sticky and delicious. I was very pleasantly surprised by Jasmine Rice (based on some of the reviews I read), but I will definitely think of them next time I have a curry craving.
3.5
I came to Jasmine Rice and tried Thai food for the first time and I must say that it was pretty decent, not good, not bad but decent.

It was restaurant week and I ordered the Thai papaya salad. It was very refreshing for a hot day. It had shredded green papayas, peanuts, carrots, tomatoes all in a lime dressing. It was delicious. It tasted like cole slaw but Thai style.

I also ordered the Thai fried rice with shrimp My food was not bad, the shrimp could've used a little more seasoning but it did tasted like it was steamed which added to the freshness of the dish. The dish overall would've been better if it was topped with a sauce.

Overall service was fast and efficient. Our waiter came to our table consistently asking if we needed anything. The restaurant is small and seems to be family owned. I would definitely visit again to try more items on the menu.
This is an all-around 2 star place in just about every way you can imagine. Absolutely nothing stands out about it except for the few things that I disliked.

However, they are conveniently located RIGHT across my apartment. That is pretty cool and I was excited to see a Thai restaurant so close by, even though there are already quite a few Thai places in Center City.

The fact that they set up shop in a nice little neighborhood is attractive, but I feel like the novelty of this place stops there. 

The inside looks pretty lively most of the time which is inviting but the decor and set-up is rather plain and almost cafeteria-like in nature with its ordinary red picnic-tables and somewhat bare walls that even display an elementary school style fire-bell on the wall. 

The tables have no place settings, no coasters and no glass top either, although they are polished well.

Tables are somewhat close together but not so much so that it's annoying. The table all the way to the far back left corner however is poorly located right in front of the cash register. Not only do you get to hear ever other table being rang up while you sit there but if you're lucky you get to overhear some of the very unprofessional comments and discussion of the staff who think that no one can hear them. No matter how friendly they are to you and how well you're served, they lose a little of that customer-service friendliness when right after they say please/thank you, they walk two feet away from you and stand there swearing and making comments you'd hear on the street. Just because they aren't aimed at anyone in particular makes no difference, it's just plain rude and unprofessional. 

As for the food- it's what you would expect of a random place like this: It wasn't the best Thai food I've ever had and it wasn't the worst either. At this point it's so widely available I feel like any place that is just NOW opening a Thai restaurant needs to bring a little something extra to the table. Jasmine Rice doesn't really do that and that's why it's a cute but forgettable experience that I can't really recommend to anyone else.
I really wanted to love this place.  The place is the former Warsaw Cafe location and is super cute on the inside and out.  The service was a bit slow, but the owner/waiter/food runner was extremely friendly.  The restaurant was relatively full but they only had 1 waitress and the owner who functioned as a waiter/food runner.  I heard the owner telling someone that his wife makes all the food and she only makes one dish at a time...which doesn't seem like the best idea.  This may also explain why the food didn't come out piping hot.

Appetizers: Fried tofu- good, but could have been crispier.  Thai papaya salad was pretty good as were the thai basil meatlballs, but I felt like it could have used some kind of dipping sauce or something since they were a bit dry.

Entrees: Pad Thai- super super al dente.  Some of the noodles were basically uncooked and the pad thai was a bit dry.  My friend got the panaeng curry with duck which was actually delicious.  

I will probably give this place another try.  It is relatively new so perhaps they need some time to work out some things.
Finally made it here post Midtown Village Festival. Our posse rolls deep i mean like 12 or more so that fact that they could seat us right away when i called was awesome. We had to split into 3 groups of 4 but that was not an issue for us as we were famished and needing to continue to drink.  My one beef with this place is that everything took soooooooooo lonngggggggg  (maybe it was just that i was slightly drunk and very hungry). We waited for what felt like an eternity to place our orders,to get our starters and entrees. 

Since Jasmine is known for their curries I decided on the panaeng curry for its coconut base. Jasmine offers multiple levels of heat for all tastes so you can customize your food to your liking.When our food finally arrived i dived right into to the curry and was pretty impressed with the depth of flavor. The curry had a slight sweetness to it from the coconut base but i opted for level 3 heat and that kick balanced out the dish quite nicely. The portion size was right on point for the price. 

This is a great option for anyone that maybe doesn't want to make the trek to NoLibs or South Philly  to order Circles. Its a BYOB and they accept cards. The only reason I cant rate it higher was the slow service. I must make a return visit to try some of the other curries.
I've gotten take out from here a couple times since I live around the corner. The first time I got green curry and my bf got pad Thai. We love Thai food and both of us have eaten a lot of it. Jasmine Rice just wasn't up to our standards and the portions were a bit small for the price. They also messed up my order and gave me chicken instead of tofu. I was super hungry (and I'm not vegetarian) so I just ate it, but I wasn't thrilled.

I succumbed to ordering from here again when I wanted some soup on a rainy day. I was craving some super sour and spicy tom yum soup, but the tom yum from Jasmine had a very sweet flavor to it and just left me yearning for the real stuff! And once again the to-go portion was surprisingly small.

I don't hate the place, but it just doesn't satisfy my Thai food cravings.
My friends and I arrived here after an extended happy hour, excited to try the cute, tiny Thai place we had walked by a few times.  We had called about an hour before after seeing that reservations were a must, ESPECIALLY for our party of 6, and luckily they were able to give us a reservation 45 min later.  We arrived, plenty of wine in hand, and our table was ready - a great start.  

The place IS tiny, maybe seats about 20 in total, and they did a good job decorating the small space.  We placed our orders and settled in to our wine.  Slowly, we watched all the other tables be served their food.... people that arrived 20 minutes, 30 minutes after us.  When they finally started bringing our food, they brought out 1 or 2 plates at a time, with about 5 min in between sets.  I was the last person to get my plate, and everyone was mostly finished before I had my first bite - and that's only because they were being polite and eating slowly.  Even when asking about our food, no one apologized for the wait or explained anything, just said it would be out "soon".  

The food tasted good, but honestly by then we had imbibed 5 bottles of wine and I was starving, I would've eaten anything.  

I'll give it a try in a few months, but for now this was definitely a 2 star experience.
Okay. 

If you are in the neighborhood and craving Thai, this will do for a Rittenhouse square price. And, I can't recommend the Tom Yum, small and too sweet.

If you want real, awesome Thai for a way better price, head down to Circles in South Philly. Miles better food.

Circles all the way!
Jasmine rice has some of the better Thai food I've tried in Philly thus far. I've only gotten take out from here, but every time I feel satisfied after my meal. If you're going to order from here, I would definitely recommend takeout over going to the restaurant as I've been told dining in results in the staff trying to sell you a lot of extras. I will continue to eat at jasmine rice for take out, but only as a special "treat myself" meal as it's a bit overpriced. For example, the lunch pad Thai is still $13+ and doesn't come with soup or an app like other restaurants do.
I'll start by saying we went on a Friday night around 7:15pm, arguably the busiest time of the night.

Luckily it was just 2 of us so we got a seat right away, the place was completely full at that point. First person to greet us is the chef, which is a nice surprise, but as time goes on we realize it's just because his waitress staff is very busy.

Menu looks great, we order Salt and Pepper Shrimp Rolls, the King and I and Jatujak Stir Fried Shrimp.

Salt and Pepper Spring Rolls came out fast. They were honestly just ok, they had mushroom in them, which wasn't listed as an ingredient, but the taste was very sub-par. Didn't really fit the flavor profile of salt and pepper shrimp with cilantro. The citrus lime dipping sauce was just thinned out duck sauce.

By the time we finished that we had both drank our glass of water and for the next 45 minutes we were ignored, no refill of water, no food, not even a look. Again I know they were busy, but when they would sit a table near us, they would bring them water and not even glance at our table.

Ok, 45 minutes after the appetizer, dinner comes. I'm eating the King and I which is basically Pad Prik King, string beans are undercooked which is actually how I like them in my Pad Prik King, very crunchy. But they taste dirty and the sauce doesn't seem like it was cooked with the food, just poured over at the very end. I like the flavors somewhat marinated with the protein and vegetables.

Girlfriend is eating the Jatujak, which said it was spicy, but wow it really is hot. Hotter then the 10 at Han Dynasty in Old City. I have a pretty high tolerance for spice so we switch plates. I get to a shrimp in the Jatujak that is right on the line of undercooked. I figured with the temperature hotness of the food it is probably fine, dumb mistake. The next day I was writhing in stomach pain.

Like I said before, they were busy, the chef even had to come out to help a little (which is an admirable trait for someone in the kitchen), but ignoring a table for 45 minutes when all they wanted was some more water (yes we did ask) and then serving undercooked seafood due to the pressure of getting the food out is inexcusable. 

On paper the food looked amazing, but on my plate and in my stomach it disappointed. There is plenty of other delicious Thai Food in that area the I will stick with.
I've been walking past Jasmine Rice for months and months, and always wondered about it, but was happy enough with Circles that I never gave it a chance.  Finally, I tried it with a friend for dinner and we haven't gone back to Circles since!  

Jasmine Rice is a more affordable and, in my opinion, even better-quality Thai food option.  It's also really convenient to pick up from there instead of having to order from Circles.  

We loved sitting in the restaurant - it has a very calm and laid-back ambiance.  It's not pretentious, but still very classy.  

I loved the Chicken Massaman curry - my friend loved it so much that it's her new go-to.  Their classic Chicken Pad Thai is my personal favorite, but I do like that they have a nice variety for when I'm feeling more adventurous.  

I always get a small Veggie Coconut Soup.  The broth is really light, with a hint of lemon and has just the right amount of veggies.  It's a nice way to start any meal.  

Their spring rolls are just average, I think I'd like to try their spicy Thai Basil Meatballs next time instead as they get really good reviews on Yelp - update to come! 

Their Thai Iced Tea is good, just a classic.  I liked it to go and in the restaurant, so no difference there.

Their Chicken Pad Thai is pretty huge - when I get it as take out, it usually lasts me two full meals, and by full, I mean that I'm really full after eating about half!  It's just your typical Pad Thai - nice rice noodles, great sauce and some peanuts sprinkled on top.  Mostly, I just find the quality to be really good - no MSG or any gross aftertaste that I've been fighting to avoid with take-out.  My roommate still prefers Circles in this department because theirs is more garlicky and has more of a kick, but I prefer Jasmine Rice's milder take, so it all depends on your preferences.  I think I get a bigger portion at Jasmine Rice too, so that makes a difference! 

The Chicken Massaman curry is a really tasty - it's has potatoes, carrots, chunks of onions and sprinkled with peanuts.  The sauce is tasty, mild, although don't get it if you aren't a fan of coconut.  I loved it because I can't handle anything very spicy, but do enjoy rich flavors.  This was a great dish for someone who doesn't want to compromise on something bland, but isn't in the mood for something super spicy!  FYI - Order it with rice - when my roommate ordered it as takeout it did not come with rice, so it wasn't something she had leftovers for the next day.  But it's still worth it, delicious flavors that don't overpower the veggies and chicken.  

The Green Curry with Chicken was spicy, but not too spicy.  It wasn't anything super exciting in my opinion, I much preferred the Massaman to it!

The owners are also very nice - and the service is great.  It takes 20-30 minutes for the food to be ready if you order for take-out.  I've generally waited a few minutes when I got there right at 20 minutes during peak dinner hours, so I might give them five more minutes next time.  But they're very friendly and make it easy to pay while you wait.

Just FYI - it's BYOB if you go there, as their website suggests!  So don't forget to bring your own wine!
Ate at the restaurant once and grabbed take out another time. Have to say I am disappointed in their execution of pad thai, pad see ew, and appetizers (the spring rolls & dumplings are too fried and greasy, not enough filling). The one good thing was the curry dish. Fantastic service and a cute, small dining room but the food isn't up to par.
First time writing a review despite using Yelp for years, but how awful the food was here brings me to it. I'm not sure how this place has such high ratings but this was, beyond a doubt, the most bland, flavorless, and unseasoned pad Thai I have ever eaten in my entire life. To make matters worse, they charge $16 for it! Ridiculously overpriced and again, literally unseasoned clumped noodles and chicken with no peanut sauce visible anywhere. A complete disappointment to thai food as a cuisine, Philly and Rittenhouse Square.
I wish I could give this place 0 stars. First of all the soup had a giant hunk of pork in it (we don't eat meat), then the noodles were stuck together in another dish (so no sauce and completely bland), and lastly there was literally 3 pieces of tofu in another dish. We spent $50 for an absolutely terrible meal. I wasted my calories and money on a terrible place. The cherry on top was when I called they hung up on me when I said there was meat in my soup. Seriously? Not vegetarian or vegan friendly at all. 

Please steer clear of this place. The food is a waste of money, bland, and the owner hung up on me-what a horrible business owner! 

Of note, I've had not great Thai food at other places in Philly, but this went beyond bad (and I had a hair in a dish once)
This has to be the best Thai food we have had in the last few months in Philly. On a side note they should consider changing their name from Jasmine Rice to Green Curry. Because everything green curry we ate were phenomenal. In the last 10 years I have not had green curry taste so good except when my Thai friend had cooked it for us. And to add to that, the green curry mussels were a fantastic appetizers! The flavor from the curry infused with the tender cooked mussels were a pleasure in each bite. The broth was a feast in itself. And the second best item we had was the green curry fried rice. Again the flavours were spot on. It had a nice zing! And at the same time it was very well balanced. The meat was cooked very nicely again. 
We also had the Salmon with the crab sauce and it did not disappoint either. But in comparison to the green curry dishes, it felt short in flavour and texture. 
All in all an excellent find to satiate your Thai cravings!
In this town, it is not easy to find authentic Thai food that is not some sort of fusion or "Thai-inspired."  That is, unless you dine at Jasmine Rice near Rittenhouse Square.  Since my wife is Thai and I have been to Thailand several times, I am no expert but pretty damn close when it comes to Thai food.

When you walk in, you notice a quaint, cozy ambiance that is inviting and makes you feel like you are dining at someone's house.  The chef also runs the place and personally takes ownership of making sure her guests are well taken care of and runs food out if the server is busy during a rush.

As far as the food goes, the Pad Thai is good as well as the Red Curry.  My wife enjoys their Pad See Ew and Mango Sticky rice.  Portions are generally decent as well.  One caveat is that you need to make sure you indicate a spice level as indicated on the menu.  If you fail to do so, you will get a more moderate spice level for dishes.

Service is usually decent and it is busier just before the shows at the Academy, Merriam, and Kimmel.  If you are looking for a quiet place to go on a date or a meeting place with a client, this is the spot since it is cozy and generally less chaotic than other nearby spots.  

When you get that Thai food craving, I highly recommend going to Jasmine Rice- Rittenhouse location to get your fix.  This is the better choice of Thai restaurants in the area.  I won't go anywhere else.
So far, the best Thai food in Center City.
This is what I've been searching for, for all this time!
I went in their second week of being open on a Friday night at prime dinner time. The small restaurant was packed but we managed to get their very last table for 4. 
The servers were Thai girls who you could tell were not super experienced servers but they were very attentive and friendly. I saw the owner a number of times training them throughout the  night on how he'd like the plates presented and how he'd like the service to go. 
We got our appetizers in a timely manner and they were all delicious: 
-Curry Chicken Wings with a sweet chili sauce - very tasty
-Tom Kha vegetarian - the BEST. Very authentic, full of all those wonderful Thai flavors that I love so much.
We waited a while for our dinner, so much so that at some point we noticed how long it was taking. I honestly am the type of person who will completely forgive this in a restaurant who is in their second week of business. Not only that, but the Chef/Owner came out at the end of the night and apologized for the wait and made sure everyone was ok.
Entrees were all spectacular. We got:
- Massaman Curry w/Chicken
- Crispy duck Fried Rice
- Pad Khimao
- Pad See Ew
All of which were excellent, big portions, and we all were extremely satisfied. Four clean plates!
As I mentioned, the chef came out to talk to us after our meal. He was such a nice man. He told us that it is just him and his wife cooking in the small kitchen. And you can totally tell but how much love they put into this food. It's just straight up fresh, home cooked Thai food. It definitely has the mom and pop feel to it.
This place is only a couple of blocks farther away from my home than some other Thai restaurants in the area, but I am SURE to come back to this place many many times in the future.
These restaurant week devours come from a struggling @jasminericerittenhouse . I set a reservation for 6:45pm and I arrived at 6:22 PM. The server who wasn't a server didn't give me the opportunity to pick where I wanted to sit. They weren't crowded at this time. There was a lot of confusion with the seating and I need another server to help me sit where I want it to sit. What's seated it took for ever to get a server to ask us if we want any appetizers. Once we ordered the full restaurant week menu. It took each item at least an hour to come out. Three items had to be sent back due to poor presentation and dirty dishware two completely delivering the wrong item that wasn't ordered. One staff member quit during the shift which made it even harder for the other server. Let's just say that I didn't finish my meal I was extremely overcharge for the experience. I didn't have a good time at all. Let's just say the food was ehhh "hit or miss". I know that the food could be a lot better if they had the staff. I understand that we are coming to an end of a lot of Covid restrictions so it's hard to maintain a full running staff. However, there is no excuse to providing fine service and dining. I'm gonna say I was disappointed with my experience but hopefully they can rebuild positively and soon have a thriving business by the end of the summer. @centercitydistrict #philarestaurantweek #philly #philadelphia #food #foodie #foodphotography #foodstagram #foodpics #foodblogger #thai #thaifood #curry #curryshrimp #champagne #wonton #seafoodsoup #mussels #noodles #water #datenight #fridaynight #salmon
Underwhelming experience. 

True - this place is in a prime location, has the allure of a BYOB, and looks "fancy" but I felt tricked. Detach the food from the setting and it'd be mediocre. Portions were also tiny for the price.
This place was a HUGE disappointment. I placed an order for pickup and went to pick it up at the time they said it would be ready. When I arrived, the place was nearly empty. I waited at the front for someone to speak to, but no one came to me. I walked towards the back and peered into the kitchen to try to get someone's attention. When I finally was able to talk to someone, they had to ask me what I had ordered. It was clear that there was some sort of mix-up, and they did not have any record of my order. I had to repeat my order for them, then sit and wait about 20 minutes for it to be made. 

I had ordered the Tom Kha w/chicken ($6), Pad Thai w/vegetables and tofu ($14), and the Panaeng Curry w/chicken ($15). My boyfriend and I were not satisfied with anything that we ordered. Everything was very bland and lacking in Thai spice and flavor. Portions were small, the curry was skimpy on meat, and Pad Thai was skimpy on vegetables. It was some of the lowest quality thai food we'd ever eaten, and coming in at over $35, we were not happy.

We will certainly never go back, and I would recommend to all yelpers to avoid going here at all costs.
BYOB!!! 

My husband and I have tried almost every dish here. You really can't go wrong with anything. Even though its small, they take reservations and it's a great place to come with a group and order family style.

Our favorites include meatballs, Penang curry, Ginger chicken dumplings... Actually it's all good. A must try, esp when craving Thai in Rittenhouse. 

Also, great service!
If you have eaten in Thailand or tasted real authentic Thai food in New York or LA, you will find this place very disappointing. Food is tasteless. You can order your food requesting level of spiciness. I asked for "Thai level" spiciness, the red duck curry and chicken green curry were still bland. The Thai beef salad had well done chucks of beef instead of rare slices as it should be. The dressing for the this beef salad was ok. The Chicken coconut soup (Tom Ka Gai) was again tasteless. The best thing with this restaurant is the service. Very friendly and efficient.
Context: Dinner with a Friend
Time of Visit: Friday, 10:00PM

My experience with Jasmine Rice was an excellent one!

This BYO spot is a little on the small side, so I would recommend groups of 4 or smaller.  Atmosphere is very calm and intimate.  When we were there, it was not very crowded, so the staff was very attentive: they had our bottle of wine open as soon as the waitress approached the table.

The entrees all looked appetizing: I tried the thai noodles with chile peppers and onions.    You can choose your level of spice for some of the meals: I think it skews towards the spicy side.  I have a moderately high spice tolerance, but my 3-pepper (out of 5 total) dish was pretty spicy.  I would like to clarify that this is no fault of JR: I asked for the 3.

What was nice was that the staff could see my red face/sweating, and refilled my water glass the second it was empty.  While this is probably attributable to the time of visit, I still appreciate their attention to my spice-induced distress.  Dishes were moderately priced and portion sizes were just right.

I will definitely be back to Jasmine Rice-excellent Thai cuisine, but I will ask for it less spicy!
My new favorite BYO spot in Philadelphia!

I feel like this is a gem that not that many people know about. I'm personally a huge fan of Thai food, and really wanted to find a good BYO spot to satisfy my cravings. Was so happy to find Jasmine Rice! 

It's a super small space-- probably the best for parties of 4-6 and nothing bigger. The food is quite tasty-- tried the green curry, pad kee mao, pad thai, basil tofu, green tea mochi dessert, and fried banana + ice cream dessert. I actually loved every single dish-- (would probably not recommend getting dessert just because it's nothing TOO special, but still a great way to finish a tasty meal). 

Ended up staying in the restaurant for around 4 hours-- felt no pressure to leave by the servers. 

This place will 100% be top-of-mind for me when planning my next BYOs. I feel like not that many students know about it, but it definitely should be more popular!
Definitely the worst Thai food I've had in Philadelphia.  The chicken was bone dry and the pad thai had too much tamarind (it was all tamarind and not much of any other flavor) and no veggies!  Also, they give you a small bowl of rice and charge you $1 if you want more!  Rice should be free yo!

The only reason why I'm not giving it just one star is because the waiter was very nice (even though he got my order wrong).
I came here for a quick Thai lunch on New Years Eve, mainly picked this place because it is in a very convenient location to Rittenhouse Square Park and Liberty Place.  This is also close to the residential parking as well, because lets face it, putting paying for parking just sucks.  The lady, probably the owner, is very friendly and the food came out quick and prompt.  

Everything we ordered was very flavorful and good: lemongrass soup, which is a chicken broth type of soup, not creamy; chicken pad see eww, very similar to chow fun in Chinese restaurants but way better tasting and more flavor; chicken pad thai, very good perfectly cooked.  

A place that I'd definitely return if in the mood for Thai and recommended for others to go!
Pad thai was delicious and service was excellent =)
Probably the most authentic Thai restaurant in Rittenhouse with friendly service and very good food.  

Some highlights:
1. Pad See Yew: Made with Chinese broccoli and plenty of egg in a savory sauce.  Very very good.
2. Red Penang Curry: Spicy and creamy with fresh veggies, plenty of beef, and the best curry broth.
3. Ginger stir-fried chicken: Amazingly savory and cooked with tender pieces of chicken breast.  Great if you are looking for a non-spicy dish.
4. Crispy duck fried rice: The duck definitely rivals Morimoto's with tender meat and a crispy skin.  The rice is delicious with plenty of veggies and egg.  
5.  Siam Salmon: Great tangy sauce with a delicious fillet accompanied by crispy, fried crab.  Love!
6. Salt and Pepper Shrimp Rolls: Filled with actual whole jumbo shrimp and served with a delicious dip.  This is unique to Jasmine Rice so highly recommend trying.
7. Papaya Salad: Good but not differentiated from the other versions.
8. Chicken Lettuce Wraps: A great spicy version of a classic.  It's a Gar pao accompanied with large Romaine leaves.  I would recommend getting a bowl of sticky rice and having the chicken with the rice.

Service is very attentive but the seating is pretty cramped so definitely book reservations for a party of more than 2.  It was a Tuesday night and packed!  Will be back to try more of the curries but so far so good!
My husband and I stumbled across this place by chance after wandering about Rittenhouse Sq. for half an hour trying to find a suitable, reasonably priced place for dinner.  (We're from out of town.)

I would give this restaurant 5 stars based on service alone.  

We went in because we saw "drunken duck" on the sidewalk menu (and I love duck more than anything).  I tempered my expectations though, because I have a gluten allergy that prevents me from being able to eat dishes made with normal soy sauce and duck is usually prepared with soy sauce.  When I asked about it inside, the owner came over and explained that there is indeed soy sauce in the base.  But before my heart even had time to break, he told me that he could make a special version of it for me without the soy sauce.  A few minutes later, he brought out a ramekin of the sauce for me to taste test for spice level.  It was *delicious*.  

Needless to say, the dish was fantastic.  The sauce was a perfect mix of sweet, and spicy and the duck was crispy skinned with moist delicious meat inside.  Even the Chinese broccoli on which it was served was smoky and wonderful, having been doused in brandy & rum and set on fire!  (Extra credit for flair.)

And lest I feel guilty that the chef/owner went to all this trouble for me, he came out again after we ate to tell me that he enjoyed the challenge of preparing the dish without soy sauce.  If only all chefs reacted that way to customers' dietary restrictions!  Talk about above and beyond...

We will be back here for sure when we move to the city.

(Oh, and my husband, who claims not to like Thai food, had a beef dish involving oyster sauce and he enjoyed it thoroughly.)
Unless you have hours to spend sitting in a one room house structure, don't come here. Just one waiter and it literally takes an hour for the food to appear. The food is good though but I don't think its worth the wait
Center City has a dearth of good Thai food, but this place is the best I've eaten at so far.  The decor is bright, upscale and nice.  The service is good.  Most importantly, the food is tasty.  Philly has poor Thai food overall (except for Circles) but this place is by far the best in Center City.  It just opened a couple months ago so give it a try.
I'm going to to say 2 out of 5. 

Had dinner here last night. Ordered the Panaeng And Massaman Curry to find that I had plenty of carrots on my plate, barely any meats that were ordered on it, (chicken and beef) and a little mini scoop of rice. I'm talking like Baskin Robins' kid scoop to the kid scoop. 

It tasted decent, close to what Panaeng curry should taste like but I was like almost shocked as to just how many carefully cut out carrot designs were on my plate compared to the actual meat, rice and curry that I'm looking to have........
First time here and we loved it! Even better its BYOB!

My bf and i had couples dinner w/ 2 friends here Saturday night. Its a small place simple decor, if any, but who cares its about their food! We had reservations and were promptly seated, wine glasses brought to the table and our bottle uncorked. Our friends decided to order for us and we were gonna share everything family style.

For appetizer we got the green curry mussels and the spicy whiskey wings and both were so flavorful and delicious. I could drink that green curry! For entrees we ordered 4 dishes: green curry vegetables no tofu, red curry chicken, chicken pad thai, and fried jasmine rice with shrimp! Everything was amazing, came out hot and neat plating. My bf isn't a fan of curry he has said he hates but he said this was delicious and would come back. That's saying much!  

Service was great, owner knows our friend and he was so polite and talked to us for a bit.  
I cannot wait to come back and try the other appetizers, this place is truly a gem. We are so happy we were brought here and will recommend to anyone to def try this place out! Oh and next time bring extra wine!
I've had better. For the prices, the portions don't add up. Love that it's BYOB, but you can find a BYOB Thai restaurant with more menu options and bigger portions. I'll pass on this place in the future.
I can't wait to go back here! This place offers authentic, delicious Thai food in a cozy environment. My friends and I went and got a variety of dishes, all of which were fresh and delicious. My personal favorite is anything with the duck - it's juicy, crispy, and well-seasoned. We are big fans of Thai food and this place shot straight to the top of our lists, especially for food in Rittenhouse (AND BYOB!!!)

The owner of the restaurant is also the manager of the dining room and his wife is the chef who makes EVERY meal specifically to order - and it shows. The night we went, one of the waitresses quit mid-shift (it was her second day as a waitress ever), so the manager was running around and taking care of everyone by himself. Since the service was slower, he gave us a complimentary appetizer (fried tofu - also delicious!) and conversed with us throughout the evening. I can't wait to go back here!
Make sure to make reservations before showing up. The restaurant is small and only seats about 30 people total. Because they try to get as many people in as possible, it's a tight fit and also LOUD. It seems like the kitchen is too small for the volume or people, or maybe the place is too new to have worked out a good system for large parties. 

To their credit, they fit us in when a party of four was late for their reservation and the spring rolls and entrees were pretty good. 

Also, they were diligent about refilling water glasses and had very friendly staff. 

I'd go back, but probably for take-out only.
Terrible service, waited 40 mins for food with 20 minute gap between first and last dish for table of six. Waitstaff and owner were completely unapologetic and added gratuity without asking permission. Would avoid at all costs
Service and food were both just okay.. came here on a Saturday afternoon. They didn't tend to us or give us water for quite some time even though only two other tables were occupied. Taste wise food was just okay - their sauces were awesome specially the one that came with the meatballs. I've had better Thai food at other places.
Nothing is fresh. 
I worked here in kitchen. 
Salmon is microwaved & cooked
Chicken wings thawed in Microwave.
Crab is from a can.
Curry & All Sauces come from a can.

They feel insulted, if you make any suggestions as an employee 
And I even noticed as a patron.

They treat staff poorly. 
Assume people they hire are dumb. 
Treat employees like they MUST obey their orders.

Now I under why they have been struggling to hire staff for months.
Having to temporarily close down the Market St. Location.
Was really disappointed after reading such great reviews.  I didn't know this cuisine had the ability to be bland.  Additionally,  it was cold on the plate.  Two stars may be generous.
I really wanted to like this place. People seem kind and conveniently located in center city. Wasn't able to find decent thai place in center city so I was excited to try new spot. Sadly couldn't reach my expectation. We ordered 4 appetizers and 2 main dishes for two ppl. I know it sounds a lot for two ppl but was good decision to order that much. Otherwise we would be left hungry. Got fried calamari, coconut soup, steamed mussels and spring rolls for appetizer. As some of others mentioned already the portions are tiny here. Soup size was ridiculous. Smallest soup I've never had.Spring roll size was about my pinky, was delicious but tiny tiny.. Those two appetizers were extremely small even for starter. For main dish we got pad Thai with beef and red curry with chicken. Pad Thai was really  sweet. Maybe too sweet even for Americanized thai food. Red curry broth  was delicious, was creamy and good amount of spice. But there wasn't enough soup. They serve curry on flat plate so they can't hold enough soup for curry and rice. I am not sure why they choose use that plate for soupy dishes. Curry broth was  amazing but green bean and carrot weren't cooked at all. I wanted to give one star to be honest but only reason I gave two star was the server was very kind and gave me more broth for my curry. The extra curry broth he brought  was bigger portion  than my coconut soup btw.
I've walked past this place for 4 years and have never stopped in - a pandemic seems like an apt time to test it out. My phone was broken so I was actually window shopping places that door online ordering because I was hangry so as soon as I saw they did that, I went back to my apartment to order. Major plus.

The food was prepared on time and was piping hot still after I was 15 minutes late (and a 15 min walk to my apartment). The serving sizes are HUGE. If you can eat a full container in one sitting, you must be a horse because no human possibly can; the (convex) lids barely shut. The order of fried rice and pad thai fed me for 4 meals.

The food itself was average. Like I previously stated, I was hangry so anything would have sufficed honestly. I wish the pad thai had more vegetables and bits of tofu like I'm used to. I would be inclined to try less basic dishes if I'm in the area again, but I wanted to play it safe for my first time around.
I asked for fish sauce and the waiter looked very confused and stated they did not have any fish sauce. At that point, I should have left as fish sauce is the base flavor for so much Thai food. They also didn't offer chilies or any sort of typical Thai flavoring. What more can be said about "Thai" food? .

The lemongrass soup was very strange and there wasn't a picture of King Adulyadej anywhere to be seen. This is not Thai restaurant even for American standards.
Ordered from grubhub. This place has absolutely no right to be a 4 star Thai restaurant on yelp. Ordered $70 worth of food. The only way I would be happy with this was if I paid $30 for it. Ordered the Pad See Ew shrimp: The noodles were all stuck together and dry. The taste was bland. Ordered red curry chicken: Got tofu instead. Again the taste was bland. Ordered duck fried rice which was supposed to have pineapple in it: No pineapple. It was probably the best dish out of the 3, but still it was disappointing considering the amount of food and the fact I paid $20 for it. 
I'm not sure if this place used to be good, and something drastically changed, but yelp Philly has disappointed me.
Oh Jasmine Rice, there was a point when I raved about your amazing-ness but alas, I was let down recently. 

Cons:
-the proportion sizes were way too small. You can't share dishes and entrees like how Asian food is usually meant to be family style. 
-Had two different curries and each time, the meat was dry! The meat is supposed to be soft and tender from soaking in all the curry. This tasted like they just threw in a pan and tossed it around for like 15 minutes. 

Pros: 
-the service here is really nice, the speak Thai and it's sweet.
-in the summer they make really good mango and sticky rice dessert. 
-the only good dish seemed to be the Drunken noodles
My favorite Thai spot in Philly so far.  Too bad they don't deliver to my current address, but I'll be moving soon (primarily because of work, not food, I swear...)

We started with the Crispy Spring Rolls, which were lightly friend and VERY hot (beware, eager eaters).  The Chicken Pad Thai had the perfect peanut-lime combination with tender meat.  The Beef Green Curry had a nice portion of vegetables to balance out the protein and a fantastic kick.

And, it must be mentioned that the bathroom was kind of heavenly.  A heater warmed the spacious room, the scented candle smelled divine, and it was very clean...extra points!
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Jasmine Rice! 

The layout is slightly better than Sawatdee on South Street, but still tight. I was happy to see that they were busy though since they've just recently opened. 

The food is incredible! I cannot pronounce what I had, but it was spicy and delicious. Everything is delicious. My husband had the Pad Thai and it was citrusy which was interesting. 

The waitress asked if it was our first time, we said it was and she said "It won't be your last..." at the time I thought that was rather presumptuous of her, but damn, she was right! I can't wait to go back!!
I have walked by this restaurant countless times, so sweetheart and I finally ventured in.  First observation was that only 2 small tables were full when we arrived, yet I needed a haircut by the time our food arrived.  Second, I ordered a mild chicken dish (which was down-right bland), and sweetheart ordered a spicy seafood dish, which was absolutely ridiculously hot.  I do not exaggerate when I say that 1/3 red hot chili peppers.  Virtually inedible!  This restaurant is clearly a horror, living off of the tourists.  No Philly dweller would frequent this place.
Great Thai BYO! The owner is very friendly and accommodating. Make sure you have a reservation, since the place is quite small. 

Portion sizes are a little small, so consider getting an appetizer to go with your entree.
Mixed reviews for my new neighbor.  I have to say I am FAN because of the ridiculously close location and the fact that the few things I have ordered here have been deeeelicious.  
I am fully obsessed with the Pad Thai and the Pad See Ew both with tofu (and I am SO not a vegetarian in any way!).  I have also gotten the satay chicken and the Thai basil meatballs - both tasty with a nice amount of spice.  I had one disappointment in my several visits - Chao Phraya Express - and I won't blame them because I don't think I would have liked this appetizer no matter where I went.  

As mentioned, they are a bit on the slow side with service.  I don't know why I am not bothered by this as I normally would be but for some reason, I am not.  I get the sense that they don't have many people in the kitchen and they are making the entrees one at a time.  Maybe the best advice would be to bring your wine and settle in, knowing that you will have a bit of a wait but it will be worth it.  

FYI - they do takeout.  Its a dangerous thing especially when its just a few doors down!!
Update: Recently, I've had some not-so-great meals from here. My last one was particularly disappointing. We ordered the Pad Thai, which was nothing special, and several appetizers (tapas style.) They were flavorless and cheap. I won't be ordering from here again. They're very friendly, but the food just isn't great.


-----(original post)----- 

I've only had take out from here, so I can't speak to the restaurant's service/atmosphere. However, the food is very good. Creative dishes, super reasonable prices, and flavorful, hearty proportions make this my go-to Asian place. I've had a couple of chicken dishes which were very good and included fresh veggies and a shrimp dish which was surprisingly good. The shrimp was not overcooked (amazingly!) and the sauce was tasty but light. If you're in the mood for Asian takeout, Jasmine Rice is a wonderful option.
Yes this is a Thai restaurant that actually serves Jasmine Rice! And yet again like the other restaurants in downtown Philadelphia, this place was BYOB with NO uncorking fee! It was a nice little place but the seating was pretty condensed and could probably sit about 35-50 people.  It was hot outside and they had an AC but I didn't feel like it was working too well.  The service was excellent with the waiters coming around every 5-10 minutes and they were very friendly and helpful when it came to recommendations.  We got the green curry, the jasmine rice and it was delicious.  The best part is that they have one to four chiles for spiciness and then they have another option: thai spicy.  I ordered two spiciness and then asked for how spicy is thai spicy.  He brought out some chopped chiles and I had a little and it was pretty spicy.  I love spicy food so I didn't think it was diabolical spicy but it did have a nice kick.  I thought the food was excellent.  It was rich, full of flavor, and all of the curries had that coconut sweetness with that thai spiciness that makes thai food so delicious.  I enjoyed the ambience and the service, and I would enjoy returning to this restaurant if I'm ever back in the area.
So my friend and I were walking around Rittenhouse on a weekday night looking for food options, and this cute establishment beckoned us to come in!! We were seated quickly, but after that the service was mediocre even though there wasn't much of a crowd! 

We got the crispy spring rolls to share, and they were A-OK and lacked seasoning! For mains, I got the green curry with veggies and tofu and they were definitely not worth the price I paid for it!! I mean, I had no leftovers, one thing that always happens to me at Thai restaurants as the portions are generous!

Overall, this place  needs an uplift with regards to their seasoning and portion size to make a stronger mark in the culinary world of Rittenhouse Square!
Loved this place!  The service was amazing, they were busy but made us feel special, and we didn't even have a reservation or a special event planned.  The owner came over and talked to us like we were friends, not strangers and he smiled a genuine and caring smile...something was so nice about this.  He really seemed happy to be there and happy that we were there.  This is so rare in many businesses and restaurants in Philly.  The food was delicious.  We had the flaming duck.  It was not on the dinner menu, but we saw someone else with it, asked the waiter about it, and they were happy to make it for our table.  It was tender and flavorful, really an A plus meal.  The place is small and cozy but not too over crowded and it was relatively quiet for the number of people that were there.  You could comfortably talk to your date without raising your voice, but at the same time there was an energy around you.  The table in front of us had a large baby stroller with them and the waiter pulled out the chairs and removed them so that the stroller would fit comfortably into the dinner table.  That is good customer service.  I highly recommend this place for an affordable, special night.  The price was good for the quality of food and service.
I placed a reservation for Jasmine rice and was taken care of gracefully. We we're seated in a well lit table with a window view. The restaurant was short of help, so service was not 100%, but she was showing effort. We ordered pad tai and pad se ew. The pad see ew was delicious, but pad tai was very sweet and was an acquired taste. Overall this was a good Thai kitchen in Rittenhouse.
I absolutely love thai food and this place had great flavors and very good service. The manager/ owner made it a point to stop by and check on us and made us feel incredibly welcome.
Excellent service and delicious, authentic Thai food. Our server/the owner was very helpful in describing the food and how it is made, when we asked. The Satay Chicken and Crispy Spring Rolls appetizers were amazing - especially the homemade sauces for each!  Entree size was a little smaller than at some other Thai places, but that may be because we ordered from the lunch menu. Reasonably priced, especially for the neighborhood. We will definitely return!
Very very good restaurant! The food was sooo good and the service was great too!!!! Definitely coming back again:))
I visited last week. The food was delicious! I ordered the lemongrass soup and the pad thai. Very tasty and lovely presentation. I definitely would recommend it.
French comment : nourriture bonne et rapport qualité / prix très satisfaisant ! En revanche, il semble que je n'ai pas eu de chance...mais l'attente a été interminable pour se faire servir ! Perte d'une étoile pour cela...
Try the vegetarian pad see ew! It was super super yummy came with broad noodles that had the perfect amount of flavor and onions bell peppers, egg and broccoli and green beans. Also came with delicious tofu if you get the veggie version. Really really great food! Can't wait to go back.
Too cozy a spot for a Thai restaurant. A small outdoor board makes it difficult to spot from a distance. It's like an Easter egg but doesn't feel like Easter after you eat here. 
Was engulfed by a strange, obnoxious, egg smell as soon as we entered. Not a place to take out your visiting friends. We did that and regret it to some extent.

We went a little late in afternoon and the restaurant was practically empty but it felt like they didn't want us there somehow. Nobody showed us a place to sit and probably didn't want to give us water too.

Dishes took like more than half hour to arrive and mine specially was a little too spicy, which I didn't want to send back as it was already late. Portions are small or the plates are too big.

Costly for the food we had. There are better Thai restaurants in the vicinity of this one. You might have better luck there.
This is a good run-of-the-mill Thai place. All the classic favourites are available - red/green curry, pad thai etc. But they also have some lesser seen options like yellow and massaman curry. All the food was delicious, generous and fairly priced.

Service was a bit spotty. e.g. some getting their food a while before others, removing some plates while others were still eating, but generally competent.

Much better value for money than many close-by overpriced alternatives.
This is a good new Thai place in the site of the old Warsaw Cafe. My wife and I have been three times since it opened about a week ago, and each of the six dishes we've tried has been great. My favorite so far is the Pad Khimao, which was nice and spicy. If you're not into spicy food, most of the other dishes are mild (the menu alerts you to the spicier ones, and you can also specify your preferred spiciness on a 1-5 scale).

The service has been good, both for take-out and dining in. And the space has been decorated very tastefully. Since it's on a residential part of 16th St., just south of Spruce, there's a very nice neighborhood-treasure-to-be feeling to the restaurant. The slightly out-of-the-way location seems to have limited their business so far, but hopefully the crowds will start coming once the word of mouth advertising spreads about their good food.

Jasmine Rice is worth a try. Good food, friendly service, and a nicely decorated space.
We came here for a friend's birthday. There were around 15 of us so I think that's why the wait for food was so slow. It took a really long time for the food to come out and it came out in sections so not all of us got our food at the same time. I got the Sriracha Calamari and Crispy Duck Fried Rice. The portions are really small and I wasn't full at all. The calamari was average, nothing special. The duck was really dry and dissatisfying. 

The service was friendly and it's BYOB but besides that I'm not a fan of the food at all.
Had dinner here last night with a friend. It's a small, quaint place. It wasn't too crowded last night around 7. My friend got the chicken satay skewers and I got the ginger dumplings. The dumplings were delicious and crunchy. The sauce for the satay skewers was also very tasty. 

For our entrees we both go Chicken Pad Thai. It was ok. The portion was a little on the smaller side and it didn't have as much peanut flavor as I prefer. My friend had been there before and got the Duck dish and said it was amazing. The service was good and prompt. I would try Jasmine Rice again and try a different entree.
The best green curry in philadelphia hands down. The shrimp are huge and there's so much of the bamboo shoots it will blow your mind. I love how they let you upgrade the spice level. The papaya salad was said to be award winning and I can see why. It's so fresh, tang, and tart. The tom yum soup was also very good they gave me more oil so I could control exactly how sour it was. The rolls were a little on the small side but tasty none the less~ I will forever be a loyal customer and fan of Jasmine Rice. I wanted to try they green curry rice dish and pad thai but the green curry is so good I just can't not order it!!!!!!!
I went out on a second date to Jasmine Rice because I looove Thai food, even though I can't name most of the dishes.  It was Saturday night, so the place was packed and there was only one table available RIGHT next to kitchen-Yikes!  But they quickly made up for this inconvenience with excellent service.

They were on! If they saw I was done with my appetizer silverware, they promptly replaced it with our entree cutlery.  They saw my water running low...seconds later, it was filled. It was like watching a well orchestrated waiter ballet.  I started to sway in my seat.  Then came the choreographer of this perfect dance.  I believe his name was Bob. He created the menu and he took the time to explain it and suggested something that was...mmmm!

I wish I remembered the name of it, but it was duck and sweet and spicy and exactly what I wanted.  Aside from the food, I believe that Bob was the best part of the experience.  He was informative, jovial and really was the icing of an already wonderful dining experience.

If I had to complain about anything it would be the size.  Intimacy is one thing, but at one point I felt like I could reach over and have some of our neighbor's appetizers and they would be none the wiser.  But if they continue with their top-notch service, expansion should be inevitable.

Loved it!
I recently dined-in at Jasmine Rice and it was so-so. The spring rolls were really tasty, but probably the best part of the night. I ordered the Pad Thai because it is one of my favorite dishes and a pretty good indicator of a good Thai restaurant. The dish was overly sweet and just not a good Pad Thai, with almost no sprouts and no peanuts-- I would not order this again. My boyfriend had the Crying Tiger salad which he thought was ok because it was spicy but a little on the vinegar-y side. The service was very good in this tiny place, with the server regularly checking on us and refilling our water. We'll probably return because of proximity to try a few more things, but not dying to go back.
This place has the best Thai food I ever had. The food is very authentic and flavorful. I tried many Thai restaurants but nothing like this one. It tastes like nice home cooked food. I love the Coconut custard here. I have never tried something like that before. Overall its a very good restaurant to go to for thai food. Love it!
Flavors and low level of heat a bit Americanized for my tastes. Ordered food on way home from airport and was told it would be ready in 30 minutes, and it certainly took a bit longer.  After a long day of travel I was starving--to have brought home this blander version of Thai food was disappointing.  Perhaps owners could ask customers if they want bolder spicing and heat? This place was recommended to me as the best Thai in the city but I felt it didn't meet expectations.
3.5 stars.

Decent, pretty average thai food.  Nothing spectacular, but still a satisfying meal.  The prices are standard for the Rittenhouse area.  All the waitresses were super friendly, and although our food took a while to come out...everything was super HOT.

Overall, if you're on an expedition for the BEST thai food in Philly--look elsewhere.  However, this is quite a charming restaurant...perfect for date night or a quiet meal with friends.  Bonus point for BYO.
If all it takes to win stars is the location, then this place would definitely be top notch. Loved this feel of this little place! Cute little brick 2 story makes me excited to see what lies in store...

Loved how intimate the setting is...Wood floors, white walls, filled with white draped tables intermingled with white-washed wooden posts. Makes everything seem like a blank canvas awaiting the colors and flavors of Thailand to grace the stage.

Colorful Thai fare, yes! Flavorful Thai fare, not so much.

Ordered a few of the staples I typically prefer on a first visit: Pad Kee Mao and Papaya Salad. Ordered both Medium heat since I'm fairly comfortable with Thai spice. Unfortunately, they either forgot to spice or they just went waaaayyyyyyy too easy on me. The colorful dishes left me yearning for missing flavors and spice.

Lunch portions may be a bit smaller than Dinner. Maybe not...but come to think of it, having a larger portion of bland Thai leftovers might have been a bad thing to bring back to the hotel room.

Guess my venture into the Philly Thai Cuisine scene just didn't work out. :(
I was looking to try a new Thai restaurant and stumbled upon Jasmine Rice. Apparently they've been here for 5 years. Based on reviews I was expecting really good food. I ordered the massaman curry with chicken. First impression, too sweet. Second, first bite of chicken was tough as rubber. And for them to charge $16, I thought it was entirely too overpriced for the quality.
1 star is too much for this place. If you want to eat horrible food that not only tastes very bad but also doesn't resemble anything Thai then this is the place for you. I didn't like the food but it straight up gave my partner food poisoning. We tried alerting the owner that the food tastes strange, we wanted to return a dish that tasted completely off but the owner said that he won't return the dish or exchange it and that he will call the cops if we don't pay for the dish, even though there was clearly something wrong with it.
Rittenhouse prices with small portions. 

We came on a Wednesday night. There were 3 other tables sat full of guests along with us, and it seemed as though the only staff member was waitress, server, and cook all in one. The food came out remarkably fast even after she was balancing take out orders, as well as the orders from the other tables.

The decor and size of the place is very cozy. It felt like having dinner in someone's house.

Thai papaya salad: good balance of citrus, sweetness, and crunch. Very tasty. 

Pad khi mao: reminds me of spicy chow fun. This was pretty awesome, and had a good amount of spice to it.  

Green curry: not that remarkable. Bland, skimpy on vegetables, and no spice whatsoever. 

Overall, this was a okay experience. Check came out to $40. I thought this was very pricey compared to the amount of food that we got. 

Definitely comparable to Erawan Thai Cuisine. If you're looking for strictly cheaper take-out, try Thai Singha House To Go.
nice, compact menu with a lot of interesting flavors.  mussels with green curry sauce comes with crispy basil, and the shrimp rolls are fried but not greasy.  dishes aren't too heavy, and even the spicy ones don't leave your mouth ringing and your brain wondering why you ordered them.  the drunken duck (not always on the menu) was a great treat -- crispy green beans, even more crispy skinned duck that was tender and in a smooth peanut sauce.  ringed by some flaming rum, it was one of the most inventive and original thai dishes i've had.
I have to say I was a little disappointed at Jasmine Rice. My BF and I go to Smile Cafe way too often on Saturday night date nights so we were in the market for a new Thai place. On a recent visit my boyfriend informed me that Jasmine Rice had just opened and that it looked cute inside. OK he didn't exactly say that, but the interior designer definitely did a good job making this a cozy place. By the way, their bathroom is very clean which is always a plus. 

To start things off, we ordered our usual fav appetizer, Chao Phraya Express, which was a solid version of a summer roll. We tried Pad Khimao (Drunken Noodles) and Massaman Curry for our entrees. Boring I know, but we like to stick to the standard dishes when we're trying out a new restaurant. We both were impressed with the food here. BF said that the Pad Khimao was the best he's had yet in Philly. I thought the curry was tasty and spiced nicely. I was also impressed with the presentation.

So why the 3 stars? I admit that I had gotten used to the cheap Thai restaurants in Chicago where you could get a great plate of Pad Thai for $7. Portions at Jasmine Rice are on the smaller side, and the prices are a little bit more than I like to spend on my student budget. Additionally, the place is kinda cramped--even for a small Asian like me. Tables are stacked right next to each other, and this made the dining experience a little uncomfortable.

I guess I was hoping this would be the cheap, neighborhood Thai place. One where you could quickly stop by any day of the week and get a filling dinner. This is not that kind of place, but the food is still good.
Good food all organic and stuff for gluten free vegan hipsters but smaller portions and about 4 dollars more per dish than other places and expect to order extra rice if you get a curry dish. They have a limited simple menu which is smart for white ppl but as a thai person the dishes lack full flavor.
Jasmine Rice was a simple, elegant way to spend an evening with my family. I came to visit from New York and my father picked me up after making a reservation for 7:30pm on a Wednesday. We arrived 5 minutes early and were seated (the restaurant was half empty due to rain). We brought with us a growler of beer and bottle of wine to share, which was more than enough for us. The host was very kind and made sure we were well hydrated while we waited for our food to come out. It did not take too long before appetizers and soups came to the table, followed by the main course. I had the crispy duck fried rice, which was quite tasty, and all other meals were enjoyed as well. 

Overall a wonderful place for a meal, and not too expensive!
Service is SLOW. Waitress was sleepy. Ignored my request for mild spices. Food arrived WAY too spicey. Wake up, waitress! Listen to me when I say "MILD spice."
Delicious BYO in Philly! I love that Philly have BYO restaurants that are actually nice and classy (to some degree) and have delicious food. My first experience was at Mercato and now at Jasmine Rice - both did not disappoint at all! 

We ordered a variety of dishes and here are my recommendations: 
+Green curry
+Pad kee mao
+basil tofu dish with egg on top
+green tea mocha

The service is probably what set the good thai food apart from other thai restaurants - it was a nice sit down thai restaurant, without too much fuss / extravagant pricing, and considering we sat there for 4+ hours, the service was extremely kind. We were never asked to move faster than our pace, our waters kept refiling and our waiter had no issues clearing our numerous wine bottles. We were one of the last parties in there and he still very happily gave us dessert recommendations. The one thing that was off was that our dishes didn't come out together so we waited awkwardly for all 4 main courses to arrive before we started eating. Other than that, I would definitely come back here for another BYO dinner!
My sister and I decided to have dinner here last Friday. We definitely had high hopes! We left pretty disappointed...

Service is super slow and inattentive. Food is not bad- when they get it right. They completely messed up our whole order.

I expected more...too bad...maybe carry out next time (shrugs)
I normally don't like any type of coconut curry, but man the red curry here was on point. Yum!
It was a little cold and blustery the other day and I wanted something warm and comforting. We had walked by Jasmine Rice before but never tried it. We decided to stop in yesterday for a really late lunch. I had the lemongrass soup with tofu and vegetables. The soup was like Tom Yum soup but a little sweeter. Overall decent and I would get it again. My boyfriend had the chicken satay and then we split the red curry chicken and had brown rice. 

My only comment on the red curry was that it was lacking in vegetables. The chicken portion was fine but it seemed like instead of vegetables, there were a ton of bamboo shoots. The flavor of the curry was nice and I thought the medium spiciness was dead on.  I thought the portions overall looked small but they ended up being really filling. I would definitely go back and try out more dishes !
This was a big disappointment. My husband and I love Thai food, but the food here was average at best. The curry dishes were small and unfulfilling. Also, we were a group of 8 that had to wait for over an hour for our order. When we asked the waiter about it he was indifferent and didn't try to apologise or compensate us.
It's a really cute little cozy place, with super friendly staff and very prompt service.  The food was very good, as well.  No complaints!
Nice people, but food is very sweet. We had the pad Thai and massaman curry, and couldn't stomach either.
BYOB made all the difference! Food was just okay, nothing to write home about but not awful either. Stay away from the calamari. Ours may have just been overlooked but my goodness, they shouldn't have served it. Curry was tasty but they give you such a tiny scoop of rice you'll have to ask for more multiple times. I'm sure there is better Thai around but if you find yourself in the area and you have a bottle of wine, check it out. Maybe...
We came here on a thursday night around 6 before an orchestra concert at the Kimmel Center. Most of the tables had reservation tags on them. Since there was only 3 tables taken at that time, we were seated. I wanted to hear Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg's preconcert talk at 7, so I wanted a place nearby. We did make it to the talk on time. (and she was worth hearing talk as well as play)

I've uploaded a few photos. We had the green curry with chicken and "the king and I". The green curry is good. Two things to point out though. Whenever you see a menu where you can choose the meat - here you can add chicken, beef, shrimp, duck, salmon, seafood or none - you know that it has not been cooked in the curry. This chicken was not dry as is the usual case with such menus. The other thing that would have improved it is the addition of fresh kaffir lime leaves. Otherwise, the curry is better than the low end Maesri canned paste curries you find in mediocre Thai food places.

The Kind and I came with shrimp and chicken. The sauce was Prik Khing - a gingery paste - without coconut milk like a curry. It tasted like the shrimp and chicken were cooked in the sauce. It was good.

I've had Thai food all over the world, including Thailand. This place does not rank among the best. But locally it is among the best.

The space is indeed small and the tables are close together. By the time we left (6:45 or so) it was fairly full. The crowd was mostly composed of concert goers. So, the too-cool-for-this-planet hipster crowd was not in evidence. If that is what you are seeking, then Monk's is only a block away.
Fantastic Thai food in the heart of Philadelphia. It's a small restaurant, so definitely make reservations if you're coming on a peak night. You can customize the protein and spice level in almost all of the menu items, so their food is definitely vegetarian friendly. I would recommend their soups, which are all packed with flavor (my favorite is tom yum), and their basil fried rice. Try "Thai-spicy" level is you really want a kick!
This place was impeccable! I've been trying to get good Thai in the city for quite some time! Not only did the owner have incredible customer service, but her cooking was top notch!
Talk about authentic food! I've been to many Thai restaurants -- and when I say many I mean a lot -- and while the experiences have been okay, there's a flavor prolife that seemed to be missing. Maybe I'm spoiled because I've traveled to Thailand on several occasions and ate where local people ate, how knows, but I didn't have that issue with Jasmine Rice.

When I say the food is good, I mean it's damn good! It's been a while since I wanted to hug the chef. Everything is made to order. Everything is fresh. Everything is so good I found myself eating well past full because the food just felt so good in my mouth.

And can we talk about portion size for a second. Like, seriously, you're not going to feel slighted in the least. you're taking food home with you, so prepare. Not going to complain... more for me later.

The food is made to your liking. There is no way you're not going to walk away with a smile on your face.

You can find good Thai food in Philadelphia. If you want the best, then you have to come to Jasmine Rice!

(Like now... stop reading this and go see for yourself.)
Tried to come here on a Sunday night but the one waitress working the place wasn't able to seat any more people. Forward to Monday late morning, and was able to get a table for two without any wait.

Wanted to get the Salmon Dinner, unfortunately the waitress mentioned they hadn't been able to get the fish because the market was closed. Determined, opted instead for the Massaman Curry ($15) - a large bowl of coconut curry with peanuts potatoes, carrots, and chicken. Food comes out after 15 minutes, a moderate sized bowl with all the aforementioned ingredients. After a few bites, realized that they hadn't put any potatoes in the dish. Waitress comes around and she says that they were out of potatoes so they replaced them with carrots. Not great service, because I wouldn't have ordered the dish in that case. We also had ordered Black Tea, but was given Green Tea instead because they were out of the black (she did end up taking this off the bill).

Food here was okay, service not so much. Maybe it's better on normal weekdays.
I'm on a streak with writing bad reviews and it's making me so sad. Came here at 1:30pm today (Tuesday) the place was locked and empty. Which is disappointing because I was really excited to try this location. The Old City location is great however, I'll have to wait and try the Center City.
Came here with a friend for takeout on a Friday night. We had the seafood special and curry. The food was delicious and seafood freshly made. The owner was so gracious and kind to invite us inside and made us feel welcomed. Jasmine Rice is our new neighborhood favorite!
I was excited to try this place and hoping that it broke me out of my Thai Coconut Soup and Chick Pad Thai craze I've been stuck in (thanks My Thai...) and I think its the perfect place for that.  The service was lacking a bit, we had everything we needed but the server just seemed a little frazzled and the dinner definitely took longer than it needed to.  

- Ginger Scallion Dumplings were fantastic!
- Spring rolls were kind of boring, not terrible but definitely have had better at most thai places.
- Siam Salmon was cooked very well and the sweet, spicy combo was pretty great.
Came here during the lunch hour on a weekday with a coworker. It's a small, intimate restaurant with plenty of seating and a small crowd. Our waitress was very kind and definitely gave us our space. Maybe even too much space because we lost track of time and ended up being there for an hour and a half lunch before having to ask for the check. Whoops? I ordered the coconut soup with shrimp, which was a tangy, sweet party on my tastebuds. My only complaint with the soup was that it cost $4 and the bowl was only one third full. The portion was perfect, but the price is definitely not right for this, especially since this was the lunch hour and I ordered it separately because it didn't come as a starter for my meal. For my main meal, I ordered chicken pad Thai, which was awesome! I have a special place in my food heart for the chicken pad Thai at a restaurant in Newton, MA, but Jasmine Rice's chicken pad Thai was definitely comparable, if not better! I enjoyed my food and experience here and will definitely go back, I'll just need to keep time in mind for my next visit so I don't accidentally take an extra long lunch break!
Very good, tasty, not amazing, maybe too adjusted for Western taste. With that said we will be back, too many other intriguing menu choices. I had Lemon Grass soup she had Coconut soup. Very subtle flavors and light. Lemon grass not as hot as I expected. To be fair you can specify a level of heat a day we did not. She had Ginger Garlic Chicken stir fry -- she was not impressed, would give it 3 out of 5. Chicken seemed precooked not stir fry cooked with rest of ingredients.

I had Pad Thai, a bit too simple, good, not outstanding. Tasty.

Byob, so that it always good!
Looks like other yelpers have found this place to be hit or miss.  For me it was mainly a hit, but it's clear that they're still working out the kinks.  My friends and I made reservations (a must since this place, as others indicated, is a teeny-tiny space) and when we arrived they bizarrely decided to seat us at two tables pulled together...and then leave another 2-seater against the wall on our other side.  It was poor planning on their part since nobody could sit at that table (it would have been impossible to get in there) and they ended up turning away interested patrons.  I digress...

Crispy tofu appetizer was okay, and yes, the service was s-l-o-w so best not to come here if you're on your way to something else, BUT the entrees were delicious.  The spice is legitimate *spice* so it's not for the faint of heart.  Oddly, my pad see ew came out with pad thai noodles...I kinda had my heart set on the bigger noodles but I quickly got over it.  

The servers were nice and apologetic when they saw us wondering about our other entrees.  My friend loved her lemongrass soup and tried to "save" a bit of it to take home.  Our server actually filled up another bowl for her to take with her (no charge)...how nice is that?  

Give Jasmine Rice a shot, but it's best to go in with an open mind and some time to kill.
