As far as cheap, yummy food goes... Jean's is the best.

Jean's serves as a hot spot for many college students and hungry people in the Center City area. Getting fairly busy around lunch time. So make sure to get there before the rush!

As far as sandwiches go they use Boar's Head deli meats, which is the best. But I go for the breakfast sandwiches. I absolutely love them. Especially the sausage, egg, and cheese on a bagel. Making any morning (or even lunch) awesome!
No brainer 5-star review here. $4.50 for an egg white omelet with spinach, rye toast and homefries. WHAT. Sure, it wasn't a behemoth omelet, but it did the trick and I walked out stuffed. And sure, it's not the nicest spot, but it's large enough you're not cramped if you want to take out and there's plenty of tables around if you want to sit and eat in house. For a quick meal in the area, come here, bring a 5 spot... and leave with change. 

Bonus: you can order via machine ala Wawa
Nice friendly little neighborhood sandwich shop. I had a delicious tuna hoagie here.  Special orders are no problem, they try really hard to please. Conveniently located to several hotels. Before you drop you whole per diem on an expensive hotel restaurant dinner, if you are really in the mood for a sandwich, try Jean's Cafe.
dear god...

I just started working in the wanamaker building this week and I have already been here twice. The sandwhiches are amazing and insanely cheap. I just had a Dirty Harry - ham, smoked turkey, fresh mozz, lettuce, tomato, balsalmic, oil on a foot long roll for like $5!! sooo banging.  turkey club was amazing to. def my new fav lunch spot.
Great cafe that gave me exactly what I was looking for this morning: a bacon, egg, and cheese, with a tomato slice on an English Muffin. My brother went with the burger special. Total came out to $8 and that's just awesome. Definitely a great spot for a quick hot meal, especially when calories don't mattah.
Jean's Cafe is my go-to spot for lunch when I forget to brown bag it (which is pretty often, by the way). They make the best BLT (crunchy bacon! yes!) and the prices are cheap. Plus, they have the cutest descriptions of their food items on the take out menu. Eggy! Cheesy! Yum yum for your tum tum! 

I am a sucker for crispy bacon and cute things so naturally I'm a big fan of Jean's.

The only problem (which is why they don't get the fifth star) is that they are sort of unorganized about their order-taking/cashiering process. I really wish they would realize how much more smoothly things would go if one person takes the orders while the other rings people up (you pay when your food is ready). It would really cut down on the lunch time chaos. Especially since people never know where to form a line!

Other than that, I'll keep ordering my BLT, even if I sometimes feel an anxiety attack creeping up on me. (My therapist is on speed-dial. No worries, peeps.)
Jean's Cafe has been a staple in my life for five years now, and I hope it stays that way. It's a fantastic little deli that you've probably walked by a million times. But how can you? After all, they're "sandwich specialists"!

My forever favorite at Jean's is the egg and cheese sandwich--"eggy and cheesy" on their menu. I don't know what they put in it (probably crack) but it's one of my favorite egg sammies in the city. The BLT is also great, and the french toast is practically free. But stay away from the burgers.

Make sure you take a moment to read the menu. It's chock full of adorable phrases like "Hot! Hot! From the griddle! Yup!" and "Vegetarian, for the non-carnivorous rex."
(Singing) "First I was afraid, I was petrified..." 

Okay, I'll stop. But seriously, I constantly walked past this place because I thought it was a corner store that might have food on the level of a gas station. Judgmental, I know.

After walking in, I still wasn't impressed. Of course, I had already read through several Yelp reviews, so I knew this place could be trusted. I stuck to the memory of the reviews and stepped up to the register to order the Spanish chicken wrap... amazing. 

This wrap is huge. You could eat half of it and you'd be full. What's the catch? You won't be able to stop at half... grab a fork because it's pretty messy. It's stuffed full of chicken, pepper jack cheese, tomato sauce, and lots of veggies.

I grabbed a menu on my way out and noticed that under 'Wraps,' item #150 says, "The list goes on and on. Just ask us to wrap what you like, and we will do our best to satisfy you." I'm going to create my own wrap, name it, and then order it every week until they put it on the menu. I'll let you know when you can order the "Wei Wrap."  

My only complaint about this place? The hours aren't convenient for my busy little schedule. I'd love to order from Jean's for a quick dinner but they close at 6pm M-F and at 3:30pm on Sat.  Sunday... closed. (Sigh)
Pros: 
-Large food portions
-Solid breakfast and lunch menu items
-Even when there is a line, they are fast and friendly
-Got a breakfast platter and it was good
-The prices were super affordable 

Cons: 
-$10 minimum for card use
-seating inside is kind of minimal
-really is a "hole in the wall" sort of place but still cool
What would I do without Jean's? As a Uarts student who spends the majority of her time in the studio, Jean's has saved the day on more occasions than one. In addition to being an overworked design student, I also try my darndest to avoid gluten. Being gluten free and trying to hunt down a decent lunch in center city can be difficult. So many sandwiches, but nothing to eat! Enter Jean's and their vast selection of omelets. I may be a rare breed, but I will take a good omelet and home fries over a sandwich any day. Jean's has become such a staple for our department terms like the 'combo jammy' and 'omelet time' have become notorious. And of course, they have ridiculously reasonable prices. Lunch for $5, yes please!

One bad note though: the ketchup they have in packets for take out is disgusting! It lacks the proper tang of good ketchup and just generally tastes flat, so to speak. I always load up on the bottled stuff before I leave.
A great place for a bite to eat at lunchtime. Definitely try the chicken parm sandwich. Great selection of other deli sandwichs, salads, and wraps as well. You can use your credit card but only at a $5 minimun which is basically what you pay anyway.
Jean's is the place to go for breakfast! A lot of people call their orders in, but I always order in person. They have a wide variety of options for breakfast, and their lunch choices look good too.
This place has an assortment of breakfast & lunch items at a price that you would expect from a roach coach and not a brick & mortar restaurant. 

My only complaint is that they never answer the phone when I try to call ahead to make an order, but it's not that bad considering that no matter what you order there, it's done within 10 minutes. 

Their turkey bacon, egg, and cheese sandwiches haunt me in my dreams with how delcious they are,
I started eating at Jean's a few years back when I was working Saturday mornings with nothing but crappy Dunkin' Donuts sandwiches to choose from at 7AM. Needless to say I was stoked to find somewhere with actual hot food that I could have for breakfast without the hike (from where I'm at) and the grease of Little Pete's down towards 17th Street.

I always enjoyed their breakfast food and just recently rediscovered them for lunch. The food is good portions for a great price, which is why it attracts all the college students in the area. I mean, I seriously got a grilled cheese with tomato one day with a drink AND chips for $4! You can't beat that price, not even at some of the food carts in the area. 

Sandwiches and Burgers are pretty good...even the turkey burgers (and I usually gag from "turkey" based products like burgers and sausage). Breakfast is amazing and good platter portions for cheap. Seriously, don't even think  of going to IHOP down the block for their overpriced and overcooked crap on a platter (unless it's 3am and you are drunk, of course) . You can get twice the quality for half the price at Jean's.
Believe what they say about the turkey bacon, egg and cheese sandwich! I got provolone cheese and eggs scrambled on a Kaiser roll and it was a heavenly lunch. The melted cheese was stringy and delicious! My mouth is watering at the thought of how soft the roll was. The portion size is perfect for lunch--not too big/heavy. Probably wouldn't be enough for a decent-sized dinner. The drink selection is huge and they sell Asian snacks that can usually be found only in Asian grocery stores.

I went in during lunch time and even though there were a lot of people picking up food for their breaks, the service was fast and the food was prepared efficiently. I've heard good things about their breakfast, but I'm afraid I'll be ordering the same thing when I come here.
Excellent breakfast, fresh-made, hot and delicious. Perfectly made omelet and homefries. Staff, server younger female was pleasant and helpful, older female not so friendly. Maybe a language barrier ‍
Reasonable price, quick service, and great food. What more could you ask for?
i work across the street from jean's cafe. it's hard to not get breakfast at this place. awesome selection of beverages and breakfast combos. they offer egg white substitutions on all omlettes, which i love. the home fried potatoes are always delicious. service is friendly and efficient and the prices are not too bad!
Why is this place reviewed so highly? Yes, it's cheap... but so are many other places.  We went here for breakfast, and it was fine, but it was certainly nothing special.  I did appreciate that they have turkey bacon and sausage available.  The place looks like it needs some maintenance, especially the bathroom.  The staff were friendly at least and brought us our food after we ordered at the counter.  But really... don't go out of your way to come here.   I guess it's good for you if you work in the area, but otherwise... not really worth it.  There are so many other interesting and reasonably-priced options in the area.
Pretty good hoagies. I am partial to Boar's Head deli meats but wish their rolls were a better quality. That said the kiosk allowed for a good deal of customization and ease in ordering. The food was ready quickly and the portions were pretty generous. There is also a lot of combo options and variety of drinks. All in all a pretty good lunch spot.
The name of Jeans Café is a misnomer.  This is not a café but more of a deli/convenient store.  That doesn't make it bad, it's just not a place you are going to sip on your latte while eating your kale salad.  This is a place where you order sammiches of fried foods with fries and coke or buy a 20 ounce Mountain Dew and a pack of Skittles.

We came hear one morning because of the great reviews to get a couple breakfast sandwiches and a coffee.  I ordered an egg, cheese and sausage sammich on a bagel.  They have about 4 or 5 different bagels to choose from and they cooked my sandwich to order.  The sandwich came out piping hot and was really good.  The price was very reasonable and the people working were really friendly. The place itself isn't much to look at, just a typical deli/convenient store.  Decent little spot if you need a quick, fast, cheap meal
For the price you pay it's definitely worth it! You pick the type of bagel and cheese. Plenty of different breakfast meat options. I chose: everything bagel with provolone and bacon. 

Quick and fast service. To-go bagels are wrapped perfectly and cut in half for convenience! 

Def a great deal. I'll be back.
I love Jean's Cafe.  Good for breakfast or lunch, this place is always hopping.  Their breakfast sandwiches are a healthier and cheaper substitute to the grease cart's on nearby Broad Street.  For lunch they have a good selection of deli sandwiches and wraps.  

It's on the small side, but seating is available.  The service is great so its easy to get in and out.
I could seriously eat their breakfast sandwiches every day. I was devouring a bacon, egg, and cheese on wheat about twice a week at one point, but decided to scale it back because there's no way that much bacon can be healthy for anyone. Since then I've tried the turkey bacon, egg and cheese (because, hey... it's turkey!) but more recently I've been sticking to a breakfast sandwich with spinach and even - stay with me - mushrooms. I know everyone doesn't get down with the fungus, but it is seriously tasty. Try it! I believe you won't be disappointed. The CHEESE! It makes the whole thing. Gooey, melty white American cheese is just oozing out of the thing. Mmmmm. Can you tell I just ate one? I think I could go for another. 

I'm less versed in their lunch selections, but you can grab a pre-made basic salad for mad cheap: $2.50 for a small and $3.50 for a large, if I recall correctly. They have also been advertising their tomato soup with grilled cheese combo, which... sounds... delicious. 

The service is snappy and the folks are friendly. The place draws a nice crowd in the morning and the afternoons can get packed. Call ahead if you are pressed for time. Pretty good drink selections too at reasonable prices, including Fuse, coconut water, soda, various teas, and a few pre-made coffees; not to mention the fountain sodas and brewed coffee or hot tea. 

Get some!
Jean's made a really rad bowl of brown sugar oatmeal. Their default amount of brown sugar is just enough so that you get the occasional lump of sugar in your oats. 

And they give you your choice of toppings: brown sugar, white sugar, butter, cream, cinnamon etc...

Oh, and their oatmeal has just the right consistency...like the middle bear in Goldilocks...it wasn't too liquid...it didn't stick to my spoon like a brick. It was JUST RIGHT.

(But the cookie killed it. Dammit. If I want a chocolate chip cookie, there had better be more than 10 chips in it.)

The drink selection is huge. Next time, I'll gussy up the courage to try the espresso coffee soda beverage.
If you want a solid, no nonsense, inexpensive breakfast, you've come to the right place. Egg sandwiches from $2.75 to $4. Lots of different omelets. Pancakes, French toast, oat meal. Looks like some nice deli too.
Jean's is solid, but when push comes to shove... I'm not going to write home about it. I am, however, going to come back when I need lunch in a pinch.

As a college student interning in the city, sometimes all that I really need is a damn good sandwich for damn near zero dollars and zero cents. It's a tall order, but Jean's tries their best.

I'll come in occasionally for lunch and I've had several things on the menu. The first time I came to Jean's I had a Chicken Cheesesteak. I ended up paying about $7.50 for just the sandwich. For that amount of money I would expect something totally delicious and it wasn't bad--it just wasn't the best. Also, I waited a long time for it--about 25 minutes after ordering.

The second time I figured I would take a swing at their breakfast menu. If you're looking for a value, definitely go towards the morning menu. I got a nice, cheap Western omelette, but again I was underwhelmed. The omelette was super greasy and tasted like velveeta... not exactly appetizing.

The third time I went for a regular roast beef sandwich. It was also fairly average and no cheaper than others I've had in the city. The ingredients tasted fresh, though, which was a nice plus.

It's clear that this place knows how to handle their lunch crowd. They always have a small line of folks, and it is a great in-and-out on your lunch break, but why spend your money on an average sandwich? I would rather make my own.
As much as it pains me, I need to give Jean's two stars. I live within walking distance of Jean's and I love going to Jean's with my boyfriend for yummy and inexpensive breakfast sandwiches. Breakfast is usually pretty good and I've never had issues calling orders in and picking them up on the weekend.
I just had my first lunch experience and it was miserable. I ordered a warm Tarzan sandwich and waited for 25 minutes, in the meantime, watched the staff them pick up every order on their "outgoing items" table before mine. Other rude customers who had come in after me began complaining about their orders and so they received their sandwiches before me.
I contemplated leaving but right as I was about to, she called my name. I took my sandwich back to the office and found that my sandwich that was supposed to be mozzarella and grilled veggies on a baguette was soggy, balsamic drenched vegetables on a hoagie roll.

Unfortunately, I don't think I'll be going back to Jean's again.
As much as I want to give this place 4 stars, I just can't.  I don't find the food to be that tasty.  They reuse the same bland chicken in most of the sandwiches/wraps. 

Also, don't even attempt to touch the tuna salad.  It's runny.  I've given that two tries just incase it was an off day the first time, but that is just how they make it.

Staff is really friendly and quick.    Fresh food and affordable, but you get what you pay for in most cases, and this place is no exception.
i was glad that it was open. the food was great. took a minute but it was packed. def a spot to go to if you're in the area at a hotel, very inexpensive..
Fairly typical urban deli - exactly like the ubiquitous neighborhood delis I'm used to from my time in New York - with large breakfast and sandwich menu. Simple, honest-to-goodness ingredients and quick, efficient service. Little ambience to speak of, which is the point: it's good for a quick, tasty, and inexpensive in-and-out order or on-the-spot chowdown.
Went in for lunch today. There was no line. I entered my order via the kiosk - very easy - and then sat down to wait maybe 4-5 minutes until my order was ready. Paid at the counter when I got my food. 

I had the turkey bacon/egg/cheese on a Kaiser that seems popular on here. Provolone, added tomatoes. I ordered it with ketchup, but they seem to have forgotten that. Except for the missing ketchup, the sandwich was quite good. Nothing amazing or fancy, but definitely a good sandwich.
Checked out Jean's for lunch and breakfast in the past week.  The turkey club was good and the bacon was crispy.  They slice the meats to order and use Boar's Head.  Pretty quick service for lunchtime too.  The bacon, egg and cheese sandwish did not stand out but was delicious as it should be (mmm, bacon.)  Maybe I didn't get anything that warranted "sandwish specialists" but I thought it was good but not fantastic.  I'll go again if I'm nearby or want a change.
I feel bad rating this place a three, but I mean no harm by it. I ate here virtually every day for a summer, and the food was never bad. Unfortunately it was never better than good either. Dependable, but never stellar.
I know I said I'd rather go to Citi Marketplace and i still sort of stand by that.

But I was a little hard on Jean's. They've been my haven in the early hours when I'm craving my egg and cheese on rye for cheap and under 5 minutes when I'm rushing to work. They're always really nice. They've got some great specials, too.

Jean's, I'm giving you some love. You deserve it.
During a trip for a convention, I asked the hotel concierge where the best place to get a good breakfast sandwich, and he heartily suggested Jean's Cafe.  There was a short line that started just outside the door, but they were so fast, that I didn't have to wait.  I ordered a bunch of breakfast sandwiches, and picked up a few juices, for my pals.  Everyone agreed that the sandwiches were excellent.  Every morning, I went back and tried more of their breakfast sandwiches, and each one was as good as the last.  I'm very glad Jean's was recommended to us, as it made our mornings a lot more bearable.
This place has the most overwhelming menu in the city for lunch! If you want quick service and you are very picky with your food this place is for you. They have touch screens to order food and you get to modify everything yourself. The gourmet sandwiches were tasty but they do overuse their condiments. I got the chicken hoagie and it was dripping in ranch and cheese sauce so the bread got really soggy. The prices are really good so you cant complain there especially for where they are located.
Awesome, awesome price point for a solid breakfast sandwich, and an extensive menu with loads of options. The cold case filled with drinks was overwhelming with all of its options. Adding this to the breakfast rotation for sure.
We were recently in town for a day and were looking for a decent breakfast within walking distance to our hotel.  We had passed Jean's while strolling the streets and after reading the Yelp reviews, we settled on it for breakfast the next day.  And what a pleasant experience we had.  

My group consisted of my wife, my two sons (ages 9 and 7) and me. Seating is limited, so beware of that if you are looking to have a sit down meal.  But, we found a table and went about ordering.  The boys weren't hungry but did get to pick from a number of juices and milks available.  My wife had scrambled eggs, home fries, and toast.  The #1 I think.  I had the westen omelette that came with the same sides.  The wait wasn't bad for our food and the portions were quite large for the small price we paid.  We really enjoyed the food and after adding the boys milk and an OJ to our order, I think we got out for less than 15 bucks.  Cheap and good!  Perfect.  

I would definitely recommend Jean's and if we are ever back in Philly, this will be on our list of places for breakfast.
Was looking for a luncheonette.  Something local, not a chain.  This place is family run.  It's a deli counter and a grill with some shabby tables.  The place is kind of filthy.  You bus your own table.  Not sure if anyone wipes down the tables.  We wiped down our own.  
Now the important stuff.  The omelettes were well prepared and tasty.  Home fries and french fries were good.  Burger was homemade and decent.  
Bathroom was shabby.  No soap.  Had to inform the counter help that they were out of soap.  She reassured me that the cooks use another sink with soap.  
In short, this place is low on atmosphere and high on plentiful inexpensive food.
Jean's doesn't have much ambiance, but the staff is friendly, and the chicken salad sandwich was very good - the chicken salad tasted homemade. The omelet was a bit dry, but it was just $4.50 with a side of oatmeal. Go.
As a misanthrope, I was pleased to order my ham and egg sand from a touchscreen. I still had to interact with the cashier so minus one star. Excellent breakfast sandwich btw.
good spot to grab breakfast!  i loooove their omelettes! you can pretty much get whatever you want in it and avg price is about $5 AND it comes with toast and homefries~  i can never finish the whole thing.. good for sharing too! lol 

i work in the building across the street so normally, i would just call in to place an order and each time i go in like 5-10 mins later, they have it ready! speedy service-- i like it!

they also have a wide variety of beverages for those who have strange cravings from day to day like me.. thank god they always have what i'm looking for! ^^;; 

the only thing to keep in mind is that they only accept credit cards for purchases over $10.. so if you're just grabbing breakfast, definitely remember to bring cash!  other than that, i'd def recommend this place especially to the locals to grab some quick grub.
Very good breakfast sandwich spot. I've never had the sit down breakfast but it always looks and smells delicious. It's usually pretty crowed but moves pretty good. Price is cheap for the location. Wish it would be open on Sunday, but everyone deserves a day or 2 off.  Service is friendly and has a wide variety of drinks, which is always good for battling a hangover. Definitely try if near by, don't let the facade deter you.
LOVE LOVE LOVVVVE! It doesn't have the frills or bells and whistles but who needs it when the food is just simply fantastic?! It's simple yet so satisfying. Lastly, you CAN'T beat the prices
Jean's is a little rough around the edges, but that's what i love about Jean's. the "Tuna Melty" is my fav tuna melt in philly. If you find yourself looking for a lunch bite near center city, this is usually a good choice
Great tasting, inexpensive food in a hurry. The have the friendliest employees in Philadelphia (and this is coming from a true Customer Service critic).
Consummate owner-managed cafe. Terrific breakfast all day; built for those in a hurry (breakfast sandwiches + touchscreen ordering) or no hurry. Pricing is very reasonable for a non chain.
Jean's Cafe is my consistent breakfast spot after a night shift at the hospital and I go here about 3x a week. The food is cheap relative to the neighborhood and a hearty breakfast of eggs, grits, sausage, and toast can be had for around $7. The menu consists of American food.

The interior is beautifully decorated in cute, bright colors and decorations as well.

The staff are super friendly, hard working, and fast.

This place is popular with students, construction workers, and locals.

There's strong Wi-Fi. 

Oh, and the trash cans are by the ATM to the left of the entrance.
I read the reviews and wanted a good breakfast sandwich. Well I got one. Sausage egg and cheese on a kaiser roll. Cheese is oozing out of it. Good hash browns too.
I adore this little café/deli. It has not changed a bit in the 10 years I've lived in Philly, can't say that about many places! Some of the best (& cheapest) egg sandwiches & omelets in the city, quality and creatively named sandwiches, and always fast & friendly service.
Great place. Lots of options. Good breakfast sandwiches. I wish they were open on Sunday.
I came across this deli on Yelp and am glad that I did.  Pay attention to a word that I just used, DELI.  This place is a no-frills deli.  Now that groundwork has been laid...

This place is a great spot for locals and travelers on a budget alike.  Take-out is likely 80% of their business, but they also have 6 or so tables if you wish to eat here, not waitstaff, but one of the owners might bring you your plate if you are seated at the last table in the back, where it is easier for them to walk to.

As for the food, it is tasty and served in good-sized portions.  The breakfast options range from egg, cheese and meat sandwiches to platters, pancakes and more.  Lunch time, they got your Philly Cheese Steak covered, as well as something more standard like turkey.  Going back to my opening comments, don`t come here expecting a really "nice cafe".  But, if you dig getting some affordable grub, that hits the spot from a basic deli, this is a great place to check out.
Jean's Cafe was perfect I wish I had found it the first day and not on the last! I kinda strange to be in this divey (good thing in my book) cafe but able to order through a kiosk! It was awesome...you know in the morning you may not be ready to deal with people yet? Well this was perfect for those moments! I bought a couple egg sandwiches and fresh fruit for the baby. Excellent pricing
This is THE SPOT.

Breakfast = western omelette with chez (onions, green peppers, ham) + homefries and toast for under $5.

Lunch = honey roasted turkey hoagie with chez + mad shit for ~$6. 

Those are my usuals, I come here on the reg. Sometimes I'll switch it up and get chicken tenders and cheese fries (slamin')
Was in town on business and looking for a cheap diner breakfast. As far as the food goes you definitely get what you pay for. Had the western omelet with home fries an toast for just over $5. Everything was lacking in salt. The home fries were dry and tasteless and required an excessive amount of ketchup to make them remotely palatable. The toast had a tiny bit of butter on half of it and globs of it on the other making it really soggy. For the price, I can deal with crappy diner food but what really baffled me was the complete disorganization of the cashier. The waiting line seem mostly a suggestion. It was a jumbled mess and people kept cutting in line. I noticed a couple of digital kiosks for ordering food so I stepped out of line to put in my food ordering. Apparently what you get is a bill for your food for which you then have to get back in the cashier line to pay for your food. People were also ordering food at the cashier so I don't understand the point of having multiple ordering locations when you still have to get back in the damn cashier line. It's possible that by getting the food order in earlier you would get your food earlier. I waited 15 minutes for my omelet. After putting my order in. Not including the prior wait time in the cashier line. 

If I could do it all over again, I would definitely shell out a few more bucks for a better breakfast somewhere else. If I'm ever in Philly again, I will not be back nor would I recommend Jean's to anyone else.
Just had the cheesy eggy with bacon on an English muffin and now i know what everyone is talking about.  Breakfast here is as cheap as a food cart but super delicious!  You just moved up a notch in my belt Jean which puts you at 5 stars! Thanks!

Side None: I tried the chocolate coconut water this time... meh.  I'll stick to the real deal plain natural stuff I like.
I used to visit this spot on the reg, but once I changed jobs, it was harder to get to. Today I made a special trip for good ole times, and ordered my favorite  breakfast sandwich- bacon egg and avocado on a toasted everything bagel. Wow, what a disappointment. The bagel wasn't toasted, the avocado was black on most of the sandwich, and the bacon was underdone. I ate a little bit and quickly realized how awful it was. So I've wasted my time, money, and am left with a stomach ache. Clean it up, Jeans. Doubtful I'll return...
Great place because you can order from a fancy little machine in the back. Also they call their cheesesteaks "cheesy steaks", which is very cute.

I have literally gotten a cheese steak every time I come here so I can't help you outside of that. But it's a super convenient place with lots of options.
By far my favorite breakfast sandwich spot. Their kaiser roll sandwiches are amazing, but what really changed my life was their toasted everything bagels with cream cheese and bacon. Yes, cream cheese and bacon. It sounds kinda funky, but good god it is delicious. So delicious, in fact, that I am regretting mentioning it for fear that more people may start ordering and it would no longer just be "my thing." 

I was totally eating that sandwich before it was cool. Just sayin. 

Eat at Jean's.
Tasty food. Customer service was great and friendly. Quick in and out an go on with my day.
We were staying at marriott and nearby eating spots were either in reading terminal or Chinese. We walked to this place - less than 10 min from hotel. You can order on computer or face to face. The computer doesn't have everything on the menu board but the woman easily adds what you need when paying. 
We were drawn by the yummy photos on yelp and the food delivered! Brief wait and it's brought to your table. We had a big group but able to break into 2 tables easily. 
We had eggs sausage bacon and bagels- everyone in the crowd was satiated, even the teens. It was a yummy low key and affordable place to eat. Also offer sandwiches but we only had breakfast items.
I love this place and all of the people that work there. I don't eat out much, but when I need something ..they are always good and cheap.
Prices are great and turkey sausage egg and cheese on kaiser roll was fucking excellent.
In the mood for a mom/pop kind of cafe for $5? Then this is the place to go! Yes, you are not going to get a beautiful plate, or something unique or mindblowing, but you are going to get a whole lot of food for a small amount of money. Plus, the service is friendly, and you always see a lot of regulars, which shows you this place is worthwhile for the natives. 

But again, you're literally paying $5, so don't expect a $20 meal.
I really like this place,it's by no means fancy however the food is good and reasonably priced. I always found the 2 women that worked the counter very nice and accommodating. They always have a Christian music station on, it's not offensive just background noise.my point is they truly come from a good place and show their Christianity in the way they care for the customers. Gotta try it.
precious.
i want to put the cute little ladies that work here in my pocket.

chicken caesar wrap has hot chicken - AND CROUTONS - in it. turkey club is piled high with turkey. fix those wobbly dine-in chairs and i'll add a star!
I'm obsessed with Jeans Cafe breakfast. They have the most amazing and cheap breakfast sandwiches and omelettes. Their French toast is out of this world - so simple and feels like something your mom or grandma would make on a Sunday morning. They also have an extremely large drink selection. Drinks that I forgot existed like Yoo-Hoo and a ton of different Arizona iced tea cans. The only complaint that I have is that they aren't open on Sunday's!!! That's like the #1 hangover day for all of Philadelphia and they would make a killing of they were open. I crave jeans every Sunday and I'm so sad when I remember that they're closed :( overall, love love love this place! It's a must on a hungover Saturday or for a quick breakfast sandwich on the way to work.
I have eaten here a few times their breakfast is okay but I think they need to clean the griddle better the food has a funny taste. I wasn't won over and wasn't worth the money. Very nice staff though. But the last time i got eggs and bacon and home fries I ended up throwing it out.
Oh hey Jean(y), how did I never notice you there?
Cute little spot bustling with business casuals/uarts students looking for something to get them through the afternoon.

Had the jean's wrap - a delectable combination of marinated chicken, fresh mozzarella and a light pesto sauce ($5.95). It was served warm and was absolutely scrumptious!  Looked like they have a wide variety for breakfast so will be venturing back to give that a try.

Seating area is relatively small but they have pretty fast turnover so didn't seem like it would be too difficult to snag a seat.

Overall - super convenient location to grab a quick, delicious and inexpensive lunch in an area otherwise infested with overpriced, mediocre eateries bolstered by an army of professionals enticed by impossible-to-miss locations.

Oh and take a look at the menu to immediately understand the extra "y" reference...
I had jury duty and popped in here during my lunch break for something quick. I was blown away by how great the food was. I got the bulgogi pork hoagie and it was just wonderful. The service was great, the food was great and the prices were great! If this trial lasts a few days you can bet I'll be here every one of those days.
This place is great!  I passed by it so many times before, but I'm glad I tried it now.  Based on the name I thought it was a girly coffeeshop spot (not that there's anything wrong with that), but it's not like that at all.  Cheap but good lunch choice, breakfast all day... I just had a fish fillet sandwich w/ tartar sauce that was awesome.  Nothing fancy about this place, just good stuff.
Quick and cheap breakfast.

They don't have anything crazy or off the wall, but they do a very solid breakfast sandwich for an unbeatable price. 

Open early on week days and weekends, friendly staff. A sausage egg and cheese on a bagel plus a bottle of water was right around $5. Can't beat that.
Jean's is a great little place tucked away right off of South Broad Street. 
I used to go there for lunch every Friday when I was interning in the city, and I never had to wait more than ten minutes for my take-out order, even during the very busy lunch rush. Plus, the staff was so friendly and even though I was only there on a weekly basis, I was quickly established as a "regular". They have a great, diverse selection of beverages as well, and every entree on the menu (which includes breakfast) is well under $10. A lovely, casual find. Only downside is that I do believe that they close around 6 PM on the weekdays.
I am very fortunate to have school right around the corner from Jean's. They have the best prices, healthy options, vegetarian options, and a great selection of beverages. The people there are always really nice and the food is done fairly quickly (which is wonderful when I have lunch breaks in class because they usually only give us half an hour) and I don't remember ever getting food there that I did not enjoy. Lunch hour gets really busy there, so if you're in a real hurry, try to beat lunch hour by all means (especially when school is back in session). The veggie burger is the best and huge! Before I became vegetarian, I was a great fan of their omelettes and french toast. Seating is hard to find some days, but overall, this is the best place to go when you need good food on a budget. 

Oh, and if you're like me who hardly carries cash around -- you can pay with your debit/credit card here as long as you spend a minimum of $5. If you have just under 5, just get a nice cold drink in the case or a granola bar by the register and you're good to go :)
Oh, Jean's cafe. The food is so good and affordable...but if you order more than two items at once, the wait is WAY too long. I've come here to order take-out with a group for breakfast (bagels with cream cheese or egg/cheese/bacon/ham) and lunch (wraps), and both times we had to wait over 20 minutes for our order. 

So if you're alone, definitely stop in (or take-out) for a well-crafted, tasty, and filling meal. But if you have a large group, call in your take-out order!
I would rather order yummy wraps and veggie sandwiches named Tarzan from Jean's than, say, Wawa.   Why? The ingredients that Jean's uses are fresh.  Right on!

I've been to Jean's twice and ordered a different plate of food each time.  Both times, I had a nice balance of flavors.  I think that i am just having trouble justifying a wrap and a sandwich that I can make myself with ingredients that I can easily buy? Perhaps I need to be wow'd by an item on Jean's menu that is out of my comfort zone.
Here for lunch 2/12/19 (shortly after 3pm). I was satisfied with what I got(Italian Combo Wrap).
My only issue with this place -- like another reviewer -- its name doesn't seem "right" as it'slike an old style luncheonette more. (Run by Koreans?)
Cute little spot for a good, cheap breakfast. I got a turkey bacon, cheese, & avacado sandwhich on wheat. Was ready in about 5 minutes and tasted like my mom made it. I would definitely come back!
This place is incredible! I've only had the Philly steak and burgers and want to try more, but they're both so good I just want to order them when I go. The meat and vegetables are so fresh and well seasoned, and the portion sizes are really good for the price. Definitely want to go in the morning to try their breakfast one day! Such a good little hole-in-the-wall, don't know why this place doesn't have 5 stars. Highly recommend!
Jean's is by far the best cheap meal in Center City. I usually go there for breakfast/brunch type meals so I can mostly only talk about their awesome, cheap, and delicious breakfast menu (which they serve all day) but I've never had any complaints when I've ventured from my breakfasty comfort zone. There are 2 well-stocked big fridges that go above and beyond all your soft drink needs. 

FYI: They are closed Sundays, which is a bummer. Also, this is not the restaurant's fault at all, but  if a group of UArts kids walk in, expect the volume level to rise considerably.
Loved my breakfast. I would try this place for lunch too.  I would recommend this place to people. They can modify as per your need.
Jean's really is a shining example of friendly customer service, hard work, and straight up good food.

I went to Jean's for lunch today and decided to try something new. I got the Taka Tika sandwich which is teriyaki chicken and mushrooms and onions and swiss cheese. So good! The sauce got the bun a little soggy but it still tasted delicious and was very filling. The ingredients are fresh! 

They also have a great selection of beverages and everything is just easy on the wallet. 

Their menu is adorable too. They describe things as "eggy" and "cheesy" and "onion ringy," etc. 

This place is just as good as it gets for a delicious simple breakfast/food spot.
Love that they do breakfast all day! $7.55 for a breakfast burrito with egg, cheese, bacon, and hash browns. 

PROS: fairly straightforward, this was a-ok. The hash browns were crispy, the American cheese was melty, and the ratio of everything was balanced.

CONS: I feel like it was tiny for the price from a mom and pop shop. I'm fairly small, and easily finished it. It could have used more salt/flavor.
This local "hole in the wall" was a three block or so walk from the Marriott. They were open early on a Saturday so it was an easy choice. Nothing fancy here. You order at the counter and then have a seat. Plastic knives and forks. But for $7.77 I got more than I could eat and it was pretty darn good. Two eggs with chess, three BIG strips of turkey bacon, rye toast, GRITS, and milk. Can't beat that. Highly recommend.
A great city lunch
It's delicious and you can
Eat for nearly free

Jeans is exactly what I want (and need) in a lunch spot. It's convenient to my office in Center City, it's cheap, the staff is friendly and the food is actually fresh.

Jeans has a large menu, ranging from one of the best breakfast sandwiches I've had in the city to a burger and fries for under $5. Their grill options include a particularly tasty chicken sandwich if you're not in the mood for the fattier side of lunch. They also offer enormous salads that are actually fresh. Nothing gourmet, just a ton of veggies and iceberg lettuce for only a few bucks.

It's definitely cheap, and tasty, but one of the main draws here is the staff. The place is always swamped with UArts students and Center City lunchers, but they handle everything deftly and cheerfully, and I've never walked away from the counter with a bad experience.

Jeans isn't a local, organic and fair trade spot. They're a really amazing lunch counter sort of place with a huge menu and great prices. What's not to love?
This place rocks! I don't how people complain about waiting. Lunchtime the place is always packed and they bang the food out rather quickly, and considering the assortment of food and everything is cooked to order with top of the line meats, cheeses, veggies and breads, I don't see anything to complain about. You want something different? Which most people do, they change up without so much as a complaint. And if that's not enough, when you look at the final bill, it's always a pleasure.   Seriously one of the best shops in the city. And for breakfast. probably the best!
If I could replicate Jean's Cafe all over the country, I would do so in a heartbeat.  I love this little nook on Walnut.  

The service is impeccable.  The staff is friendly, caring and kind despite its busy atmosphere.  I cannot STRESS how important service is to me.  And these guys hit the nail on the head. The food is delicious and they have a wide selection of food.  Not to mention how cheap it is! My personal favorite is the chicken parm.  But I also love their breakfast sandwiches.  Hell, I love it all!

I'm really hoping they aren't going to get rundown when IHOP opens up next door. This place is great. 

My ONLY complaint I have is that there is only one Jean's Cafe! :)  What am I to do when I eventually move? *sigh*
great menu with great prices! we were able to snag a seat before the big breakfast rush. the staff are sweet and helpful and you can tell many tourists and locals come here for breakfast. 

i had a breakfast burrito and it was huge!!! loved the value i got with how little i paid! the wait for the food is a little daunting. i forgive them, anyway... based on the crowds of people waiting to order and receive their items, i can see why!
I love this place. I've sampled a pretty good portion of their menu already and have never been let down. I like that the tomatoes on their sandwiches are somehow always fresh, never mealy. And they are sliced so nice and thin. Its the details that really make the difference on any sandwich. 

There are two things that get Jean's cafe a fifth star, though. The first is that they serve their breakfast all day. I love pancakes and eggs for lunch! The second is that they make grilled cheese. I never realized how hard it was to find just a plain ole grilled cheese for sale in this neighborhood. I like to bring soup to work for lunch sometimes and when i do that i pop it in the microwave and walk over to Jean's while it's warming up to get a grilled cheese to go with it. Literally the only place in walking distance that will make me a grilled cheese. 5 stars!
I dig this place! Jean is a self-proclaimed sandwich specialist, and since sandwiches are a major part of my foodie life, I was excited to stop by. She also serves breakfast all day, which is an instant win in my book.

I picked the western omelette on an everything bagel with cheddar cheese, and it was piping hot, fresh, and delicious. I added ketchup because that's just something I do. The omelette included chopped ham, onions, and peppers. The gooey cheese was oozy and plentiful. I devoured the sandwich within minutes. I also grabbed a huge portion of sweet and succulent juicy pineapple. It tasted like candy!

Their gigantic menu is chalked across the walls, behind the register and deli counter, and it's filled with plenty of tasty breakfast and lunch options. Jean's reminds me of one of my local go-tos, only the menu here is much larger. The service is fast, friendly, and efficient. Can't go wrong.

The credit card minimum is $10, and a line of tables runs along the wall, in case you want to eat in. I get the feeling Jean's has a loyal band of regulars. I'll definitely be back soon!
One immediate change an outsider of big city living notices are the locations of food, groceries and other businesses.  Jean's Cafe accidentally showed up on our radar when looking for our hotel amid all  the high rises.  It seemed innocuous enough and we ventured in for a quick sandwich late in the afternoon.  I loved the interior.  It's felt like a Deli Store set from a 70's - 80's Police Sit-Com.  Long and high cabinets with glass to see all the fixin's.  Chalk Board with specials listed.  Laminated wood topped tables on the side.  Clean.  Loved it.  You just have to have pastrami when you enter a joint like this.  I did.  It seemed right.  It was yummy.  The Suzie and I just sat there, checked out the scene, noshed on our sandwiches and reminisced.
I feel like this is place is a hidden gem! The breakfast sandwiches are cheap and delicious! On top of that there are tons of options, I would come here everyday if it was on my way to work for a quick coffee and sandwich. This isn't a good brunch spot but if you want a good, cheap quick breakfast it doesn't get better than jeans cafe.
Great place for a quick breakfast. Had the egg and bacon sandwich on a kaiser roll for under $3.00. Bacon was thick and plentiful, roll was fresh. Service was quick and very friendly. Sat at one of the few small clean tables they have. Look forward to going back and trying one of the omelets.
The breakfast is fine. Egg/cheese/pastrami on a kaiser roll was pretty good(after adding hot sauce). The chocolate cookie did not meet my expectations. It needed additional chocolate chips.
