Came in for brunch with a few of my friends after we were at a pool in the area. We were seated right away which was cool and we were really hungry so we ordered very quickly. 

I ended up getting the stuffed Brioche French Toast and shared a pork roll sandwich with my sister that came with roasted potato home fries. The french toast was mouth watering but the pork roll and potatoes were just eh, and the potatoes were luke warm. 

As far as service, the waiter kept disappearing when we needed refills and more napkins, and when it came to paying our billWe had to wait almost 20 minutes for him to come back so we can pay our bill.
Out of the ashes of its former super dive bar self, rises Jerry's bar, totally (and thankfully) new and improved (and clean!!!), all ready to go out on the town.  The whole place gives off a very cool vibe.  The interior is a perfect blend of the old and the new, with a gorgeous bar surrounded by subway tile and antique icebox doors, lined with marble counters and tiled floor underneath.  Upstairs houses another bar, (the original, refurbished one) - and a more cozy seating area (perfect for cold winters methinks) - downstairs, huge windows give view onto the corner of the street and lets in all this natural light.

I love the atmosphere, slightly upscale without pretension, but still casual without that sports bar feel.  Right now, is when I love it best, when the patrons are very much local and the whole space isn't quite yet packed.  Once the rest of Philadelphia discovers this little gem, I'll be afraid that its calm clientele will be no more.

They have a very open outdoor courtyard (waiting for approval) ripe to be enjoyed.  Can't wait for that.

Otherwise, service is totally top notch.  Friendly, attentive and knowledgeable - with a staff that's professional but down to earth.  Menu (both bar and food) is varied and interesting and again, upscale enough to differentiate from the rest of the places in my neighborhood.  Food delivers (save for a shirred egg dish that was slightly too liquid-y for my taste) and though I haven't entirely dove through its selections, they look very promising.

Also, Jerry's is an awesome brunch destination (rarely a wait) in a neighborhood that is not short on brunch destinations (or long wait times), I almost don't want to tell you!  Perfect add-on to this neighborhood - a place of this caliber was very, very much needed. Hooray!
What a wonderful addition to the neighborhood!  Jerry's was absolutely delicious and very cozy.

The cozy dark-wood joint is set just far enough off the beaten path that it can remain a neighborhood spot, which is great in a part of town that's full of destinations that attract tons of visitors from other parts of the city.

The food was delicious:

- House-made meatballs were served in a cast iron skillet soaking in a bath of delicious tomato sauce.  They were fall-apart tender and melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  Just be sure to save some bread to scoop up that sauce.

- Moules Frites came out in a huge heaping portion with a mound of shoestring fries piled on top, with a pool of beer broth below.  The mussels themselves were tender, plump and perfect (which is not all that common, unfortunately).  The fries were killer, and the broth was absolutely delicious.  My only complaint, and it's a small one: the bread to dip in the broth was decidedly lifeless; any kind of crisp on the outside would have made a big difference.

- The Deluxe Burger was fantastic.  The beef was perfectly cooked, the cheese was a crumbled mound of salty, sharp cheddar that really lit up the burger.  Topped with a thick slab of amazing tomato on a buttery brioche, with a side of those shoestring fries.  Extremely satisfying.

I will 100% be back for that escargot with jumbo lump crab... and those pickle-brined wings... and the chicken and bowties in truffle broth... and the french dip...
My boyfriend and I trekked all the way to NoLibs for brunch at the much-talked-about Jerry's Bar on Saturday. We had a late start and arrived around 2, so there wasn't a wait for a table which was great as I was getting pretty hungry by that point. The bar is really pretty. Lots of very cool touches with regards to decor and a beautiful outdoor patio adjacent to the dining room. 

We started with a round of bloody marys and coffee. The bloody mary came with an Old Bay rim and a skewer with an olive, cornichon, cherry tomato, banana pepper and a gigantic shrimp. Pretty delicious. The coffee was very tasty as well, I'm thinking it was probably La Colombe which is my fav. 

I've been on an eggs benedict kick lately so I went with that, and shared a side of delicious thick-cut bacon. The eggs in my benny were perfectly poached and served over tiny toast rounds with thin slices of ham. The hash browns alongside were ample and delicious though pretty greasy. But, you know, hash browns. My boyfriend had the croque madame which looked delicious though he thought it could have used more cheese. 

Overall, we enjoyed our experience and I'd really like to get back there for dinner sometime soon.
Wow. All i can say is wow. This place is probably one of the best places to eat/chill/relax/chillreat in not only Northern Liberties, but the city altogether. Opening only a little over a month before the writing of this review, it has not failed to be a great experience through and through every time I have gone.

Jerrys only opens for brunch on Saturdays and Sundays at 10am, with Sunday being the Jazz Brunch, with a little jazz ensemble playing some smooth tunes in the background. Otherwise during the week the bar opens at 4pm and restaurant officially opens at 5, but they will serve you no matter when you come in. Even if they decide not to, just relaxing in the clean, airy, rustic, and overall comfortable environment is a treat in and of itself. 

Now to the food. Every meal I have had here has be absolutely perfect. I say that with no reservations. I can think of nothing that disappointed me about the food here. Ordering the chicken and bow-ties is probably the best decision i have made in my life. It takes about 20 min to prepare since it is made to order, but trust me it was worth every second of the wait. The chicken and its skin were cooked to juicy, crispy perfection. The accompanying broth, bow-tie pasta, and shaved thigh meat were the dolby speakers to the chicken's 4K TV. Glorious. For brunch, I ordered the buttermilk pancakes. The fluffy pillows of goodness had perfect hints of vanilla and cinnamon baked right in. With liberal amounts of the accompanying warm syrup slathered on you have the most delicious American breakfast in front of you. The jazz in the background was the icing on the cake.

Jerrys Bar is my go to place in Northern Liberties. They got it right straight from the beginning and are showing no signs of slowing down. I have been pleasantly surprised every time i have gone and you will to. What are you waiting for. GET HERE!!!
[to the tune of "Jessie's Girl" by Rick Springfield]

Jerry's is my place....
Yeah, you know, it's been a great place to drink
But lately something's changed
And I can only eat outside
Jerry's is my go-to spot, and I really can't deny.

And they've got the best bread in town...
And one bite into those potatoes, and I just know it...
Gonna hold onto this place mornings, or late at night...

Already wish I was at JERRY'S BAR!
Always happy at JERRY'S BAR!
Where can I find a mimosa like that?!

You know, pre-pandemic, I'd only been to Jerry's for drinks and late night - but since then, I've enjoyed their gorgeous outdoor dining several times and enjoyed every single visit more and more. Their bread-basket is one for the ages, and I can't get over their Taylor Pork Roll breakfast sammy. The team is great, super friendly and super safe. One visit, it started raining a bit during brunch and they were quick to help us scootch our chairs around so no one (and no food) got drizzled on. Awesome scene, reasonable prices, and a favorite neighborhood spot for sure!
Let me start out by saying I really wanted to like this place! I was down visiting from NYC, but used to live in Fishtown in 2014 and had always wanted to check it out--I'd walked by a few times in the past and it always looked really cute and cool inside.  So, when I was visiting my sister in Philly and wanted to take her out for a belated birthday dinner, I immediately thought of it--I suggested we try it, made reservations, and we came on a Saturday night.  Unfortunately, the experience was not good!

We wanted to share something, and the Steak Frites dinner for two looked really good--since it was marked "market price" on the menu, we asked how much it was and were told $70.  Perhaps seeing the look of momentary sticker shock on our faces, our server said to "think of it as being two individual $35 meals combined together," so we thought there'd be a lot left to take home.  As I'd asked what cut of meat it was and was told a Ribeye, I figured we'd at least get a lot of good meat, and that the two sides plus frites that it came with would justify the price.  So, we went with it and got some drinks.  It was here that things started to go south.

The glass of wine and vodka martini we ordered took about 20 minutes to come out, which was a little inexplicable because the place wasn't busy (we were sitting right by the bar, so I could see this).  Our server apologized.  Then I asked for some bread because we were pretty hungry--she forgot about it and it wasn't until around another 20 minutes later when I saw her next that I was able to remind her.  Next, from the time we ordered our plate until the time it came out was approximately 45 minutes.  I actually think it was an hour, but I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt.  Our server came by and apologized a few times, but really offered no explanation as to what was going on; other than to say that it should be out soon.  Were they doing a fresh kill for us? Had they run out of beef and were they getting it from a store? I really had no idea.

At this point, I should say that I was heading back up to NYC that night at 9:30 pm and that our reservation was at 7:15--more than enough time, one would think, to get dinner and get over to 30th St Station in time.  Hold this thought for a second.  So, our steak dinner finally came out around 8:30 or 8:40 and the presentation was really nice--it came with the two sides and the steak on a wood cutting board with a lot of fries on top.  All in all, it looked like a decent amount of food--FOR ONE PERSON.  Once we pushed the fries off from on top of the steak, we were able to see that our "Steak Frites dinner for two" consisted of about seven or eight sliced pieces of steak.  With the two sides and frites, this looks about like what I get in a steakhouse for myself! To boot, in their slicing activities they'd seen fit to include two or three pieces that were just about completely all fat and gristle.  Now, I love steak and love the fat, but we were basically left with about six slices of steak, two sides, and frites: FOR $70.  Not " two individual $35 meals combined together," as our server had said--unless a steak dinner for one at this place for $35 consists of four slices of steak, one side, and some fries.

Unfortunately, due to my need to get to the train station soon (seeing as how our food had taken so long to come out), the fact that I was ravenously hungry by this point, and being that this was meant to be my sister's birthday dinner, I didn't say anything to our waitress about any of this, as I simply no longer had any time for anything to be done about this.  I also didn't want to mar the occasion.  So, in their defense, they had no opportunity to correct anything.  I'm also not wont to complain about things like this, which you can see from my previous reviews.  The meat that we did get was tasty, cooked perfect, and the two sides were good, though.  But, given our overall experience, I cannot give this place more than one star.  It's a shame, because I liked the atmosphere, decor, and music, and really wanted to like this place.

Maybe we came on an off night or maybe we just got the wrong dish, but, if the management or the chef reads this, charging $70 for that dish is just highway robbery.  You should either drastically cut the price or give more meat and/or sides to justify the price.
Love me some Jerry's. 

So much so that I've been twice in as many weeks. Our first trip was a planned brunch with a friend. The atmosphere and drinks are such that one doesn't mind the typical wait. Our meals were great, with the caveat of one person's omelet which he fully recognizes that it wasn't bad but just not for him and he really didn't know what he was thinking when ordering it... I think Pink floyd would call that a momentary lapse of reason. 

Forward to the following week's unplanned visit. We'd ventured back down into the city on a furniture goose chase and came up empty handed. Not wanting to waste the trip, there really wasn't anywhere else we wanted to go... then it hit us. Despite having already had breakfast, we were feeling like a sweet of some sort was in order. Sweet Potato and Bacon Pancakes at Jerry's! We couldn't get there fast enough and they were delicious!
I've mentioned on numerous occasions that I'm not a Brunch person. I love the idea of mixing breakfast with anything. I love the idea of also adding alcohol to that equation. Heck, booze has become such a big part of it that I'm pretty sure that "Brunch" is actually a combination of "Breakfast" and "Drunk".

No, I think my problem with Brunch is that it's become too fancy, too trendy. It's not uncommon to wait over an hour for seating at almost every place that offers Brunch. The offerings are things I often have to ask my much more seasoned Brunchers for clarification. Essentially, I'm too stupid to "get" Brunch.

Despite my bias, I found myself at Jerry's Bar this mild Sunday afternoon. I was meeting with dear friends who suggested the place because the last time we met for brunch it was at the now gone Cafe Estelle and we enjoyed it. Jerry's chef was the Estelle chef so it was a no brainer. 

Being that this is a bar, it's not BYOB so we had a few drinks while we waited for a table. It was a long wait but when you are with good friends, it doesn't matter. 

I really liked the staff and atmosphere at Jerry's. Very warm and simple. Again, the menu was a little fancy for my loutish preferences. Give me eggs, bacon and toast and I'm good. It is nice ,however, to do something off the path occasionally so I prepared for something good. 

We shared a cinnamon bun and agreed that Estelle's was better. I went completely against the grain and got a cauliflower and cheese omelette.  I didn't like it, but I take off no points for it because it was my own stupidity. I didn't like the apple butter in it ( I hate mixing sweet and savory). I saw it on the menu but read it as apple smoked bacon. Yes , I'm an idiot. Everything else was fantastic. I got a side of sausage that seemed house made and was great.  I had a touch of Brunch Envy at the Brunch burger my friend ordered. It looked really good. 

So overall, if you are a Brunch person, Jerry's is for you. It pretty much hit all of the requirements of a great Brunch experience. Here's hoping I never have to type " Brunch " ever again. This was too much.
Great fresh delicious cuisine, starting with the apps - from  a refreshing trio of dips that include white bean/roasted garlic and red pepper hummus to an amazing split pea & ramp soup. The non-meat eater raved about the gnocchi w/spring veg fricassee.  We carnivores loved the steak frites and a fork tender pork chop.  Marshall Green is executive chef, so a meal has to be a delight, visually enticing, aromas from heaven and taste to die for...I'll stab you w/ my fork sucker if you touch my churros!
A bar after my own heart. I found a home away from home in Philly. It reminds me of a place, Daily Refresher, in Rochester. Speakeasy-style, white and black tiled floors, candles lit on every table -- they have an eye for style, I say. 

It's a comfortable place for a Friday/Saturday night drink -- a bar that's not too loud and has good music playing in the background. Yes, you can still hear what your neighbor is saying.

They have a solid drink menu -- cocktails, draft beer and bottles. A few local options and a nice variety like ciders, stouts, porters, and sours. It's pretty awesome to see that there's something for every kind of drinker / beer lover -- well-rounded, indeed. Unfortunately, when we were there, they were out of the most popular draft brews like the IPAs and porters. I think they're new and still working the kinks out. Not to fret, I found a tasty cocktail to warm me up -- the Autumn Blossom. It was a citrus (orange) base, but a hint of warm spices - like cinnamon perhaps? I'd order it again.

We were hungry so I squealed like a giddy little girl when I saw they had French onion soup. I had been craving it that week, and was set to order it. It was wonderous. My dreams were realized. Obviously it came out pipping hot, the broth was super flavorful, rich, and dense as it was absorbing the crostini and cheese. It was comforting and just enough to fill me up. We also ordered the perogies for the table. I tried one and it was yummy. They were big like half moon raviolis and super seared on the outside. The mashed potato filling was garlic-y and creamy and the applesauce to top was a great savory-sweet combination. 'Twas an evening of comfort food.
I hardly ever write bad reviews but I feel compelled this time. I've heard really great things about Jerrys bar and especially brunch. When I went here for brunch I walked in and really liked the environment and decor. They had live music that was super pleasant and distracted from the slow service (even tho the place was pretty empty).

I ordered a mimosa (which was great) and the eggs Benny (the quality for which, I will get to) My partner ordered the portobello polenta. First of all they waitress came out with the wrong order, for which she then corrected when I pointed it out. But the eggs Benny was inedible. The eggs were not poached... The whites were still clear and the yolk literally separated from the liquid whites since it was so raw. When I brought it up to the waitress, she said "no it's not raw". Listen, I know what a poached egg looks like. You shouldn't be able to spread the egg whites on your toast like its a dressing. The yolk was slippery and covered in placenta.  

My partners polenta was literally soup. It was soup with two stupid slivers of mushroom. They put the same uncooked eggs in it and I watched her pick the clear bits out of her polenta. We brought this up as nicely as possible to the waitress but she didn't seem to think we had a right to our opinion and that we should just eat raw eggs. 

When the check came there was no discount or comp, even though they cleared our table of two uneaten rotten tasting plates. 

I can't believe anyone enjoys this overpriced and poorly cooked food and aggressive wait staff. 

I plan on discouraging anyone from eating here.
awesome spot for brunch -- there is a really nice outdoor area that lets in a lot of light. I had the stuffed french toast which was surprisingly good but a bit of a sugar overload. I would love to see some sort of scramble covered in sausage gravy with bits of bacon in it because I'm on a health-food kind of kick right now.

Live jazz on a sunday morning is also a nice touch.
I am far from a Philly Gastro pub expert but Jerry's has got to be one of the bests in Philly. 

The vibe is awesome. It felt like I was walking into a neighborhood pub with all the decor and food quality of a top notch restaurant in town. 

Their drink list and draft list was pretty great, having something for everyone. Thankfully, the menu totally lived up to my hopes and dreams. I think after my first bite I started thinking...yes, thank you Jerry who ever you are. Welcome to the neighborhood.

Now onto what we ordered. Unfortunately, by Sunday night of labor day weekend, I could barely consider even indulging in some cocktails though I absolutely plan to come back and fix that. I did try their commonwealth cider on tap which I loved. It was much less sweet than most ciders. After drinks, we started with the meatballs and toast mainly because we started drooling after seeing them on someone else's plate. These were good. Totally tender, served in a tasty marinara and covered with a nice parmesan finished off in a little skillet. I'd order these again for sure. I then had the moules frites and they were fantastic! I loved the broth and the mussels were super fresh and tender. The broth was a belgium ale with leeks and mustard seeds. Delicious. My man had the burger with this amazing crumbled cheddar that was simply heaven. It was so good he actually made me take two bites to make sure I got the appropriate amount of cheese in each bite...that's love. The best part for me was the amazing bun. Perfect size, perfect softness, perfect toast. 

I'm already starting to think about hitting up their happy hour and/or their jazz brunch that we saw on their chalkboard on Sundays....potentially even this Sunday.
I would give my experience at Jerry's less than one star if I could. I am typically not one to leave reviews, however my experience at Jerry's was so horrendous I felt it necessary to do so. 

I had a a 1p reservation for my party of 6 for brunch on a Sunday. We were seated right away (this is about the only positive experience my group had here) and ordered drinks and 2 appetizers. Drinks took about 15 minutes to arrive, and our appetizers came out one at a time. The quality of the food and drinks that we received at this point was sub-par, but not awful (we got the hummus and loaded potatoes)

We put in our full food order after the first appetizer came out, which is when things really went downhill. I will preface this with saying at this point, Jerry's had cleared out for the most part, so it was not that busy at all for the horrible service we received. For round 2 of drinks, it took about another 30 minutes to receive, and when they came out, 2 glasses were dirty with food smudged all over the glass. It took about 45 minutes for our food to arrive, and all orders came out one at a time, not together. 

I am not exaggerating when I say that every single food order that we put in came out incorrect. For example, we ordered 3 egg white omelettes, each of which came out as regular eggs. We ordered a side of bacon with pancakes, the bacon never came. 

The manager who was working was alerted that our table was extremely unhappy, and she came over to try to resolve the issue. She DID give us a free round of drinks (that took another 20 minutes to arrive), but was extremely unprofessional and unapologetic. The exact words out of her mouth when we expressed how unhappy we were, were, "Well guys, I tried" (threw her hands up in the air as well, as if she was exasperated with US!). 

I am understating when I say we left brunch hungry, unhappy and extremely dissatisfied with the way our group was treated and serviced. We were comped for a few meals, but still ended up paying close to $200 + a nice tip for our waitress. 

Our experience at Jerry's was awful, and really put a damper on what was supposed to be a nice time out with friends. We will not be coming back.
I'll be honest, I always thought Jerry's Bar was more a dive bar.  In search of a good spot for brunch during a recent bloody mary challenge, we came to discover Jerry's is much more. More so, I really appreciate the COVID measures in place like servers wearing both masks and face shields as well!  The menu is digital and appeared to offer numerous brunch standards with a Jerry's touch.

I opted for Eggs Jerry's - poached eggs on locks with a caper hollandaise  sauce.  I'm not a huge fan of biscuits so loved them set on lakas.  The salmon and hollandaise didn't clash as much as I thought it would. Overall I enjoyed and would order again.

I cannot speak for their standard bloody mary, however, their special bloody for the event was good but not great.  It lacked a little something.  However, check out the photos as it was truly decked out!
First let me say that I'm glad to have a nice new non-Piazza spot in the neighborhood, but for me Jerry's has been hit or miss. They have a fairly extensive beer & cocktail list and the food is mostly good (the falafel, peirogies, trio of dips, churros).  I also love the look of the place and they have a nice off-sidewalk outdoor dining space.  Plus it's a bit off the beaten path, off the main drag of 2nd street and away from the noise and crowds. 

The atmosphere is more upscale than the other beer & burger spots in the neighborhood, and that's why I was extra dissappointed with my mussels the other night. I was expecting nice fresh mussels and thought that in a place like Jerry's I wouldn't have to worry about sand & grit, but alas, my mussels SUCKED. They had that funky old mussels taste to them and every one I bit into had grit/sand  in it.  Needless to say, I didn't finish them. I guess it was an off night since they are raved about in other reviews but still, that's no excuse.  I guess I should have complained but I didn't want to be an asshole.  My other, much more minor complaint is about my martini.  I ordered an extra dirty martini but what I got was more of an ever-so-slightly dirty martini. Don't get me wrong, it was a tasty cocktail but was not extra dirty...or dirty at all really.

I'll definitely keep going to Jerry's but I'll steer clear of the mussels and stick to the beer.
A group of us ventured out for some food at Jerry's bar, highly recommended by someone in our group. Music was a bit loud, but that seriously is my only complaint. Food, awesome. Service, incredible. Decor, hipster fun. 

My friend and I split the pork sausage & spatzle (favorite), pierogies (perfectly crisp on the outside and the damn caramelized onions were delish), falafel salad & brussel sprouts. Loved every dish! The other guys and gal got burgers & fries and another order of pierogies. For a cocktail, I went with the Lost in Thyme (wow!) and he got the Hot Cider.

So much more on the menu I can't wait to try. Great neighborhood as well.
Ive been here several times. This place is mis-named because its dim, candle lighting, and cool ambiance makes it more of a nice restaurants that has a bar.... Not just a bar.  In the summer it has outside seating which is great.  They have a great beer menu and i started with my usual IPA order which was cold and tasty.  My friend had an old fashioned and he said it was nice and strong, just the way he liked it.  I ordered buffalo wings and he ordered a burger and both were good.  Ive had a humus trio in the past, oysters, and omelets. I enjoyed all the food here and enjoy coming by regularly. Oh, they also have good bloody Marys for brunch!
I will def keep coming back and continue to recommend it to friends.
If only the food and service were as nice as the outdoor seating. 

Food and service were lousy on a Friday night. Nice decor and outdoor seating, and good drink selection. Bar looks decent and I hear brunch is good, but I would not come back here for dinner or recommend that anyone else do so (except maybe an enemy).
Hats off to you, Jerry's. I can tell beyond the shadow of any doubt that you truly give a shit about what you do. In fact, I'd venture to guess you give a whole lot of shits based on my first-and-certainly-not-last experience at your newly opened establishment.

From a food and adult beverage standpoint, you'z nailed it. I sampled excellently prepared mussels the size of my tongue, a burger that made me close my eyes not twice, but thrice, while enjoying it, and a selection of delicious beers certain to win over any true Philadelphia booze patron.

To see such confidence in any new business' menu inside it's first half-year is, needless to say, promising. My review could simply end there.

Why I felt it proper to write five-or-so additional paragraphs below for something as inconsequential as a Yelp review? The design.

I've never been so swept off my feet by the atmosphere of a new bar before; nay, any small business in recent memory.The attention to nearly every last detail is at once so subtle and yet so distinguished you might miss it if you're too preoccupied with ordering drinks and impressing your date. But it's there. It's all over the place. Quite impeccable at first glance; something I'm really proud to give notice to in a place as riddled with transience and vapidity as Piazza land sometimes is.

From the whimsical marble counter tops to the custom-made stools (very heavy, so you know they're high caliber!) to the uniquely re-purposed materials in the bathrooms both upstairs ans down (not to mention the meticulous space layout overall), this place deserves serious praise. As I scaled the steps to the upstairs bar (soon-to-be-opened) and admired the outdoor space (also soon-to-be-opened), I couldn't help but feel as though I was in a museum of some kind. Yes, parts of it felt like the Barnes, even - in the best way possible.

It's rare I spend the first ten minutes of my impromptu visit anywhere just wandering around the entire building looking for aesthetic treats. But it happened.
I ate a whole three course meal with my eyes before even taking my first bite of actual food.

Suffice it say, Jerry's is seemingly very comfortable, and confident, in what it is and what it wants to become. There's a certain intangible quality to it and the staff that made me feel as if I'd be transported to somewhere far, far away from under I-95 and Northern Liberties. It's a feeling I look forward to exploring more during future visits.

Next time I'll be sure to wear something a bit more fitting than jean shorts and fourth of July regalia. Jerry's deserves it.
Jerry's Bar has been in everything I've read lately so naturally when a friend and I were thinking of where we should try, this was first on the list.  We showed up around 8 on a Friday night and were seating immediately upstairs.  The ambiance is great- more of a restaurant than a bar.  Very cozy and was a nice escape from the freezing cold.

Our waitress was great.  She was quick to offer suggestions and detailed descriptions about what Jerry's did an excellent job of.  They hand make all pierogies, gnocchi, etc.  We started off with cocktails - I had the hemingway which was amazing, and my friend had the gin one.  Both delicious although fair warning that they were pretty potent.  We ordered the pierogies which were fantastic.  Probably some of the best I've had, even topping ones from polish hill in Pittsburgh.  Yep, that real.  I got the Jerry's burger and it was legit the best burger I've ever eaten in my entire life.  Bold but true.  I don't usually indulge myself in things like that but I'm going to recommend that everyone gives it a shot.  My friend got the hanger steak which was also amazing.

All in all, A+++ experience at Jerry's.  I can't wait to go back and try out their much raved about brunch.
I recently held a private event at Jerry's Bar and wanted to sing the praises of such an amazing crew of people. We rented out the upstairs room (for a very reasonable price) and had Jerry's do some butlered appetizers and a buffet dinner. It was a casual party, but the quality of the food was so amazing it felt like a fancy affair. Jerry's chef, Marshall, made us two different kinds of sliders, beef and lamb (both amazing), and if you've never had a gougere (aka popover), those were amazing too. The buffet included salad, the Pork Milanese, their current gnocchi dish, and two different kinds of vegetables. All were phenomenal. 

And while the food was great, the service was even better. Everyone working our party was helpful, friendly and organized. From Christie, who is a fantastic planner and helped me pick the menu and made other great suggestions regarding event planning (timing, set up, decorations, etc), to Regina, our fabulous bartender, and of course Nabia and Jillian, who worked hard all night to make sure everyone was happy and well fed. 

Lastly, I didn't think of it or ask for it, but I saw Jillian running around the party with a camera making sure to get some photos for us. Talk about a great touch, 

Jerry's is a great spot to have dinner or drinks, of course. That goes without saying. But the way this crew pulled off the party, I'd have another event there in a second. Happy to be a reference to anyone!
So, we went here while being in the neighborhood after my sister recommended it which she said they had pretty good burgers. I ordered the Avocado toast which was amazing, with mashed avocados, , fried egg, thick cut bacon, a tomato all on one slice of sour dough bread it was delicious and something I would go back for and it came with your choice of a side of French fries, home fries or side salad. My sister had French toast which was decent but wasn't my favorite, I felt it was a little dry but they give a huge amount so you could share. My brother in law had to send his pork sausage back three times in order for them to cook it right, when we first received it, it extremely undercooked. One of the people in our group ordered the steak and eggs which was also a decent size and looked very appetizing. Customer service was pretty good as well. The host was a little weird at first but our waitress (whom unfortunately I can't remember her name) was amazing and truly was like a ball of energy!

The place itself is a really cute setting with a few wood tables both high and low but it still being a bit of an intimate setting so it was good for a small group (we had 6 people and no problems) or even just you and someone else. I would definitely say to check it out! I will be going back for some of their food items and definitely the  toast!
My friends and I stopped here for brunch over the weekend.  We were seated immediately upon entering and had a server at our table within minutes.  The drinks and food were served quickly.  I split the stuffed Brioche French Toast and Pork Roll Sandwich with home fries.  I enjoyed the French toast it was tasty without being overly sweet and the potatoes were crispy and were perfectly seasoned.  The porkroll sandwich was underwhelming.  Rather than a nice runny over easy egg they used an overly fried egg which was disappointing.

The server disappeared when it came time for the check.  We waited roughly 10-15 minutes for the check after we finished our meals.  Once we finally paid my friend noticed her card was charged for the wrong amount (+ $18.00).  When she asked the server about it he said he accidentally rang something else up before swiping here card.  Correcting this issue took another 10+ minutes.

The food and service were just ok.  I won't be in a rush to visit again any time soon...
This place is awesome. A Jazz Brunch with pleasantly laid back music and a really refined menu. The decor is retro and very comfortable. We have been twice and my husband ate all of his food and the rest of mine both times. It can get crowded, but we did not have to wait for a table either time we went there. Woody the bartender was attentive, friendly and helpful when it came to making choices about what to order. Parking was available on the street.
 I really liked this place and I will be returning the next time I am in Philly. It's a cool place.
I've been to Jerry's a handful of times for brunch, and I'm never disappointed. The menu is a solid and varying, but not overwhelming, selection of brunch classics geared towards a multitude of appetites. Even the pickiest eaters are likely to find something on Jerry's menu that piques their interest. 

You can expect kind service, live music that's calming and not too overbearing, and specialty omelets and mimosas. I really liked that I could order an iced coffee (La Colombe!)

Saturday night, I decided I wanted a good brunch for a large group. As you can imagine, the last minute reservations for a group of 6 were slim pickings. Thankfully, Yelp's Reservation feature came in handy, because Jerry's WAS NOT featured on Open Table and they had a 10:30 reservation for 6 available. It was fate! 

We were running a little late, so I called to let them know we'd be there within ten minutes of our reservation time. The woman on the phone was so delightful! When we arrived, we were sat immediately. Additionally, we had an extra guest decide to join us last minute, and the staff accommodated an extra chair like it was nothing. I appreciated their genuine hospitality. 

We all sipped our coffees (or prosecco), and faced the difficult dilemma of selecting our respective meals. I settled on the Eggs Jerry (a spin on a traditional eggs benedict). Eggs Jerry was two perfectly poached eggs atop cured salmon and a potato latke, served with hollandaise sauce and homefries. While I chose the carby, delicious breakfast potatoes, several of my friends opted for the side salad, and I was very impressed. Usually a "side salad" is three leaves of lettuce, but Jerry's side salad is huge, fresh bowl of greens and fresh cut veggies. Everything was tasty! There's a good variety of breakfast and lunch options. On my last visit, I had a brie and apple grilled cheese, and it was incredible.

Everyone seemed super happy with their meals. Even with all the coffees, two glasses of prosecco, and 7 meals, the bill was great. After tip, we split 6 ways (treating our one guest for finishing the Rock 'n Roll Half earlier that morning) for $30. Not bad, and will definitely be back. This place just has a really nice vibe.
Don't let the size of the Breakfast Burger fool you, its a lotta meal.

This place is very cozy. The atmosphere is awesome. Huge wooden doors behind the bar that serve the beer taps. Exposed brick walls. Its awesome. 

All in all, the place is great for a quick brunch. Its a little pricey, but its worth it. The drinks are tasty and different (don julio anejo and OJ??).

Go here if you worked a bit of over time this week and have some cash to blow.
Came here for Sunday morning brunch around noon and sat at the (mostly empty) bar as a party of three.  The bartender immediately gave us water without asking, which was great service.  The live jazz music was also fantastic.  Unfortunately there was nothing positive about my experience after that.  

We had to sit for 15 minutes trying to make eye contact with a bartender to place a drink order.  She never asked if we wanted drinks, so we had to flag down a different waiter to place our drink and food orders.  I ordered the filet and eggs, my friend ordered the chicken sandwich and my girlfriend got the salmon flatbread.  My friend received his chicken sandwich immediately, and finished it by the time our orders came out.  We waited over 30 minutes and had to ask a few times when our food would be ready.

After the long wait, I received what was very obviously not filet mignon, but a thin, fatty, TOUGH and gristley piece of steak.  I asked the bartender for a menu, to verify that I indeed ordered a filet mignon and not whatever cut of steak they gave me.  They were trying to pass off my steak a filet when it was clearly not. They took it back, but then returned it to me saying "the chef says that it is a filet, it was just butterflied so that's why it is thin".  I'm not an idiot, the steak wasn't butterflied, and it was so covered in fat and gristle that I couldn't even cut it with a knife.  I guess because they covered it in crab meat, they thought they could pass it off as filet and I wouldn't notice.  I will attach a picture of the mangled steak as proof.  If it was actually filet mignon as the chef claimed, I wouldn't have any problem cutting it up into pieces because filet is supposed to be lean and tender.

The asparagus was also so under cooked that it was essentially raw.  I can understand lightly cooking asparagus, but this asparagus was absolutely raw and inedible.  My girlfriend's salmon flatbread was also quite poor.  They must have ran out of salmon, because we could only identify a few flecks of salmon meat on the entire flatbread.

They ended up taking the steak off the bill, but the terrible meal and subsequent lies had already done the damage.  I might come back here for drinks and music, but I'm never eating here again.  Jerry's bar must have one greedy owner, or one incompetent chef to keep trying to pass food off as something else.  Looking at another 1 star review of this place, I see that its not the first time they lied about the cut of meat being served.
The food is good.  The atmosphere is cozy, but a little noisy.  The service is casual and friendly.  The front is a shiny new bar with stools (see and be seen).  Romantic seating is in back and upstairs.

We shared escargot "du jour" (interesting idea).  That evening the tender little guys were swimming in a rich and flavorful corn chowder.  Delicious!!!  I had fish and my dinner date had pork Milanese.  The fish was moist and tasty (it came with skin and bones).  The pork was crispy outside and tender inside, well seasoned.  I'm looking for an excuse to come here again.
I've had Jerry's Bar on my bookmark list for a long time.  It was recommended to me by several friends!  I finally made a trip up to NoLibs over the weekend to hit Jerry's Bar on a Saturday night.  I was pleasantly surprised upon walking in, such a warm inviting atmosphere of a cool gastropub.  The bar seats were all taken, so we were seated at a table near the bar.  There's also an entire patio out back, with tons of outside seating that is enclosed inside a patio with cool lighting and a second bar.  That was impressive!

The food was amazing.  We originally came for drinks, but after seeing the glorious options on the food menu, we quickly changed our minds.  We ordered:
1. Trio of Dips - really good! Fresh feta, pickled cucumbers, hummus, red pepper hummus, olives, beets, and a delicious tzatziki.
2.  French Dip - a HUGE sandwich overflowing with meat and cheese. This was so delicious, especially when dipping in the au jus. 
3.  Gnocchi - with goat cheese and sweet potatoes, this was also amazingly delicious! 
4.  Cream cheese doughnuts for dessert was good, and the chocolate dipping sauce made it even better. 

The drinks were also really good!  We had several vodka cocktails with creative mixers that were specialties on the menu.  We also tried a champagne drink and a gin drink from the menu.  For once, I didn't order beer, since the drink menu seemed more interesting than their current beer selections.  Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because a combo of a few small, relatively unimportant things:  cocktails were steep at $10 each,  one bathroom stall could cause problems on a busy night, our waiter didn't seem very thrilled to be there, although it didn't seem to bother us too much because he was still quick.  Overall, fantastic bar!  Highly recommended.
Jerry's bar has great atmosphere.  Other than that, they don't offer much that stands out.  To be sure, the joint is up to the Northern Liberties standard.  The service was good.  

Beer list is varied, but doesn't offer any great deals (25oz Chimay Grand Reserve at $20 was the far and away best deal as far as I'm concerned; probably the same price at the foodery).  

I really loved Chef Green at Estelle, but this menu disappoints.  It's simply standard high end pub grub; burgers, steak, mussels, fish and chips, etc.  And my "rare" burger came out medium.

Bottom Line: Jerry's bar is a cool spot, but needs a lot of kinks worked out to get it into the upper echelon.
This is by far one of my favorite brunch spots up there with cafe lift. Jerrys might even be number one, actually. The service is always great, the food is great and the atmosphere is great. I have gone at various brunch times and there is never a wait. I've gone with two people up to six people and haven't had an issue with getting a table. My favorite is the eggs Benny and the sticky bun. I've always wanted to get the bloody jerry because it looks good, but I'm usually more focused on eating when I get there in the morning.
The trouble with many trendy, hipster-oriented places is that, behind them, you have a very business savvy entrepreneur who knows how to manipulate online ratings. As a result, you'll see glowing reviews that don't correspond to the meal you ate. Such is the case here.
Came in for brunch and got the Eggs Jerry- a take on Eggs Benedict. According to the menu description, it was eggs with gravlax, etc., etc. The amount of gravlax was minuscule, with two poached eggs, two small rounds of "baguette" toast, and a plate full of home fries.......for $13.50. The eggs and gravlax were over hash browns, so potatoes made up roughly 70% of the meal when you count in the home fries. It was mediocre on all counts. The taste was good, not great. portions were small. Not a good value.
As I try the trendy places for breakfast always expecting to be wowed, I'm constantly disappointed. I'm coming to believe that, for breakfast, you're better off going to a good diner and paying half the price for, essentially, the same food. A lot of hipsters, young professionals, and new-money types go to the trendy places and rave because others in their social circles rave about them- groupthink exemplified. I think that, to them, it's more of a social experience than anything else.
We went here a few weeks ago.  The layout and remodeling is awesome and they had a nice out door area as well.  The food was decent, we got the mussels to start and they were ok.  A bit fishy and gritty on some which means they weren't properly cleaned.  The misses got the gnocchi and was happy with it.  I got the Pork Milanese and the pork and/or breading tasted like burnt oil and butter.  Couldn't really taste anything else (lemon, capers, etc.)  The waitress was understanding and I replaced it with Jerry's burger instead.  The burger was decent, but for an $11 burger I would have expected at least some cheese on it.  This particular burger only comes with bacon and sauteed onions, toppings are extra $ of course.

The drinks were really expensive, even for this area in my opinion.  Their special cocktails start around $8, I had mixed liquor drink which I think was $7.  The beers were also expensive.  Some craft beers were the "usual' $6, but some were ridiculous.  Yuengling, Miller, Pabst, were all $5.  A bottle of Chimay was $20, when you can go around the corner to the Foodery or go to Abbaye can get a bottle for $15.

Probably won't be coming back here again, just too expensive for me for what I get.
Maybe next time, maybe not.

Stopped in here with two friends to try the place out, finally.  We arrived on a Saturday night around 7:30 and it was mostly empty.  We could see the upstairs was completely closed and the other dining room, in the room w/o the bar, was empty except for one table of 4.  There were 3 - 5 tables eating in the first room, but most tables were empty.  

However, we were told there'd be a 15 min wait and we were welcome to get a drink at the bar.  We thought that was suspicious since the place was 2/3's empty.  So we enjoyed the view of the quiet yet handsome bar and dining room while we waited forever to get acknowledged at the bar.  Actually, as we went to the bar, the bartender looked at us and turned around and ignored us.  After staring at us for a while, an other guy who seemed like a trainee, finally agreed to get us a drink after we had to initiate the conversation and topic.  Um, bartenders that don't want to serve me kind of take away my appetite.  This guy was ok but clueless , w/o knowledge of what was on draft... and unaware the beers were spelled incorrectly as were some of the breweries - on the chalk board above the bar...and after a good 20 minutes finally, all three of us had a drink.  Mine came first and I was half finished it by the time the last of ours came.  So it's safe to say it was half an hour or more before the hostess finally said she could seat us.  By that time we'd gotten turned off of the place with its mediocre vibe ...and glancing at the menu made mostly of run-of-the-mill-suburban   menu at center city prices, nothing warranted subjecting ourselves to the lackluster reception.  So we declined, paid and left.

 The place looks cool and I hear their brunch is really good.  However, I don't feel like I have been missing anything all the years Ive not been to it.  Now I wonder if I'll even try again.

Just saying.
Gotta keep the great reviews rolling.  Ate here last night with my girlfriend after a friend recommended it.  And having tried what felt like every bar/restaurant in the immediate piazza area we decided to give this one a try.  It's located on the corner of Laurel surrounded by houses and apartments.  The interior is beautiful!  With dark wood, marble and antique accents that ooze character.  The service was immediate.  We got the trio of dips which was a delicious way to start the meal.   Although the two beers I wanted were tapped they had a great backup(good save!).  Our waitress came by after we finished our apps to wipe the table down and reset the silver(super classy).  We got the french dip and the Falafel.  Of course I woofed down the dip which was delicious with melted gruyere and savory jus.  My girlfriends falafel was enormous!  Served on warm pita with crisp lettuce, onion and creamy tzatziki sauce.  The falafel alone was great, crunchy outside with moist inside.......enough talking.  Just go check this place out!  They went above and beyond any restaurant I have been to in awhile.  Keep up the good work we will be back!
This place is just awesome. Everything from the bar, to the lighting, to the menu is done right. 

I went here for a late dinner/drinks last night with my roommates because we wanted to try somewhere we haven't been yet and we were pleasantly surprised with the great draft list. Sadly, they were out of the beer that all three of us wanted, but with suggestions from our waitress we were able to pick new beers.

I had the burger and it was juicy and cooked just right! My only complaint was that it was super greasy as if they buttered the brioche bun. Other than that, the caramelized onions and cheese on the burger were wonderful. 

The old time ambiance of this place is what really makes it special and cozy- I will definitely be back for food and drinks all winter!
This place rocks! The cocktails are uniquely crafted, delicious, and fairly priced. The food is fantastic. I had Jerry's Burger, and it was honestly one of the best (if not THE best) burger I have ever had-- it is melt-in-your-mouth good.. Bravo Jerry's!
It was a quintessential snapshot of summer's end.
The quiet, impending death of another warm season in Philadelphia was so vivid you could almost hear it.

Tuesdee night.
9:30PM. 
74 Degrees Fahrenheit. 
Every window and door in the place was wide open.

And there I sat; my wife and two of my dearest man friends sitting together at a table, smiling like dopes and watching scores of dried up leaves inch along the sidewalk.

We had already eaten a fantastic meal that night prior to leaf-watching - 
at Han Dynasty, to be specific.
We were perfectly full and content.
We had no room for beer. 
No room for food.

But I couldn't justify going home without stopping for dessert.

Jerry's dessert menu had imprinted itself on my brain, heart and stomach again - just like it did the last time I ate there - and I felt it proper to let my friends and loved ones experience the enchantment, too.

We whispered three words into the ether: The. Blueberry. Cobbler.

I dare say it's my favorite dessert in the entire city right now (and I live directly above a small-batch, highly reputable ice cream shop, mind you).

Being swept up by dialed-in charm of the place, we felt it necessary to order the rest of the dessert menu while we were at it. Plus a few cocktails. And a bowl of soup.

All food and drink items were devoured with little-to-no conversation, save for a few well-placed laughs. From the shit-eating grins on our faces, owner Bill Proud seemed delighted to walk up to our table, shake our hands, and share with us that he, too, was heading home - with a paperbag full of blueberry cobbler in his hands, no less.

The night. The food. The drinks. The city.

In that moment, they were unanimously agreed upon as 'fucking perfect'.
Eight of us came here for brunch a few weeks ago and I was hesitant to go at first. Not because it didn't look good but because, as a vegetarian, there are so many places who accommodate to the breakfast side of this lifestyle. When I first looked at the menu, I only noticed a few things I could order. After some convincing - we headed here.

I was THRILLED to have gone here. There was a live "jazzy" band playing when you walk into the bar area. We didn't have to wait long for a table of 8, this was also at 1030am. I sat at the bar and the bartenders were so so helpful in helping me decide what to order. They poured me a cup of coffee while i sat there and chatted about options for a vegetarian. He didn't even charge me the coffee - thanks bartender!

I settled on the stuffed French toast (as per the bartender) and OH EM GEE, it was amazing! I could not have been happier with my selection of breakfast and being convinced to come to this place. A side order of hashbrowns because I got a tip that the home fries were spicy and it was delish. Cocktails? Fresh squeezed mimosa? THANK YOU. I am not a big drinker but fresh squeezed at Sunday brunch? I can't say no.

This meal hit the spot on a Sunday morning after bar hopping the night before. I suggest coming early if you're looking for brunch because it was packed by the time we left at 11:30-12.
Yeah, there's hipster pretension to spare at Jerry's but it would be downright rude to say anything remotely unkind about any establishment that still offers promotional matchbooks free for the taking. As a former collector I thought these anachronisms had gone the way of Joe Camel and candy cigarettes, sacrificed long ago to the gods of PC rectitude. Three stars for Jerry's right out of the gate. 

The other two are more righteously earned. Their Sunday Jazz Brunch is outstanding reinforced by a menu that was sampled widely by our group and enthusiastically consumed. While I was clearly the only male patron that had left my wool ski cap at home and placed a razor in the vicinity of my face since New Year's Eve, I'll make a note to forego the personal grooming for my next visit. Highly recommended.
My third visit, and this time for brunch.

The server, Jillian, handled our large party quite well. I felt loved!

My Bloody Maria was great, but could have been spicier. For the daytime, I thought it was a bit too dim, but I appreciate the vibe with the jazz band playing (Sunday brunch specialty). 

The house-made scrapple was delicious, but to be honest, not much different than regular scrapple. I suppose it's hard to mess up, and for a Central Pennsylvanian, all scrapple is a little house-made.

I enjoyed my shirred eggs were decadent with truffle oil and a runny yoke, but the hashbrown was underwhelming, little more than a large potato chip. 

$50 got me out of there with a drink, a lemonade, two entrees, and a side. Not so bad, but I wish it were a bit more filling. This was my "worst" of the three trips (and the only one to revolve around food), but not bad enough to mark it down a star, but it is approaching my ubiquitous three-star designation.
Jerry's is a fancy, trying to be, neighborhood bar. I'm generally not picky but...  

There were four of us and we all agree it was a one star eating experience. For simplicity I'll just list my thoughts. I know that a lot of people will disagree. 

Ambience:
The first impression was great. But...
The lightning made it impossible to read the menu or the check. There were iPhone lights on all over. 
The acoustics were worse. We couldn't have a conversation without yelling. To add to it, everyone else was also yelling. 

Food:
Burgers were fresh from Cisco. 
We couldn't figure out what the short ribs were. They didn't appear like short ribs, just one hunk of meat. 
Shrimp and grits wasn't what was expected and not great. 

Lastly, I think the cost was not $$, but should be $$$.
Jerry's is a happening dinner or just-drinks destination, particularly if you are headed to a concert at the Fillmore or comedy show at Punchline (both are a short 10 minute walk under 95).

The food is excellent and reasonably priced. Their burger is top notch, the honey fried chicken sandwich is similarly delish, and their Brussels sprouts are super crispy.

My single complaint was the service we received on our last meal. My GF had made a reservation on OpenTable, and when we arrived around 6:45 pm on a Friday, the hostess was noticeable absent. We waited patiently for about five minutes before we made eye contact to the bartender who went and summoned the hostess from somewhere in the back/near the kitchen. Our server was also hard to reach when we were trying to refill our cocktail orders. Perhaps it was an off night for the staff, but we felt it was underwhelming at best.
Just went here for brunch with a small group and the food was excellent. My friends got a beermosa and Bloody Mary and they both had nothing but positive things to say about them. Also, I had the turkey sausage skillet with a side of home fries which was spicy and excellent. My friend ordered cannoli French toast but the server made a mistake and got him regular French toast so she got the table a sticky bun as an apology, which was so incredibly delicious. Like for serious, I'm not even into sweets and it was amazing. Looking forward to returning here soon.
We've been here about 10 times since Jerry's bar has opened. Everything has been absolutely stellar. The pork chop milanese is one of our favorites. Delicious. The tap list is great and the cocktails are always strong. The addition of the late night happy hour means we'll spending a lot more time here.
Been here a few times, once for brunch, once ate at the bar, and twice for dinner.

Great atmosphere and decor, but the place doesn't absorb any sound so it gets pretty loud in there.

Brunch was good overall, though what I got was (steak and eggs) were subpar.

Dinner has been delicious both times!  (Sorry, don't remember what I got.)

Service and beer selection are great.

Can't miss the smoked trout salad!
Amazing bar with great food and drinks. It is hard to pick a favorite food here I like everything I have ever ordered.
The Sunday brunch is one of the best in the city. 
Get here early for brunch because it is hard to get a seat.
3 years later and I am still going to give Jerry's a solid 5-stars in my book. Not only for having my favorite Bramble in the city, but because of their tremendous service over the last few years. This update comes years after having been for two back-to-back brunches when they first reopened (a new take on the old Jerry's Bar) back in 2013. Since then I have been back for countless brunches and happy hours as this is staple in our rotation of trusty neighborhood spots. I could go on about food and cocktails, but this review is solely based on service. 

Back in 2014 we hosted my boyfriends sisters' 21st birthday dinner at Jerry's after having been vigorously consuming beers at nearby Barcade. In planning the party, Jerry's never pushed the idea of having a more limited menu than their daily offerings and did not ask for any contracts signed in advance of having 20+ people in their loft dining area. We showed up in a slightly drunken manner - there was chaos surrounding who wanted to sit next to whom - everyone wanted to buy shots for the birthday girl and yet despite the loudness of the McCormick clan, our servers handled everything flawlessly. Dishes all arrived at the same time, cocktails were perfectly made in large batches, and the checks were split with ease (annoying to do with a party that size, we know). They truly helped make the birthday plans special.

Earlier this year, I was at Jerry's for a typical Sunday jazz brunch and ordered the Eggs Jerry. What arrived at the table was not eggs benedict and from the confused look on my face our server clearly knew that there was a mixup. She quickly returned with eggs benedict and apologized for the mistake, no biggie. The problem however was when I cut into the eggs and realized that they were completely hard set (a heartbreaking moment for any eggs benedict lover). I'm not normally one to send a dish back, but did so only asking for the eggs to be recooked - not only did she bring back delicious and properly cooked poached eggs, she took the entire dish off of our check. It was a nice gesture for the delayed brunch.

This past weekend however, was the caketopper in service. After having dropped my business card in a fishbowl to win a private happy hour about a month and a half ago, I was contacted by Jerry's just a few weeks later informing me that I had won! I immediately reached out to the bar to let them know that I would absolutely take them up on the offer and asked if there was a way that they would allow the generosity of a private room for happy hour to be extended into a fundraiser for my upcoming participation in the Susan G. Komen 3-Day walk. From there, Jerry's (but mainly their event planner) went to town helping us to throw an amazing charity fundraiser in their gorgeously appointed courtyard that mixed our love for great cocktails with a chance to see friends at the close of Labor Day weekend all while raising money for the 3-Day. The entire staff on the day of the event was exceptionally helpful - Jerry's absolutely went above and beyond my expectations of throwing a little end of summer happy hour and everyone had a blast. Dan made terrific cocktails, the kitchen provided us with delicious dips and grilled veggies, Liz was hustling with all of the drink orders rolling through - and all was handled effortlessly.

Whether you are throwing a birthday dinner, having a fancy jazzy brunch, meeting friends for happy hour, or hosting a charity event - Jerry's can handle it all with style and grace. I know, because I've experienced them all and that's what keeps us coming back.
I had never heard of this place until we were yelping for a romantic place for a celebratory dinner. With such great reviews, we had to get to Northern Liberties to try it out. 

Ordered the mussels, scallops, and french dip to share. Everything was delicious, came out quickly, the prices were fair, and the service was perfect. Loved the atmosphere, too. Next time, we will make reservations so we can sit in the outdoor courtyard which looked absolutely perfect. Loved it here!
Had a reservation for brunch for 8 people at 11:30 on Sunday morning. It had just started snowing, live jazz was playing, and the hostess brought us upstairs into a cozy yet spacious nook. Despite my hangover, there were good vibes all around.

Kicked brunch off right with a delicious bloody mary ($8.50- two of my friends really went for it with the jumbo shrimp for $1.50 extra) and we split a sticky bun ($4.50) 8 ways (everyone got 2-3 bites). The bun was unreal and I wish we had gotten two for the table instead of one. Highly recommended.

I had the shirred eggs with hashbrowns ($11) for my entree. A little spinach, a little mushroom, a little truffle oil = perfect. The hashbrown is like a latke- a deep fried and super thin potato pancake with onion and salt and pepper. So good. I agree with Rebecca S. in that the shirred eggs were slightly overcooked, but I didn't mind too much. Our server was sweet and attentive.

There aren't many places in Philly that take reservations for brunch. Skip the lines and go to Jerry's.
I've been to Jerry's three times now and every time the food is delicious but the staff is always a little off.... they're very friendly, but there's a little-more-than-necessary care-free approach to the meal.
Came here for an event and was really pleased at the service and the food. The staff were very accommodating and pleasant. The food was served buffet-style due to the amount of people. I'm not typically a fan of buffets, but the food here tasted fresh and delicious. I especially liked the salad with the citrus dressing - so good! The brussels sprouts were also cooked to perfection.

While I didn't have any mixed drinks, my husband said his manhattan was great. A few of the kegs kicked while we were there, but perhaps we just have good taste in beer.

Will definitely go back, as I would love to try their outdoor area (and sushi).
What a neighborhood bar should be. Great cocktails and excellent food. Not $2 Bud Lights. Not frozen then fried mozzarella sticks. That's garbage. This is a bar for folks that have not given up and desire quality without pretension.
Just moved back to Phlly, and cant believe what they have done to Jerry's.  Outstanding job, from the meals to the decor, this place is top notch.  

NoLibs needs some more spots like this that are truly deserving of 5 stars
What a really fine addition to Philly's gastro-pub scene this place is!

Jerry's Bar is tucked away on the small side-streets of Northern Liberties.  You won't find it unless you seek it out.  The first thing you notice when you walk in is how awesome it looks inside. The details and workmanship on everything - from the floors to the ceiling, the bar to the light fixtures - is impeccable.  The next thing you will notice is that you will be accorded a friendly greeting.  And finally you will be seated at the bar or at a table, upstairs or downstairs and you will revel in a fine beer assortment and a tasty bistro menu.  Here I have to give a shout out because they have Disco Fries - Northern New Jersey's homage to Quebec's Poutine.  They come with a total cardiac advisory ... but you can't stop eating them!
Amazing brunch.  My sister and I went to Jerry's for a Sunday brunch.  I used to be a regular at Marshall Green's Cafe Estelle and was anxious to try his new digs (it was also clear that some of the old Estelle staples had been put on the Jerry's menu). The two of us walked in and had no problem (around 11am) getting an amazing table overlooking the double height space and live jazz duo.  I had the sweet potatoe, goat cheese, and brussel sprout omelette which was to die for (and a mimosa of course;) While the prices are high, I felt it was it was worth it for the ambiance.  The location is renovated in a classic industrial style and has bars on both floors.  The reason why I gave it four stars is I feel the service could have been a little quicker, but since we went at peak brunch time, more people started to roll in after we were seated and it was clear that there would be a wait had we showed up around noon.  I also needed to remind myself that sometimes just enjoying the ambiance on a Sunday is better than being rushed out of your table. I would love to try their dinner.
Today I was disappointed beyond belief with the experience I had at Jerry's. Brought two friends in from out of town to send them off in good fashion brunch, and we are now in the car extremely upset and feeling frustrated. They were a half hour late sitting us, finally put us upstairs and we were ignored for the first 20 minutes. Order our food- wait an hour and a half. Wrong food comes out. Wrong drinks come out. Food DOES NOT satisfy whatsoever. "Manager" wants to help out out by comping some food that we didn't even order. Thanks a bunch. I will never ever come back to Jerry's and will make sure my friends spend their money elsewhere as well. I suggest hiring a manager who knows what real customer service is.
Jerry's Bar is great food, comfortable atmosphere & an amazing staff.   

We ordered quite a few appetizers the first time we had dinner at Jerry's (we just couldn't help ourselves) the oysters were fantastic, pierogi's some of the best I have had, escargot delicious, and the hamburger & fries done to perfection.  

The building itself has a story to tell for sure.  What the new owner has done with the interior is simply beautiful.  Suzanne O'Brien & her team couldn't have done more to ensure that we enjoyed our time at Jerry's.

Run don't walk to this new restaurant you will be glad you did!
My Wife and I had a nice relaxing streetside lunch at Jerry's Bar this afternoon. She had the soft shell crab and loved it. She also had a couple of signature cocktails. She also enjoyed them. I had a fried chicken Sandwich and I enjoyed that as well. 
I can not speak about the bar itself because we never entered, like I said we ate curbside. I can only imagine that it would have met my approval because we enjoyed everything else. The waitress was professional, courteous and sweet. 
The prices were reasonable for the quality of the food. I would definitely recommend this eatery to any of my friends or family.
I adore this bar. Went to grab some impromptu drinks with a friend on Wednesday and this place was so great that my Happy Hour turned into a happy 5 hours. $2 off craft beer and $4 whiskey of the day - yeah, that happened.

I don't usually mention decor in my reviews unless it's something pretty outstanding and this place fits the bill. Everything about it just exudes a kind of sexy, rustic, contemporary feel. The windows open HUGE, making the inside feel like outside - perfect to enjoy the spring weather that FINALLY decided to show up.

The food was great. Started off with a tuna avocado flat bread for just $5 and moved on to homemade pierogies and disco fries (!!!) later in the evening. 

Service was very good. Our bartender ensured we never went hungry... or thirsty.

This is my new reason to visit NoLibs.
Just came here for drinks on a Saturday night.

It's a great bar with a great vibe (and an overworked staff, although they were idle and inattentive at a recent visit when the bar was empty). The corner door, the appropriate lighting, the great music, the marble bar are all great! 

The drinks come out wet, so I think a napkin--or no coaster at all--beats the Jerry's Bar cardboard one.

Great mixed drinks, both the whiskey sour and Manhattan were spot on. The tap list and bottle list are intriguing because they offer German and English pints that aren't typical. When we think of foreign beers in Philly, it's usually Belgium that gets the best representation, so it's nice that Jerry's offers others.

Haven't tried the food yet, but if it is ambitious as the bar program, a star it won't budge.
This place was a bit of a struggle bus to find but once we got there it was super chill. 

Music was good, drinks were good & reasonably priced. Would definitely come back!
The vibe and ambience of this place is cool but the service was extremely slow.  I ordered the salmon grits, which was undercooked to the point where I had to send it back.  The grits were plain and had no flavor.  The presentation of the dish was a disgrace. My wife ordered the tofu scramble, which was really oily.  The presentation was better but it did not have much flavor like the grits.  The silver lining were the potato's but I guess you can't really mess up potato's.  Change the kitchen and speed up service and you have a restaurant.
First time and last time here. I ordered the linguini and clams. When it came out it was extremely oily. I took my first bite and all I tasted was white wine. The clams were not fresh and looked like chopped up pieces of garlic. Honestly this is the worst pasta I've ever had at a restaurant. My boyfriend ordered a pulled pork sandwich with barely any pulled pork on it. Overall really terrible experience with the food, but very friendly and nice service.
On a Saturday night, they tried to pass what looks like a chunk of beef brisket (cooked quickly rather than low and slow) as short rib crock pot. If you don't have something ready, have the waitress come tell me it's not available, don't try and substitute something else and hope I don't notice. Truly embarrassing. What's worse, this mishap happened towards the end of the night so we couldn't get a replacement main course.  Horrible experience overall, I expected better from Jerry's Bar, especially since I've lived around the corner for more than 3 years. 

My date got a burger, which they forgot the bacon so they had to add it. We got the wings buffalo style as an app, which was as good as any bar that doesn't bread their wings.  All drumstick pieces, which we liked, but only only 8 pieces, bad value considering they're $12 ($1.50 a wing, ha. I guess that's Jerry's Bar for ya).
Great spot in Northern Liberties.  Please get the shoestring fries if you go - they are amazing! I could eat them for every meal!  The wait was long for a table on a saturday night so we went around the corner for a drink.  the hostess was great about calling us 10 minutes before our table was ready so we had time to finish up and had back to Jerry's.  There were 5 of us at dinner and everyone was pleased with what they ordered. Custom cocktails are delicious and dangerous!
Sunday brunch with reservations. After waiting a while for our order to be taken, my wife tried to grab the waiter's attention and he responded with what seemed to be a mock jump back. The food was just ok. My dish was the typical eggs, home fries, meat and toast breakfast. Except no toast was brought out. I asked for the waiter for the toast. He responded with a jerky comment, "So, you'd like toast?" WTF!? I get being busy and overwhelmed, but the waiter was downright rude.  

I have lived in the neighborhood for 20 years. I had better service when at Jerry's when the place was a hole in the wall. Will not return.
This used to be one of my favorite places. Today, I experienced an all too familiar event when the manager decided to yell at an employee publicly. We were all enjoying the service and the game and didn't have an issue. I was very upset to hear that, seeing as we had no issues. You have to invest in your people and lecturing them publicly is no way to do that. We have been loyal Jerry's patrons and are very dismayed at the continuing decline in management.
I was excited to come here for my birthday because I heard great things about the food here but I ultimately left upset and embarrassed on behalf of my group.

I had a 1:15 reservation that I made a couple weeks in advance for 12 people, and there was ultimately 10 at our table. When we arrived, we didn't end up seated until a little after 1:30 (even though we arrived early) because the table wasn't prepared for us. This wasn't a big deal and I understood that they were busy. After being seated and waiting for our food, there was a fully twenty minutes between the first person receiving their food and the last person receiving their food. Half of the table was finished with their food by the time the last person received it. Additionally, when the first round of dishes came out, one of the dishes was incorrect. A guest at the table ordered a jerry's burger off the menu but a brunch burger was brought out instead. When he spoke to our server about this error, the server tried saying that there was no jerry's burger on the menu. The guest at our table actually had to point out the menu item to the server. When the guest asked about how long it would take to remake the burger he actually ordered, the server told him 30-40 minutes, which was outrageous because we had already waited for about an hour for our food. Additionally our server made it very clear that if our table kept that brunch burger, we would be charged for it so the guest sent it back and ended up with no food. Furthermore, my boyfriend also ended up in a debate with our server because after he was the last to be served at the table, he was missing his homefries. When my boyfriend mentioned it to our server, the server actually told him that it was not included with his dish. When we pushed back and asked him to check the menu, he ended up coming back with an order of homefries.

At this point, i was already very upset because as this was an event for my birthday, i felt personally embarrassed for the people at my table for bringing them to this restaurant. Watching your guests not eat because of the actions of a restaurant made me extremely uncomfortable. What made it even worse was that when the server brought the check over, he made it very clear that he "did me a favor" and took the burger off the bill. When i mentioned "well of course it should be off because it was wrong," the server responded with "well you chose not to keep it." after all of these mistakes, we never once received an apology and there was no real acknowledgement of these errors. I fully understand that we are a large groups and mistakes come up. Our group was very patient with the delayed seating and the hour wait time for our food (we were sat at 1:30 and the first dish was served at 2:45 pm) but having someone leave the restaurant hungry because of these errors is inexcusable. We even tried to address this with someone working the front of the restaurant but when we brought it up, she just said "sorry that happened" and didn't engage any further.

I will admit that my drink and dish was very tasty. I had the Bloody Dragon and the Eggs Jerry. The dish was fairly small but it was delicious. The Bloody Dragon is a well-balanced drink but it was strange because the first time I got the drink, I had a full stick of garnishes with a hot pepper, pickles, and an olive but when I ordered my second round, the garnish wasn't added the second time, which is sloppy for a $13 drink. I also did enjoy the live music that they had. The volume wasn't overwhelming and the group that was performing was very good. It was perfect for the brunch atmosphere. 

I would never come back here after my experience. This was not a cheap meal and I left feeling upset and embarrassed on behalf of my group.
Used to love Jerry's but lately it just isn't the same.  Drinks take way too long.  As in, I don't know that I've ever noticed a drink was taking too long before it happened to me at Jerry's.  That has now happened the past two visits.  Food quality has dipped also, anyone know why?  Decision to add sushi was also curious but maybe revealing.  Since what used to be called chinese restaurants are now morphing into anything but, will Jerry's soon offer fortune cookies?
One thing is for sure: someone spent a hell of a lot of money renovating this place. It's beautiful. From the floors and the subway tiles to the lighting, it's well executed and I have no complaints. I went for the jazz brunch this morning, and was a little bummed that the jazz didn't start until about 11am. Nonetheless, it was really nice, and we had a perfect seat to enjoy it from the balcony when we were done eating. The sticky bun was a-okay, but nothing to write home about. Service was good, but our waitress seemed very green and a little timid. We had to ask to keep getting our coffee cups refilled, which is not the worst thing in the world, but I end up feeling bad after the third "could we have a bit more warm coffee?". The shirred eggs were, again, pretty good. The giant hash brown is interesting and also decent, but this definitely isn't food I would rave about. Everything was good, but nothing was amazing. I feel like the place will thrive because of the location and the clientele they are tailoring to and I don't think it's at all a bad addition to the Northern Liberties repertoire. If I could give it 3.5 stars, I would.
Five stars all around! Awesome, awesome addition to northern liberties. First off, the moules frites are incredible. They are served with leeks in alligash beer and mustard sauce. The trio of dips is great also if you like middle eastern food. For entrees, we had the trout almondine in almond butter sauce. It was terrific. We also had the potato gnocchi which were pretty good although I would choose something else next time. The drink list has an extensive list of old country as well as newer beers in addition to a nice cocktail and wine list. The ambience is great as there are two floors and an outdoor patio and the service is terrific. Just an awesome place to come eat, drink, and chill out.
Jerry's Bar Score: 20

Burger Quality: 4
Bun: 4
Fries: 5
Extras:  4
Value: 3

2 Sentence Review: Very impressed by this burger, simple and good, with shoe-string fries.  Like the atmosphere, bourbon selection is great and the bartenders have neat tattoos
 
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)
Had been meaning to try this place out, have heard fab things about the brunch.  I went for dinner, sat outside in the hip, charming garden and had a great meal.  I started with a shrimp appetizer lettuce wraps and my boyfriend had delicious meatballs and toast.  We could've stopped there, as I was inspired to go home and try and re-create the items, but we had more delicious food coming.

I had a beet salad, he had the filet.  Both were delicious, the filet cooked perfectly, my beet salad was fresh and crisp.  I did order macaroni-au-gratin which was sub par.  However, our waitress noticed I didn't touch most of it, and asked what I thought of the item, as it was new to the menu.  We told her our honest opinion, and she took the item off the bill, which was much appreciated.

They have inventive cocktails and a great wine list.  Our server was delightful.  We will be back!
Ordered the chicken and bowties. I would like to say it was more chicken than bow ties but sadly there were hardly any of either. This full size entree contained an appetizer portion of chicken and five yes five pieces of bow tie pasta. Further,for an off the beaten path pub it was pricey and lacked a lot of selection. Server was friendly and atmosphere was ok but waited seemingly forever for food to get out of the kitchen. Thank goodness for the good company.
Service? Lacking. Food? Skip it.  Drinks? Make sure you bring your wallet and don't order a "tailspin" unless you have a hankerin' for a glass of vermouth and a drop of gin.  All in all, I've been here twice and can't say I'd recommend it for anything other than a drink.  The atmosphere is very cool, and the location is great.  Those are the good parts.  But if you would like to eat, and be served, go elsewhere.  The first time I went was with my dad.  We sat down (downstairs), skipped drinks and just asked for water and read the menus.  Apparently we looked like super slow readers.....because the server decided to return about a half hour later and ask if everything was "OK" here.  Well the water was delicious however we did desire food, so I guess it wasn't. We ordered our food and never saw our server again until we had to ask for the check.  Food was fine - nothing to write home about, but not bad.  Plus side was the heaping pile of fries which came with one of the dishes, however the food was rather pricey for what we got.  No refills on water allowed!  Despite our thirst through the meal, we sucked on leftover ice cubes - no servers or runners in sight.  Water is a commodity in northern liberties, I suppose.  It wasn't busy, there was a particularly bad snow storm so there were only about 5 tables in the dining area and about three servers. We left, not satisfied, but not overly dissatisfied.  So, when I had occasion to go out with some friends, I recommended this place because the nice atmosphere.  Shame on me. 

The next time I went, there were 9 of us, and we made a reservation.  We got there on time, and were untimely brought to our table (not quite sure what that hostess was doing....but it clearly wasn't just hosting).  We ordered a round of drinks (most of which we considered sending back) and started reviewing the menu.  PRO TIP:  Gluten free? Vegetarian? Eat at home. There's nothing for you here they don't like your kind.  Anyhow, in our server's defense, she was working almost 15 tables upstairs......but she never really felt the need to check on us.  In fact, after our drinks sat empty for quite some time (and what felt like an eternity) I literally had to get up, and ask her to come over.  Which she took her sweet time doing.  So our group only ordered two rounds of drinks - could have and would have ordered more, had we had a server who actually gave two S's about us.  Lets talk food.  trio of dips were fine - not stellar, not large, not worth the price, but fine.  Then the entrees came.....I had ordered a smoked trout salad.  Which was apparently portioned out for a starving third world country and left me so hungry I had to order a side of fries to combat my own starvation.  Why order a salad, you ask?  Well, I'm gluten free and there's not a whole lot of other choices.  Others were similarly apathetic to the food.  Was anything so bad we had to send it back? No.  Was anything good? Not really.  I mean unless you count the brussels sprout side my friend ordered as an entree because she's strict vegetarian (hold the ham).  We again had to flag someone down to get the check, and left quite disappointed with the experience.  In search of the nearest fast food establishment for some real nourishment.

It's a poor management decision to leave one server in charge of over 15 tables on a busy Saturday night. My only guess is the owners hired their friends who have no experience in the service industry or the servers just don't care. Whatever the case may be, don't come here expecting good service. Or any at all for that matter.
Finally made it here after reading all the great reviews on yelp. We will most certainly be back again soon. The drink menu was fantastic. I highly recommend the Golden Ticket. We ordered a bunch of different food including French onion soup, trios of dips, salad, mussels, burger, and falafel. Everything was delicious. I was too stuffed for dessert, but that sounded great too. 

We were in on a weeknight and the bar was pretty crowded. There was plenty of seating in the back for dinner though. The atmosphere was welcoming and our waitress was really nice. We can't wait to come back for brunch.
Jerry's is a neighborhood staple! The burger is fabulous and atmosphere is always a buzz. Great weekend brunch spot.
Unfortunately I felt as though the ambiance and service at Jerry's Bar was better than the food. Does that mean that what I ate was bad? No, but it wasn't spectacular.

My husband and I went here because we were craving soup. We both ended up getting the French onion soup, though the soup of the day was clam chowder and I almost had a last-minute change of heart. The soup was good and I'd say that it was the highlight of my meal.

We also ordered the mussels and they were gigantic. Honestly I think they were the biggest mussels I've ever eaten. I loved the shoestring fries that came on top as well as the dip that came with them, but I just didn't really like the broth that the mussels were in. It was very tangy and strong, made primarily from mustard and beer. The dish was OK but just a bit too much for my taste.

To end our meal we got the meatballs and brussels sprouts with pancetta. The sprouts were good, but *very* oily. The meatballs were also good, but nothing I couldn't have made at home.

Overall this place was OK, but I could really take it or leave it. Our server, Angela, was quite nice and very good, though.
I really liked Jerry's when it opened a few years ago. I even had my birthday there! Unfortunately the quality at Jerry's has really tanked and this will be my last time there. 

First, I championed Jerry's with my company to have our holiday party there even though it was more expensive than some Center City venues we've used in the past. The process was terrible. After we signed the contract it became impossible to reach the woman who was supposed to be handling the event. We scheduled early so we figured no big deal but started getting worried when we still didn't have the menu when it was stated in the contract that we would. Then when we finally got it 2 DAYS before the event, it was all fried foods even though we had specifically asked for at least one non-fried item  and guess who we couldn't get a hold of to change it? Then when she finally called us back on the day of, she gave us attitude about changing.... When we weren't actually changing, just asking for what was originally agreed to. In the end the party went fine but I would never recommend hosting an event there.

Tonight I went back for dinner thinking they couldn't have changed that much. Wrong. While the server was very nice and attentive, the food was terrible. I don't care that we waited 20 mins for a dip plate, we weren't in a rush, but the "dips" were more like salad dressing. Next my boyfriend ordered a Jerry's burger which he said was OK but the fries were tasteless and cold. I ordered the falafel salad. That. Is. Not. Falafel. It had the consistency of salty fried mac n cheese to the point that I had to light it with my phone to make sure it wasn't. Mushy tasteless and gross. I couldn't eat it. I don't send food back or complain to servers because it's certainly not their fault so I just ate the salad. 

So disappointed. Bye Jerry's.
Such a cool, upscale, nice place in Northern Liberties. Awesome drinks, amazing food and some of the most comfortable and welcoming combination of ambiance, bartenders, and music playlists in Philly. Everyone can enjoy, period. Amazing location and building too.
We live in Fishtown and hang out or dine in Northern Liberties often. We LOVE Jerry's bar, this is our spot to relax and have a special night out when we are not taking our kids out. 
We were celebrating our anniversary this past Wednesday night and we went to our favorite...Jerry's! THE FOOD WAS TERRIBLE. What happened? We heard a chef left?
This was incredibly disappointing. We usually not not complain and send food back but...we HAD to. The salads, beet salad and side dish with beets and citrus- awful. The salad was made with no love what so ever...the cheese was dumped into a clump under a bed of poorly cooked beets and wilted lettuce. It was the most sorry plate of beets and lettuce I have seen in a long time. In my past life I worked in MANY restaurants and I know it starts in the kitchen BUT...the server has responsibility too and that salad should have never even gotten served. Seriously. 

The main course did not get much better, we had the gnocchi and it sounded so delicious and fresh in the description, gross. Gross pile of food under a huge over cooked broth and pile of cheese on top to sustain a small village. Blech. 
We got the muscles and this pot was so so - had waaaay better at previous visits to Jerry's 
We also had the wings- these were great! BUT- three were over fried skin on bone and no meat??? AGAIN...never should have made it out of the kitchen. 

These experiences spread fast, we have since talked to a few others who have recently had sour experiences. Shame, Jerry's was one of the best things to come into the area in a long time. 

we miss it already
Called before we came to try to reserve a table. The host said we didn't need one, they weren't busy. So we immediately walked 2 blocks in the cold to Jerry's and was met with a scowl from the Host when said we just called. She said they just got really busy and that there would be a 15 minute wait. Pshhh. She then offered us to sit at the cocktail tables upstairs. We went up and asked a server where the cocktail tables were and she told us to just sit at table up there, not the cocktail tables. OK!! So we sit, and sit, sit some more. Then finally someone comes and gives us water. Then a server finally helps us by bringing some menus. Not very vegan friendly, I ordered the falafal sandwich, it was ok. The falafals were overcooked and very dry. The bread it was served on was tasty, as was greens. My friend ordered the Egg benedict and hash browns. The portion was ridiculously small and the hash was overcooked/borderline burnt (very dark brown). 
It was supposed to be a Jazz brunch. But it was really one guy playing tunes, that definitely wasn't jazz.
The drinks were uninspired. Disappointing way to start my Sunday. Won't be back.
Went here for brunch with the family. Place looks like a bar, just as the name implies. They do have an adorable outdoor covered section and that is where we sat. I don't remember being blown away by the food. It was good. Standard brunch selection with a few extras. My brother in law got the braised short rib with eggs but it was very greasy and had a lot of fat pieces. He was not a fan. My croque madame sandwich was good, but again, did not blow me away. Our waitress was extremely nice and very accommodating. We made some requests for kids plates and she was very eager to help as well as had some suggestions.
Jerry's has great food, and also a very cool location. The owner collected interesting pieces from all over the city - recycled bricks, windows, etc. - and the effect is a cozy restaurant composed of Philadelphia history.

I've only been to Jerry's for brunch so far. The food is consistently delicious. If your server doesn't tell you about the specials, ask - I always seem to be drawn to their creative and perfectly-executed specials. This pas weekend my mom and aunt were visiting from out of town, so I took them to Jerry's for brunch. They loved their food and really enjoyed the ambiance as well. I had the crab mac n' cheese, and I'm sad that it's a special because it was so good I would get it every time. Then again, maybe it's better that I can't, because now I'm forced to branch out and try something new every time (which has been working for me so far!).
The atmosphere is great and the food was even better.  Another Northern Liberties gem!  Pricing is not bad either.
Had the hummus and falafel plate, and it was fantastic.  Shoestring fries were both burned and soggy with grease.  Every dish was cleared as soon as it was empty, except for the few that were cleared before the diner was finished.  In all fairness, they took the fries off the bill, but the crazy rush vibe on the service felt inappropriate for the overall nice environment.
I went to Jerry's bar on the advice of a friend who said that he was there and couldn't decide what to drink, which excited the bartender, because he explained that it allowed him to do his job. On my first visit, I had the burger, which in all its simplistic nature was an AMAZING burger, and then I was introduced to said bartender. 

Christopher is a throwback to what a bartender SHOULD be. A personable man, who isn't intruding, but within an ear shot to offer a drink suggestion, or an opinion on where to travel on your next vacation. You tell him what type of liquor you prefer, and you let him, well, bartend. I told him that I preferred Scotch, and Whiskey on occasion, and then he introduced me to his signature cocktail, the Bourbon Colada. I don't care if you don't like Bourbon, nor Pina Coladas. It is the single greatest cocktail I have ever consumed. So good, that I found myself there the following day seeking one out, only to be disappointed that Christopher wasn't working. Tonight, I found myself paying Jerry's a visit after a late nosh at North 3rd, and I arrived just in time to have a couple BC's whipped up to end my evening on. The bonus to Jerry's is that the bartender isn't pretentious, even though he clearly knows his craft. He also makes the self dubbed "best old-fashioned" in the city, and I'll admit, it's damn close. Just in case you were wondering, the food is pretty damn good as well. The burger as I already spoke of is great, and the fried haddock sandwich on texas toast is PERFECT. My rant is over, but if you want to have a great meal and a great cocktail to pair, then do yourself a favor and visit the best little hideout in No Libs.
3.5/5

I was really excited to try Jerry's bar for brunch. However, when it finally happened I was disappointed. I don't know whether it was due to high expectations or it just not being that great. 

To drink I got the bloody Jerry. A decent Bloody Mary with an old bay rim and shrimp on it. Food is where I think it failed. I got the maple spaetzle with root veggies-mediocre at best. My friends didn't seem too impressed with their entrees either. 

I would love to give this establishment another shot. I loved the decor and service, maybe I'll just not go for brunch next time.
I wanted to adventure outside of my neighborhood for brunch last weekend, and decided on Jerry's Bar. After our trek across the city we walked into Jerry's and parked ourselves at the bar. 

I opted for the yogurt, fruit, and granola and my boyfriend had the egg-white omelet with goat cheese, sweet potato, and brussels sprouts. Both were okay, but not amazing. I can imagine Jerry's is a great neighborhood spot, but don't think I'd trek all the way across the city for another brunch.
Not sure I can even give them 1 star because didn't even get to try the food. My party of 4 decided to go to Jerry's for my sisters bday brunch. 

We got to the restaurant and put our name on the wait list. We waiting about 45min to hour. Once we were seated the server never came to greet us so I went to the hostess (she was awesome) to ask where our sever was. 

We put our order and drinks in.... and immediately disappointed because the Bloody Mary I ordered never came. After awhile, I asked the server if it was coming. She asked what I ordered, it was clear she had forgotten to put the order in.

After about 45 mins waiting for food I flagged the server and asked how much longer would we have to wait for food, I needed to catch a train. 

Approaching an hour waiting for food we asked the server again how much longer we would have to wait. She said about 15 minutes. 

At that point my friends and I had waited to be seated then waited for food. 2 hours in we were done and left. 

It's a shame the management was not more up front about how slammed the kitchen and service staff was. It's a shame also the server wasn't better or had more intuition to just be honest. The best person in the whole restaurant was the host.
Meh, You've been letting me down lately Jerry's. 

Let me start off by mentioning that I have been a fan of Jerry's since it first opened up a few years ago. I used to tell everyone and anyone that they had to check it out, especially for Jazz Brunch Sunday. For awhile it was hands down my favorite spot to bring family and friends. Sadly, my love for this place has dwindled for reasons I am about to mention.

First of all, service at Jerry's has always been a hit or miss in my opinion. There are a few waitresses that have stuck around since it opened, but other than those select few, the turn over rate is pretty high. Unfortunately this means that every time I come here, unless I get one of the OGs as my waitress, service is spotty at best. 

The past few times I have come for brunch with friends we have waited over a half hour to be seated (even when arriving at the time of our reservation), as well as waited over and hour for our food to arrive (which is never more than one dish per person). Sometimes we just order bagels and it still takes an hour! I understand that the kitchen can become backed up with orders on occasion, but it has been happening EVERY TIME. Get more people in the kitchen!

I think what upsets me the most about Jerry's demise is that the food isn't even good anymore, something that ultimately ruins an otherwise decent experience for me. I don't mind waiting around for great food, but I definitely DO mind waiting for food that is under seasoned and clearly treated with a lack of respect for the ingredient (overcooked meat and seafood, oily french fries, undercooked eggs, the list goes on...). I also DO mind spending an outrageous amount of money on said food.

With so many new bars and restaurants popping up in the fishtown/nolibs/kensignton area, it would be insane for me to continue to give money to Jerry's when I can get way better service and food somewhere else.
I am a fan of Marshall Green - he and his chefs and this new location are doing a wonderful job.  The menu has just the right amount of items - not overwhelming but something for everyone.  I had the duck salad and gazpacho - both incredible.  The Jerry's Burger was excellent.  The amount of effort that went into restoring the building and patio is impressive.  Live jazz at brunch is always a bonus.
I made a Yelp account to specifically write this review. 

I came here this past week for an event they were having for CBC. I had only been to this bar one other time, last year during beer week, and remember thinking it was awesome. Friendly bartenders, great drink, great food, etc. So naturally when I saw they were hosting a good brewery, I made my way over, much to my dissatisfaction. 


The bartender working was SO RUDE AND MISOGYNISTIC. I get it, you probably thought I wanted to cocktail since I'm female, but isn't this a freaking craft beer bar?! I do not need someone to rolling their eye and huff at me for asking about a beer I want AT A BEER BAR. "I make a great blah blah blah, you want that?" NO! I want to drink what I want to drink. It wasn't even busy, why try to push customers away by pressuring them into drinking something else? Go take your "mixology" skills elsewhere. Maybe to a cocktail bar???

Despite the cool things this bar may do and despite the beautiful interior, this bar is never going to be one I recommend again.
Went around these parts for a birthday party.  Overall, it's a VERY cool bar.  Small dining area, so it's best to make reservations.

Pierogies.  Absolutely the best ever.  Handmade, served with pear jam and sour cream.  It'll run you about $8 for 3 of them, but it's totally worth every penny.

Both my fiance and I had the Jerry's Burger, which was melt-in-your-mouth good.  Didn't need any sauce, since the buttery roll and handmade burger went right down the hatch.

Only drawback was the service.  Seemed like the one or two waitresses were getting overwhelmed, despite the small size of the place.
Jerry's brunch has been the most consistent and enjoyable in the city. Very sorry to say that appears to have changed. The much loved crispy homefries are gone, and along with them the light, fluffy and flavorful pancakes. The new pancakes are tasteless, heavy and overcooked. Overcooking was the order of the day..from the burger (way past medium), the fritata (dry), to the eggs Jerry (more like hard boiled eggs). Very disappointing.
We will most likely give it one more try before we venture forth in search of a new favorite. In the meantime, the sunday jazz combo should learn to play the new chef blues.
Great atmosphere, simple but delicious food and a overly friendly and sometimes sassy staff. We've been to Jerry's a few times and we always leave noting what s great hang out it is.
I've been here twice for dinner and once for brunch. Dinner is good, but brunch was great. Nice selection of bloody mary's, great cinnamon bun and I really enjoyed my eggs benedict. My friend said the keish was the best he'd ever had.
