As the name implies, this bar is situated on the 60th floor of the Four Seasons Hotel. Overlooking the city of brotherly love, the view is just magnificent. This should definitely be on your hit list for bars with a view of Philadelphia. The bar offers a delightful menu to accompany a creatively mixed cocktail or wine. Overall, you really go to the sky bar for the ambiance. Enjoy the views!!!
This is the place to catch a stellar sunset and some drinks! 

Came here on a weekend night for a little night cap and was taken away by ambiance. Located at the tippy top of the new Comcast tower, they made great use of the position with large windows, open concept dining, and a upscale but inviting inside motif.

We had made reservations but for the date and time we arrived, the place pretty open for seating. They have a coat check upon entering the space and the maître d' was great on getting us seated and introducing us to our waitress. 

The drinks here were pretty solid and though we didn't dine here, definitely had some veggie friendly small plates that I'd be keen on trying next time we come back. 

Come for the vibe and stay a while! Looking forward to our next time back!
One of the most impressive-looking indoor rooftops I've been to!

JG SkyHigh is a fancy restaurant/bar on the 60th floor of the Four Seasons. It's definitely a place to bring someone you're trying impress or celebrate.  Since we came for lunch on a Monday, the restaurant was pretty empty, which was a pleasant surprise. The staff did a good job spacing out the parties that were present. 

I ordered the strawberry Thai basil lemonade for my cocktail, which was good but definitely quite tart (not a bad thing). Our group shared the black truffle pizza (delicious and light) and I chose the salmon for my entree, which was tasty and not too heavy - I loved the corn and the broth served with it. Although the food was good, I think the true wow factor of this restaurant is the ambiance and spectacular views of Philly!

Worth checking out at least once - make sure you dress to impress!
I'm so mad at myself. Lol, This reviews is so overdue. My daughter and I were looking for place to have breakfast for my 50th birthday. (3.16) We came across JG in our search. 60 floors up hmm. Sounded pretty interesting. We had no idea how much. Upon arrival the doorman was key. He was super polite and thanked us for dining with them. They took great caution during this period of Covid. We had our temperature checked and off we went to the express elevator. The ride was smooth like butter baby! Once upstairs, 60 stories to be exact we were met by more wonderful staff. We were taken to our seats. Yessss. Near the big beautiful window.  It was a little cloudy but still quite a view. We were told that Breakfast had ended but Our lovely Waitress pulled some strings and we were able to have a magnificent breakfast complete with pancakes, eggs, home fries, sausage the works!!. We even had mimosas which was on the house because it was my birthday. I believe our waitress name was Andrea or Adrian I'm so sorry I can't remember but she was the bomb. She was funny, personable, charismatic and down to earth, we loved her. To top off our breakfast she gave me a cookie with the edible happy birthday sign, truly an amazing experience. We are so looking forward to visiting PA again and JG skyhigh is definitely on the agenda. Philadelphia is truly the city of brotherly love and JG is part of the reason why!
so this is the casual dining place of the FS Philly and it was great. no one dish changed my life but you know anything and everything you get will be solid as nearly all four seasons cook everything from scratch. fries were one exception at one property i remember but his property seemed to make them by hand.

the menu is mostly small plates and apps vs big entrees. service was spotty but its ok, we weren't in a rush. 

i particularly loved the apple pie, the calamari, the hummus, but honestly you can't go wrong with anything. 

went for saturday lunch, reservations suggested, and it was packed but died out a bit later.

JEANS: OK for sure
ORDER: Wait staff
I've worked in many years in the hospitality/food&beverage industry, been to quite a few food and beverage outlets at Four Seasons properties and many upscale bars/lounges around the world. I never found anywhere's service as horrible and repulsive as this one. Four Seasons really needs to restructure this entire place because it is a disgrace to the brand. I had high expectations, all of which were shattered on my visit.

Where do we start?

I came here for afternoon happy hour on a Friday in October and while as aesthetically pleasing this place is - the service was horrible. 

We were seated with no troubles but as soon as we were seated, we were only given the bar food menu for the first 20 minutes. Yes, 20 minutes elapsed between being seated and being given the bar drinks menu. Our server did not apologize at all or anything and it seems like she treated every table in the vicinity just as poorly as ours. We had to wait another 10-15 minutes after receiving the bar drinks menu just to put in our cocktail orders. That's 35 minutes of dead time. I've never had such poor service at any bar and let alone an expensive upscale bar/lounge at a Four Seasons property. 

When the drinks came, the cocktails were in a wine glass which was somewhat strange to me, not to mention that the drink size was definitely out of ratio with the size of the glass. The drinks tasted very average - not memorable and definitely not worth $16. The cocktail selection was limited and overall just lacking.

The food portion that came out was also ridiculously small for the price paid. The calamari was essentially a portion size for kids, let alone two people. I could say the same about the cheese fritters. 

When it came time to pay, our server was very pushy, rude, and unprofessional about gratuity - as if she provided us any decent service at all to deserve anything. In all of my years in both working in the hospitality industry and as a customer myself, I have never seen anything like this. I found it as very unprofessional behavior to stand on top of the guest while they are selecting gratuity amount on the credit card reader, pressure the guest to select one of the three "pre-set" buttons which just so happen to be 18%, 20% and 25%, act surprised/confused when  the guest selects the fourth button (custom tip) and give a marked lower tip amount, and announce that fact to the whole table. Baffled to say the least.

The only thing this place has going for it - is the glass elevator ride up, the ambiance, decor, and atmosphere. That's it.

I would not come back here until they fix the service and frankly distasteful business practices they put on here.
I was literally blown away when I walked off the elevators. I didn't know what to expect with all the hype for the opening of the four seasons. It didn't disappoint - it is now the ultimate rooftop in all of Philadelphia. 60 floors up. 

The views begin as you ride the glass elevator (get ready for your ears to pop). You enter into a large space - first a bar/ lounge and then stairs lead you to a separate more formal dining area. There is no outdoor seating/ tables available. 

Drinks are pricey but you pay for the view/experience so definitely worth it for that special occasion. We ordered the cucumber martini and the ginger margarita - both were great. We didn't  try any food this time.

Can't wait to be back.
Stopped in for a quick bite. The place has been open for three weeks.

Small plates, nice cocktails and fabulous views. Looking down on my old office in Two Liberty. It is bright up here. We are looking South. It is around 1230pm on a Thursday.

Ordered a couple of cocktails, Summer Corn and Vodka thyme lemonade. Cloth napkins. Placemats not yet available. We had cloth coasters.

Got the recommended dishes. Two salads, then the beef sliders and shrimp satay. Kale and broccoli with a poached egg. Crispy salmon sushi.  Both were divine. There was a hint of mint in that kale. The salmon was tender and perfectly flavored.

Service is very attentive and pleasant. As if by wizardry, the shades facing south came down halfway to shade our table from the warming rays. Very nice. 

Total $172. A bit high for lunch w/drinks for 2. But it is very nice and you can't beat the views.

Ambiance "a", Service "a", Food "a", Value "c".

We will return to try Jean George's main restaurant for a proper dinner at some point.

Mark & Nancy.
After much persuasion and continuous praise from a friend, I came to JG SkyHigh restaurant for brunch. The menu is not that extensive so only had a few things to choose from.

I decided that it's been some time since I last had French toast that I would give the brioche French toast a try. It comes with bacon and maple syrup (I gave my bacon to a friend)... the French toast was rather crunchy on the outside and extremely soft on the inside... Was kind of an odd combo. Wasn't the best French toast but it was cool with some strawberry jelly and the maple syrup. 

Our server Antoinette was super great and helpful! We must visit again and make sure to be seated in her section. Lol She suggested the mushroom encrusted salmon for one of my friends and it was amazing (yes, I had to sneak a piece)... Next trip here I will be indulging.
Not impressed.  Actually very disappointing.  Was hoping to find a nice, fun venue that I could go to for a nice drink or high-end quick dinner but didn't find it here.  The service was slow and inattentive.  We stood at the bar for a good 10 mins before one of the three bartenders asked if we needed anything.  Additionally, we asked for the food menu and it took 15 more minutes and us proactively asking if we could order before someone took the order.  Once the food came not a single bartender came over to ask us if we needed anything else.  The food portions are amazingly small.  For example the cheesesteak spring roll was literally just one spring roll cut diagonally into two pieces and had almost no flavor.  The hummus was eh at best.  The beef sliders were good (nothing special, Shake Shack is much better) but I think we thought it was good because the hummus and cheesesteak spring roll were so disappointing.  The beef sliders were also the only item that was sized appropriately to share.  Did not try dessert so cannot comment on that.  The space itself is beautiful and the views are stunning but with the food and service I don't I will be back unless I am accompanying someone who wants to check it out for the novelty factor.
This place has everything done right all the way down to the details. 

Each guest is provided a hand wipe and sturdy ziplock bag for your mask. This is soooo impressive because it shows they are paying attention to the CDC recommendations on proper mask storage!

Ordered the heirloom tomatoes, sweet pea guacamole, and truffle pizza. Food was tasty and service was swift. 

Price is a bit high at $10 for bottled water, but food pricing is reasonable.
A great place to grab some drinks and see the views! Enter through the Four Seasons and expect to wait in line. They only allow a certain number of patrons up to the bar at a time, which I appreciate because I hate a crowded bar. The ride up to the 60th floor is breathtaking with views of the Parkway the entire way up. 

Once you step off the elevator, you'll approach the first bar. If that's crowded, head down the steps to the 59th floor and there is a smaller second bar and some cozy window seating (reservations encouraged). 

Cocktails will run you $16, but my friend and I were satisfied with ours. The bar food menu is expensive for what you get. We tried the guacamole, which was good, but not worth the price for the small amount. My advice: Come here for before or after dinner drinks and soak in the views.
The venue itself is the reason you have to make your way up the new CTC building.  We had the privilege of visiting during their soft opening.  The food was great.  I missed getting a picture of the turkey sliders but my other half is still talking about them! I had the tacos which were delicious too and we also got the guac and the truffle pizza! All delicious! The drink menu is quite original too! Check this place out!
Beautiful space. Love the open concept - makes experience more causal/laid back. 

Menu is eclectic. We shared pizza, guacamole and chips, calamari, and a chicken with rice dish. Everything tasted good but the standout dish was certainly the chicken with rice. 

Cocktails took an unreasonable amount of time but food came out surprisingly fast.

Definitely recommend - reservation seems to be needed.
The Holy Grail of Philadelphia when it comes to high class, bomb drinks, and being surrounded by the filthy rich.

Heck, I loved it. Even though I started the day in a dive bar I ended it with thee most sofisticated, most ambiant environment I have been in for quite some time.

From the elevators that simply beam you up like a ride from an amusement part that are guarded by the gate keepers. I mean you just have to come here I don't want to unvirgin you from the experience it is that special.

Make a date and come here early as it gets packed. I came here at around 4pm and it was getting to capacity on a Sunday.

For special occasions. I can't wait to come back here for food but alast I am single and will save this spot until I meet a good girl who hopefully is worthly of this heavenly experience.
Originally saw this posted several weeks before my arrival to the Northeast region. I saved it and told some friends about it. A reservation came up for last night at 8:30pm. Wish it was during their glamour hour cause that sure sounded like it would be a blast! 

We parked across the street using park-mobile app. It cost $19. This place is located in Four Seasons and they did have valet. Not sure the cost though. 

The elevator is half see through of the Philly skyline if you enjoy that. It gave me severe anxiety lol so I kept looking forward. My cousin asked for security who took us down the service elevator which was super nice of them to accommodate our needs.  

Overall, enjoyed the ambiance, food, and scenery.
First things first, you come here for the view and it is amazing.  The elevator is a bit intense, but also very satisfying watching the ground rush away from you.  I'd be interested in coming back during the daytime to see the view in the sun.  

We came for some drinks and snacks to celebrate a friend's birthday.  It was a good time.  I tried the yellowfin tuna tartare which was served with avocado, radish, ginger, and chili.  It was very tasty, and is worth an order.  Though it was overshadowed a bit by the crispy sea trout sushi.  It was described as being served with chipotle mayonnaise and a soy glaze.  I'm not there was something in the flavor that I couldn't identify, but it was delicious.  My favorite thing I ate that night. 

The cocktails that we had were good.  However, I thought they could have done a bit more with the cocktail menu.  We had just recently ate downstairs at Vernick Fish, and I thought the cocktails down there (or at least the cocktails on the menu) were more interesting than up here in the bar.  Let me be clear, they were very good, I guess I just expected them to be better than Vernick Fish's.  I tasted the walnut rye boulevardier, the kumquat mojito, and the lychee raspberry bellini.  

The service was warm and friendly.  Honestly, if the service hadn't been what it was, I would have thought the bar to be too cold/sterile.
More of a 3.5 but I rounded down. A gorgeous location on the 60th floor of the Comcast (2) building, the view can't be beat. Beautifully decorated, it oozes elegance and sophistication. We had reservations so we were able to bypass the line downstairs. 

Service started out great but really tapered off as the meal went on to the point we had to actually get up and ask for the check and also to run the card. The prices are very high (not surprising) but the food didn't quite live up to the price - or even close to be honest. We got the cheesesteak spring rolls, truffle pizza, tuna tartar and the turkey sliders. All fine but I wouldn't come back for any of it. Cheesesteak spring rolls were our favorite but only come with two very small pieces (about 2 bites each). Truffle pizza and tuna were sadly bit bland. 

Cocktails were great though, I had a couple ginger margaritas which I loved. All in all a nice experience but I would probably only return for drinks only.
Really disappointed at Philly racism. We arrived at 5 pm on Sunday to an empty restaurant. We were told by the waitress/hostess that the seats facing the windows (and sunset views) were taken by a "large party" so we couldn't have them. We left at 7:30, and up until that point, only a small party of 3 white women had gotten seated (at 7:15 pm). Sounds about "white is right" to wait 2.5 hours for white women over 2 brown folks. Will not be returning.
It's worth at least one visit for the Six Flags elevator ride up to the 60th Floor and the sweeping Philly and NJ and maybe even DE views. Cocktails are $16-ish, wines about the same. Definitely a date night, special occasion, got-to-impress place. Service on this Friday evening was so so... my friend waited about 20+ minutes for her second martini, after asking 3 different staff. The black truffle pizza was delicious and felt worth the price tag ($20ish). However, the guacamole was a tiny portion served with a few tortilla chips. One other thing to be aware of is the snoot factor. So get dressed up and own it when you come here, and you should fit right in!
experience 5/5
food 3/5
service 5/5
overall, 4.3

the second you step into the four seasons, you know it's gon be good. everything is so beautifully decorated and modern, even the elevator. that elevator ride is probably the best elevator ride in philly

once you get to the top you're overwhelmed by the view and the beautifully decorated entrance. we got a windowside seat at the lounge but almost every seat here is a good view. recommend to go around sunset time

we started with some drinks; i got the lychee martini which was delicious, definitely recommend. we then got the salmon sushi (4 pcs), calamari and mushroom pizza

the salmon sushi was delicious, love the fresh salmon and even though the flash fried rice was a little bit chewy it was still yummy. the calamari was also good, wish for the portion there was a little bit more but it's JG fine dining so i'm not surprised. the mushroom pizza was underwhelming; i've definitely had better for a better price. 

all in all, service was great and the ambiance doesn't match any other. do yourself a favor and go for the experience!
The view is unlike any other. Great cocktails at the bar. Highly recommend the lychee raspberry Bellini. Well worth the visit! We went during sunset and while the view was amazing, there was also a dj setting the mood with great music!
This place is amazing ! Perfect place for a special date, a celebration or if you just feeling cute and want to feel special. 
This place is literally sky high! We went around 5 pm on a Friday with no reservations. We were lucky enough to find seats in the lounge. Ordered a couple of manhattans, corn croquettes, wagyu egg rolls( so so good) and truffle fries. 
Small tapas style food but amazing quality and great service. 
Can't wait to go back !
Not only the newest lounge in the city but easily has skyrocketed to the best with absolutely the best views of the city! Enter the Four Seasons hotel and go to the 60th floor for panoramic views of Philadelphia. There are a few tables around for seating but the bar has good space. Cocktails are 16$ a piece and wine ranges from 15$-25$ a glass. The menu has small plates and shareables (we had the chicken tacos, tuna lettuce cups, truffle pizza which was absolutely incredible and pine nut dips). The carrot cake we had for desert was amongst the best I've ever had. 100% has now become my new favorite sport for drinks in the city!
Overpriced and disappointing. The highlight was the fun elevator ride and view. The ginger margarita had good flavor but tasted weak. A lemonade cocktail sounded interesting but using absolut in a $16 drink is absurd. The chicken taco was not good. A dry cold falling apart store bought tortilla with bland chicken and a tiny bit of salsa. I would rather go to chipotle. This place will not last in Philadelphia unless they make some changes- better alcohol in the drinks, housemade tortillas, etc. Simple fixes but as of now blah and uninspiring.
Late entry from dinner in 11/2019 - service was impeccable for our group of 7.  Food was delicious and beautifully plated from start to finish. Looking forward to dining here again!
Great views!!! And awesome bar & dining space. It's a truly unique place in Philly and should be added to everyone's bucket list. 

I arrived around 5pm on a Saturday and waited in a line in the lobby for about 20 minutes. They only allow a certain amount of people in the bar so it never seems overly crowded. I love this idea so I waited happily. 

My party of 4 got a table no problem upstairs and enjoyed the views, some cocktails, and the guacamole. Everything was exceptional and I'd love to go back soon.
We had a fantastic time at JG SkyHigh! My guy and I came for drinks and dessert after going somewhere in Fishtown for dinner. I tend to love a place that offers a sort of quiet classy comfort, and our experience here was no different. 

With regards to logistics, I would recommend making a reservation. When you arrive, there are 2 lines: one for those without reservations and one for those with reservations. We had reservations so once we arrived, we were immediately escorted to the elevators and up to the bar. Note: the bar is on the 60th floor (the elevator does stop on the 57th floor which is the spa that I've been meaning to check out!) 

We asked for a window table and we got it -- the view is phenomenal. We could actually see our apartment building in Fairmount from our table. Our drinks were amazing. The dessert (a poached pear with notes of mascarpone and rose) was delicate, sweet, and lovely.

I know we'll be back again, especially for any special occasions or when someone comes from out of town!
Before moving out of Philadelphia, I knew I needed to cross off JG Skyhigh at the Four Seasons before moving. What better reason to go than for brunch to celebrate an anniversary??! It really made our day very special and we absolutely enjoyed our meal

Food 4.5/5: right off the bat, everything was very tasty and well made. Honestly, we were so impressed by JG Skyhigh, we knew the food was going to be great. After admiring the 360 views, we ordered the burrata and the truffle pizza. The reason I didn't give the food a 5/5 is because of the lack of vegetarian options. The food not only satisfied our hunger, but also tasted amazing. The toast that came with the burrata accompanied the cheese very well. We shared the truffle pizza and it was very favorable. You could literally smell the truffle while it's on the table

Service 5/5: perfection. No other words. You are treated like royalty from the minute you walk in. I don't think I have ever gotten service this good from any restaurant in my entire life. They provided us with complimentary mimosas when we sat down as they knew we were celebrating our 3 year anniversary. Very quick and efficient service as well. 

Ambience 5/5: I have no words besides stunning. My breath was taken away the minute I walked out of the elevator. Yours will be too when you visit. Such an experience to dine at JG Skyhigh. We'll never forget it
Love coming here for drinks once in a while. The view is breathtaking. The waiting line is a bit long but it's worth the wait. The drinks are just okay though. I recommend not ordering from the cocktail menu and just tell the bartender what you like. First time i did that I had amazing drinks, the second time I could swear that they forgot the alcohol of how lite it was. Maybe it's safer to go for a glass of wine. Overall, the place is incredible and I'll keep going back.
The atmosphere was absolutely wonderful! First, the elevator ride up was astonishing, it felt like the smoothest amusement park ride. Watching the city descend beneath my feet was pretty cool. The staff was very welcoming. We were seated near a window, so out view was amazing. Our waiter was awesome (i am so sorry that I cannot recall his name). He was very attentive & patient with us. He had a great personality and he was very personable. I think the atmosphere is definitely the attraction here. I ordered the chocolate cake as my appetizer (djm) & it was delicious. Very rich, but not too sweet. Then we  had the calamari, which was a little on the salty side & we ended up not eating it. The risotto was also a little more salty than I would prefer, but not as bad as the calamari. The salmon entree was prob my favorite. It had the perfect grilled taste and the mashed potatoes were pretty good. I would def return for the atmosphere and drinks. Since the menu changes seasonally, we'll spread out the visit to check out the new additions.
I've never felt so unwelcome in a Four Seasons before than this time at JG Skyhigh. Sat ourselves at the bar and within 3 min someone came asking for our information and informed us we only had 1 hour before the next bar reservation. Bar reservation for 2 people? WTF? 
I'll take my money where I am welcome. What a letdown from a five star hotel group + restaurant that praises themselves in "luxury".
The food we had was delicious. But we certainly would have gotten more had our overall experience been more welcoming.

Service is what will keep me from going back. Hostess took way too long to check us in for our Saturday lunch. I gave the name, and we stood there while she fiddled on the computer for way longer than normally necessary. 

As we were seated, I noticed the restaurant was less than half full. I had two specific requests in my reservation, one of which was "we are celebrating a special occasion, would like a table next to the window please." We were seated as far from the window and as close to the center aisle as possible (also next to a group with a bunch of kids). Gee, guess I shouldn't have bothered to ask for special treatment? At least half of the window tables we still open and available. So that was an immediate bummer to the entire meal. It makes you feel like the restaurant truly doesn't value you as a customer. 

Next, our server was pretty disinterested. A new table was seated right next to us as we were paying and they had a different server, who was engaging, described menu items, talked about specials, etc. So we were bummed to see the type of service we *could* have gotten. 

The second request on my reservation was also completely ignored, which made me wonder, why bother allowing guests to even ask? Then when we left, I find I've been reported to OpenTable as a no-show. So clearly the hostess just couldn't figure out who I was or how to mark the reservation correctly, which for sure explains why everything went the way it did. But no matter, the damage is done.  Hopefully they can get their service act together, because the food was delicious. But it puts a damper on the whole experience when service is such a letdown.
So glad I decided to go check out this amazing spot!  The 360 view of the entire city with the floor to ceiling glass windows was breath taking!  The food was so good, ambience was perfect for a dinner, date, even business meetings.  Everything we ordered was delicious and well made, unlike many places with nice views (that aren't known for their food)

The entire evening was a fun experience, from getting to the top floor, the night views, to the food and fantastic service. 

Will definitely be back the next time i'm in town.
It's return! I've come back for a second round. We took my mom out to dinner and wanted to show her a good time. 

It's obvious to say: wow the view is incredible. 
You know this. I won't go on about it. I will say the atmosphere and view did make up for some of the food menu's previous shortcomings. The menu has had some updates and I'm happy to report that the fried chicken is excellent, and so are the bacon wrapped shrimp. You must order the whipped butternut squash dip. My black truffle pizza was solid. 

You should definitely come here to drink. Ask for a dirty martini and tell them you're not afraid of the brine! 

All in all, a great location for special moments with special people. I don't know that you'll be blown away by the food, but it's certainly hard to complain with a cocktail and a gorgeous view of this city.
When you first walk into JG Skyhigh, you expect that you're going to drop a pretty penny. It's entirely elegant with stunning views of the city, perched on the 64th floor in the tallest building in Philly. However when you look at the menu, the prices are cheap! For how fancy the restaurant comes off, you wouldn't expect such an affordable experience. 

Despite its sophisticated setting, the food is somewhat disappointing. Three members of our party ordered the eggs benedict, but I wasn't too impressed. Not enough ham, hollandaise was fine, and the english muffin could have been crispier. I tried the french toast that my sister ordered, and it's texture is just off-putting. It tries too hard to be unique, when in the end, you kind of just want a simpler dish. 

I will commend their service. Our waitress was thoughtful and endearing, incredibly friendly and even gave us complimentary mimosas for my mother's birthday. 

Overall, I could have done with a bit more refined dish that would have made this experience a lot better. For the class, congenial service, and impeccable scenery, JG is a five. When it comes to the food, I would probably give it a three at best. Nothing terrible, but underneath a pretty face is a load of mediocrity.
Great food with great service and views! I had ordered calamari for appetizers and salmon for lunch. The calamari was good, but not spectacular. However, the salmon was beyond amazing. It was cooked to perfection, juicy, and tasty. The bed of mashed potatoes is what tied the meal together. I loved it. The views were awesome! I could see the entire city. The service was great as well. I'll be back for more!
Was in town to hang out with my best friend.  It was our 30 year friendversary.  Let me start out by saying that the view from this rooftop restaurant was absolutely stunning.  They have a bar area, so go grab a drink and enjoy the ambiance!  We had a reservation and dined in. If you've read my posts, you know that I enjoy bourbon and ole fashions.

WARNING:  The plates are small, but the food is packed with lots of goodness and great flavor.  Our drinks were on point and the service was good.  Hotel valet parking is available or pay and park at the lot across the street. You definitely won't go wrong with a visit here.  Be prepared to spend some coins for sure.  Great place to celebrate any occasion with one of the best restaurant views in Philly!
The good: Service was top notch. Everyone was so professional and friendly. The ambience and the view were to die for! The drinks were pretty good. Excellent place for a date or a meeting. 

The bad: The food was not up to standards for a restaurant with this prestige. Cheesesteak spring rolls and crispy calamari were very greasy. Pizza was personal size and very greasy and soggy (the crust became stuck to the parchment paper). The organic chicken was tough and underwhelming. The rhubarb pie was cold served with ice cream ( warm desserts are often served with ice cream). This bill with two drinks came out to $160 plus gratuities ~$200. 

In conclusion, I would be back for the ambience but not for the food.
Last night, I had a chance to check out this incredible space on the invitation of V Shayne Frederick, who is now curating live jazz for the space on Wednesday evenings. You know from the moment you step on the fast moving elevator that whisks you up to the 60th floor that you're in for an exceptional sensory experience. And it was. Well appointed, elegant, sophisticated - no details were spared. Who would expect less?  This is the Four Seasons brand and therefore one could and should anticipate service of the highest quality. 

To make a long story short, I walked around the perimeter of the space to take in the views of the city; I enjoyed the music, the conversation, and a couple of cocktails and vowed to my companion for the evening that I would most definitely return.  The only downside that I'll note here is that you need a reservation to secure a table - and seating at the bar was comfortable but limited.
Beautiful views and beautiful architecture definitely worth visiting. When I first entered the Four Seasons, I was greeted by a staff member who was pretty much directing people to the right direction. I told him we had a reservation and he brought us over to a desk. (Good thing I had a 6pm reservation because it was an hour wait!) we were brought over to the elevators and it brought us straight up to the 60th floor. My ears popped from the ride up, but the views were amazing!

We got off the elevator and we are greeted by a beautiful floral arrangement and more staff members, asking if we were going to JG SkyHigh or Jean-Georges. We were led to another desk and then finally seated in the dining area. One side is for reservations and the other side is open for bar seating. You are allowed to walk around the perimeter of JG SkyHigh.

I ordered the lychee raspberry Bellini, which was made just right. (All cocktails were $16 so it better taste good. lol). We ordered the spicy tuna tartare lettuce cups, which was pretty tasty. The squash blossom pizza I was disappointed with. Aside from the burnt crust, the taste of the squash blossom was subtle and a nice blend with the cheese.

Reasons why I'm only giving 4 stars: I feel that the setup for 2 seaters are pretty close to each other, as if we were dining with each other. The pizza I ordered had a burnt crust - not exactly how I enjoy my pizza. And lastly, price point. I get it, it's luxury dining with top notch views. You get what you pay for. You can definitely look around and see the type of clientele it's catered towards.

JG SkyHigh is definitely worth a visit. I highly recommend making a reservation. Service was wonderful and the views are definitely worth soaking in, especially at sunset. My experience was overall good and would recommend at least visiting once!
Visited JG SkyHigh for drinks and with the intent to eat something light; not for full dinner.  

INITIAL EXPERIENCE: We were running late for our 6:30p reservation, so we called the restaurant to let them know. When we got to the hostess stand, her immediate response in a condescending tone was, "You're late."  Oh thank you, miss, for stating the obvious when we did the courtesy of letting you know.  I guess we didn't look "rich" enough to warrant your hospitality.  This set the tone of the experience. 

DRINKS: Our server brought us our drinks of Blanton's and gin/soda, which were good.  Simple drinks, tasted as usual.  I do think $35 a pour for Blanton's is a tad bit overpriced. 

FOOD: We ordered the calamari, which came with a yuzu sauce.  The calamari was fried well, not overcooked, but the sauce in a dipping container was more of a foam consistency and dropped like an undercooked soufflé upon the first dip.  Could've been executed better.  

SERVICE: I believe her name was Kaitlyn and she was satisfactory.  Had other tables to attend to but overall took care of us throughout the experience.  There was a manager that brought us our second round of drinks that was very friendly.  I liked his hospitality. 

VIEW: I mean that's what saved the whole night.  With the restaurant closed downstairs, was able to get some great photos of Philly without disturbing other diners.  Definitely paid the price to see the view. 

SUMMARY: Go for the view, open the wallet to pay for the view, stay for the view, and leave remembering the view.
The views here are SOMETHING ELSE!!

If you are looking for a romantic spot to eat or somewhere to celebrate, you've gotta consider JG SkyHigh. 

The elevator ride up sets the tone, as you gain elevation and the city below you looks smaller and smaller, you know that you are heading into a treat. 

The staff and service there are spectacular - very attentive to you and your guests.

The floor to ceiling windows just create this large open space, with amazing views of the city in all directions.

They have really comfortable, and bulky furniture, which almost makes the space feel safe and inviting. 

The food is pretty good, and fairly priced. I actually really enjoyed their menu, because there was options to eat so more lax-fare or get an upscale meal. It was a great variety.

Loved it here, and can't wait to go back!
The place is beautiful. Definitely upscale.  We went after a business meeting and felt a bit under dressed. Must have reservations. We ended up having a cocktail but it took a bit to find a seat.
This place is absolutely amazing, and if you think that Liberty One's observation deck has a great view of the entire city, prepared to be blown away. The glass elevator ride to the 60th floor is only the beginning. Every staff member is eager to chat and show off the area. Every corner is instagram heaven. 
Around the corner and down the hall opens up to a two story open view with lounge seating, and a bar, and even more down below. There is not a bad seat in the house, but the tables of four along the windows are prime real estate. 
The service is 5 star, and the atmosphere is relaxed without the posh stuffy feeling I expected. The food was top notch, and our server Flo was the best. We loved everything that came to the table. We got the watermelon and goat cheese salad & heirloom tomato salad to start. Each cube of melon (red and yellow) were perfectly stacked, each topped with a cheese crumble, and drizzled with olive oil. The tomato salad had a great tangy bite. Next, the mushroom pizza was topped with a perfectly cooked fried egg, and the fries with herbs were delicious. They have a great cocktail menu to to go with it. 
I can't wait to go back for dinner and see the views at night.
Omg I cannot get enough of this space. I have been here and on the 59th floor for brunch and dinner five times now since they opened. Both menus and the tasting menu are fabulous! The flower arrangements are breathtaking and new every time I come ( so far almost once weekly )! Definitely worth checking out. Tasty, fun, gorgeous, super beautiful and all around amazing feeling. Just what this city needed to put a little ahhh and extra love to the fabulous potential we have here!
Outstanding service and the food is amaaazing! And the views.... breathtaking!! The experience is truly fantastic!!!
Love the lounge area for a relaxing evening drink and bar snack! Tried it last night and have already returned in less than 24 hours. Oops! There are no better views in Philly and this space is so different from anything I've ever seen here in this city. This breaks the mold of Philly's restaurants. Honestly the interior a bit like a space ship which is super fun!! My first time I tried the summer corn which was great... it's nice to have a dark drink that feels light. I have tried the tuna tartare lettuce wraps which a great light option packed with a punch of flavor... I'm not usually a fan of spicy items but I have to say these hit the spot. I can't wait to try a full service dinner in the dining room. What a wonderful atmosphere! Nice staff and a great management team!
Have been here twice now, once during the day and once at night. It was recommended that we get reservations for both, and I would agree. During the day we could have just sat at the bar but having a reservation guarantees you get in. Check opentable a few times, even if there isn't one when you first look.

Drinks: great. Smaller cocktail menu but they can make pretty much anything. I've now had their cucumber martini (highly recommend) and vodka lemonade on the menu, and we asked for espresso martinis (not on the menu) but were fabulous. 

Food: had the mushroom pizza. Omg. So good and reasonably priced. Would absolutely recommend.

All in all, great spot for a nicer occasion to have drinks. Cool to bring friends from out of town because you can see the entire city from above, so daytime is recommended. We were in jeans, no need to dress up.
Visited here for a date night. It is located in the Four Seasons hotel. The elevator ride up to the 60 floor was pretty cool. The ambiance was perfect for a date night or if you're trying to impress someone on a first date. You cannot beat the views from the top of Philly as you wine and dine. I would say if you're very hungry this isn't the place for you in terms of value. The pizza was delicious and we tried the sushi, as well as their take on a strawberry sundae. Had a few drinks. Only reason I gave 4 stars is because of it being unbelievably pricey but the experience was well worth the visit. If we go back it would be just for drinks and the cool experience. And oh yeah, dress to impress !
Definitely a place to come for the views and vibes but not necessarily for the food. The service was decent especially loved the covid masks bag they put on each of our seats. The views are also absolutely phenomenal -- you can see everything you need to see in Philly from the top (love the Art Museum view). 

The wagyu steak roll was surprising in a bad way -- we thought it was going to be much bigger but literally came as one roll cut in half. 

The truffle pizza was the best out of all the dishes but also it's quite small not a normally sized pizza. 

PRO TIP: 
1. Reservation was hard to get but also because we went during graduation weekend 

2. If you go, ask for the seats near the windows so you can see the view!
JG SkyHigh is hands-down the classiest restaurant & bar in all of Philly.

The staff and service is top-notch. The ambiance and venue is incredibly luxe. The online pictures really don't do it justice.

The food itself is completely delectable & well-portioned. For two people, multiple drinks & multiple plates - it was less than $200 in total. 

I've been twice now, and it is truly a 5-star experience everytime. I really cannot recommend JG enough.
If you're looking for a meal- make sure you book Jean George's as this area is strictly appetizers. Definitely misleading as you're in a more formal dining setting (unless you're at a bar high top). Great food. Expect to spend around $500 for two people including alcohol. Definitely pricey for apps. Great happy hour though! Incomparable architecture and views!!
I made reservations for myself which later on I wanted to add my husband  about 3 days prior to my reservation date. I was surprised that I was told it's fully booked because I thought it would be easy to add another person to a one party reservation. I was seated to a two seats table so he could have been seated together. 

I learnt that JG SkyHigh serves small plates while Jean George on the lower level serves full course dinner.
The front desk lady is super friendly and helpful. My server was nice but reserved and not as welcoming, warm, and friendly,like the others. 

The sourdough bread is super soft and moist. The texture is more like white bread. It comes with a high quality of olive oil which is poured in front of you. The person who serves it is very courteous. You can have a refill for the bread

Shrimp "satay". I write it in parenthesis because it's not a real satay. I'm from Indonesia so I know it's not a satay. Satay is supposed to be grilled. It's kinda an insult to my culture by naming it a satay . The three huge shrimps are breaded in panko on two sides and fried. The sweet and sour dipping sauce is watery and flavorless. The shrimps are juicy though. 


The chocolate cake with marshmallow icing is really delicious. It's not too sweet. It's dense and fudgy.

I asked to take home two slices of my leftover bread and to my surprise I got a full serving of bread.
Overall the view is more enjoyable than the food except the chocolate cake. I think the selling point of this place is the view and atmosphere.
So we walked in without a reservation, immediately seated in the lounge with an awesome server, Alicia, and we were completely overwhelmed with the experience! The ride up the glass elevator was like being in a glass airplane during takeoff!!!  Not a bad seat in the place. Drinks are a bit pricy, but you have to have the mentality of going into an observatory where alcoholic beverages are served. Food was perfectly balanced and the seating was spectacular!  Definitely coming back here with a group for dinner! FYI. Restaurant/ dinner menu is served on the lower floor, just below the lounge (59-1/2)
JH Skyhigh functions more as an experience than a restaurant in my opinion. The most memorable part of dining here was the glass elevator ride up and the view which overlooks all of philly. I might even be able to see my house from there if I had binoculars! The staff was great. They were professional and formal. They took our orders and put everything in perfectly. So far everything was going great until the food came in. Don't get me wrong the food for the most part was amazing but the amount of food was a bit off putting. The dishes barely got us full yet the amount of money this was worth could have gotten us about two weeks worth of groceries. I understand it's a nicer restaurant and therefore it would have lesser portions but like I said the food was amazing FOR THE MOST PART. It's really good but not anything spectacular enough to spend this much money on especially at these portions. If you want the full Philly overview experience and riding a glass elevator up then I say go for it. I strongly recommend going here atleast once in your life time for the view and to try out the food but I myself wouldn't become a regular here.
Every detail here is lovely. From the moment you are greeter at the door downstairs to the escort upstairs it is very well done. The only negative I have to say is the hostess at the restaurant completely ignored us for 15 min as she took a call while we waited to be seated for our reservation. Antoinette, our server was the best! Very personable and helpful in selecting food and drinks. Everything was delish!
Excellent views, first and foremost. Classy venue. Tasteful service. Going for breakfast on a sunny day is a great idea. On a Wednesday, it was tranquil and we enjoyed a leisurely breakfast in the clouds. Not too expensive either - standard hotel prices.

As for the food itself, at least the breakfast dishes we ordered, it was good but nothing to write home about. I felt the omelet was a little dry/overcooked. Other items were standard: toast, jam, tea, etc.

I did like the matcha blueberry muffin, which, being Asian, I bestow the grandest compliment: "Not too sweet!" The grass-fed butter from Lancaster was a nice touch.
Amazing and stunningly right in the heart of philly. Good for brunch for sure, going back for drinks. You want this place on your bucket list. The staff are perfect, coffee is tasty, orange juice yum and the menu has plenty of choices without being overwhelming.
The ambiance, view, and service are what commands the high prices for slightly elevated bar fare. I'm still unsure if I think it's totally worth it, but it's an experience nonetheless. 360 views of the city and a sleek interior is right on par with what I expect from the 4 seasons and Jean Georges. Some people dressed for a classy bar, others dressed in a 3-piece suit so no one was really out of place. On to the food.

Drinks- The gin cocktail was well made and interesting 

Starters- Crispy Sea trout , Calamari, and Margherita Pizza. The sushi is a must-get, fresh fish and a nice crispy rice. The calamari was just ok, the batter was lacking flavor and the foam aioli had no body and so it didn't really help. The pizza was pretty tasty although small

Entrees - Mushroom crusted salmon and Burger.  Both were delicious, I wish the salmon had a bit more pizzaz, but the cook was perfect. The burger and fries were tasty and had plenty of bacon, but nothing spectacular.

Dessert - The chocolate cake was rich and although we were stuffed, we couldn't stop eating it. 

Overall
Drinks 4/5
Calamari 2/5
Crispy Seat Trout 5/5
Margherita Pizza 4/5
Salmon - 3/5
Burger 4/5
Chocolate Cake 5/5
An exceptional dinning experience from start to finish. Be it the food or the service, JG SkyHigh / The Four Seasons delivers. I recently visited for breakfast and had pancakes, soft scrambled eggs, well done bacon, and coffee. Everything was perfectly cooked to my specifications and while it was expensive, it was worth every dollar spent. Highly recommend.
This bar captures the most spectacular view of our beautiful city. Truly special. I came with six friends. Drinks and food were fine. The reception service was appalling. After a drink at the bar we inquired about getting a table for our party to order food.  The hostess was rude and aloof. Haughty disdain for customers does not convey the image of high end - polite service does. Several of us have an opportunity to entertain clients in the city.  This would be a great venue but we won't be back.
What is there to say? The elevator ride was worth the wait alone. 

Walking into the JG SkyHigh was such an experience. I was mesmerized by the views of the whole city. The decor of the lounge/restaurant made it even special with the ambient lighting and white decor contrasting the night view. 

I came for a special night to celebrate with a friend. We didn't have a plan in mind, so we ordered drinks. The bartenders  were frIendly and very helpful. They made sure we were well waited on and went above beyond their duty. 

Me and my friend proceeded to order food. We were having so much fun we forgot how much time had passed since we ordered. When asked about the 30 minute delay since we ordered, one of the bartenders rushed to see what was going on with the kitchen. He apologized and made sure our food was the next on the line immediately. As we waited, the staff offered us complimentary soups and bread for the wait. That left a great taste and impression afterwards.

We then ordered more drinks while waiting for the food and my beer was spilt by the crowd at the bar. The bartender that served us replaced it without any questions asked. The service was so exceptional he made sure that for the long wait we experienced for food that they would give us a complimentary drink.

The food came out finally and it was worth the wait. The octopus and yellowfin yuzu was exceptional. No complaints about the food were made as it was all devoured in mere seconds.

Overall, my experience at JG was perfect. The staff went above and beyond to make sure that their guest were having a great time and being served properly. The environment felt you were transported out of Philadelphia and in Singapore or NYC. The food promptness could had been a bit faster, but the service the staff provided made up for the time. This is a definitely must go!
JG sky high is absolutely gorgeous.I loved going there before Covid hit. I went recently and found the drinks to be short. They've changed to little martini glasses and fill them half to 3/4 full.
The food was good, not great. The view, as spectacular as ever.
One of the best place to visit in Philadelphia center city. The view was just awesome. As I am vegetarian I had not so many options but the bar and the restaurant was pretty packed. I would say make your reservation in advance so you don't have to wait. We were there for almost 2 and half hour and it was really great so see the sun goes down and see the lights of the city. Quite a high price restaurant but that was expected.
Will definitely visit again.
Food 4/5
Ambiance 4.5/5
CiryView 10/5
Philly is in the middle of Hotel and Rooftop Bar Renaissance (The HotelAissance? The RooftopAissance) with new rooms going up and even higher and higher places to drink opening on top of them. None are higher than JG Skyhigh atop the new 4 Seasons Philly--itself atop the the new Comcast 2 skyscraper. A quick elevator ride (45 seconds, ear-popping and all) takes you 60 stories up to the "Lobby" of the Four Seasons and a vast, open room with mirrored ceilings, floor to ceiling windows overlooking Philly, and 3 distinct areas to dine and entertain. The main lounge to the left is the bar area with high tops and communal seating. The dining area to the right requires a reservation and has service from waiters. Straight ahead, down a series of light up stairs and through a waterfall is the second bar with all of its grandeur on display. More table seating is available here. I've done happy hour (the chips and salsa were surprisingly flavorful and spicy) and late night bites here (which is relative--everything shuts down at 1am). The summer happy hour was limited, but fresh and full of color and flavor. The late night foie gras (take THAT, NYC!) was amazing delicious and tender. Cocktails are not an issue at all, here. Classics are whipped up with style and ease by the mixologists and I encourage guests to ask them to get creative with a cocktail of their own imagination; these people know what they're doing. On some nights like Fridays, there's a DJ up there but I challenge anyone to distinguish the DJs mix or volume from regular ambient music. This isn't Club JG SkyHigh, but if you're going to have a DJ, let them turns things up a notch or else just let your Spotify do the work to set the mood. An absolutely welcome addition to Philly as a whole. Looking forward to more visits in the future
Go up a seamless glass elevator 60 floors to the top of Philadelphia at the new Four Seasons to experience amazing views, stellar cocktails and delicious food.  It's expensive but worth it.  Standouts for us were the lobster and corn pizza (a daily special), and crispy salmon sushi.  Well-crafted cucumber martini was excellent.  No room for dessert this time, but we will be back.
We had a reservation, so we did not have to wait in a crazy long line. Lovely staff and service...view is spectacular, drinks were delish, food is beyond disappointing...bar food for top dollar...try a $100 per head for nothing special...flavorless chimichurri on beef tenderloin tips (the cheap end filet cuts that are $7 at the butcher) for $38....roasted prawns (a.k.a. shrimp) that tasted fishy, chipotle chicken tacos that were actually filled with fried chipotle chicken (fried should be noted on the menu)....average butter cream cheese frosting carrot cake ...and chocolate cake ( which was stale with rubbery marshmallow frosting) ....Beyond awful. Don't even waste your money, as the food is beyond terrible. Jean George should be ashamed of himself.

Two stars are for only the service and ambience-
Stopped by to catch up with a good friend of mine here at JG Sky High and I had a lovely first visit. Our server was Kaitlyn N., she was super attentive, and made us feel at home. The food and drinks were ok, the burrata and calamari were fantastic though. I'd revisit in the future--This is a nice place to catch up and have good conversation with a view over cocktails. Thanks JG!
Pretty disappointing experience at this newly opened restaurant and bar. We (a party of six mid-twenty females) arrived around 3pm. I spoke with the hostess of the bar area and got our name on the list. She told me it wouldn't be more than 10 minutes. We waited by the hostess stand for about 20 minutes before I followed up. She was polite but dismissive and told me it should be ready soon. 

I received a text letting me know that we were number 6 on the wait list, so we decided to get a drink standing at the bar. We wound up staying for OVER AN HOUR and I was never contacted via text or approached by staff. Eventually, we just wound up leaving after drinks at the bar and did not even order food. 

Having been a guest at many Four Seasons in the past, I was really let down by this experience in my own town.
Great view, and the steak was tough,.  The tuna tartar was great.  Overall ehh.  The drinks were good tho! 3 stars.
Really enjoyed my dinner here. We made the reservations over a month in advance as this place is in high demand due to it being new. The only reservation was at 10pm; however it was well worth it. When we originally entered the hotel, there was a line to get upstairs. After waiting for a few minutes we realized the line was for people without reservations. They should probably have a sign or tell people with reservations that there is no need to wait. The evening was amazing. The food was great, we got pizza, cheesesteak rolls, tacos, and a few others. I was disappointed that I could not eat a large amount of the appetizers due to my shellfish allergy and the kitchen not being able to complete ensure that my food would not be cooking in the same oil as the shellfish. Nonetheless, we got some appetizers, and drinks. Our waitress seemed all over the place, and might have been frazzled because she's new, but overall she was nice so it wasn't a huge deal. The views, ambiance, and decor are amazing. Will definitely be back!!
Let's be honest, you're not coming to JG SkyHigh for the food. The ambiance is what brings people here, and the views are as good as advertised. 

That said, here's what I would tell any friend interested in going... 
- Get reservations. 
- The Crispy Salmon Sushi and Lychee Raspberry Bellini were standout dishes. Everything else we got was "just ok," if not disappointing, but a neighboring table's pasta dish (maybe the Rigatoni with Meatballs?) smelled incredible. 
- Beware: it may be loud and chaotic, so parties may feel jammed in, which is not the most relaxing experience.
