Best Cheesesteaks by far.. I tried tourist friendly Pat's and Geno's and more local Ishkabibble's and this one.. and yes.. Tony Luke's was closed too early and also on the next day as well on Sunday as we were leaving to go back to Seattle..

this place's cheesesteak had premium, thinly sliced beef on a tender, soft hoagie and the cheese.. it had a queso feel to it.. indeed, this sandwich was very comforting and good!

good staff, great service

shout out to Mikey Chen for highlighting this on his video.. indeed a good one
Gotta have Philly cheese in Philadelphia right?

I googled (not sure why I didn't search on Yelp) Philly cheese near me and this place came up on my search as most reviewed place in the area.

They currently offer take out only.

I asked them to give me whoever everyone orders the most. They asked me if I wanted onions or mushrooms, I asked them add if that's how most people eat. 

Staff there was friendly with great smile.

Since I didn't know where I can go to eat, I ended up walking back to the independence national park area where I knew they had plenty of benches to sit down.

It was a bit of walk, by the time I got to the park and ready to eat, bread was very soggy and I didn't have enough napkins to keep my hands clean. 

Sandwich itself was a full of flavor. A half was enough was it was very filling.  I needed to walk around more to help me settle my stomach.

I would like to come back when indoor dining opens and enjoy their food right after they prepare it.
Against my better judgment and countless recommendations, I came to "Jim's Steak South Street" last. What a huge mistake. First off, this place deserves six stars. Second this place is crowned king of cheese steak. Everyone I talked to in Philadelphia said come here and again, I waited. It's nice that it's indoors. Today was cold so not freezing while you eat was a plus. It's two floor and full of history. In fact this place has more history than some museums in the area. You wait on line and they make your order at the counter. The cut real steak and cook it up so it's piping hot. They put the toppings on in front of you as well, so you see how much your getting. They don't sell sides, but they make up by selling beer if you like. Once you smell that amazing hero, you truck up to the second floor. There's plenty of sunlight and seating to enjoy. But the view and the seating paled in comparison to the taste of the cheese steak! The meat must have been seasoned because it was a work of art on my taste buds. The onions also tasted great. The cheese tasted like real melted cheese and they gave so much. Again I'll see it, they gave cheese (Did I ever mention I love CHEESE)! This hero, set itself apart from the other places I've been. I definitely recommend it, and trust me this is your first stop. Don't make the same mistake I made........Twice.
*cash only!* ATM inside that charged $2. 

Philly, you're known for cheesesteaks and I feel like I've been on a search for one every time I come to the city. It's weird to me, well I take that back, it's cool to me how everyone has a preference in where to get the best Philly. 

This trip, we tried something we were told to go to from our Lyft driver. As we walked to the restaurant, the line was WRAAAAPPED around the building. So I decided to have a little fun & time it on my phone. 48 minutes from where we started until we got upstairs to grub. 

While, we waited. . it was nice talking to the people around us and reading the stuff on the wall! So many signatures and photos to look at. 

Before you order, it's important to know .. what you want to order LOL. DOOOO NOT be that person that goes up to the window and "uhhhh" your life away. Anyway, it's important to also know the kind of cheese that you want for your philly. You can pick from Whiz. American, or Provolone. OF COURSE, the Philly way is with Whiz, however I am personally not a fan of it. So, I always get provolone. 

Since I'm "not supposed to eat bad", I decided to shared my other half of my philly cheese with someone. I let him fix it anyway he wanted. He asked for grilled onions, mushrooms, aaaand forgot the mayo so we had to put it on after. Overall, it was good. 

My friend cannot eat meat so he got the Meatless version. He finished it and was surprised at the fact that it was really good. 

I was disappointed in THREE things: 
1. They don't really season the meat. 
2. As I walked upstairs in the dinning area, I saw the big cans of mushrooms. I don't know, for some reason that was a turn off 
3. THEY DON'T SELL FRIES. I was going to be a baddie and get some but. . they decided to control that for me :)) hahha. 
If in the area, I would pick this place over other. . locations on the same street *wInk. ....* 

Please get frieeeees.
Jim's: A good cheesesteak? Yes. The best ever? No.

Not only that, but the service was gruff and barky. "I can't hear you!" hollered the guy behind the grease-flecked window. "Whiz with fried onions!" I repeated back, slightly louder. Sheesh.

I watched as he decided to either scoop up every last bit of cooked meat on the grill or wait for the fresh meat to brown. He went with the former, although he tried to compensate with extra fried onions. I was disappointed. Fortunately, this was yet another case of my eyes being bigger than my stomach, because once I got my cheesesteak and Diet Coke (laugh all you want, I have to cut calories somewhere!) upstairs to the table seating, I was pretty content. Had there been more steak, the whiz would have been drowned out completely. Although, I would have preferred the whiz on top versus being slathered on the bun. 

I housed that thing at warp speed and, while it was greasy and tasty, it was not earth-moving. I've had comparable (or better) steaks in Jersey, for less money and service with a smile.
Jim's Steak was conveniently located close by to the Liberty Bell so we opted to stop by for some cheesesteaks. Only two people ahead of us in line on a Monday afternoon. 

I ordered the Cheese Steak with whiz and grilled peppers/onions for $9 (cash only). The meat was bland and did not have enough flavor. While they were cooking fresh meat on the grill, it appeared they only added water for cooking - no seasonings. The jalapenos available definitely helped the flavor profile of the cheese steak. Bottom of the bread got soggy really quick and made the sandwich messy to eat. Overall, unimpressed with Jim's.

On top of the mediocre food, the customer service wasn't too hot either. None of the staff were friendly nor welcoming.
"I don't like Jim's because when you go there for lunch you smell like cheese sticks all day"....words from a friend of mine who lives in Philadelphia.

I have to be honest with you, Jim's Steaks South st gave us a great sandwich!!

Paying these guys a visit just after walking around a few blocks to try to walk off a Ishkabibble's sandwich, we then stopped on in here when the aroma snagged us.  

We decided on the cheese steak ($9) with cheese whiz and caramelized onions.  OMG the smell of fried onions is 

SO

GOOD

!!!

It's a simple sandwich really.  Chopped beef, onions, cheese, nice bread, and that's it folks.  I enjoyed every bite, and because we split the sandwich, all the calories didn't make me feel so bad.

There is a seating area where the food is being cooked, but walk up a narrow set of stairs and it'll take you to an upstairs dining room where there's plenty of tables to sit.

Much more of a touristy place to get a bite, for me Jim's delivers and in a world where smelling like a cheese steak all day gets you a great sandwich, well I hope no one i'm sitting next to is a vegetarian!!

Great spot, good food!
Being the unofficial Mayor of Philadelphia in South Florida I'm constantly asked the question, which is the best Gino's or Pats? My answer is neither. Those are amateur moves because the best Philly cheesesteak is found at Jim's on South Street. It's just that simple.

It doesn't have the history of those places. You won't find a Boyz II Men shooting a video there (Motownphilly), you won't run into Joe Biden there, but everyone knows the Jim's is pound for pound the best in the biz. There are plenty of great places and chances are if you have never had a real Philly you're in for a treat.

I prefer Jim's because it's simply the better steak. I would advise anyone coming here to prepare to wait in line. Lunch time is no joke so off-peak hours would be best. Also, it does not make sense to just have one sandwich. Man up and get you two. Even if you just eat 1 1/2, it'll be worth it.

You have have it wit or without and it won't matter because the sandwich is great either way. How much more do I need to say about a Philly cheesesteak?

I'll rank the importance of Philadelphia landmarks and notable celebrities to show you just how Jim's stacks up.

1. Liberty Bell
2. Independence Hall
3. Philadelphia Art Museum
4. Rocky Balboa
5. Reading Terminal Market
6. Ben Franklin (resident, not born)
7. DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince
8. Joe Frazier
9. The Sport Complex (Citizens Bank Park/Linc/Wells Fargo Center)
10. Jim's Steaks
11. The Roots
12. Teddy Pendergrass
13. Bill Cosby
14. Wilt Chamberlain
15. Betsy Ross House
16. Frank Rizzo
17. The Philadelphia Zoo
18. Bernard Hopkins
19. Elfreth's Alley
20. Kevin Bacon
21. Noam Chomsky
22. Kobe Bryant
23. Ed Rendell
24. Betsy Ross House
25. Tie 
a) Chase Utley
b) Tastycake
***Jim's Steaks puts out tasty cheesesteaks on great, crusty bread; for the price, it is both a tasty lunch/dinner and a good value***

There are so many well-known cheesesteaks spots in Philadelphia that you really would have to spend a lot of time in Philadelphia to probably find your favorite one (there is not really one place that is universally accepted by most people as the best).  I ended up choosing Jim's because it sounded good and its location was convenient; this Jim's is just a short (as well as a nice) walk from key Philadelphia attractions like the Liberty Bell (parts of the street along the way make you feel like you have gone back in time--a truly special experience and one that you cannot easily experience in the U.S.).

Jim's Steaks is a small shop that features a hot flat top as well as a few seating options.  Jim's Steaks features a variety of hot sandwiches as well as many ways to get your cheesesteak outfitted: different cheeses (Whiz, American, Provolone), different toppings (peppers, onions, mushrooms) and even Italian ingredients like pizza sauce.

Sandwiches at Jim's Steaks are served on (I believe) Amoroso's rolls.  It is a perfect vehicle for the cheesesteak.  The bread has a great crispy and chewy crust.  There is just enough bread on the inside (not too much where you end up just tasting a lot of bread and not the meat like you get with some sandwiches).  The inside has the right texture too--not dry or hard but also not too soft, which would have resulted in the sandwich potentially becoming soggy or gross.

The meat is chopped up pretty thoroughly and it is tasty and not too fatty.  The meat looks a little dry, but it is not bad. There is a good amount of moisture.  I had the cheesesteak with onions and Whiz and both were good.  There was just the right amount of Whiz so you get a lot of creaminess and a noticeable (though I guess you could say artificial) cheese flavor without it taking over the sandwich.

Service was fairly quick and if you get to Jim's right when it opens, you do not have to deal with a long line (you can also find a place to sit).

Prices were reasonable.  You get a filling and tasty sandwich for under $10 and for the price, it is pretty good and probably tastier and more interesting than what you would get with the same amount of money at a lot of order-at-the-counter places in other cities.

Jim's Steaks was a very satisfying spot for a hot, tasty and filing sandwich.  The weather was a little cool, which made the sandwich even more satisfying.  There are probably many great spots in Philadelphia for a cheesesteak and Jim's version is a respectable one and definitely one you would need to try if you are seeking to find out which of the city's cheesesteaks is your favorite.

I am not sure what the parking situation is around here.  I think metered street parking is available, but spaces might be difficult to find.
Ooooh, don't mind me. I've been drankin'. It's Friday night. During quarantine. And I'm writing this review while tipsy. During quarantine. And guess what?! I'm STILL gonna write it. During quarantine. Because... it's Friday night. During quarantine. So THERE. Ha!

Tonight I was craving for a steak. Unfortunately, many of the steak spots in my area aren't open for sit down, and the waits for takeout are just too long for me to bare right now. So for a split second... I thought about getting a cheesesteak. And then I thought about Jim's, and I just had to quickly change my mind. You see, I live in the great state of Cali. The problem with this is that the cheesesteaks here are nowhere near as delicious as the one that I had at Jim's. Nowhere NEAR it. I wasn't about to disappoint myself by getting a below second rate cheesesteak from a chain that isn't even all that great. 

The saying is true; once you've had a Philly cheesesteak from PHILLY bay-baaaaay... you will never look at a cheesesteak the same way ever again. Had my first real Philly cheesesteak at Jim's South Street and hunty; they did not disappoint. Didn't receive the warmest welcome from the staff when I stepped into that joint, but you gotta realize the sitch' right quick. It was late night, and most of the peeps who creep here in the late hours are probably drunk as hell. You gotta have thick skin to deal with the drunkards, so I understand. 

It's pretty simple; You walk in, look at the menu board (if you have to), choose what you want and tell them at the counter. Then, walk down and pay at the register. You'll wait for your food and then you can take it upstairs to eat it if you wanna dine in. Since it was my first time getting a real Philly cheesesteak, I had to go with the original. Yuuup. Ya girl got that good ol' Philly Phil sammich! Sh*t was the f*ck GOODT. Sorry to be so vulgar but it truly was. 

Just imagine this beautifully soft roll of bread, filled with most tender, juicy thin slices of steak, sandwiched between cheese so melted that it practically turns into strings when you pull the sandwich halves apart. And all of that tasty juice and oil dripping in pure glory. So, normally I wouldn't be a fan of the messy mess. I'm light weight bougie wit it (don't you dare judge). I just hate gettin' sh*t all over my mouth, hands, and clothes, especially grease. BUT... I just couldn't get enough of it here. Couldn't get ENOUGH. Gimme da grease puh-lease! Give it TO me. 

Not only was this cheesesteak juicy as all hell, but it was meatier than life itself. Flavored for the GAWDS. Givin' me all of this extra life that I didn't even know that I needed. Yes, I loved it. And yes, I want some more... damnit. Heavenly is what I'll call it. How I'll describe it. Yeah... that part. 

If you eat upstairs, they have this "guard" who just sits there and watches you while you eat. A little annoying, slightly creepy, and down right uncomf, but I understand why they do it. Some of these damn peeps be actin' REAL cray cray. You'll have a nice little view of South street if you choose to sit by the window. The "guard" also cleans the tables once people leave. I guess homeboy ain't so bad after all.

More than the cheesesteak though, I've gotta say, I truly enjoyed chatting it up with the staff. There was one older gentleman, didn't get his name. He was so hospitable. He heard my "accent" (I guess us Californians really do stand out, huh?!) and asked me where I was from. We instantly struck up a convo after that and he was so warm and welcoming toward me. That really made my night, especially since it was my first time there. 

Lawd. What I would give to have another one of dem cheesesteaks right about now. So damn good. If you're there right now, just make like Nike and DO IT. Have yourself a merry little cheesesteak and take full advantage of the drip. The grease drip that is. It's truly sensational. And you will love it. I can't wait for the day that I'll return to be reunited with that Philly cheesesteak again.
Every single time I visit a new city outside of the Bay Area, I need to do at least three things. 

1) See the sights.
2) Try a signature dish or food item from that particular city.
3) Karaoke.

So #2 is why I came here. The line to eat here went out the door and circled around the corner. But in the end, this place is a tourist trap.

The cheesesteak sandwich here is mediocre. Nothing is fresh. The beef is bland and tasteless, the bread is a bit soggy, the peppers and mushrooms are canned, and the staff is surly and rude. 

One guy that was more rude than the rest was the guy bussing tables upstairs in the seating area barely wiped the table I was going to eat on. He was definitely too fat to bend over and wipe it properly. And at the end of the meal, he got mad at me for not putting a can on top of the garbage for them to recycle it. He pointed to a different bin that said "CANS" but it was so scratched up it looked like it said "CRAP" to me. Sure, he has a job to bus tables and clean up litter in that upstairs area, but he is too fat and lazy to get up and put the can in the right spot. He'd rather place his body against the wall and take out his frustration on me. Get up, fat boy, and do your damn job!

Philadelphia is a great city and they invented the cheesesteak sandwich; but in the end, they just taste better in the Bay Area since we have fresh produce and can use fresh mushrooms and peppers.
When in Rome... How can you go to Philly and NOT get a cheese steak?! I was recommended Jim's by a Philly native and I'm glad I listened to him! The interior is a very diner-type feel. There are a bunch of photos of celebrities who have made the trek to Jim's which I thought was pretty cool. The first floor is all about food and the second floor has all of the seating. I like how the seats are indoors, especially when it's chilly outside. 

When you're ordering, you gotta order the Philly way. I got a "whiz wit" which is a cheese steak with cheese and onions. The cheese is the type of nacho cheese you get at the ball game and the onions are grilled which provide a nice crunch to the sandwich! I love how the steak is tender and chopped up. Tons of flavor! I heard that the steak is prepared differently depending on the place you go and I'm a big fan of the way the steak was prepared here. The bread was also amazing. It's soft, fluffy but still kept it's shape. You can definitely tell the difference between the bread here and outside of Philly. The only thing that I wish was different was the amount of "whiz" that was on the sandwich. I wish there was more cheese!! I guess next time, I just have to ask personally for more cheese. 

Jim's is a fantastic spot for a cheese steak! Trusted by locals!
3.5 stars.

Two words, pescetarians: tuna sub.

Three letters, vegetarians: S.O.L.

So what's a non-meat eater doing writing a review of Jim's?  Well, this is for all you other non-meat eaters out there who've been asked to tag along with your carnivorous friends and are scurred you'll starve.  I've been to Jim's several times on several trips to Philadelphia -- friends love Jim's, husband loves Jim's -- doing recon for you folks.  And I actually kinda love it, too.  Why?

1) It's on bustling, vibrant South Street.  It doesn't get much more convenient than that.

2) Standing in a line circling the block with hundreds of others waiting for their taste of tuna (what? aren't we all in line for the tuna?) builds a fun little sense of community.  I've waited in line in the dour sleet of February, the welcome balm of July, and waltzed right into Jim's with no line.  It's all an experience.

3) People build this place up like the workers rival the Soup Nazi's exacting expectations and precision preparation.  I find the staff who work here full of brotherly love and much-needed efficiency.

4) I enjoy the butterflies in my stomach as the anticipation builds: "Will we get a seat upstairs or not?  Will there be space?  I'm willing to throw some elbows or take out a kid or two."  Inevitably, space always seems to open just as you stumble up the stairs.

5) My dining companions always rave about the cheesesteaks, and I heart the bread.

6) Tuna fish for non-meat eaters.  'Nuff said.

[15 Minutes of Fame: "Rachael Ray's $40 a Day" and "Man v. Food" (Philadelphia Cheesesteak)]
When it is late, you're drunk and starving and happen to still be down around South Street, this is where you go. Even though the guy taking your order might yell at you so meanly that it makes you want to cry, and your cheesesteak will not be the most delicious one you've ever eaten. It doesn't matter. It's some fine post-drinkin' food.
Customizable cheesesteak? Grilled onions? Where do you think you are? Burger King? In-N-Out? Starbucks? I told my cousin to not be the annoying tourist. My bad, after reading the reviews and listening to him order, apparently you can have it your way. Just tell the guy what you want. 

I just got a cheesesteak provolone. I'm not too keen on cheesesteaks and wanted to keep it basic. I should have added onions to mine because it was bland. We added salt and pepper to our sandwiches. The meat was chopped up this time (yay!) and not at all greasy (surprisingly). The bread was real good, soft and doughy. I liked the vibe at Jim's. It felt local as opposed to Pat's and Geno's which is like standing in line at a theme park or carnival. 

Jim's sandwiches are far better than Pat's and Geno's but still not what I thought cheesesteaks were gonna be like. As Mari H explains, maybe I just don't 'get it' yet. I also highly doubt my tastebuds are more refined than hers. After all, I am a Steak-umm kinda gal. So with that said, perhaps the city of Philly has more refined tastebuds than me.

And like a cheesesteak whore, I'm on to the next one. Hello Tony Luke!

PS- There is plenty of seating upstairs but they don't let you loiter.
Any location with a constant line of people wrapped around the outside of the building waiting to get in is usually a pretty good sign of a business doing something right. That is the exact case here at Jim's Steaks. The steaks here are straight up, out of this world! 

My regular cheesesteak with American, Whiz, and Onions raised and set the bar for all other cheesesteaks to live up to. The bread was perfectly soft and chewy. The meat was tender and flavorful, with a perfect meat to bread ratio. The onions were diced a little larger than I like, but were fresh and had some bite. The cheese was melty, gooey and brought the steak all together. 

When you enter, you walk into see the wall of fame, full of celebrities who have graced Jim's for a serving of their greatness. Proceed to the order station where your sandwich is prepared right in front of you. Order a bottled soda or beer, pay your tab, then head upstairs to the dining room and let the deliciousness commence. You can even see the meat being sliced in the kitchen and check out the quality cuts they are using. Make sure to grab plenty of extra napkins and even a few packets of their Spicy South Street Lucifer Habanero Table Spice if you need a little extra heat. 

This place serves up a legit Philly Cheesesteak, and will be the first one I get my next time through Philly!
For decades, I was living under a rock and thought that Pat and Geno's were the Meccas of philly cheese steak sandwiches.  Now, I've had those two bookmarked for quite some time but when I asked local's who had the best steak sandwiches, those two names never popped up.  Matter of fact they discouraged me from going to these tourist traps and instead they shined the light towards Jim's.  First off, the area it's in is amazing.  It kind of reminds me of the Haight-Ashbury neighborhood in San Francisco and Jim's Steaks fits right in like a glove with it's clean and shiny look.  Anyhow, with this cash only spot ready for all it's customers, the assembly line is quick but still creates fresh and ready sandwiches.  You have to get it with onion and whiz...it's the only way.  Then fortunately for you, head upstairs to enjoy the toasted bread.  Okay and here's where the secret is at...in the condiment little section they have these brown packets (they look like raw sugar packets) that contain an incredible spice that levels up the cheese steak.  It's called Saint Lucifer Spice and when sprinkled on the sandwich, it makes your belly smile.  I couldn't believe that I was able to finish the meal so quickly and even then I was mopping up all the whiz, juices and little crumbs with a fork and just savoring every damn bite.  Easily, the best!
Cheesesteaks, water ice, Tastykakes, and scrapple. That's what Philly does best.

Who does the Philly cheesesteak best? Uhmm.. I donno. I've had Jim's, Geno's, Pat's, and everything in between but c'mon now.. a rose by any other name would smell as sweet, and they're all just names. The scent of a 'wiz with' would still make me salivate if it were sitting in the gutter. 

I hadn't had a cheesesteak in months and I was craving one after my 4 hour bus trip from NYC so not only was I hungry, I was cranky. The emotional eater in me ordered a wiz with, with extra wiz. It sounds confusing (cheesesteak with onions and wiz, with extra wiz on top), and disgusting and really unhealthy, but it was amaaazing. We took our cheesesteaks to the car and fogged up the windows like Titanic. My only peeve is that the bread's never toasted at Jim's. I don't want impotent bread, please!

If you've never had a cheesesteak before and think that Jim's isn't worth the hype, you just don't 'get it' yet. I didn't like my first or second cheesesteak. I was like, this is it..? The cheesesteak is something you have to be craving to enjoy.. like when you're drunk, hungover, or feeling gluttonous; you can't have it forced on you. I didn't like it till I figured out what I do like - which is a cheesesteak with onions, wiz, and ketchup. Everyone has their preferences. 

And if you have had millions of cheesesteaks and still don't like Jim's.. then you're tastebuds are way more refined than mine. Ignorance is bliss!
Delicious! Several people recommended this place to me, and it didn't disappoint! Whiz, American cheese, onions and 'shrooms topped my steak and it was cheesy perfection! Pair that with a Dr. Browns Cream Soda and it is a meal to dream about for days to come.  

Just remember, this place is CASH ONLY! They have an atm on premises, but you'll have to pay the $2 surcharge to use it.
Wow, waited almost 30 min to order and it was BLAND and not seasoned. It smelled great outside but without taste. I really really wanted to like this place but it's disappointing that I have to put salt and pepper on it on my own to ensure it has some flavors. 

Wouldn't recommend, maybe we went on a bad day?

Edit - based on recent reviews I noticed a lot of folks mentioned that the meat is bland so it's not just an off day when I went. Not sure why this is highly rated when the taste is bland...
When we tried going the first time it was on a weekend. The line was so long it stretched around the corner to the other side. We decided to come back on a week day another time at 4pm to see if lines will be shorter. 

We were right! If you wanna try this place, don't come during a busy hour on a weekend. Go during the week, it'll save you some frustration.

We got the Philly cheese steak with onions, peppers, mushroom, and whiz. They pan fry the ingredients right in front of you and takes seconds to prepare your food. The line does go pretty quickly as long as people are decisive on their orders. 

Ask for these spicy peppers on the side, it's the most flavorful stuff in my cheese steak. I was definitely not impressed with the cheese steak - it was lacking some flavor. I don't think they season the steak well. Maybe I'm just not a fan of Philly cheese steak in general? 

Seating upstairs is nice, but they also have standing tables outdoors.

Overall: no line during the week, average cheese steak, CASH ONLY
I have a great story to share with you (the reader) regarding my visit to this Jim's Steak location on 400 South Street!  

So, we drove from New York to Philly on what became an unofficial food trip.  By the time we made it to Jim's we had already devoured a few cheesesteaks at Pat's and Geno's, respectively.  The following day, when we decided to try Jim's per the aggressive insistence from the man at the concierge desk at our hotel, I was ready to sample what was labeled "the best" cheesesteak in town by said concierge man.

It was a Sunday, and we found parking right around the corner from Jim's.  Not knowing the parking regulations in Philly however, made us a tad nervous.  I spotted a guy sitting out in his yard, in his red t-shirt and jeans, wearing some smart flip-flops and leisurely puffing away at a cigarette, I felt confident that he, as a local would be able to provide us with some clarity regarding our parking situation.  I approached him, let's call him, Local Luke, and the conversation went (loosely) something like this:


Me:  "Hey, we're not from around here.  Do you know the parking regulations for this area?" 

Local Luke:  "Yeah.  If it's Sunday, you're good."

Me:  "Awesome, thanks.  By the way, can you point us in the direction of Jim's Steaks?"

Local Luke:  "Oh, that place?  It's right around the block.  But, I would say it's pretty bad.  I always see tourists lining out the door to eat there but I never understood why.  It smells like a slaughterhouse in there."

Me:  (GASP), "Wow, really?  Well, we went to Pat's and Geno's just the other day, and thought they were pretty decent."

Local Luke:  "Yeah, they are the worst in town.  You can go to Jim's and check it out.  Hopefully, you'll like it there, but I and all my neighbors agree that Ishkabibble's is much better."

Me:  "Oh okay, maybe we'll try that out, too.  Where is that?"

"Local Luke:  It sits perpendicular to Jim's.  Really good cheesesteak there."


And with that, and the words,  "S L A U G H T E R H O U S E"   ringing in my ears, we decided that we would proceed, albeit with much caution and a grain of salt.  

How could Jim's Steaks make the random internet search I did on the 10 best Philly cheesesteak joints if Local Luke was right about all that he had said?  We just had to try it anyway to see for ourselves.  Besides, we traveled quite a bit to try it, and we weren't going to be deterred, regardless of how well-meaning and honest Local Luke had been regarding the topic of cheesesteaks (and parking regulations).  

To start, the line at Jim's wasn't terribly long.  There may have been 15 or so hungrier mouths in front of us, but I noticed the line moved at a speedy pace.  As we were standing, I did notice the funky smell, and it wasn't too appealing, it honestly wasn't too pleasant an aroma that incites intrigue and hunger.  In fact, Local Luke was right, it was slightly repulsive. 

I felt the urge to ask the folks around us if they were locals and knew anything about the "Ishkabibbles" place that Local Luke had told us about.  But what do you know, the family in front of us was from Virginia, and the guy standing behind us, was also from out of town.  Though, he did say he loved Jim's and it was amazing the last time he had their cheesesteak.  But this proved another fact, this was a tourist trap!

When it came time to order, I got my 'control' cheesesteak with whiz and onions (how else was I going to fairly compare the other 3 places we went / were going to, with Jim's if I had gone with a different flavor combination, right?).  With our order, we had gotten a can of soda.  But the diva behind the counter would not dignify our question of whether the root beer was "Dr. Browns" with even a full head nod, 'no'.  With his frozen eyes, and his incomplete nod to the left-and-right he managed to diss us with an 30% answer, but a 110% feel of rejection.  Maybe this makes him a genius because he effectively responded with ultimate disdain, using little effort and absolutely no calories burned.  Well played, rude man.  Well played.

Afterwards, with our cheesesteaks in tow, we hiked up the stairs to eat in their dining room.  It's actually nice that they have seating upstairs.  I can see it being very useful in inclement weather conditions.  But the room is a little dingy, and feels like a postwar cafeteria, or a Chinese fast food takeout joint.  No matter, you really just need a seat to eat your sandwich and leave, I get it.  No deductions for Jim's.

So my cheesesteak was decent.  I'd put the experience on par with Pat's King of Steaks (they're tied for 3rd place in my book).  It was neither here nor there.  Meaning, I didn't love it, and I didn't hate it.  The meat wasn't memorable, I liked the onions, and the whiz was overflowing in a drip-drop sea of artificial cheese down my hands.  Just meh.

The moral of the story:  Never doubt (the proverbial) Local Luke.  If he tells you to try Ishkabibble's, make time to go.
On the plus side it isn't Pat's or Geno's. On the even better plus the stupid line actually leads you indoors for a change and you can usually grabs a pretty decent table (there's even one that has a pretty good view of outside South Street if your actually into it). and you can even get beer here, grant it you do end up paying about the price of half your sandwich for a crap selection. and if you want you can even order hoagies, although I've never had the itch to do so.

So unlike Pat's and Geno's there are actually some pretty tolerable reasons to come here. too bad the sandwiches still taste like bull crap compared to some of the better ones in Philly.
Full Disclosure! I went on a mini cheese steak tour into the city with my friends, and we went to eight total places. My review will reflect my opinion of only a basic cheese steak with choice of cheese, and in comparison to each other. I'll additionally disclose when I went to each place, to consider how full we already were.

Stop 4 of 8. We went to Jim's out of obligation to the hype, but it was disappointing. The lunch crowd constituted we didn't have a place to sit, and the workers didn't really seem all that enthused to help us. We got a cheese steak with American cheese and onions. The meat was bland and the balance to meat, onion, and cheese ration was off. The cheese isn't fully melted. Clearly it's popular, but I think it's overhyped. Might be a solid option for a post drinking meal though.
The Philly cheesesteaks we had at Jim's Steaks South Street (a.k.a. Jim's South St) were delicious. Several locals recommended Jim's to us instead of popular tourist traps, Pat's and Geno's. At the time of writing this review, Pat's has a 3-star average rating with over 3,900 reviews and Geno's has a 2.5-star rating (yikes) with over 3,100 reviews. Jim's has a better rating (3.5, still not great) with over 2,400 reviews. This place was a solid 4 for us. We really enjoyed it.

Jim's Steaks originally opened in Philadelphia in 1939. There are three locations in the city. This location, Jim's South St, opened in 1976 and is currently owned by a separate family than the other two. Aside from the different owners, I'm not sure what other differences there are other than I noticed Jim's South St uses bread from Liscio's Bakery while the other two locations use bread from Amoroso's Baking Company.

We showed up to Jim's South St around 6:15pm on a Sunday. There was a line out the door and almost around the corner. Inside, the line wrapped around twice. We made it to the ordering counter in about 20 minutes. Not bad. Outside, across the street, the restaurant, bar, and cafe, MilkBoy, had a blackboard propped on the sidewalk advertising a Jim's South St cheesesteak without the wait. I didn't see anyone bite while we were standing outside. I wonder how that works. Can you customize your Jim's cheesesteak at MilkBoy?

Jim's South St is cash only. During our visit, a cheesesteak cost $9 even plus 8% tax. Pretty much all sandwiches on the menu were in the $8-10 range. Along with steak and cheesesteak sandwiches, they also served other sandwiches like a pizza steak ($9.75), made with cheese and pizza sauce, and Italian hoagies with ingredients like Genoa salami, ham, capicola, prosciutto, and cheese. Beverage-wise, they offer canned sodas (Pepsi products and Dr. Brown's sodas), Dasani bottled water, juice, milk, and cheap beer.

Every sandwich is made on the spot to order. The kitchen is open so you can see steak being cooked and sandwiches being assembled quickly and in large quantities while you wait. The restaurant itself feels like an old diner or deli.

We ordered two sandwiches. One was a cheesesteak with Whiz, mushrooms, and onions ($9.75). The other was a cheesesteak with Whiz and American, and onions ($9). The cheese options are Whiz (Cheese Whiz), American cheese, and provolone cheese, all melted. We also got a Dr. Brown's cream soda ($2.25).

I highly recommend doubling up or getting more than one cheese. It makes a difference. We both preferred the cheesesteak with Whiz and American over the cheesesteak with just Whiz alone. I'm not sure how much it matters, but my fiancee noticed that the mushrooms came straight from a can. I will say they weren't the best-tasting mushrooms (and this is coming from someone who loves mushrooms).

Generally though, these sandwiches hit the spot. They were served up fast and hot. They were messy to eat, but that's how it goes with cheesesteaks. Each sandwich was large and filling, but we demolished them. I could see two people splitting one sandwich and leaving full. There was a generous amount of meat in both sandwiches and the overall quality, from the rolls to the meat, was good. They were very appetizing and satisfying with all the ideal textures -- tender, moist steak, creamy, melted cheese, and soft yet firm bread.

Admittedly, the cheesesteaks we had here weren't significantly better than the cheesesteaks from some of my favorite places back home (Atlanta has yummy cheesesteaks too), but we still really liked them. If you want to get a cheesesteak from Philly because that's the food the city is known for, I do recommend Jim's South St.

Service was good. The line moved fast and the staff was fine. Some were more polite than others.

There's no seating downstairs, but there is seating upstairs in what I imagine is an often cramped and crowded dining room. I guesstimate the dining room can seat about 30-40 comfortably. We were lucky and snagged one of the storefront window tables, looking down upon MilkBoy and the intersection of South and 4th Streets. There was an employee upstairs who helped take our trays and throw away our trash when we were done.

Jim's South St has one small restroom available for customer use on the ground level.
Very good cheesesteak is all I can say, just look at all the other reviews! Also a short walk from the hotel at penn's landing.
Wow, the best cheesesteak I had till date. Had a wait of exactly 1 hour. Yes 60 minutes! However it was all worth it.

Didn't go to Geno's or Pat's as I heard many stories from friends having mixed experiences esp those becoming more touristy. 

Definitely have the peppers topping as it adds such lovely flavor. The mushrooms did nothing to the taste or texture except them charging extra. 

Remember to go to the grill section to order and do not forget to ask for onions. Lot of people forget mentioning that and end up not having it on their sandwich. I had it with whiz which adds more juice to the already juicy delicious meat. 

Go upstairs and if you grab a window seat you'll have a nice view of the city life beneath you while munching away on that tasty wich. 

Will NEED to be back and maybe back soon.
I always ask people, who I encounter, who are actually from Philadelphia, "where do the locals go for cheesesteaks?" This place was suggested, and I decided to pay them a visit to bring some cheesesteaks back home, to NYC. It was 97 degrees, the line wrapped around the block, but I decided to tough it out.

After the 30 minute, or so wait, it was my go. The guy was very friendly and made all the sandwiches with  different ingredients in under two minutes. Unlike most other places, they don't sell french fries-- just cheesesteaks and hoagies. 

The prices were standard to every other place I've been to in my life-- unfortunately, they don't accept card, just cash. Which for some reason, appears to be the standard here.

The meat was well seasoned and I was impressed. I believe this is my second favorite place I've ever been to, behind D'Alessandro's.

I would definitely return here but maybe when there isn't a heat wave going on.
I don't even want to give out a star for this place. Employees are so rude and horrible. They just ruined my day by saying something very mean to me and my friend. I've never felt this much disgusted at any other places. Regardless of the quality or tast of the cheesesteak here, I will never ever come back! The employees should learn how to treat their customers. One more thing: one of the workers asked my friend whether she was a girl or a boy. What the hell? + and they laughed at us when we said we were from a country in Asia. Racists! I can't believe that people here are so uneducated in terms of treating customers right. GO TO HELL
Some people are born with a built-in homing device which auto-directs them to the sleaziest part of a big city.
Some people in this case would be me.

Jim's, in spanish, Diego, is one reason I like this place. 
Another is their cheese steak. It's remarkable. 
That's not why I gave it one star...read on.

As usual, my uncanny ability to gravitate toward bad neighborhoods didn't disappoint when my wife and I were robbed on our way back to the rental car...parked half a galaxy away.

Our robber, was impolite, practically bordering on rude at times pointing a gun at us and all, but he did get down to business quickly and it was all over with in a moment, so for that piece of it, one star.

I'm also giving myself a couple of stars for my not pissing my pants. My wife, not so much, deducting a star.

And those guys inside Jim's? 
The ones who appear to have played for the Eagles front line? 
All worthless, except when it comes to making cheesesteaks. Maybe they don't care for bullets, who knows.

If you come here, do so in the daylight before the cockroaches come out to play.
Oh, and dress appropriately...something in the Kevlar fashion line should do quite nicely. 

Tip: Don't bother kissing up to the guy who puts the meat on your sandwich, he's got all the countenance of a Palace guard. 
And, he's ugly.
Loveys, I did as you instructed.  Almost.  As I got ready to head south to the opposing cheesesteak establishments I elected to seek the advice from a native.  She turned my head.  And gave me a different instruction.

Thanks to her it was Jim's to which I adventured, to South street which was like Duval or a tamer Bourbon, replete with shops and establishments for the libation, street art, music and characters.

The line for Jim's was maybe 40 people long and didn't stretch too far around the block.  That the glass window allowed watching of the preparations was both entertaining and maddening.  I was sooo hungry.  I hadn't et since the Potbelly's in Midway.

Potbelly ....

(make a Homer Simpson sound)

White roll, steak of some variety chopped finely and tender, slather one spatula of mayo, three slices of provolone (I didn't go cheese whiz, couldn't), grilled onions, peppers, horseyradish and voila - a Lipitor commercial.

If I'm going to die from the sandwich this is the sandwich I'd like for to kill me.
**Hands down STILL the BEST cheesesteak ever!!!**

*Must Try: Mushroom Steak with Whiz!
*they do not skimp out on any ingredients and one cheesesteak is definitely shareable between two people! Everything was fresh and hot and the whiz was melted cheese heaven!
*the wait was over an hour long and it wraps around the block, then it continues to wrap around once you get inside the store, but the wait is definitely worth it!
*there is seating available upstairs on the second floor, a bit tight and crowded but I didn't have to wait and people usually either order to go or leave right after they're done eating
*having tried Pat's, Geno's, and other cheesesteaks from all over Philly, Jim's is still the best!
yea i dont really like it here, and i cant see why theres usually huge lines. while its cool how they have an upstairs seating section with windows overlooking south street, the food generally isnt that great.
there's way better local places to go.
11.11.16 I really don't like to rate places 2 stars, but this place kind of not that great at all. So we get there and the line doesn't actually seem too long even though we were right outside the door. The place is cash only and it was great that you can see the guy cooking the meat. 

I think we waited about 30 minutes, you order your food at the chef/cook. With 30 minutes waiting time there is plenty of time to decide what to get so don't wait to look at the menu until then please.  We watched him cooked the new meat and still have the old meat, and then put the new meat with the meat that has been cooking. Oh no, he chops up the meat with his cooking utensil and it looks like mince beef at this point. what? I was crossing my fingers and hoping he doesn't do that to my sandwich. Ugh but he does and the meat was super dry just by looking at it. He had heaps and heaps of meat. The pile was so big he doesn't know how long the beef has been cooking on the grill or which one has been cooking longer so that one should go on the sandwiches first, you know like a system? 

No system to cooking meat here unfortunately. So we only order one luckily even though I was hungry. We ordered with provolone cheese and onions. I was hoping he would put the cheese on the meat while it's cooking but nope he puts the cheese on the cold bun, he gets meat from the top of the meat pile and separate, for a second it's on the grill and then on the cheese. They then top the onions.  The system looks fast but it's not. Once we get that then we pay. Something was holding up the cashier, they were trying to be efficient and no one was smiling. The chef looked annoyed that we even ordered. 

Okay so no thrills or frills, I'm okay with that. Glad there was plenty of seat when we walked upstairs. Glad they have signs that you have to get your food first before seating. So first thing I did was take a picture. I mean everyone is telling me how amazing this place is and so forth and so on. So I took a bite. The bread was awfully cold, I wish he toast it or something and it was hard. The beef was dried like sandpaper, and although it looked like juicy meat when I saw it raw unfortunately it was just overcooked and butchered. I think I took about two bites and I was done eating. That was my dinner. I'm so glad we were going to just get food at the basketball stadium. 

Overall It was not good. I couldn't eat the bread or the beef and the cheese did not melt at all. It was just not a good sandwich.
1 whiz wit + hot peppers on the side, + 2 cans of Dr. Browns = $12 and change. 

I'd say this is my fave philly cheesesteak to date because their meat is chopped and nicely seasoned, and their grilled onions are rough chopped instead of small, diced pieces.  Not enough whiz though.  I gotta ask for extra next time!!     But I know it's just the fact that I'm a cheese addict and when I'm eating a philly CHEESEsteak, the more cheese sauce the better! 

Fast, efficient and organized service.  Can't go wrong with a can of Dr. Browns black cherry or cream soda - and they have both in original and diet.  They also have beer and tables upstairs.

(5/3/15)
Who ever knew a cheesesteak could taste so good?! OH LAWD, YUM! I'm from California and have only tried wannabe Philly cheesesteaks, so I've never really been a fan until now. SO happy my friends dragged me out here.

You HAVE to get it with cheese whiz, it's sooooooooo goooood! They load it up with so much meat too and its HUGE. I couldn't finish the whole thing, but it was really worth it. The line goes by quick and workers are nice. I'm drooling as I type this review.

P.S. I craved cheesesteak so bad after my first time here that I went to Sonny's cheesesteak a day later, but it definitely didn't compare. Jim's had more meat, more cheese, and more toppings. Overall looked and tasted better.

Now I know why Philly is famous for cheesesteaks. I will definitely be BACK!
This is my favorite steak sandwich in the city. Sometimes its hard to find a seat during lunch. Also you know its good when the line is around the block. Hoagies are good also..
You always hear the big name places that are hyped up for the best cheesesteak. We asked the associate at the hotel when we checked in since he lives there what is really the best cheesesteak around. He said Jim's and it wasn't one that I've heard of tons so we thought we should go to a good one that everyone else in the city wouldn't be running to. 

It's right on South Street so it's still in a popular location. There was a line but not too bad. Wiz wit plus onions and peppers made for an awesome cheesesteak. In other parts of the country you'll see a "Philly" on the menu but it just doesn't compare to the real thing. Half of the places don't even offer cheese whiz on them. I've still had good "Philly's" but the real thing can't be beat. Just don't make the mistake of calling it a Philly cheesesteak in Philly... just a cheesesteak there unless you want to give them a good laugh or get an eye roll lol. 

There was plenty of seating too. The staff was quick with the orders. Overall I would definitely recommend giving this place a try.
I actually came here with Mike G. (please see his review below, I'm too lazy to reiterate lol). But yeah basically a disappointment. I think it was too hyped up for me because of the long wait line and also the fact that my hostel host recommended this joint. 

We both got the "Whiz With" meaning classic cheesesteak with onions. The portion was huge but the steak was a little dry. Unimpressed. Definitely not the mouth-gasm I was expecting and not worth the 9 bucks I paid for. 

There's seating upstairs including bar seats without the seats, so yay! More standing after waiting in line for what must've been 30-40 minutes. Condiments, napkins, utensils are all self-serve. 

Cash only!
Dang!! Tha Yelp Daddy listened to yall Philly kids and came here 1st for my very 1st Philly Cheesesteak experience in Philly (so, my expectations was mad high) and BOY!!! was I SOOOOOO disappointed. First, how to order the cheesesteak was confusing. Second, the staff was NOT friendly at ALL, the bathroom was not working and although the bread to the Philly was tasty, there was not a good bread to meat ratio (there was a lot more bread than meat). The Steak, itself, was super blan and needed a lot more love and seasoning!!
Man!!! Tha Yelp Daddy couldn't even finish this joint!!!
Well, then I was off to the next recommended spot...hopefully, the next Philly Cheesesteak joint is better. Yo! Jim, yall need to step up your Philly cheesesteak game, son!!
The cheesesteak here was absolutely underwhelming. The sandwich was poorly prepared with bland tasting dry meat sitting on top of unmelted provolone cheese and big chunks of onions throw on top. No flavor at all, nothing here was impressive. They put absolutely no love in making this Philly Cheesesteak. I do not recommend this place. I had a much better tasting cheesesteak at Tony Luke's.
Definitely a little disappointed since it was our first time trying a philly cheesesteak from Philly. :( It wasn't flavorful at all..and we even added extra cheese....and some other goodies...it was definitely oily tho..lol

We took an uber here so I don't know how the parking situation is...it is cash only! 

There's a huge seating area upstairs.
Jim's is really not my favorite place to get cheesesteaks, but as far as the location, it's the best within walking distance of center city.

My friend, who had never been to Philly, said she wanted a cheesesteak so we walked down to Jims.  They are a bit soup nazi-ish when ordering so I told her just not to talk :P  The whiz is better than getting provolone here...  Still... 3 stars for the cheesesteaks and an extra for the location.
A lot of people say - which is better...Pat's or Geno's?

I say NEITHER!  Go to Jim's!

The thing I love about cheesesteaks are the CUT of the meat and the amount of cheese (and of course grilled onions).  And which place has the best of all this? JIM'S!!

A true version of a Philly steak to me does not include "The Wiz" but PROVOLONE!  I always go with xtra too!

There is always a line at this location but the wait, WORTH IT!  Go upstairs to chill and throw back your amazingness.  I always get rootbeer too, just makes the steak taste better...maybe a salty sweet combo?  My grandmother used to live 5 min from here so my dad and I would always walk down cause he knows my fav spot to grab a steak, I miss being home because of the simplicity of grabbin' lunch with the fam is so out of reach =( 

The rolls here are always SO FRESH!  The onions are so tasty too!  OMG I am CRAVING a cheesesteak now!  Thanks David B. for messaging me while in PHILLY and grabbin' a Jim's Steak...so JEALOUS!  Give Philly love for me and ENJOY!!!!
Seriously! I'm blown away. 

Recently my family and I have been on a journey to the best cheesesteak in Philly. While most places are tourist attractions, other places are highly recommended. Jim's South St was next on our list. We took the drive from Brooklyn to Philly for this masterpiece and I DO NOT REGRET IT! 

The line can be ridiculously long but it's worth the wait. The sandwich is stuffed with seasoned meat on a soft hero. I mean these flavor were hitting all the right taste buds at one time. 4/5 family members put Jim's South St as now our #1. The flavors, the amount of meat, the bread, it's all just so good. It lacks absolutely NOTHING! 

The lines move swiftly in a socially distant manner, we waited for 25 minutes and left super happy. There's no indoor dining here. It's CASH ONLY! So stop by an ATM before heading down to Jim's. I highly recommend them.
We were in Philly for the day for the Mets / Phillies game,  so we saw some sights and hit a few Cheesesteak places.  Jims was the first on the list.  I'm talking,  when we left Northern NJ, Jim's was the address in the GPS. 

We hit lucky and found a spot right around the corner.  I'm feeling good.  Cash only and no indoor seating.  Ok. I kind of expected that.  Precautions due to Covid were not unreasonable.  They had a pretty good grasp on the situation. 

As all Philly Cheesesteak joints,  you need to be on your game when it comes to ordering.  Know what you want and practice ordering.  No seriously.  That's just how it is.  They're all busy and trying to keep things moving.  

I ordered a Cheesesteak "wiz wit" and one "wiz witout".  There was for of us and we each had a half.  

Once we got back to our car,  we dug in.  I have to be honest,  it just wasn't there.  Maybe it was the build up of the hype.  It was just very bland and it was chopped up to miniscule pieces. Onions saved this sandwich slightly.   I'm glad I can say that I've been here but it's not a place I would hit up again.  Cool for the experience but subpar for the palate.
Wha happa?!

No seriously, this place sucks now.  The steak was flavorless and the whole thing was thrown together like slop and not with the fast finesse that most good places do it.

So disappointed.

To top it off, they charged me for more than what we got!
We ordered mushrooms, they didn't even add the mushrooms, and it wasn't even that busy.  Yet they are still in rush rush rush mode.  

Sloppy in every way.

Over it!
First time here. Boy oh Boy oh Boy.... this place rocks. Certainly the feel of Philly. The wife and I got a cheese steak. I had the mushroom steak and she had a regular. My steak had the cheese whiz OH MY GOD!!! That made the sandwich. I highly recommend stopping by next time you are in Philly. Tell em Drew sent ya! 
By the way it's CASH ONLY $$$$$$$
Be Easy!
Drew
We've been coming to Philly for years and have almost always eaten at either Pat's or Geno's...including this past weekend when we stopped at Geno's.  So WHY am I finally writing a review for Jim's?  Because I feel like I need to clarify that while I like Pat's more than Geno's...I like Jim's, hands down, MUCH more than either of them.

We stopped at Jim's this past summer on a hot day...and after a Phillies game let out-what the hell were we thinking?!?  We drove past Pat's and Geno's  knowing we would be going to Jim's and the lines everywhere were simply ridiculous-but we had made up our minds and got in line and waited...and waited...and waited.  I was really praying it would be worth the wait.

It was.

We ordered our 'regular' cheesesteaks - two Whiz with mushrooms and onions and two American without (I don't like to talk about some of my kids' food choices).  Anyway, having watched through the window as we waited in line I was already pretty sure my taste buds were going to very much enjoy their meal...and I was right.  One of the things I liked about Jim's was how they chopped up their steaks while cooking them-instead of just throwing the small, measured steaks on the grill, flipping them then throwing them on a bun like Pat's and Geno's, Jim's cooks are just constantly moving piles of meat on the grill, chopping it up, and grabbing enough meat to fill your roll.  

Another IMPORTANT reason for my happiness with Jim'?  They serve beer...yes, on a HOT day and after standing in line for almost 45 minutes I was able to order ice cold beers to have with our cheesesteaks.  Life was good.  

In the battle of cheesesteaks, Jim's comes in first place-easily.  The upstairs seating area was KEY on the day we stopped here...air conditioned while it was about 412 degrees outside-it was a welcome reprieve from the heat.  Yes, it's still a very touristy place, yes the prices are a little high, No they don't have cheese fries, but they DO have better cheesesteaks than Pat's or Geno's.  I have a feeling that when we're in Philly in a couple weeks we may hit Jim's again...hopefully the line will be shorter...especially since the Phillies didn't make the playoffs...
When you think of Philly Cheesesteaks, what comes to your mind? To most people, it would probably be Pat's or Geno's. To me, it is Tony Luke's, and now, chalk up Jim's.

This establishment makes a cheesesteak as perfect as you can get. It is made in front of you, the service is great, it is no tourist trap, and the people genuinely love what they do here.

At first bite, there is nothing exciting about it, but by the time you are done, you do not feel disgusting, or shortchanged. It is as perfect as it looks. A dance so carefully rehearsed that one extra piece of meat or cheese would threaten to blow the whole sandwich apart. The price of the sandwich is great too.

I still like Tony Luke's, but this one clearly made me appreciate a good cheesesteak here.

Sorry Pat's. Sorry Geno's.
I think Jim's is one of those places that gets way over-hyped.  That being said, their steaks ARE much better than some of the other famous cheesesteaks in Philly.   

I am a purist and do NOT think Cheeze Whiz belongs on a cheesteak, but if you like that, that's your right.  Thankfully Jim's offers regular ole American too.  I think Jim's Steaks are a little on the small side too as far a cheesesteaks go.  My favorite cheesesteak places all are selling them for the same price as Jim's and they are double the size without sacrificing quality.

I also don't think Jim's is a clean as it could be.  And they're sooooooo busy you feel like cattle both during your purchase and while you're eating.  Hurry up and get out already.  Customer service is NOT the name of the game at Jim's- volume is.  But as I said, Jim's does make a very good cheesesteak.  If you're from out of town and are wondering which cheesesteak icon to try, this is the one.  It's in a great shopping district with lots of good people watching.
Nope... I was told that this was a great spot to eat a authentic and amazing Philly cheesesteak sandwich. What a let down, my mom has made better ones and she has never been to Philly. Seriously, not sure what they see in this place, not only is it super packed, it looks filthy, the guys behind the counter are not friendly at all, in fact treat you like cattle on the line. When you pay extra for something and they give you the same as the sand which before... That also is a nope on my books. The sand which is mostly bread, and barely any steak. 

I basically paid for bread with steak and cheese wiz out of a can. The staff was rude to each other behind the counter. No personality. The place looks pretty dirty. The steak cook was talking over the meat while he was cooking it. To reach the upstairs floor where you can try to find a table to eat you have to pass through the closets and stock area. It was just not something to write home about. I truly was let down by this place but even more surprised to see the amount of people that came in.

Nothing memorable about the sand which. It was under $9 and maybe that is why the buzz. 

Giving it 2 stars cause what you see is what you get. And I guess the fact that this place is always full may mean something. So props for whatever that is because I did not see or taste it.

Obviously, if you bring a date here, or your were brought here on a date, you need to re-evaluate who you are dating. This is not a restaurant, just a place that puts out sandwiches.
A day trip calls for a Philly Cheese Steak quest! First stop: Jim's Steaks. 

When you first walk in, there is a line to order your food and there is available seating upstairs and outside. Take note: they only accept cash and make sure you bring a lot of cash with you. It would explain why they have an ATM. 

My sister and I ordered one Pepper Steak (whiz) with provolone cheese, raw onions, and half of the Cheese Steak had grilled peppers ($9.75). We also ordered 2 soda bottles ($2.60 each), totaling the price to be ~ $17. Wow, was this the best place to ever get our first bite of a Philly Cheese Steak. Their steak is finely chopped, so all of the flavors were mixed into the meat. Their choice of bun was soft and warm and their toppings were perfect. Everything in this Philly Cheese Steak was simply perfect. It was a good option to go here for the first time. 

Good luck when you try to find seating upstairs. I have noticed that you can't save any seats unless if you have your food. But it seems like when a group makes their way upstairs to find a seat, a group would leave. So it seems that no one would have trouble finding a seat. 

Make sure you visit right before lunch rush too. Were we lucky enough to go just before noon because when we left, there was a long line that stretched outside.

Jim's Steaks, you have done nothing but serve delicious Philly Cheese Steaks. It was a pleasure and I would love to visit you again when we make our way back up to Philly.
We only had 24 hours in Philly, so of course, grabbing a real Philly cheesesteak was on the agenda. We planned on doing a taste-off between Geno's and Pat's, but within two hours, we were told by two locals to come to Jim's. Even the Uber driver bringing us here said he was a bit more particular towards Jim's. 

We were told it's still "made with love" here, that they chop their steaks for more flavor rather than just giving you a slab of meat, that their portions are more generous. Since this was the only cheesesteak we had out here, we can't speak on whether the statements are true. We can only say that we did enjoy our meal, a regular cheesesteak with provolone and onions. It wasn't fabulous. Meat was juicy. Bread was fine. I think it lacked some seasoning. It was a bit bland to me. I don't know, maybe all of the out-of-state cheesesteaks I grew up eating ruined my taste for the real deal...maybe.
Never going back here again!!! Ever! I was waiting in line for about 15 minutes when I finally get to the front of the line some bum behind the counter tells me I was in the middle of a large group and had to get to the back of the line. GTFO. That was ridiculous and extremely unprofessional. Never again!!!
1 hour and 20 minutes later of standing and waiting in line, and I can finally place my order. Remember to bring cash here or you'll have to use their atm. I decided on the egg and cheese. Upon ordering, I was brusquely told "that's gonna take 20 minutes. You wanna wait 20 minutes!?" I didn't know preparing an egg took 20 minutes. Okay geez I guess I'll go with a cheese steak, but don't put something on your menu if you're gonna give someone a hard time when it's ordered.

I went with a cheese steak with provolone and mushrooms. My other half ordered a cheese steak with whiz and peppers. From ordering, to paying, to receiving our food was quick and prompt (unless you order something other than a cheese steak). We headed up to the seating area upstairs away from the chaos of the queue. I was so ready to chow down, and once I had my first bite, I didn't want the rest. That's saying something especially since we were starving and waited in line for about an hour and a half. The mushrooms in my cheese steak were decent, but everything else was just so underwhelming. It's a "cheese" steak, yet the provolone in my sandwich was practically nonexistent. The steak was dry and flavorless. The bread was dry and bland. I tried my partner's also, and yikes. His cheese steak was flavorless and soggy, like drippy soggy. There are few things worse and more appetite-destroying than a soggy sandwich. Don't believe the hype.
There are 285 reviews already, so I'm going to keep it short.  When asking the locals for their best cheese steak, the most said Jim's.  

So we waited in the line for 40 minutes, and waited 10 minutes after ordering and receiving the food to wait for a table, but I assumed it would be all worth it.  

It was not.  Now I know many Jim's lovers would kill me, but I found the steak to be bland and the amount to be lacking.  The bread was good, and the onions were so undercooked, they might as well have been raw.  

Look elsewhere first for cheese steaks, then go to Jim's and see how much better the other ones were.
Jim's was my first food stop after landing in Philadelphia. From the airport, we pretty much headed straight to Jim's Steaks after dropping our stuff off at the hotel.

Best decision ever.

I've had cheesesteaks in Philly before, most notably Geno's and Tony Luke's, however I always left a little underwhelmed. Maybe it was a combination of bad luck (restaurant having an off day) or maybe I wasn't as hungry on those other days. 

The cheesesteak I had at Jim's was the best i've ever had in Philly. 

Unlike some other places, the beef tenderloin was extremely juicy and flavorful. The portions were plentiful and bread was soft and spongy enough to sop-up all the delicious steak juices. 

I opted for American cheese AND whiz, which turned out to be a good call. I think the saltiness of the whiz pairs well with tenderloin. Additionally, the whiz liquifies and combines with the beef juices, which soaks into the bread and makes for a delicious eating experience. 

My vegetarian friend got the "meatless" and actually enjoyed it. It appears to be a tomato sauce-based sandwich, loaded with peppers, mushrooms and onions. So don't shun your vegetarian friends and invite them to Jim's. 

My favorite cheesesteak in Philly thus far!
I finally had an authentic Philly cheese steak! visited some friends in Philly for the first time and I HAD to have a Philly cheese steak so they took me here. 

Here's what I had: Philly cheese steak with grilled onions and extra cheese whiz... OMG such fatty goodness! The cheese whiz paired so well with the rest of the sandwich. I could have kept eating and eating. Maybe it's a good thing I don't live in Philly. I'd gain so much weight because I'd be eating these things every day. 

Awesome place that relies on it's good food not fancy tables, decor or gourmet food. Just plain good tasting finger licking goodness. 

minus 1 star for the toothless worker who hit on me and creeped me out. He was smelling me and wanted to know my name and what perfume I was wearing because he "ain't ever forgettin that smell ever". Yeah... thanks but no thanks. It was probably the cheese steak with extra whiz smell on me that got him. LOL! ;P
Holy moly! This is the best philly cheese steak I've tasted in my life!!! It was recommended by this local philly couple on the airplane. I wished I got their names so that I could credit them. 

I've got their philly cheese steak with provolone. You can choose the cheese: American, provolone, or whiz (yellow liquid cheese). I personally don't care for too much cheese so provolone was perfect for me. For $10, you get this huge sandwich. You can go right up stairs and enjoy your fresh made sandwich. The buns are so soft. The beef is soft and lean, onions are crunchy but onionless if that make sense. You don't feel greasy nor smell like onion breath. If you're not too hungry you can share one. And they make it right in front of you. 

This place does get busy. The staff here are helpful and awesome and fun to chit chat with. This place is the real deal.
I am not a big cheese-steak lover - in fact - I don't like them - but for Jim's I make an exception.  You can forgo Pat's and Geno's (and the rude "'Wiz 'Witout, fast-paced steak-nazi ordering techniques) and get me to Jim's after a night of partying.

Love the chicken cheese steak wityh provolone and 'shrooms.

Once or twice a year is MORE than I can handle.
Not the worst I've had (that honor goes to Fairmount Pizza, nice job guys), but when you have to put ketchup on a steak to make it palatable, you know you aren't coming back.
I'm no expert, but I do know what I like and I like what I got at Jim's. Sunday night, so I expected it to be busy but it wasn't that crowded. As such, the system they have worked well and it even allowed for enough time that the guy working the grill could flirt with the gals in line in front of me. I was ready with my order, but there was none of that pretentiousness that you had to use the right words or they'd toss you out.

Still, my order was "one provolone with" and it was cut, cheesed and topped right then and there. Drinks in the cooler included canned and bottled beverages including beers.

Large seating upstairs wasn't exactly comfy but it was serviceable. I got a seat at the window with a view of the street and the wifi from Starbucks.

It was an excellent cheesesteak and deserves its place on the top of the "Best Cheesesteak in Philly" list.
So far this is my favorite cheesesteak place. I was lucky enough to come in when it was not very crowded as it is known to have the line snake across many times and sometimes out the door.

You can clearly see them cooking and serving up the steaks through a glass window that is occasionally steamed up along the sizzle of the cooking of the steaks. They are all friendly here, and they even have a rotating video of an explanation of how you order the steaks in Philly.

I like to get mine like the locals -- "whiz wit." There's two different ways they serve it with wiz in the city, one slathered over the meat and onions, and another with the wiz spread over the bread with the meat/onions on top, and Jim's is the latter. Which I like more.

They don't take cards here so be prepared with cash, and it's a bit of an assembly line ordering process. Order a steak with the cook and watch them pass it down to finally the ordering guy and grab that can of Birch Beer while you're at it to fully enjoy the local experience.

Jim's steak is chopped -- and also marinated with juicy flavor. The Amoroso bread is so fresh and soft, it feels like heaven when you bite into the sandwich. You have to walk up stairs to the seating area room, which also gives you a great second floor view of what's happening on South Street.

While everyone always bickers about what cheesesteak they like better, you should definitely give Jim's a try on your cheesesteak-tour if you decide to embark on it, you won't be disappointed.
Jim's on South street has great steaks--good bread, decent enough meat (it's a cheesesteak), greasy onions, and the only proper condiment for a steak, WIZ. It's a fun place to stop by, if you're in the area.

Although post-drunken revelry is usually a great time for a steak, it unfortunately weighs the person down in the morning and causes strong feelings of remorse, especially if combined on top of heavy drinking. This usually leads to several hours of self-inflicted agony on some twisted, grinding metal machines in a smelly, sweaty hole.

...thus, I prefer the conscious decision of a 1 PM steak washed down with a good macro brew (this is not an oxymoron). Bud is probably the second best complement to a steak, only bested by wiz. Somehow, Yuengling, just doesn't cut it when it comes to steaks. After this power combo, I usually have a food coma from around 2-3 PM and a quick nap.

You may ask, how is this better than a nighttime steak? This way, at least you consciously know that all your day time activities and metabolism are actively working to reverse the deleterious effects of the steak.
Visited Philly for a quick 2-night trip & was told by many locals that I should try Jim's. I went in on a weekday lunch with no lunch & got faced with a whole bunch of attitude as soon as I walked in. One of the cooks apparently didn't hear what the cashier was saying during my order so she proceeded to stare at him - while he's just cooking - and waste my time in doing so. But let's go to the real dead: the cheese steak.

FOOD:
- Cheese steak +2.5/5
I got this famous sandwich with mushrooms & bell peppers and as soon as I lifted half of it to take a bite, a bunch of oil dripped all over the parchment paper. While it smelled appetizing, I just couldn't justify eating something that was literally drenched in oil. I ate a couple more bites & tossed the rest.

While I do recommend to visitors to get a cheese steak while visiting, you'll be in better luck if you try a different joint. Better luck next time. :/
Don't listen to people who tell you to go to Pat's or Geno's. Jim's is the spot. Pat's is top 5 but they are so close - just go get Jim's, you won't be sorry. Even if it's 3 am and you are drunk. (Don't risk getting arrested in that alley trying to pee on your walk - Jim's has a bathroom when you get there)

As a Philly native, lemme tell you, you order anywhere else you'll be getting a MISteak. 

This place is cash only. 

You walk up to stand in a soup-nazi-esque line but don't worry, if you order wrong people will help you rather than shout "No steak for you!" We might laugh first though. 


Order what kind of steak you want, say what kind of cheese then wit or wit-out fried onions. 

Be prepared for the best thing you've ever had on a roll. Slightly greasy. Cheesey. Soft roll. Fresh meat cooked in front of you. Yes. 

I moved from the city but every time I go back I make the right choice and get a Jim's steak. Getchu some.
My Lyft driver, who is a Philly native put me up to Jim's. I'm sad to say that I'm bummed by his recommendation. I'll even go as far as saying that I thought it was worse than Geno's, and I didn't even like Geno's that much! I'll take partial blame though, because I don't think I ordered it right. I asked for provolone this time around, which did nothing for the overall flavor. I probably should've gotten cheese whiz or a sharper cheese. There were other things about the sandwich that were huge misses for me though. The bread got way too soggy and mushy, and the peppers tasted really bitter to me. 

On the flipside, I had a positive experience with ordering and staff interaction. There was an employee who greeted us and described to us what the ordering process was. The cooks were efficient in turning around our order very fast. We were in and out of the place no more than 5 min!
#1 the workers were rude as hell.
#2 i ask for ketchup to go and the guy gives me two dirty packets for 3 chessesteaks and says, "that's all we got" and turns away.
#3 they were shady on the cheese.
#4 the steak was bland.

I understand you're busy, I understand you're a landmark...but that doesn't mean people should thank their lucky stars to get a sandwich here.  

TIP TO MANAGEMENT: Check out IN-N-OUT locations...you'll learn a thing or two on customer service.
Spare me this whole non-sense about Pat's. vs Geno's. It's all garbage. At least that's what multiple friends in the Philadelphia area told me. They instead recommended that I check out this place and off I went, taking a quick Uber ride down there.

Jim's Steaks doesn't really look like much from the outside. No crazy, flash neon signs or anything but instead you'll find yourself walking in and standing in line briefly. The black tile on the outside gives way to vintage photos on the walls and a line that snakes all the way up to the flattop where the guys will ask you what you want to order.

Being an outsider, and having practiced my order multiple times in order to get it right, I went with "cheese wizz witt" which means with cheese wiz and onions. I got a soda to wash it all down and within a minute or two the sandwich was handed to me and I was on my way upstairs to grab one of the seats available.

Verdict: this is really tasty stuff. An absolute classic and well worth the caloric intake. 

This place is quick, simple and there's no frills and is a true blue collar spot. You get what you pay for and that's it. No extras here folks but oh so authentic and worth it.
Waited in line for 30 minutes to get an authentic Philly cheesesteak, and it was definitely worth the wait at Jim's. The place is a classic grab and go type of restaurant with seating upstairs if you plan on eating it there. The staff were all very friendly, given that they were working so quickly and to serve so many people. The place is CASH ONLY so make sure you bring some, although they do have an ATM inside in case you forgot to pull some out ahead of time. They cook the steak on the grill right in front of the line so you can see them making your sandwich right in front of you. 

As for the actual sandwich itself - it's HUGE. If you decide to finish the whole thing prepare yourself for an intense food coma afterwards. I got the cheese steak with lettuce onions and wiz cheese per the recommendation of the staff, but I think if I were to go again I'd get the provolone. Personal preference of course. But don't get me wrong...it was amazing. Everything I could have wanted for my first real cheesesteak during my first time in Philly!
Always worth the wait for the steaks. The line moves fairly quickly even when it's wrapped around the outside and down the block. 

Always order the steak with Wiz and definitely know what you want before you get to the front. They don't like to wait! Lol!

Grab your food and head upstairs to eat or take it to go. Make sure to drink a Yuengling with your food. 

My fav cheesesteak in Philly.
I'm not a cheesesteak expert, but I was very dissatisfied with my experience at Jim's. Not only was the food mediocre, but the service was terrible. We came here late, near closing. 5 of us went inside to get in line to order, while 2 of my friends stayed right outside the door to talk for a bit. They notice that the workers are starting to lock the door, so they immediately attempt to get in. The worker stops them and says that they can't come in. The door wasn't even locked yet, but the worker still barred them from entering. Wtf? its not like they were knocking on a closed door.

Besides the horrible customer service, the food wasn't that great. The meat was unseasoned and lacked texture. There was barely any cheese and what little cheese there was had no flavor and no creaminess. We got peppers and mushrooms as well, both of which were soggy and had a rubbery taste to it.
 
Whatever food and terrible service. I definitely will not come back to Jim's in the future.
Delicious spot right on south street. I think I'm going to make it a goal of mine to try every cheese steak in Philadelphia. I'm not sure what was ordered but it was good. Would I say it's the best? Personally no, but it's high up there on the list. 

Came here during covid times and ordering was socially distanced, which is great. However, they should go cashless! Dealing with less money means dealing with less bacteria!
My sister is a relatively recent transplant to Philly and Jim's Steaks was recommended to her for a good, authentic cheese steak place that locals frequent. Our knowledge of cheese steaks is nonexistent but when we saw the line outside that wrapped around the corner and halfway down the block, we knew we were in for something special.

The smell of meat on the grill keeps you in line as you gravitate toward the front door, the intoxicating scent makes this usually impatient carnie very forgiving of the wait. The line moves steadily - in less than 30 minutes, we were at the counter, putting in our orders for cheese whiz and steak only to the cook. I learned today that the authentic way to have it is with cheese whiz. When in Rome...

In mere minutes, our cheese steaks were ready. This place is as efficient as it is quick. There is seating upstairs and a separate exit door to funnel out the post-cheesesteak-gasm fatties.

I tore into the cheese steak like nobody's business. The meat was good and I was re-introduced to the awesomeness that is cheese whiz. What really made the sandwich for me was the super soft bread. It's so soft that I forgot there was even bread, it could well have been a second meat.

No complaints from me, it was a thoroughly enjoyable experience. My love for Jim's Steaks ultimately comes down to two things:

(1) The sight of multiple industrial-sized cans of Cheese whiz by the grill
(2) On the menu, under extras, the first item is "Meat". Best idea ever. I wish all restaurants offered meat as a side/extra to your meat. And extra meat here was only $2.30!
Don't come late on a weekend night (especially after the drinking crowd!). It took at least 40 minutes to get through the line, and the restaurant was absolutely packed and chaotic. The cheesesteak with cheese whiz is the way to go - it needed a little more salt/seasoning but was still a tasty meaty meal.

Good cheesesteak but the wait really wasn't worth it. Come during off hours to avoid the lines.
2.5 Stars

**THIS REVIEW IS SPECIFICALLY IN REFERENCE TO MY PHILLY CHEESESTEAK TASTING ADVENTURE -Please refer to my review of Cosmi's Deli for background & stipulations of the quest**

With second to lowest overall taste ratings and one of the lowest meat quality scores, Jim's definitely disappoints. Tasters describe the meat as "dry" and "lacking flavor." There is also disgruntlement due to a lack of cheese, an overly soft roll, and the sandwich's slight size. 
Jim's popularity and reputation is indisputable but, when compared to others, he just doesn't cut it. With one of the lowest overall taste ratings and the longest wait time, I must convey to others: GO TO ISH'S NEXT DOOR INSTEAD.

(Full result details can be found at: http://22ndandphilly.blogspot.com/2011/06/reader-contribution-operation-whiz-wit.html)
Okay. Everyone has their preferred cheesesteak place in the city. So take this with a grain of salt. I think the meat is lacking a bit in the flavor here, and the bread may be a bit subpar here too. Also I don't like how they don't have fries. I eat my cheesesteaks with fries. Not a bad cheesesteak, but not my favorite.

Otherwise though, if you're looking for something greasy after a night of alcohol fueled fun, I'm sure this would hit the spot.
If you live in Philly, it's more than likely you've been asked that age-old question. "Where's the best Philly cheese steak?" Brushing aside any distaste one might have for immediately associating Philly with cheese steaks, if you don't answer Pat's or Geno's, you're off to a great start. And while there are plenty of mom and pop shops offering great cheese steaks, if you settle on either Jim's, John's Roast Pork, or Ishkabibble's, you're a winner in my book! 

Jim and Millie starting serving their sandwiches out of their West Philly row home in the 1930's. From there, the business was sold to Bill Proetto in the 70's and settled at the current South Street institution. The cheese steaks are so popular that business has now expanded to Northeast Philly and Springfield, PA as well. 

Lines regularly go out the door, but even so, the wait is usually less than 10 minutes. Efficiency they have down pat. 

Cheesesteak [$8.60], 'wit, whiz, and mushrooms [$0.75]

For a proper cheese steak, you start with great bread. Amoroso's is a standout - the bread is crusty, pliant, and a great vessel for the nicely seasoned and chopped steak. The GF got hers 'wit onions (you can get them grilled, raw, or both), creamy Whiz, and plenty of roasted mushrooms. Made for a juicy and messy bite. 

Cheesesteak [$8.60], 'wit, whiz, and American cheese [$1]

I love going cheesy so I had them make mine with both creamy American and a healthy dollop of Cheese Whiz. It may look messy, but the roll does a great job of containing this beast of a feast. 

You'll leave the shop smelling like grilled onions and steak for days, but you'll have a belly full of a cheese steak that does Philly proud.
Jersey Mike's has better Philly's than this place. Btw, I am talking about Jersey Mike's in Seattle. Do not go all the way to Philadelphia looking for the best Philly in the states. You won't find it here. The locals recommended that we go to Iskabibels down the street. Did we listen? Of course not! We went to Jim's because it was recommended in the hotel book. That should have been a reg flag. Don't trust a tourism book over the locals. The meat tasted like cardboard. I believe the used cheese whiz. Lastly, the grilled peppers had no flavor.

This place is a BIG no for me!
I've been living in Philly for med school for almost 3 years which has given me plenty of time to find *MY* favorite Philly cheesesteak. (Note: please don't come at me! I know this is a controversial topic.) 

In my humble opinion (again, Philadelphians, please don't hurt me) I believe Jim's has the best Philly cheesesteaks. I've been all over Philly to the famous places and the not so famous places and I've had bread that was so soggy I had to use a fork, bread so tough I almost lost a tooth, meat so stringy I felt like I had to floss after each bite, and some sandwiches that made me wonder what kind of cheese they actually used. Most places go wrong with the bread. Jim's has it down to a science. I don't know what they do, but it works.

Usually I see a pretty long line on weekends, but I've come here on weekdays and very late at night so I've never had a problem.

Oh, but bring cash. It's cash only. One time my friend didn't have cash and I didn't have enough cash to cover 2 sandwiches and we had to split one. That was a bummer.
I'm not from Philly but I have had many a cheese steak in my life and the one I got from Jim's was one of the worst I've ever had.  I went with the classic cheese steak with mushrooms and peppers and did the wiz.  Man! This thing was soggy with grease.  Really gross.  There was a pool of grease on the paper.  The quality of the steak wasn't good either.  

And since the employees are known for being rude I'm sure they can take it as much as they dish it so here it goes:  the food here blows.  If it's going to be unhealthy it should at least taste good.

No disrespect to Philly.  I had a great time visiting and had some great food elsewhere.  Jim's just threw me for a loop.
If you're a tourist and looking for that authentic Philly cheesesteak you've heard SO much about, look no further, Jim's is where it's at! I lived in Philly for 10 years and there's no closer place for you to get a great cheesesteak but Jim's! Ishkabibbles isn't bad but you could likely get a steak like theirs from where ever you're from. Don't waste your time with the touristy spots near the stadium b/c you'll still end up hungry after waiting so long and wondering why in the world your food was soo dry!! Jim's also has a dope eating area upstairs where you can spread out just a bit w your meal. The eating area has been renovated and improved over the years, I've been coming here since a kid and never ever did I ever see someone in the area helping guests along, throwing away trash and wiping down tables. Guess they came up in the world?! Nothing wrong w that, I happened to love the new service offered upstairs, but don't forget to leave a tip and make sure you take a steak to go as well, you'll wish you had!!
I went here for my first actual Philly Cheese Steak and I have to say, Subway's version (which is what I grew up eating) tastes better.  The meat here doesn't taste like it is seasoned at all (not even a little salt, guys?), and the onions are just wilted on the grill, not caramelized or seasoned.  Yes, the bread is soft and the place smells delicious, but I was thoroughly unimpressed.
I ordered the Plain Steak with onions.  My husband ordered the Cheese Steak with cheese whiz, no onions.  Friend #1 ordered the Cheese Steak with provolone and onions.  Friend #2 ordered the Cheese Steak with cheese whiz and onions.  All options tasted kind of bleh to me.
Note: they are CASH ONLY.  They do have Doc Brown sodas and they do serve beer, which is nice.  Not sure I'd come back though.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon and the line was already out the door. It probably takes around 20-30 minutes at least during lunch time to get your food and sit down to eat. I ordered the cheesesteak with whiz and onions which was around $10 after tax. I think whiz is generally the best option as it keeps the meat moist. I remember getting provolone previously and the sandwich itself was very dry.
Review 400!

The night I was here, I already had two cheesesteaks (Sonny's & Ishkabibbles) and if you've had two, you might as well go for three (Jim's)!

So after Ish's, I walk around, stop at a spot for some beer and then realize it's almost 2 meaning Jim's will close up.  I get here and wait in line; immediately I notice the smell and the sounds of sizzle and spatulas tapping the grill.  I order and pay ($$$ only).  Once I get my cheesesteak provolone wit (I got this ordering down pat), my uber pulls up.  As much as I wanted to eat in the car, I wait the long 6-7 minutes until I get to my airbnb, dash in, get to the table, unwrap and eat.

It's still hot but enough to where I can chew without overheating my mouth.  The cheese is right in the middle of the sandwich giving good consistency with the meat and cheese.  Not much taste with the onions but it lets the meat and cheese shine through.  Also loved the bread as it was still firm with some grease dripping which is how it's supposed to be in Philly.  Pretty damn good.

I sound picky but I still don't think it's the best.  I liked it better than Ishkabibbles although don't think it's better than Sonny's.  Alas the search for THE best Philly cheesesteak continues!
Well, I suppose it's not nice for a vegetarian to review this but to be fair they did have a "meatless" option.

Let me clarify - I only came here because some visitors really wanted to have Philly Cheesesteak and we were shopping around the area.  I tried to tell them that it's not what it's built up to be, but to no avail.

Well anyway, the meatless was um, well, unremarkable.  Not disgusting, eatable, but not anything to say much more about.

The guests did have the regular meat filled cheese steak though.  Even the tourists said that while it was good-ish, it wasn't anything special.

There wasn't a line when we went (12PM on a Saturday, and being 20 degrees out) but I think this place lost one star because the 'cooks' seemed, to me, unkempt...
Every time I'm in Philly I need to make a stop at Jim's. It's fast, delicious and fun. A landmark for sure.

Cheesesteak with Wiz. Nothin else to it. 

CASH ONLY so be prepared. This place can get extremely busy.
Jim's was the first true "Philly" steak I had a little over 10 years ago, I go back every once in awhile to bring back some of those fond memories but nothing is ever as good as the first time. 

The meat is still as juicy as ever, and the whole ordering experience displays the hardworking staff slaving over a hot stove all day churning out steak after steak. The meat is cooked fresh for every steak and is never frozen, hence all the juiciness.  The biggest drawback is the blandness of the toppings, the mushrooms just sit in water in a pot that rest on top of the stove. The constant lines restrict the chefs from allowing the toppings to cook with the rib-eye for a long enough time letting all the juices mix together; instead, a soft, tasty roll and delicious rib-eye steak is taken down a notch with flavorless toppings. 

This use to be my favorite steak in the city but after years of trying all different variations of the Philly Cheesesteak, I now have a few places I would frequent more than here.  Jim's is still one of the better ones but with the 20min.+ lines and bland toppings, there are now some hidden gems I would choose regularly.
Finally made it to Philly. Top priority was a Philly Cheesesteak. 

Jim's was one of the places I have on my list.

It's basically everything I expected. Accept there wasn't a long line - prop because I went at night- on a Sunday. Idk.

The dudes making the sandwiches were chill. Don't be too slow on your order tho... that chillness can change lol (they were cool to me. I saw someone else take too long)

Ok. The food. 

I got the Philly Cheese with Wiz 

Never had wiz on a Philly (or any other sandwich) so that was exciting. I wasn't disappointed. 

I was afraid the mountain of meat would be dry but it wasn't. 

The sandwich was beautifully greasy and had a nice weight to it. 

The only thing (I assume it's the NYer in me) is I wanted mayo, lettuce and tomatoes. It felt like something was missing. 

To be clear: I didn't ask for those things so I'm not even sure if they have mayo and such. I wanted to try it the way I've heard a Philly should be eaten 

All in all. Very good. I'll go back. But I have about 3 other places I need to try on my next trip.
Sorry not sorry! I took a day trip to philly and couldn't leave without getting a taste of the most popular sandwich. I asked multiple people to guide me to the Best cheesesteak in Philly and all agreed on Jim's. I'm still trying to figure out the hype. Maybe I came on the wrong day.... below are my issues: 

*luke warm meat 
* unseasoned meat
* cheeseless cheesesteaks ( I even asked where is the cheese?) 
* subpar unions 
* dry sandwich 

I feel like I paid 15 bucks for a soda and utz chips! The staff was super friendly and the roll is soft. I'm not sure if I ordered wrong but this wasn't it. 

I've had amazing cheesesteaks before in Philly but wanted to try out something new.
I so badly wanted to love this place but I left Jim's very disappointed. Sonny's was our original cheesesteak destination but they were closed. Some fellow guests at our hotel recommended Jim's so off we went in search of yummy cheesesteaks. 

The line at Jim's was off the chain! It was out the door and around the corner. I thought this was a great sign, along witb delicious smells that was permeating South Street from the restaurant. We waited about 45 minutes but eager patrons on the line boasted it was worth the salivating wait. Our clothes reeked of onions and beef from waiting in the congested line but we thought we would reap the sacrifice.

When I finally got my hands on cheesesteak with whiz, provolone and fried onions I just knew I would have an immediate foodgasm at first bite. Bite after bite this became a dismal, bleak reality. The meat had no seasoning whatsoever!!  Not a dash of salt, pepper or Lawry's. Maybe the missing seasoning was absorbed into our clothes. Jim's puts the wiz cheese on the bread versus the meat which left the bread quite soggy. I did have some creaminess due to the added cheese. Without the provolone the sandwich would have been drier than the Sahara Desert. Overall this was a definite let down. The sandwich wasn't nasty but it definitely wasn't Phillies finest. There are way too many other great options to waste time and good clothes in the line at Jim's.
In Philly for the weekend 
Delicious cheesesteaks 
All cash 
No seating 
Life's up to it's hype
I was so excited to make a stop in Philly before heading home after the AC trip...for none other than a CHEESESTEAK! It was my first time and I definitely will have to go explore the city ..but  with limited time, my friend's bf recommended Jim's Steaks. 

The place was packed! After we got inside the line was already extended outside all the way to the corner. It was also around lunch hour so that added to the wait. The wall was decorated with "Thank you's" and "You're the best Jim" frames which made me even more excited. Billy Joel, Denzel Washington (my man) have all been here!? The date did say 1983... I wasn't even born yet. 

Okay now to the cheesesteaks. I ordered a cheesesteak, provolone, peppers, and onions. I was contemplating getting 2.  I made my way up the steps and found a little table in the back. My expectations were so high that after a few bites I realized there was nothing different from the cheesesteak I had in Jersey. It was good but nothing to make a trip to Philly for. I was happy I didn't order a 2nd. A few people told me that there are other places in Philly that have the best cheesesteaks and less of a wait.  Tell me where this place is and I'll make the trip.
I've been to Philly several times for work, but I've never managed to get a Philly cheese steak. I decided I was going to change that on my last trip. 

I did a little research and Jim's seemed like the place to go. We came around 2pm on a Saturday and there was a line down the block. We waited about 45 minutes in line. They're cash only and have an ATM inside. 

Service is incredibly efficient. They have everything ready to go so you get your food right after ordering. They have seating upstairs, but we took ours to go. 

We got a cheese steak with wiz and onions. I'm definitely no cheese steak expert, but this was delicious. There was plenty of cheese and the onions added good flavor. 

If you're in Philly, I definitely think Jim's is worth the wait.
Now, when in Philly one can't just have one Philly Cheesesteak. We'd heard a lot of good things about various places in the area. Some good, others not so good however Jim's Steaks kept coming up positive. 

Jim's looks pretty small when you first go in but there is some seating upstairs. The line was almost out the door when we arrived on a Sunday just after lunchtime but moved quick enough. You can see the cooks preparing the cheesesteaks through a glass panel at the counter. 

I went for the classic with whiz (cheese). You're given the option of two other cheese's as well so you can customize your cheesesteak to your taste. I went for onions in mine this time as it seemed like the thing to do - it was a nice addition to be fair.

The first bite left me with very mixed feelings. I know that what I'm about to say might come across the wrong way but... it's tasted pretty much exactly the same as a McDonald's cheeseburger... which is fine because I like McDonalds cheeseburger however I don't like paying $10 and queuing for 20 minutes for something that tastes like a $1 burger from a fast food chain.

So Jim's wouldn't be my first choice for cheesesteak in Philly but with that being said it's not a bad sandwich by any means... each to their own right!
While in Philadelphia we decided to hit up some of the more popular cheese steak restaurants so we could get a bit of the local culture and have some original Philly cheese steaks at the same time.  

The location for Jim's is a nice location in that it's in a popular commercial area on South Street which is a really nice place to just walk.  One of the issues in the area is parking in that if you can't find a spot on the street, some lots charge as much as 20+ dollars.  I eventually did find a spot on the street a block away from South and I didn't have to pay for parking I was lucky.

Now this place had a line up around the building.  I had to keep track of how long it actually took us to get to the front of the line and it was about 45 to 50 minutes.

The long line and the short wait for the food seemed like forever but when we eventually got our food we ended up going upstairs because it was full on the first floor.

I was disappointed with the sandwich in that it felt like it was really light on the filling.  I have a photo of it here with this review.  The onions and meat were good.  I didn't think I received that much whiz but overall the sandwich left me wanting because it just didn't seem like it was filled properly.  I had ordered a standard whiz wit.

With the line and the lighter than expected sandwich I had to only give 2 stars for this.  Basically the line to me didn't justify what I received.
A little bit dry. Remember its a cash only place. They have an atm in the restaurant. This was my first time bin Philly and wanted to try a cheese steak. It is difficult to find parking outside because the street is busy but when i was there i found the line inside to be moving quickly, so if you Uber it would be a quick stop for to go and if you have a company in car you can just get down and keep the car going for a while.
Cheesesteak. Whiz. Onions. These are the three words you shout loud and clear when it is your turn to order. Pay attention, because you will be the 20th person in the zig-zag line and the guy is already yelling for your order. So yell back over the heads of the people in front of you. Cheesesteak. Whiz. Onions.

The norm is for the line to be out the door, both day and night, crammed with both locals and tourists. The production is down to a science and the line moves at a steady pace. The hole-in-the-wall vibe is a perfect setting for South St, and there is seating available upstairs but I prefer to eat on the go and wander around. (It's a bit messy, but thats how cheesesteaks come.) I love being able to watch the cooking happen either through the outside window or the grease and meat splattered glass inside. The aroma of cooked meat whaffing through the air outdoors and around the corner is a vegetarians worst nightmare.

Jim's chops their steaks (the other method being sliced steaks) which I think is better because there is more surface area to absorb flavors. Check out my other cheesesteak reviews!
We spent the day in Philly and had marked down a bunch of places to get cheesesteaks while we were in town. Cheesesteaks are our favorite sandwich, but we're from Syracuse so before this day we had never tried the real deal.

We broke ourselves in with Pat's and Geno's earlier, and now we were looking for the good stuff. We got here around 2 PM, and there was a line going around the block. I shouldn't have waited, but I committed too long and the sunk cost fallacy kicked in. Wait time was about an hour. I rounded the corner onto South St and finally inched my way up to the door I'd used as a goal line to justify the wait. Surprise! All the people I saw waiting when I first arrived are inside, still waiting! Once you've gotten in the door, you'll have about 35 people between you and the grill.

We parked about 5 blocks away from the restaurant, passing 3 other cheesesteak places on the way to this one. We had planned on going to Dalessandro's after this, but the reviews there mentioned a similar line and I was absolutely done waiting. We settled for Ishkabibble's II and went home. 

Of the five cheesesteaks we had during our visit, Jim's was absolutely the best. The meat was chopped, and very tender and flavorful. The onions were cut large, and the bread was firm and delicious. If it weren't for the wait, I'd come back any time.
