There's an abundance of Thai food in Philadelphia, especially in West Philly where I live, so I came to JJ Thai with somewhat low expectations. I came in just before 6 PM on a Saturday night and almost every table was already full - except one table for 2 (yes!) I was greeted upon walking in and was asked if I had made a reservation - which neither I nor my friend had (oops, n00b move especially on a Saturday night). I kept eyeing the table for 2 while waiting for my friend and luckily the lady saved the table for us because when he walked in 10 minutes after me (they didn't know we were together) they told him it was a 30 minute wait! So whew. 

Food:
Trio Appetizer ($15) - a little overpriced imo but it was probably because of the filet mignon. My friend had both while I had both of the shrimp and crab rolls while we both split the duck salad (which was my favorite of the three). A little on the salty side but the crispy wonton bowl it came in and the veggies balanced it out really well. Shrimp and crab roll was pretty bland but they gave a really fragrant mint chutney that my friend l o v e d. He ate it plain and definitely scraped that plate clean haha.
Chicken Pad See Ew ($13) - first thing I noticed was that the portion size was large! I eat Pattaya's chicken pad see ew all the time so when compared to that, this chicken pad see ew was comparable. I wouldn't say it's anything special per se, but they didn't mess it up which was good! 
Chicken Pad Thai ($13) - I tried a little of the chicken pad Thai and it seemed pretty average to me. Again, good portion size and standard pad Thai.

Both my friend and I had heard good things about this restaurant and agreed that we should try our standard go-to Thai dishes before trying other stuff on their menu. I'll definitely be back, as I'm quite interested in their fusion dishes like lamb chops and others... stay tuned for an update!
One thing I love about Philly is that you don't have to spend a fortune to have an incredible meal, and I'm happy this place can be added to my list of restaurants to visit regularly. Many entrees are ~$10-15, while fancier entrees are in the $20's. However, note that the fancier entrees are well-executed and on par with $30 entrees at typical "fancy" restaurants. 

The highlight of my meal was the grilled salmon, which came fresh off the grill with sauteed spinach, chopped scallop, shallot marsala cooking wine and garlic sauce. The portioning was perfect. It was a pinch saltier than I'd prefer, but I hadn't had such beautifully grilled salmon in a while (nice and flaky, with a crispy skin). The flavors and textures were unique, well-balanced, and delicious. I also enjoyed the "money pouch" appetizer - a bit steep at $10 for 3 pieces, but these are the best version of fried dumplings I've had in Philly. 

Dessert-wise, I really enjoyed the warm glutinous rice with slices of mango. Everything was freshly made. I believe it's BYOB, and the decor is great for a low-key dinner that can impress your date, but that doesn't seem like you're trying too hard. Unlike a lot of other Asian restaurants out there, the service here was friendly and attentive. Definitely coming back next-time I crave some really good Thai food!
Move over, Circles.

I have loved everything I've eaten thus far at JJ Thai. After two visits and and upcoming third, this under-the-radar spot in the hustle and bustle of Rittenhouse takes the cake for best Thai in Philly right now.

Pad thai is perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the pad see ew is nice and dark, just how I like it. Curry is flavorful and not too thin. The mussels are great to start, and dessert is simply too good to skip. Whether you get the mango and sticky rice, fried ice cream (it's served in flames!) or the affogatto, you will surely be pleased. 

You can always get a res (for now!) and they won't kick you out if you're lingering over your wine (it's BYOB). Prices are beyond reasonable and the decor is nice enough that it feels almost like an occasion spot. You should go.
Updating another 5 star review. 

We went in starving for a late lunch and ordered: 
Crispy spring rolls - arrived quick, tasty and filling with a great dipping sauce (ask for the spicy sauce and chili powder)
Drunken noodles - an ever favorite. SO much flavor, it was hard for me to stop eating continuously for the first 5 minutes
Grilled salmon in green curry (weekend special) - this blew us away. Amazing depth and flavor, with a unique combination Brussels sprouts, asparagus, peas, chopped shrimp and tender, buttery salmon grilled to perfection. I hope they have this again, I'd rate it as the top dish here, and I love all their items 
Matcha creme brûlée - I normally tend to not think much of Thai desserts, but JJ managed to exceed expectations there as well. The matcha was not overwhelming but added an interesting element to a perfect creme brûlée

5 stars, again. Cannot wait to dine here and try more of their specials (and regular items as well) 

Best Thai in Philly for me, period. 

I'm a regular red curry customer here, never disappointed me. I first had it when I was looking for apartments in this city back in Feb. Has been consistent so far. 

This evening, I went in with the intention to pick up but asked them to serve me there instead. Sat with a book and enjoyed the Tom Kha Gai (good flavor) and Pad Thai with shrimp (exceptional). The Pad Thai sauce was slightly sweet but it was really well made and bursting with flavor. 

I see no reason why JJ Thai won't continue to be my favorite Thai joint for years to xome
I never can get enough of Thai food, or Drunken Noodle specifically. Before I moved to Charlotte, few of my friends and I came here for one of my last dinners. 
I love how simple the restaurant was and how super delicious food. I had the trio sampler (crispy duck salad, beef sate, and shrimp & crab roll) and of course drunken noodles of course. 
- Super friendly courteous and attentive service.
- Awesome food.
- Very reasonable prices. 
-Can accommodate large group. 

 Four and Half Yelps
A certain philly yelper is leaving us, heading south in less than a month.  Before she heads out, she hopes to maximize her time with the diverse food selection philly has to offer.  As such, Thai was on the menu for this evening.

JJ Thai was easily able to accommodate our party of 5. I started with a special app, the trio sampler, which included steak sate, mini crispy duck salad, and a crab and shrimp roll.  For $15, the portions were fair (2 sata, one roll split in half, and a cup size salad).  More importantly, they tasted awesome.  Others at the table got apps as well, but we really didn't share so I can't comment further.

We did, however, share mains enough to judge others. I had the red curry, two had the drunken noodle, one had pad see ew, and one had praram (crispy pork). The red curry was decent, but not a home run.  The noodle dishes certainly took center stage.  I was surprised at the flavor profile differences between the drunk noodle and pad see ew, given they are identical noodle types.  The dishes do indeed make a difference!  The praram was tasty as well.  I'm not saying I wouldn't recommend the curry, just that I'd probably recommend the noodles more.

Throw in great service and the fact that they are a BYO and bam, we have a winner!
Fusion food is a double edged sword as it is subject to interpretation and we've found few restaurants that seem to meld diverse flavors impeccably. JJ Thai sadly didn't make the cut in our books.

For starters, the menu seems to have an identity crisis of sorts. There are traditional dishes from both worlds so one wonders whether to get Steak Au Poivre or Som Tum, Pan seared scallops or Pad Thai. As for the dishes that did have fusion elements in them, the combination of ingredients didn't seem too appealing to us (the addition of Brussels sprouts to Massaman Curry, a soy tamarind sauce for the Sea Bass, Basil demi-glace for a few examples - very coerced flavors in our opinion but we could be very wrong).

We ended up ordering Thai fare: Vegetable Spring Roll, Tom Kha Gai and Green Curry. All three were decent and if anything we felt that the green curry paste seemed freshly prepared. The flavors were definitely better than some of the Thai places in Philly but we've had better renditions of these dishes in other cities at traditional Thai restaurants (without dinging our wallets). Three stars overall for what we ate factoring in what we paid.

P.S. French fries? Mashed potato? Sautéed spinach? For a restaurant that claims to push the envelope by building a dining experience that evokes excitement, you have not piqued our interest by featuring those mundane side orders on the menu.
It's one of the nice Thai restaurant in town. This is my second visit here. I am quite please with their dishes on both visits. I had the Basil fried rice, Pad Thai, Chicken Satay and Soft shell crabs with basil sauce.  The soft shell crab with basil sauce is highly recommended. I love the full fragrant of basil, slightly spicy, sauce with sliced shiitake mushrooms on perfectly deep fried soft shell crabs. It came with a bowl of delicious curry rice. 

I'm pleased with the friendly service and a clean and nice atmosphere of this restaurant as well. I will definitely come here again on my next visit to Philadelphia.
JJ's does not disappoint.  This is my 3rd time and the atmosphere, staff and food are consistent each and every time.  It's a fantastic place to take a date or that special someone!  You can't go wrong!
Best Thai in Philly for me, period. 

I'm a regular red curry customer here, never disappointed me. I first had it when I was looking for apartments in this city back in Feb. Has been consistent so far. 

This evening, I went in with the intention to pick up but asked them to serve me there instead. Sat with a book and enjoyed the Tom Kha Gai (good flavor) and Pad Thai with shrimp (exceptional). The Pad Thai sauce was slightly sweet but it was really well made and bursting with flavor. 

I see no reason why JJ Thai won't continue to be my favorite Thai joint for years to come.
JJ Thai Cuisine is a very quaint, dark and cozy Thai restaurant.  The atmosphere is very warming. The staff is friendly and the food is true Thai.  There are not a lot of tables, so book early.  Parking is on the street and on the weekends the parking can be challenging. The prices are reasonable and it's BYOB.  I would highly recommend them! I've been to JJ's now 2 times.  Both times my experience has been consistent.  Extremely friendly staff, excellent Thai food with a French influence.  The restaurant's atmosphere is friendly and casual.  Make sure you bring that special someone!  They won't be disappointed!
I haven't been to JJ Thai in awhile, and in my memory, it had been the best Thai restaurant in Philly. A week ago, we decided to get some takeout from JJ Thai for the first time in a year.

I had the drunken noodles with beef, and my husband had the green curry with chicken. The drunken noodles wasn't as flavorful as before. The flavors were there, but they were weak, and the spiciness overpowered the whole dish. 

My husband's green curry was good, but the side of rice that came with it was tiny. 

Overall, it was a satisfactory meal, but maybe it's time to seek out a better Thai restaurant.
Review is for weekday lunch takeout, I am ordering Chicken Pad Thai everywhere on my quest to find the best takeout Thai place, and JJ Thai is the first place on my list. Flavor wise, the food is comparable to the other Thai places in the area, but it is the priciest at $11 for a Chicken Pad Thai that comes with a soup or salad. (Get the tomato soup, it's excellent.) I'm ordering for takeout so interior decor doesn't matter to me, but it is notably contemporary. In other words, the decor is modern and plain which is unlike most Thai places that are adorned with traditional decor and Asian motifs. Staff and service are friendly!
Well, it's NOT Kalaya...

but it's a very clean place, rather intimate in size. The staff are exceptionally patient and pleasant and go out of their way to make your dining experience a good one. The decor is rather stereotypical but inoffensive and really-who goes to a Thai place for the interior decoration?

For the most part, the lunch food is typical Americanized Thai lunch specials-as in not very spicy and along the lines of ho hum pad thai, pad see ew, red or green or Massaman curry. You get ample food and you won't leave hungry. I shall add that for a place geared to the tastes of non-Asians, their pad see ew is quite good and they use Asian broccoli in it. 

For either lunch or dinner appetizer, the curry puff is delicious. Puff pastry, minced chicken, onion, potato and curry powder. Can't say it's particularly Asian but it's damned good and expertly prepared. 

Dinner is pricier and more upscale with things like escargot, grilled salmon, rack of lamb, steak au poivre, chilean sea bass and pan seared scallops making appearances. These dishes don't have much of a Thai touch, though, so don't assume you'll be getting fusion food.  

If there are chef specials on the menu, by all means go for any one of them. I have been delightfully surprised by some of the offerings and never disappointed. In spite of the low spice factor when you just order off the menu, if you tell your server you'd like your meal spicy, they listen and you'll get more of an authentic Thai taste.

Bathrooms are spotless, by the way. Some people don't especially care but to me, it's a reflection of management's respect for the diners.

Should I be jonesing for Thai food, this is never my first choice but if you are looking for fresh, carefully cooked food in a soothing environment and crave good old, dependable, geared for the timid American palate (sweet) pad thai and ultra sweet Thai iced tea, you could do far worse than J.J. Thai. It's solid.
Definitely one of the best Thai food places I've gone to. I really enjoyed the atmosphere here as well, it was super homey and elegant at the same time.

The Thai tea is a must! It's super delicious and under 3 dollars (a bang for the buck).

We got the pad see ew and the green curry. I personally liked the pad see ew more because the flavor was so rich (you know the noodles are good when the smell of the wok is there). I also liked the green curry (not the best curry I've ever had), but it was a solid dish and the curry flavor itself was creamy and balanced. 

I'm definitely coming here again to try more dishes!
This is probably the tastiest/most refined Thai food I've ever eaten. My sister practically lives here and I completely understand why - their food is amazing. I ordered the crispy salmon and it was delicious. It was super crispy, tender inside, and a nice tangy sauce. It comes with a cup of soup, steamed rice, and sauteed spinach.

I'm so sad I'm just visiting otherwise I'd be here everyday. Their food is 10/10.
Cute little authentic Thai place.

The green curry was great.
I've had better papaya salad.
Overall, I recommend it.
I think I might have found my new go to Thai restaurant in Philly. I came here for dinner with my brother after being recommended this restaurant by a friend. I've had Thai food several times, but I've never had any that slapped this hard!

We came to dine in, to which we saw they had both outdoor and indoor seating. We didn't make a reservations (this was a Saturday night) so we ended up having to wait about 20 minutes. It ended up being well worth the wait. They were limiting seating indoors to about 4 tables and the ambience is very calm and the lights were dim. 

We ordered 2 appetizers--shrimp shumai and chicken satay, I ordered the Pad Gra Paw with chicken, and my brother ordered the Drunken Noodles with beef and shrimp. Our food came out a lot quicker than I expected it would, which was great because we were both starving. The chicken satay was perfect. I don't think I've ever had chicken that tender and succulent! The shrimp shumai was also pretty good. It wasn't crispy or too over cooked so that was a plus. 

My Pad Gra Paw was also amazing! It was savory and sweet and spicy, just how I wanted it. I also tried some of my brother's Drunken Noodles and was surprisingly impressed! I typically stay away from Thai noodles, but this tasted so good! It actually had me considering ordering it for myself the next time I come here. 

Overall, the food, service, and ambience were AMAZING --10/10. Plus it's BYOB! My only complaint is that they don't deliver to my address :( . But that might be for the best since I would probably be spending all my money here.
I usually do not give 5 stars, but after 2 meals, JJ Thai is very close to that number. Maybe 4.5 or 4.75 would be appropriate but I would like to tell diners that this restaurant is a step above most good Thai eateries. A 4 star rating would not be fair. It is Thai with French technique and some French influence on the dishes, including some non-Thai Dishes. The presentation and the blend of flavors are wonderful.
Decor: simple, very clean and pleasing to the eye. Bathrooms are SPOTLESS.
Service: pleasant, informative, eager to please. One of the servers, Tipi (I think that is how it is spelled), engaged in conversation, was happy to explain the dishes. She was very graceful and very helpful.
Food: Everything we had was delicious.
 I especially liked the money pouches (crispy pastries filled with pork and shrimp).They were not mushy as some pouches are. They had a very tasty filling that had a nice meaty texture. They came with a spicy plum sauce. I had 3 orders of this tasty app. so far.
The mussels were fresh small mussels in a spicy sauce with lemongrass, chili and basil, onions, green and red peppers.
The duck ravioli were outstanding, meaty and served in a veal demi-glace. Terrific. The sauce was absolutely tasty. I ate the last drops of the sauce with a spoon. 
The shrimp and taro dumplings were better than most dumplings. They were firm, meaty and delicious. Came with a simple soy dipping sauce.
The creme brulee was very French and flavorful. 
There was nothing that I would complain about, especially the food.  JJ, the chef and owner, knows how to cook and is willing to go outside the box.
Some vegetarians have complained that there are not enough veggie dishes on the small menu. If you tell the servers, they will guide you to all the dishes that can be vegetarian and even suggest dishes not on the menu(fried rice). If you want very spicy, tell the servers.
For people living around 20th and Chestnut, be it Rittenhouse or Fitler Squares, take a short walk and enjoy a lunch or dinner. It is byob, so bring a wine or two.
JJ Thai is an absolutely marvelous Thai food spot in the center of Philadelphia. This spot came highly recommended from my brother and his girlfriend, and I was certainly not disappointed.

The ambience was quite nice with candles and dim lighting (perfect for a quiet, more low-key date night), and the staff was so kind. As for the food, there were simply no misses out of the kitchen. The drinks were standard, but for appetizers, we got the Vegetable Spring Rolls and Steamed Mussels. The Steamed Mussels are not a normal dish of choice at a Thai restaurant, but they are must-try if you come here - nothing more to be said. All of the entrees took classic Thai dishes to the next level and had our party of five reaching over each others plates to try more and share our dishes. The classic noodle dishes don't need much explanation but the Pad Gra Paw and Gang Pet Pea Yang were absolutely heavenly for anymore looking for a dish with rice on the side.

If I am ever back in Philadelphia, I will definitey be stopping by JJ Thai again!
Boyfriend highly recommended this place, so of course we had to go. Bonus points for being a BYO, and the wine shop was just a few blocks away. I'm not usually impressed by Thai food, but this place was actually very good.

Duck ravioli 4/5. They're actually dumplings, which was a little disappointing because I was craving ravioli, but the filling was very tasty. A little light-handed on the truffle oil. Also you only get 3 so I don't think it was worth it.
Praram (crispy marinated pork loin) 5/5. At first I was a little skeptical of this dish because pork loin can easily be overcooked but this was delicious! Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside, and the spicy peanut sauce was perfectly sweet and tangy.
Drunken noodles 5/5. One of my go-to's at any Thai place. The sauce was a little too sweet but they were generous with protein and veggies.
Service 5/5. The staff was so nice and attentive. 

There was a flaming dessert (fried ice cream?!) that unfortunately ran out by the time we finished our meal, so we will have to return again!
I am a very big fan of Thai food! JJ Thai cuisine is one of my favorite Thai restaurant. Normally, if I really wanted to eat good Thai food I would have to go all the way to NYC (I live in NJ) but not anymore since I found JJ Thai cuisine. 

We started from Steamed clams, Steamed mussels, Money pouch and Duck ravioli as the appetizer for 5 of us to share. They all came out great but the Steamed mussels was the killer! Then I had Somtum as my salad. It was unbelievable tasty, spicy and authentic! This dish made me wanna go back there again. My entree was "Gang Pet PedYang" which is Duck red curry, the combination of crispy duck (crispy skin but tender meat) with the red curry sauce are delicious! Especially served with Jasmine rice was perfect meal for me. I got to pick some of my friends' dishes too, Beef Bourguignon, Pan seared scallop, Chilean Sea Bass and Grilled Salmon, they all tasted fantastic! No one complained about their dish! We had some left over to take home though as we ordered too much but sidnt regret at all lol

The atmosphere was nice and cozy. It might be a little difficult to find the street parking but there is a parking garage next to it. Not a big problem. The service was great and so friendly. I felt great to get to order in my own language! 

We definitely will be back!
You know how when sometimes something so simple is so good? That's how I feel about JJ Thai. Some folks felt like the offerings at JJ Thai, particularly the traditional Thai fare was too simple, but that was definitely not our experience. 

We got together on a Saturday evening to celebrate a friend's birthday because we're kind of BYO obsessed (my regular readers know this already), and we think we may have found the new "our place." Even as I'm writing this review, I'm hesitating, because I'd love to keep this secret just for us! There were a few folks already eating when we showed up for a 7pm reservation, but it started to fill up and was nearly full by the time we left. The decor is warm, clean, and inviting. 

We started off with a bunch of apps for the table: the money pouches, the duck ravioli, and the lettuce cups. The lettuce cups and money pouches were the definite favorites. Because I can NEVER say no to green papaya salad, I got one, planning to split it with one other person, but it was HUGE, so we shared it among the 6 of us.

Everyone's entrees were all superb: scallops, wild boar, green curry, crispy duck, and praram. The boar was in place on the online menu for the rabbit massaman, which we are eager to come back and try. Both the strictly Thai and French-inspired entrees were both excellent. 

Even though we had no room for dessert, we all partook, and both the crème brûlée and mango sticky rice (a personal favorite) were excellent. Get yourself to JJ's right away, but leave a table for me!
Perfect place for a more formal, romantic date. My friend ordered the green curry, while I chose the sauteed duck breast (medium-rare). The food was incredible - duck was cooked perfectly, and the potato au gratin that was paired with the main was tender and cheesy. Would love to come back so I can try their lunch specials!
I am so thankful that I live close to JJ Thai Cuisine, because I have a feeling I'll be returning on a regular basis and work my way through the menu.

JJ Thai is a really nice little restaurant, with a very welcoming interior. The staff is very friendly and attentive. 

Prices are a bit lower at lunch than at dinner, making it a great lunch deal overall. Today, I ordered a red curry with shrimp, which came with white rice and a salad (you can instead get soup). I also ordered a delicious Thai iced tea, and altogether the meal was $15. Pretty good, right?!

The red curry was really good. It was so flavorful, with a sweetness and spiciness that was the perfect thing for a cool fall day.
Easily the best Thai restaurant on Chestnut. There are quite a few of them around but none as refined as JJ's. The restaurant is relatively new so everything is super clean. The decorations are modern and welcoming.

Service there is top-notch. They remember me by name and when I came back with friends, the owner treated us to an extra entree and dessert for bringing in customers. You always catch a smile on the waitresses and food comes out fast.

As far as food goes, there are a few highlights that I think everyone should get. For lunch, the fried salmon is great! During dinner, a piece of salmon can easily cost you 20 dollars. For lunch however, you get 2 fillets of pan fried salmon. The skin is extra crispy and the fish juicy. On top of that you also get a soup or salad. Another good lunch menu is the grilled hen with coconut sticky rice and papaya salad. This is all one entree, on top of your soup or salad. How can you lose? Everything else is great too, it's worth noting that this place make the best green curry in the city. The curry is just perfect, not too sweet or salty and it has the perfect spice. The texture is also spot on. It has a thicker consistency than most places, which I love because I don't want curry to run like soup. For dinner, you should get the duck ravioli in Demi-glacé sauce. I cannot stress enough on how much I love, love this. The duck is so tender and well seasoned. The ravioli is soft and coated with that flavorful and good fatty sauce. It is a bit pricey but honestly, I would work an extra day to get 10 orders of this. 

There are so many more good dishes but it would take an essay to cover them all. Come in and try it for yourself. Do make sure you take an Uber or get a ride because street parking around here is impossible and the lot is criminally expensive.
Thai food has to have strong, pronounced flavors and this place does it right! My husband and I dined here today and we were both very happy with our meal. Service was excellent and attentive. The restaurant is really clean and they bring hand sanitizer to your table so you know they take cleanliness seriously!

My husband and I shared the tom yum soup (a single order is definitely shareable) and the nam tok (beef salad). Both were great with strong but balanced flavors of spicy, sour, sweet and salty. The beef was tender with a touch of smokiness. My husband had the chicken and shrimp pad Thai and it was one of the best I've had in Philly so far! This place does not skimp on the shrimp, which were so plumped and cooked perfectly. I had the beef drunken noodles and it had an amazingly strong kaffir lime leaf aroma. Although, some of the beef in this dish was a bit overcooked I still really enjoyed the overall flavor and the flat noodles were cooked perfectly so it made up for the beef. The prices here are so reasonable despite being in a great location. Give this place a try if you're craving good Thai food!
Don't be fooled, this is a brand new restaurant than what was here before. Service was excellent. The menu is thai mixed with bistro type entrees. The Tom ka gai was outstanding, always a good sign. I also had the peanut pork dish which was amazing. Definitely a stand out from run of the mill Thai in the neighborhood. 

I will be back for sure.
Thai fusion here is alright. The food is as expected, they do a great job of dressing up the mood, the service, and the dishes.
My coworker brought me to this quaint little joint for some awesome and fast pad thai. It was a good consistency, slightly acidic, and just the right amount of sauce (I don't like saucy pad Thai). Plus it came with a soup or salad- opted for the mushroom soup which was creamy and had a little spice kick to it. Will definitely be revisiting !
Arguably one of the best Thai places in Philly you've never heard of, JJ Thai Cuisine provides a satisfying Thai meal that you'll want to revisit.

There's a good amount of Thai places in Philly, but so far I've been most impressed by JJ Thai Cuisine. The restaurant occupies a good sized space in Rittenhouse Square by the Mutter Museum and Village Whiskey. On a Sunday afternoon, my girlfriend and I had no problem finding a seat and service was top notch.

We ordered the Pad Thai ($12-14) and the Drunken Noodle ($13-15), the Thai classics. The Pad Thai featured flavorful sauteed rice noodle, bean curd, scallion, peanut, and bean sprouts was absolutely massive in serving size. The Drunken Noodles  featured sauteed broad noodles, basil, onion, bell pepper and chili powder. This was my favorite of the two dishes - those wide juicy noodles, fresh peppers, and just a little bit of spice. 

All in all, we waddled out of here satisfied and taking note of its location, as we plan on coming back in the near future. It's a shame this place doesn't get more buzz, as it's one of the best in Philly.
I need more stars! 

Mom and I out on the town popped into JJ Thai for a transformative meal. We started with a simple salad of exotic greens and a peanut dressing with that JJ Thai special touch of yum. Then I had the French onion soup (the most flavorable broth and yummy cheese) and mom ordered her favorite pad Thai with shrimp. We also planned to share a melange of vegetables and tofu. Mom kept saying this is the best Pad Thai ever meanwhile I gulped down the transformative vegetables and she barely had a bite. No worries she had tons of Pad Thai to keep her happy and I had no room for the rice - that transformative platter of vegetables and tofu revived me for tomorrow and the bad luck ahead - Friday the 13th (tomorrow).
Horrible and unforgettable customer service. 
We were group of 8 adults and 1 infant for a birthday celebration. Made a dinner reservation days ago but upon arrival, we understand we were late for 15mins, but why the staff needs to in a very impolite way to told us if we can't finish our dinner within an hour and half, they will not serve us. We immediately change restaurant. 
This is very unprofessional and the staff was rude.
We have been here twice and I would come here frequently if I lived closer. The staff is so friendly and attentive. They let you know if the sauces are spicy or not and make an amazing Thai Iced Tea. 

I've had the Drunken Noodles my wife has had the Grilled Chicken Som Tom a friend had the Duck Noodle Soup and another friend also had the Drunken Noodles. Every time we are there we leave stuffed the portions are perfect. Every meal we've had there has been delicious. 

If you are in the mood for Thai food and looking for a great place to stop I would HIGHLY recommend this restaurant.
After hearing that the manager of our favorite local French Thai restaurant in Somerville, NJ opened up his own restaurant in Philadelphia we jumped in the car for an hour and a half drive to JJ Thai. The atmosphere upon entering is warm and welcoming. 

We started with an appetizer of duck ravioli and steamed mussels.  The duck ravioli was perfection. The ravioli was tender and the sauce was amazing- I don't think we left a drop of sauce behind. The mussels were cooked perfectly and the broth delicious.

Our dinner was the Australian Rack of Lamb with a basil sauce. Again, the sauce was spot on. We also had the pork loin entree in a Thai peanut sauce. Another winner!

We shared a sticky rice dessert which again was superb. To top it off they have the best coffee and cappuccino!

When deciding where to go for lunch or dinner JJ Thai is a must- their fusion of French and Thai creates a menu for any palate. We will surely be back even with an hour and a half drive!! When I think of Philadelphia I think Liberty Bell, but now when I think of Philadelphia I think JJ Thai!!!!
Thai fusion with the standards as well as more innovative dishes like a duck ravioli and beef bourginon.  

We went with the traditional fare:
1. Pad See Yew: Ok but not very flavorful.  It's stir-fried noodles without much seasoning and very little egg.  I definitely prefer a more seasoned version.
2. Red Curry with Beef: Tiny portions and missing that creamy curry base.  The sauce was spicy but didn't have that body.  The beef was also slightly tough.
3. Stir-fried vegetables and tofu with garlic and duck fat: Okay but didn't stand out.

The service is good and the staff are friendly, but the traditional Thai food is just pretty meh.  Maybe the French dishes are better but the standard Thai fare is mediocre at best.
The service is very good. Restaurant is beautiful, and feels elegant. I thought overall, the food and portions were decent. Enjoyed the drunken noodles and mixed veggies we got. Prices were steep ($14-$30 for most entrees). Overall, it was a good experience considering how spot on the service was, but expensive for what you get.
JJ Thai is our favorite Thai restaurant in Philly. It is a little out of the way for us, but whenever we want good and authentic Thai food, this is the place we would go. Our favorites are the drunken noodles and pad thai.They are as tasty and authentic as you will get. It is a byob as well but we usually take our orders to go. Lunch specials here are a good deal too, definitely take advantage of it if you can!
My friend and I wanted to get Thai food for dinner so we decided to try JJ Thai. We ordered over phone for pick up and ordered chicken red curry and beef pad thai. Our order was ready to pick up in 15 minutes and we were given the option to pay via Venmo or card. Service was great! Everyone wore masks and we were able to maintain social distancing especially with paying via Venmo.

The red curry and pad thai together were portioned sized perfectly for two hungry people and both hit the spot on a cold day! The curry had a nice amount of spice and the pad thai was chewy and full of flavor. Next time I want to try the drunken noodles and green curry.
JJ is quaint, JJ is BYOB and JJ has delicious curry! 

Here for a beautiful rainy Saturday evening, I had a nice meal with 2 friends.  BYOB tip....2 mini markets are around the corner from the restaurant and they both have a broad selection of beer! 

My group started with the vegetable spring rolls and the shrimp shumai. I can only speak for the spring rolls ($8).  which were okay, just kind of bland.

I had the Red Curry and it was absolutely delicious! It was deep in flavor, and came with bamboo shoots, eggplant, and basil.  I added green beans, which were fresh and flavorful.  I believe the portion size to be appropriate for the price ($14).

My friends ordered the green curry with chicken and the sautéed mixed vegetables. All meals were enjoyed and we all agreed that JJ would be worth a return visit!
This lovely little restaurant that plays great music loud enough to hear but not enough to stifle conversation was a true gem.  I was the first to arrive close to 6:30 and was able to watch a diverse neighborhood crowd slowly fill the place. My server guided me to chilean sea bass.  She was so right and the perfectly cooked fish was nestled on a bed of greens. Beautifully presented! Gratefully eaten. I ended my meal with the light creme brulee, again with a fibe presentation.  I will come again and tell others.
My friends and I were looking for a dinner place near by that wasn't packed + had indoor dining since it was cold out. We finally decided on JJ Thai and we were do glad we did! 
My friends got a variety of items. Two of them got a side of fries and the fries already were seasoned and crispy yummm. I got a Thai ice tea which was really good and not too sweet like how other thai places make them. My vegan friend for stir fry mixed veggies with rice while I got the grilled seafood combination which came with mussels, shrimp, scallops, salmon, grilled veggies + sticky rice. 
Presentation was beautiful and everything tasted great! Yummm the sticky rice tasted like it had coconut milk in it which gave it a nice touch. Overall I enjoyed our meal, we felt safe dining in (they put hand sanitizers at your table and on the paper menus they outline what they do to protect you). Great service and great food! I would come back again to try other food items :)
This is my favorite Thai place in the city. I came here for lunch with some co-workers and it was so delicious that I begged my boyfriend to go on our next date night. This review is for the date night but seeing as how my experience was approximately the same, you could also consider it a lunch review.

We walked in without a reservation on a drizzly Thursday evening armed with a bottle of white wine and we were seated right away at a booth. It was decently busy - not empty, but not so packed that I couldn't hear myself think.

We ordered a couple appetizers - dumplings and a special egg roll. I forget what the roll was but both appetizers were served artistically with nice swirls of sauce on the plate and both tasted delicious. I ordered the shrimp Pad Thai for my meal and my boyfriend ordered some kind of chicken noodle dish that may have been the drunk Noodles but I can't actually recall. 

When our dinner arrived, we first took a ton of photos but then (after squeezing some fresh lemon on mine) we took a bite and we melted. I think we literally puddled on the floor. The Pad Thai was just as I remembered it from lunch (but a slightly larger portion) and my boyfriend was thoroughly enjoying his noodles. We tried a bit of each other's dinners and both agreed the Pad Thai was the winner but it wasn't a landslide because both were amazing. The Pad Thai just blended all of the flavors so well and that fresh hit of lemon juice brightened up the nuttiness and I thought that if I was on death row and given one last meal, this Pad Thai might be what I ask for. 

We got to a point maybe 75% of the way through our plates where we both agreed we were stuffed and should stop eating. But it was too good. We kept going. We cleaned our plates. We had no room for dessert so we finished our wine, paid our bill, and left to walk home.

I was so stuffed that my back hurt (this happens to me sometimes, not sure about anyone else) and so my walk home was spent hunched over telling myself that all I had to do was get through 15-20 minutes of this and then I could be at home and in bed. We did eventually make it home (boyfriend: "why are you walking funny?") and we immediately put pants on with elastic waistbands and just laid around moaning in our no-regrets discomfort in enjoying that meal down to the last bite.

Definitely recommend eating here, but I do advise on agreeing to some strategy with the server so they know to take your plate away when your eyes are starting to glaze over so that you don't eat yourself to death.
FYI: Their lunch menu is a bit cheaper than their dinner one and their take out preparation time is one of the fastest I've ever experienced.

Let's just say, our decision to order take out here was totally on a whim and only because it was close by and we were desperate for food. Long story short, it was 96 degrees and humid outside. Inside, it was the 100+ pound window air conditioning unit versus us. I would've loved for maintenance to come install it but we were desperate.

WHAT WE GOT: Chicken pad thai and sauteed mixed vegetables

PROS: Oh. My. Gosh. I am in LOVE. This was probably, hands down, the best pad thai I've ever had. Granted, I'm not really much of a pad thai person but JJ Thai Cuisine's pad thai has convinced me to love it. Incredible flavors and the texture of the noodles were spot on. They were also very generous with their chicken chunks and gave a pretty decent sized portion. Their sauteed mixed vegetables were also pretty good. Not as good as the pad thai but still up there. Some of the vegetables were a bit over cooked, but it still tasted great. Came with a scoop of white rice and lots of fried tofu so it's more on the heavier end.

CONS: Lunch menu doesn't have as many choices as the dinner one but the selection is still pretty good.
Went here last night. Was really impressed with the ambience they managed to create. 

The wait staff was incredibly friendly and professional. We had a reservation and We were seated immediately and our table literally had a reserved sign on it. Some restaurants I still have to wait for a few minutes with a reservation. 

Ordered the appetizer trio. Everything was really good. I'm not gonna lie I forget what was in the picture closest to me (the one that looks like a taco bowl) but that was really fun. I'm not the biggest Thai cuisine kind of guy but the flavors in that were all so different but worked really well together. The fruit was a nice pop of flavor to contrast the meat. 

The filet mignon was cooked perfectly. Nothing more to say about that. 

Finally for dessert I got the fried ice cream. Playing 10/10 and they lit it on fire. Unfortunately I think the fire made the outside part a little bitter. 

Great experience. Hopefully they do takeout cause those noodle dishes looked bomb.
Great service and great food - not much else to say.

If you're more beer-oriented, this is a great BYO location-wise - with Monde Market around the corner, and the deli across the street, you got beers for days to go with your nam prik ong, pad see-ew, duck salad, or what have you.

Speaking of, their duck salad was a standout dish - highly recommend. Their short rib, when it's available, is also spectacular, and large enough to share if you're also having an appetizer and maybe a soup.

And yes, I'm basic, so I've tried their pad thai. It's light and springy, the way it should be, and hits the spicy, sour, salty, sweet notes that one should demand from an inexplicably popular (because of people like me... which I guess is an explanation. Metaphorically inexplicable?) street food that has ascended to godhood.
Amazing food. My friend I took said she hadn't had Thai food this good since she left Thailand. I had the Crispy Duck Salad and the Mango Sticky Rice. Both were phenomenal. I could live on salads if all of them tasted that good. The Sticky Rice was buckle-your-knees good
This is our go to Thai restaurant in Philly. Never disappointment in the quality, the taste, and the service. Their Drunken Noodles are the best, only rivaled by their grilled salmon. 
So sorry they are not able to deliver during the COVID lock down.
Easy 5 star experience. Food, service, and ambiance all shine here. Placed a takeout order and picked up in 20 mins - super easy. The food was piping hot, well packaged, and delicious. Great option in the neighborhood...and also worth a drive in if you're craving good Thai food!   

Update: I've had take out from JJ 3 times now, and have been super impressed each time. I recently branched out of my normal order (pad Thai and pad see wee - both are fantastic!) and tried the veggie spring rolls. WOW! Clearly house made and such a good/unique flavor. Highly recommend giving them a try.
Came here for a weekday lunch with coworkers. Seems like a pretty popular spot for lunch in the city.

All their lunch plates come with either a soup or a salad. Their soup today was corn soup. That's what I picked -- it was fantastic btw. A little creamy and there were bits of corn in it that added some interesting texture.

They also had some seasonal lunch plates in their menu. I forgot the name of what I ordered but it had grilled marinated pork, green papaya salad and sticky rice. It was delicious.

Also got their Thai iced tea. It was a solid Thai tea, maybe a little too sweet for me though.
I went here for lunch, and the food was so so good. Though the menu for dinner and lunch are quite different (so I'm not too sure how the dinner menu is), I would definitely recommend this to people looking for good Thai food.

The Crispy Salmon is just to die for, and the Drunken noodles, had such a great depth of flavor compared to many other Drunken noodles that I have had. The Chicken Sate also had a great mix of sweet peanut sauce and savory meat. 

It's hard to compare this fusion style restaurant to other Thai restaurants in Philly, but I think JJ Thai can easily stand next to Kalaya as one of the great Thai places in Philadelphia.
A cut above the other Thai restuarants! I love the French-Thai inspired-dishes, the intimate ambiance, and how fresh the food was. I can't explain it, but the drunken noodles (I sampled my friend's dish) was one of the best drunken noodles I had. They were springy, spicy (but not overly so), and had plenty of veggies. I had the Nam tok, which I highly recommend. The fish sauce, smoky/charred beef, mint, and onion was an amazing flavor combination. I don't recall seeing this dish at other Thai restaurants. I believe this is also a byo, so I'll definitely be back for date night with a bottle of wine!
The food is fantastic. The produce is so fresh & it feels a lot more healthy than most Thai spots. It's a clean mellow ambiance but I often do take out as well. I love the green curry, drunken noodles, & pad thai (its not greasy) In terms of apps I like the chicken sate and the spring rolls. The veggie dish is great for vegetarians. Great neighborhood spot.
Stopped by for lunch with my girlfriends. Limited lunch menu but enough to get some choices. Ordered chicken green curry, shrimp green curry and drunken noodles. Also ordered Thai ice tea. Entrées come with soup or salad. $10-$11 per entree. Overall I liked the quality of food and curries were very tasty. Curries had green beans, eggplant,  beansprouts, etc. very flavorful and enough quantity for lunch. The service is pretty quick and friendly staff. I think this was one of the best Thai food I have had in a while. Will definitely come back to try other dishes.
Had a great take-out meal from here this weekend. Particularly loved the Pad Thai, arguably the best in the neighborhood. Chicken had a good smokey taste and the sauce had the perfect tang. I called and asked for something specific that wasn't on the menu and they were very amenable to customizing my order. Food was ready to pick-up within 15 minutes. Pleasantly surprised by the inside decor - very upgraded from the last place. Clean, comfortable, nice music, and very friendly staff. Will certainly be trying more from here and dining in with BYO.
This place is reasonably priced, but it is a BYO. They aren't open on Mondays. I've been here maybe 3 times and haven't been disappointed yet. Their tofu and vegetable dish is delicious, and their pad Thai serving is quite healthy. I also got the grilled shrimp entree last night; I wish they served more vegetables with it to make it more filling. The service is always prompt because it's a small restaurant, and our water glasses are always filled in seconds!
We live in Charlotte and we could not find a good Thai food in this city. Taking the opportunity being in a big city, we walked in into JJ Thai that are highly rated at yelp.
My daughter who always orders chicken satay ranked their Satay highly. The basil fried rice was very tasty and the shrimp pad thai was al dente and not too sweet (just the way we like it).
Definitely recommended if you are in the mood for Thai food.
Good quality food and tastes amazing. Not your usual Thai food though. It's more of a fusion with French. I was surprised to see Filet Mignon on the menu. Ordered pad see ew which was so good and a short rib in curry sauce which was a shot in the dark but turned out great. The place was packed by 6 on a Sunday. We arrived early at 5:30 and were seated. We sat next to an awful family that were horrible to the staff and took up all the servers attention. Had to rush to finish our food to avoid the clientele.
This place is fantastic! I try to eat Thai food whenever I travel for work, which is quite frequently.  I would put this place in the top 5% of the roughly 75+ Thai places I've tried over the years. 

It's a pretty nice restaurant and is therefore a bit more expensive than many of the more "dive" type Thai restaurants, but not out of line at all.

I tried the red curry, which was perfect. Nice heat, lots of good veggies and a lovely creaminess. 

Very good and prompt service. 

My only complaint is that they left the tails on the shrimp, which is absurd in a curry dish. It requires you to fish through the sauce trying to remove the tails. It would make much more sense to do that in the kitchen where you normally clean the meat and fish, etc.

Overall, though, a wonderful experience.
My experience here wasn't bad at all.  But why were the steamed mussels so tiny?  I encountered at least half a dozen empty-shelled mussels, too!

I love the fact that it's BYOB and there's no corkage fee.  The staff was attentive and there's this pretty candle display on the wall that requires manual lighting of each of the dozen or so candles (I saw one of the waitresses carefully doing so).  I got one of the curry dishes and thought the portion size was pretty generous.  The main disappointment were the steamed mussels.  I might give JJ Thai a second chance given the abundance of positive reviews, but I wasn't as enamored as I thought I'd otherwise be.
It was sooooo yummy. We got a mix of things drunken noodles the green curry and the pad Thai. The noodles were really saucy and they added a lot of meat and veg which I really liked because most places do not. The curry was also nice and creamy.

Apart from the food the set up is really comfortable I felt like I could just stay sitting there for days. Service is also really quick and attentive.
Extremely friendly and attentive staff. 
The second time i went they said "nice to see you again"
and that was days later. I returned because the food, especially
the Mussels, Pad See Ew, thai iced tea, and Sticky rice were all really
delicious!!! Very generous portions in both appetizers and entrees. 
 Don't question it, JUST GO!
Came here again but this time for my sister's birthday. I can't express how much I love the food and service here! They are so accommodating and made my sister feel special for her birthday. They brought out a dessert with a birthday candle and we all sang happy birthday to her. I love how personable they are and even remembered us from the our visits before. Below are some of the food we ordered and thoroughly enjoyed that night
Came here around noon time during covid times. Able to get a reservation easily and service was super fast. We sat outside and all covid precautions were taken. Ordered my typical thai food go tos which includes chicken satay, red/green curry, and drunken noodles. All were great!   They also had a nice french touch and brought us carrot soup which was nice and different. I would definitely come here again and have to try the takeout!
I am a huge fan of Thai Food and by now have probably tried every Thai restaurant in the city -- JJ Thai is one of my absolute favorites! The food is always fresh, flavorful and served hot. My favorite dishes are the green curry, pad Thai and chicken curry puffs. You can request they make the dishes spicy (and they are actually spicy). They also have a wonderfully unique dessert -- poached pear-- which is excellent and definitely worth the caloric splurge! FYI it's BYOB. Be sure to make reservations because this place is always packed!
I found this place in Yelp when searching for a new spot in Philly. I love Thai food. I ended up ordering the drunken noodles with shrimp, a Thai iced tea, and the mango sticky rice (got that to go). The noodles were much spicier than I thought they would be. Normally, in a Thai restaurant in my opinion, they ask you how spicy you want your food or what level of spice. She didn't ask me so I assumed it would come fairly mild.  Not mild!  I actually do like it to be a bit spicy but this was a small level above that. The flavors in the dish were still wonderful and I ate every bite. I got the mango sticky rice to take back to my hotel. I had this when I visited Thailand and loved it. It was still so great. The rice was warm and came with a coconut cream on the side with sweet, ripe mango sliced. Perfect ending for this meal.
Came here for lunch on a Friday afternoon; the restaurant wasn't crowded and I was seated immediately.

I ordered Crispy Salmon, which was tasty and reasonably priced; it was served with soup or salad - I chose soup, which was carrot and surprisingly, really good! 

Good place to try for a quick lunch.
Wonderful service. Very present people. Small place. Good food. Can't go wrong. 

I will go again
Came here for dinner with my friend and it is a BYOB which is a plus! Service is good and food comes out quickly. Food was good, no complaints, but  also nothing out of the ordinary. Probably due to location but this restaurant is a tad overpriced, for example the curry puff pastry is $10 for 3 tiny pieces. You can never go wrong with ending your meal with a mouth watering plate of mango sticky rice YUM, my favorite! Their plating is also very cute.
Everything from the service to the food was amazing. Staff were extremely helpful even from the first convo I had with them on the phone making the reservation for lunch. We are big Thai food connoisseurs so we had a couple of our usual dishes and weren't let down. Def the best food we had in philly during our short 3 day trip. Fast and friendly service couple with great food and incredible weather is all you can really hope for in life these days.
Just a 15 minute walk from the 30th street station, this was a solid first stop for the Philly weekend. Saturday night and still plenty of seating in the moderately sized restaurant.

First thing I noticed is that there is no drink menu to speak of - turns out this spot is BYOB. Asked if they had Thai Iced tea, which they did. To go with that, ordered the Summer Roll ($9) and Drunken Noodle with chicken ($13). Summer roll is cut up and served with a sweet and tangy sauce which balanced out the raw veggies. Drunken noodle is massive, a heaping pile of wet noodles with minced chicken and vegetables. To end the night, shared the Mango & Rice based on Yelp tips. A little disappointed in the dessert as the mango wasn't all that fresh; the soaked rice was delicious however. 

Service here is superb; ladies are extra nice and presented everything with a smile. My only complaints are that they need a non-alcoholic drink menu and prices are a bit high for dishes that aren't noodle/curry. Other than that, a satisfying Thai place as any.
This is the best Thai restaurant in Philadelphia. 

I live a block away and probably eat here every 2 weeks: dine in and take out. 

This place blows me away every time. I'm a huge fan of Thai food and have tried virtually every one in the area. None come close in the following categories:

Ambiance - Nice and clean on the inside. Not too small, not too big. Adequate separation between tables allow you to enjoy meal without being on top of another table (rare for BYO restaurants)

BYO - No explanation needed. One thing to note is that they have high quality wine glasses. Rare for a good BYO restaurant. 

Service - The servers here are so friendly and helpful. It's a joy to eat here

Food Quality - Best for last: the food is fantastic. I usually opt for the Green Curry chicken or a specialty Salmon dish. I always start with the Chicken Satay with peanut sauce and finish with the creme brûlée (one of my the best creme brûlées I've had). 

Best of all is that cost is very reasonable. You have to try this place.
Amazing food with even more amazing customer service! I asked for the highest level of spice in my red curry and they didn't fail to deliver. One of my go-to restaurants in the Rittenhouse neighborhood.
OMG ! I wish i took pictures of the delicious food. 
Upon arrival of the restaurant (we didnt make a reservation on a friday night AND we had a baby with us) the lady at front door greeted us very kindly.
It was pretty busy but they saw our hungry faces and the baby so they quickly found us a small table. 
The menu has a good variety with classic Thai cuisine but also dishes like "Boeuf Bourguignon"

We started with the steamed dumplings and ravioli. I myself, am a picky one when it comes to dumpling (too much dough, too much meat, water in it, too dry - you name it!). Let me tell you - they were AMAZING ! Very fresh, not too big, nice and soft. 
For our main courses we had : Pad Thai with chicken and the crispy duck (Gang pet pedyang).
We stayed with rather Thai cuisine to be safe but when we saw other dishes coming put they looked delicious too.

This is a fairly new restaurant but the service and food were excellent. Whenever we're back in town we will definitely come back & chef Jang : when you feel like opening a restaurant in DC you'll have 2 1/2 weekly regulars who will devour your dumplings !! 

Good luck to you all
This place has a lunch special for about $11, and the menu includes all the favorites like pad thai, drunken noodles, and curry. 

I got the grilled chicken with rice and papaya salad, and the portions were well sized. The chicken was juicy and charred perfectly, but I wasn't a huge fan of the dressing on the papaya salad- it was vinegar-y, and didn't have enough sweetness to balance out the sour. 

The servers are pleasant and fast during lunch, and we didn't have to wait for a table even though the restaurant always seemed to be full. You get a soup or salad with the lunch special, but I would've been willing to pay a little extra for some different appetizers.
Ladies and Gentlemen, great Thai food does exist in Philadelphia, and it can be found here. My friends and I had a variety of apps, pad thai, curries and all were delicious. Plus it's BYOB. Very friendly staff.  Enough said.  This is officially my go to spot in Philly for Thai food.
I came here for lunch today got the duck noodle soup, which was on the lunch specials. It was hands down one of the best soups I ever had. The crispy duck pieces in the soup were delicious. The broth was bold and packed so much flavor. It tasted like a very beefy broth with a hint of cinnamon. The noodles and veggies (carrots and celery) in the soup made it perfect. I will be thinking about that soup until I am fortunate enough to eat it again. The soup came with a salad. The Thai dressing was so delicious. I am very impressed with the flavor profiles the chef has created here. The place is small with about 20 tables. The seating area is nicely decorated. It would be a nice spot for a date night. It's byo as well. The service was amazingly fast. My co-worker got the Pad Thai. He liked it as well. I want to try the green curry next time. It looked great.
We started with the soup, my mother had the soup du jour - spinach soup, I'd the coconut milk with chicken, mushroom etc. we should have shared one bowl - they were huge. I'd the salmon special in green curry, mom had shrimp pad Thai - both were yummy . My mother said it was the best pad Thai she'd ever had. We shared a delicious dessert (creme brûlée ) and left stuffed! I want to try the steak au poive next time and I hope to try the onion soup when it's back on special again.
I absolutely loved my meal at JJ's but one of my friends was not super impressed, knocking it down to 4 stars. The service was quick and helpful, and I was able to make a dish vegan/vegetarian that isn't normally! It's also BYOW which is a great option - the prices are fair too. If you're in the area, definitely check it out for a filling meal!
Found a favorite drunken noodle spot in Philly!! It's $13-15 but portion is big, and it has that grilled fire taste to it ()! You can choose hot or thai hot (which I hear is too hot for even ppl who claim to love spicy food). 
Their pad thai was decent, but not the best. Better than some spots I've had it at. 
Their menu looked interesting but I was in my basic b mood so didn't venture out. There were some cool dishes I normally wouldn't find in other thai spots.
Also randomly bougie with their french menu. Those entrees were $25+. Atmosphere is also lil more upscale than your neighborhood thai takeout places. Prob good for third date (not impressive for first two dates). Great attentive service. Although clientele seemed mostly non-asians (we had to ask for chopsticks), the flavor seemed quite authentic! 

One-liner: get drunken noodles, dont get pad thai.
Fresh , Fresh, Fresh

Since coming back from Thailand last November I have eaten at the Foodie Mecca POK POK in Brooklyn and today I enjoyed lunch at JJ Thai in Center City Philly.

This small well run jewel opens its arms to everyone with its rightsizing of spice and taste.

Everything is fresh, balanced and tastes like Phuket is just outside their doors.

If your Mom has never tried Thai and your husband is a lover of the pungent and sweet tastes of curry, lemongrass and fishstock - both will love JJ Thai

One point that separates POK Pom from JJ Thai is the staff. The Brooklyn hipster staff detract from the food at PP while the staff at JJ reminds you why Thailand is the Land of a 1000 Smiles.
Very nice restaurant with great ambience. Good for romantic dinner or group.  Food is very tasty. I really enjoy everything I've got. And service is excellence. Our waitress were very attentive. Best restaurant at Philly so far!  Strongly recommend!
JJ Thai is, by far, our favorite Thai restaurant in Philly. Their food is simply delicious. Pad See Ew with beef and Red Curry with Shrimp are among our favorites. The entire staff is also super friendly. It is the kind of place we invite our family and good friends when they are visiting us in Philly. Highly recommended.
Had green Thai curry and spring rolls, very nice vegetarian Thai food. Would recommend it to anyone. Their portion sizes are also nice and appropriate, so you don't feel bloated afterwards.
Went with a few friends before a show at Helium. The atmosphere is nice and there is some outdoor seating if you are so inclined. 

For my entree I had the Salmon Curry which had brussel sprouts, green peas, bell peppers, asparagus, chopped shrimped, and a side of rice. The rice portion was just right for the meal. The salmon was cooked perfectly, nice grill marks for a bit of char and very moist. The curry was delicious and the vegetables tasted great. My only problem with the meal was that I asked for medium heat which the server sounded like it would be pretty spicy. I actually could have used more heat. My friends at the table all enjoyed what they had (Pad Thai, Grilled Shrimp, and another order of Salmon Curry). 

The wait staff were great. Very friendly and attentive. Our water glasses never were empty.
JJ Thai Serves such great Thai food especially their curry! I ordered the Pad See Ew & Massaman curry, both hot spice The Massaman curry was better than I expected. It was very creamy due to the coconut milk and cashews added to the curry. But the palm sugar & cinnamon flavors brought out the sweetness of the curry. The Pad See Ew was perfectly stir fried. None of the noodles were soggy. The noodles absorbed the soy sauce very well. The Chinese broccoli gave the dish a nice crunch and mediated the spice.

 I ordered the entrees with a hot spice level. If you have a high spice tolerance, a high spice level will compliment the flavor. 

We ordered the appetizer trio and curry puffs. The appetizers were good! But definitely small in portion. The curry puffs were VERY tiny. 

The restaurant is BYOB so we brought a falanghina wine to compliment the Thai food. The service was excellent! They immediately took away dirty dishes, water was constantly being filled, and our table was whipped down when dirty. 

JJ Thai restaurant serves great Thai food with large portions! I'm most likely going to come back and invite more people.
PLEASE do yourself a favor and go here for dinner. As in, tonight. Don't waste a single day not knowing about this gem.  First, this is a completely different restaurant than the Thai place that was in this same location before recently.  Not just a new menu and spruced up decor, but completely different ownership and staff.  Second, this food is so amazing I have no hesitation in saying it is the best Thai restaurant in Philly right now (yes, even leaps and bounds better than that one I know you're all thinking about).  The food is not just delicious but the presentation is so nice.  And the menu is great because it has all of the Thai staples and is first and foremost an authentic Thai place, but then also has some other food that is more American (for example, roasted chicken or grilled salmon).  Which is good because you're going to want to keep going back to this place just about every day, which is probably more frequently than you can actually eat Pad Thai.  Third, the people are just so. darn. friendly. that I can't even take it.  I went there one night with two girl friends and asked to have my drunken noodles without lime leaf (I just personally don't love lime leaf).  Then, I went back a week or two later with my boyfriend and ordered something totally different - and the waiter actually remembered not only that I had been in there before with a different group, but also that I had asked for no lime leaf that time.  I didn't even mention it this second time, but she said with a friendly smile, to my total surprise, "Hmm, I don't think that dish has lime leaf, but I will check for you to be sure."  I kid you not, I would go back to this place if they served cardboard in the vague shape of food items for dinner, just because of the people.  But let me tell you - their food is amazing.  Finally, last but not least, this place is clearly run by a small team (if not family) of really dedicated staff.  They put their heart and soul into this place, and I am worried that people might not realize that this is zero percent related to the last restaurant that was in this spot.  Please help give them a chance to make a name for themselves. Why are you still reading? Go there now!
Great lunch specials! Great atmosphere and good service. We Wanted to take a long lunch and stopped in to JJ Thai. It was a little off the beaten path for us but it was a nice walk. They had a solid lunch crowd and the service was great. The prices were great for lunch and we all had left overs to go.

I had the pad see ew, but others in my party got the pad Thai, tilapia and other noodle dishes. It is a very cute little lunch or dinner spot and I look forward to going back and trying new dishes.
Absolutely delicious. They were able to make a vegetarian pad thai without fish sauce that was great. My husband enjoyed the chicken pad thai. Also had the veg spring rolls and friend ice cream. With the great food, excellent service, and byob, this place is a home run!
Friend and I came here for dinner one night at her recommendation and I was pleasantly surprised by everything. We split the red curry and a drunken noodle dish and both of them were spot on - I do wish they were bigger portions but with a drink plus dessert, I was definitely satisfied by the end. 

Service was very good, very friendly, and I felt very welcome at the restaurant. Apparently the art on the wall was actually shipped over from Thailand but that's just something I've heard. 

For dessert I would go with the fried ice cream.
I am Thai and I went for the first time with a couple of my Thai friends who already had gone twice. We tried the chicken red curry and a few appetizers. They were all very awesome and all I can say is that so far everything here is very authentic. In addition to an enjoyable and friendly atmosphere, they very care about the service. The price here is very very reasonable given that the amount of food is quite like American portion.  They also offer a variety of fusion menu that we really like to try next time. We will definitely go again and surely this is my favorite Thai place. They are more than happy to take any comments to make their restaurants the best of the best Thai restaurant in town.   :)
I've been to JJ Thai several times and I always leave full and satisfied! Most recently, my friend and I tried their green curry and their duck noodle soup. My soup came with a salad as a starter and the soup itself had a ton of meat in it which was wonderful! Very tasty broth, would definitely order again!
I eat here every day for lunch (no exaggeration). The soups and pad thai are beyond words to describe! The staff is supreme! Love, love, love it here!
Good, standard thai food nothing over the top. Limited number of choices on the menu and the staff much like the food was good nothing special
Food: the main entrees were delicious. The noodles were flavorful and the drunken noodles had a perfect level of spice. Flavors were pronounced. The protein to noodle ratio was low, but ingredients tasted fresh and portion was sufficient. The only reason I would give a 3/5 was because of the mango sticky rice. First time trying it and personally not a fan of the coconut sauce. I think it would've tasted better without the coconut sauce. The rice was a mix of sweet and savory? 

Service: the staff was super accommodating and attentive! Went on a Friday night and there were not enough seats, so the waiter set up an extra set of table and chairs outside so that we wouldn't have to wait. Service was great. The interior/exterior ambiance is nice and clean.
Went there for lunch on a Tuesday. Really nice ambience. Not a huge menu, which I actually prefer because otherwise I can't decide what to get  tried the Thai iced tea, green curry with veggies and drunken noodles. The drunken noodles were super duper spicy!! Paid around $30 I think for these items.
In Philly for a week, this was our last stop!  The Crispy Duck salad was fantastic!  I enjoyed every bite of the green curry and the pork loin with peanut sauce was almost smoky!  Delicious ....!  Our server (she could have been the manager) was so polite and helpful.  I asked questions on dish preparation and she was happy to share.  She said there was another great Thai restaurant downtown .... I don't think you can go wrong with JJ Thai Cuisine!
Small group of us enjoyed dinner here.  Service was attentive and good.  We tried the lamb lollipop, spring rolls, and rib appetizers.  All were tasty with the group voting the lollipop and ribs as outstanding.   Ordered five different entrees and everyone enjoyed their selections.  Sentiment from all members in our group is they would definitely eat here again.
In the mood for Thai and it was during the throes of lunch - JJ's popped up immediately as one of the best rated spots within a few miles of us. Made for an easy choice and I'm glad we chose correctly!

Something that seems to plague Philly is liquor licenses... so I was unsurprised to learn that I would not be having a beer with lunch, but that's fine because everything was outstanding.

Lunch came with the choice of soup or salad, we opted to try one of each. The 'orange' soup tasted fresh and reminded me of a healthy well spiced version of creamed corn. The salad was quite tasty as well and wasn't just a pile of iceberg lettuce, a nice assortment of greens with a delightful peanut dressing!

The shrimp and taro shumai were large and stuffed with shrimp. Served piping hot with a refreshing and tangy soy dipping sauce me for a nice appetizer.

The peanut curry with chicken was hands down my favorite Thai curry to date. It was simply delicious, flavors all combined for a beautiful melody of a curry. I wish I had some right now...

Service was prompt, prices were quite reasonable, and the establishment had a nice simple yet clean decor.
JJ Thai Cuisine is a delightful and cozy Thai restaurant with friendly staff and tasty eats.

The restaurant is welcoming and nicely decorated. When I arrived early in the evening, I was only the second customer of the night. I quite enjoyed the laid-back atmosphere. However, as the night went on, it actually got quite crowded (and I felt near the end that the staff was pushing me to leave - though to be fair, I was definitely taking my time more than usual). Nevertheless, the restaurant always had an intimate and slower-paced feel.

For food, I ordered the red curry, which was delicious: savory and slightly spicy with fresh veggies and meat. I also tried the "duo" of caramel gelato and lemon sorbet for dessert, which was also delightful: sweet and refreshing, with picturesque plating. To top it off, all the prices were very reasonable given the quality of the food.

If you're looking for a relaxing and classy Thai dinner for a budget-friendly price, check out JJ Thai.
