Hello Yelp Friends,

Went to Philly to go to charity football game   against Philly Police and Fire football team and promised to take the lady for an authentic Philly cheese steak.
We were both not disappointed. 

Covid pick up orders only but the staff was very nice through a small opening in the lower door. I'm sure this place is jamming at peak hours.

The Philly cheese steaks were freshly made and made to perfection and the shakes were thick and delicious and our side was French fries dipped in cheese. I usually order food for her and always get the leftovers but not today. I got that's mine and don't touch it for the very first time. That should say it all. We got home and this morning for breakfast she was eating her leftovers.

Thank you Yelpers for helping me find this neighborhood non tourist place.

I strongly recommend this place.
This is part of the Crusade for Greatest Cheesesteak in Philadelphia trip I did. Joe's Steaks + Soda Shop was the 9th and final stop on our list. We had to cut one out due to being so full. When we walked in this was a small little shop that reminded me of an old school eatery. Very quaint little place. They staff here was also the friendliest in all of Philadelphia cheesesteak shops. They let us pull up chairs and take a seat at a booth in the back. This place also has thick milkshakes, a huge plus in my book. We had told them this was our final stop in our great crusade, and that we had only wanted one cheesesteak, they cheerfully asked if we would like it to be cut up in 6 ways, which was very nice of them, we had it done in 5. However we had all ordered one of their milkshakes, delicious they make them right in front of you and have a lot old-world feel to them with. Worth the trip alone. 

But back to the cheese steaks. They had probably one of the best steaks, tied for first in the worst case. The steak was perfectly cooked, the onions were tasty and the bread was the best bread in all the land, I have to say this is one of the most under looked elements of a perfect cheesesteak in my book.  If I had to criticize it, they only way it could have been better was if there was more cheese. Again I do like my cheesesteaks with a heavy hand in the cheese department, but I felt like I wanted a bit more. All in all though it was a perfect sandwich and the best final stop in our trip.
Joe's Steak and Soda Shop is my favorite place in Philadelphia for cheesesteaks. It is my humble opinion that this establishment has the best cheesesteaks in the City of Brotherly Love, a city known for their cheesesteaks. That is truly saying something. 

If you are into milkshakes, they also have some amazing milkshakes, as well. Let's not even try to justify that anything at this establishment is even remotely healthy for your body (but I will argue that a meal here is good for your soul), so you are here, let's indulge and worry about s healthy meal later.

In addition to the cheesesteak and now a milkshake, make sure you get an order of french fries. I would also say male sure you at least consider the pizza fries, just another level of indulgence in a wonderful meal.

Philadelphia is known for their cheesesteaks and there are a few places where the tourists line up to get a "philly cheesesteak" (locals never call them a "philly cheesesteak," just a cheesesteak), this is not one of those locations. But maybe it is because Philadelphia wants to keep this establishment for Philadelphia and not have it fall into the role of being a "celebrity" cheesesteak joint which will steal what makes Joe's the best place for a cheesesteak in or around the City of Brotherly Love. Let the tourists grab a "philly cheesesteak" at one of those "celebrity" cheesesteak joints, Philadelphians know where the best cheesesteaks can be had and Joe's is definitely one of those places.
In my food explorations I tend to keep an open mind, thinking that there could be better somewhere out there. Rare is the occasion in which all the pieces fall into place, the heavens open up, a mighty beam of light shines down, and a choir accompanied voice says, "This is the one". 

Today, I ate "The One".  (wipes solo man-tear from eye) 

The girls are great.
The food is great.
The vibe is great.

You want ok, go elsewhere. You want great, go to Chink's. I do.
I'm sorry if you're offended and I can see your point, but damn this a good cheesesteak! 

My thoughts are all over the place with the little details I love about this place, so let me try to focus on the sandwich and go from there. The menu is pretty tight with how you can get your steak here. There is no whiz (thank god) and the Pizza steak, Steak Hoagie, etc...where not listed (although they do serve hoagies, so maybe if asked nicely you could get one if that's your thing). Next thing to know is that they don't disguise their meat by chopping it up into fine little bits. This is sliced baby, and it is good. The real stand outs for me were the most amazing roll and the fantastic sauteed onions. Both components are easily the best I've yet to have in my travels around the city and made for a delicious gooey mess by the end of the roll.

The place itself has a great vibe. It is tiny and I can imagine fills up during those prime times. Its 5 cozy booths with individual jukeboxes surround a little soda fountain! The place was staffed today with 4 (including the cook) twenty-something girls who rocked the place. They were having fun and totally added to the uniqueness of the place.

Steve's Prince of Steaks has been my favorite for a while, but Chink's has taken over thanks to the equally as good cheesesteak and the better than average atmosphere.
One lovely Saturday morning a large group of friends and I decided to start the day out with a round at Juniata, a la beer-a-hole. Things went smoothly but slowly, however, after 18, I still had plenty of time to make the reception of the wedding ceremony I had missed around hole 15 (don't frown at me, I was a friend's fourth string plus one). All was still well as the twelve of us began loading up the car caravan, when suddenly we heard a low rumbling. Much like a yawn, that belly talk spread through our crew like wildfire, and within seconds every one of us was jockeying to name drop the most slammin' local eateries we knew. 

After many strong guarantees from a day walker I know, Chinks won out (who listens to those stricken with gingervitis, you ask? apparently this guy). 

Cruised into the old school looking shop and started dropping orders: whiz with, provolone and extra hots, American with saltpepperketchupandhotsauce.... the combos went on like that for a minute. Started chowing down on mine as soon as it came and immediately loved it, so much so that the girl constantly calling to check my ETA didn't take a drop of the enjoyment away for me. Steaks aren't chopped (not my usual style), they come on a fairly good roll, and with a healthy slathering-o-cheese. That meaty meal was so satisfying that 75% of us decided to go in for round two... so good that I had to cover the receiver as I again fibbed about being minutes from home just so I could re-up. Yeah, I know, how rude of me, but you don't know all the facts; there was a strip club directly across the street for the other four fellows to go wait out our extended meal, so everyone was happy. 

Never did make the wedding, but at least I learned about another solid NE cheesesteak (she forgave me eventually).
We were lucky to have Joe's pop up on the map when we were driving back from the Philadelphia airport and craving a local lunch.  I'll just say that if we were just driving down the road Joe's is not a store front that I would have approached let alone even noticed - it is a literal hole in the wall and a best kept secret as far as I'm concerned.  

We parked on the street and began to approach before we were greeted by the smells of steaks on the flat top.  You could see the chefs grilling against the window and the small restaurant from the sidewalk.  I immediately knew that Joe's was the real deal.  We found a seat, ordered buffalo chicken fries, a milkshake and two cheesesteaks, did I mention that we were hungry?

The bread, the cheese, the steak it was all so good.  It was the perfect philly cheesesteak!  We found it.  Our fries were a very generous portion and also perfectly tossed in buffalo, topped w chicken and served with a large side of ranch.  The peanut butter & oreo milkshake was made with Turkey Hill, so creamy and good.

If you haven't tried Joe's yet then you must find your way there.
Shhhhhh!!  I'm about to tell you a highly classified secret.  Can you keep it?  You promise?  Yeah?  Okay... here it is.  

*whispers* Chinks makes THE BEST cheesesteak in Philly.  Hands down.

Pat, Geno, Jim, Steve, Chickie, Pete, Tony, Luke... none of them can hold a candle to Chinks.

Chinks is this tiny, hole-in-the-wall, dive-y place in Tacony.  Yeah... that's right.  NE Philly.  Just locals.  With small booths, and tight seating at the counter.  The menu is posted up on the wall in really big letters, like they were painted on there by hand.  They keep it simple, as a cheesesteak should be.  The fries are pretty good, too.  I always ask for hot peppers.  

The waitresses are really sweet and friendly.  And they make an awesome milkshake from real ice cream and real ingredients.  Each week, they have a different special flavor.

Remember... this is our little secret.  Because we don't want this becoming a tourist trap now, do we?
Not only one of the best spots in the great Northeast, but one of the best places in the entire city.  In addition to it's famed cheesesteak, Joe's serves up a delicious order of political correctness.  But I'm not worried about offending anyone since it'll always be Chink's to me!   Chink's is one of the older joints in the city (since 1949) and you can sense that when you're eating inside.  It features old fashioned counter seating which gives it a nice nostalgic feel. 

One thing that sets Chink's apart is it's throwback to the soda shop.  It has a few unique flavors and gives a nice history lesson to the younger generation.  

Now onto the main reason I came here.  I got my usual whiz wit (with onions for you non-Philadelphians).  The steak was on the longer side than other places and although some of the steak didn't fill out with roll, it could be overlooked since there was still a good amount overall because of the roll's size.  The roll was perfect as any top spot should be.  The steak itself was delicious and not too greasy.  The onions on it were almost seemed carefully placed throughout the sandwich so you can get efficient taste distribution.  Lastly, the whiz was generously lathered on the roll as well as on top of the steak and certainly did not leave me wanting more.  

I also had a side of their small fries and while it wasn't a big portion, I was ok with it since I was quite full from the steak.  The crinkle cut fries seemed like they were lightly seasoned and were fried to a nice golden brown.  They were probably one of the better tasting fries I've had at a cheesesteak joint.  Lastly, I had a chocolate milkshake to go since this place is well known for their shakes too.  Make sure you try one when you're here-- it's a must.
Yo Philly! This is what a cheesesteak should taste like. On a break between the day and night sessions for Grey Lodge's Friday the Firkenteenth, my group recently ended up at Joe's. I've only heard about Joe's but I was really excited to give it a try, especially the way a few of my friends were hyping it up. 

I had my large cheesesteak with onions and American cheese. It was perfection. The roll was fresh with a light crispness. There was just the right portion of onions. The meat was chopped but not too fine and not to thick. The cheese melted in perfect union with my steak, onions and roll. 

I also got a small order of the crinkle fries to split with my husband. My only complaint was that the order was too small (or maybe we were just too hungry to have been sharing fries). 

We sat at the booths and I felt like we were in some sort of time warp at an old school diner. 

I'm only in this part of the northeast for the Firkenteenth, but I think I have myself a new tradition.
Running some errands in the northeast, I decided it was finally time to check out Chink's, to expand my cheesesteak repertoire.  Its a shame its a bit of a hike to get there, because its one of the best steaks in the city.

Walking in, it's different from most of the other famous cheesesteak places.  I love the old time lunch counter vibe, theres a couple of booths, and a couple of seats at a counter, where you can watch the girls make the milkshakes.

They make the steaks to order, which automatically puts it above the assembly line tourist traps.  I got mine with onions and provolone.  The service is very good, and much friendlier than most places.  It looked like there was table service at the booth, which is a definite plus.

The steak I got was a little bit dry, but still very good.  The roll is a bit spongier than I prefer, not acme-brand bad, it just didn't have the density I like.  The cheese was more melted on top than mixed in, a bit different than I'm used to, but at least it's melted.

They really don't make places like this anymore.  The neighbourhood lunch counter is now the mall food court, the mcdonalds by the highway.  I'm definitely going back to sit down there, try a milkshake or what looked to be real fountain soda.
Chinks (now known as Joe's) may be the best-kept secret in Northeast Philadelphia.

These are arguably some of the best cheesesteaks in the city. The meat is great quality and always cooked right with a perfect meat-to-cheese balance and the onions are cooked perfectly too. 

This is definitely a place where you want to eat in, as long as you aren't a large group. It has a great 40's diner vibe (because that's when they opened) and the servers are all really efficient and nice. 

Also, don't leave without getting a milkshake or ice cream soda. I always go for the cherry ice cream soda, and it never disappoints.

They have great specials too, including my favorite- $6.50 large cheesesteaks all day on Wednesdays.

The prices are really good and they do take credit cards.
ok so i'm not from philly. but i've heard about this place. i mean, after all, it does have a very offensively racist name. and i also happen to be half chinese. so basically i've been wanting to go here for years. i needed to know. it is as good as the hype? best cheesesteak in philly? worth overlooking the racist nickname of the owner who "had chinky eyes" (so somehow that isn't a racist thing to say?). 

yes.

yes it is is worth the trek to the northeast and yes the cheesesteaks are DAMN GOOD. the best i've had in my several visits to philly. the place is cute and quaint and small. feels very family run. the steaks are great. the shakes are great. and they even sell souvenir shirts!
The best cheesesteaks are not in South Philly my friends, they are on Torresdale Ave! Chink's (now Joe's) doesn't have the glitz and notoriety of Pat's or Geno's, but they do have something that they don't, awesome cheesesteaks.
Although the store isn't much to look at, anyone looking to have the authentic Philly cheesesteak experience should make haste and go straight to Chink's. Joe's. Whatev.
Those who follow my superb reviews know that I am a denizen of Steve's on Castor.
My auto repair place is on Torresdale and we just went home a different way and...hey that's Chinks I have heard about for years.

A lovely time warp place inside, the grill in the window for all on the street to watch and salivate, and steaks at least as good as Steve's along with great shakes!

If you are around and you have not been you owe it to yourself to go and see what you have been missing!

Took me 19 years of living in Philly to do so - you should try not to wait so long, try it and make up your own mind.
Imo: Overrated. After visiting Philly 10+ times, all the locals kept raving about Chinks. I had tried all the usual suspects and was curious what Chinks was all about. 

What I loved: The ambience is fantastic, the fact that its a sit down cheesesteak place is surprisingly refreshing! Some of the best and most authentic rolls you'll find in Philly! The fries are superb and were extremely fresh!
 
Not a fan of: The meat was not cut into small pieces, thus this is a negative, the steak is not a tasty nor memorable. 

Bottom Line: I will return for the fries, the bread, and perhaps the sit-down aspect. The parking is on the street which does not help, especially if you are coming from the city, it is not as conveniently located as other steak shops but the reputation among locals is enticing.
Joe's Steak and soda shop gets 5 stars because in my opinion they have the Best Steak sandwiches in Philly. This is the real deal. This is not a tourist trap. This Sandwich is for real Philadelphians that know their Steak Sandwich. 
I have been eating their Sandwiches ever since I was a little kid when it was called Chinks. 
The sandwich is just all around delicious from the roll to the meat to the cheese and onions. I usually get American with but switch up from time to time. 
The Milkshakes are also tremendously delicious my favorite being the Banana Shake. With an order of fries and a bowl of peppers you're good to go. 
The atmosphere is rustic but clean. It looks the same as when I was a kid. I like that. The staff is courteous and professional. If I were only allowed to eat one Steak for the rest of my life this would be the one.
Just had my first sandwich here after reading and hearing such rave reviews. 

I was very disappointed with the taste of the sandwich. It had no flavor. Neither did the onions (some were burnt). I watched them make the onions. They only used water to cook them.

The meat wasn't that great. I don't know where people are getting their chip steaks from but most places I go to, the steak doesn't taste like steak. It had no flavor at all and the oil they used overpowered the meat. It tasted like a greasy stove.

I don't think I will return because my expectations where very high for this restaurant based on the reviews. I've purchased steaks from other places where the sandwich is much more flavorful.
I won't eat a cheesesteak anywhere but Philly. I won't eat another Philly cheesesteak anywhere except Chink's aka Joe's. After years of eating at the tourist traps on Passyunk when visiting Philly and occasionally venturing to other spots for comparisons, I convinced a buddy of mine to travel further away to Chink's because of what my fellow Yelpers were saying about it. You guys are right on the money. This place is the best. FRESH steaks cooked to order. Worth the wait. Cherry soda made the old-fashioned fountain way. I had to see what all the fuss was about so I got a chocolate milkshake for the ride back to town. It was better than any ice cream store. I got to speak with the owner during a quieter moment that evening and he is the nicest personable guy you will have the pleasure of meeting. No pathetic gruff talk like the circus side show people behind the counters on Passyunk.
As a faithful Steve's patron, I had heard all the chatter about Chink's so I finally tried them today thanks to their 10% off promotion with Yelp.

The shop is fairly small but with seating and waitress service.  While aged, it has a nostalgic feel to it.  Clean but with limited seating.  That said, my daughter and I had no problem finding a table at just after noon on a Tuesday.   

Menu is very simple, as a steak place should be.  Basically you have steaks, dogs, burgers and sausages.  Fries are your side option.  There are a whole host of beverages available a'la an old fashion soda fountain.  I stuck with a standard Wiz/ Wit (cheese wiz with fried onions).  I know there were comments about burnt onions in other reviews but I didn't find any here.  They were perfect.  Maybe later in the day if they were sitting around they might get a little well done but based on the attentiveness of the cook, I doubt it.

The steak is Pats or Steve's style sliced steak rather than the chopped up stuff you'll get at most pizza shops.  As a helpful hint, if it's chopped, go with the American Cheese, instead.  The sandwich was VERY good.  Soft, fresh roll.  Nice about of meat.  Cheese was smooth and properly heated.  All around well done.  In fact, next to Steve's, the best steak I've had.  The meat slices are thinner which is the only thing that kept me from giving it 5 stars.

Fries were crinkle cut and nicely salted.  Very good.

Tuesday's special is a large steak, firs and soda for $10 which, for thsi quality, was well worth it.

I would recommend Chink's and will certainly return in the future.

BTW, they DO take credit cards with a $10 minimum.  A big bonus as I rarely carry cash.

Watch their hours as they close early (around 7-8PM) compared to other steak places which have a reputation of staying open to the wee hours of the morning.
At first I was offended by the name of the place, but I had to go after all the rave reviews. After I found out that it's not a derogatory name, but rather a tribute to the original owner, I calmed down and throughly enjoyed what is quickly vying for the best cheesesteak I've had in Philly. The meat is what does it. It's cut and cooked to perfection and plump full of flavor. Apparently the milkshakes are good too, and ginormous. Perhaps if I find someone to share it with next time, I'll update my review.

One star down for being difficult to get to. Nothing's really around the area. You just go there for the steakwhich... and believe me it's worth it.
When I venture into the city its usually in the south Philadelphia area. So for the longest time, my favorite cheesesteak joint was Philip's. A good friend of mine insisted that Joe's had the best. So we hit up the north Philadelphia region to check it out. Yeah, my new favorite cheesesteak spot!

I loved everything about this place. Let's list off a few of the things I loved:
1. The cheesesteak! It was perfect! Finally a place that puts a sufficient amount of cheez whiz! I loved that it's served on a piece of paper too. 

2. Cheese fries...crispy and perfect! 

3. They have milkshakes. Though I didn't get one, they looked amazing!

4. The place itself! Local joint with tons of character!

 I can't wait to go back!
Coming from South Philadelphia and all is was kind of disappointing to find that THE best cheesesteak actually comes from the Northeast.

I was introduced to Chinks by my husband, a native of the other end of the city, and immediately fell in love with both the food and the environment. It reminds me of a Woolworth's-style luncheonette, fountain drink dispenser, stools,  malts and all. I don't think anywhere near me could match the malts and shakes, which are always perfect and the sandwiches are so good that it makes this little one want seconds. 

I like how the staff is a mix of family and local kids. It's how a neighborhood business should be: run by the neighborhood. They were also supposed to open another shop down by the piers but I'm hearing someone gave them a hard time because of their name...ain't America sweet.
Bottom Line-Best Steak in Philly!
I grew up eating these steaks since I could eat solid food. I remember the original owner "Chink" who would yell, scream and curse all during lunch but everyone loved him! The current owner Joe, worked for Chink and the menu hasn't skipped a beat. He's added chicken and french fries which until I tried I thought was sacrilegious to mess with perfection (the original menu) 
I've brought friends from the suburbs and different countries when visiting to try Chinks and sit down in the 1950's style booths and have a "meal in itself"- a thick shake and steak.
Top quality PIECES/SLICES of steak not chopped up and each steak made to order is the difference! 
Other pluses- 
Sundaes, milkshakes, malts or chocolate sodas. The pickles are real crunchy and not thin sliced cucumbers pretending to be pickles. 5 minutes over the Tacony Palmyra Bridge from NJ.
It had been a long time since I had a steak from this shop that looks like time forgot. 

It was called Chinks back then - the original owners' nickname. I remember the acrimony of the forced name change to the new owner - Joe's. 

One thing that hasn't changed is the cheesesteak. It remains one of the best in the city. 

Thankfully, I was able to get a parking spot right in front. There weren't many to be had.

The inside looks like it hasn't changed since the original location opened. It is a nostalgic throw back to the old soda fountains that used to be found everywhere when I grew up.

I ordered a cheesesteak with provolone cheese and fried onions. 

These are made to order so it takes some time. When it arrived , it was on a delicious, slightly toasted roll. The meat was lean rib eye steak - seasoned perfectly. There was a nice blend of cheese and fried onions in every bite. The steaks are delivered on wrapping paper, fresh off the grill. The flavor was spectacular. 

I drank a store prepared cherry coke from the fountain - a throw back to my youth. 

I met Joe who was busy working the grill and had to let him know that this is as good as a cheesesteak sandwich gets.
Delicious cheesesteaks! We ordered a large and small cheesesteak to go with cheese whiz and fried onions. The total was around $17 and some change. My boyfriend and I split the large one and gave the small one to his mom. They wrap up the cheesesteaks nicely so they don't leak in your to go bag. I think next time I'll order a large cheesesteak just for myself since I was still hungry after eating half of one. It's really easily to inhale them haha.
I don't have to ramble on & on & then start to compare other places with Chink's. You wanna impress someone you know from far or close & all they ever heard of is how good a Philly cheesesteaks is; You take them there. You tell them "There~That's a Philly Cheesesteak buddy". End of story !!!
This is THE place to get a cheesesteak if you're in Philly. My friend took me here, and having had an assortment of cheesesteaks all over philly, id come back here for quality and of course their milkshakes. I don't adore the fries here, they are good but the real reason you come is for the Philly experience with the classic decor. Make sure you get a cheesesteak and a milkshake and you're golden!
I'm terrible when it comes to making any type of decision at all ever in my entire life.

During my first (!) visit to Joe's, I simply couldn't just pick one meal...so I ordered a cheesesteak AND a hot dog. Now, if you know me, you'll know that I generally eat like a bird. I'm good at going from ravenous to uber-full in no time.

Not at Joe's. I ate every single bit of bread and hot dog and cheesesteak and wiz (not my usual but server's suggestion was on point) -- and I probably could've had even more!

My only regret: Not ordering an ice cream soda. Next time!
Holy cow just thinking about this place makes me hungry! 

The cheese steak is amazing, the strawberry shake is amazing too (the server divided it into two cups for us to share which was thoughtful), fries are good but not the best, reminded me of lunch room fries.

Service was nice... very VERY slow though and honestly not the most friendly or pleasant... but who cares when the food is THIS good!
(but really guys would be nice if you were a little bit more welcoming)

Would return here no doubt!
The best cheesesteak in the City.  Of course everyone has their own..but really.. why deprive yourself..try them all!!! They all rock. 

Its kinda out of the way, yet close to 95. 

The service is quick and courteous, to all, btw. There is no racist bs here..to any overly PC morons looking for a latest cause..this isnt it.  Its named after the owner, his nickname. 

Moving along, the cheeseteak is cooked right in front of you. In fact, the grill is right under the window..so you can even watch from outside (if you so desired!).

The bread is fantastic, the meat chewy (but not rubbery nor overcooked)..the cheese..perfect. I got mine with onions..but you can also get peppers, wiz, provo, the usual accompaniments. 

Cheap, great bang for your buck. I must have gone on a good day, as the female cooks and waitresses were all very good looking! Kudos!
My favorite has alwayssss been Steve's Prince of Steaks... until I tried Joe's (Chinks).
Joe's is now my favorite cheesesteak in our city. I still have a few "legendary" spots I have yet to try but for now, Joe's holds the top spot. 
Order both cheeses (American & Whiz) with onions (or without) you can't go wrong.
When I found out this place was going to be near the worksite, I bookmarked it and made it a point to come here.  I heard many good things about this place and I'm always down for trying out a new Philly cheesesteak.  

The place was a lot smaller than I expected, not a bad thing though, I liked it.  There are only a couple booths around the restaurant in addition to the bar seating.  I ordered a small cheesesteak with provolone and onions (I was a little bummed that they didn't have whiz, but whatever...no biggie) along with a cherry soda.  They both came out relatively quick.  I really enjoyed the soda.  The steak was also good too, but I think the hype ruined it for me.  I don't feel like it lived up to the hype.

I would definitely come back here though.  The girls were really friendly from the time I walked in all the way to when I walked out.  The service was good and so was the food.  Also, they were playing pretty good music IMO.  I also would like to come back to try their milkshakes...they sound great!
Ordered bbq chicken sandwich with the Santa cookie milkshake. The food is great and milkshakes are wonderful. The cheese fries are tasty and cheesy. My only complaint is the place is small(Only 5 booths and about 5 counter seats).
I know this place as Chinks this place was a Philly staple their steaks are so flavorful and the staff is very friendly i like this location better than the Fish town spot because its more of a mom and pops Spot.
T and I wanted to try this place before the official name change (we went the weekend before the official turn over). Of course, it was a madhouse and T-shirts with Chink's emblazoned on the front were obviously selling like hotcakes. I believe they ran out of a few sizes in the time we were waiting. We decided to hunker down and wait for a table since we didn't want to have the ultimate cheesesteak experience dripping onto our laps. 

Best decision ever. We waited about 45 minutes and then about 20 minutes more for our grub. Totally worth it. Best cheesesteak I've ever had. No gristle. Heavy on the cheese. I added mushrooms (sacrilege I know) and they added a great earthy bite. The roll was clearly fresh. (We saw bags from Liscio's being brought to the front every half an hour or so.) Service was great, very friendly. I didn't indulge in a milkshake because I wanted to make sure I had enough room to eat the entire steak (I did) but next time I will be sure to indulge my sweet tooth. Can't say enough good things. 

Whatever it's called, I want to be a part of it.
Yum, yum, yum!!' 

Chink's... Ok fine, JOE'S, is definitely the place to go for a good steak. It's the one gem in my consistently declining neighborhood. 

The steaks are excellent. Geno's and Pat's definitely don't even compare. 

The shakes? Yummmmm :) They have the option to make your own flavor and add a banana or to malt to any variety. DO IT! You won't regret it. I promise. 

I honestly can't remember if they have fries, if they do I have never once ordered them because a large steak and malted chocolate shake with a banana is more than filling for me. 

Despite the name change, they're still the same great shop they've always been. Definitely give them a chance and stop in! Their hours and seating is super limited though so plan accordingly.
For lunch last weeks, I went on a mini quest to find a good cheese steak from where I attend school. 

I ordered a small cheese steak. It was almost 6 bucks, if I can remember correctly. I don't like eating in my car, so I took the ten minute trek back to class. 

The steak was lukewarm when I got back. I took a bite out of it and realized that I had to reheat in the microwave. Before I reheated the steak, the bread was chewy. So minus for that. Plus, the roll was pretty small in comparison to other shops I've eaten from. Another star knocked out. The folks in there were friendly, too. Pretty important during these times.  

But, I'll wrap it up. It was aiight. I'll find another spot to get a steak. I wasn't impressed, but I'll give them a second chance.
Best cheese steak in philly! Why are they the best? 
1. They aren't a tourist trap. So it pains me to advertise this place in any way. 
2. They aren't pricks like Pat's and Geno's. The girls are REALLY nice here, they understand costumer service.  
3. The SANDWICH is simply the best all around!  They also make other great sandwiches.
4. The place is really cool. Straight out of the 1950's. 
NOTE: The steaks are made to order. I know this is America, the land of fast fast fast shitty chemical food.  But order ahead it's worth it!
Ahh... Chink's... as an Asian, I don't know how to feel about the old name, or the new name, but I do know how I feel about the food. 

The cheesesteak? Great, best in the area think. Who's Steve? What does he serve? Because Joe's chops their meat, as opposed to slicing it into strips, they risk serving dried out beef, afterall, it comes with the territory of chopping up a protein like that. Which is why I tend to always prefer sliced over chopped meat, but Joe's was a rare exception where the meat was still juicy, I literally saw that delightly brownish hue soaking into the warm embrace of my hoagie that had surrounded it... The density of the bread was the perfect accoutrement to the juicy joy that filled it, providing me a bread with chew, but not resistance, it just flirts with you, before going on a date in your digestive system with you. (No more metaphors...)

Don't get the fries. Just get another cheesesteak with that money. They're not bad, but they're not good, they're just... meh. 

I had a delightful vanilla milkshake with a banana, and while my milkshake was thick, creamy, rich, and delightful, my one gripe was the banana. Now, don't get me wrong, the banana was a great addition, but it needed more time being incorporated into the milkshake. Instead of having a vanilla-milkshake with banana in it. I had vanilla-milkshake with banana chunks in it. I'd be happily sipping my milkshake when suddenly my straw would clog with a banana piece. Seriously, this is such a small thing, but really took away from the milkshake. But the milkshake is still great, get it, just don't get the banana, unless you make sure it's properly incorporated. 

All in all, I give Chink's (I can say it, I'm Asian), aka Joe's (I can say it, I'm American and I speak English), gets a 4 stars. 

I should note that the staff is absolutely lovely, hospitable, and fantastic overall!
I really don't care what they name the place (I LOVE THE NAME!) --- if it's good, I'm eating it! The steaks were freakin good! One way, only American Cheese though. It's ok though, the thick banana milkshake made up for it - done and done. ----
forget pat's, forget geno's, forget jim's -- this is the cheesesteak.

as for the offensive name, it's not common knowledge, but has been documented in newspaper articles of olde, that it is a nod to the founder's childhood / early adulthood nickname amongst all his peers. in naming his restaurant after the nickname he made the business personal and also acknowledged his neighborhood friends-for-life who know/knew him by that nickname.  you really can't fault him for that.

look past that and just go and enjoy a perfectly hand-crafted cheesesteak, fantastic fries, vanilla milkshake as you sit in a time capsule of a place that probably looks the same today as it did in the 50's.
A bunch of my friends and my wife & I were in town from NY for a conference in North Philly. They wanted to have a cheese steak. While others in the group wanted to take the trek down to South Philly to Pat's & Geno's, I suggested Chink's since it wasn't too far from where we were staying (and I had been to both Pat's & Chink's). We split up and I went with another couple to Chink's.
Another reason is because it was a little chilly outside and where  Pat's & Geno's only have outside sidewalk tables, Chink's has indoor seating.

It is a small throwback eatery with several booths and a counter. The flattop grill is in the front window which you can watch them cook from the street.

Their steaks come sliced and they offer two sizes which is good if you can't eat a lot and don't want to spend a lot.
The steak and rolls were delicious. We ordered a Shamrock shake and learned what "Jimmie's" are.

If you want the hype then go to the other places. If you want to sit down and have a tasty steak that can hang with the best of them, some friendly characters and nostalgia then come here.

My choice for cheesesteaks anywhere north of the city.
Chink's still makes the best cheesesteak in Philly. And, since Philly is pretty much the only place you can get a great cheesesteak, that makes Chink's the best in the known universe. 

I'm fortunate to work in the neighborhood, so I'm a regular here. The food is always fabulous, and the girls who work there are friendly, beautiful, and always very attentive. 

Forget all the other cheesesteak places. If you want the best you have to go to northeast Philly and slide into a booth at Chink's Steaks.
This was the final meal on our trip.  It was pretty darn good.  A couple of things lacking but overall it was still awesome!  They have a Thursday special which is any large cheesesteak and a milkshake for $10.50.  I got a whiz with and a vanilla shake.

Cheesesteak-  They use really good meat here.  Its not all hacked up into pieces yet its not perfectly round slices of steak.  Kind of like a hybrid.  The meat was really good.  They load this thing up with a lot of onions too which I like.  The only thing I would change is the whiz.  It wasn't ooey and gooey...maybe it wasn't melted/heated enough???  Something was a little off with it.  The bread was good but a little too doughy.  Still a really good sandwich though.  If I ever go back, I'm going to order it with American cheese. (I read that American used to be the only way you could get a Chinks steak).

Milkshake-  Delicious!  Plain vanilla.  I believe they use Turkey Hill Ice Cream which is phenomenal.  Some of the best ice cream you can get!  You could taste the vanilla bean and it was blended perfectly so you could suck it through the straw without straining too hard.  A great milkshake!

Service-  The service was amazing!  The waitress was super friendly and very "easy on the eyes".  She got my buddy drink refills without asking and delivered us more napkins when she saw we had cheese running down our face...very attentive!

Out of 4 cheesesteaks on our trip, this would rank number 2 probably behind Steves Prince of Steaks.  I wouldn't recommend the whiz though.  Go with American and it would probably be a 5 star joint!  Total for 2 steaks, a Coke and a Milkshake was $22 and change.

3 stars for the food and an extra one for the service!
This is the first time a cheesesteak has lived up to the hype for me. The meat was juicy, *gasp* flavorful, and deliciously intermingled with a pile of gooey American cheese. Perfectly sauteed onions, a warm crusty roll and a thick, rich chocolate malt to wash it all down with were the icing on the cake. And ambiance to boot! I never imagined that my favorite cheesesteak would be from somewhere that I would actually enjoy sitting down to eat in. Incredible food, great service, cute neighborhood place. Everything just comes together perfectly here. It's easy to see how they've been in business for over 50 years.

Word of warning: As of this review, the hours posted on their website are outdated. They are actually only open until 7PM on Monday & Tuesday. I found this out the hard way when I rolled up at 7:10 on Monday only to find a half-closed door grate between me and the hot meaty casual encounter I so craved. The front window gave me an eyeful of the steaks they were grilling up for the lucky patrons who remained inside, which is an incredibly perverse form of torment that I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy.
If you are in the market for a fantastic cheesesteak then you must try Joe's! Formally known as Chinks

I have been going there for a very long time and there has never been a disappointed. You are immediately welcomed by friendly staff and the ambiance of an old time soda shop. 

The best thing about Joe's is the consistency. You know you will always walk in and get the same great quality you got last week, last year or last decade. 

They recently started selling cupcakes made by two of the girls who work there. I must say they are also just as fantastic as the cheesesteaks. 

This is a must go to place. Get there early to get a seat because they get packed in quick. But it is well worth the wait. Especially on Wednesdays when large cheesesteaks all day are $6.50. See you there!
I love their cheese steaks! They are so good! I've been coming here since I was a kid. They also have hot dogs and hamburgers.They have a special on Wednesday $6 for a large ch steak. They have flavored sodas, milkshakes and root beer floats also. I believe they make ice cream sundaes but I'm not sure. If you want a great cheese steak come here, you won't be disappointed!
I was in the general area during a recent day off. When I pulled over to do a quick Yelp search, I realized how close I was to Joe's. Knowing their reputation, and knowing my desire to add one more city cheesesteak experience (you can't be a true expert unless you try as many as possible), I knew I was headed to Joe's for lunch. 

I do not regret this decision one bit.  

As far as actual cheesesteak quality, I was impressed by the sheer size and crustiness of the roll. Although it was not the most meat I've ever had in a steak, it was adequate to fill the roll. Flavor-wise I detected the slightest of char in the meat, but it was still quite good. The cheesesteak satisfied me for sure. 

The ability to get a good milkshake with my steak definitely helped matters, as the chocolate banana milkshake hit the spot in a big way. 

I've had better cheesesteaks in the city. But this is pretty good. 

I've also had better milkshakes. But again, this is pretty good. 

This is the best way for me to describe Joe's. I've been to better cheesesteak places in the city. But Joe's is still pretty good. 

In fact, I'm going to attempt to place them in my city cheesesteak list, which fluctuates depending on my mood. But here is how I see it today. 

1st - John's
2nd - D'Alessandros
3rd - Tony Luke's (the original location)
4th - Philip's
5th - Joe's 
6th - Pat's 
7th - Jim's (South Street location)
8th - Talk of the Town
9th - Larry's
3,978th - Geno's
Chink's ( Joe's Steaks) pleasantly surprised. I have lived in the city for over 6 years and never made it over there until the other day. I have to say this place is solid, probably one of the best cheesesteak spots in the city. They serve up fresh ribeye, perfectly Cooked onions and proportionate amounts of cheese. Last but not least, a solid roll.  The soda fountain options are also clutch.

I will be back!
My dad has been coming to this place since he was a teenager.  It is a great little neighborhood spot and it shows up on everybody's top ten list in the city.  

Great Italian roll. Good steak to cheese ratio.  I am not a big fan of places that use a lot of meat.  I've yet to have a bad cheese  

I have been to just about every well known cheeseteak place in Philadelphia. I am always looking for new places but this is one of the Top 5 cheesesteak in the city.
I'm from Philly and I think Chink's Steaks is the best sandwich of all. The flavor is fantastic!! It reminds me of how Cheesesteaks used to taste. Chink's is a little out of the way, but if you want an authentic Cheesesteak-make the trek! The restaurant is same as it was when it opened in the 40's or 50's. The name is a little politically incorrect, but not as bad as those Nazi bastard at Geno's.
I came here with my boyfriend because we were close by philly and we wanted to check out the Magic Garden as well as pick up some good philly cheesesteaks.

First, I would like to point out the tight space of the store-- it's small so I can see it getting easily crowded during rush hour, yet it was nice in that the tight space allowed for a more intimate time to sit with another person for lunch. On the other hand, I think the service was impeccable. The waitress that served us was highly enthusiastic in giving us honest suggestions on what to order (as we are New Yorkers and don't know much) and she was also quick to cater to our needs.

We got 2 small cheesesteaks ($6.75/ea) with toppings of whiz (+$1) and mushrooms (+$1) along with a side of fries ($2.50) and a cherry sprite for me ($2.50) and a black & white egg cream milkshake ($3.50) for my bf. As per the waitress' recommendation, we got the whiz (which is a thicker type of cheese sauce) and lemme tell you, it's CHEESY good!!! 

Everything was cheap and affordable, the service was amazing, and the food was very good for the price. If you happen to stop by philly, this is a hidden gem that you must go to!
You gotta at least try this place. After being a vegetarian for many years, I slowly added meat back in my diet. A friend who lives nearby says you have to try "Chinks". One bite and there was no turning back. I am convinced this is the best cheesesteak you'll find in Philly. Fries are just average; but they do make great egg - creams, shakes & fountain sodas.Wacky Wednesdays you can get a large cheesesteak for $6.50
I decided to drive down to Philly for Memorial Day weekend. I always have a hard time decided which Cheesesteak location to eat at. I think this time I finally got it right. Joe's was great. I ordered the 6" cheesesteak with American cheese and onions (I added whiz later). The size was perfect, don't get the 10" unless you're really hungry. It came with pickles and peppers on the side which added even more flavor. The fries were nice and crunchy. The cookies and cream shake was rich and delicious. If I'm in the neighborhood again I'll surely be returning.
Stopped in on a weekday at lunchtime. I was solo so I was able to get a seat at the milkshake bar area right away. The place was packed but I was offered a menu and drink right away which was nice. I was also offered pickles and peppers. I ordered a large cheesesteak with American cheese and whiz. I snacked on the delicious pickles while waiting for the steak. I was served my cheesesteak in less than 10 minutes. It was delicious! The meat was fresh, bread was fresh and both cheeses were really good. The sandwich was assembled well and served hot. The server was very attentive to me, refilled my drink regularly and offered more pickles which was awesome. I didn't order a milkshake but I saw them being made with hand dipped ice cream and man on man they looked really good! The experience was perfect, a clean restaurant, friendly staff, reasonable prices and most important: delicious food! I highly recommend Joe's if you're looking for a delicious cheesesteak in NE Philly.
I've never had a cheesesteak better than this.  The menu's pretty limited - my vegetarian friend's only option was a milkshake - but everything they offer is super well-executed.  The full fountain drink menu is great, the milkshakes are wonderful, and the decor seems unchanged from the 50s.
A couple of months ago a bunch of friends rented a limo and went on a Philly cheese steak tour. Hit 9 establishments. 
Being a cheese steak professional, I thought I had tasted the best. That was until I ate at Chink's. This was the BEST EVER!
Forget about Pat's and Genos, Jims & all the rest. CHINKS RULES!
Good luck getting there, but when you do, CHINKS is the MECCA!
Awesomest!  ...best Cheesesteaks for sure;  this is worth a drive from New York to DC just to stop in here for a massively, beautiful work of Steak, Sauce 'n Cheese

The reason to take 95 rather than 295 ....  to enjoy Philly

highly recommended
Best Cheesesteak in Philly ! I tried a number of steak sandwiches and this place definitely has the best ! The cheese fries are amazing too ! Plus if you go on a Wednesday they have a special on large cheesesteaks !
Possibly the best cheesesteak in the whole city... Too bad about the name... A young Korean woman started a major protest about the name. The owner in response said, "It's not racist at all. In fact, it's named after my Grandfather who founded the place. They called him Chink.... cause of his Chinky eyes."
Still the best cheesesteaks in Philly. It's been a year since we have been back and it's still great. The whiz is not that gloppy canned stuff and perfectly melds with the meat and onions. Get the whiz with your fries as an extra treat. The sodas are like an old fashioned soda jerk style and you do get one refill. Grab a great hand blended shake on the way out for the perfect ending. It's not that far from Center City, give it a shot
OK, so the name isn't Chink's Steaks anymore, but absolutely nothing else has changed. The cheesesteak is still the best in the city, and the ladies who serve you are still just as lovely and friendly as always. The decor is genuine nostalgic, not fake retro like some places. Seriously, I think the furnishings are older than I am. 

If you haven't tried Joe's Steaks yet, what are you waiting for?
This is really the only place you should go to in Philly for a cheesesteak! This is how cheesesteaks are meant to be. Local, small shop staffed with friendly people. The large Philly cheesesteak with cheese fries (GET THE CHEESE) is perfect for two. Their milkshakes are also thick and delicious, and they have fun flavors of the month; this month was Twix and snickers, but I really couldn't bring myself to taste one after the indulgence of my meal! Don't go to any cheesesteak places in the touristy areas. Do yourself a favor and come here for a real and amazing cheesesteak.
"Wow" .... is all I can say! This place was amaaazing!! The food was awesome and service was great. Don't let the neighborhood scare you off. This place is a true gem! 

So much history inside. I will definitely be back
I have eaten many cheesesteaks. Many. This is one of the best. The ratio of meat to cheese to roll is perfect. The meat isn't dry or greasy or salty or tasteless. It is the Goldilocks of our city's staple sandwich. Also noteworthy is the quick and friendly service - something not common in the hustle and bustle of the cheesesteak world... Needless to say, I am a big fan of Joe's.

I had cheese steak with wiz and fried onions. in most steak areas they call it wiz/with. had peppers and pickels that they give you on the side.... had small fries. there ok. better off getting a milkshake to fill up on. they make the food on the spot so everything is fresh. 

look forward to coming  back again for another good steak.
The food tastes like it's smothered in dirty underwear and the name of this establishment is appalling and offensive.  Seriously, WTF is wrong with you people?  Hey Yelp! how about taking a stand.  I know it's not a morality play but c'mon....
This place is legit.  Great cheesesteaks , crispy fries, and milkshakes.  It doesn't look like much, the decor is old and dated, but the food is banging!

Stop by and give this place a shot, it is worthwhile!
The Original Joe's steak and soda shop. Formerly Chink's and now the Fishtown's decor makes sense to me. Great old school place. The sandwich got better as I ate it. The meat was hiding in the middle. Very good flavor. Milkshakes, counter service and a pay phone, I love Joe's.
The locals have told me that this is the place to go. I took a nice drive up and while not disappointed.. I'm not impressed. I have yet to find a cheesesteak that matches Calvin's in San Jose.  Sorry Chinks! You're just not the one. But don't worry, neither were a lot of those other guys.
BY FAR the best cheesesteaks in Philly. I absolutely LOVE their cheesesteaks. I was born and raised in Philly and Joe's (formerly known as Chinks) is by far my all time fav. They're so good, they even opened a second location in Northern Liberties. They are also reasonably priced for being so good.

They're fries are also amazing. I hear their shakes are good too, I have yet to try a shake. They have the best soda selections. Cream soda is my fav and not offered at many places, extra thanks to Joe's for having it. It's the only soda flavor I drink. 

Writing this review is making me want to go get a cheesesteak. With that being said, bye!
This place, hands-down, has the best Philly cheesesteak I've tasted in my life. The meat and fixings just go so well with each other and it honestly feels like you're getting a taste of paradise with every bite into that yummy steak of yours. They also offer other condiments to go along with that awesomeness, including milkshakes, fries, cheese fries, fountain sodas, soda combos, and the mix. They run daily specials ... best day to go is probably Wednesday for $6.50 large cheesesteaks.

Ambience-wise ... perfect for a steak shop. They have a bar for those who plan on getting beer, but the joint is decorated like it's one of those shops from the '50s. They even still have one of those old huge record player machines in the corner. Service is fast, attentive, and prompt. I will return.
This place just sucks period. We ended up going there to get a steak and the people there gave me an attitude.  Half of the steak was a bit cold. 
Some people on here are just friends of the biz, that's why they are giving them good ratings. Never again.
This place is in my opinion the Golden standard, hands down with no hesitation the best steak shop in Philly. A huge testament for the land where competition is cut throat and where the ppl hold their favorites close to their hearts and bellies with a fanatical bite. The debate who has the best is nothing new, it has gone on for decades. Battles and wars have been brewing since the mid point of the century, with the most well known being between the two giants of steaks Pats and Genos.

Pats and Genos LOL yes they are landmarks, but they r also tourist traps. No true self respecting philadelphian would ever consider either place as the top steak shop or even top five for that matter. With that being said I suggest you try them, for the experience. (my biggest gripe the stupid rules, the steaks are pre cooked and set aside on a pile off to the side of the grill and the liberal use of cheese wiz. Again I am just not a fan of fake cheese product but I urge u to try it "for the experience at least once"

Then after trying them go down or rather up since its north Philly to Chinks.

Chinks is a North East Philly institution that has been around a very long time and  not much has changed since it first opened more then forty years ago.

Chinks has been the center of the spotlight on and off since it first opened and not always for their godly steaks. They've been the center of controversy and have caught plenty of heat, specifically from the Asian community due to its name. Specifically from the north east philly Korean community who have relentlessly boycotted the shop over the years for that very reason.

The name of the shop was named after the owner, which happened to be his nick name, due to his physical appearance.

So what makes this place so good, other then the fact that they don't have rediculous ordering rules.

Well simply they use top quality products. For starters they use fresh rib eye which they hand slice daily and which they then cook to order. The bread baked and delivered daily. It is top quality with the right amount of chewiness.

The grill cooks are well trained and know how to cook the meat just right with out overcooking it and mixing it perfectly with your choice of provolone or white American. This is a crucial part in the art of cheesesteak construction. They are experts in making sure that the cheese and meat become one.

I always order mine with onions, which they cook just right so it still has texture and a bit of snap.

They also make really good milk shakes, malts and amazing egg creams.

The shop also sells another Philly staple, tasty cakes.

All in all an awesome cheesesteak shop, with great friendly service. Probably the only shop in Philly where it's run by all women, including the grill cooks which happen to also be easy on the eyes.

My only complaint if u can consider it one is this place gets packed for lunch time and it can be close to impossible to get a table.

This is def one of the shops all cheesesteak lovers should try at least once. I doubt it will only be once though ; )
We were in Philly for a day and a half and wanted to have cheesesteak (of course) and didn't want to go to all the usual places so we went off the beaten path a bit and tried this place.

It was good. The bread was fantastic, great amount of meat neatly tucked in the fold of the bread. My boyfriend had his hoagie style and I wish I did too, it was great with lettuce and tomatoes. 

The fountain soda wasn't as good as expected and the malt was a disappointment but the food and the fries were great. They were so good, I forgot to take pictures. If the drinks were better, I'd have given this place 5 stars.
This place definitely relies on customer LOYALTY  moreso than the food..."Don't believe the hype" should be attached to the modest sign outside. Honestly, the steaks aren't anything special...I've had better. I found it to be a bit dry and forgettable. Everything is way over priced but I will say the staff is attentive and friendly. The atmosphere is like being transported in time (sorta)  JOE'S (chinks)---is somewhat of a local novelty..... it won't keep you coming back.
Who serves up the best Cheesesteak in Philly is a debate that ever rages on. I've been fortunate enough to try more than a handful of them including Pat's, Geno's, Tony Luke's, Dalessandro's but I think I've found my favorite in Philly: Joe's Steak and Soda Shop. This retro institution is a blast from the past served on an Italian roll reminiscent of The Happy Days set from the vintage soda fountain down to the wooden booths. The steaks are sliced in-shop rather than unwrapped and defrosted on the grill making them fresher than most of the competition. The egg creams, malts, shakes and soda floats are made with Turkey Hill Ice Cream and unique custom soda flavors.
Since moving to Northeast Philly, I've been on a search for a good cheesesteak spot in the area. The cheesesteaks aren't bad at all. They're pretty good, but they aren't great in my opinion. Maybe I'm spoiled from other spots like Max's and Dalessandro's, but nonetheless these were okay.
Okay so I'm from Philly so I'm very sensitive when it comes to cheesesteaks. I've been coming here for years! I know a lot of people weren't happy with the name change and stopped coming. Not so much for me, doesn't bother me either way. 

We stopped in for a quick lunch today and I've never been disappointed. They use the best rolls hands down. Steaks have always been consistent! Great service! Cant go wrong with wiz and onion. Without hesitation I can say this is my #2 cheesesteak. We will be back!
this place makes the best cheese steak in Philly. It used to be called "Chinks" and has been open since 1949. Just be warned, there's no public bathroom (it is older than the law that they should have one).
Let's be honest folks-- Chink's is a neighborhood dump on Torresdale Avenue, a place that you can easiy pass by fast while driving at 15MPH. We went to Chink's after all the publicity by that lunatic woman who most likely is a new resident of Philadelphia compared to the length of time Chink's has been in business. The food was okay but being served with the minimum service. It reminded me of 1: being served on an airline where you food is plopped down i front of you and 2: putting a dog dish with food on the floor for my pets. Its really a dumpy place and just a local joint. The highlight of my trip was getting the last heavy duty T-shirt with the Chinks logo and a steak sandwich on it. Furthermore with all this crap about which place is the best, etc, what can you possibly due to vary a roll, steak meat, cheese, fried onions and peppers. I like Geno's I like Pat's I like Jim's. Even neighborhood places can have a good steak sandwich so why all this absurd rivalry?
Best. Cheesesteak. Of. All. Time. 

Forget all the other cheesesteak places you've heard about because here's where it's at! Do yourself a favor and order a chocolate cherry coke (did I mention free refills?) to wash the deliciousness down with. The combination is ahhhhmazing!
When I want a REAL cheese steak I go to Joe's. And I make the drive from Delaware several times per year. I dream about Joe's cheese steak with whiz and fried onions, cheese fries, and a milk shake or cherry coke. We often make excuses to be near Philly just to have an excuse to go to Joes. 

Their fried onions are actually fried and crunchy and not a soggy mess. 

I don't care what name they use. A perfect cheese steak is a rare treat.
Full disclosure, I am in fact a publicist and am lucky enough to call Joe's Steaks + Soda Shop a client.

Not only is the quality of the meat superior and always perfectly cooked at Joe's- the sandwich is significantly less greasy than the competition. The best part? How they lightly toast the bread on the grill. And don't get me started on those delicious milkshakes......

Owner, Joe Groh is also the nicest man I have ever met. He truly cares about his product, staff and customers.

The name change was not an easy decision for him and it was done under careful consideration for the longevity of his business, family, staff, and a large portion of the population who are in fact ostracized by the name, 'Chink.' The fact that people still do not understand why operating under this name in 1949 is different than 2014 is flabbergasting. And they are probably Redskins fans.

I have witnessed first hand the verbal abuse, vandalism, and other abhorrent behavior that Joe has had to put up with over the last year and it breaks my heart. I do not know another small business owner who deserves to prosper more than this man.

I look forward to supporting Joe in his decision to change the name by eating a whole bunch of his delicious cheesesteaks - and cannot wait for his second location in Fishtown to open!

#ISupportJoeGroh
Some of my coworkers and I were in town for training and the president of our company had mentioned this place to try. Never in a million years would I have found this place by myself, so I was happy we were in a group. Very small, cozy feel to it and when I saw the sign for milkshakes, I was in heaven! I ordered the chicken philly with onions and the fries with a side of cheese. Oh, and a chocolate milkshake with real banana in it. Yep, happiest girl ever. The employees were so friendly and I'm sure they knew we were out of our element, but man, what a great place! I would make it a point to find it again.
Before I review Chink's Steaks I need to correct the very first review on here by Alex P.  The current owner (Joe Groh) is not the grandson of the original owner (Sam "Chink" Sherman).  Joe used to work for Sam back in the day and eventually bought the place from him.

I'm 35 and didn't hear of Chink's until I was 25. My ex-girlfriend's dad introduced me to the best cheesesteak in Philly. My relationship with her may have gone south, but my relationship with Chink's has been a sweet romance with nothing but love. 
I became a regular in there. All the girls knew me (they are ALL good looking) and soon the owner, Joe, got to know me.  He got to know me so well, in fact, that he invited me to the Super Bowl party at his house when the Eagles were in it.  That was a sweet memory. 
That's the benefit of a small business: they know you and you know them. 
All that being said, Chink's is by far THE best place to have a cheesesteak. Located in a working class neighborhood, this is a far cry from a touristy joint. This is where the locals go. It's our secret. The cheesesteaks are great. The chocolate-banana shakes are great. What really makes this place the BEST, though, is the ambiance. The narrow booths. The old swivel stools at the counter. The jukebox. The "made in front of you" fountain sodas. Most important: the "made in front of you AND passers by" cheesesteaks. The steaks are literally made on a grill in the front window. No secrets here.
This place doesn't "feel" like an old malt shop. It IS an old malt shop. Sherman opened it in 1949. That's right, Chink's is 59 years old. How many restaurants can say that? 
All in all, if you want to relax after a hard day at work and enjoy some comfort food, Chink's is the place to be.

Mike Suermann Jr
So much hype the cheese steak was soso. The neighborhood is scary I saw two drug deals go down outside so don't come here at night. The establishment was cool strait out of the 1960's  felt like I was in a Rocky 1 movie. It's a cool place to people watch.
My boyfriend and I were taking a road trip from Miami to New Jersey and knew we had to make a stop in Philly to try a real Philly Cheesesteak for the first time. We wanted a place right off the main road and I had done my research and narrowed it down to Chinks and 2 others. Well I decided on Chinks and man oh man did I make an excellent choice! Not only is Chinks on many of Phillys best cheesesteak lists, but it's a real local joint. It's not in a touristy high traffic area. It seems to be a nice little neighborhood joint. We got a lucky parking spot out front and went in. It smelled of heaven. It's a small place with booths on one side and the kitchen on the other. The menu is plain and simple, nothing complex, just good authentic cheesesteaks. We both got a classic philly with wiz. I bit into that sandwich and pictures of rainbows and unicorns danced in my head. The ooey gooey cheesey goodness brought me to a state of nirvana that no other sandwich has done. The meat chopped nice and thin, the onions were perfectly caramelized, the bun was soft and warm and the cheese was the glue that brought this fine piece of culinary perfection together. I may not be a Philly local, but I know I made the right choice when I choose Chinks and judging by other reviews here, I think there are some Philly locals that would agree with me. I know I could have chosen Pats or Genos or any other place you see on food network, but I find that sometimes the more famous a place is, the more it doesn't live up to its hype. I wanted a place off the tourist beaten trail. A place the real Philly locals go to for their cheesesteak fix and Chinks is one of those places.
Best cheese steak I've found so far.  Great roll and the  meat is chopped to the perfect size (not steak ums  and not ground beef like).  Part of the 5 star rating is the actual restaurant itself, completely lost in time.  It's not kitschy 50's or anything like that, just some hand painted signs, good food, and servers that are to the point without coming across like you're lucky to be eating at their establishment.  Besides the cheese steak being excellent, you'll have to get a cherry Coke, the king where the pour the coke and add cherry syrup, freaking great.  

The last time I ate there I bit the bullet and ordered an Egg Cream, not my favorite for sure.  It always intrigued me so I thought it was worth a shot.  It's comprised of chocolate syrup, seltzer, and what I think is frothed milk on top  It sounds bad but I thought it could be one of those food items where the parts all add up to greatness.  They don't.  Having said that it's not Chinks fault that the throw back drink is weird and makes me question my parents generation.

Great place, go.
I think you will be hard pressed to find a better cheesesteak.  I have had all of the great cheesesteaks: Steve's, Jim's, John's Roast Pork, Dalesandro's, Pudge's but Chink's is without question the best.  The girls that work there are as nice as can be and the ambiance there is truly original (as in, it hasn't changed for over 50 years.)  

Once you eat here, you will find yourself contemplating how you ever ate any other cheesesteak.... It is literally a mind altering experience if you enjoy cheesesteaks!
Best place to come and get a awesome steak and shake beats a lot of other places around here highly recommended
Chink's makes one of the top two or three cheesesteaks in the world.  This is the result of quality ingredients and taking pride in the work you do.  The place is a dive, yes, but the service is great.  Make sure to try the milkshakes.

As for the name, get over it.  It is the guy's nickname.  Everyone seems to want in on the victimization racket nowadays.  I can assure you, if you are white or black, and you venture into a store in Chinatown, you will have far worse insults hurled at you- in Chinese, of course.
I kind of call myself a cheesesteak aficianado and have had my fair share of the philly sandwich. I came here with an open mind and high hopes. The cooks and waitresses were very nice on the eyes. The milkshake was amazing, however when it came to my cheesesteak they fell short. I ordered the standard cheesesteak with american. I didn't want to stray from tradition and order wiz. The sandwich had no flavor, the texture was good however I didn't taste a thing not even the American cheese. There are a lot of people who have written good things about "Chinks" so make your own opinion about it and read other reviews.
Since moving to the Philly area, I've been working hard at hitting all the cheesesteak shops in town-this place is tiny and has a really cute 1940's/50's feel, with an old soda fountain counter and just a few tables. You can tell that the bread is nice and fresh and the chocolate/strawberry milkshake was rediculous. There are no crazy lines or weird ordering vernacular and all the waitresses are not only cute, but really nice too. I'll be bringing my father-in-law here when he is in town, this is a neighborhood gem.
Great steaks, but the shakes are average. They definitely take their time with your order. The steak is not paper thin and crumbled like most places in Philly, and the bread is a bit thick.
Being from out of town and trying other cheesesteaks in Philly, I made my way out to Chink's:
I got a strawberry shake that people raved about, it was thick but I was surprised it wasn't that sweet. I waited a good 10min for my cheesesteak w/onions and american cuz the guy that ordered before me ordered like 10 to go, but I must say it was definitely worth the wait! The way I watch them cook the steaks was like watching bulgogi getting cooked on a korean bbq (minus the beef getting marinated) and when I tasted it had that same texture! and what impressed me as well was they left the bread sitting on the grill which provided the crispyness from the bread which brings a great combination with the meat. I ate the other half the next day and it still tasted amazing! This place definitely stands out of the rest and I will come back again and order many more!
Nobody can hold a candle to Chink's.  Super friendly staff to go along with the best cheesesteak you will ever eat in your life.  If I decided to become fat, I'd eat a steak here at least five times a week.
I actually never realized this place was there until a couple years back when there was that hoopla about its name being racist towards Chinese folks. My parents lived near Chink's and we thought it was hilarious (we're Chinese) and so we decided to show our support by getting some steaks there. Oh man it was awesome. The steaks were great (the best we had up 'til that point since my parents only recently moved to Philly) and the folks were real nice. So totally worth it!

THREE YEARS LATER: My dad still loves the place and goes there for lunch whenever he's in the area for work. Good job, people who campaigned against the name: you won Chink's a long term Chinese customer.
If you want a great cheesesteak and Authentic milk shake, you'll LOVE Chink's!
Well, I haven't written a Yelp review in a while, but I ate here yesterday and had to give my two cents.  

Well, the first and foremost thing to be said is this: this was probably the best cheesesteak I've had in all my life.  It was absolutely delicious, perfect, heavenly.  Seriously, it was completely awesome.  A description won't do it justice - the bread was fresh, the meat and cheese and onions - you've got to try one.  Anyone who actually has a cheesesteak there on a good day will NOT be disappointed.  
That's why I'm giving this 5 stars.  The decor inside - it was dingy, it was a dive restaurant, that seemed to me to be a bit of the charm of the place.  

The name of the place... I don't really have an opinion on that - I'm not offended, but I'm not Asian - to anyone who is offended by it, I'm sorry and I respect that.  But, I would still recommend going there and trying a cheesesteak - the owner seemed very friendly, and the staff was professional and very cool - I don't think that anyone there would ever give anyone a problem because of their ethnicity.  It's not my place to advise anyone to just "get over" the name - if that's going to be a deal breaker as to whether or not to go to this place, then there's nothing I can do about it - but, with my restaurant reviewing reputation on the line, I can say with no reservations - it's a damn good cheesesteak.
