What a night! Meek Mill was freed, a Sixers Win, and the final location of a friendly gathering. Considering the popularity of JB's you'd figure it wouldn't be busy on a night when it's raining and when we arrived the scene was dull. A few people sitting along the bar and a few in booths but give it 10 minutes and some tunes spinning from the DJ and the place was packed. 

Our server was on point and extremely timely. What a relief when service is done right. They always have a decent selection of local beer (all drafts) which they proudly focus on and what's the showstopper? THE FOOD. The JB Burger is a right of passage and I almost ordered 2 of them.
I come here to see bands pretty often. I hear they have a patio and food and the photo booth and such, but for me it's always the same: walk upstairs, pick a beer off the mercifully easy-to-read chalkboard, elbow my way through that weird bottleneck at the end of the bar (why does everyone stand right there?) and wait/yearn to be transported by whoever's playing that night. 

Bands sound good here; there's a balcony if you want to try the bird's eye view; the ladies room is eons away from disgusting; they have cask beer and a bunch of bars so you won't have to wait a million years to get one; you can always find some space to mill around, even when the show's sold out. 

I've been thinking about it, but I don't think I can ask for much more from a place to see music... except for maybe a pony. How about a pony, Johnny Brenda's??
I'll agree with almost everyone in saying this is one of the best live venues Philly has to offer. Went to see Sunset Rubdown last night and if I can offer one word of advice, it's to avoid standing by the edge of the bar, near the stage. Everyone will be bumping into you trying to get through to the center/back of the room. If you get there early enough, run upstairs, grab a stool and pull it up to the railing. That's the best view in the house.

$3 Lionshead and Kenzinger drafts. I prefer the Lionshead. Is that so wrong?
You know what I love most about Johnny Brenda's? It's not the great local beer selection, the unique food menu, loaded jukebox or the pool table. It's not even the fact that they have pretty good shows upstairs which don't mean a cover for people hanging out on the first floor....

It's that there are no TVs! Yet there are two 1-star reviews of this bar simply because they have no TV! If you like TV so much maybe you should sneak a six pack into Best Buy! They have TONS of 'em! JB's rules!
My favorite venue in town, I can easily spend the entire night at Johnny Brenda's. At Johnny's You can grab dinner before a show, then migrate upstairs to the second floor, or even higher to the third floor bar (there's no shortage of beer here) and enjoy your favorite band perched from above with a $3 Kenzinger in hand. After the show, grab a friend and duck into the mall-style photo booth for a few embarrassing drunken headshots, then drop back down to the ground floor for more beer and some pool before stumbling out onto Girard Ave at the end of an epic evening.

If I were rating the food and service experience exclusively, I probably wouldn't give JBs more than 3/5. The brunch fails to match its reputation, the service could be more attentive, and I've never been compelled to come here solely for the food. But the food is there because it has to be, it's an afterthought to offering an intimate show environment and a great beer selection, which is why Fishtown loves this place. 

It's a bit of a scenester in-crowd here, but you don't have to be a hipster to fit in, just don't be like the guy who sidled up next to me at the bar recently and had this obnoxious exchange with the bartender:

Some Dude: Let me get a Miller Lite. 
Bartender: Closest thing we have is Sly Fox Pale Ale.
Some Dude: That's $5. Who charges $5 for beer?
Bartender: That's cheap for good beer, dude.
Some Dude: Let me get a Washington Apple shot then.
Bartender: Sorry, no Apple Pucker.
Some Dude: This place sucks! (exit stage left) 

What separates JBs from other venues is that here the bands are completely tangible, a few months ago I chatted up Handsome Furs outside after seeing them play one of the most intense, crowd-engaging shows I've ever seen (photo evidence in my profile pictures), and you just don't get that opportunity at most venues.

And that's why Johnny Brenda's is a 5-star establishment. Though the food doesn't get my blood pumping, the intimate vibe and overall immense, 3-floor Johnny Brenda's experience does. This is the only spot where I'm willing to see a completely random show, because even if the band stinks, Johnny always delivers.
Not only a great bar and restaurant, but hands down my favorite music venue in Philadelphia. It's a perfect size, though on nights of sold out shows, I wish capacity was a smidge fewer people as it can be hard to navigate. While the balcony seems to often put musicians at an unease, it's a great alternative to being floor level without the restriction of being 21+ to get up there (as with some venues).

Great lighting for photogs, great local brews on tap with an ever-rotating draft list, delish food (try the Cubano sandwich or grilled cheese/tomato soup combo), again with a rotating menu. Dishes tend to not be consistent from visit to visit as the night's chef(s) decide how to prepare each meal, but everything has always been great. I've never dared try to octopus (a JB's staple), but I've heard great things. Not my first choice when I'm trying to eat on the cheap, but the atmosphere is wonderful.

A very relaxed place, often full of 'hipsters', due to its great daily line-ups and moderately priced alcohol fare. Never a disappointment any night of the week.
Johnny Brenda's is my happy place.  Not only do my awesome friends live right down the block, but it's also been such a great space to watch some of my favorite performances in the city.  Location is not ideal, but Girard is growing on me no doubt (especially when friends give me a ride out there).  

Beers are cheap and tasty, bartenders are nice enough, and it's spacious enough for everyone to have their own social experiences (both upstairs and downstairs).  I've only eaten fries here, which were fine, but not really comparable to Monk's or Good Dog as far as bar fries go.  It's nice that they have so many veggie options on their menu but I can't stay I've tried anything.  

But let's be honest - I don't come here for the food or drinks.  I come because the space upstairs is awesome and I love being so close to bands I really love.  Now to refresh my memory and give you a taste of who I've seen there..... the roster is as follows:  Fuyiya & Miyagi, Headlights, Caribou, Fleet Foxes, & the Rosebuds.  

Oh yeah and one warning:  their shows always start really late & there's generally a fairly large gap between the opener and main act (not that that's unusual around Philly).
This is a review for the upstairs music venue only. 

This spot is a bar/restaurant on the first floor and a music venue on the 2nd/3rd floor. 

Just saw Rufus du Sol there last night and not only did they blow me away, this venue was so surreal. It is so intimate that anywhere you stand, you are basically on stage with whoever is performing. 

The 2nd floor is where the stage is and the upstairs is just a small bar and balcony with a few hightop tables. I scooped up a stool up there and hit up the far corner so I had clear view of the stage right below and I could not have had a better spot in the house. 

They also had a great cider and wine list. Score. 

Seriously if you are interested in someone playing here, GO! You will NOT be disappointed.
So seriously, I am just going to rent space in that back booth and move in, because it's officially official - this is my favorite place in the entire city of Philadelphia. 

I've now come here for the food (lasagna...yum...I think they put nutmeg in it!), the beer (great selection, always makes me happy), shows (The Kills and The Ting Tings, and they both blew me away - I prefer the balcony view but the floor is just dandy, too), the people (I almost always see someone I know here and it's been the home of a fun UYE) and as of yesterday, I plugged my computer in at a table and did some work there. So they have taken care of all of my social, business and nutritional needs. 

And yes, beer belongs in all of those categories. Just sayin'.

Oh yeah -their staff is awesome, and those bathrooms are super clean. Hurrah for Johnny Brenda's. I would be much sadder if it didn't exist. And nobody wants that, right?
Q: How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb? 
A: It's an obscure number, you've probably never heard of it. 

I should say right away that the food at Johnny Brenda's was great. I've got no problem with the burger and fries I had there this afternoon. 

I do have a problem with lousy service. And today that's exactly what I got.

I was meeting friends for lunch. The three of us sat outside, and I'm not quite sure what we did to anger the young girl that eventually waited on us, but I imagine it had something to do with the three of us not being AC Neuman or Win Butler or Kurt Vile. We were clearly the least cool people in the place. Although, it being lunchtime and a Tuesday, for a while we were the only people there. 

I hope whoever you are, you're reading this, in the office before your shift, or on your iPhone, or in the bathroom in between lines. You, with the ponytail and the ironic Redskins shirt. I'm a server. I would never berate a customer for not knowing the menu, or ignore them for long periods of time, or clear half the table at a time, or basically anything you did when you waited on us. Please understand the first rule of any service industry job: People forget bad food, but they NEVER forget bad service.
I came here to see one of my favorite bands, Little Dragon, perform on 23 Mar 10. I had never been here before, and was hoping for an intimate-type venue to see them perform. I could not have been more pleased... well, unless Yukimi Nagano pointed me out as she sang "Forever."  I think I did catch her eye for like 10 seconds though, and possibly a wink as well. I just wanted to go up on stage and hug her until she disappeared into my chest and arms. 

Anyway, the show was only $12 ($5 cheaper than the two spots she was playing in NY) and i was able to prepay via Ticketfly.com using the will call online earlier in the day. I drove out that night and missed the opening act, but I got what I came for. Johnny Brenda's is right on the corner of Frankford and Girard - so easy to find. Finding parking in the area was pretty easy as well. I parked about a block away on the street, and I saw others that parked in a seemingly free lot right up the block on Frankford as well.

So I walk in the joint (there is wheelchair access) and am on the upper level, where there is a bar (maybe a pool table?) but this isn't the music venue area. so I take a walk down the steps and see a sign on the wall telling the time of the performances. I round the corner where the guy takes your money, tell him I'm on will call, he looks up my name, stamps me in. Actually a nice dude. I walk in, nice spot, all old wood, a lot of old school charm. I was thinking it would be a shame if they ever tore this spot down, it feels like it has a lot of history. I was also thinking I'd love to live here, but I'm kinda weird nostalgic .
 
So, I walk through, past the bar, to the small room with a little stage. I was loving it already. I was so comfortably close to the stage, and Yukimi's awesome vibe, I may or may not have gotten a li'l choked up... Anyway, there is a balcony that wraps all the way around the stage. I didn't go up there, but I'm sure it feels like you could almost reach out and touch the performers. 

I would come here to see any performer I loved, and recommend the same to anyone else. 

I ordered a Long Island Ice Tea - $8 and pretty weak. That's my only negative.

So, if you see someone you love performing here, and you can get here, then get here. You won't regret it.
My favorite place to see bands in Philadelphia. Perfect sized venue with great balcony area that puts you almost over the stage you are so close. All the food I've tried here has been great, and like any great live music venue, lots of beer. There is a Pool table downstairs, and a photobooth tucked away in the back upstairs. Great neighborhood hangout worth coming back to. You know it's good when people start advertising apartments on Craigslist as "Close proximity to Johnny Brenda's".
Note to self: must spend more time here. I can't believe I just got my butt down here for the first time recently, because this is EXACTLY the kind of place I dig. There's a fantastic local beer selection, awesome bartenders and yummy food (falafel? yes!). And, of course, there is the sweet, sweet music...but that's already been covered. The jukebox was ideal and I can't wait to check out a show.

Parking was really tricky on a Wednesday afternoon (thank you, gentrification) but worth the schlep...in fact, I am going back this week just so I can experience these super clean bathrooms that everyone else here is raving about. 

Beer first, though. Always beer first.
I have a  great time every time I come here.  Downstairs is great for  chilling with a few beers  between friends (love the color-changing lights embedded in the tables, ditto for the pool tables) and upstairs has one of the most kickass setups for shows in Philly.   Every show I've seen here has been pretty epic.

The bartenders are friendly and attentive.  The beer selection is pretty good, and the food is excellent.  Try the eggplant sandwich!
One of my favorite neighborhood haunts. 

Fantastic rotating beer menu. Excellent, informed, attentive service every time I go. Tasty, well-prepared food. 

Try their head cheese, it's exquisite (when's the last time you saw head cheese on a menu?).

And while I rarely get out to see shows, JB's upstairs is a great venue as well.
Johnny Brenda's rocks.

This large, multilevel venue hosts live music acts, several bars, and a restaurant. The upper floors provide a fantastic, unobstructed view of the stage. This place has a dining room, streetside seating, and pool tables - it's hard not to like their hip jeans-and-t-shirt atmosphere.

Friends and I had tickets to see Battles. The show was sold out and it was a full house. While we waited to be let upstairs, we shared a plate of oysters which weren't the coldest, but the sauce was perfect. (Their menu changes often: I saw finger foods and larger entrees. Hungry? There's plenty of time to order; their kitchen closes at 1 AM.)

Four bartenders helped us that evening:
- the first seemed impatient, as if she had a big ol' stick up her butt. When I asked for shots of "anything creative", she wasn't receptive, insisting I pick something. I said "kamikazes", and thankfully she made the smoothest I've had in awhile.
- the second bartender was okay. I requested the strongest liquor they had, and with a little uncertainty, she came back with shots of Wild Turkey.
- third time's a charm! Aileen was friendly, smiled, and (after asking for creative shots) made us a delicious concoction involving Crown Royal, Myers, Malibu rum, and pineapple juice. Best of all, she gave me faith that not all the bartenders here were duds.
- Anne was welcoming, getting us shots of Jagermeister without issue.

The show itself was an experience. I enjoyed Thank You's - the opener, from Baltimore - trippy tunes, thanks to the venue's powerful, almost overwhelming, acoustics. I liked their music but the crowd seemed polite, at best. (C'mon Philly, show some love!) More enthusiasm was shown for Battles, everyone rocking to the beat. The band's cool sound guy, Paul, did his job! (Talking to a few patrons, a guy in the restroom said he was so excited he wasn't going to clean his hands - he didn't - while another said the band was "amazing times infinity".)
A very cool.place and for me a prized institution in the Kensington/Port Richmond neighborhoods of Philadelphia. Great beers and a great vibe, plus downstairs has live bands.

I definitely recommend a visit to this establishment, grab a beer at the bar and watch the world slowly rotate. 

Service is always good, prompt, friendly, and professional. This, as I have kind if hinted at, is a great hangout in the northeastern part of Philadelphia. I strongly and most definitely recommend a visit here. One visit and you will be convinced of this simple truth and will be a fan of this establishment.
Not just a place to go to see a show. The food here rocks as hard as the music. I don't think there is much to say that hasn't already been said, but the babba ganoush was on special when I was last at JB's. and it was fantastic. We split a bunch of apps, including the Grilled Octopus which was also delicious.

You really can't go wrong with the food, beer, and vibe here. Hipsters are in abundance, but there is a pool table. And they can always be scared away by some friendly conversation, rather than mindless competitive rambling about the most obscure Smith's record.

Just dont ask for a menu and look like a noob, its on the wall.
I feel a little sacrilege in the Philly scene not giving Johnny Brenda's heaping praise. It's not bad and I admire what they do from a music and local beer scene, but it's just not topping the charts in experiences for me.

I've popped in several times over the years. While the beers are local, there are no standouts personal. But again, kudos for supporting the scene. On the plus, drinks were reasonable-about six and change for a local craft, which is great for a concert!

Recently I saw my first concert there- Good Old War. I purchased my ticket online through Ticketfly and they were all will-call. They just asked my name and checked a list without looking at my ID. We didn't have a problem, but that system makes me nervous because the event (with a list of names) was posted on Facebook.

The show was sold out and the place was packed. The set up reminded me of World Cafe Live but 1/8th the size. Unfortunately, we rolled up after the first two bands so couldn't get front row. The balcony level gave a good view but only if you were up against the upstairs rail. We ended up with a good view of the stairs. It got so hot! I'm glad we weren't in the heart of the crowd. The sound was great from the stairs and it was still an intimate enough experience.

The price is right when compared to the city's bigger venues, but I would just prefer some of the space and ticket amenities. I'd go back for the right band and for a drink pop in if I'm not allured by some of the gems down the street.
Based on my one and only experience at Johnny Brenda's for brunch, it was certainly a-ok in my book. My foursome arrived in a somewhat bleary-eyed state after some drinks the previous evening. We set forth ordering bloody marys from our server, who seemed pretty busy at first between several tables but in the end was able to handle our table with ease. Said bloodies were great.

Two of us went for the chicken pita, which came with lettuce, tomato, yogurt dressing and feta cheese. The components of the pita were all really good, but we agreed that the pita itself was too thick and seemed to mask a lot of the flavor from the ingredients. The side salad I also ordered was delish, with slices of radish and a nice, light vinaigrette. A side of fries was quickly devoured from all four sides, with everyone concluding that they were some of the best fries in the city. I'd love to come back next time I have a day planned in Fishtown.
Ok, Johnny Brendas. I go here fairly often.

The first floor bar is long. Ample number of tables in the back too. Lots of oddities adorn the wall and counter behind the bar. Stools are ragged and torn. Two pool tables take up a good bit of the first floor. 

Come summer, the outdoor seating is great. I enjoy watching the occasional el train go by and the hustle and bustle of Frankford & Girard. (The Girard Ave el stop is a hop, skip & jump away, another plus.)

Under the same ownership as Standard Tap, you will find strong similarities between the food & beer menus. The waitstaff are also very cordial and attentive, like at the Tap. Really tough to say one is "better" than the other. It really depends on you and what you're after on any given outing. A total "eye of the beholder" - type thing. 

The one thing JBs has that ST doesn't is a steady flow of live music on their second floor. I love going to see shows there. Since it is a little more rocking than it's sister bar to the south, does it attract a younger crowd you might ask? Well maybe, but it doesn't really matter. It's not a clubby, dancey, pukey, pretensey kind of young. It's more of a laid-back, chill vibe than anything else and that always crosses age barriers.

It's hard not to feel comfortable at JBs. It's gritty, but charming. If you want to let your hair down yet still require the quality of food and beer that comes with a top notch gastropub, this is the place to be.

My advice: Keep an eye on their band schedule and go see a show there!
Went there once and I think it was just ok.
If you are already there then get the Jb Burger. It was good, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.

Two and half Yelps.
If I could marry a bar, this place would be it. Cool, fun, good sense of humor, this place has it all. 

I've seen a couple shows here (Dan Deacon last year), and it's always been a great time. Nice and close to the El, and a great crowd. The upstairs (show area) is probably my all-time favorite show venue.

Johnny Brenda's alone makes me want to move back to Philly.
Fishtown's sorta out of the way, so I never really made it out there for any of the shows; until I saw Pissed Jeans was playing (amazing live).
I'm really glad I made the trek out there.
I showed up early so I sat at the bar for a while. They have a really nice selection of beers (but no PBR!) and food. The place is surprisingly big, with table seating towards the back. The bartenders were all really sweet and cute, too. Johnny Brenda's also has THE CLEANEST BAR BATHROOM I HAVE EVER PEED IN! So happy. Check out the jukebox, it will not disappoint. 

The venue upstairs was the absolute best. It's very cozy and intimate. The stage is just big enough to fit a 4 piece band and only stands about 3 feet high. There's another small bar upstairs with some very heavy handed bartenders so beware. The sound was phenomenal.  Everything sounded clean and perfect. I could actually hear the singer over the instruments. I went to bed that night without horrible ringing in my ears.
I usually avoid R5 shows nowadays since the average age of the crowd is 16, but this place has rekindled my love for live music.
Awesome place that lacks the douche-baggery that some other bars carry.
(But let's keep it that way, ok?)
After being by Johnny Brenda's for years, today was the day we stopped in. I regret that decision! This review is solely based on the food. We arrived around 1:00 for lunch and it was dead. We sat in the back of the restaurant and were greeted immediately. The service was good, she was pleasant.

First off the menu is very small and limited. We were surprised by that being in fishtown. My wife went with the  vegan kale salad. I went with the turkey sausage. The kale salad was mediocre at best. The portion was extremely small and we added steak to it, $15.00 was a pure ripoff. The pretzel roll was the best part of my sandwich. The turkey was beyond dry, borderline inedible. I only ate a small portion of it. The potato salad was also extremely overdressed. 

We left very unhappy. $40.00 on a lunch that we could have gotten from a diner. We will not be back.
Johnny Brenda's is an awesome place.  It's a cool pub with good food and beer ... and upstairs it is an excellent bi-level music venue.  In fact with the sad passing this year of Dobb's and the North Star on the Philly rock music scene, Johnny Brenda's emerges as perhaps the best smaller venue for live music in Philly.  These days it is pretty cold in Philly but it was warm in Brenda's. I grabbed one of their several brews on draught and headed upstairs to listen to the music.  Tonight one of my very favorite indie bands was playing - Hey Marseilles.  They knocked the ball out of the park with their music set.  Indeed, hearing Hey Marseilles play tonight at Johnny Brenda's made me glad I am still in Philly!
What a rockin' venue! I went here last night to see a show and was really pleasantly surprised by this place. The bartenders were really nice. I always love places that serve local beer so I was super happy the the selection. I liked the old school theatre feeling and liked being on the less crowded top floor looking down to the bands (also a great vantage point for people watching). Very fairly priced too!
Can't go wrong with Johnny Brenda's. It's comfy. Good food, good beer.
Got the octopus last night and it was yummy. Then had the frank and beans which were really good. They said the frank was made in house, that's always a bonus.
Relaxed dive bar with so little grunge that it's semi-hipster. There wasn't a performance happening the night we went, so I can't judge from my observations how good/bad a venue this place makes. It was packed to the gills between the bar and the pool tables, yet people still managed to make some space for themselves to rock out to the background music. Props to the mellow pool players; if that had been me, I'm sure I would've ended up taking out someones eyes or biscuits with a pool cue. The only thing to ward me off from this place so far is the crowd. And dammit, how did I miss the photobooth? A missed chu opportunity.
All you music lovers this is the best place!
Old school venue but amazing!
I love the interior with soft lighting and barrel decorations. 

I was a little annoyed when I asked for a cocktail and wine list and was told they were on the chalkboard. 1. I have terrible vision. 2. I walked over and would have to get too close to other diners to read the list so I gave up and ordered a beer instead. Fortunately, they had a printed beer list. The waitress wasn't too much help and wasn't around much - it was a Saturday evening.

I went with the JB burger and it was reminiscent of a whopper the taste of the burger and the sauce. That is not a terrible thing but generally when I dine out I don't want my food to be comparable to fast food. The burger was large, the cheese was great quality, and the bread was nice and firm (maybe it was toasted?) I am obssessed with crispy french fries mostly because I love drowning them in ketchup and the crispy ones are still easy to pick up. These were all crispy shoestringish french fries :).

The menu was very small. A pet peeve of mine is a huge menu but I like to be able to have a nice selection. Overall, Johnny Brenda's I give you 3.5.
Johnny Brenda's is my favorite bar venue in the whole Philadelphia/NYC Metro area.  This place has great food and (local) beers, as well as restrooms you don't need to be afraid to (if the situation arises) poop in.  The area isn't sketchy and parking is plentiful.

R5 Productions often books their over 21 shows here, so JBs gets extra props for that.  The venue area (upstairs) also has a great balcony (with bar).  The venue is roughly the same capacity as the North Star Bar.  JBs hosts artists and bands that could easily sell out much larger venues in NYC.
Chocolate chip bread pudding, peach pie, fresh melon, doughnuts. Sounds simple enough but ordering dessert at J.B.'s never is. The pastry chef is simply an artist. Some sort of rustic French flour wizard. Delicate presentation, just the right amount of drizzle as to not overwhelm the dessert. And always a little side pairing, like a dollop of homemade ice cream which activates and compliments your taste buds. 
So very thoughtful.
One of the best places in Philly.  JB's offers plenty of local and delicious food and beers.  I've had plenty of dinners / snacks here in the past, ranging from seafood dishes to falafel pitas.  Upstairs is home to a venue which has yielded most of my finest concert memories.  The themed brunches are pretty wonderful, offering some solid eggs benedict and bloody marys to start off the day.  Oh and also, not having to deal with convenient ticketmaster convenience charges of $25 being tacked onto your $15 JB's concert ticket fee is a huge plus.
This is one of my favorite places to eat whenever I'm craving non-Asian food.

My two favorite items by far are the hummus dish (an excess amount of toasty warm pita bread triangles with a HUGE amount of delicious hummus, plus olives - all for $5)... and the asparagus appetizer (again, a large portion of roasted asparagus drizzled with olive oil and seasoning - for $5).  These two items alone are enough to put down any one eater.  One time I got the meatloaf only to find out it was vegetarian.  Not a problem really... but the eggplant became a bit too much at the end.

I've never seen a show here though, nor have I even been upstairs.  I tend to not really care about the bands that come through here.  I don't listen to too much ''hip'' music.  But I know Witch and Graveyard came through Johnny Brenda's last year, and I really wish I saw them.  Oh well.

The downstairs booths are great, what with their glowing table lights and tiny box windows.  And the downstairs men's bathroom has always been sparkling clean and completely unlike what you'd expect - a nice touch.

The beer selection is fairly deep.  Prices are average-to-high.  People like to rave about the Lionshead here, but... I'm from the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre valley.  And I'll tell you folks, Lionshead doesn't have much going for it (unless of course you like going to the bathroom every half hour), except that it's cheap.  I guess that's why people here like it.

The best way to get here from center city is to take the EL eastbound to the Girard stop.  It's only a block or so walk from there.  Just be careful if you're planning on using SEPTA as a way back, as the last westbound train leaving Girard is usually about 12:16 AM.  So plan around that, or take a cab.
meh.  I really like johnny brendas and I kneeewww there was a reason that I hadn't sat at a table there in a long table - simply because it ALWAYS sucks.  

I couldn't avoid sitting at a booth there last week because I was with 5 of my good friends...sitting at the bar on a friday night when you all want to eat just doesn't work....to crowded and you really can't talk to each other.  Without getting into details (If you want some good ones read abigail "rabbit rabbit" l.'s review) service was very slow and generally not good(semi rude).  I'm not dissing all the waitresses there though, there are some good ones and the bartenders are pretty awesome...but somehow I always get stuck with the poor performing waitresses.  

You lose a star this time JB's!  sorry.  I still like your beers and your atmosphere, but you really need to step it up a little.  I'm not a hard person to please, I worked in food service for years so I totally understand its a hard job but its not that hard to stay pleasant 90% of the time and do a semi decent job.
I like to believe I live a rock'n'roll lifestyle. It's places like this that keep fueling this fantasy life. But I'll get to that later.

There is really great food here. And it is relatively cheap. Take, as case in point, my experience last night: I got a nice little sandwich and a beer before the show I went to see and it was only $10.80. Also, it arrived really fast, and the bartender that served it was really sweet. It honestly makes me wish I lived closer to go more often and get every damn thing on the constantly changing menu. 

Back to the rock lifestyle. This is a dope place to watch a show. The room isn't that large, so it's intimate, without being cramped. I've enjoyed shows on the main level as well as the balcony, and I must admit, I think the balcony makes me feel like I am at the back room at Max's Kansas City circa 1972. I am probably totally wrong about that, but this is my fantasy world, people. I'll just keep dreaming and rocking out.
Upon reading Kristin G's ROTD (and then abigail l's, per her recommendation), I feel the need to re-review JB's.

LOSE THE ATTITUDE, some of you. I hatehatehateHATE to order from the bar downstairs. 4 out of 5 times, I get the bitchy bartenders. One of them actually said to me "What do you want?" with a sigh, like I was bothering her. I want a g-d beer, that's what I want. 

And yes, there are some fantastic bartenders (one of them I think was in an acting class with me). A+ to you, nice bartenders, keep up the good work. 

I, like many others on Yelp, have worked in the food service industry. Yes, it kind of sucks, but TIPS PAY YOU. I won't tip you well if you don't treat me well.
My favorite place for music. they always get great bands, and great food and an awesome beer selection. I love that they never over sell show's, i've been to a few sold out gigs, and i never felt cramped and or crowded, although it can get a little hot. I must say that the crowd that this place atracts is cool too, no pretense, just cool people looking for good music and good times.

The sound system is really great here too!!!!
I'm going to admit I haven't been to the venue (and I heard its fabulous) so I'm writing based on my bar experience.  I absolutely love the crowd, atmosphere, and feeling of this place.  Based on this alone, I would be here every night of the week.

Unfortunately what knocks this place down for me is the UNBEARABLY SLOW bar service.  You could be standing at the bar for what feels like FOREVER for what feels like the weakest drink you have purchased, from a less than friendly woman.  

Because of this, patronizing Johnny Brenda's is surely a chore for me.
OK folks, after seeing the West Philly Orchestra at Johnny Brendas on Saturday night, I feel like Billy Maze describing it. Johnny Brendas is a can do it all product, which can handle all of your going out needs. 
Need a place for mid afternoon snack or lunch? have the cubano, or the burger, but I suggest the cubano. Great sandwich, cold beer, and a cool juke box, what more can you ask for. But wait, there's more. Johnny Brendas is a full on corner bar, with outside seating and a pool table( did i mention the jukebox) any night of the week a great place to sink more than a couple. Did i mention that it's a music venue? Well, it is. It actually is the best music venue in Philadelphia. Clear sound ,good sight lines, and a bar on both dance and balcony floor. Great mix of musical styles booked there. Get on their mailing list, they will send you a weekly schedule of bands with description of each act. You are probably saying to yourself, well that's great but sometimes i would rather just have a fine meal, and need to go to old city or somewhere. no my friends, the dinner entrees at JB are a treat in themselves. My duck breast in a wine and cherry reduction served with fresh green beans and gratin potato's was flawless. i would have expected to pay 10 dollars more for such a meal. 
if you act now, your Jb experience comes with easy to get street parking, absolutely free! drink eat or dance, you must act now!
Johnny Brenda's looks like a place for Yelpers. 

While waiting to mosey over to The M Room for my boyfriend's show, a group of us posted up at Johnny Brenda's for food and beer. I enjoyed a very potent diet soda and my boyfriend's sister-in-law and I split a fennel & pear salad and a falafel sandwich. Both were delightful. There could have been more of that tasty cheese and almond slivers on the salad, but it was good, anyway. The falafel sandwich was light, with cute little falafels that were still flavorful and present. Hooray. 

I like the general ambiance, the service was friendly and relaxed, I liked our table with the lights in it, and the coasters they are currently using where you stick your finger through a hole in it, so it looks like a fat guys pepé (needs to be seen to be believed) was a big hit.
The upstairs music venue is a GREAT spot to see a show. 5 stars easy. Sound quality is exceptional and they treat the musicans with respect which will always translate to a good performance. The space itself is intimate and cozy. The upper balcony gives the audience a unique perspective. 

The Bar/restaurant is also good. They get props for being one of the first of its kind in Fishtown. Always a good selection of local beers and food is always solid. The Gospel brunch on 2nd Sundays is always a good time!
Johnny Brenda's puts the fish in Fishtown. On a cool summer night, we celebrated the coming of fall by starting with an autumn beer. After reading the shared outdoor menu, I went with the Fishtown Stew. With a higher than average price tag for this local hangout, my expectations were high. 

Worth every dollar-Steamed clams, mussels, scallops and shrimp over a bed of linguini topped with a fresh tomato sauce. We nearly licked the plate. 

When out to you next visit, go for the gusto and order an exceptional beer and a unique item on the menu- you won't regret it and lifes too short to not enjoy it!
I've been attending gigs locally since 1981, and by far this is my current favorite location to not only catch some great local/national musical talents, but for the friendly crowd, perpetually rotating home  brewed ales, and friendly servers. Ah yes, the downside, the place is small, which means a gig can, and often does sell out. Being trapped in a small, crowded bar at a sold out gig there is not fun for me, but U make due for a great gig!!! Naturally when the place is crowded, the bar service will inevitably be reduced, so..be patient..or if you are that much of a drunkard, head downstairs to grab a few beers and bring them back upstairs with you (yes, it is allowed).     

   The sound at JB's is state-of-the-art. The multicolored digital lighting's back drop and stage lights are second to none in the city's small club venues. This place is a must play concert venue in Philly. I have yet to experience the first floor food, but it looks and smells appetizing.  Give it a go. There is plenty of nearby free parking, and the area has become very safe over the past few years.
This place is deserving of an update.  Went last night for the happy hour, and I was not disappointed.  Though I didn't get too crazy on the beers - I went for the cheap Reading Premium - I had an AMAZING eggplant sandwich.  Perfectly breaded and fried, with mozzarella, marinara, and between two thick slices of ciabatta bread.  Don't forget a heaping serving of fries - for all of 8 bucks.  Amazing.

I also tried a bite of Carrie E's lasagna - who knew it could be amazing here?  Oh, it most definitely was.

I'll echo Emily P's sentiments that the servers/bartenders.  They recently expanded the downstairs, which is great - the new back room has a huge window overlooking East Girard.  Perfect views of the epic thunderstorms that hit Philly last night.

Shows are amazing upstairs - the venue is aesthetically and acoustically out of this world.  Even sub-par opening acts sound like critically acclaimed bands in the space.

You can't go wrong here.  All the more reason to hang out in Fishtown more.
Reasons to love JBs:
1. one of the only bars that still charges $3 for Kenzinger
2. the burger. BEST burger in Philly. OMG, that burger
3. great venue on the 2nd floor for live music

I live really close so I come here pretty frequently. Great food, great beer... they also got paper menus pretty recently so you no longer have to strain your eyes looking at the chalkboard to see the menu. Really nothing to complain about.
Oh, Johnny, you're more like Cybil with the amount of personalities you have. Are you a bar? A music venue? A dining room? Why, you're all of the above!

Where else can you wander in Philadelphia  (past Palmer Ave. mind you) and either get (blue) oyster (cult) specials, creme brulee OR chili cheese fries? They also had a good array of Central Coast vino to offer during happy hour, but I really fell for their triple on tap. Fancy glass included.

I sat there with Joe B. who was looking all dapper and tan at the bar. We had made our way through the Philly streets looking for something to do before a rehearsal dinner for his niece's wedding (second niece, second wedding a year later, see his review).

I sat on the bar stool and looked around me. It was about 3pm on a hot and sweaty afternoon. The boys in the kitchen had a hankering for classic rock it seemed.

Coming from CT, every radio station was either classic rock or top 40. My friends and I were of the classic rock ilk. I mean, my 7th grade talent show included at least 3 recitals of Stairway to Heaven by boys with guitars. I can tell the sort of crowd I'm hanging with by the first few songs.

I guessed nearly every next song on the jukebox...amazing Mr. B.
From the Stones, to the Who, to a nice round of the Beatles and even some Floyd, it was an afternoon of classics, drinkin' beer and people watching. 

I have yet to see the upstairs, but I feel if I get back to Philly, I'll be going back to Johnny's.
A fun place to hang out on a weekend or weeknight downstairs at the bar or at a table, but a GREAT place to see a band perform. From the outside of this place, you wouldn't guess the gem that it is inside. The downstairs has a nice long bar with a few booths  adorned with cool table lights that change colors every few seconds. The back has a bunch of tables where you can linger over drinks or have a meal. The menu changes, but all my friends rave about the raw bar, which is 1/2 off during happy hour.

The best way to experience JB's is to see a show upstairs. They get a lot of good indie bands and the upstairs is very interesting looking. There is a decent sized bar in one room and then standing room by the small stage. But the best part by far is the balcony a level above. It affords great views of the show and if you're lucky you can stake out a spot here or if the stars align you can even get one of a handful of seats and plant yourself in front of the balcony. 

If you've never hung out in Fishtown, head over to JB's early on a Friday after work and sit back and enjoy or check out one of the bands playing here on a weeknight. It's hipster and non-hipster heaven.
My first time going to JB's was on Cinco De Mayo. My friend who lives in the neighborhood has always raved about it, and after trying El Camino Real which was 1.5 hr wait, we decided to try our luck at JB's having some margaritas.

At first glance I noticed a great loungy/cozy atmosphere with interesting detailing in the decor. I instantly felt comfortable and even more so when noticing the eclectic crowd. I'm an artist so I appreciate all different walks of life. To our surprise they had a special menu for Cinco De Mayo with everything from Sopas to cactus salad, and papaya margaritas!!! Everything was delicious, especially for JB's not being a mexican restaraunt. The prices were fair and we were well tended to. The waitress we had just reeked of cool and calm awesomeness. She made great suggestions and was very down to earth and patient.

Somehow I have lived in Philly for 5 years and never seen a show here, which now I can't believe what I've been missing out on. My friend and I almost stayed to see the band that was playing (we had never heard of them), because we were having so much fun we didn't want to leave. We ended up deciding to just relax afterwards, but I'm sure to be back soon!

If you are looking for a cool, fun environment, in an up and coming part of the city, where you can kick back and enjoy your company and the atmosphere-this is the place to go. As Fishtown becomes more and more desirable a place to move to for young, interesting, people and families, I truly hope JB's stays the way it's. Get there while it's still a local gem!
Okaaaayyyy you win, JB's.

I come here too often to still dislike it. I haven't sat at the bar in ages, and the waitstaff is usually really nice. 

Plus, they STILL have Dogfish Head's Chicory stout on tap, and that stuff is supposed to be out of season. Mmm.

Edit:
I have seen a few shows here. Just an update for those wondering.
Johnny Brendas is just a short rail commute out of the city to Fishtown. This little town reminded me so much of a hip/urban area I have here in Tampa called Seminole Heights. 

Johnny Brendas came recommended by several bartenders in the city as a really cool place to hang out. They were right. You've got a pool table, long bar, a record player, raw bar, brunch menu and full liquor bar with great beer options too. This, to me, seems like a locals hangout which I loved. 

They were playing 70s and 80s records, while I enjoyed nicely shucked mixture of raw oysters. My husband and I enjoyed a few brews and a shot (or 2). The bartenders were great, very friendly. I could have stayed there all day. Alas we needed to move on to he next location before getting back to the city for our flight. 

Been there, done that, liked it so much I purchased a t shirt :)
Drinks and atmosphere review only.

After dinner down the street at a BYOB, I needed an after dinner bourbon (or two) and loved the energy JB's carried through the glass out to the sidewalk where I looked in.

The beer selection looked OK, but as I said I need a bourbon.  Got a popular and decent one.  Service was unavailable for 10 minutes plus when we got there, but picked up and was good the rest of our time there.  The crowd was young, I am not, but I fit right in because I think young, unlike that ancient, aged friend of mine.  ;)

The barstools were torn, the decor was as dated as my friend, like they haven't spruced it up in there in 30 years.  But overall, an A-OK hangout.
Johnny Brenda's is/was so far ahead of it's time... I can't think that far back.
About 6 years ago, 2 friends of mine got bartending gigs here.
At that time it was a small/medium sized room with a kitchen in the back.
This was a number of years before the renovation of girard ave and 2nd street.
The owners of this restaurant/bar/venue may be 2 of the most intelligent people in the biz.
Slowly but surely they expanded the main room, added a "back" bar, a handicap bathroom...and as time progressed, a live music venue upstairs.
I was lucky enough to land a job bartending here for a number of years and witnessed the day in/day out creation of the venue.
It was remarkable to see the care and craftmanship that went into it's design, layout, and so on.
I've been fortunate enough to perform on the stage and also throw some dj parties here.
During my time as a bartender, I found the reviews of the various all draft selection of beers and food to always receive rave reviews from the customer base, and I back those reviews personally as well.
Johnny Brenda's is becoming a landmark destination for, I believe, the city of Philadelphia, and possibly the entire country...very similar to what JC Dobbs was throughout the 80s and into the early 90s.
This is an establishment that TRUELY was, and still is, groundbreaking.
Johnny Brenda's is one of my favorite music venues in the city. It's intimate, the drinks are relatively inexpensive, and the crowd is always great. I've seen countless shows here over the years, all under $25! While I've never eaten here, my best friend endorses that it has some of the most underrated eats in the city. I'll definitely be back for more shows, beer, and food in the future!
This is definitely my favorite music venue / bar in all of Philadelphia, bar none!  I don't live anywhere near here, but it feels like my neighborhood place.  I want to move to fishtown so I can walk here!

The food is good (what I've had so far), the beer also, and the musical venue upstairs has unbelievable acoustics. It's intimate and can accommodate a variety of different acts.  They don't blow out your eardrums either, so you can actually still hear when you go home.  There's al fresco dining, and I'm a fan of most places with outdoor dining.

It's a totally comfortable place, welcoming of all people.  It might seem to cater to hipsters, but really, a nerd like me can even have fun there.
Are you a shittastic waitress with attitude?  Have you been fired from multiple waitressing jobs?  Apply for a job at Johnny Brenda's- apparently these are the prerequisites for hiring.  UGH!!!! 

So why three stars? 
a. It's close to my house
b. I like the feel and look of the place
c. A few bartenders are pretty awesome
d. The shows here are amazing, I wish I could review the upstairs separately. 

Now let's get down to why I hate it here: the dining area.  I'm not sure that I have ever had a good experience here in the four or so years I've been going but JB's proximity to my house has caused to me to continue trying.  This past Friday was the last straw.  I was hungry and meeting my husband for an after work beer.  It had been a while since we'd eaten here so the memories of shitty service were repressed and buried deep down in my brain.    A few of our friends met us and we were seated in a booth- much to my friend Kelly's dismay as she prefers to sit and eat at the bar, a mantra I will now follow.  

We sat and ordered a second round of drinks.  My husband ordered a second Kenzinger.  It came and he tasted it proclaiming it did not taste like a Kenzinger or it tasted like the lines were dirty.  A friend at the table tasted it and agreed.  When our waitress returned he let her know and she argued with him that Kenzinger tastes bad, asking had he ever had one before.  We explained that he ordered one at the lower bar and it tasted fine (and that he likes Kenzinger and maybe you shouldn't talk shit on a local beer that  you serve in your bar asshole)  but since this beer came from the upper bar that maybe the lines were dirty or something else was off.  She kept arguing with him even questioning if his first order had been a Lionshead and not a Kenzinger before she finally took it away and got him something different.   WHY ARGUE?!? What point are you proving here? Just shut the eff up and take it back.  Seriously it's like they train people to be shitty servers here.  

So on to the food- it was fine but hot damn if it's not expensive and lacking in portion size and taste for the prices.  The menu seems to have expanded lately, which makes me really happy save for the fact that the prices are a little ridiculous.  The sides board lists collard greens, brussels sprouts and spinach for $5.50 each.  What? I was half  tempted to order one just to see the portion size.  I opted for the vegetable focaccia.  It was good, with goat cheese, roasted peppers, eggplant and squash.  It was also a pretty big portion for $7.  I also ordered the smashed potatoes- very tasty.  I got pretty lucky with my crazy people dinner.  My husband had an $8 grilled cheese- nothing special and it was served with a tiny little portion of potato chips.  The menu is written on a chalk board so there are no explanations for any of the food.  I kind of hate this a lot.  I know it's better for the environment and it's easy to erase or add something from a board but I just hate that I am required to speak to the wait staff any more than necessary.  

Ok so to top off our awesome experience my friend ordered dessert to go.  She opted for the hazelnut cheesecake.  It came out in a large tin container along with the check.  We all marveled at it swimming around in the container.  It was, with no exaggeration smaller than a post-it note and it was $5.  We were all "hell no" and once the waitress returned we requested it be taken back and off of the bill.  Another argument ensued.  Wow.  The waitress "explained" that the cheesecake was very rich and so the portions were smaller.  My friend held her debit card next to the slice and showed the waitress how the debit card was larger than the slice.   I have no idea how you even get a slice of cheesecake to be that small, seriously, how does one cut a slice so small? Or was it made in a teeny tiny spring form pan? 

So in summation (sorry it was so long but I do love to bitch!) go here for a pint, upstairs for a show with gorgeous sound or food at the bar only unless you're in the mood for an argument.
After way, way, way too long, I finally attended a show at Johnny Brenda's. 

I was in semi-retirement from seeing bands in small clubs, mostly because I spent many a year (and many a dollar...and many, many a brain cell) seeing bands at The Khyber, The Upstage, The Balcony, North Star, and wherever the hell else. Just burned myself out entirely. Time passes, reality returns, and a band I have wanted to see for years (Zombi) is playing at Johnny Brenda's. So I reach deep into the closet, find my rock shoes, and get back on the horse.

JB's is easy to find. Street parking was also easy to find. So far, so good. In many respects it reminds me of The Khyber many years ago. You see, Old City used to be a dump. The Khyber was there, along with a host of other bars/clubs that aren't there anymore. Now Old City sucks, and The Khyber is slowing fading away. Time marches on, and now the whatever-you-want-to-call the neighborhood JB's finds itself in is much like Old City was lo those many years ago. Ok, woah, tangent.

Focus! Ok, I didn't spend much time downstairs at JB's. Mostly enough to find the upstairs. From what I saw it seemed cool enough. Anyway I liked the upstairs portion...large enough bar, friendly people behind said bar, and when I ordered a Sly Fox I was countered with "which Sly Fox"? I bow to you, JB's bar.

I shortly found myself in the balcony, and then dragged a chair right up to the railing in the middle, whereupon I sat for a good long while. I also liked how the up-upstairs bar was in itself a miniature version of the mid-upstairs bar...if I can avoid stairs whilst obtaining tasty draughts then all the better.

The sound in the balcony was pretty good. A bit lean, a bit diffuse, but very good. Sightlines, obviously, were stellar. Better than the North Star, where you were way too close...this was put back a bit. After a while I went downstairs and the sound was way, way better. Much more low end, better imaging. Yes, I am an unrepentant  douchewad. I care about sound.

I haven't been to The Khyber (for reals) in forever, and after going to JB's I know why. JB's is the new Khyber. 

Five stars shall be granted after another visit, or two. I have to check out the jukebox (was one present? I didn't see it). I have to eat something there. I have to check out the sound from different vantage points. Again, the whole douchewad thing. Sorry.
I was casually reading reviews of restaurants i might want to try and came across some not very good reviews of one of my favorite places to hangout and eat. I have been coming to johnny brendas for a couple years now and i have always been pleased with the service. The waitresses have never had attitudes with me and the bartenders are almost always friendly and engaging(although i mostly come in with friends and my husband and we usually sit at a table). We are usually waited on by a girl that used to have black hair but now is a blonde and my husband and i love her and always hope she is there on the nights we come in. We also love the tall blonde who always has a smile on her face(all the other waitresses are great also but these two are our favorites). If this was last year i would only give four stars because the food used to be disappointing  but every time i come in now it seems to get better and better and more impressive. So for these people writing bad reviews you must have really high expectations of fine dining or maybe you are just hard to please but as  far as me and my husband and our many friends we really love this place and the staff so keep up the great work Johnny Brendas and you really deserve the five stars.
Best sound in the city.  JB's sound techs and setup produce the best concert experience there is.  With multiple bars and a gallery overlook area, JB's is a premier concert destination.  Numerous local beers are on tap and rotate through.  They are all reasonably priced.  Super friendly bar staff.   Cheap concert tickets.  Great food served till 1 am.  I have yet to have have a bad experience here and I've been well over 20 times.  Highly recommended.
I used to come to JB's once a week to meet up with a friend. Lately their is a big change in my favorite food items. The Caesar salad is icky. Too much dressing. AND the tacos. The serving used to be 3 tacos  with lettuce and tomato and two types of salsa. Now, they give you two with a side of rice and beans and they are smothered in jalepeno peppers. I like spicy but this is just overbearing. SO.... change back to your old ways JB's or I will have to make myself a new friend.
i saw Pissed Jeans play here a little while ago and i liked the place just fine. good space and a good balcony and lots of good people watching to be had. i don't drink so i don't have any input about the bar, but i do like music and this place is a good bar to see bands play.
Let me preface this by saying only that I LOVE THIS BAR.

With that said, I do not like the food here.  I used to love the sandwiches and shoestring fries, but now it seems that the ciabatta bread is way too dense and hard to balance the sandwich innards, which just get lost.  The fries are not as signature as they used to be.  The desserts were always a bit of a hit or miss for me, but when they had bread pudding a couple of years ago, I was a happy camper.  It was damn exquisite.

What I love here is the beer selection, always local and on draft, and the atmosphere.  Although it's not my favorite food on the planet, you can't fuck with a decent hummus plate to go with those Pale Ales.

And another thing - 3 bucks for a Lionshead?  Come on, man.  The stuff is piss-tastic at best.  I'll stick with whatever's in the 4-5 dolla range.

I still give the place 4 stars, based on just the good times I've had as soon as I've stepped through the door.  For me, Johnny Brenda's exudes the very essence of what a Philly beer bar should aspire to be.  They just need to work on that little detail...you know - the fucking food.
This is one of my favorite places to go and get a bite to eat, grab a drink, and see a show. The service is as good as its going to get at a place where people hang. I'm only giving it four stars because they no longer have the chicken sandwich which was amazing. If your looking for a snack or an appetizer, there pita and hummus is awesome. If your looking for a dessert that is truly "to die for", you can't go wrong with anything you chose whether it be the Apple Crisp or the Chocolate Chip Bread Pudding (my personal favorite.)

If there is one tip I could shout out to the establishment it is "please bring back the Chicken Sandwich ... it was sooo yummy."
I found JB's to be the perfect combo for getting a drink and seeing a live band.  If you are hungry-just go to the downstair area, get their cheeseburger (pretty tasty) and then go upstairs to see a live show.  This place has it right as you can enjoy your food downstairs and actually carry a conversation, without being bombarded by a band.  They also carry Dogfish on tap-a big plus for them.
Damn Johnny Brenda's has been putting on some damn good shows of late. how can you go wrong with anywhere that's backed by the likes of R5 Productions and Flying V Presents? 
And talk about variety of music. the last time I went I saw Make A Rising play a set on the floor (not the stage, the floor!). they were a six piece and played all kinds of instruments - bass, clarinet, trumpet, two drums, guitars, piano, and more. then a solo guitarist came on and played a set that was like a 30 minute song. Finally Gang Gang Dance came out to end the evening, and I can't even get into how cool they sounded.
It also has a reasonably priced variety of beer. and a sweet ass balcony to chill in. I love it! I still need to set foot into the main bar room though.
I've seen Ariel Pink, White Williams, No Age, and a couple others at JB's.  Compared to most venues in the U.S. where the singer is a distant fleck, you can get spit on, sweated on and personally engaged with the performers at JB's given the intimate environs.  It's worth it to buy your tickets very early in order to see shows here, since good groups almost always sell out here.  I still regret missing the Bonde do Role show here in 2007!
I havent been upstairs....YET....but I just had the best burger of my life today at Johnny Brendas. It was medium rare with cheese....lettuce, tomato, ketchup and mustard.....i scraped the aioli stuff off because of my fear of mayonaise.....and if i liked pickles ( i hate them with a passion ) then i would definitely want to eat these......they were thick and juicy lookin---but back to the burger--B & D at home doesnt come CLOSE dude.....I will be back for sure......more burgers and some live shows! Cant wait!!!!!
I love JBs.  Along with it's sister bar, The Standard Tap, it's in my top 5 bars in Philly.  Where else could you down a PBR (or a much better brew), nosh on some gourmet pub fare, shoot a couple games of pool, and see a show all in the same place??
This may be my favorite place to see a show, from the balcony, natch.  It's small and there is not a bad place to be.    I was hesitant to go because it's in FRIGGIN FISHTOWN but now that i see how close it is to the El, and that I don't have to wander too far all over the place, I will go back again and again.
My boyfriend and I went to Johnny Brendas for the first time on a recent Saturday and both of us really loved it! The upstairs venue was every bit as gorgeous as we had heard and the staff was super. Even the door guy who took our money was super friendly and very witty. We watched the show from the upstairs balcony and it was very intimate, right over the stage. They even have a full bar up there, which made things really convenient. We will definitely be back and hope to try the food next time!
This is Fishtown's finest.  An absolutely gorgeous music venue upstairs, and a cool, cozy bar downstairs.  What else do you need?

Haven't been in there since, August?  But the hummus is absolutely wonderful, and the Mako kebabs were ridiculous.  Great selection of beers on tap.
every city should have a music venue this cool.  i really really really love this place, and i get so depressed when acts i want to see get booked into the north star bar or the first unitarian church as opposed to here.  

i should state i've never eaten here.  i'm reviewing this place as a music venue not a restaurant, and i've been there for shows probably somewhere in the neighborhood of 12 times.  i will go see bands i've never heard of, but hear good things about, i love this place so much. 

first - great sound system.  you can hear the band clearly from in front of the stage, up on the balcony, at the bar, and even a bit in the bathrooms - which is great because you can take a pee break and feel like you've missed nothing. 

second - great setup.  love the balcony.  one band i saw there, whose name i am forgetting but they were 5 guys from chicago, totally used the entire venue as their stage which i loved.  they had a trumpet and a trombone, and the musicians using those pieces strolled the audience, making appearances up on the balcony to play down to the crowd below.  it was beautiful.  also on setup & design of the place, the upstairs women's bathroom is a work of art.  i could seriously live in there.  the lighting in the whole venue is gorgeous.  

service is awesome - there's a bar right there, but also roaming waitresses to take your drink order at the less-crowded shows.  and beers are cheap and local.  love it. 

i can't think of any reason not to love this place, other than shows sell out here a lot.
This used to be my favorite bar. 

Seriously... It was every-evening-after-work-sitting-at-the-bar-alone-with-a-book-and-eating-some -scrumdiddlyumptious-fried-shrimp-and-drinking-tasty-brew favorite. 

The food is still really good (though not 5 star good anymore), the drinks are still reasonably priced, and the staff is still nice. But since they added the upstairs, expanded into the building next door and added a brunch, they've become too busy/popular/trendy for their own good. 

It's still a really fun place to go, especially if you like crowded nightclubs filled to the brim with hipsters and indie-rocker wannabes. But I really miss the simple drunken joy of the old JB's.

Oh yeah, the modified Budweiser sign over the juke box made to say "dive bar"  no-longer applies.


EDIT (May 7, 2008):

I just went there last night and found out that the Yard's Philly Pale Ale is now $4.50... that requires me to take away a star. If the rest of Philly starts charging more than $3 for a Yard's, then I will give them their 3 stars back.

Maybe not. I doubt I'm going back (unless an awesome band plays a show there).
I went here for the first time on Saturday to see a show (Jukebox the Ghost).  Great small venue!  Along with Standard Tap (same owners, same decor), Johnny Brenda's is what I love about living in Northern Liberties.  Local crowd, locally grown food, great local beer selection (Victory, Yards, PBC, etc).

The show was fun and I will def go back.  Cover was only $10-$12 so I'm planning on going on a random night to checking out some new music.
I go in and out of Johnny Brendas periods...you know, periods where I go once a week for a couple months and then I just don't go for a really long time...there's really no reason for it. Johnny B's is actually pretty wonderful.  Drinks are reasonably priced, the food is good (mm clams) and as long as I stick to the bar with Kristen as a bartender I have awesome service.  Table service has been a little 'meh' at times though but I haven't sat at a table there for over a year.

They also have the b-e-s-t venue for shows around...though it can get pretty packed and hard to maneuver through on those really crowded shows.  I can be found at this bars a friday or two or three out of the month...sometimes... and at the occasional free show they have upstairs. great bar..great bar...
I've eaten here, I've drank here, I've never seen music here.

My first JB's experience was for their Belgian Triple Fest more than a year ago.  My buddy and I arrived on a Saturday around 2pm and grabbed a booth and proceeded to go through flights of triples.  As we drank, our other friends showed and proceeded to do the same.  By the time we were through, I had tried their grilled octopus (delicious) and certainly tried enough beer.

After that, I returned for the full irish breakfast on St. Patty's Day.  This time I arrived at 9:30 am and not only was their a great menu, but an amazing assortment of stouts on tap.  I thoroughly enjoyed myself.

Since then, I've been back to shoot pool and get drinks.  Recently I came here after being at Frankford Hall for a few hours.  I had their burger which was quite tasty, shot pool and drank beer.  I was a wee bit drunk at the time, but I remember the burger being really good.

I know I'll be back.  Hopefully I can actually see a performance here sometime.
$3 Kenzinger, rotating tap of local craft brews for $5-6 - a typical Fishtown dive, but nicer and roomier than other nearby establishments of a similar vibe. Came for Sunday Funday brunch, our first stop of many in our mission for a day of good alcohol. The place was quiet, and the DJ was spinning Gospel. I dig it.

I didn't order from their enticing, varied food menu, but my friends did, and it looked super tasty. They polished their plates, so that should say something. There's often live music and fun themed events. On weekend nights, the place can get pretty crowded, and they usually charge a $5-15 cover for the bands that play upstairs, depending on who's playing.

Overall, solid spot. Nice outdoor seating, good for an after work drink - or a Sunday brunch beer.
JBs is my favorite place in Philly to see a show! It's a small intimate venue (venue is upstairs, bar / restaurant downstairs). They always have great shows and really promote local music (and beer). The food downstairs is great to grab a bite before the show. It's also cool to hang and play pool. 

But really, keep an eye out for the bands that come through here, the music is always a good time. I like to drop in, even if I don't know who's playing.
I just cant get enough of this place. Killer food- killer bands-killer bartenders (Gabe) and awesome chefs (Dan).......I mean, seriously, will I ever have a bad experience here? NO! JB's is my favorite spot in Philly without a doubt. Dont forget to try the dessert!
Johnny Brenda's has a very pleasant bar atmosphere, like a slightly-more-whimsical Standard Tap inside, with small colored lights built into the tables that twinkle slowly.  We sat beside enormous open windows on a cool summer night and all felt right with the world.

The beer selection is solid, which is Northern-Liberties-standard, and while the wall-mounted chalkboard menu isn't all that descriptive, it serves its purpose, and my very friendly server was able to answer all my food questions without checking a list.

We ate little, but sometimes you can tell from a few bites if a place has it or not, and Johnny Brenda's has it.  The softshell crab sandwich was big and juicy, the crab stood out very well against its accompaniments, and its soft bun was absolutely perfect (it's always wonderful when a restaurant nails just the right bread for a sandwich).  The fries were also terrific, thin and salty and not rock hard.

They had three mussel dishes on the menu: red, white and green.  Our server recommended the green, which is pesto-based, and he was spot-on.  Absolutely delicious.  I would have soaked a loaf of bread in the broth and eaten the whole thing... so I'm glad I was limited to the two slices that came with it!

Great atmosphere, great service, and delicious pub food.  I will be back!
This is the only bar in Philly that I go to religiously.  Probably because all my friends do  and I know everyone who works there.  So this is, undoubtedly, a  biased review.  JB's = my second home.  Great beer, excellent food (now with fatter fries!!) and the best damn music in the city.  Period.
Yeah, right, like there was ever a chance this place was getting less than five stars.

Um, excellent downstairs layout (booths, tables, bar tables, bar AND pool tables)?  Check.

Fun looking waitresses?  Check.

Ahmahzing live booking?  Check.  (Even though I've never ventured upstairs yet.)

A photobooth?  Check.

Yummy foodtowns?  Check.

Outdoor seating?  Check.

Totally deck jukebox ("deck" is totally a thing)?  Check.

Constant presence of my number one fake boyfrond?  Check plus!

Did I miss anything?  Probably, but I guarantee they get checks on that too.  

Oh yeah, plus this is where I realized what my purpose in life is...
So this is good . . . 

Philly and I are not long time friends.  We met a few months ago when I moved here from lands far, far away.  Upon my arrival in the broken bell city, I was instantly struck by two stark realities.  First, everywhere offers cheap eats and drinks.  Fact: This place is easy on the wallet.  Second, Philly is chocked full of great spots to see music.  Johnny Brenda's tops my list of spots to check out a show.  

First off, I'm a bit of a music junkey.   Given the choice, I would rather burn my hard earned pay watching some crooner bellow out his or her latest tunes than booze my way through the latest pop ditties queued up on a new swanky macbook.  With that said, Johnny Brenda's walks the line between bar and venue nicely and so tops my list of places to spend a fine evening.    

First, the intimacy of the venue is fantastic.  I had the pleasure of checking out Jessica Lea Mayfield and I was struck by how available the artists seemed.  Besides the tiny stage, the whole lay out is reminiscent of someone's basement, giving it a backyard jam session feel.  However, where the house-party bar setup can, in some cases, seem over-hyped and cliche, Johnny Brenda's accomplishes it without sacrificing credibility.  This balance feeds heavily into the experience.  

Second, the beer list is killer.  The offerings rotate regularly and suited my tastes well.  Like many local watering holes, the beers were mostly philly locals and priced to move.  I dig it for sure. 

All and sundry, well worth a visit.
I simply Love Johnny Brendas! For a "dive" bar the food is pretty damn good, and they have a decent vegetarian selection. Of course the shows are great, I've found many a new bands here and I've never had a bad time. The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is laid-back, and just a great place to spend the night. Their beer selection game can be stepped up a notch but it's not even that bad, and certainly not enough to get a minus. Yeah, just good times all around. Check it out for a random show one night, it'll be good times I'm sure.
Consistently being mentioned in "Philly's Top Bars" lists was a good enough reason for us to stop by this bar in Fishtown during PBW. It's bigger than I thought, with a couple of different bar areas and plenty of seating. We sat at the smaller bar area in the middle and reviewed the craft beer chalkboard. I noticed written halfway down the list, "Dogfish Head Black and Red." Never heard of it, but it sounded intriguing. Awesome!  I wish I could buy it in a four or six pack, but apparently it's a limited edtion draft only. Dang it! We only had one drink and didn't eat, so I'm sure there's more to JBs than we experienced. Next time.
Johnny Brenda's is one of my favorite places to see a show. The sound is great and with the standing room near the stage and in the balcony, you can almost always get a good view. 

The menu pisses me off real bad. It's on a chalkboard near a window and there is constantly a glare on it. You have to dance around the dining room and stand at other people's tables until you're at just the right angle, and then you get to read things like PANINI. C'mon. Panini?! Anything could be on a panini. I don't want to nag my server and make them explain every item on the menu. Once you randomly order a nondescript plate of food, it's usually kind of decent. Their burgers are pretty good, a manageable size and juicy for a small patty. 

I do always have a great time at Johnny Brenda's. The location makes it a perfect place to start or end your night. The DJs in the downstairs usually play pretty fun stuff, the service is good and the beer list is great.
The food here is excellent!

You wouldn't know based on the very understated and straightforward menu:

green beans, spinach, eggplant sandwich, mussels . . .etc.

Their mussels with red sauce and side vegetables are excellent - especially the mashed potatoes and green beans.

I like to order the eggplant sandwich with mashed potatoes instead of fries (I think it's a dollar more, but worth it).

Very good local beers are available.

Also: this is a great place to see a show.
What a trip.

I came here with my crew to check out the bands lined up to play that night and it was one of the weirdest performances of all time. From the totally jarring clarinet solos and the deep red stage lights of the opening act, I felt like I had landed smack in the middle of a satanic ritual. The next set alternated between putting me to sleep and whacking me back into consciousness with heavy drum action. Finally, the night closed with a band that cared more about playing like a free-spirited acid trip than staying in tune or even remotely on rhythm. 

Still, after a couple of cheap beers, and in the company of good friends, we had a fun time. I really enjoyed kicking back and relaxing up in the balcony, which definitely gives you the best view. 

Overall, this is a really cool place. I'd definitely like to return to try some of the very tempting options on the menu--and experience a band that didn't terrify me a little...!
I am here WAY too often. It's that good. The food is always amazing, they have a great rotating beer selection, and the service is always friendly. It can get SUPER packed, especially if there's a show going on upstairs, but it's worth it. I've only been upstairs for one show, but the space was clean and roomy. The balcony has a great view. Their Sunday brunch is awesome. I highly recommend JB's. I've never had a bad experience here and I don't think I ever will.
I've been told you should never trust someone with two first names. But what about two first names of different genders? Johnny Brenda's? It's not even a someone, but a something - does this advice still apply? What does it all mean?! 

Yet despite all of this, JB's houses four of my favorite things - sandwiches, gastropubs, dive bars, live music - all under one roof. So, yeah. I guess you could say I could trust this place. And also, maybe live here.

But let's start with the sandwiches, more specifically the Cubano. Bursting with delicious pulled pork and held together by hearty hero bread, I just couldn't get enough of its savory genius. Simply put, this sandwich is a must. Johnny Brenda's has seemed to ruin all other cubanos for me. And I love him/her for it.

This stellar sandwich, as well as a miscellany of other chalkboard menu items (ranging from raw bar oysters and octopus appetizers to fried bologna and pork terrine), can be had in the back section of the establishment - the trendier, gastropubbier half of Johnny Brenda's downstairs. The Hommus plate we ordered was honestly mediocre, but really, what chance did it stand against the Cubano? However, I have to hand it to them for introducing me to the robust, yet smooth, gentle giant Victory Golden Monkey (9.5% ABV!), part of their locally-sourced brew selections, and one of the better beer discoveries I've made this year.

The dive bar portion of Johnny Brenda's consumes the front half of the downstairs. With its wood paneling, cigarette machine, pool table, and dark, underbelly ambiance, it's more roadhouse than rager.

It would appear the place to party here is upstairs during a show. And had I not discovered JB's during a bout of day drinking, you can bet your ass I'd be up there for some local live indie come nightfall. As if the Cubano wasn't reason enough to return...
This review is for food/outdoor dining experience.

The first time we went, we got burgers, crab cake sandwiches, cocktails, and beers. The burgers/crab cakes were delicious, and the fries were hot and generous. If you're looking for a good burger or crab cake, this is your spot. We were excited to come back and try more off the menu.

We recently went back and two people at our table ordered the ribs entree. One asked for a substitute of fries, and the other stuck with the potato salad. I kid you not, for $18, TWO (and a half on one) ribs came out on each plate. Two! That's not even a 1/4 rack. The rest of the plate was filled with either cold fries or a small portion of potato salad and a cup of collard greens. While the taste was OK, the food was barely warm and the two people who ordered ribs went next door for a cheesesteak after our meal. To top it off, one person at our table ordered a Diet Coke and it was flat and tasteless.

The pandemic has certainly changed dining, so I won't even comment on service other than saying everyone was nice and doing the best they could! My suggestion to patrons - if you plan to dine out here, definitely stick to the sandwiches. They are good and you will enjoy them. As for the restaurant - I understand that times are tough, but if you can't deliver a quality product with a reasonable portion, just shorten the menu until you can!
I love this place. Its great both for food and for seeing bands or other events (i.e. Ignite Philly). The food is really tasty, for both dinner and dessert. We got a free dessert once because they had taken longer than usual for our order (which actually hadn't seemed that long to us). The atmosphere downstairs is great with big windows that can be opened in the summertime and big tables with slow flickering lights built into the table tops. Upstairs is very intimate with great visibility of the stage from either the floor or in the balcony. Altogether its also a really cool looking building. We can always manage to find parking, but its also not too far from the subway.
I know this is blasphemous, but I have not seen a show here.

I actually just went to go to the bar.

We sat at one of the little tables along the wall before the main dining area while waiting for the rest of our group to come. I really liked the wood paneling and glass grapes every where. I felt like I was waiting to see the Velvet Underground, back when the Velvet Underground was new.

When the rest of our group got there, we sat at one of the booths along the wall. So cool with the lights in the table and the cubby-hole windows. 

The beers are slightly pricey, compared to my usual haunts (Local 44, National Mechanics), but not by much.

Our waiter was really nice and had an accent. Irish perhaps? (not that it makes a difference, but I always appreciate a good accent). I got a Lionshead (on tap!), everyone else got a variety of other beers and drinks in multiples. Our tab came out to $22 for 6 people. He definitely didn't charge us for refills, if you could call them that. 

I'd love to see a show here, but I wouldn't mind coming just to hang out.
I want to love this place, I really do but after giving it 2 chances I have been highly disappointed both times. $14 glasses of wine is absurd. Okay it's on tap I get it- but cmon it wasn't that spectacular, a little misleading because prices are no where to be seen for the wine and why would one think one glass of wine would carry such a hefty price tag. It was good wine but not GREAT. I've since researched the wine and let's just say the amount they are charging is highway robbery. 

Next the food- first time I was there I got the fries chicken sandwich. It was good not great. Next time I got the skirt steak with root veggies and mushrooms. What a disappointment!!! The food was cold! The steak was absurdly fatty. The root veggies were soggy. My friend got a steak salad it had zero salad dressing and was just blah and super bland.
ROCK. JOHNNY BRENDAS. the reviewer below (duocorn) is my beautiful roommate and she brought me to johnny's on wed night to see David Vanderveld and I was very impressed by the atmosphere and the music. From the outside this place looks like nothing. I ride by it on my bike every single day and never realized how sweet it is. The first floor is a regular bar, the second floor is another bar but with a stage for performers, and the third floor is a mezzanine level to look down on the performer. not to mention I'm now in love with David Vanderveld...and his bassist!
1. I want to rave about JB's. I go there at least once a week to shoot pool or relax. The food is good, the bands are good and the company is always interesting, but...

2. The bartenders are bitches. Seriously. So if you go to the bar expecting to be served on a timely basis forget it. Conversely, table service is great. (Stop being bitches, bartenders!)

3. The upstairs venue is awesome if you can find a good show to see (e.g Deer Tick tonight). Wonderful classic interior, amazing stage and acoustics, and better bartenders.
fun times! saw dr. dog and alec ounsworth upstairs! definitely a great place to jam out!
A staple of Fishtown, Johnny Brenda's recently gained extra fame by being featured in "Creed." The bar is located right on the intersection of Frankford Ave and Girard Ave, making it an easy spot to meet up with friends in the center of Fishtown's late night scene. It was one of the first bars in Philly that i'd ever been to, and is usually a first stop in our many Fishtown barhops within the last 4 years.

When you walk in (have your ID's out), the dim lights and graffiti decor make you feel like you're in a dive bar, but at the same time you'll realize that it's not a dive bar by any means. There's a pool table (the worst part of the entire bar), tables along the wall, booths in the back room with wait service, and a music venue upstairs with a cover. Depending on the bartender (there used to be a long haired guy who was a god among bartenders), you could have a long wait for a beer in the crowded bar. The entire pub is very loud too, but you'll get used to it after awhile.

The beer selection is all craft beer, which makes this spot more of a hipster venue rather than a cheap dive bar. The cheapest beer is the god-awful Philly brewed Kenzinger at $4, which was $3 a few years ago. They got a good selection of craft beers at $5-$6 a pop, which are probably better choices when beginning a night. 

The food is good, especially their fries and Johnny Brenda's Burger, which is NY State Sirloin with cheddar cheese and sauteed onions. It's $13, which I always feel is too high for even the most gourmet burger. Two years ago, my friend actually was so happy with his JB burger that he ordered another one right after. I don't recommend any human to order two adult sized burgers, and either did some higher power as a water main break forced us to evacuate Johnny Brenda's as he was half way through devouring his second burger. 

One of the biggest gripes I have with Johnny Brenda's is the pool table. This place gets *very* crowded after 10pm and there starts to be a lack of places to stand, especially when you're with a group. Yet there is always some group of people playing pool (who are equally annoyed that there are so many people ruining their game), who constantly tell anyone standing around the table, or accidentally are leaning on the table due to the overcrowding, to move. Some of the players say this in a friendly way, while some players would benefit from being hit by a speeding bus. Pool tables are for pool rooms, not the lobby of a faux dive bar.

In short, Johnny Brenda's is a solid spot in Fishtown to try at least once. It's one of the cooler places in the area to go with a group before venturing through the city.
Johnny Brenda's is such a cool spot to catch a show. I agree with others who described it as a both intimate and spacious. The balcony is great and gives you a terrific view of the performance. I also appreciated the upstairs bar, which has the same draft list. No jostling downstairs to get to the main bar. Bathrooms are clean and big. They even have an old-timey photo strip machine, which is pretty awesome. Good, reasonably priced, seasonal draft list.
