Alright guys. This is an oldie...

Well, it's an oldie where I come from. It's a blues riff in B. Watch me for the changes, and, er... try and keep up, OK?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1i5coU-0_Q

Deep down in Philadelphia close to South Street
Way back up by the Docks among the Philadelpheans
There stood a little basket with a plastic fork
From a sandwich shop named John's Roast Pork
Nobody ever learned to make pork so well
But it's the best you'll ever taste, you can tell by the smell

Go go... go to John's, go, go...
Go to John's, go...
Go to John's go...
Go to John's, go, go, go...
Johnny's Roast Pork!

If they sell the place to the Radiohead singer, who tends to leave parties without saying goodbye, and stop texting people he's been frantically sexting with, then it'll be renamed "Thom 'Ghost' Yorke."

John's Roast Pork is not only the best sandwich in Philadelphia. It may be the best sandwich in the United States. 

It's also extraordinary and unique, much moreso than a cheesesteak. I've never had anything remotely like it outside Philly, and nowhere else in Philly makes it this well. The Cheesesteak got the fame, but the Roast Pork is the secret reason to travel to the City of Brotherly Love. And with Tommy DiNic's a respectable second-best, this is *the* place to get Roast Pork in Philly.

If it were a show on Comedy Central where Leguizamo, Lovitz and Travolta jokingly insult the late Robin Williams (RIP), then it'd be "Johns Roast Mork."

What to get: Roast Pork sandwich with extra spinach, extra sharp provolone, wet.
Make sure: That you eat it while it's hot and wet. If you're eating it later, don't even bother.
And make sure: To check their hours. They open & close early. They're gone by 3 daily.
And also: They go on vacation sometimes in summer. So it's better to call and check.

If it were owned by the Mafia, it'd be Don's Roast Pork.

This sandwich is so good because of:

(a) dripping wetness and baked in heat. Juicy to the final bite.
(b) extremely heavy on the garlic, with a divine blend of spices.
(c) the spinach is magnificent, and the extra sharp provolone is melty, strong, and perfect.
(d) the pork itself is tender, thinly sliced, delicious, marinaded and magnificent.

If they stopped giving out spoons and forks, and instead gave out a combo-hybrid, then you could say "John's Boasts Sporks."

But it's not all about the Roast Pork. I'm not a massive fan of Cheesesteaks, but honestly, I think the John's Cheesesteak tastes better than any of the more famous rivals. I'd never come here for just a cheesesteak with the Roast Pork on offer, but sometimes I'll get one of each to share with an out-of-towner, and the conclusion is usually the same: The Pork is the food of the Gods. The Cheesesteak is not as good, but is the best Cheesesteak they've tried.

If you get drunk on wine here, or lose your virginity here (or both), you can call it "John's Popped Cork."

Roast Pork is not the only sandwich which Philly does very well (aside from the obvious). Try Nick's Old Roast Beef on 20th St, also with X-sharp Provolone. It's one of the best Roast Beef sandwiches in the nation.

If they're having a party for actor Mickey, and you all raise your glasses to him, then it's named "John's Toast Rourke."

I was annoyed when watching the food shows on TV, who always hype up Tommy DiNic's (excellent, but second best), and Tony Luke's (not even on the same planet, dry and much less flavourful), and allow John's to play second-fiddle when it's by far the best. It's all hype. Come here and treat yourself to one of the best sandwiches you will ever try.

And if the owner tells you that your wrist pains are probably from all of the twisting and pulling you do at the gym, then it can be said that "John's Diagnosed Torque."

And if you and the owner get it on with a wild Icelandic singer in a 3-way (it's okay if it's in a three way, Gaga told me so), then perhaps it's "John's Spit-roast Bjork."

Now back to Marty McFly.

I used to have their sandwich in a gunny sack
Go eat beneath the tree by the railroad track
Oh, the Philly girls would see me sitting in the shade
And come and share the sandwich that John's Roast Pork made
And after we made out*, every girl would say
That's the best damn sandwich in the USA**

Go go... go to John's, go, go...
Go to John's, go...
Go to John's go...
Go to John's, go, go, go...
Johnny's Roast Pork!



* since we both ate the Garlic-infused pork, the make out session wasn't gross for either of us. I'm a wily one, see.

** I know I've called a few sandwiches the best in the USA, but you need to just trust me and try every single one of them. K. Thx. Bye.
IT WAS LOVE AT FIRST BITE,
Yup I'm starting with that.
Listen here...I've been trying to get a cheesesteak at this place for the past few months, but every time I'm in the area the line is around the corner. Finally I drive by this time and the line is reasonable! I dropped the wife and kid off at chick-fil-a and headed right back to get in line. 
I brought a bottle of water with me anticipating an hour between waiting, ordering, and waiting some more. I met a nice woman and her daughter in line who were also cheesesteak adventure seekers as well who made the wait feel a lot shorter (even tho it was still overall an hour.) 
Once I had that cheese steak in hand, I said goodbye to my cheese steak  line friends and headed to pick up the fam. Even tho the cheese steak had been sitting 30 min before I could eat it, that first bite solidified it being literally THE BEST CHEESE STEAK I'VE EVER HAD so far!
Why?? Because it wasn't small, nor overcooked, nor soggy, nor unseasoned. It was tasty even without ketchup! Of course I got mine with fried onions and mayo just an FYI. Even the roll had that strong good ole philly roll flavor. I was just sad it was ending as I came upon the last few bites. I don't even want to have another cheese steak anywhere else. I might just retire my cheese steak adventurer card. That cheese steak was well worth the $10.40 and the hour wait. "Foodie tears"
It's always a 5 star of a good time when eating at John's Roast Pork! They've done some recent reno that actual decreases wait time by closing off the entrance and only allowing ppl to order from the outside which stops ppl from bothering the cooks and staff on the inside. I didn't know they had a breakfast menu, so this clearly will be added to my stops when I drop my daughter off at school. 

I ordered a good ole fashion cheesesteak and a side of fries which cost about $18 in total. PRetty normal prices these days for a high quality cheese steak n' fries. My wait was only a solid 10 minutes and I decided to eat at one of the tables nestled on the side of the restaurant. I could only finish half because their was so much awesome steak on the roll. I LOVE their rolls alone. The fries were just normal crinkle cuts. 

I warmed the rest of my steak up when I got home and the texture was still the same. I dunno how they do it!
This is my new favorite cheesesteak in the city. I love the authenticity - forget trying to order your steak with cheese wiz, the only options are American or provolone. Each sandwich is made to order (unlike some of the well know establishments that just pile a mound of steak and let it linger on the flattop). Personally, I don't mind waiting ten minutes for a steak made specifically to my request. I also love how they scoop out the sesame seeded roll to max pack in a king's portion of ribeye, onions, and American cheese - ingenious maneuver. 

Finally, I'm a fan of the attitude of John's. It's run by a family that does not lack in South Philly charm. While waiting for my order, the cashiers were spouting with the cooks in a "you're pissing me off but I still love you sort of way."  I couldn't help but laugh - they may not always like each other, but they deliver one heck of a quality cheesesteak.
Of all the places to eat that I put on my list for my last Philadelphia trip, John's Roast Pork was priority number one!  I definitely came by hungry and ordered BOTH their Roast Pork sandwich and their Cheesesteak which I heard was actually better than their Roast Pork.   And after finally trying both, let me just say that their Roast Pork is awesome and their Cheesesteak is ridiculous!

Ordering a sandwich here can be a little confusing though for first timers and I learned that the hard way.  Even though it starts off as one line, it then splits into two lines with one for Cheesesteaks and one for Roast Pork.  I didn't know this right away and went to the Roast Pork line but forgot to order a Cheesesteak first.  Luckily, since the line was short at the time, I went back to the end and started over and ordered the Cheesesteak first and then ordered the Roast Pork right after.

Roast Pork with spinach and provolone -- http://bit.ly/2vlt50v
Yeah, this is a serious pork sandwich.  Sorry, DiNic's.  As much as I enjoy their Roast Pork sandwich, John's Roast Pork sandwich has become my favorite.  I think it's the spinach that makes it work better for me since it's not as bitter as broccoli rabe, and I love that they completely doused my sandwich with their gravy, which actually made it easier to eat since the bread was soaked.  The gravy added so much more flavor to the tender pork.  It was so good!!!

Cheesesteak with American cheese -- http://bit.ly/2vlfGFV
Oh man, this cheesesteak.  You can't see it from the pic, but the sandwich was overflowing with steak on each end.  It was so much steak that I couldn't fit the whole cheesesteak in the frame.  I loved it!  Even though I prefer Cheez Whiz, I thought their use of American cheese was brilliant since it almost had the same flavor as Whiz but without the drippy mess since it's cooked well within the steak.  This is probably my favorite cheesesteak in all of Philly and I might even say that I liked it even more than their own Roast Pork.

John's Roast Pork totally lived up to the hype for me and I'm glad that I had a chance to stop by.  Both sandwiches were epic and I would love to go back again and for another round!  Till next time, John's!
John's is known for a slamming roast pork sandwich, but I go there for the slamming cheese steaks. 
John's is a small, authentic  Italian sandwich shop that's been at this location for years. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable and they keep the line moving.
After you purchase your sandwich, there is seating outside and all the condiments I love are available plus usually it's easy to find street parking.
The cheese steak is hefty, with quality beef and a decent roll. After enjoying a cheese steak here, I'm never hungry, and nowadays that's a real compliment!
Fun fact: I had my first ever Philly cheesesteak at the Philadelphia airport when I was 16 years old and on a layover. Yeah, not a high point. Last weekend, I was in Philly FOR REAL and knew I needed a legit cheesesteak. A friend led us here. 

Now, it's called John's Roast Pork and the menu board says that's their speciality. What's a girl to do? Well, I decided to push my cheesesteak craving aside and opted for the roast pork instead. I ordered a small which was more than enough for this gal, and grabbed a bag of potato chips on the side. 

Now, don't get me wrong, the roast pork was good, but after stealing a bite from my friend's cheesesteak, I was flooded with regret. Maybe I'm not a roast pork gal, but all I can say is that they make one good Philly cheesesteak! I did add cheese to my sandwich which kicked it up a notch, so don't shy away.

It's a shack on the side of the road, so you order inside, wait for your food, and grab a seat at one of the few tables outside. I liked the condiment bar of banana peppers, hot peppers, hot sauce, etc. so that you can customize your sandwich as you please. Service didn't standout but they fed me fast which was my highest priority. 

All in all, it was a good intro to the sandwiches that make Philly famous. I'll have to continue my search for the best in future visits!
Truth be told, Philly Cheesesteaks never impressed me. A slab of onions, beef, and cheese in sandwich form sounded appealing, but the execution was always sloppy and bland. My bouts with famous Philly spots Geno's, Pat's, Jim's, and Tony's always ended in disappointment. I was nearly done with these sandwiches, then I had John's Roast Pork.

It wasn't all romance at first. Hunger is cruel when waiting in a line that goes out the door. The locals skipping out on valuable working hours (as overheard by fellow line acquaintances) to be here eased the anticipation; I knew I was in the right spot. Apparently it's like this *every day.* 

As I made my way into John's, I noticed there were no tables. Just one giant line that crawled its way to the counter where folks order and pay, quickly and in cash. Countless accolades adorned the wall, local publication features, and a ton of press, it was evident this place has seen it's share of the limelight. It was just the kind of build up I needed to supplement my excitement.

And once I made my way to the counter, I put in my order of two regular Philly cheesesteak and a roast pork sandwich, both topped with some sharp provolone. After waiting a few minutes, I sank my teeth into their infamous roast pork and the hype was real. This is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The pork was well seasoned and oh-so tender.  The sharp provolone was the perfect addition to this already wonderful sandwich. 

The cheesesteak was sitting around for a bit, before I unveiled it to share amongst some friends. Even though it sat for 40 minutes in its tin foil cradle, it was just warm enough to enjoy. The cheese had melted into the minced onions and tender beef, smelling absolutely wonderful. We foodgasm'd with every bite, which in a moment of disbelief from my native Philly friend, who couldn't believe it came from John's and not somewhere else. She gobbled up the rest of the sandwich and she is typically a light eater. I saved another half of sandwich, which served as the best late night snack on my way back to NYC.

Anyone who is looking to come to John's, know this much: Bring cash, buy more than one sandwich, beware it's only open till 3pm on weekdays, and lines are part of the experience. For a true Philly cheesesteak and insanely delicious experience, make John's Roast Pork part of the afternoon itinerary.
The long lines & the hype here are definitely worth the wait.

CASH Only

Philly cheese steak with spicy provolone: 4 stars
Drip factor small, not that spicy at all
Meat is thinly sliced, tender & juicy too. 
This cheese steak is melt in your mouth deliciousness yet very filling at the same time. 
This tastes so well that you really don't need to add much condiments to it in order to enjoy it. 

Fries: 3 stars
Thickly cut fries that weren't soggy buy nicely fried.

To order, you line up to the side of the outdoor seats , condiments is next to the exit door. 

Even the cops & fire dept guys come here to pick up some food.
Hands down best cheesesteak in Philadelphia, and definitely among the top 3 roast pork sandwiches in Philadelphia.

I know, I know. Best cheesesteak in Philadelphia? That's saying a lot. Well, it's true. Everything you've heard is true.

This place is a little shack on Snyder near Columbus. You could probably drive by several times and never give it a second thought. But, that's part of the charm. JRP is no-frills, unapologetic, gritty Philadelphia cuisine. You won't see any cheez whiz here, but the sharp provolone will make you forget all about that science experiment in a can that some of the other guys try to pass off as cheese. 

The service is quick, the ingredients are fresh, and who doesn't love the ambiance of eating at picnic tables? 

I'm telling you, if you haven't been to JRP yet, you're seriously missing out. Go there. Now. Cash only.
Amazing! I went with the Roast Pork with Sharp Provolone vs. a cheesesteak (I wanted something different) and it was wonderful. Superb flavor and great bread. None of that doughy bread crap, but the good stuff that stands up to the meat.

Off the beaten path, but do yourself a favor and swing by John's Roast Pork.  You won't be disappointed.
Being a Yelper first(and a tourist second) I knew I had to try a steak shop off the beaten path. Forget the popular tourist cheesesteak shops- I wanna try the steak that the people of Philly love most! 

Enter John's Roast Pork and I'm immediately in another world. You've got people shouting orders- Roast porks and steaks flying off the grill left and right- a line of cattle(customers) patiently waiting the next round of orders. It's controlled chaos and it's what you(Philly Yelpers) led me to. Thanks. 

Honestly, I loved John's cheesesteak! It was HUGE, meaty, cheesy- the works. It was on a sesame seed roll, which was a bonus. This is definitely a MAN'S cheesesteak lol. 

Of all the steaks I tried in Philly- this one was up there as one of the best. I'm a fan- 4 stars.
I've been visiting a friend in Philly but never had a cheese steak there and was craving one for the longest time. Saturday afternoon was it!  My friends and I arrived at 3:50pm in a caravan of 3 cars and were unaware of their 4pm closing time. I should have checked Yelp!!!

Upon entering, there were a handful of folks waiting for their order. They took mine right away- Cheese Steak with Mushroom, sharp cheddar, and onions on a foot-long sesame bun cut into 2. They double-wrapped it in waxed foil. We ate outside at a shaded table among 7 or so other tables. When I sat down and opened the wrappers, OMG!- I dug in so fast that I burned my tongue and the roof of my mouth but didn't care one bit! Nom nom nom! It was exactly what I craved, but better! All the ingredients just melded together and had such great quality. The steak had no tough or fatty parts, the mushrooms were so tender and juicy, the cheese was so tasty, and the sesame bun was toasted just right. Perfection!
I had a meat sandwich orgy with a few fantastic friends, and between the moans that fell along the lines of "OMG, there's gooey cheese everywhere" and questions such as, "Did I spill meat juice on my shorts?" we all had a fabulous time feasting.

But only one 'wich stood out from the rest. Find out which meaty mistress we wanted to eat (out) the most, below:
*****
I. LOCATION & PARKING
This destination is located in an industrial area where sting operations go down (like in The Wire). If you're using Google Maps or Waze, there should be no problem finding it.

Regarding parking, it's very abundant and absolutely stress free. Yas.

II. FOOD & DRINK
Their menu is inside, but all you have to know is that you should either get a Philly Cheese Steak -- with peppers, mushrooms, onions, etc... -- or a roast pork. Confusingly, they have a setup where cheesesteak peeps order at one cashier, and roast pork folks order at another. Why?

About their *Cheesesteak, though, the bread is wonderfully slightly crisp, but still soft. There's a magical ratio of this carb-goodness to the filling. I think the meat was ribeye, but you could've told me that it was meat from a horse's butt and I would've continued to savor the flavor. Oh, and the cheese -- the quantity, stickiness, etc...  -- definitely warrants a NC-17 rating.

Their signature *Roast Pork, though, fell a bit flat for me. It needed more flavor, perhaps with more salt or a deeper, longer marinade. Don't get me wrong, it's good, however, I would choose their Cheesesteak everyday.

There are, uh, suspicious condiments (laying out without covers and rotting) outside, and basic coke products in coolers inside.

III. SERVICE
Considering the fact that they literally work in a kitchen that's probably the same temp as the one in Hell, since it's so damn hot, I was impressed that they 1) didn't all faint and 2) pushed dem hoagies out fast. No qualms here.

IV. AMBIENCE & DÉCOR
It's a tiny and humble shack with a good number of tables for outdoor seating. I see it more, though, as an order-to-go type-of-place. 

V. PRICES
Very affordable. Somewhere around $10 for gigantic sandwich that could easily last two meals.

VI. OVERALL
John's Roast Pork is a great place to grab a sandwich, and I think every meat orgy fan should try it at least once. But I'll probably choose another destination to satisfy my meaty-cheese boner the next time I return to Philly.
I know they are known for the Roast Pork, but I wasn't impressed by it. Luckily I ordered the cheesesteak - and that was a lot better. I really enjoyed it - as did all my friends that took a bite. We passed that thing around the horn, and everyone got a piece. That sounds dirty. But really it was delicious.


It is super hot inside. Like, you'll sweat. Granted the locals probably are used to it cause everywhere we went in Philly seemed to lack AC. Being from South Florida we have AC everywhere...so I'm sure I wasn't used to it. Either way they have outdoor seating only - so you won't be inside for long. Unless there's a long line of folks.

Outside there's pickles and other toppings you can add. I stocked up on pickles. It doesn't look like the most sanitary situation - it's outside, in the heat, unattended....but....YOLO. I ate them pickles like it was no ones business.

The cheesesteak sandwich itself is massive. You can share it for sure. It was tasty. It wasn't the best thing I ever ate, but it was good. Solid. Filling. All around solid lunch spot....with no frills.
John's roast pork, a humble island in a churning sea of refinery fumes and erratic traffic, turns out a variety of honest lunchtime staples from 7 a.m. to 3 p.m., or until the bread runs out.  

Most notable are the hot, addictive cheesesteaks and herbaceous roast pork sandwich lashed with sharp provolone and minerally sauteed spinach.  Unlike most cheesesteak slingers, John's makes each sandwich to order, instead of portioning from a giant pile of steaming meat on the flattop.  This means your steak takes about three to four minutes to receive during prime-time lunch hours, but tastes a thousand times better than the same-named sammich elsewhere. 

I'm in the camp that the roast pork sandwich should supplant the cheesesteak as Philadelphia's edible mascot -- it's so much richer in flavor and tradition.  Rosemary, pepper and garlic notes suffuse the thinly-sliced, lean roast pork that is cooked for hours to absolute tenderness. Small (round roll) and large (long roll) sizes are available -- but this this is so good you'll want a large, and a second sandwich to take home!

Keep in mind when you order that there are two stations -- "Grill", which is hot sandwiches like cheesesteaks, and "Cold" which includes the roast pork, even though it is served warm.   Order up (cash only) and wait patiently out of the way of other peeps trying to get their order in.
*** JBF America's Classic (2006) *** #24 ***

To receive the JBF America's Classic Award for cheesesteaks in a city full of cheesesteak shops, I knew this had to be good.

Since they are closed on Sundays and we were only there for the weekend, I sent my sister to pick up sandwiches to go when she landed on Saturday.  She picked us each up a chicken cheesesteak (no modifications, just what the shop recommends) and put them in our hotel fridge.  I wrapped mine up to take with me to the Eagles / Patriots game at Lincoln Financial, and have to say, even cold, it was delicious. I loved how the chicken was peppered, there wasn't too much cheese, and the sesame bun topped it off perfectly. Maybe I'm fooling myself, but it just didn't seem as unhealthy as other cheesesteaks. Not too greasy, not too bready, not too cheesy - just right.

I was wondering if I had made a mistake by not asking her to get me the Roast Pork but the chicken was so good that I'm glad I got it. Next time, if I have the chance, I'll definitely try the Pork, and hot.
Definitely one of the best for Roast Pork AND Cheesesteaks.

Sure, you need to try DiNic's and I guess Geno's and Pat's at least once, but once that's done, forget the insane lines at those other places and come here for a much more manageable wait and some of the best sandwiches you could hope for.

Ask for spinach and sharp provolone on a Roast Pork Sandwich ($6.75 for a small, which is big enough), and you will get one of the most delicious sandwiches ever. In addition to the namesake, don't forget to get a cheesesteak too, for one of the best I've ever had. I like it simple with fried onions and American (I don't think they even offer whiz here).

My one beef here is the ordering system; which I now understand to improve my experience next time. You order stuff from the grill (i.e. Cheesesteaks) separately from the "pork, beef or meatball" line. When it's busy, it can take up to 20 minutes or so for the cheesesteaks, while the Roast Pork sandwiches are ready immediately. You have to wait around inside the tiny store though to hear them shout out your name and then chaotically try to pass it along from one end of the counter to the other to get it to you. I would suggest wolfing down a Roast Pork sandwich immediately (at the tables outside if it's nice enough, or in your car) and then going back in to pick up your cheesesteak.

This is a much more pleasant experience than the more tourist-heavy options with insane wait times and crowded eating areas. It's fun to watch the banter between the cooks and the locals that have been coming here for years. You must come here to try some of the best sandwiches Philly has to offer.
I was so excited to try John's Roast Pork, and I'm sure they have awesome food. So, wait, what's this review about then?

They were closed when their website says they'd be open. Apparently John's used to be closed on Saturdays, but the website says as of 4/7/2012 they would be open on Saturdays from 10-4. So I stood at a bus stop in 85 degree weather with 95% humidity for 20 minutes, rode the bus, and walked a half mile in the blazing sun on 5/26/2012 to experience the best that Philly has to offer - and they're closed when I arrived at 12:30pm. Let's just say I cannot post the words that came out of my mouth at that moment.

I'm pretty confident that John makes some amazing cheesesteaks, but I'll never know. I was only visiting for the weekend, and the chances of me returning to Philly are probably pretty slim. If you post hours, I expect you to be open. If not, update you're website. It's 2012...it's not that hard. So I guess the lesson learned is if you're in Philly and want to go to John's, do it on a weekday to be safe.
I'll be the first to admit that I don't know a ton about Pork. Growing up, not only was it the 'other white meat,' but it was the other *taboo* white meat.   But now that I'm a supposed adult, and arguably, a heathen, I indulge once in awhile.  With that said, I've tried and loved the legendary Roast Pork Sandwich from DiNic's, and back in Brooklyn, am a fan of the rendition from Federoff's.   So I'm coming at this with some sort of reference point:

Anyway, I ordered a (duh) Roast Pork with extra spinach and sharp provolone for hubby and me to share.  Sadly, the meat had ZERO flavor.  And the mild spinach, v. bitter broccoli rabe that they offer at similar eateries, did nothing to amp things up.  The distinctive funkiness of sharp provolone overwhelmed everything.  

The kid insisted on getting a Cheesesteak, and hubby and I were both surprised by how much we enjoyed it.  Dug the seeded bread it was served on, not to mention the tender 'n tasty steak.  Fwiw, had to go with American cheese, since 'Whiz' isn't an option here.

Ordering was confusing and if I'm being really honest, intimidating.  There was a burly guy taking orders for Cheesesteak and other grill items, which you place first.  Then if you wanted Roast Pork, you had to do that separately, with another counter person closer to the register. I experienced a bit of a 'Soup Nazi' moment, a la Seinfeld.  If I didn't order 'right,' I feared I'd be tossed out of the place.  

This is one of those 'just shuddup and eat' sort of spots with a bare bones interior, and seating, only outdoors mind you, to match.  I'm good with that, but the mediocre Roast Pork... Not so much.  Maybe it was an anomaly, though I doubt I'll return to find out.  Three stars, but only thanks to the respectable Cheesesteak.

ps  According to Yelp, John's doesn't accept credit cards.  Well I can tell you firsthand, it does, and per the cashier, has done so for the past two years.  

double ps  Unless I missed it, there isn't a restroom, gender neutral or otherwise.  Luckily, Lowe's is within very easy driving distance should you too have a pee emergency after dining here.
Glorious !!  That is all I want to say about this outstanding "Gem" of an establishment.  What can I say that 300+ reviewers hasn't already been said.  

I have been to Johns countless times, well before my yelp days, so why not give these guys their props. Without a doubt this is by far the best spot in South Philly to get a Roast Pork sandwich. Everyone comes here because it is nothing but pure bliss waiting to be devoured. Sorry DiNics, as much as I do enjoy your roast pork  you're ranked second in my opinion when it comes to roast pork, John's has this won. 

This corner joint is always busy with a mob of people trying to get their hands on a delicious , full flavored , mouth watering, juicy sandwich. These guys will always be here, nobody can perfect a sandwich like them. They accommodate all from the suits to the contractors, everybody comes here. 

I was in the area and why not treat myself to a fantastic lunch , and why not stop here.  Now I will say this , as many times I have been here I have never tried their cheesesteak. Something about that pork that just makes you forget what you originally intended to get . I have no issues of going back and try to make another attempt in perusing the cheesesteak scene, trust me it is a challenge I must accomplish . 

My perfect roast pork starts with a great seeded roll holding in all the juices as best as it can. Its all in the type of bread that one uses that can  make or break a sandwich. Places like John's stand out the most because of the type of roll, they use.  While my sandwich is getting its proper treatment I follow it up with sharp Provolone ,with long hots. This is the perfect combination, a perfect way to compliment one to another. The ingredients they use to make that pork , simply put delicious. Heaven on a seeded roll waiting for you to sit and enjoy.   

These guys have it down, where there is no confusion , no long wait for sandwich what so ever. Once you come in you order , slide to the right, pay the lovely lady and get your eat on.  

Cash only, so if you bring plastic you might here some "Booos" from the crowd. I will be back again, this time I will be getting a cheesesteak.  ( Hopefully )
BEST PHILLY CHEESESTEAK! I can finally review this place after attempting to come here many times and only to be turned down because they were out of hoagies for the day. 

This place is insanely popularly on a weekend. They also run out of ingredients pretty quickly so when I was there around 2:30pm on a Saturday, they were out of all the toppings so you could only order cheesesteak with onions. It was still delicious... but my favorite was still the cheesesteak with pepper, mushrooms, and onions (which we got as a takeout last time so it wasn't as fresh - but was still so good!). Their sesame buns are delicious. If you get it to go, highly recommend to reheat it when you get home!

Also definitely grab a friend to share one cheesesteak... it is too filling, even splitting one with 3 people I was stuffed.
Why 3 stars? Because I just didn't get the hype.

   ---   ---   ---

I have to say, this was one of the most skewed Yelp experiences I've ever had. When a business has hundreds of reviews and a 4.5 star average, it's generally going to be pretty solid at worst. Sadly, I think my 3-star rating is a bit generous based on my experience.

First off, the inside of the restaurant was possibly the hottest room I've ever been in. The five minutes we were inside ordering was about all I could handle. With that being said, had the cheesesteak been delicious, I would have considered the sauna treatment well worth it.

But then we got our food, and it was about as bland as it could possibly be. It tasted like stadium or bowling alley food. It was as no frills as it comes: a hoagie + basic-tasting meat + some light cheese. What's all the fuss about?

I hate to be harsh in my reviews, and I know that comparing something to ballpark food is probably a pretty big insult, but that's honestly what it tasted like. Had I been blindfolded, I would never have known the difference.

I wanted to skip the touristy places like Geno's and Pat's on my hunt for the best cheesesteak in Philly, but John's was not it, in my opinion.
Hands down - BEST Cheesesteak in Philadelphia. I have yet to find a Cheesesteak of this quality anywhere else in the city. Plus - it's the only cheesesteak I dream about at night. 

Parking is not bad and definitely recommend going on an off-time. The meat  and onions are cooked and cut to a foodie's desire, lots of cheese, bun is fresh/soft and not bready because who wants a cheesesteak on a thick roll.

When the cheesesteak sandwich is juicy and this flavorful you have no reason to travel around the city in search of the 'perfect Philly cheesesteak.'

You'll stop here and come back again and again. Trust me.
This is one of those Philly Sandwich Holy Grail places , which I've been trying to try for years, battling laziness and fear. I finally found myself in the position to try it out and discovered a few things. 

First, it was pretty easy to find, just off Columbus around the shopping centers. Parking was pretty easy too both right near Johns and in the Snyder Plaza lot across the street. With that, 2 of my fears were easily dispelled. 

The 3rd big fear was the crowd. I hate waiting in big lines where my ordering performance will be judged by the proprietors and others in line. The line at 11:30 wasn't too bad. Maybe 8 people in front of me, which gave me time to plan my order and listen to the veterans about " how to" order. 

In a way, I wish there was a special that I could order that would just give me the works. ( maybe there is and I just didn't notice). Instead, I just asked for a roast pork with sharp provolone. I proceeded to then make a number of mistakes that detracted from my experience. 

First, the entire time I told myself it was going to get a small sandwich but when I got my turn I heard myself ask for a large. I guess I was hungry but after the fact, I realized that the small would have been perfect. Then, when paying, the cashier asked if I had cheese ( yes) and a number of other possible toppings that I wasn't aware of. I said yes to spinach too because I thought it was standard but the guy making my sandwich said I didn't ask for spinach. I didn't mind terribly because I'm not a huge fan of it but the cashier was annoyed that she had to void it out. 

Regardless, it was relatively cheap and comparable to most of the similar sandwiches I've had. As I held my forearm sized lunch, I debated sitting down to eat it in their little outdoor section. The decision to take it home was the last of my missteps here. In the 20 min trip home, the sandwich got really soggy and the bread was falling apart. While I could tell that the meat and seasonings were deliciously top notch, the soggy bread was a downer. Their bread is closer to the soft Amoroso as opposed to the hearty Sarcones. I think for this reason it falls to 2nd place behind the Paesanos Arista. I once took home one of those and put it in the fridge and the roll was still solid. 

Overall, it's a great sandwich that would be #1in any other city but it just doesn't beat Paesanos in my book.
Is it overstepping my bounds when I make a statement like Johns Roast Pork is as iconic to Philly as Katz is to NY? Running any business for nearly a century is no small feat, but a restaurant dishing out family recipes circa 1930?! I'm not sure there is a food tv program that has not featured Johns. Surely there's a case to be made. 

Little known fact: Roast Pork is the official sandwich of Philadelphia, not the cheese steak. Despite its namesake, rumor has it that Johns has always had the best Cheese steak around. I go for the sweet pepper cheese steak. Simply put, it's an excellent sandwich! It's massive, filled with 12 ounces of tender meat, melty provolone cheese and sweet peppers. The sharp provolone (add it!!) is a beautiful contrast with the sweetness of the peppers. Normally I'm not fan of sesame seed rolls or buns, but not only is this as authentic as it gets, but that crunch absolutely just works. 

I finally got my chance to visit a culinary institution and walked away soaked in complete satisfaction. Or maybe that's just the meat sweats....
sure from outside the long line MIGHT look intimidating, but lucky for me I know the long line is for ordering cheesesteaks and not for the MORE DELICIOUS roast pork sandwiches

SCORE: there are 2 separate lines for ordering cheesesteaks vs roast pork/meatball sandwiches.. although the cheesesteak line moves pretty quickly regardless

you can get a small or large sized sandwich... although the large roll had sesame seeds on it while the small didn't
--ROAST PORK sandwich: comes w/ spinach NOT broccoli rabe like i'm used to.. we ordered it with sharp provolone MMm the roast pork was so flavorful & dripping with au jus (which would usually make me angry but the roll held up well)
--cheesesteak: don't know why everyone raves about these.. pretty bland... still gotta find the best cheesesteak in phili

NOTE: CASH ONLY, there's only outdoor seating w/ a counter where you can get peppers, pickles, & condiments

roast pork here is better than Tommy Dinic's at reading terminal market in my honest opinion, but John's is a trek.. not close to the subway
Too much is made these days over the cheesesteak theater that is Gino's and Pat's, their football-esque 'historic' rivalry, the ritual ordering by those who know and the ritual shaming of those who don't.  That's manufactured drama with more appeal to those who want to "test" themselves against the code, to assert how in the know they are, and to laugh at those who aren't -- that's not about the food.

John's is about the food. 

I saw John's Roast Pork while passing through South Philly one day; incredulous but hopeful that this unassuming locale was the place I heard had both an incredible roast pork sandwich, and one of the best, if not the best, cheese steak in Philly. I heard right.

While both the pork and the steak have their moments of fame, the pork was imbued with so much wonderfulness: it was moist, tender, rendolent with garlic, rosemary, pepper, and perhaps, coriander -- bold flavors that moderate, and are moderated by, the rich unctuousness of pork -- all served on a sesame roll with perfect crumb and a great crust, not too firm, but just firm enough.

My steak was with fried onions and American. Some deride John's for not having Whiz, but then again, why should they? If nostalgia, well, fine, but Pat's sold their first steak in 1930, and Whiz didn't come out for another 20 years, so Whiz gets no points for originality. Besides, the sandwich was so flavorful that it would be a shame to slobber over it with so much synthetic junk. The steak was perfect. It was the archetype of steaks.

Lastly, but not at all least, the staff at John's were all genuinely courteous -- as if they were going out of their way to show every person who walked in their door that they were, individually, appreciated. That's hard to do; retail food is a thankless job. Guys, know that you, and your excellent food, was greatly appreciated by this guy.

John's Roast Pork: Great food. No attitude.
Thank you Yelpers for letting me know about John's in Philly.  If you have yet to have your cheese steak cherry popped, please head straight to John's.  Their sandwiches are HUGE compared to the one I had at Jim's on South Street, and oohhhh soooo delicious!  It made me forget I was eating on an outdoor bench in 40 degree weather.  Also try their famous roast pork sandwich.  Tender cuts of roasted pork seasoned perfectly with their secret family recipe.  I suggest the  large roasted pork sandwich with mild provolone, onion rings and a root beer...heaven on Earth.  The line to this place was out the door when we got there and now I know why.  

This place is kinda off the beaten path - having a GPS in the car helped, but we still ended up making a few wrong turns before we found it.  Parking isn't a problem - you can park on the street, or, if that isn't available, there is a shopping center right across the street that has tons of parking.
I am tempted to take off a star as this place is not conveniently located, has piss poor hours, is crowded and is generally a giant pain in the ass to visit. Ahem, that said, I can't do any such thing. The sandwiches here were too fabulous. 

I was torn between roast pork and cheesesteak. Luckily I had someone who was more than willing to share with me. We could have added a third person to the share, seriously. It was tough to finish it all. We suffered with joy though.

First...the cheesesteak. The bread is crusty but densely soft in the middle. The meat is delicious, high quality and high volume. It makes a real presence in this sandwich. Shocking because this is a seriously cheesy concoction. The meat has to be good to stand up to the oozing perfection of sharp provolone. The onions added much happiness for my palate. It's evilly yummy. They cook to order which really makes it a step above in the cheesesteak game.

The roast pork is deep and richly flavored, peppery and porky. You might want to stick with a small if you are not a big eater, they do pile on the meat. With spinach and sharp provolone it balances into absolute bliss. The bun could barely stand up to the amazing juiciness but I did not mind a bit. Messy can work.

Tough call on which was the better pick, hard to get either in my neck of the woods so I was blown away by both. I say find an amenable friend and share. Kudos to Susan G who recommended it to me.
Awesome cheese steak. This is a real SOUTH PHILLY cheese steak. Great bread, stuffed with meat!! Forget the neon bs of Passyunk Ave, this is the real deal!!!  This place rocks
Wish I knew how the cheesesteaks and roast pork taste.  Unfortunately, even though all the doors were open, and lots of people were eating outside, we got there at 2:55.  As my 7-year-old walked through the door just in front of me, my wife, and the baby, both the girl cleaning up and the guy behind the counter SCREAMED at him, "We're closed!". Before he could turn around, we got through the door, upon which the guy (I assume it was the owner) shouted, "I said we're closed!!". 

I don't care if the f*$king cheesesteaks make you orgasm, I'll never go back there, and I'll warn everyone to stay away.  If my kids weren't with me, I would have cursed the jerk out.
My group had 3 hours to tour Philadelphia, and we hit the popular landmarks like Independence Hall, the Reading Terminal Market, the Rocky Balboa steps, the LOVE park, and of course trying a Philadelphia Cheese steak... or in our case, cheese steaks, as in plural.

When I asked locals where to find the best cheese steaks, they all said John's Roast Pork.  Say what?  Apparently roast pork is as popular as the cheese steak. In fact, Philadelphia is better known for the roast pork, but tourists seem to think its just cheese steaks.

Before heading to the most recommended place, we had to hit the touristy stop of Geno's Steaks (claimed as Philadelphia's original) and Pat's King of Steaks (the originator of the steak sandwich).  Hands down, locals will say these are not the best steak sandwiches, but its like telling someone coming to California to avoid going to Pink's hot dog in LA, or an In-N-Out Burger.  They're not bad... but they're not the best either.

Now, off to John's Roast Pork, where the locals say have the best sandwich in Philadelphia.

John's Roast Pork has been around since 1930 and have been voted Best Philly Pork, and have won the "James Beard" award.  The hot roast pork is their specialty.  Adding cheese (provolone or cheddar) is extra, as well as spinach. Upon entering, you have to go to the correct queue to order your pork or beef sandwich.  The first stop is for the grilled items, such as a cheese steak, which I ordered a steak sandwich with provolone. It comes only 1 size, and made to order.

The next stop is the pork sandwiches, where you can order a large or small, with or without cheese and spinach.  I thought I ordered with spinach, but apparently I received a small with provolone only.  

I really liked the steak sandwich, but wasn't a fan of the sesame seed roll.  The roast pork was delicious, but sadly missing the spinach.  I tried a bite of my friend's and the spinach really did add the extra flavor.  

I'm glad to say we were able to try a few places while in Philly.  It's a great city with a lot of food and culture.  I'd gladly come back to explore the city some more.

Limited, covered, outside eating area available and slightly heated. You'll probably need a car, so if you can't find a driver, Uber it! Here, use code micheller1202 and get a free ride on me.
Ok ok so I was the ultimate tourist and went to those "other" places to try , what I thought, would be the best Philly cheesesteaks ever. My, was I wrong. It wasn't until I started to ask around that I knew I was really missing out on the good stuff. Twice I was recommended to try johns roast pork. It sure did live up to the hype and then some.
It's amazing how small changes can make all the difference in a cheesesteak.
The meat was seasoned and the cheese (American) was mixed with the meat and the onions. The bread was a sesame seed hoagie. It was all wrapped up in foil to keep it piping hot. My first bite was like heaven, If heaven were in a patio lined with plastic freezer curtains, one patio heater and picnic tables. 
Even though it was snowing outside, I was not going to be deterred from trying this philly staple. 
It was so good I came back twice! Had to bring some of this goodness back home (to Orange County... it barely survived the flight) and worth every minute I had to wait! 
Don't bother with the other hyped up places, the cheesesteaks here are all you need to indulge in the  city of Philadelphia! Check it!!!!!
When I found out I was heading to Philly I started doing my research. I needed to finally have a good Philly cheesesteak sandwich. My last trip to Philly I had one at Abners in University City, which was... okay. I had another at the airport, which was not. I had never truly had a cheesesteak sandwich that made me understand why they were such a big deal.

So when my internet sleuthing showed me, pretty definitively, that the best cheesesteaks in Philly were not at Geno's or Pat's but at a small spot, several miles away from the action of downtown, across the street from an IHOP and an old warehouse, and with a name that paid homage not to their Philly cheesesteak but to their roast pork sandwich, I had ... a healthy skepticism. Nevertheless I decided to undertake the 2.4 miles walk from historic Independence Hall to taste it for myself.

Once I got there I was immediately sold. It has the throw-back and slightly grimy appearance that only restaurants that have truly stood the test of time have. I was pretty hungry by the time I arrived and I was sorely tempted to get both a cheesesteak AND a roast pork sandwich, but once I saw the size of the sandwiches I knew there was no way. These babies are huge!

The steak was perfectly seasoned and chopped and grilled up with tender onions and topped with super tasty provolone. The place where most cheesesteak spots seem to come up really short is in the bun, and here John's Roast Pork really pulled out the stops with a slightly toasted and fresh sesame seed bun.

I simply can't recommend this place enough, I want to go back and try their roast pork!
So many Cheese steak places how do u choose? A friend mentioned this was a good one to check out glad we did.
Line was pretty decent to get in but moved rather quickly. 
Once inside there's a bit too much chaos, crowded small space people are kind off on top of each other u gotta pay attention to the guys shouting out to take orders. 
We got two Cheese steaks with provolone cheese, onions & an order of the onion rings.
Chop chop & down the line we got our sandwiches then headed out since it was a bit too cold no real room to sit in the inside seating area it's a bit small but there was no room outside seating available should u choose to brave the weather. 
My sandwich was amazing great tasting meat nice & hot with the melted cheese wow this was very good. Onion rings were great as well Fried & way too greasy but so good nice & super crispy they really went well with the sandwich washed all this down with a slice soda not bad. 
Price wise it's a bit confusing since prices are not listed u need to grab a menu for that. 
The cheesesteak sandwich is huge depending on your appetite enough to share 1 between two people our bill was $26 in change cheap enough. 
Cheesesteak sandwich was delicious worth the wait & craziness inside.
Honestly, the best cheesesteak I've ever had. 

And that is saying something. If you haven't noticed by now, I am a connoisseur of food that's not so great for you , or as some might call it, children's food* (nice knowing you). As such, cheesesteaks hold a special spot in my clogged artery laden heart. Johns delivers on exactly what I was looking for in the perfect steak: each bite had a copious amount of cheese, the peppers were evenly distributed, the meat was seasoned to perfection, and the roll was just the right amount of crispy. The place was packed at 12 when we rolled into town, but it was worth the wait. I will say the guys who run this South Philly staple are a bit gruff; lest you try to order roast pork in the grill line..oh man god help you (there's a sign you guys, can't you read?). Again though, the abuse was worth it, the food lives up to the hype. 

5 stars for food, minus one for the abuse (the guy yelling hit his head on the vent while we were there, it was hard to feel too bad for him #karma). 

_________
*For real though, 12 year old me would be stoked that we're still into this crap
Full Disclosure! I went on a mini cheese steak tour into the city with my friends, and we went to eight total places. My review will reflect my opinion of only a basic cheese steak with choice of cheese, and in comparison to each other. I'll additionally disclose when I went to each place, to consider how full we already were.

Stop 6 of 8. This place had nice seating options, both inside and outside, and it was cozy, but on the point of a bit disheveled. However you don't come to JRP for the aesthetics - you come for the steak, and man was it amazing. We got the cheese steak with American cheese, and the bread is on point with sesame seeds. The cheese was melted consistently throughout the steak, and the meat was well seasoned with more pepper, which I'm a fan of. This was our favorite steak through our tour, and I without a doubt will go again.
Review is specifically for the Roast Pork. 40 minutes waiting on line for a subpar sandwich. I should have known better when everyone was ordering a cheesesteak. Why it sucked. 

1. The roast pork is really nothing special. It's actually a bit dry. The only thing that saves it is the sharp provolone. 

2. I thought a traditional roast pork comes with broccoli rabe, spinach or some greens. The menu doesn't suggest it or provide that option. At least it's not clear cut. Yet, numerous photos shows it. 

Skip the roast pork unless dry pork is your thing. Stick with the cheesesteaks, which I hear is great.
if you have limited time in philly to do roast pork or a philly cheesesteak, just come straight to john's. this is a local spot open since 1930. even our uber driver asked us why we wanted to go to geno's and pat's after we ate here saying the locals preferred john's. 

the meats are fresh and high quality here. i loved the roast pork with spinach and only ordered it after seeing everyone order it here. piping hot and steaming. the cheesesteak was also delicous. the buns with sesame seeds are perfectly soft. 

service was fast and the ladies were sweet here. hope this family business lasts another 90 years.
I came for the Roast Pork. It's in the name of the shop.

There are countless places to get a fantastic cheesesteak. But when people talk about roast pork sandwiches with sharp provolone and greens, there are three places on the top of everyones list. 

Up until last week, I had only been to two of them. On this last trip to Philadelphia, a visit to John's was at the top of my list of things to do. Which is why it was the very first thing I ate once arriving to the city.

All the top places are popular. But even though we went at an off time, finding seating in the shade was a challenge. I can't even imagine what this place must look like during the noontime rush. 

Personally, I wasn't crazy about the sesame seeded roll. Sure, it's a premium product. But for me it takes away from the star of the show, and that should be what's happening inside the bun.

This pork is fantastic. The cheese is delicious. The greens, are where John's lost me. And it's not that there is anything wrong with sautéed spinach, I just prefer these sandwiches with a gutsier green. Rabe is my jam. 

Ideologically, I also think the greens belong on the top of this sandwich, so that the garlic isn't buried under layers of meat. But I can understand why people might take a different approach.

Taken as a whole, it's possible this is a five star local institution. But like I said, I came for the roast pork. And it's delicious, even if it isn't my pick for the best of the best.
Finally made it to this instition of cheesesteaks. 

I was always intrigued about this place, because it consistently was ranked among the top 3 places in all of Philly by numerous restaurant guides for cheesesteaks. Much to my surprise, the roast pork sandwich was as good, if not better than the cheesesteak.

It's pretty out of the way to get here, if your visiting center city, which is why I've never made it here until recently, even though I've visited Philly numerous times.

There's two lines. One for roast pork and one cheesesteaks and everything else. I ordered a pepper cheesesteak and we split a roast pork with broccoli robe sandwich and a side of onion rings.

The portion sizes here are very generous and eating a cheesesteak and splitting the roast pork sandwich and onion rings, pretty much filled me up for the entire day.

The cheesesteak was flavorful and tasty. Not sure if its the best in Philly, but it was definately one the best. The roast pork surprised me. It was juicy, tender, and flavorful. I think it might be better than Dinic's. The onion rings were just okay. Nothing special.
CASH ONLY!! And really a 3.5 star review.

It was my First time to Philadelphia, and even though I am not a meat eater, I felt obligated to try the famous cheese steak. 

This location Is not far from citizens bank park, and is situated in the middle of a center divide between two streets. Parking was no trouble. 

The food was fantastic--5 stars

But their customer service--2 stars. They were pushy, and we felt rushed. This was my first time ordering here and they were annoyed that we didn't know how to order (there was literally no one in line behind us so no need to rush guys!) They would not listen to our questions instead they talked over us answering whatever they thought we were asking. 

You order on far left be sure to let them know any add ins (onions) and cheese you want on it. Pay on the far right. Extra pickles and toppings outside in the outdoor seating area.
This place has been on my bucket list for a long time. Was in the area today and had to stop in and try this much talked about roasted pork. It was 10 am and even though they had a lot of tempting breakfast items I along with others were going for the pork. You can see the delicious pork marinating in its juices. 
          The small pork sandwich was made for me with sharp provolone and spinach. I had some hot peppers and very good pickles on the side. I am glad I got a small because it was absolutely stuffed with tender flavorful juicy pork with lots of very sharp provolone with a healthy amount of spinach. Would have loved some broccoli rabe but it was not available. Had a side of French fries which were nice and crisp. The large sandwich must be huge. I am so happy I stopped in. From now on special trips for this delicious food is warranted.
I always cringe when tourists come into Philly and some idiot sends them to one of the two places they shouldn't.  Blah is the best cheesesteak, blah number 2 is the best cheesesteak- in reality they both totally suck. Skip those smoke and mirrors tourists and eat here!

This is really philly roast pork and cheesesteaks.  Good bread, quality meat, sharp cheese, juicy, garlicky delicious sandwiches.

Get a roast pork sandwich with spinach, eat it immediately.
John's served me the 3rd cheesesteak I've ever had, and now I really wonder if the whole "three's a charm" saying has more merit than I've given it.

I pulled up rather early on a Monday, parked easily, and walked in.  The line was only a few deep, so I was able to order fast.  Unfortunately, I was not up on the process of ordering so I became that customer in line that blunders things, sheesh.  

Their specialty is the roast pork sammich, so they ask if you're getting pork or something on the grill.  I guess I assumed that a sammich is a sammich and surely it's the same to get a pork or a cheesesteak, but I was wrong!  The grill was what I wanted, and now I know.

I ended up ordering a Mushroom Cheesesteak with ketchup, onions and mild provolone, and also a Pork Spinach sammich.  I loved that they cooked my cheesesteak meat with the veggies, right in front of me.  Both sammiches were big and heavy, and definitely loaded up!

The cheesesteak meat was definitely the most flavorful that I have had (without being salty) in the few sammiches I had had while in town.  The onions were cooked with the meat, whereas other sammiches' onions seemed like they were a bit more caramelized from being cooked separately, & then added on top, so that gave it a bit of a different flavor.  And I think that just having provolone, and no whiz, is the way to go for me.  I mowed through half that thing, and then made people at the airport and on my flight home jealous with the meaty smells of the rest of it.  Haha, sorryyyyyy!!!

Though the pork sammich was not my fave, I can see how others would love it.  It's loaded with very flavorful (but salty, for my salt-sensitive palate) thinly sliced very lean pork, and topped with velvety textured (yet also salty, to me) sauteed spinach, and in my case, mild provolone.  The meat juices soak the bread - which I do love - and it was seasoned well.  I think if you like a more lean meat, the leanness of the pork would make you happy.  But for this fatty meat lover, it was too lean.

So, when I'm back in town and wanting a cheesesteak, it looks like this will be the place that I make a special trip to!

Oh, and for those of you who are interested, Federal Donuts is not far from here.  Wink wink.
I've heard so much about John's Roast Pork. by so many people. so I figured I'd give it a try. I wound of getting a small roast pork with sharp provolone... there is indoor seating & outdoor seating. And even on a cold cold day the indoor seating is still warm and there's always seats available. The only issue is when it's packed and there's a long line and it's chilly outside because basically that's where u have to wait. till the line goes down. Inside there's two separate lines. one line is for cheesesteaks only. and the other line is for meatball sandwiches. sausage sandwiches. roast beef sandwiches. Roast pork sandwiches. and whatever else you're getting. Is it worth all the fuss that they make John's Roast Pork out to be. Yes. It's by far the best roast pork sandwich I have ever had. from anywhere in Philly. they put so much meat on the sandwiches. a small is plenty for the average person. Also the indoor seating area they have peppers and pickles ketchup mustard for sandwiches. And they also now accept credit and debit.

I definitely look forward to coming back here in near future for another sandwich
I am a Jew and John's Roast Pork makes me so happy that I do not keep kosher.  

Seriously guys, swine is awesome, especially if it comes in the form of a roast pork sandwich from this place.  I understand that we developed these culinary rules because our nomadic nature as an infant culture made sedentary animals(like pigs) poor choices for our lifestyle(which is why we preferred sheep and such)...but I have abandoned the ancient ways and I feast upon the flesh of the unclean...or something.  

If God did not want us to eat pork from this restaurant, why did he make it so great?  The meat is wonderfully seasoned and tender.  All you need is roast pork and sharp provolone and you are good to go for lunch.

The cheesesteak is pretty good too.

Protip: Call ahead to place your order.  They might have up to an hour wait before you get your sandwich.

(please don't take this review too seriously)
Today was my second visit and I still think the place was just OK. I only revisited because I saw it featured on Bizarre Foods and wanted to give it a second try since Andrew was raving about both sandwiches. I say the cheesesteak is the better choice of the two and the long line of people waiting for cheesesteaks was also a good indicator of what to order. Overal, I say it was more of 3.5.

The food:

Cheesesteak with sharp provolone and onions- This was the clear winner of the two but also the one you have the wait the longest for. The sandwich was pretty good but the beef was not as tender as I was expecting. When they ask if you want mild or sharp provolone, you get the sharp, it was so damn good. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=LOgM4wHMUs0h2DXDtTR58w&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA

Roast Pork with sharp provolone and spinach- This was just so so for me but the sandwich that came out super quick. The sandwich was lacking in a few areas, the soggy bread was an issue, the roast pork was on the dry side and didn't have the best texture. But the sharp provolone, like above, was bomb!!!
Why didn't I stick with my first instinct and get the Roast Pork, I mean the place is called John's Roast Pork that should have been more than enough to let me know what their best item was but no I was in Philly and I was on a cheesesteak crawl so I went with the cheesesteak and that was a huge mistake.

I'll start with the positive, you can tell their steak is a pretty quality piece of meat but that is where it ends, the meat was lacking flavor and a bit on the dry side, I'm all for letting meat stand on its own but some seasoning is a must. Even though it is a cheesesteak, cheese was hard to come by as I didn't taste it throughout the sandwich.

Staff is a bit annoying, I know Philly cheesesteak places want people moving in and out as fast as possible but give me a chance to work things out friend and no need to be a douchebag when I'm gladly giving you my money.

Place is a little hole in the wall but I think the outside benches are a nice touch and the do it yourself peppers and pickles are a plus as well. 

I might return to try this roast pork but cheesesteak can't be on my order list ever again.
Anyone who claims there is a different "best cheesesteak in philly" is off their rocker. This competition isn't even fair - they need to make a separate category for John's Roast Pork.

My first time we went right before a snowboarding trip at 6:45am (first in line!). Probably not the best balanced breakfast to get you geared up for a day of physical activity, but by golly, was it worth it. I seem to be the only one who thinks this, but it has the mouth-watering, semi-sweet aroma of a fresh  cha siu bao (Chinese roast pork bun). Get it with sharp provolone and call ahead (or go as soon as they open like we did).

You will not leave this place unchanged.
THIS IS THE BEST CHEESESTEAK in the city.

First off... they do not have a pile of already cooked (aka... unimportant) meat & onions like the tourist factories. This is not banquet service... they make each sandwich, from start to finish, for each customer... as you should expect from any place that's not a buffet.

Also... any place worth a grain of salt will melt the cheese onto/into the meat.

The roll is perfect... not sure where it comes from. It's similar to a Sarcone's... hands above an Amoroso. The outside is flaky, almost crispy... somewhat tough and chewy. Sesame seeds add an oily nuttiness that compliments this bready, yeasty gloriness.  The inside is spongy and absorbent... perfectly sucking in the juice/grease of the steak & the oil infused onions.

The onions are cooked throughout... unlike the large diced behemoths at the tourist spots. This is imperative... so that they release their oil which completely changes their flavor.

The meat itself is quality sirloin (typical) and seasoned well.

The thing that really sets them apart... THE SHARP!!! They do aged provolone on their steaks. Provolone is a great cold sandwich cheese, but I usually do American on my steaks because provolone loses it's flavor when heated. Aged provolone, however, is a different story. Heat it up and it still bites... in fact it gets better. A huge factor in what makes roast pork sandwiches so freakin' divine.

If you want the best steak in the city... order one with the sharp & onions. 

*** THIS IS IMPERATIVE... EAT IT IMMEDIATELY!!! ***

Whatever you do... Do not get it to go!!!

If the sandwich gets wrapped up (longer than it takes to walk out to their patio) the heat / steam will ruin the roll, which is arguably the most important aspect of a great sandwich. No matter if you're a block away... do not get it to go!!! Hold it, caress it... do whatever need be to keep it safe without smothering (wrapping) your baby. You just bought a Picasso... give it the respect it deserves... then tear it up:)

PS... If you order your steak with "WIZ"... you're SOL... they only make real cheesesteaks here.

PSS... The roast pork here is bettered by Paesano's (best in city), DiNic's, Tony Lukes, Jake's... aka... get a cheesesteak.
Big expectations turns into huge disappointment

The family and I were looking to complete our foodie tour of Philly with John's.

I heard of John's from Food Insider and thought I'd give it a try. Food insider usually makes interesting and trendy recommendations. 

To be clear on my rubric- For me, I rate a restaurant on overall experience- not just the food, but environment, cleanliness, and weighing the most- service. For me this one star is a result of an incredibly and memorably disappointing experience. I have been to restaurants with lower quality food, but because the service was polite and friendly- I will NOT give them anything lower than 3 stars as service will always leave the biggest impact on whether I want to return or not. John service was the complete opposite- embarrassing, unempathetic and undignified. I usually end my reviews with service, but since this is the biggest issue I have- I will start with service. I will NEVER return to John's and I will always perceive John's Roast Pork as a place with an extremely entitled and condescending worker, who gets a kick out of trying to embarrass paying customers- both will forever leave a extremely negative memory of this establishment.

Without further a-due:

To start as I entered the establishment there are 2 signs at 2 locations- one for Grilled, steaks, and breakfast and another is for beef, pork, and meatballs. When I made it to the grilled, steaks, and breakfast sign i was met by this man(see picture- I usually refer to men as gentlemen but he is extremely far from gentlemanly) who was distributing completed orders, joking with his colleagues, and standing around. As this is my first time and I was very excited to top off my cheese steak experience I asked him if this is the place for me to make an order. He then went on a big unnecessary rant on how I need to read the 2 signs clearly and I must place my order under the right locations. I saw it said steaks and beef... (they come from the same animal) I'm from NYC and unfamiliar with philly cheese steak culture, so to confirm I said if I ordered cheese steaks it's at his station right? He did not say yes or no, he stared at me mockingly and once again went on a huge condescending and rude rant and repeated himself. Was it necessary to try and embarrass me...the paying customer when a simple yes or no would have sufficed? So I waited patiently. After 5 minutes of him standing and joking with his colleagues I said I wanted to order some cheese steaks and I wanted to confirm this was the line to order. He looked at me confused- repeated his long rant yet again with rude pleasure. THEN after a minute of lecture, smugly said he is not taking any orders now and told me to "relax". Again, a simple "yes or no " and then a simple "I'll take your order in a second" would have saved EVERYONE disappointing experiences. This attitude will NEVER fly in NYC where I'm from... someone would have thrown something at him for having this kind of smug unnecessary attitude. I waited patiently and after another 5 minutes he took my order.

The cheese steaks was ok... Nothing to crave over. They did not have cheese Whiz which is a disappointment.  Their Roast pork was also ok. 

 Just because you are successful does not give ANYONE the right to speak that way to other people. On my end, as an ELITE, thru my embarrassing experience I whole heartedly DO NOT recommend John's to ANYONE- both on Yelp and to all my personal friends and family. 

I think there's a level of history and false sense of business security a restaurant gets after a long stint of success. I appreciate Yelp in this sense, allowing customers to voice concerns, and hopefully someone in management can remedy this issue before it spirals out of control.
In my opinion, THE best cheesesteak in Philly although they are known for their roast pork sandwiches as well.  While many may rave about Tony Luke's or Pats and Genos, John really knows how to cook his cheesesteaks using quality meat, cheeses (recommend sharp provolone!), and bread (crispy on outside with some sesame seeds, soft on inside). Moreover the price you pay for a cheesesteak (~$10) equates to its big portions AND high quality taste. 

I recommend calling in your order at least an hour beforehand if it is around lunch time, otherwise expect to wait in line about 30 minutes or more during lunch/dinner time hours where they is a good line coming out of restaurant, which lack of a better word looks like a big shack.  Parking is difficult as there is only street parking but can easily park in the lots adjacent to the place and walk over.

This place only accepts cash so make sure to go to the ATM beforehand. 

Right outside there are a couple tables to eat at and condiments are there as well.  Otherwise pretty friendly and outspoken staff looking to serve you THE best cheesesteaks in the city in my personal opinion after having tried all of the other cheesesteak joints!
My boyfriend and I went to John's Roast Pork on a Friday afternoon because we have heard so much about it. It is totally worth the hype.

John's is basically a little shack and the line gets long fast. There are picnic tables outside to eat at and the parking is pretty haphazard.

We shared a cheesesteak with onions and sharp provolone and a roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone and spinach.

The cheesesteak was amazing. I usually like whiz on my steaks because provolone never seems to melt correctly, but John's steak was so hot and fresh that the cheese was all melty and luscious. They take their time making their steaks and I appreciate the quality. It was a perfect steak- not overcooked, good cheese-to-meat-to-bread ratio and it had those toasty caramelized bits that come only from a well-seasoned grill.

The pork sandwich was also incredible. I was surprised by the spice, it was so flavorful. I didn't like it as much as the cheesesteak, but I'm not a big fan of pork. These sandwiches can get soggy fast, so eat them as soon as possible. Also, if you get a large, this sandwich is HUGE.

If they could get an extra star, I'd give them one for the sesame rolls.

I would love to try breakfast here, that grill must make some great eggs.
All the hype and I was underwhelmed. Don't get me wrong, the Roast pork with spinach and sharp provolone is a very good sandwich, but not at the top of my list. They soak the pork here and the roll gets soggy. It's huge and you will be satisfied and stuffed.
My preferences would be Dinic's and Tony Luke's.
Been wanting to come here for a long time and happy I did.
Regular readers know of my quest to search for a proper Philly cheese steak that will top my unbridled love for the offerings from Philly's Best (ironically located in Chicago!). Admittedly, my love for a Philly's Best cheese steak may simply be my nostalgia for late-night college eat. Regardless, I can count on one hand the number of Philly-based cheese steak joints that have impressed me. In my mind though, the one place that is at the top of cheese steak glory and trumps Philly's Best is South Philly stalwart, John's Roast Pork.

Open for more than fifty years, John Bucci Jr. is proud of the fact that his sandwiches contain fewer, but higher quality ingredients. Should be no surprise that my recommendation for Philly's best cheese steak was awarded the James Beard Award for Culinary Excellence back in 2006!

It's a small location, with just enough space to place your order at the cheese steak or roast pork stations. Once you pick up your order, there are tables outside to enjoy your sandwiches.

On this particular visit, I ordered the foot long cheese steak (American cheese, 'wit) and had to try the large version of their eponymous sandwich, with sharp provolone and spinach. 

Large Roast Pork Sandwich [$8.75] with Sharp Provolone [+ $0.75]

My large roast pork was definitely gargantuan. It was even larger than the foot long cheese steak! I loved that they use a seeded Carangi's roll here, which offers great texture on the outside and plenty of yeasty bread within to sop up the juice. The pork was juicy and well-seasoned, with the funky hit of sharp provolone making each bite for me. The spinach helped to balance out the richness, but a light sandwich this is not. Admittedly, Dinic's is still my favorite roast pork sandwich, but more due to their garlicky broccoli rabe and the over-abundance of the sharp provolone featured on their roast pork sandwiches.

Cheese Steak [$9.25]

But really, I was here for the cheese steak. And I was not disappointed. I can see why whiz isn't ever allowed here. It's not needed! I often feel the need to double up on American cheese and whiz on my cheese steaks because most places offer a dry sandwich without enough creaminess. Here, the meat was high quality and well-seasoned, with a proper mix of fried onions. But better yet, the copious amount of American cheese helped to create a creamy, yet meaty bite. Hands down my favorite for best in Philly.

So if you're looking for a high-quality cheese steak, obviously stay away from Pat's and Geno's. Ishkabibble's and Jim's on South Street will set you right. But my recommendation. Take the extra trek down to South Philly by the Ikea on South Columbus and make sure to bring cash. You won't be disappointed!
After reading all the great reviews and seeing all the awards for their roast pork sandwiches we had to stop in. When we arrived the parking lot was full, we had to wait in line for a while so we were thinking this food has to be great. We ordered their famous roast pork sandwich. The bread had great texture, the meat was seasoned well and had great flavor and chew, the provolone and broccoli rabe pulled the sandwich together. I see why they are so famous! This was one of the best roast pork sandwiches we have ever had. We would highly recommend stopping in and giving them a try.
We were really missing our travels to Philly and were psyched to find out that  John's Roast Pork delivers nationwide on Goldbelly for some Philly at home! 

We ordered the Ultimate Philly Cheesesteak for 4. It came well packaged, and prep was easy - although we had to bake it for longer than instructed for the cheese to melt completely.

These cheesesteaks are massive with sandwiches that are 9-10" long. They contain a mound of tender and delicious meat in Italian loaf and topped with generous American cheese and onion. I wished for more toppings, but the overall sandwich was delicious. The bread remained crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I managed to eat 3/4 of the sandwich, although le hubby finished his. Needless to say, we were very full. 

Definitely satiated our craving for Philly cheesesteak, and we would order again!
I know it's sacrilegious not to bow down to their mastery of hot roast pork and cheese steaks, but I just don't get it. It's not bad. It's often good . But I rarely crave it. The pork is just sliced in jus. It's not special. I make much better at home or I'd rather go to DiNics . To be honest the best ever was the original Shanks on 10th. The last cheese steak was a meaty mess which is unfortunate considering I ate it there. The way people gush bewilders me. I've been going here for a long time. Someone always says it's the best. I do dig the breakfast sandwiches.
Allow me to start this review off by saying that John's Roast Pork had the best Cheesesteak I have ever tasted. However, it wasn't much better than any other cheesesteaks I have ever had. Before coming to Philadelphia, my boyfriend and I researched the best locations for Philly Cheesesteaks. Of course Pat's and Geno's came up, but we didn't want to go the typical tourist route. We wanted to get what the locals go for. Several "best cheesesteaks" lists included John's Roast Pork, so we decided that we would make our way to South Philly to try them out.

The sandwich I ordered at John's Roast Pork had steak, american cheese, and fried onions- your basic Philly cheesesteak. The sandwich was $10 which I personally thought was a little expensive as there wasn't much to the sandwich, but I was willing to pay for the experience (John's has been around since the 1930s!). The service at John's was decent. It was a typical lunch line, so I didn't expect much. The employees were by no means the friendliest people, but before coming we had read that cheesesteak places are known for their rude employees- John's employees weren't rude, but they weren't particularly nice. 

The sandwich was made relatively quickly, and we were able to get a picnic table outside. The first bite of my sandwich was good, but it was piping hot so I had to wait a bit before taking another. Once my sandwich cooled down and I was able to enjoy it. The cheese was perfectly melty, the bread was great and the fried onions had a lot of flavor. There was nothing special about the steak. Honestly the best part of the sandwich was the bread which was slightly crusty on the outside and soft on the inside. This was probably the only part of the sandwich that made it any better than any other cheesesteak I've had in my life.

I will also mention that I only ate half of the sandwich as it was super greasy,as expected, and very filling. I felt pretty gross eating it.

I am glad that I got to experience a true Philadelphia Cheesesteak, but I'm not sure I would ever want to go back. I just wasn't blown away. I'm not sure if that's because John's Roast Pork was just ok or if I'm just not a big fan of cheesesteaks. Who knows.
On my second day of my trip in Philly, the friend I visited and I met up with a couple of his other friends who grew up in Philly.  On their recommendation, we went here for lunch.  The said that it would be the best Philly cheesesteak we've ever had.  They also suggested that we try the roast pork sandwhich as well, so my friend and I got one of each and then split the halves. 

At this place you order inside and then sit outside.  When my friend and I had gotten our food we noticed there was a little area to get condiments, but we wanted to sit our stuff down first.  After we sat down we decided to just take a bite of each sandwich first, then get our condiments; however, our sandwiches were SO good we didn't want to get up, so we just kept on eating them until they were gone. Both the roast pork and the steak were so juicy and flavorful they didn't need anything added to it.  I especially loved when the meat of the roast pork soaked into the bread.

All in all we were not lied to when we were told that John's Roast Pork had the best Philly cheesestakes in town.  I may even think the have the best sandhiwches in Philly period.
Many visits to John's and they never disappoint.

Attn tourists: we Philly natives love this place as much as anyone, you're in good hands!

HOT ROAST PORK = AMAZING!!!!

CHEESESTEAK = EXCELLENT!!!!!

They finally take c-cards, YAY!!!!!

*   *   *   TIP   *   *   *
For the ultimate Philly specialty junk food experience, get your meal on at John's, then head a couple blocks away to Frangelli's Bakery for dessert. The "Frannoli" = cannoli + donut, and is AMAZING!

This is now our complete Philly calorie splurge date: John's + Frangelli's!!!!!

Love John's!
Pants down, this is the dopest philly sandwich money can buy. The roast pork is tops. Try it with spinach and sharp provalone. Also, their cheese steak will kick your Pats and Geno's asses all over town. Seriously though, can we get some real hours? I got a job. The only time I get to enjoy this joint is when I am unemployed or taking a day off.
John's is the BEST.  Worth every minute of the trip it takes to get down there.

First off - the rolls.  Sesame.  I've been told they are not Sarcone's, but they're just as good.  The meat is tender, juicy - never chewy or tasteless.  The cheesesteak is absolutely wonderful - miles ahead of the rivals up north.  The roast pork sandwich is also incredible - next time i'm in i'd like to try the roast beef or the chicken cutlet.

These sandwiches are a slice of heaven - if you've got relatives visiting, by all means, do them a favor and take them here.
I'm from NY, I totally understand behavior that some people might find rude, but these people take things to another level.   Calling them rude is not descriptive enough.  They serve food like slop in a mess hall at a penitentiary.  The guy taking orders actually lectured the whole restaurant to not to ask for vegetables (lettuce and tomatoes) on your sandwich because it would take up too much room and you would get less meat.  It was so bad our group considered going across the street to iHOP (after our 150-mile motorcycle ride).  

That being said, they served the best cheesesteak I've had in about three decades. Show up.  But show up with thick skin.
4pm on a Sunday and the place was packed like a can of sardines! Granted, it's a tiny shack, and there were way too many hangry folks anxiously waiting for their cheesesteaks. If you want just the roast pork, meatball, or roast beef, you don't have to wait to the long grill line. They'll announce it too, but in case they don't, just skip to the front where it says "order here for roast pork..." The long grill line is for everything else on the menu, particularly the cheesesteaks. You order at the corner and move along the line until you reach the register (credit cards accepted). Pay for your delicious heart attack in a bun and wait some more. 

I like that this place is no nonsense! You better know what you want when you get to the front... I admit, I was a little scurred, but lordy, one bite of that mushroom cheesesteak with sharp provolone and all my anxiety was gone. I'd wait 30 minutes again for it! The roast pork sandwich was really good too, but the cheesesteak was definitely the star. The roast pork is much better than DiNic's in Reading Terminal. 

The location is out of the way from downtown Philly and in an industrial area, but also surrounded by strip malls-- sounds weird right? It's in a corner with limited parking and there are only a few tables outside to enjoy your sandwich while it's hot. We opted for our car, but of course with all the condiments of banana peppers and pickles.
Omg!!! Such disappointment!!!
After searching the web for best Philly cheese steak in Philadelphia this one came out as #1.
I wonder for what!
Disgusting food, - Everything- rolls are nothing special, meat horrible, tasteless, rubbery and made me nauseous.  literally, cheese is rubbery too.
The person who was doing the meet was all drenches in sweat, I wonder if his sweat ended up in meet!!!!. No gloves, no forks.
anti-sanitary condition.
Absolutely horrible!!!!
Even Subway tastes better
This was a long time coming........

I had always wanted to try John's Roast Pork, and I finally made it there today.  Me, my mom and brother took a red eye flight from Phoenix back to Philadelphia.  After we picked up the car, this was the first place we stopped.  We found parking right out front (10:00am) and I walked inside and placed my order.  I went with a cheesesteak with American cheese and onions, and a large roast pork with sharp provolone and spinach for us 3 to split.  I grabbed a soda and some waters and paid the lady my money ($22.00 and change).   Took my sandwiches outside and dug in.  Here is how they were............

Roast Pork Sandwich-  This was only the second time I have had a roast pork sandwich.  The first one I had was at Dinics in the Reading Terminal Market, and I thought it was just ok and a bit overrated.  John's version was definitely better than Dinics, but I was still not super impressed.  The sandwich was laid out well.  It had tons of meat on it, very tasty sharp provolone and then a decent layer of spinach.  The best part of the sandwich was the sharp provolone.  It was melty, tangy and gave a nice "bite" to the sandwich.  The meat tasted alright, but it was a tad too chewy/stringy.  A little hard to describe but I didn't have a clean bite through the half of a sandwich I ate.  Not bad in any way, but I am pretty sure that going forward, I won't be ordering any more roast pork sandwiches.  I much prefer a hoagie or a cheesesteak.  3 stars.

Cheesesteak-  I had kept reading/hearing about reviews stating that John's had the best cheesesteak in town.  I cannot disagree with that statement.  This thing came with a grip of tender steak, tons of melted cheese and a decent amount of fried onions.  All of this was piled into a sturdy and delicious roll.  It was a damn fine cheesesteak, and one of, if not the best I have ever had.  5 stars.

Overall, it was solid! I would not hesitate to come back again.  If/when I do,  I would definitely get a cheesesteak but would skip the roast pork. This place has been in business since 1930.  That says something right there.  I can definitely see why John's is so popular and why the people of Philadelphia keep coming back!  Definitely deserving of the James Beard award that they proudly display inside!
Allow me to share what is probably an unpopular opinion: The cheesesteaks at John's are better than the roast pork.

I have had a few cheesesteaks in my day and I always thought they were completely overrated and gross... until I tried John's.
What made this cheesesteak great was the sesame bread and the gooey cheese running throughout the steak. It was just a flavor bomb of deliciousness.

I also tried half of a roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone and onions and spinach. It was a good sandwich, the pork was juicy and everything, I just liked the cheesesteak more. My BF agreed and said he wished he'd gotten a full cheesesteak for himself. 

The lines are a bit confusing for a first timer but luckily the guys cooking don't yell at you and give you anxiety about ordering.

Next time I'm in Philly, I'll be back.
I'm going to make John's Roast Pork 7 for 7 by giving it another 5-star review.

Obviously, the roast pork sandwiches are amazing. You would sort of expect that. But the cheesesteaks? Oh my freaking God. Without question the best steak sandwich on the planet.

Don't believe me? Okay... imagine this... you're hungry. You think to yourself, "self, a cheesesteak sounds great right about now." You go to John's Roast Pork because seven Yelpers basically had an orgasm talking about how good it is. You order the cheesesteak. You wait for the cheesesteak. You bite into the cheesesteak, and... wait a second... what is that flavor? Beef? In a cheesesteak??

That's when the heavens open up and show you the light.
Went here again with my cousin and her boyfriend. I think I like the sharp provolone more than mild. Also, I noticed the steak is not chopped super fine like some places. It helps everything stick together a bit better.

I love that every sandwich is made fresh, they don't have a pile of precooked meat sitting around.
This place puts up a fierce competition with Dinick's and Tony Lukes for traditional Philly sandwiches. So here's my judgement:
Best Roast Pork Sandwich:
1. John's Roast Pork - its in the title. the pork is sooo juicy and soo tender and the gravy they put on it does the trick! the Sharp provolone melts into the pork and the bread has sesame on it so its literally THE PERFECT sandwich. I even like the spinach more on this sandwich because it enhances the flavor of the sandwich, unlike broccoli rabe which usually steals the show. 
2. Dinick's - the pork is ALMOST as juicy and they include broccoli rabe! The broccoli rabe is an awesome addition that both tony luke's and dinick's offer but not John's Roast pork. 
3. Tony Luke's - Still delicious, which is why its on my list of top 3 in Philly.

Best Cheesesteak Sandwich:
1. Tony Luke's still takes this one home. Its not even a comparison to Pat's or Gino's (both trash cheesesteak places)
2. Dinick's. - SO gooood! I always get it with the provolone instead of the cheese wiz. just tastes better that way.
3. The rest...

So more about John's Roast Pork then.. It's literally a shack. You walk in and there's 2 lines, one for cheesesteak and one for their pork sandwiches. The line for the pork sandwiches actually moves faster.. I guess because the cheesesteaks are made to order. The service is fast for the pork sandwiches. Unlike the other cheesesteak places, John's charges extra for the hot peppers which s a damn shame because i love hot peppers. We also got the long hots. they were delicious. 

helpful note: this place takes credit card!
We stopped by since this spot is so well known but we were super disappointed with the sandwiches we tried.  

Mushroom Cheesesteak: Enjoyed this more than the Roast Pork Sandwich but it was not anything special compared to other cheesesteaks we've tried. 

Roast Pork Sandwich with Spinach: The bread was soggy, which was an unpleasant surprise. The meat also tasted only like salt and pepper.
CASH ONLY! There is an ATM on site.

John's is a Philadelphia staple for a reason. This is one of the few super-famous sandwich joints in the area that is truly worth all the praise it receives and a necessary spot for everyone to try, locals and tourists alike. This unassuming shack serves one of the greatest caloric investments I've made in a while.

Known for their garlicky, juicy roast pork, I knew exactly what I'd be ordering before I even arrived. This spot is situated in a busy part of South Philly, and there's plenty of parking around this place. I ordered the roast pork sandwich with mild provolone and spinach, and I can't recommend it enough! Dripping with juice and packed with the most amazing flavors. The meat was tender and perfectly marinated, and the bread roll was incredible. Like, I could take a nap in it. 

My mom and brother ordered Cheesesteaks -- one, a cheesesteak hoagie and one, a pepperoni cheesesteak. While my brother scarfed his pepperoni steak before I could try it, my mom hesitantly shared her Cheesesteak hoagie, and it was EASILY the BEST cheesesteak I've had since moving here. I've tried all the big names in cheesesteak, but this hoagie was next level. The only downside is it's 1.) HUGE (easily shareable) 2.) super messy. That to say, completely worth it all.

I left full and happy. The ordering was a little confusing, because there's two separate counters for steaks vs. pork. Even though there are signs, us noobs still managed to get a little confused. The service was quick, and the staff served up a healthy dose of south Philly sarcasm, which I appreciated. John Jr. himself was there, and he's everyone's best friend. He made an effort to ask us all how our sandwiches were, and came out to the covered outdoor eating area to chat with all the customers. (Should note, there's not heaps of seating, and even though it's covered, this might be better as a grab-n-go type of meal) 

Be sure to come hungry and grab extra napkins.
A must stop on quick trip back to Philly.
Pleasantly surprised to see the new expanded hours (7a-7p)  :)    As of 3/15.
No longer have to rush to beat the 2:30pm last call.
Ordered and enjoyed (as usual) a large pork sandwich with cheese and spinach. 
I have in my lifetime migrated from Pat's (35 years ago) to Geno's (25 years ago) with periodic ventures to Tony Lukes and DiNic's among a few others and without hesitation can say John's RP is my favorite. Over all my visits they have been consistently the best. Pork, cheese steak or anything else.
Keeping it simple and predictably consistent will always be a formula for success. 
Sitting down at a table and meeting new people is always fun. I enjoyed my lunch today with an opera singer from out of town. Culture at JRP, who would have guessed.   :))
Worth going slightly out your way.
It should become your favorite too.
No really, it's the best cheesesteak in the Illadelph! I don't care what people may say about the other (very worthy) establishments, John's cheesesteak is phenomenal (my mouth literally just started to water and I haven't been there in a month).

The hours are VERY limited but this place is not only worth the trip - it's worth playing hooky for. There are some tables outside and there's not a lot of room inside but if you want a posh atmosphere I think you've stumbled upon the wrong review for the wrong type of food.

A word to the wise, they call it John's Roast Pork for a reason so I suggest bringing a few bucks to get one of those as an appetizer while your steak is cooking or to bring on the road with you for dessert.
We drove about an hour and forty minutes to come here after reviewing dozens of blogs and reviews about which cheesesteak place was the best in Philly. We didn't want to just go to touristy Pat's and Geno's, we wanted to try the cheesesteaks that locals eat. Well, I didn't see many locals here, except for a couple of disheveled men pushing shopping carts past abandoned buildings. I'm convinced that if a restaurant can keep it's doors open in a neighborhood like this for 80+ years, it must be pretty damn good. (They opened in 1930) They are very proud of the fact that they don't serve cheese-wiz on their cheesesteaks.  However, I kind of wish that they did.

The cheesesteak was the best that I have ever had. With that being said, was I blown away? No. It was just a cheesesteak. 

I was expecting the staff to be rude there and I wasn't disappointed. The cook yelled at me when he messed up my order and had my fries sitting in the back for no reason. There was literally nothing I could've done "better." I even researched how to order the sandwich online so that I wouldn't get thrown to the back of the line. 

 I guess I'm just more of a New York City person. Philly cheesesteaks are good, and this was definitely the best that I've had. But I'd rather have a slice of pizza in Manhattan any day.
I must have gone to a different John's Roast Pork, because I sure don't get it.

First of all, if you have a normal job, good luck getting there at all.  Their hours have to be the worst of any food venue I've ever been to.  Luckily, I had a day off and could rush over to it before it closed at 3.  When a place says open til 3, you'd expect to be able to order food until 3. Unfortunately I got there at 2:45, which is a bad, since they turn off their grills at 2:30.  Apparently the staff is too lazy to work a second past 3pm so they have to clean up ASAP.  Anyway, we were stuck ordering a roast beef and a roast pork sandwich.  

The sandwiches became extremely soggy in the 30 seconds it took to walk from the cashier to the table, so I could not tell you about the bread quality.  As for the meat, it was average and tasted of salt and MSG, like an industrial au jus mix paste.  Just very salty and very wet.  The onions were just diced raw onions, and the hot peppers were just banana peppers.  Even the hot sauce was pretty standard, like a generic Tabasco (people can hate on Pat's all they want but their hot dried peppers and hot sauce are far superior to any other cheesesteak competitor).

All in all, this was a pretty average place, not bad, but certainly not deserving of the raving reviews I see here.  I did not get to try the cheesesteak due to the grill being turned off, but I doubt I'll be back to try it. With their bad hours and odd location, good luck to anyone with a normal job. Until they adopt a change of pace, this is little more than an OK place to spend your unemployment check.
Forget the Genos and Pats cheesesteak feud.  The number one cheesesteak is right here!   Johns roast pork is in my opinion better then both pats and Genos.   

Was going to a Philadelphia Flyers hockey game and told my family we had to go here for a sandwich.  It was all of our first times there but we heard a lot of good things about this place.   When you drive by it its on an island of its own and there is always a line but moves quickly. The air is engulfed with the smell of the grilling of cheesesteaks and onions.  We go into the place and you know you r in the right place when you se a lot of people ordering before you.   We ordered 2 roast pork with provolone and spinach and 2 cheesesteaks.  The Pork sandwich is prepared more quickly then the cheesesteak.  

The pork was done in about 5 min the cheesesteaks about 10-15 min. And you have to get the hommade peppers for a dollar extra they were delicious. The roast pork sandwich was amazing it was so moist and stuffed on a crispy sesame seed roll and the provolone was nice and sharp and then add the hot hommade pepper the sandwich was on top of the charts. 

The cheesesteak was equally delicious. Was made to order and was a fresh cut of beef wth American cheese I put the hot pepper in that sandwich too and was so good.  All 5 of us finished all 4 sandwiches.   

It's a definite must to go when you are going to a game or your in the area.  Either the cheesesteak or pork sandwich both are delicious but don't forget the hot peppers it brought the sandwiches to a different level of flavor.
Hands down, the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia. Period.  

My perfect cheesteak philosophy dictates that in order to make a quality cheesesteak, the meat must be fresh (frozen "steak-umm" squares need not apply), and on top of this, the meat must be freshly cooked.  That means each steak is individually made to order.  My theory is that the big famous places just can NOT give the personal attention to each cheesesteak in order to ensure optimum quality because of the sheer volume of sandwiches to be made in order to keep up with customer demand.

This place is in South Philly, in the middle of nowhere.  There's nothing but empty lots and warehouses around.  Also, the hours are really odd: 6:45AM - 3PM.  That's a good thing... because the inconvenient hours and location help to keep this place in relative obscurity.  That means less people coming through the place, giving the cook time to cook each sandwich individually. When you go there, you will see that the only meat on the grill is that which is being used to fill an order.   No pre-cooked piles of meat like some of the other more famous places.

This is one of the most substantial steaks I've ever eaten.  I know when a steak is properly sized when I struggle to eat the last couple bites.  This sandwich is PACKED with meat - unlike Pat's and Jim's, there is more meat than there is bread.  And the Sarcone's bread is awesome... crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside.  And some toasted sesame seeds for extra flavor.  The meat is the juiciest I've ever had.  The cheese pervades the meat, and it's warm and gooey, and the meat, cheese and onions all blend together into one unified flavor. I'm NEVER going to any of those other places ever again.  This place is so good, I believe that this one sandwich has made up for all the bad ones I've ever had.  I literally almost cried, it was so good.
As soon as i got off the plane, got my rental car, i made a B line straight to Johns roast pork!

Got a Roast pork with sharp provolone and spinach, it comes on a toasted sesame roll which is great because the roast pork and spinach have a lot of moisture and without a toasted roll it would be all mushy.  The bread held its crunch on the outside while the inside soaks up just enough juices from the pork and spinach to make it juicy.  The pork is tender and the spinach is a great match.  Pretty darn good sandwich.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/johns-roast-pork-philadelphia?select=dwCFmFiZA5SwDmuyJCylgw#dwCFmFiZA5SwDmuyJCylgw

Also got a Cheesesteak with onions and sharp provolone, it was my first official Cheesesteak in Philly.  I wasn't really impressed, with this one, i preferred the one back home.  They use the same toasted sesame roll as the pork sandwich I found it to be too dry and bread-y in this application.  I think with this bread you need to get it with wiz, i feel like that would have done the trick, or the traditional amoroso roll instead of this sesame roll.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/johns-roast-pork-philadelphia?select=aVqFONsu2p6CG1VR5eTmqw#aVqFONsu2p6CG1VR5eTmqw

Being a roast pork and Cheesesteak newbie, my inexperience showed and i ordered wrong.  There are 2 lines, one for roast pork and another for cheesesteaks.  If you are ordering one of each you have to order one from each station, i of course tried to order both from one line.  The guy (and other customers) was nice enough to let me cut in front of the other line and order my cheesesteak, because i didn't know how to order.  They were really nice about it.  I've been told that at Pats and Gino's they kick you out and make you go to the back of the line.

Each sandwich cost about $8 - $9.  I like that there are more choices with cheese; american, sharp and mild provolone, and wiz.  Sharp provolone is 75¢ extra.  There is a small parking lot in the back or just park along the street.
This is our very first Philly cheesesteak.  It was okay...  
I don't know if we built it up in our head, but it was a but disappointing.  
We got a philly steak with American cheese.  Cheese was very little and lacking.  Meat was plentiful and some flavors, but not super flavorful.  The sub is super big, enough for 2 people to share.  But the amount of cheese was not enough.  Only some bites where you can get the goodness and ooziness of the cheese.  
The place has street parking.  Tables and benches outside.  Small Condiment bar at the window.  Inside is only for standing and ordering.
I read up a lot on best places to get Philly cheesesteaks, and this place came up on a few lists so we decided to try it out.

It's located in a weird industrial area and parking isn't great (there is space to park next to the restaurant but the spaces aren't marked or anything so people just park however they want). The place is really tiny on the inside and, I imagine, gets pretty crowded during busy times. 

I was so overwhelmed and concerned that I would get in the wrong ordering line (one for cheesesteaks and one for roast pork, but they pretty much merge together and none of it makes much sense) that I forgot to ask for mushrooms on my cheesesteak. I didn't want to get yelled at for modifying my order (since the people behind the counter were scrambling around making food and bickering with each other) so I just rolled with it. 
An older review said this place is cash only, but it's not; I paid with credit card. 
The food takes a bit to come out because they make it to order. 

The cheesesteak was good, nice and hot. The sesame bun was toasted. The meat could have used more seasoning, in my opinion, but I'll admit I don't know much about "real" cheesesteaks. We sat in the little outdoor dining area. They had pickles and banana peppers in the corner, which were a nice addition to the sandwich, although I tried not to think about how long those bins might have been sitting out.

Overall, I felt like this was a genuine "Philly experience" and I'm glad I tried it once. I am not sure cheesesteaks are my thing.
Nope not going here ever again. They added mushrooms to my food. This could've caused me anaphylaxis. My order clearly showed no mushrooms on the reciept. Wasted my $13.50. I had to give the sandwich to my sister. I get it, some places prefer quantity over quality and quantity over safety!
SO GOOD!!! 

On the roadtrip from NYC to Florida, we ended up in the philly area around lunch time. Yelped for good food around the highway, and this was perfect! We got the roast pork with spinach and cheese and a philly cheese steak with provolone. 

I started with the philly cheese - it was good, but slightly less meat than I was expecting. The star of the meal was the roast pork sandwich. it was a-m-a-z-i-n-g! 

It was kind of messy to eat because they scooped up the meat from tray with lots of liquid. The juice was delicious but it made the bread soggy. Spinach really added to the sandwich - making it almost seem healthy. thinking about it makes me drool.....

cash only (though there is an ATM machine). Two sandwiches' total was around $14. The line moves fast. we had to wait for the Philly cheese steak but they put together the roast pork sandwich really quickly. Lots of tables outside.
While drive from NYC to NC, I planned on dropping in for my first real Philly cheesesteak and picked John's given its reputation and location off of I-95. This little foodie mecca had about a 25 minute wait at 2pm but wait I did. 

While the lines can get long, they have an efficient operation here. If you wanted anything but a cheesesteak (roast pork, meatball, etc) you were fast-tracked up front. But I grabbed a fresh cheesesteak and roast pork sandwich for my ride back home. And wow, so good! Lovely sesame seeded roll, about 11" long, stuffed with flavorful steak, provolone and onions. Loved the sliced roast pork that's simmered in a wine broth and spiked with sharp provolone. You can get it with spinach (not broccoli di rabe) at John's. 

I devoured half of my two sandwiches (they are big) on my 8 hour ride and then finished them off for lunch the next day. So simple but so good! Hope to get back up here, some day...
Finally a Good Cheesesteak 

Last but not least is my favorite of the 4 cheesesteak favorites John's Roast Pork.  Don't get confused by the name, this place makes a great cheesesteak.  We actually tried the roast pork and it wasn't our favorite but the cheesesteak was great.  

Finally a cheesesteak packed with meat, properly seasoned, tender, and not wet filled with cheese wiz.  

Tip: 
This place closes early, it says 7pm but it closed early the day I stopped in and I hear that is typical.  

Enjoy, stay away from the others.

Thanks
New favorite cheesesteak in Philly.  Kind of out of the way (for me anyway), but worth the trip.  The atmosphere is incredibly "dive" - you're basically sitting next to a factory/warehouse - but that kind of adds to the appeal for me.  The rolls they use are perfect, and the meat was plentiful and chunky (not minced like at some other places).  You can only get American or Provolone cheese - no whiz here.  I go American all the way.  Also, It's cash only but they have an ATM inside.
Excellent excellent cheese steak. 

It's may now be at the top of my list, overtaking tony lukes, which I have been frequenting for years. I honestly would have to do a side by side to pick the best, but as for right now, johns is in the lead.

1. Johns
2. Tony lukes


I've eaten at genos and pats as well and don't feel they should even be on the list.

I always order it the same way - cheesteak with onions and provolone (sharp preferably) or the same thing in hoagie form.
I'm randomly in this area often and have passed John's Roast Pork a bunch of times. I finally stopped by for a Philly cheesesteak. It was during the weekday in the afternoon. The line was shockingly short. #winning

I was super excited to order a Philly cheesesteak. I haven't tried one in yearssss. If I'm not mistaken, I think my last exploration for a Philly cheesesteak was Geno's.

The Philly cheesesteak was pretty good. I just asked the cashier to give me the original. Since I'm no cheesesteak fanatic -- I don't really have anything to compare it to. The bread had sesame seeds on it and was soft but not soggy. The meat was seasoned decently. The fries was not all that. I'm assuming they put all of their energy into the cheesesteak lol.

I enjoyed the Philly cheesesteak and definitely would go again. I think I'm going to try another spot in the near future to compare the two.
This isn't a gourmet cheesesteak experience but its the best dam cheesesteak served with an extra side of philly 'tude whether you asked for it or not.

John's really couldn't really have anymore negatives.  The neighborhood is sketchy, the potholes and train tracks will wreak havoc on your suspension/alignment, parking is iffy outside of their lot, there aren't tables inside to eat, there aren't many tables outside to sit and eat, they close at 7pm and finally the employees will be irritated if you show up 10 to 7 asking for a cheesesteak.

But if you can get past all the negatives and actually get in, then you are in for a treat.  I've tried many cheesesteaks in philly and this is the #1 place in Philly for not only cheesesteaks but roast pork sandwiches as well.  

The recommended combination cheesesteak of sharp provolone with the cut of meat they use and the seasoning they put on the steak doesn't leave room for improvement.  They don't skimp on the meat either.

As for the roast pork, the recommended combination of sharp provolone and broccoli rabe along with some of the pork juices ladled on top is an express trip to flavor town.  The only thing you need to do is eat the sandwich before too much of the juice has steeped into the bread and made it too mushy.

If you can get a friend to join you, split the sandwiches and get the best of both worlds.  So get here early, get your sandwiches, get out the door, and get to eating quickly.
This establishment has never been on my radar and I had no idea that it was "famous" until I started working around the corner from it and saw people in long lines everyday. Clearly this led me to investigate, read the rave reviews and take my place in the line.

Roast pork sandwiches are not my thing. In fact they seem to be more of a South Philly thing if anything. That said I asked for a Chicken Cheesesteak to hopefully make up for the terrible one I got a Fairmount Pizza and Grill. I asked mayo and ketchup and the girl in the window said, " you have to put that on yourself, they're on the counter over there." What?? Who does that?? No one,  that's who. I'm paying you to make the sandwich, why do I have to dress it myself?? Strike two, I ask for fries. Her answer, "we don't have a fryer today". Okay fuck it let me just get the sandwich and get outta here. 

It cost 13.00 and it wasn't on a 12" roll and to my surprise that roll was seeded. None of this so far is sitting well with me. The only saving grace was it tasted great especially after I added the mayo and ketchup that they couldn't be bothered with. So unfortunately, I think that's a one and done for me.
A group of us came to John's Roast Pork for lunch, and, boy, even though it was freezing temperatures, there was a line!

The menu offers various breakfast sandwiches (bacon and egg, ham and egg, Italian sausage and eggs, etc.), club sandwiches, grilled items (chicken cheese steak, bruschetta cheese steak, steak milano, bacon cheese steak, pizza steak, etc.), hoagies, hot roast pork, chicken cutlets, Italian sausage, meatballs, and lunch sandwiches (such as fish cake, cheeseburgers, and hot dogs).

We ordered a large of the Hot Roast Pork, adding sharp provolone and spinach, and a Cheese Steak.  The roast pork was super juicy, and you'll have to eat it right away, as the bread will get soggy, fast.  This had good flavor, and adding spinach and the sharp provolone to it is a must.  Don't forget to get the hot peppers, as that will really add to it.  The cheese steak was cheesy, meaty, and greasy. Both sammies were stacked.

We also tried their onion rings, which were pretty addicting - they were perfectly fried and crisp with the soft onions inside.

There's only a handful of picnic tables; during the colder months, they have a plastic windshield that drapes around the premise - otherwise, you'll have to suck it up and make sure you have to suit up.

The long lines can look daunting, but it does move along, as the staff are pretty efficient and keep the line moving.

+juicy roast pork
+good cheese steaks
+long lines, but efficient staff
+al fresco dining only
+extremely limited parking
I visited Philly and, of course, had to try a cheesesteak. I ordered the cheesesteak hoagie with tomato and lettuce. This was phenomenal! It would have been ever better if I had just gotten a regular cheesesteak. The meat is cooked with the cheese (sharp provolone), making each bite a perfect mix. My husband bought the roast pork and it was great and topped with spinach and cheese.

Staff kind of rushes you and doesn't care if you're a first timer, so be prepared. They have a lot of people to get through and know they're the best. It looks kind of sketchy pulling up, but SO worth it. Quick wait time, maybe 5 minutes.
My boyfriend and I were in town this weekend for the Army-Navy Game (#goarmy #webeatnavyagain). Of course, cheese steaks were on our must-eats. I hadn't been to Philly in years so I looked up for some spots near our Airbnb and found John's. The reviews all sounded amazing so we headed over. The wait on a Friday afternoon around 12:30pm wasn't too bad -- we were outside for many 5 minutes and then waited another 10 inside. 

Note: There are TWO different lines -- one for cheese steaks and one for roast pork and others. I got a CHEESE STEAK with SHARP PROVOLONE, MUSHROOMS, ONIONS, PEPPERS. Also got a side of ONION RINGS which is pretty small by the way, maybe 7 pieces I think. But they are too die for. Greasy, but so good the onion just melts in your mouth. The cheese steak was amazing too, probably the best sandwich I've had in Philly for sure. The cheese was so so good too -- I totally suggest getting all the toppings for sure. 

The "indoor" seating area is basically a tent area which has a huge heating lamp. It wasn't on when we were there but it wasn't too cold. There's a stand with your ketchup, pickles, and hot peppers. I totally recommend getting some of the peppers and pickles to go with your sandwich. Ugh, I want another one as I'm writing this!
The roast pork was solid.  It's a good sandwich.  But, like, what's the apex of something like this?  It's a pretty basic, straightforward thing.  That doesn't mean it's bad...straightforward is really nice sometimes.  

But James Beard awards, the hype, the TV shows, the constant championing of this place as a landmark, a pilgrimage of sorts?  Not buying it.  It's a solid, straightforward sandwich in a crappy building between Chuck E. Cheese and a power plant served by surly South Philly people.  Let's not consecrate the thing.
11.12.16 This day was a day of trying out lots of food. We haven't had a great cheesesteak yet. This place has been on my radar since I started researching about the best cheesesteaks in Philly. I was planning to try as much as I could.The place is small and as cold as it was outside people were still lining up and eating out there. It took a long time. Even with only ten people ahead of us. Why? 

Well they are meticulous and it's cook to order!! What??! YUP.., The slice meats are cooked as well as the onions and then at the exact time top with cheese if requested and guess what? They actually toast the bread. Well mine was. So then you get oooey gooey cheese, grill onions and meat on a hot bread. Their system seems off a bit because they make you order their pork sandwich when you order their cheesesteak. We said we will order that later but I think they were so frazzled that they made us order it when we ordered our Cheesesteaks. Bad mistake. Because it takes so long to get the cheesesteak. I recommend once you actually have the cheesesteak in hand then order the pork sandwich. You can always pay for it ahead of time. 

Alright so we get our food and yes unfortunately we got our Pork Sandwich 20 minutes earlier than our CheeseSteaks. We ordered two cheesesteaks one with sharp and one regular provolone. I couldn't wait any longer, one bite and I forgot I was sitting outside in the 40 degrees weather. I was looking through pictures and realize that they could have put down side covers, maybe its usually for the rain, but on this day it would have been nice to be protected. 

That one bite of the sharp cheesesteak was so amazing I thought maybe it's because I'm hungry. Alright time to take a bite of the other cheesesteak, just as good of course but missing that sharp kick. Pork Sandwich, oh my poor soggy sandwich, you were delicious and the spinach was a perfect topping however I hate soggy bread, but as stated can be avoided if we knew better... The BEEF was perfect, I saw them cook the meat and I knew it would be perfectly cooked. The beef was juicy and not chewy, it was amazing. 

Did I think the wait was worth it? YEAH, HELL YEAH! Was it crazy and loud and crowded? YEAH HELL YEAH. Was it still worth it? YEAH HELL YEAH! 

I would brave the cold any day to eat here. Back in CA, the hubby wish we can just fly back to Philly for that John's CheeseSteak again. Best we ever had. The articles are true. I just can't believe it. Just can't. It was nice to see John working his butt off as well. Love it!
We had multiple cheese steaks while visiting Philly, and this was THE BEST! We were able to watch them cook the meat right in front of us, and OH MAN, that was good meat. My boyfriend had the roast pork sandwich, and that was THE BEST roast pork I have ever tried.

I'd recommend this to anyone visiting Philly.
The only cheesesteak you need to try in Philly! No frills but a must. Outdoor seating only, so bundle up in the winter. Most of the time I take it to go.

I can't comment on the roast pork (even though it's in the name of the establishment) but the cheesesteak is THAT good!
