The Korean food here is pure awesomeness. 

Must order the sundubu jjigae (Korean stew) here! It's a hot and spicy soup made with uncurdled dubu (tofu), vegetables, mushrooms, onion, scallions, various combination of tasty seafood and gochujang (chili powder). The soup is made and eaten right in the serving bowl, which is typically made of solid stone. Served with a raw egg to be cracked into the soup. It comes out still bubbling vigorously. You are also given a bowl of cooked white rice and several banchan (side dishes). The banchan are so addicting that you'll ask for seconds! A true Korean meal is never complete without banchan. And the ones here are crazy delicious. Also highly recommend their bbq meats. 

I worship this eatery greatly. You might as well stop reading this review and ask me about it in person. Because chances are that if you go here now, I will be there eating my sundubu and banchan!
I ate here 5 hours ago and I'm considering making the 25 minute drive to eat here again right now. 

Lots of vegetarian options, so you're good there if you have a ton of vegetable eating friends like I do.
Decided to write my first review on a soft tofu restaurant (typical Korean I am) because I go here about once a month and also because I am doing NOTHING at work today.

I think this place has the best soft tofu in the PA/NJ/NY area. I've had BCD and Seoul Garden in NY and So Gong Dong in Palisades Park, NJ. 

Like all soft tofu/Korean restaurants, you get side dishes (banchan) but the pickled dishes here are great. For $10, you get sides, rice in a stone pot, and soon doo boo (soft tofu) in a stone pot as well. 

I usually get the "More Spicy" when I go, and for some reason, this level is spicier when I go with fellow Asians than non-Asians (judging..maybe?). This just might be me, though. I really would get some level of spicyness because the non-spicy soup is just meh and looks too pale. 

The table bell to grab waiters are a plus, too.

Wish this place was in the city.
now THIS is what i'm talkin about. you haven't lived til you've had really good soondubu (soft tofu soup). and this ish is the real deal.

if jong ka jib sits at 5 stars in my book, then i'd literally have to go back to every center city korean restaurant review i've ever written and downgrade them by one star (at least). that's how much better this place is. it just completely blows all those so-called korean places in center city out of the water.

the interior decoration is about as traditional as korean restaurants get. and the flavors stay true to the korean taste buds.. no diluting spices to placate the westernized palate. of course, you can always ask for your food to be less spicy. ahem *weaksauce* ahem. they also give every customer a huge stone bowl of rice to accompany their meal. L-O-V-E.

the banchan is decent. more fresh than anything i've tasted in the city, but not a very wide selection - only about 5 dishes. however i'll take quality over quantity any day.
Since moving from Korean food heaven (aka. Los Angeles) to Philly a few months ago, I've tried over a few dozen Korean restaurants and I've been fairly disappointed in every single one of them. All of them had ok to terrible tasting Korean food and they were all overpriced for the quality that they served. I was about to give up on all Korean food in the East Coast and write it up as a hopeless endeavor.

And that all changed when I came here.

I was told about Jong Ka Jib by a friend who knew I was looking for good soon doo bu and how I'd been so disappointed in all of the Korean places around the area. I honestly didn't think this place would be any different but I was thinking, "Hey, at this point, I might as well start conditioning my mind into thinking this is good Korean food." and I went.

I was blown away. Not only is Jong Ka Jib the best Korean food I've had at a restaurant since moving out from LA, but I would definitely consider it one of the top ten soon doo bu places I've ever been to in my life. Granted, it's not in the top 3 in my opinion but it's definitely up there. I had the pork soon doo bu extra spicy and ordered a side of kalbi ($15). The soup base was very tasty and it wasn't too watery or thick. And the tofu was cooked to perfection. They give out perfect portions too so after you finish eating, you should be pretty full.

Don't be surprised or put-off when you come in and see a ton of non-Koreans eating here (white and Chinese) if you're not used to that. I myself, coming from LA, if I went to a Korean place and saw the customer base were mostly non-Koreans, I walked out because from experience, the food did not taste like Korean food but very Americanized. This place doesn't follow that trend.

The service here is just ok, or maybe even below ok but that's what I've come to expect and experience when I was in LA going to good Korean restaurants. It's rare to find a Korean place that has great service and great food. The galbi was terrible though. Don't get it. First off, it's not marinated very well and the flavors come across a bit funky. Second, it is way overpriced for the amount and quality of the meat. I shared the kalbi with two other people and we didn't even finish the galbi. That's how bad it was. As long as you stick with the soondoobu, and the occasional pajun (Korean pancake), you'll be very happy.

After my oh so amazing experience here, I came here two more time thinking maybe it was a fluke. And no, it wasn't. I think I've found my home here.

Parking: Limited lot or street
Price: $10 per person
Wait: 10 mins after order (during rush hour you will wait an hour to be seated so beware)
The soft tofu experience: first the starter dishes of various prepared snacks, no extra charge.  Water or tea in unremarkable dishware.  A plain menu with soft tofu and various additions - clams, shrimp, beef, etc.  Their are other dishes that will satisfy those who don't like tofu and are along for the company.  There is now a small vegetarian section.  But the only thing of real interest is the soft tofu, which comes in a secret recipe stock at five levels of spiciness.  If you are a super hot chili fan, go for the five.  If you tend not to like things too hot, stay with one or two.  After that it gets decidedly spicy.  You will get a stone crock with the tofu, broth and a few morsels of whatever you ordered along with the tofu.  You will also get a raw egg to cook in the still bubbling tofu and stock and you will get another crock with white rice that is likely to be toasty brown around the edges.  Some people put their tea in that crock to soften the rice.  I like pealing off the rice to get the crunch.  You will also get a bowl within which you can mix the tofu stew and the rice, but I like to eat them separately.  There is no wrong way to do it, both Korean and American customers are too busy with their own culinary bliss to worry about what you are doing.

This is an update review and I still give it five stars.  It is a destination restaurant with authentic Korean wooden tables and benches, perfectly cooked soft tofu and rice in remarkable stone crocks and an otherwise competent, but unremarkable menu.  The prices keep going up, all the way to $10.00 a pop, which is more than the $8.00 per meal for soft tofu that was the rule 2 years ago.  But it is still a bargain destination for a fascinating culinary experience.  Something I've learned from someone even more enamored by this place than I is that when you want service you don't wave your hand or catch the eye of the waiter like you would at an American restaurant.  Instead, you ring the bell that is conveniently located at each table.  Just press the button and a little ding dong sounds and the waiter immediately comes to find out what you want.  All the service complaints in previous reviews should be discounted because it's Korean rules here, as authentic as the soft tofu itself.
The tables have little buttons that summon a server.  These buttons are akin to those on an airplane, used to call the flight attendant.  When pressed, a small chime is heard and a server will come and see what you want.  I don't usually curse in my reviews, but I fucking love this.  Everyone should do this everywhere.  Yes, I understand that a good server should be checking up on you to make sure you have everything at regular intervals, but what if my demands don't come at regular intervals?  What if my demand involves getting a paper towel quickly because my nose is runny due to consumption of really spicy food?  What then hotshot?  Wait until my server checks on me at the regular interval or hit the button that brings him or her over more quickly?  I don't even have to make eye contact or wave.  Bam.  Button.  Technology improves everything.  I always say that efficiency is the most important human emotion and this feature appeals to that emotion greatly.

Soft tofu really kicks ass.  It basically boils down to tofu soup in a spicy broth with tofu, meat, kimchee, or whatever else you want in it.  I had the opportunity to try seafood soft tofu and beef/kimchee soft tofu.  I loved both but if I went back, I'd have to edge towards the beef/kimchee slightly above the seafood.  This may have to do with the fact that pulling the prawn's head and skin off with my fingers was stressful because the prawn was very hot when I was doing this.  I have very little patience when it comes to food and I frequently burn myself if things are served very hot because I have NO SELF CONTROL when it comes to something delicious.  The best example of this is my habit of ordering iced coffee beverages, not because I really like it cold but because I want to prevent myself from burning myself...This topic applies to Jong Ka Jib Soft Tofu Restaurant because the soup is served at an extremely high temperature and I decided to use my tongue to cool off each glorious spoonful.

This place is awesome.  The price makes it double awesome.  The food makes it triple awesome.  The unique nature of the restaurant and server buttons make it quadruple awesome.

Get your soft tofu super spicy.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this establishment is my image of how great The Expendables should be.  I haven't seen it but I don't think I should, as my expectations are impossibly high.
This charming, traditionally decorated restaurant gets crowded, so arrive before or after the main dinner rush to take advantage of their parking lot. Pressing a red button on the table calls service. English isn't a strong point for some staff, but luckily for us, a friend spoke Korean and was able to communicate our complicated requests.

The kimchi version of their famous soon du bu ($9; soft tofu soup with beef and spiced cabbage) was damn good, sporting a decent kick and vibrant flavors. Served in a stone bowl with rice on the side, I cooked a raw egg in the light, but filling, soup to add texture. The kitchen go all out with the spices (I requested mine "Very Spicy"), but it was SO good I didn't care. (Next to me, my friend was dying - she can handle hot food, so maybe our bowls were switched?) Of the banchan, the cucumbers were a winner.

Jong Ja Jip has been recommended to me time and time again and I finally tasted firsthand why. It's an excellent value: our group of ten paid roughly $11/person. Highly recommended!
OK, I have to tell you a secret. I've never been very into Korean food. Don't get me wrong, I love Asian food... love, love, LOVE it. But Korean was always down towards the bottom of my list of things that are yummy. Until this place. For real. I am now converted to the church of Korean flavors. Here's the story.

So I'm feeling terrible one night, really really terrible. I've got a stuffed up nose, I'm super hungry, I'm bloated and its that girly time of the month. And the only thing I want in the whole wide world is just a nice big bowl of warm spicy soup. So I go onto Yelp, and I check out my bookmarks for saved places in my hood. I speed-read a few reviews for this place and convince my husband we need to go here ASAP. 

And like Audrey Horne, I get what I want.

I ordered the mushroom soft tofu (beo seot soon du bu) and my husband ordered spicy chicken & vegetable (dak gal bi). Both medium spice and both so freaking amazing. My soup is spicy, it's comforting, its downright perfect. It was exactly what I was looking for.

But before your food is ready, they bring out 5 different banchan: Kimchi, marinated bean sprouts, spicy cucumber slices, adzuki beans, burdock and jalapenos (I think) marinated in sesame oil and soy sauce? Not sure, but they were all tasty. But the best part is they bring you some weirdly awesome hot tea that I can't get enough of. I haven't figured out if it's Boricha (barley tea) or Hyeonmicha (rice tea). So weird and soooo good.

Preventing a few faux pas:
1) That egg they give you is raw, and it's meant to go in your soup.
2) The weird little box attached to your table? That's a call button for the staff.
3) Don't be dumb. That soup is boiling in there, so DON'T touch the caldron-bowl. Use the plate underneath.
4) Do you mix some of the pitcher of tea with your leftover crispy rice or not? I still haven't figured that one out.
5) This place is totally not for kids. Delicate wall hangings? Boiling hot stoneware? A call button on the table to play with? A raw egg just sitting there, waiting to be used as a weapon? Yeah. Not for kids, but perfect for us adults.
The best soondubu in Philly! Literally no other place compares. The tofu is soft, the broth is flavorful and the rice is perfect. The sides are also delicious - especially the kimchi cucumbers - I always ask for refills. Although prices have increased throughout the years (from $9 to $12), it's still a very affordable meal. A lot of my friends have trouble finishing one by themselves. The other dishes are also very tasty like the grilled pork, bibimbap and kalbi. Perfect place for a cold rainy day. Usually never too crowded either.
Food: * * * * *
Ambiance: * * *
Service: * * * * *
Cost: * * * *  (more stars means more for your money)
Dress: Casual

My gosh, I can't sleep and the only thing I can think about is this restaurant for some reason so I'm gonna fill you in.  For some reason I have the chopstick wrapper sitting right here on my desk.  That must mean it's good!

Seriously though this Korean restaurant may be a trek outside of Center City (20 minute drive with no traffic), but well worth it if you are a fan of Korean food, especially Soon Doo Boo (otherwise known as Soft Tofu in a hotpot.  It's so popular that oftentimes finding a parking spot in their lot is impossible, but fret not since their is usually ample street parking.

For Philly, you can't get better than this if you want Korean food.  The menu selection is a little small, but if any of the reviews are an indication, get the soft tofu.  If you must eat something else though, they also serve the traditional Korean BBQ that everyone loves and forms of Bibimbab (rice dishes mixed with assorted vegetables, meat and egg).  The tofu will cost less than $10 and anything else will just be over $11.  No matter what you get though, you'll more than likely leave full.

Like most Korean places, you also get a number of small side dishes right when you arrive to hold you over until the "real" food arrives.  In terms of the soft tofu, be wary that Korean restaurants tend to serve food on the spicy side, esp this soft tofu dish.  However for the weak in stomach (I myself am in this category despite my love of spicy food), you can order "Little Spicy," which is the equivalent of mild.  Make sure you say "Little Spicy" too (or whatever it says on the bottom of the menu if you want another spice level) because though the service is great, many of the waitstaff speak limited English.  They have no idea what "mild" means and will keep waiting for some English they understand like  "Little Spicy."  (I may sound like I'm joking, but I'm serious - went through this twice in my many visits).  Another thing typical of true Korean restaurants, realize that they do not serve you clear spring water by default but instead often give you some sort of iced tea (I think it's Barley Tea).  If you want regular water though, just ask for it instead of telling them their water is dirty cuz it's not.

Despite the limited English, they know more than enough and also try to explain dishes on their menu so you can more than get by.  Service here is great!  They try to check up on you and always attempt to serve their food as fast as they can.  Of course if you ever need help, they offer a little button on the edge of every table so that you can "ring" the waitstaff.  Once you push it, a little doorbell sounds and the waitstaff know to come to YOUR table.  Can't get better than service on demand!

In terms of decor, the place is modest, but well decorated with Korean antiques and cultural items.  It definitely feels like Korea town versus Center City.  The only con of this setup is that they like wood way too much with the entire place constructed of it.  This means the seats which are rock hard and always far away from the table.  You have to sit on the edge of your butt if you sit in the booth.  It kills your Gluteus maximus but to be honest once you get over it, you won't even realize it, especially one the food comes rolling in.

In summary -
PROS - Philly Korean at its best, best soft tofu in the area, fast service, good and efficient waitstaff, constant food, very affordable, nice atmosphere, family friendly

CONS - location is a little far and requires a car, limited English spoken by waitstaff, hard weird wooden seats
This place is so good, it's ridikolus.

Hands down the best soondubu in the city. Go all out and get it level 5 spicy unless you are a pansy. Food comes out fairly quickly, but while you wait, feast yourself on the vast array of side dishes. Once it arrives, crack in your egg, and go to town on that shiet (but don't get too excited, the soup is hot as balls). Perfectly spicy, perfectly flavorful, and the rice is perfectly crispy around the edges of the bowl (for eating with tea after you finish - yum!).

Eating here is great on a cold winter day, and ironically, it's also great on a swelteringly hot day. Basically just go.

**Sidenote: Whenever I come across this corner, my heart feels desperately torn between stopping here to get my soondubu fix, or heading across the street to Cafe Soho for some awesome chicken wings. And then I discovered that sometimes BOTH is the best choice!
This place has really fallen on some hard times.
At the request of my parents who have fond memories of this place, we decided to visit again recently.
I ordered the pork soondubu and was extremely upset when I noticed that the meat was tough and almost inedible. It tasted and felt as if it had freezer burn. I ask them about it and they replaced it with a kimchi soondubu which was better but lacked the flavor of good soondubu. The rice in the stone-pot is still excellent, but my past memories of this place are of cheat delicious food service with care and pride. I did not experience this during my last visit. Prices have gone up over the years which makes sense, but the quality has not stayed the same which is a shame.
One of my favorite things to say as of late is "I'm craving something soupy", because like a unpregnant preganant woman Im constantly craving something soupy!!!!!! Why you ask? I surely have no idea.

Soon Du Bu is my absolute favorite Korean dish. Its a boiling clay pot full of spicy broth and various types of meat, seafood, egg and veggies (not all at once silly, you pick what you want inside!) and it's been curing my carvings biweekly.

Usually I get my fix at Hmart More Food Court, because it's $7 and thats cheaper than the $9 version here at Jong Ka Jib, but something tells me Hmart uses msg and this tofu house doesn't. I love this tofu house. The people are nice and everyone inside is Korean... except me when I dine there. The location on 5th might scare you a little when you see the partially crumbling building, but trust me the inside is what matters.

The rice here is special and traditional, cooked in a stone pot and crisp on the edges touching the bowl. Have you tried this before? You SHOULD.

Have I pitched this place enough? Please try it, but dont go when I do, I dont like waiting for a table :)
I love you Jong Ka Jib! You converted my non-tofu eating husband into a lover of soft tofu-and got me to quit saying that I hated Korean food. Never did I imagine my meat and potatoes hubby would SUGGEST we go here for lunch, dinner etc. And I like that your atmosphere transports me- at first the authenticity of the place will make those non-adventurous a little unhinged, but that all fades as you realize how awesome the food is. 

It isn't that tricky:
(1) the menu has english descriptions (not much, but enough that you can order) I get the mushroom Soon Du Bu (med spicy) and J gets the pork (med spicy); but you can get tofu not spicy if you wish- the menu is small, you won't get confused

(2) the kimchee and 4 other bowls come out, (I personally have loved them all, but the jalapeno burdock root is SO good, I take the whole bowl and do not share.) Save your raw egg for your soup
(3) HOT boiling soup comes out, then a separate boiling hot bowl of rice
(4) crack your egg into the soup--it will cook, trust me
(5) put rice on the dish, spoon on soupy tofu and freak out your tastebuds!
(6) (optional) a pitcher of tea will be placed on your table, you can choose to pour it into your empty rice cauldron if you want to scrape up and eat the crunchy rice (not my cup of tea, but I have seen many do it!)

One reviewer said not to take kids there, but I take my toddler here and have seen others do the same--the staff doesn't seem to mind them. Parents should just be aware that the serving dishes are boiling hot clay pots and that kids who do not behave well will likely get burned.
Best soondoobu ever!  After trying multiple restaurants which won over great reviews on yelp in San Francisco, I realized the gem of a place we have on the east coast.  Every place failed in comparison.  Although I'm not Korean, soondoobu is my soul food, and I don't think I could live without it.  I get crazy cravings for this stuff, and I even make my boyfriend drive over an hour just to come here.  It's all worth it once I sit down and enjoy a nice bowl of very spicy soondoobu with beef and seafood.  I'm drooling over my keyboard just thinking about it.

Amazing soondoobu, friendly workers, and homey decor!  I can't wait to go there again.

P.S. Prices went up an extra $1
3.5 yelps. So it seems like our experience was not the norm and that's unfortunate for us. Seeing all of the other rave reviews makes me want to head back and see if the Sunday when we dined was just a rare fluke. I feel like we were jipped out of this amazing experience everyone else had. We were so excited to treat my parents to this meal. We were a tad embarrassed about how it turned out....

Right off the bat, ordering was fairly difficult. They did not speak one word of English. Many mistakes were made and any special requests we had were unable to be fulfilled because of the language barrier. We spoke with two individuals, neither understood us. At all. I think that unfortunately set the tone for the meal. 

We had a larger party and below is what everyone had to say. I personally can only comment on the mushroom tofu soup which I actually really loved and am totally craving right now after looking over my photos. The scallion pancakes were a tad soggy and lacking in flavor for me and the dumplings were just ok. I've had better. A tad too slippery and slimy for my taste. The plain rice was so delicious for some reason. Piping hot. Yum. 

3 yelps Beef soup. Not enough beef. Banchan Sides were good. Ribs were good. Chicken was just alright. 

3 yelps seafood tofu soup just two shrimp (one with eyeballs) Barely any seafood. "Floating yuck". Beef was really good. Chicken was just ok. "$12 for a bowl of tofu?"  Dumplings were good. A little mushy. 

2 yelps they don't have anything for kids. 

4 yelps Excellent rice plains and simple. 

3 yelps mushroom tofu soup was very good. Beef was the best out of everything. Chicken was average. 

3.5 yelps Chicken was not BBQ as stated. 
Scallion pancakes weren't crisp, were too greasy and a tad bland. 

Tons of food so think twice when ordering. Don't forget about all of the side that come first. The place was pretty cute. A nice find for the area. I think everyone could appreciate the authenticity of the meal for example the raw egg to place in our soon du bu, but Something just wasn't happening the way we had hoped and the way it seemed to for others.
I think I'm a lot less familiar with Korean food than some of the other Yelpers that have reviewed this place. Most of the menu is variations of their specialty dish, a soup/stew called sun du bu.  It's got a red broth and lots of tofu as well some meat or something else, depending on the variety you order.  The soup is literally boiling when it arrives at your table, and depending on how you order it, it's pretty hot in the other way, also.  You are provided with a raw egg to crack into the soup if you wish.  You also get a pot of rice, a variety of tiny side dishes and a drink that I understand is essentially iced tea made with buckwheat instead of tea.

My three companions and I really enjoyed this place.  The one problem we had was that one of our friends is a strict vegetarian and it was difficult for us to determine which things on the menu were truly vegetarian, partly because of the limited English of the servers.  She doesn't want meatless soup if it is made with beef broth, for example. It was pretty clear that we weren't going to be able to communicate that to our waitress, so she got the pancake with scallions.  

I'll be back, especially on a cold day!
Finding this gem was seriously fate. Moving away from a place where all kinds of Asian food, including Korean food, were so easily accessible, I never expected to be 10 minutes away from such a heart warming meal! Hot steamy tofu soup...I love you so much! 

The soup itself is very flavorful; one of my friends from home even thought it was better than what we could find in California! Per usual, the assortment of banchan was equally gratifying. Spicy kimchi, pickled cucumbers, bean sprout salad, pickled daikon, seaweed salad, oh my! I love it all. I've also tried their Japchae on two occasions. While I'd still order it again, its slightly too oily for my taste but I'll take what I can get in the Philly suburbs!

I do wish their parking lot was bigger or maybe better structured but that won't stop me from coming back. I will visit this place time and time again because it helps transport me back home and who doesn't like a hot bowl of soup for those cold winter nights? :)
I have to agree this cute place earns it's top rating.

Even though the Soon Du Bu was really good, the thing we couldn't stop eating and nearly licked the plate over was a spicy chicken veggie stir fry called Dak Kal Bi.  Holy frijoles batman, what a delicious fiery exotic blend of complex layered flavors with a bit of sweetness - my mouth is watering just thinking about it!  

When they brought us each a giant stone bowl of rice I thought, "yea like I will eat this huge bowl of rice" - well guess what, I did and wished I had more, the way the rice gets crispy in the bowl is sooo good.

Some side dishes were yummy; most notably the marinated tofu & peppers, spicy zucchini and some kind of smoky bean sprouts, others less so.  

We had a sort of embarrassing oops.  We had ordered the mushroom Soon Du Bu and I whined until hubby rolled his eyes and agreed to order it with a spiciness of only "3" (there have been waaaay too many times we ordered things in Asian restaurants "very spicy" that ended up being inedible to me, I mean, I like spicy but not "oh my gawd my mouth is on fire, my tongue is numb, my eyeballs are blood red" spicy like him!).  

But when we got the dish I reluctantly agreed we should have gotten it spicier.   Somehow they picked up our body language and asked what was wrong - we told them we wished we had gotten it hotter.  Thirty seconds later a woman came bustling over and indicated she could make it hotter for us and we happily nodded yes.  We waited and waited for it to come back, wondering what was taking so long - surely they just had to throw a few more spices in?  The dish came back no spicier but it was scalding hot - all I can imagine is some overworked chef in the back being asked to heat up even hotter a dish that had already been served to us literally still boiling - eep!

When the bill came - $23 for a groaning table full of tea and food - we almost felt guilty - so much goodness for so little money.
Not in my knowledge have I seen a Korean restaurant in "K-town" NYC or Philly supplement its name with soft tofu. So my first impression was to think this was named by an alpha couple who clearly thought their soft tofu pot was slamming! I accept your Iron Chef soft tofu pot challenge!

They rightfully win the challenge, deserving four stars for a proper, good sizzling bubbly hot soon doo bu (Korean tofu pot). They also have a full Korean menu, but do come here for a soon doo bu as this is their specialty. If I was to judge the restaurant only on their tofu pot, it gets five stars.

Priced at a steal for $10, you can select an assortment of tofu pots (beef, pork, seafood, mushroom, oyster, clam or tofu only), ranging from not spicy to spicy. 

Jap chae is "so-so" here. But then again, you should come here for the restaurant's specialty, and should you forget, let the restaurant's name listed on Yelp help you remember!

The owners are such good people and have an interesting life story. My sister in law lost a Swarovski bracelet a year ago in their garage. We came back a year later and the owner recognized us as the possible owners of the bracelet. Unbelievable, and he still had it wrapped up in a small lost and found area. Such kindness seems to be a rarity but still exists here. I know plenty of people who frequent here, for all the right reasons.
Have been coming here for several years and there is no better soft tofu house in the region.

The price has gone up slightly but the food is consistently amazing.

The soon do boo is a soft, boiling hot bowl of soft silky tofu with your choice of veggie and meat, spiced from 1-5.  It always comes with a giant bowl of hot rice and a raw egg for you to put in the boiling tofu when you first get it.

The bonchon dishes here are numerous, you usually get a set of 6 for two persons, if you have 4 people you should get two sets of 6 bonchon side dishes.

Their other dishes are consistently good also.  I love the pa jeon (korean pancake) with scallions and squid.

The service is fast paced and more leaned towards "asian" style of service, meaning you shouldn't be shy to ask for things if someone doesn't fill your water or tea. They have a special little button that dings for service when you press it.

The tofu dishes are $10, with leftovers if you have a normal appetite, but a hungry person can probably finish a tofu themselves.

Parking is free in the lot in the front of the restaurant, although it can get tight at times, I recommend backing your car into the spot if possible.
I love this place; I just wish it wasn't so far from center city. I've never had a bad experience eating here, but then again I almost always get the soft tofu stews. My favorite is the combination soondubu with spiciness level 2. The stews here can get very spicy so I would tread cautiously if it's your first time. The side dishes are always hit or miss depending on your own taste preferences, offerings from sour to bland to spicy. Very affordable, no fuss korean comfort food.
$9 for a great, filling AND healthy meal? SIGN ME UP! Oh and did I mention its BYOB?
It's great in the winter because it really warms you up.

You can order soft tofu stew/soup with beef, seafood, mushrooms, kimchi and pork, or you can mix all of them into one! They come in a variety of spicyness ranging from plain to so-spicy-that-the-stew-is-purple (careful of this one because it'll come out the way it looked when it went in). They come out in these clay pots and are still bubbling when it's brought to your table (this is the perfect time to drop in that raw egg they give you!). You also get a stone pot full of white rice to accompany the soup/stew. The korean side dishes are tasty too! The spicy cucumber really settles the hot temperature of the tofu soup. For the non tofu eaters, this place will make you into a tofu eater! If not, there's a few other dishes like Glass noodles, Korean short ribs and seafood pancakes, which are all tasty but not their specialty. Service is quick and if it's not attentive enough, there's a little call button (sounds like a door bell) on each table. There's a parking lot which, when packed is a pain. I usually (safely) make my own spot in the lot (yeap, I'm THAT gal) or I park in the street, which there is always plenty of. The waiters/tress' speak English, Korean and one of them even speaks Chinese! Awesome!
I'm actually here quite often, especially when the weather is cold. There's nothing like a boiling, bubbling bowl of soon du bu (soft tofu soup) to warm your belly on a cold night, and I do think they have the best soon du bu in Philadelphia.

The prices are pretty affordable as well, as ordering one order should probably fill you up quite nicely. At $10 a pop, it's not a bad deal, even though back in the day it was $8, then $9... inflation!

All of them are good, and it really is a matter of personal taste, but here are my favorites:
- Kimchi soon du bu - The best thing about the kimchi soon du bu here is that it also comes with beef. Many other places that serve kimchi soon du bu just have the kimchi in the soup. The beef definitely adds to it.
- Beef soon du bu - Also very good.
- Soy bean (daeng jang) soon du bu - This is sort of an acquired taste, and doesn't come with any meat in it... but I love that salty soy bean taste!

The other thing that happens at many Korean restaurants is that you get to choose the level of heat. If you're a novice, I'd suggest the 2 or 3. If you love spicy foods, try the 5... the soup comes out deep red.

Throw in the raw egg and let it cook in the stew... it adds another dimension. Enjoy the side dishes (pan chan) and try not to burn the roof of your mouth when you dig in!
Had a hankering for soft Korean tofu soup.  This place was recommended to me by a friend and had good reviews on Yelp.  

Ambiance: old style authentic interior with staff dressed in Korean garb.  Big tables with buzzer for instant service

Food
-Soon tofu soup: beef mushroom is good but lacks the deep savory taste I'm use to from the places I've been in Los Angeles.  The rice is cooked nicely in a stone pot and has a crispy exterior which is nice however I'm sure makes the soup pricier.
-Kalbi: standard and good portion
-Banchans: these are the side dishes of alfalfa sprouts, kimchi, tofu etc.  There was a nice mix and free refills which was nice.

Overall this place is authentic and food tastes ok.  It's a bit on the pricier side.  It can't compare in taste to the soon tofu places in Los Angeles but I guess that's not fair as Korean population here is much smaller.   I would come back again but not often.
I came here for lunch on a week day and had a great experience. The restaurant was pretty empty when we walked in and the location is definitely kind of unassuming. The service was very friendly and I liked that each table had a call button so you could notify the waiter if you needed anything and they arrived right away. We got the kalbi (beef ribs), fried fish cakes, and kimchi soondubu. All those dishes were delicious. The kalbi was a generous portion and tender and flavorful. The soondubu was spicy and satisfying and exactly what soondubu should be. We also really enjoyed the side dishes that are served before the meal and they even refilled them during our meal after we finished our initial portion. This is not a Korean bbq place where you grill your own meat, but if you're looking for delicious, traditional Korean food and lots of meat options, it is a delicious choice.
My wife absolutely is addicted to this place. It's definitely the best soon du bu in Philly. Other dishes can be either extremely amazing or so-so. I've tried everything here from their BBQ, to appetizers, and of course, the soft tofu soup.

My go to order is normally the spicy pork stir fry. The pork has a nice kick and not too much fat on it. I do wish they used less onions and peppers, but that's because I'm not a big fan of those veggies. 

Scallion pancake is decent. I'm not a big fan of scallions, but my wife seems to love this dish and orders it at most Korean places to try and find the best.

Soon du bu - I always only eat this from my wife (she shares). The broth is extremely flavorful and if you ask for spicy, prepare for spicy! My favorite would definitely be the beef one.

Bonchon dishes - ehhhh - very limited. I normally only eat maybe the kimchee and maybe one other. 

Fish cakes - greasy, but good. My son loves it!

Overall - I know I will be back. It's our go to spot when we want good Korean (non bbq - we have a different go to spot for BBQ)
A neighborhood favorite of mine. I always order the seafood soon dubu, (very spicy) during the wintertime to warm up. My glasses would fog up every single time I order it, too. If you add the egg into it while it is still hot, you'll be amazed as to how fast it cooks. With that in mind, beware of the hit stone bowls - I was actually careless a couple of times and burned my fingertips!

I am also a fan of the side dishes here. If it were up to me, id be fine with just a bowl of rice and side dishes to keep my tummy satisfied.
I'll keep this review brief since so many other folks have already documented the greatness of Jong Ka Jib. I'll simply make what I hope are some useful observations: 

-They do not have yukgaejang (which might be my favorite food EVER), and they do not serve kimbap. Other than that, most well-known Korean dishes are served here and are excellent.

-The BBQ squid is not for beginners. It's a HUGE Jacques Cousteau-looking mofo, and when I've ordered it, the server brought a set of culinary shears (scissors you normally use to quarter livestock - not typically a table utensil). I've ordered it a few times, but it's not their best dish.

-The place is BYOB, but they don't seem to have glassware - just those plastic cups like you'd get at a Pizza Hut. If you care about what you drink your wine or beer out of, then bring your own glasses.

Just writing about this place makes me want a bowl of seafood jigae and a kimchi pancake. 

Go. Eat. Die happy.
Everything about Jong Ka Jib Soft Tofu rulez. Seriously.

Getting a bowl of pipping hot soft tofu, chalk full of at least 5 different types of mushrooms, and colored a bright, crimson red (...you know for 5 stars) is a real mouth opener, eye opener, smile inducer. 

You'll be so happy after eating here that you'll probably want to move to Korea...so much so that it wouldn't matter which one.
BEST FIND EVERR

At least for me and my Korean food cravings :) I'd contend that it's one of the best places for Korean food in Philadelphia, but there's a lot more to this restaurant that makes it definitely deserving of 5-stars!

For starters, I say it's the best "find" ever because it is a good distance north of the city and you'd probably need to drive there. Since I don't have a car, I would never have known about it if it hadn't been for friends who HIGHLY recommended it (for good reason, I discovered!). However, they do have a parking lot, so at least that's off your list of worries. 

The inside of the restaurant is spacious and pristine, giving off a casual ambiance with a touch of traditional Korean elements. Hence, it can accommodate small groups fairly easily. For example, on my first visit, I think I came with a group of 6-7 and we all fit comfortably around a table, and could have probably seated just as many more on the adjacent table.

And now, the menu! As the name of the establishment suggests, its specialty is the soft tofu (soon doo boo) and it is SUCH a great deal at $10 for their different kinds! Kimchi soft tofu, seafood soft tofu, clam soft tofu, beef soft tofu, etc... yum! And they do it legit too - providing you with a raw egg that you crack into the stone pot of hot soup. Oh, and before I forget to mention, you can also adjust the level of spiciness when you order (if you don't specify, they will just give you the average spicy level, I believe). If you're not in the mood for soon doo boo, they do have other Korean food options on the menu. Admittedly, I typically gravitate immediately to the soft tofu whenever I visit, but I've tried the dak galbi once, which was also delicious and fairly generous in its portions.

Speaking of portion sizes, the restaurant is famous for their amazing side dishes that they refill if you ask when you finish (can't imagine how many plates they have to wash!). With the side dishes and the rice that comes with your main meal, it's a lot of food in my opinion. So basically, go hungry :)

And a final adorable touch is that they typically give you a little mint candy with the check, which gives the feast the proper conclusion that it deserves. Definitely a meal worth every cent in my book!
I was super impressed with how friendly and attentive service was during my most recent visit. The food is still as good as I remembered it to be. We tried something new this time - the spicy marinated chicken with veggies. It was a stew like dish made with bone-in dark meat chicken, potatoes, peppers, onions, and carrots. Honestly when I saw it on the menu, it did not appeal to me. I'm so glad my boyfriend ordered it because it was soo good! I also love that I can bring my vegan friends here - there are plenty of vegan/vegetarian options. This is definitely my favorite Korean restaurant in Philly.
This is a place for tofu soup. If you haven't tried it, this is the place to start. It equals the best in NYC (I have not been to Korea...) Sizzling hot and delicious. If you like soup, do not miss this place.

For under $10 a bowl, served with piping hot rice and pan chan (small side dishes the Koreans serve with most meals) it is an amazing value. My wife and I order two bowls and take home half of one most times. For $25 including tip you can have a dinner unrivaled anywhere. Plus this place is BYOB with no corkage fee.

The atmosphere here is quite sophisticated. The restaurant is decorated with primitive Korean farm implements -- most look like they belong in a museum. It is quite beautiful, yet very relaxed. What else at these prices.

They have Korean BBQ too, but I have not found these dishes up to the other places in the Korean section of North Philadelphia (see Seo Ra Bol)
I've been to this place since I was a child. The first owner did an amazing job and this restaurant was famous in the Korean community - everyone who loved soon dubu knew this place was their go-to. However, owners changed somewhere along the way and the quality of the soondubu went down drastically. The flavors changed, there was less tofu, less seafood in the haemul soon dubu, and the somethin flavor was off.

Last year I gave it another try on a cold day and I was pleasantly surprised that the restaurant was really good again! They put in the right amount of spice (4 out of 5), it was a bit sparse on the seafood again, but plenty of tofu. I went a few more times after that, and the last couple visits I noticed the quality go down again.

I just went again with my [Korean] parents and was so disappointed that I don't think I will be coming here again for awhile. My dad got the clam soon dubu (level 2 spice) and it was ALRIGHT but maybe because it wasn't spicy. My mom ordered the doenjang soon dubu and it was just salty. There was no flavor and no substance I thought I was tasting super concentrated ocean water with soft tofu. My mom couldn't take more than 2 spoons because of how ridiculously salty the was. I ordered the haemul soondubu as usual (level 4 spice), and the seafood was sparse masked by a ton of tofu while the flavor was also a little off. Also, due to kitchen renovations the rice was not served in dolsot (stone pots) which was a huge part of my soon dubu experience.

To top off the decrease in quality of the food, we asked [multiple times] for plastic containers to bring home the leftovers but was told that those containers were only for take out customers. Instead, we were given these small foam containers that were could easily get crushed. We asked for one more plastic bag just to pack our leftovers separately but they insisted on only one bag per customer even though there were 3 people with 3 separate orders. Clearly the economy is hitting them hard and the quality of food and customer service is sinking with it.
i visit this tasty, 9 dollar soon doob spot every time i go home.  no, seriously. every.  time.  

best soon doob ive ever had (with the exception of my momma's, of course)!  and quick too!  they come in a variety of flavors (kimchi, beef, mushroom, etc) as well as varying degrees of spiciness.  the meal comes with great panchan, a raw egg (to be added into your soon doob mid-boil), and a stone pot of rice which is later turned into noo-rung-ji with warm boh-ree-cha (barley tea).

the waiters/waitresses are so cute in the traditional korean garb and pretty much leave you to your delicious tofu unless you need something, then you can either flag them down or push the button on the side of the table.  ive eaten and sat there talking with my fellow soon doob loving friend for hours before, and they dont mind.

ALSO: you can call in your order ahead of time, so that it's nice and piping hot right when you get there to eat.
Not bad.  The quality of the tofu soup is pretty good, and the side dishes are decent.

As of July 2014, the tofu soup is $10, which is pricier than what I expected for a dish like that.

This place is better than other "standard" korean restaurants i've been to, but not amazing by any means.  The price isn't a great deal but I will continue to come here for "cheaper" korean food cravings.  Unfortunately it's about 25 minutes from Center City.

Service here is, unfortunately, typical korean style and they don't check on you ever. Get used to it though, it's just the culture.  Ring the bell if you need something.

It's also hard to find unless you're looking for it.  Highly recommend using google maps, as it seems to be in the middle of a neighborhood.
Good korean tofu! Its especially good when its REALLY cold outside.  Bad thing about this place is that they dont turn on the heater ( which i guess is understandable since the food will make you HOT) Reasonably priced.  Will definitely  go back! Another good thing, there is PARKING and its Not on the streets
All I have to say is this place makes me happier than a pig in shit.  It really IS the best $8 you can spend and you leave feeling like you're going to explode (I do at least).  Only problem is...I can't stop eating when I'm here.  Who knew that tofu, rice and barely water will make one so happy?
Been dying to give this place a try after seeing all the reviews and I'm so glad I did! Was greeted warmly and sat promptly even though our party of 6 had to split into 4 and 2 but within the same area. This turned out to be a good thing because we ended up with 4 orders of banchan -- kimchi, radish, bean sprout, cucumber, and seaweed.

The Korean pancake is one of my favorite Korean foods and it was delicious! I also really enjoyed the hot stone bimbimbap (let the rice sit and crisp up!) with ample gochujang (the slight spicy/tangy red paste in the squeeze bottles) and the soon dubu. I'm sad this place doesn't do Korean BBQ anymore since the tabletop grills indicate that they used to. But the food was delicious, relatively inexpensive, and hit the spot!

If you need to get here via septa, it's easy. Just go to fern rock, and take the 70 bus. It'll drop you off right in front within minutes!
The prices you see on the yelp menu are not up to date.

Very tasty tofu.  Their tofu are in large generous chunks and  served in a tasty broth. I got mild as in little spicy, and it wasn't spicy at all so I think it's safe to go on the spicier side.  We got the beef soft tofu and the mushroom soft tofu.  It tastes the same, just different topping.  For mushroom, I think they use black mushrooms which I am not a fan.  Nonetheless, I love the flavor and tofu. This may be my new comfort food.  It's like chicken noodle soup. I could curl up in a blanket on the couch all day and have this.  Not sure if it says on the menu, but it comes with rice :-)

I didn't give it 5 because the BBQ squid was an utter disappointment.  It came in large pieces and was not sliced. It's also just topped with kimchi like something. I don't recommend the BBQ squid.
This place is known for their soondubu and they definitely do not disappoint. My friend, who's Korean, swears it's the best soondubu in the city, and she's the one who ultimately took me here. After hearing her rave about it for a while, we finally ended up going together and it really was as good as she said. They definitely don't skimp on the spiciness if that's what you're in to--I was sweating up a storm. But don't worry, you can customize the level of spiciness. 

Speaking for her, she's been here countless times and only ever gets the soondubu. There are a lot of good Korean restaurants in the area that could probably give this place a run for its money with other, more well-known dishes (like bibimbap), so stick with the soondubu. You won't regret it.
When you have 56 reviews on Yelp, and you're still at 4.5 stars, oh honey, you KNOW you're good.

I'm a soon du bu *freak*  This is a HUGE statement but ...it's quite possibly my favorite Asian dish of all time, or at least it battles with Pho for that position on a daily basis.

There is nothing like a bubbling hot bowl of seafood soon du bu to warm your bones.  I tried both the seafood and the mushroom versions at Jong Ka Jib.  I was surprised at how much depth the mushrooms lent to the broth.  When it comes to the ten versions of sdb at this place, something tells me you can't go wrong with any of them.  

Also, the decor is adorable.  Polished, provencal charm with lots of Korean knickknacks on the wall.  Would make a fun date spot if you're up this way.

Seriously, take a few hours out of your weekend for a mini-staycation up in K-town.  Hit up Jong Ka Jib and then the awesome H-mart in Elkins Park, and then Seo Ra Bol for some real charcoal bbq.
Wow! The last time we ate such amazing food was in  Koreatown LA. We ordered the extra spicy Kimchi Soondubu and a Pajun appetizer. The banchan spread was amazing and the kimchi especially had a really good amount of heat to it. We were so glad to have walked in on a cold wintry night because the food had some extra comfort factor to it. The soft tofu in the soondubu was amazing and the flavor was out of this world. Cracking a raw egg and stirring it into the boiling hot stone bowl added some extra oomph to the dish. We walked out so happy and stuffed. Highly recommended restaurant.
After hearing rumors of delicious Soft Tofu place up 5th street, I had to come out and see what the fuss is all about. And I am very happy to say that it did not disappoint.

Soft Tofu (or "soon dubu" in Korean) is a traditional Korean dish that is, for some mysterious reason, very difficult to recreate at home. It has soft tofu (as the name suggests) which is much much silkier in texture than any tofu you'll see in non-Korean markets (even silkier than the tofu that's termed "very soft"...which is called "yeon dubu").

Jong Ka Jib specializes in this "soon dubu" dish. You get a hot sizzling stone pot full of stew consisting of hearty broth and soft tofu. There are various kinds of ingredients (seafood, pork, beef, mushrooms, kimchi, or everything-combo) you can choose to put in and varying degrees of spiciness. If you are unsure of the choices, I get the combo and medium spiciness (3 stars?).

Along with the stew, you get side dishes ("ban chan"), typical of Korean cuisine, and you also get rice prepared in stone pot (so that rice near the stone gets crispy). The rice, after eating the soft part, you can pour the barley tea they provide into the pot to loosen the toasted rice (called "noo roong ji").

If you are familiar with similar joints in NYC or LA, like Book Chang Dong (or shortened as "B.C.D"), you will find that the soon dubu at Jong Ka Jib is just as good what you will find in B.C.D.
Everything good they say about this place is true, so saying anything else about it would be redundant.  Other than to say that their mul and bibim naeng myeon are the best I've ever had.

Also, you don't *need* a car to get there.  From Center City you can take the 47 bus and walk about 5 blocks, or the Broad Street Line to Fern Rock then take the 70 bus, which drops you right at the corner across from the restaurant.  Also, the Melrose Park regional rail line is close by.
Enjoyed a traditional Korean lunch with delicious banchan. The menu was quite small & maybe I was expecting all the offerings of Seorobol, but I was disappointed in the choices. I had a good bibimbap & my companions loved their soft tofu stew & BBQ octopus. I'll definitely come again and order grilled meat.
The best spot for soft tofu soup in Philly in my opinion! It is a BYOB so you can bring something along as well. The server is very attentive and accomodating. There is a parking lot behind so you don't have to park on the street. The soup is very flavorful and depend on the level of spiciness, it can really make you sweat! I usually get the kimchee or seafood because they have more flavor in my opinion. They also give you side dishes as well. There is a pot of rice along with your soup so you will be very full at the end of the meal so make sure you come hungry and starving!! With such big portion, the price is pretty cheap. I always had a good meal here, definitely a favorite :)
If you want some awesome spicy korean tofu soup, look no further. Jong Ja Jip is the place to go. "Soon-do-boo" (spicy tofu soup) is their trademark dish. It's basically tofu soup in one of those special pot bowls that keeps the soup hot and fresh. Even after an hour, the soup was still pretty warm due to the heat from the pot bowl. There is a wide variety to choose from, plain, mushroom, seafood, beef, etc. And you can also choose the intensity of the spice from no spice to really spicy. There are also other appetizers available, such as the BBQ ribs, chicken stew, bean curd, etc. 

The tofu menu is around 8 dollars, and the appetizers range from 8 to 15 dollars. Not a shabby deal at all for some great authentic korean dishes. Highly recommended on a very cold winter night :).
I'm 4 months pregnant and was craving kimchee jeggae...I google searched Korean restaurants and this popped up as closest.
I was so pleasantly surprised at the whole experience.

The restaurant is clean with a tasteful decor, very open and airy. All of the staff were so friendly and welcoming of me and my toddler (not a common occurrence at most restaurants). He is very outgoing and sometimes surprises strangers with hugs. Did that today, and they just ate him up! All of the other staff asked for a hug too.

The kimchee jeggae hit the spot, and even my 3 year old (very picky) son enjoyed it! The small plates were nice, all pickled-ish, I usually like the egg one and the pastry one, but they were still tasty. 

The best part, for those who have young children, was the end. I needed to take my son into the restaurant before we left because he is potty training and, for that, hourly consistency is key. This is a frightful endeavor when out running errands; one never knows what they will encounter in a public restaurant, and it is usually not a pleasant experience.
This was. The bathroom was SPOTLESS, and smelled nice! (Nice bonus for a pregnant lady) But the best part: inside the stall was a small table that has a training seat on it! How thoughtful. Usually my son needs to prop himself up with his hands on the large seat, which makes me cringe every time. Not today! This is what I call kid friendly. Also, the bathroom has a changing table for the babies, which is in my experience uncommon amongst non-chain restaurants.

This place has great food and caters to the needs of moms with young kids. Wonderful experience, we will definitely return!
Best place for Soondubu in Philly. Great place and food to eat on a cold winter night as the heat warms your body and the spice clears your nostrils. Be warned, the service may not be the best if you are non-Korean and/or are young. I suggest you look past all of this and just enjoy the food like I do. 

In terms of what I like, Oyster is my favorite because they stand out in flavor but Pork is pretty good too. It's all up to your preferences as the base will taste mostly the same. For the spice level, they go from levels 1-5 and levels 4 & 5 are very spicy! Also the heat level is very hot when it comes out so put the egg in there (it's not a hard-boiled egg) and let it sit a few minutes before enjoying. 

Other than the Soondubu, they have some ancillary dishes to go along with the Banchan (small dishes). My group's go to is the LA Kalbi for extra protein to go with the stew. It's not the best and can be hit or miss but the stew is the main attraction anyway. I've also tried the Grilled Squid, which was underwhelming. I take one star off because these dishes aren't up to the standards of the stew.

You've been warned about the heat and spice. Now's the perfect time to go try it!
The place to go to for soft tofu. Although it may be a bit more pricy than other places, the flavors and the amount makes up for it. Seafood soon du bu was great. The rice and stew really fills you up. I just love how traditional this place is. Not many other places serve rice in a stone bowl, raw eggs to crack in, and hot water for a warm rice porridge after. According to my vegetarian cousins, the mushroom tofu stew was good too. My brother loves the chicken bbq here. 

The service was also nice and quick so that's a plus. 

Overall, you should come here for korean food that won't disappoint.
Great spot in the North Philly area. The restaurant is traditionally themed once you walk inside. The ahjummas and ajusshis are really nice and despite the slight language barrier, you should be again to order and enjoy your meal without any issues. 

The soft tofu is really good here and they serve rice in a stone pot. You have to quickly stir the rice and scoop it out before the rice gets stuck in the stone pot. Once you take the rice out and after you finish your meal, they will bring some hot water and pour it into the stone pot so that you can have this warm porridge type thing after your meal. Also, they serve hot rice tea that's really good and are only served at real korean places
I came here once before with my korean friends and it was fabulous.. This time I decided to take my hubby. 

Food was still delicious... Tofu soft and silky.. And you want level 5 of spiciness, you get level 5... SPICCYYYYY.. O sooooo goood.. Their squid, chicken and kalbi was excellent in flavor. And you dont wait long for the food to come out which is a plus.
  
But the service.. ehhh.. It seems like if you're not korean, u get jipped off of some korean items you should be receiving.. They didn't give me a few things i should have had, just like the three other tables of koreans sitting around me... Is it ok? No.. But I can deal with it cuz their food was super yummy and honestly, i don't like the missing items that much anyways. 

This place is not in the best part of town, and I was getting a bit scared driving down 5th street... Then I saw the brightly lit sign that read "Jong Ka Jib".... and felt more at ease... And thank god they have their own parking lot... I would prolly shit in my pants if I had to park elsewhere and walk over...

We'll be back.. But next time, with the unni and oppas!!! =)
This has become my second home ever since I've been introduced to Jong Ka Jib during my high school days. I love coming here during the winter to warm my belly with a nice, bubbling bowl of homemade tofu soup. But since the food is so good, I come here all year round!

My favorite soondubu is the beef, in medium spicy. My mom likes to order it in little spicy so she can taste more of the tofu flavor. The wait isn't long, and time passes quickly when you're tasting the different banchans. My favorites are the spicy cucumber and kongjang (soybean). Once your rice and tofu soup arrive, crack your egg into the boiling soup and let it cook inside. Soon du bu is only $10, and the portion is big. I usually finish half of it and take the rest home. 

I've also tried the gal bi (beef short ribs) and seafood pancake. Both are a hit or miss. Sometimes the gal bi are grilled perfectly, while other times they're overcooked and dry. I like my seafood pancake crispy, but when it's a full house, the pancakes come out a little under-cooked. For the price, it could have a little bit more seafood in it too. But that doesn't stop me from ordering it as an appetizer each time :).

The restaurant has a very nice, calm atmosphere. There is plenty of seating and the servers are quick and attentive. This is the best place in philly in get soondubu!
Do not come here... WITHOUT ordering their Soon Du Bu. I don't dine at many Korean restaurants because they are not convenient from where I live (besides Center City). My boyfriend and I were in North Philly and decided to come here after reading all the great reviews about this place.

We came here on a Monday and the place was pretty packed. I ordered the Kimchee & Beef Soft Tofu stew. I love spicy food, so I made sure that I could get it as spicy as possible. My boyfriend ordered the BBQ Squid. The server brought out our rice and various Banchan dishes for our meal. Shortly afterwards, the tofu stew came out pipin' hot along with our sizzlin' BBQ Squid.

The tofu stew was absolutely DIVINE. The level of spiciness and flavor was PERFECT. The BBQ squid was perfectly seasoned and topped with spicy sauce.

Prices are reasonable for the portion and quality. Service is good. The only downside is that it's incovenient from where I live, but I'll definitely be back when I'm in the area.
Delicious and large portions of various Korean stews with soft tofu (soon dubu jigae).  They have other stuff, including the classic pa jeon/scallion pancake, which looked good but we didn't order.  They also have a variety of other Korean classics, including nyangmeon/buckwheat noodles---my favorite!  I'll definitely be back in the summertime.

Served in enormous dolsots, with similarly enormous dolsots of rice.  (The crusty bits are DELICIOUS.)  Preceeded by six banchan: small appetizer plates.  Ours were a cabbage water kimchi, cucumber kimchi, mung bean sprouts, pickled daikon and chilli, wakame salad, and another i can't remember  None of these were outstanding, but none were bad.

I had a 4-spicy veggie soon dubu; my girlfriend had a 3-spicy kimchi soon dubu jigae.  We couldn't tell the difference in spice levels, though both were nicely spicy.

Why four stars?  This place is good, but overhyped.  Run of the mill banchan and good but not amazing soon dubu.  The tofu was melt-in-your-mouth soft, but the broth was bland.  Next time I'll get something more flavorful---clams, maybe?
I do not visit this place nearly enough...I could eat here everyday n not get bored with the tofu mushroom stew extra extra spicy....this place leaves my tongue in shock for days...
I can find myself here at least once a week even in the summer for their soft tofu or soondubu. I brought my boyfriend here for his first soondubu, and he's now hooked. They have a scale on how spicy you like your tofu to be (1-nonspicy to 5-very spicy), and the portions are generous. I'm always walking out of the door with a full and satisfied tummy. 
After ordering they serve you five side dishes, that compliment the meal perfectly. Instead of trying to flag your server down, there is a button on the table that you ring if you need them. They also bring you a pitcher of water or tea--depending on which on you have--so you don't have to constantly ask for refills. Although I never tried the Korean pancake yet, I always want to order it because it looks so yummy, and its huge. 
Parking is available on the side (where the door is), and on the street, even arriving around peak dinner time on a Saturday, parking was not a problem.
This is my favorite Korean restaurant in Philly, and I HIGHLY recommend it.
One of the best korean tofu I've ever had and it's cheap!  This is just as good as any of the other Korean restaurants in Los Angeles.  All the little side dishes are really good too.  I ordered the beef bulgogi and that wasn't very good, but it is not what they are known for.  The food is served quickly and the staff is friendly.
So as a native New Yorker, I will always claim everything is better in New York. That said, this is easily the best soondubu spot in the North East. Nothing in New York can compare. The one in Fort Lee, NJ comes close but still falls short.

Of course the caveat to all this is that you have to like tofu soup to begin with. If you do, this is totally your jam. I haven't been here in years but came after a trip to Atlantic City this past Christmas and was not disappointed. 

My favorite combination here has always been the seafood soondubu and the pork kalbi. The beef kalbi is only okay, but the pork kalbi is perfectly spiced and finger licking good. I like it spicy so I go for a level 5 spice level on my soondubu and it is ridiculously good. I promise you that no other spot gives you more tofu. I highly recommend this spot.

It's only not getting a 5 because it's so far away. You need to open more locations!
We dined at Jong Ka Jib for dinner for my mother-in-law's birthday. It was around 6pm when we arrived and the restaurant was fairly empty, which was a bit worrisome, but customers started storming in around 7pm. We ordered several soondubu, two Korean pancakes, tteokbokki, jap chae, mandu and galbi and a majority of the dishes were pretty authentic. They also started our meal with one of the best parts of a Korean meal - the banchan! The only thing I didn't enjoy was the pancake. I'm used to thicker pancake with crispy edges, but their pancake resembled crepe and were sadly, very thin and soggy. Fortunately the other dishes were delicious and we nearly cleared out everything.
This place has been a korean restaurant that has been around Philly for many years. I remember I was a child and coming here with my parents. There is much nostalgia associated with this place. 

After a leaving for college and coming back to eat here, I was happy to know not much had changed. The workers great you warmly and the food is served perfectly hot. 

I ordered eel and it was delicious. The sauce and everything. It came with hot rice still in the stone pot which made me feel at home. 

I would recommend this spot if you want somewhere homey and warm.
This is hands down my favorite  restaurant in philly. I grew up coming to this restaurant with my family, came about 1-2 times a month. The same waitress is also there, and it's so great to see her sweet kind soul. 

I just have one complaint. The  (the side dishes) have gotten worse over the years.  is probably the most important "part" or food in the Korean culture. I just wished that they would have better quality side dishes. Also I don't recommend ordering anything but the soft tofu soup and the galbi. My grandparents ordered a Korean seafood noodle dish which was about $13 and there was nothing in there. Literally nothing. Just noodles and 3 pieces of shrimp and other seafood. But other than that I love coming here for the only the . C
A local Korean restaurant, which has a pretty tricky parking lot (be careful of the hill!), but has a nice quiet environment inside. I came here for lunch and the prices were decent for the weekend. I got the beef soft tofu, while my boyfriend got the kalbi. Our friends also got some other tofus. You are able to say how much spice level you want for the tofu (the spiciest one is not too spicy according to my Korean friend!), and each entree also comes with a huge bowl of rice even though it does not say it on the menu. 

They had a good variety of banchan, as I loved the pickled cucumbers, radish and kimchi. They definitely give a lot of tofu and ingredients inside it, as I had a lot of tofu leftover and less soup. It tastes amazing, perfect for a cold day! There was also a good amount of kalbi, and they come uncut, but provide scissors for you to cut them however you want. The flavor and tenderness of the meat was perfect. 

A great place to try if you are in Philly, but the location is outside of the city skirts so it is only accessible if you have a car!
Ehhh.  What's up with these Korean BBQ places not actually being Korean BBQ that you can cook at your table?  Some may like that, but I like the social aspect of cooking at the table.  And I like the dipping of the meat in oil etc.  I've just been spoiled by living in LA which has all these awesome $20 awesome AYCE Korean BBQ spots.  

So, I prefer Seorabul Korean BBQ.  

Also, they didn't have pork belly.  

They had a bulgogi on the appetizer menu, which was pretty good.  

Dumplings were not good.  The celery overpowered.  I usually love dumplings.  

Banchan - all fine but nothing special (~4 dishes - bamboo shoots, kimchee, seaweed, zucchini w kimchee).   

Servers don't speak English.  

Doesn't serve alcohol, but you can BYOB.  

Jap Chae was fine.  

They have their own parking lot.  Right up the block from Cafe Soho, which we ended up going after to pick up some wings.
Best soondubu in the area. Always piping hot and delicious. You can customize your spice. I can't handle spice too well so I usually get the little spicy which adds just enough flavor. Boyfriend loves the spicy so he gets the very spicy which in my opinion, burns a hole in your throat but hey, personal preference right? 

Soup is always boiling when it comes out and the perfect temperature to crack your egg right in. Couple seconds or minutes later (depending on how you like your egg cooked) it'll be ready! Rice comes cooked in a stone pot. When you're done you can ask the waiter to pour hot tea into for a Korean classic.

For $12 a bowl you can't go wrong.
Maybe the best $10 lunch I've ever had.

No.  It WAS the best $10 lunch I've ever had.

All I'm sayin'.
I've been here numerous times over the years. I don't particularly gravitate towards soft tofu so I usually order other stuff on the menu. 

I think they are decent Korean restaurant. The BBQ is sometimes overly marinated and sauced but still enjoyable. The side dishes are good. 

I think I like this place mostly BC of the theme... The interior is really unique, I assume Korean inspired. Also the parking lot feels safe when you go to this neighborhood at night.
Jong Ka Jib is pretty much the only good Korean food that I've had in the Philadelphia area. I'm not a fan of soon dubu, but maybe it was a combination of the cold weather and the excitement of getting to eat real Korean food for once because Jong Ka Jib was truly just as good if not better than some of the places I've been to in LA's Koreatown. 

Three of us ordered soon dubu and I ordered the kalbi plate. It came out on the sizzling platter, and even though I was super upset by the portion size (read: small), it was decently marinated. You get kinda desperate when you don't have access to one of your favorite things to eat. But Jong Ka Jib is really known for its soondubu, so if you stick to the tofu soup, you won't be disappointed. The rest of the (limited) menu offerings are decent, but certainly not the best. You can't be great at everything right? The panchan (side dishes) are very traditional and pretty well-done, including the kimchi which was fermented to the right degree (in my opinion.) 

I love the ambiance - it is like a real old school Korean restaurant complete with wooden (picnic-ish) tables, stone pot rice bowls, metal chopsticks, and ahjimas (older Korean ladies) who are pretty attentive. And if they just don't seem to catch you trying to get their attention, then you have the button on the side of the table that calls them over. Yay for technology. 

Don't be alarmed by the waiter/waitress pouring warm water/tea into your stone pot at the end of the meal - it's like instant rice porridge. 

Even though it's pretty inaccessible from Center City without a car, it is seriously worth a trip. So make friends with someone who has a car, and nudge nudge them over to Jong Ka Jib. Your friend will most likely thank you.
I absolutely love this place! My husband and I come here so often that he's getting tired of the food, but not me. I love their bbq beef short ribs served over a bed of white onions accompanied with a hot clay pot filled with white rice and all the condiments you can ask for.  Their tofu soup selection are amazing!! I get my soup extra spicy because, to me,  its adds more flavor. Its a great place for a party of 2-6, but when you go pass 10 people its hard for the place to accommodated you. We had a party of 15 for dinner after Thanksgiving and the staff was a little overwhelmed. Overall it was still good.
I'm a soondoobu junkie, so I leaped at the chance to go here when my parents were in town. Meh, truthfully I don't know what the hype is about... it's a good soup yea, but nowhere near the best I've ever had. The decor and service were both very excellent though!

This seems more like the place I'd bring my white friends to try some korean food than the place I run to when I'm craving a slice of home.
growing up in Philly, this was one of the places that started my love affair with Korean food.  one of my my favorite Korean restaurants in Philly.  

those who know me know that although I eat meat, tofu is my protein of choice.  tofu, broth, spicy...  ahhh delicious!  their tofu stew totally hits the spot, especially around fall and winter months.

parking lot in side/rear and there is usually ample street parking.
SO CLOSE TO BEING 5 STARS. If I could give a 4.5, I would but alas...

Came here the other night with three of my most adventurous eating friends. I was feeling homesick for some good Korean food. 

Now where I come from (LA) asian food is abundant and VERY VERY good. I cannot say the same about Philly. Most of the asian places I have been dragged to have been restaurants specializing in the art of fried meat and gloopy sauces with a side of bland fried. Yuck. I will say there is an exception for the very good Vietnamese fair in South Philly and of couse, Jong Ka Jib Soft Tofu. 

The atmosphere is traditional Korean with hard wood benches, closed off dining rooms, and Korean folk art decorating the walls. 

I was pleasantly surprised by the authenticity and familiarity of all the flavors and dishes at Jong Ka Jib. They even use the same dishware as my favorite KBBQ restaurant back home! 

We all ordered the Sundubu Kimchi and got the BBQ Squid and Bulgogi to share. 

As for the banchan, the pickled cucumbers and daikon w/ soy sauce and jalapenos were definitely a favorite amongst our group while the kimchi left something to be desired. There was a sweetness to it that I am not used to... It also was not as spicy as the kimchi I usually eat. 

Our Sundubu arrived bubbling and boiling in their stone cauldrons accompanied by the rice also in a stone bowl. I immediately cracked an egg into mine and ladled the soup over top. (I like to let my egg poach in there to get a nice eggy surprise halfway through my meal!) One of my fellow diners chose to scramble the egg into her sundubu. Though apprehensive at first, she was sure glad she did it!

The bulgogi was great as was the BBQ squid, both dishes massive in size, the four of us were stuffed to the brim by the end of our meal.

In general I could have used a lot more spice in the meal, we ordered our sundubu medium because again, at home usually medium is a decent spice level. I was disappointed at how mild my sundubu was... next time we will definitely order "Spicy". That in addition to the odd kimchi is were the -1 star comes from. Oh well. 

Overall I really enjoyed my meal here and will be back again soon!!

Oh and PS:
It is a BYOB, and definitely good for a cheap date!
Great place for above average Soon Do Bu (soft tofu soup)! 

Advised to come here with at least one person who can speak Korean since most if not all the waiters prefer speaking in Korean versus English.

Any of their Soon Do Bu's end up tasting all about the same whether you get seafood, beef, pork, ect.  You can control your spice level by ranking 1-10, 1 being least spicy, 10 most spicy.  I recommend ordering their seafood pancake as well to complement your Soon Do Bu if you are eating among a group of friend(s).  They usually allow you to refill their panchan (free side dishes) once or twice before being difficult about it.

For the rice given to you in the stone bowl, I recommend pouring the hot water they give you in a pitcher, into the stone bowl, once you have eaten most of it. This easily allows you to scrape off the crusted/hardened rice on the sides of the bowl.

Parking can be difficult when their lot is near full as it is weirdly laid out.  If you are having difficulty, street parking nearby should be ok although area does not seem the most safe.

Otherwise, pretty good Soon Do Bu, esp. on a cold, rainy, or snowy day!
Finally! Everything I wanted in an authentic Korean eating experience. The staff is curt but the food is to die for and cheap! Yes, the service buttons exist (you might need to buzz them to get your requested water delivered to your table) and the setting is charming, if a bit off the beaten path at the Northernmost edge of the city. You CAN get there without a car - just walk a mile from the subway stop! 

If out love tofu and spicy Korean soup, + you get a kick out of breaking your own egg into the steaming pot, this destination has to be on your list!
First Korean restaurant I'd ever been to. Cute rustic decor, sweet staff and awesome side dishes (best cucumber kimchi ever).....soft tofu soup is the best :)
What to expect -- fun decor (the interior, especially from the inside of the front entrance looks like a korean tea house), great food - delicious bubbling hot tofu in stone pots, awesome korean pancake, great barbequed meats (I love the chicken), oh, and shitty service. Come here with great company and you won't even notice the last part.
1. Great side dishes
2. Soondubu
3. Asian ambience

Consumed:
Bbq chicken
Mushroom soondubu
Seafood soondubu

I have been here twice now and have thoroughly both experiences! I absolutely love the small side dishes though I have varying favorites. I really enjoy the cucumbers and the beans. The pickled radishes are fine too. 

When the soondubu comes out, it's in a boiling thick clay bowl. Be careful!  Then you're supposed to crack the raw egg into it and let it cook. You could either let it sit or you can mix the egg in. It's a fun experience!
This place has a parking lot fyi!

The restaurant may look kind of shady and can be easliy overlooked.. However, the inside is very nice. All the tables are booths with benches which makes it look vert traditional. They use flat steel chopsticks which can be hard to use but they do have regular wooden disposable chopsticks.

There's a button on the table and they only come to you if you press it.. The waitress didn't know much English but she knew enough to understand me and she was super friendly.

You're served free mini apps while you wait for your food.. The apps can range but usually its Kimchi and pickled veggies.

They're known for their tofu stews which are great for the chilly weather or a cold.. I ordered the stew with beef and seafood. It comes boiling hot in a bowl and It comes with a raw egg that you crack to put in the stew. You can also pick what spice level you want. I also ordered the ribs which were good.
My favorite soft tofu spot in the world. Dubu cant even beat this place. I love all of their side dishes compared to Dubu's. The cucumber, radish, and beans are my go-to! My usual order is beef soft tofu #2 spicy. Sad that the price went up for this place but I'll still return regardless. The workers are really fast and very polite. 

Im still searching for a spot that has fluffy steamed eggs though ;(
This is the best place to get soondoobu in the Philadelphia area. (Still, as great as this place is, I still yearn for a BCD tofu house in Philadelphia.) 

The service, although somewhat rude (is it just me since I'm a college student? or is that lady always frowning and hating life?), always brings out the food very quickly. Soondubu is always boiling hot, delicious, and filling here, although they do use MSG. My favorite is the pork soondoobu (I think a new addition), but I also love the seafood, mushroom, and kimchi soondubu as well. The banchan (little side dishes) are always great - the cucumber kimchi! They keep raising the prices, but I don't blame them. I will gladly pay 11$ for a bowl of their soondubu, rice, and side dishes.
This is one of my favorite restaurants, hands down.  I'm in an orgasmic trance for the entire time I'm there.  I usually just get a hotpot; I'm not super into spicy, but I like spice that has a lot of flavor.  You order the hotpots based on the amount of spicy you'd like it, 1-5, I find 3 is almost perfect (I've had 4, its just a little too much for me.)

Every time I go there are different little kimchi and other pickled salads.  The staff is attentive, and all you have to do is ring for them and they come to your table.  Their English is not usually all that good, which is fine, and it used to be that I'd be the only Anglo at the restaurant when I'd go, but the secret seems to have gotten out that this place is so amazing - if you're at all adventurous, just go.
I've been coming here since they opened up in the 90's and they have the best consistent soft tofu stew. Always great service with a big smile, and priced just right. If you want to try Korean for the first time come here, you will come back again and again.
Tofu house is one of my favorite go-to spots. The food quality is always consistent. I love their mushroom soondubu and beef ribs. Those are my two favorites!

 I also like the scallion pancake! The scallion pancake can be a bit greasy but very filling! I usually only get it when I go with the group because it would be too much for two people to share long with soondubu and the beef ribs. 

The side dishes they serve are also very good, I love their cucumbers! The staff are fairly friendly and if you need their attention you can just press the button on the table. 

They have recently upped the prices but overall its still one of my favorite Korean spots in Philly!
The best soon-dubu in the city!  This place is tucked away and once you walk in, it's like you've stepped into a Korean home.  Very welcoming, warm and inviting.

It's very vegetarian friendly!  The soft tofu is stewed and put into the dol sot pots which each and every stew feels like it's custom made for you. 

You can select from beef, seafood or mixed meats (seafood & beef), mushroom, and just plain.  They can adjust the spice as needed too.  I always get the extra hot with the hot temperature, can't beat it.  The rice also comes in a dol-sot which is great if you leave it in for a while, it burns the rice into a nice crispy shell.  DROOL.

Just thinking about this place makes my mouth salivate!  

If you're not into tofu, they also offer korean bbq meats (cooked in the back), with other soup/stew items.

Love this place!!!
This place has become one of my favorites! I am always here with friends and its so close to a few of our houses so its perfect. I've even brought the family over to try it and they enjoyed it very much. I've tried many things on their menu and most are very good but my go-to-favorite is my Kimchi Beef, medium spicy. So delicious and worth the money. A must try for anyone looking to try something new whether you like it spicy or not, since you tell them how you want it. I rarely give five stars but this place deserves it - wonderful staff as well, always polite and a pleasure to be back.
If you like soon do bu (soft tofu soup with meat), I highly recommend this place. I couldn't give it 5 stars because there was not enough meat. I got the seafood tofu and there was like 2 shrimps and 2 clams in the entire soup. Soon do bu was only $10 for any kind (maybe that's why there wasn't much meat?). Broth is delicious. I recommend cracking the raw egg and mixing it  into the broth. 

I also got the galbi, it was really flavorful!
Came on a Tuesday evening with some friends. Place was pretty empty. As always, we ordered the soon dubu which is a must if you come here. The tofu is so silky and soft. We ordered the seafood soon dubu. There was barely any seafood (two shrimps, two oysters, two mussels). We also ordered the jap chae, the kalbi, Beef dolsot, and the seafood pancake. I would return for the soon dubu, everything else was okay.
I am in soft tofu heaven.

Every Yelper who adores this place is now joined by me ... am a total FAN.

Been waiting to go here and was deterred by snow storms on 2 occasions!

Went with dear friends and 2 of us had the soondubu jiigae with oyster ... this was a foodie's steamy, creamy, spicy and bubbly mini hot tub of utter savory deliciousness.  Pair that with the rice in the stoneware that is so hot that it begins to crisp on the sides and then you let that bathe in the soondubu ... ahhhhh.

Service is fast and the food comes out quickly too.  

The little banchan dishes were a wonderful start as well.

Will absolutely be back here !!!!
Off the beaten path but worth a trip. Short ribs were excellent as was the jap chae, squid and scallion pancake, and bibimbap.
Nice to have this place within walking distance of my house. I've only eaten here a handful of times a but the experience was mostly positive.Last time we arrived about 8 on a Sat. night. Place was packed. We were seated within 10 minutes. Mostly Korean clientele.Owners very welcoming and friendly.

Good deal for $10. Their soon dubu tends to be on the bland side sometimes.First time i got the seafood spice level 3. Actually enjoyed the banchan much better. The kim-chi- beef spice level 3 lacked real kim chi or beef flavor. Tried my friend's seafood spice level 4.. Now we're talking! Next time. The service and owners are great. Definitely some great things about this place and I will definitely return.Love the banchan, the raw egg you get to add to your soup, the whole presentation...the rice in the stone pot...crunchy..add water they provide to get all the good bits.Buzzer on table for service a nice touch.
I'm obsessed with soondubu. Seriously obsessed. I've searched the world for it and this is definitely in the top 3...to include restaurants in Korea! If I'm within 1 hour of this place, I make the detour here and schedule anything else around it so I can have a meal here. 

The spicy soup comes out boiling. I love the rice in the stone bowl with the norangi (crunchy burnt rice). The sides are all awesome, love the cucumber kimchi and bean sprouts. I love breaking the raw egg and eating it half way through when the yolks are still buttery and smoothi. It's 3 and 4 are the perfect spicy for me. There's always a lot of born and raised in Korea ahjummas and ahjussis (older Koreans) eating here so you know it's good.

Man I'm so hungry for Jong Ka Jib soondubu now!!!
Let me tell you how magical this "Korean soft tofu soup" is.

Before I discovered Jong Ka Jib Soft Tofu Restaurant I was mean-spirited, 85 lbs overweight, unemployed, major drug/alcohol problem, and I had a goiter on my neck the size of a donkey.  Women hated me.  All of them.

However when I took my first bite of "Korean soft tofu soup", my goiter shimmered and turned into a gold coin and I quickly began to shed the extra weight (and my drug/alcohol problem).  

Since then, I've gotten a job at WalMart!  And women wearing hoop earrings are basically like lining up out the door to have sex with me.

This soup is totally life-changing.  Year of the Dragon, baby!
You wouldn't know it from driving by, but this truly is as good as it gets.  It's the perfect setting to eat the most delicious Korean food you'll ever have.  Shortly after you're seated, you'll be brought hot tea or barley water (depending on the weather) and shortly after that they'll bring out several small dishes full of delicious things to munch on while you wait for the food you ordered.  I would recommend getting the soft tofu soup, which comes out boiling in a cauldron.  It also comes with a cauldron of white rice.  The best part is eating the rice that gets crispy along the sides of the dish that it comes out in.  The soup is so good that as soon as I'm not stuffed after eating it, I want more. You may not think that you like Korean soft tofu soup, or even soft tofu for that matter - but you haven't tried it at Jong Ka Jib!
Their tofu soup is the best.  They matched Tofu House in California, if not better.  The soup is very tasty and has the right flavoring.  However, their BBQ beef is not so good, a little too sweet.
I guess I should write a review after coming here like half dozen times. Soondoobu is real good here. I mean that's their specialty. I even had it in LA and it is comparable if not a little better.  All the other dishes though, they all pretty much suck, although my dad always gets this platter with various vegetables that you put some sauce in...i dont know. If you like tofu, or spicy things, you should def give this place a try. The other reviews here are pretty informative, just adding my 2 cents.
omg, best soondubu jjigae in the philly area! i love spicy food and spicy soondubu is the best kind. i usually get kimchi soondubu ah-joo mep-gae (the spiciest) and pretty much sweat through the entire bowl. the spiciest option is slightly on the too spicy side but i don't care. tastes soooooo good. the fact that they also serve the bap/rice in those dol-sot bowls and you can have noo-roon-ji is awesome too. their service is pretty good. can get somewhat slow when it gets crowded but they're usually over quick with the push of the button.
Been here multiple times over the last 2 years.
Seems as if tofu isn't quite as good as it was when I started coming here.  Not sure if it's actually changed, or our tasting of it.
mmm solid soondubu! the place is very spacious and parking was easy.

we ordered the seafood pancake which was crispy and a nice filling appetizer to complement the two bowls of tofu soup and banchan. i ordered my usual fave soondubu which is the combination (seafood + beef) and requested it on the very spicy side per the spice range which was actually spicy enough for me for once! there was a good balance of flavor to complement the heavy spicy level which can sometimes neutralize your taste buds and make the soup taste too bland. once the perfect boiling soup cooled down (much much much later in the meal) it was borderline too salty but still delicious. the banchan were all really good, too!

good service and cute ambiance, too. can't wait to come back and try some other things. this is definitely going to be my go-to soodubu spot!
