Be lucky this place was given a 2 star as I attempt to calm down before I write this review.

1. The food is exceptional, cannot take anything away from the taste and this is what gained the restaurant a 2 star.

2. The service is beyond UNPROFESSIONAL AND GHETTO. 

3. My experience in a nutshell- this was not my first visit and I have never had an issue before yesterday 1/9/17. Entered the restaurant and was approached by a young ghetto girl who stated " y'all gone go sit at the bar until we figure out what to do with y'all" it took me a second to process the information. My friend and I headed to the bar and sat, confused and alarmed. After about 30 min of waiting ( no greeting, no water, my flatware) the owner Jordan comes to the bar, bags a to-go order and totally disregarded our serval attempts to gain his attention. After about another 10 minute my friend and I decided to leave. Before we left we explain to the ghetto greeter that we were not pleased with the service thus far. Two employees ( no sure of their roles, I think one of the names was ms. jay or something) began to go back and forth about who should have served us and who should have explained to us that we were seated to wait for a table vs being seated to be served at the bar. Ms jay apologized and asked us to be seated again and they would serve us right away. We decided to give it another shot since the food is exceptional. We sat again for another 10 min and again no one attempted to come over.  at that point we had it with the unprofessional service. We went back to the front to explain that we were leaving and we asked to speak to the manager. we were told the manager isn't there. I asked to speak to the owner ( who I just saw enter the kitchen) the young girl decided to tell me he wasn't there. I asked her to repeat what she just told me, she stated she would check if he was there. She comes back to say " he said he is not coming out while he is working in the kitchen, so he won't be seeing y'all" I'm disgusted with his egotistical attitude and the bad service. Although the food is great, I will not return. How unprofessional of him to say he will not see us. I'm not sure if he knows this but without customers you have no business. TOTALLY IGNORANT OWNER, GHETTO STAFF MEMBERS, LONG WAIT TIME. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!! I will report my review on every blog and every review site I can find. NEWS FLASH JORDAN JOHNSON YOU ARE NOT THE ONLY RESTAURANT IN PHILLY WITH GOOD FOOD.
The food was good but the customer service was the pits. It took an hour for shrimp fried rice and fish fried rice. Then to make matters worse they gave me 7 shrimp and enough rice to feed my family of three. Not equally proportioned at all. Then after sitting at the "bar" finally the hostess/waitress/bar maid/.....etc. (cause one person handled the whole floor of the establishment on a Friday night) asks us would we like a beverage hell no, just give me my food! Then when we went to FINALLY pay they don't take cards, there was no signage that mentioned this info. So if you didn't have cash you were just assed out scrambling trying to find out where to go and get cash, which is horrible if you don't know the neighborhood, because Jordan Johnson's seafood doesn't have an onsite Mac machine. But the food was alright if you don't mind waiting an hour plus!!!!
The restaurant has potential, but they need to work on a few things. 

1. Update your menu on the web & in the restaurant. The Bridge Street menu still comes up. Also, some things were available that weren't on the menu. Have a chalkboard that lists "Today's specials..."

2. Please put a light in the vestibule. I'm not familiar with the area and leaving through a dark doorway made me feel unsafe. 

3. We placed three take out orders and waited well over an hour & had to wait at the bar. It wasn't crowded. Why tell your customers to wait there? Have chairs in the take out area. What if some customers have children with them?

4. The pictures on Instagram should have prices or at least say "this is a double order of..." Let people know if it's a real order.

5. The food is good. I do see potential in the place but would like to see more a la carte options. A few things for kids would be nice too.

I would go back if I didn't have to wait so long and if there were a few more options. Overall I'm not sure if it's a sports bar or lounge (a lot of tvs but loud music playing).
I had a terrible experience. It started when I first arrived 
1. I wasn't even greeted. Literally two hostess looked me dead in my face & said nothing. That should have been my clue to leave but I gave it another chance. 
2. We're seated & gave menus asked right away were we ready to order goodness can we have 5min
3. The menu doesn't specify what comes w entrees I found out nothing comes w entree. No drinks on menu had to ask what they had to drink
4. Bus boy brought me my order 2min after I ordered it but came back to retrieve it bc it was someone elses
5. Brought my fiancé a plate she asked what was it (wat are u giving me to make sure its correct this time) he said i dont know meat & rice 
6. She didn't like her order so I had to literally flag down waitress to just order her something different.  When I put another order in waitress asked what was wrong w the original entree we told her she didn't like it & just wanted to try something different off menu (not take it off bill but add another item) she then stated she will remove off bill & took plate
7. Came back w plate & told us her mgr said he will not remove it off our bill we have to box it up & take it w us

Stuff like this is why I can't support black owned businesses they don't know how to properly run an establishment. I didn't ask for my order to be taken off but after the waitress suggested it I didn't decline that offer. I will not return. 

Ps the crab fried rice was tasty but for $20 I need more crab meat
This restaurant is one of my favorite seafood spots in Philadelphia. I love the location, the chef, and the food is to die for...I could literally eat this food as my last meal! 

On this trip to Philadelphia I wanted the mussels and I got more than I expected! I could literally drink the sauce that was drizzled all over these delicious mussels. 

I suggest you try the collard green egg rolls and the Thai wings. They are the best in Philly! I'll be back this summer for sure and I'm probably going to get some crabs and the crab fried rice.
My heart is forever broken because despite the weird customer service and the no ordering over the phone I still recommend this spot to anyone looking for a not good but great meal. Now yawl have committed the ultimate sin in the food industry and that's being shut down for cleanliness. Food stored poorly, mice faeces, roaches and other issues. I don't care if yawl get it together I'm done heart is forever broken...
The food was absolutely delicious, the service was great, and everyone was friendly. You can tell they are still getting used to the restaurant atmosphere but I believe in a year they will be even better.
Hmmmm.... My review isnt fair because I didnt eat there. I made reservations, went, had a table but was completely thrown off by the atmosphere or lack thereof. I have seen so many good things on their IG page, but was sorely disappointed once arriving. You can tell that the restaurant clearly was some sort of Irish pub or something of that nature. The place is a nice size but the decor is TERRIBLE. There is a huge bar in the middle of the room. Cheap tables and chairs line the sides of the walls. The menu was on a piece of white laminated paper, and did not reflect the dishes I saw online at all. They off no options for children. When I inquired of this I was told " people usually come with more than one child, order an adult meal and the children split it. You can order a meal and split it with your daughter, there will be more than enough." Well damn me for only having one child lmao. I was totally uncomfortable, there were only two other guests there aside from my daughter and I. We told the server that we would pass. They may just be getting used to a restaurant environment, I will go back when they have halfway figured it out.
My wife brought me home oxtails from this place tonight, to my surprise they were the best damn oxtails I have ever tasted,  I say this coming from the family that owned Nappy Knikkys in Germantown, I sampled my wife and daughters dishes, they were all very good. ..great job I will visit personally very soon
I got the Shrimp Alfredo it was mediocre. However the Tia wings And the Mussel appetizers were awesome. The service from the waitress was minimal but the hostess was great.   I won't be coming back.
I live in the area and was excited to see this type of restaurant so close. I was determined to give them a try once I learned about them. The first time I came with a friend in the evening. We were going to dine in but it only appeared there was 1 waitress and we waited over 5 minutes at the bar to be seated while she took other orders so we left to go somewhere else, figuring that the food would take long and service wouldn't have been what we wanted based on what we saw that night. 

I soon went back back alone and for take out. The waitress was very polite and the service was very fast. I ordered the salmon Alfredo. The portion size was good and it was pretty flavorful however the dish was doused in a lot of oil, making it hard to enjoy it and it took away from the "alfredo" flavor. 

I would try them again but a dry dish like the fried rice.
I've eaten here several times and the food was great.  But the service and the food today was a  hot mess. This place really needs to invest in staff. You have one person running all over trying to do everything , I would would have felt bad for the girl if I hadn't waited 45mins for my order to still be wrong, I wasn't waiting another 45mins for the right order at that. There was so much curry sauce in these cheap little takeout containers that the one on the bottom broke through, plus there was only four shrimp and all rice. When my food is sloppy and messy as if he cook took zero time to prepare it I can't eat it, so I just had to take the $40 loss and find something else to eat at another business.
Food is delicious especially the curry salmon and vegetable fried rice. Service fee for BYOB is ridiculous and they didn't have that when they first opened this location. Collard green rolls are the best thing at this place but it is no longer on the menu. The original restaurant was at sumerdale and it did very well. In fact the take-out restaurant had better service. The service at the current location is terrible and food takes 1hr to 2hr on average to cook so don't go on a hungry stomach.
I will never come here again ... worse service ever.. waited an hour, didn't get seated after being told I was about to get seated. Literally watched them give other ppl my seat. Saw them mess up someone's reservation and then split the party up and seat ppl anywhere. Told me at 9pm that they were no longer cooking orders for anyone dining in even though they stay opened until 12(how sway)... like more than one person kept telling us different things. Then when they were about to seat us for "good", they said it would be 45minutes before the cook even got to our order. Then we would still have to wait for it to be cooked. Like this place is real unprofessional. Got one fucking bathroom with one toilet. All that space in that building yet they only seat like 40 ppl in the main room smh... I've only eaten there once and decided to bring others back this time but never again! I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone . Idc how good they food is, the service and the way they run their business is embarrassing . I'm ashamed in this black owned business for real . They don't even have a website tho
First time at Jordan Johnson's, food was flavorful, service, Blah... The menu clearly needs to be updated to remove the items they no longer carry (oxtails , curry goat j something else). There are no drinks or sides listed on the menu. There is a $5 charge for BYOB setup as well as a $5 upcharge if you want vegetable fried rice instead of white rice. The portions were a nice size but the ambiance of the restaurant itself was dark & blah. Enough tv's to be a sports bar. Maybe next time will just do takeout not sure if I want to dine in again. I just don't get all the hype. Must be the food cause it damn sure ain't the service.
First off let me say this. The food is absolutely amazing. Tonight was my second time coming and the food was even better this time than the last. I love supporting black owned businesses.... but tonight will be my LAST TIME coming back. The service and staff went above and beyond to be rude and unprofessional. I have never been told in any establishment to either be patient or leave. I couldn't believe my ears but I stayed because the food is A+. I shut my mouth and continued on with the evening. I sat at the bar thinking the service would be faster and more efficient; big mistake. In a span of 20 minutes several couples got up and left because of the service. So many things simply went wrong like 20 minutes for a refill of soda or another 15 minutes for napkins. I just wanted to run out the door after my meal. Our waitress brought over a handwritten check that had been in some sort of fight with a drink. That was my last straw. I requested to speak with the owner(which I knew he was there because he had brought out my food). I waited approximately 15 minutes and then I was informed he's not coming out because he was too busy. Needless to say customer service is number one in any business. Any establishment that doesn't take pride in the way they treat people will do one thing. Crash and burn.
Alright, so after a debate, I figure I'd give a full detailed honest review. Buckle up

So, with this being a black owned business, I have a certain level of attachment to this establish and want to support and be certain that I do my mdue diligence as I would any other business. Today, makes the 6th time (combination of dining in and taking out from 2017-2018) I've been to Jordan Johnson's. In short, I come here for the food and the food only. Everything outside of the food has been average to below average.  From short staff, to running out of glasses, rude waiters etc. but the food is so damn good! I went here last night for take out and everything went smoothly! No complaints and everyone there was having a good time! It's BYOB so you can go there to eat well and kick it! Again, the service has been hit or miss but the quality of the food is a sure shot! I am hopeful that Jordan will get his staff together and this place will be top notch!
First time here.
Pros: great service, byob, entrees were plentiful and good music.

Cons: mussels served in cheese sauce, shrimp were small in both dishes (fried platter and creamy curry sauce with rice and shrimp) limited beverages, all tvs on same channel.

No need to go back for a second visit.
I've been to this place a couple times and each and every time I was never disappointed with the food. It is always so so good. I wish I had heard about this spot yearss ago cause everything is so good. Their Caribbean fries are definitely a must try. I'm usually scared to try new foods & I'm not usually impressed by a lot of foods but anything I stepped out of my comfort zone and tried at this place has not left me hanging. I leave this place wanting to come back the next day. Yes...It is that good
Love love love the food especially the curry salmon. I will warn you that the place is a little disorganized and confusing. These is a bar in the middle, but no bartender and it's BYOB. Why have a bar then? Music is R&b throughout the night. Alot of birthdays on weekend. Though confusing to a new patron, stay and eat you will get over it really quickly.
@jordanjohnsonseafood  tried the fuck outta me !! Gone give me this lil piece of damn salmon Ans it took 45 mins to come out and 15 mins b4 someone even came to talk to us once we was seated .. and I'm mad cause i really loved this place but NEVER TF AGAIN !!!
Food was great. The portion size is AWESOME. however the atmosphere in the restaurant should be one star. The "bar" doesn't sell alcohol. Sometimes with your seafood you want a glass of wine or a cold beer. The seating arrangements and the tables are very awkward. I had the crab fried rice and snowcrabs. The atmosphere just gives the food a great injustice. Hopefully they remodel soon. Maybe then I'll return.
I'm only giving 3 stars because the food is absolutely amazing but as far as before I got my food I waited almost 30 mins before I could even place my order all the waitresses walked pass me and attended to the dine in guest kept telling me that someone would be with me shortly the customer service was better at their smaller location I am all for the upgrade but take out guest are just as valuable as dine in guest and should be treated as such.
This is my favorite seafood restaurant. The mussels are always succulent and scrumptious. I had the salmon in garlic butter sauce with spinach and broccoli(I'm working on my keto lifestyle). The sauce was out of this world. There are about 3 levels of flavor that hit you as you enjoy it: buttery, garlicky and savory. I also enjoyed the delectable sweet and tangy  Thai chicken wings. 
I recommend visiting early evening so that you can get to know your waitress- Kam was ours: she was amazing.
Saturday night out with girls for a birthday celebration and we decided to go to Jordan Johnson's Gourmet Seafood! We made a reservation for 10 at 9:00 pm and was seated shortly after we arrived on time. Our server Lydia was good. She tackled a party of 10 with no problem! All of our orders were correct, she checked in on us without us having to look for her and she was very pleasant during our entire dinning experience. Towards the end of the night the kitchen manager Alicia came to us to make sure we didn't have any concerns. We told her everything was good! Alicia said "That's good to hear, but how can I make this experience go from good to great?" A couple of ladies had a few request and Alicia was quick to satisfy all requests! So by the end of the night, the food was great, the staff was great and the atmosphere was great! It was an overall GREAT experience ! 
They also play GREAT music and was not bothered by our impromptu at the table group karaoke session!
My girlfriends and I went for dinner on Saturday night. I must admit my expectations fell when the hostess informed us that they were short staffed and that things may take a little longer from the kitchen. We decided to stay any way and give it a try. The wait staff and manager were very attentive and accommodating. Additional staffing came in to help out as well. Our food came out quicker than expected. The portions are large. I had the shrimp scampi with vegetable fried rice and sautéed spinach. It was good and the rest of my party liked theirs as well. We had the tilapia fried rice, salmon fried rice, shrimp Alfredo, and shrimp fried rice. At the completion of our meal, the chef/owner came out and spent time asking about our meals. He gave us a little background on the restaurant as well as what was coming soon. We were also given the opportunity to try his shrimp burger which was very tasty. My group really enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere and the music was excellent. We look forward to coming back and sharing this place with more friends and family.
Jordan Johnson's is one of my favorite black owned business in the neighborhood. The food is phenomenal and Maria, who normally take the over the phone orders, is really great. The quality and portion sizes for the to-go orders are worth every penny. When the world opens back up we will definitely be returning for dine in. The inside is nice as well.
Oh please! The food is not alllll that...to the point of being subjected to rude workers. DONT call because they are so ignorant they will leave you on hold and then pick it up and hang it up. When I say this poor behavior and ratchet customer service, this place will soon be out of business. Just ask the other three restaurants I said that about. They are out of service!!!! Waitresses will definitely ignore you and avoid eye contact. Sad, pathetic, excuse for a restaurant with this type of service. You can take that food and shove it.
Omg, I am such a foodie and I am an avid lover of great food. I asked my daughter to take me to a place with good seafood. Honey, I did not know she was bringing me to the most amazing food that I have tasted in a long time. I was just in Boston for a month and their seafood couldn't touch the food here. It was so good that I had to come back the next day to see if it was a one time thing.... Not at all!' Kudos to the chef!! Phenomenal job
I am being generous by giving Jordan Johnson's 1 star. I went there for a friends dinner last Saturday it was a group of about 12 of us. Despite the reviews I read on Yelp, I still decided to give Jordan Johnson's a try..very bad decision. The waitress we had was a young lady who either it was her first waitressing job or she just didn't care. She messed up several people's orders including mine. Then when we tried to correct her we were told " oh I didn't get that you ordered that" as if we lied about out orders. Appetizers took easily an hour to come out. Everyone got their appetizer except me I had to remind the waitress about 2 times that I ordered Honey Buffalo wings..I was brought Thai Chili wings. About 10 minutes after that I was finally brought the wings I ordered (not sure why the Honey Buffalo wings were black..)

On to the entrees which also took a long time. I was one of the last people to get my entree and again I had to remind the waitress that I ordered the salmon scampi. She seemed confused and she thought there were only 3 orders of salmon scampi. When I finally get my food..it definitely was not worth the wait. The salmon, mashed potatoes, and spinach were bland. It appeared to have a lot of seasoning on the plate yet it still tasted bland. Oh yea and I ordered broccoli but somehow ended up with spinach! Again we had to tell the waitress that I wanted a side of broccoli not spinach. I tried someone else from the party's broccoli and surprise, surprise it was terrible. About 15 minutes later they finally came with a side of broccoli..smh.

Overall, I would not recommend Jordan Johnson's to a friend, family member, or foe. I've had better seafood dishes at Red Lobster. It is definitely not worth the wait or the price. If you are thinking of eating at this restaurant..DON'T!
Food is outstanding a bit of a wait which brings me to this complaint. You cannot order over the phone, business doesn't open until 3 and they still have a problem with serving alcohol. As much as I try to support BLACK OWNED ESTABLISHMENTS I just can't. Too many damn rules. Maybe the inventory isn't big but cmon you can order your food over the phone at some of the most expensive restaurants in Philadelphia. Smh just too much. Two stars only because of the food food
The food here was bomb. I am a seafood fanatic and I wanted to try somewhere new. I was visiting Philly with my friend and one of my family members recommended that I try this place out. The place itself is nothing spectacular. There's barely any decor, the ambience is slightly a little dark for my taste and the table for 2 that I sat at could have been larger. 

We were seated quickly and there were about 3 other groups in the restaurant on a Saturday afternoon. The menus are bland. They don't show drinks or sides, just the main entrees. Our waitress was okay but when I asked her about what are the most popular dishes on the menu, I thought she was quite dismissive as her response was " I can't tell you that, everything is amazing". Not helpful at all.. 

I proceeded to order the Garlic Parmesan crabs with sides of fried rice (which was an additional $3 as opposed to white rice) and mashed potatoes. My friend purchased the 12 count fried shrimp with fries and we shared the curry crab fries as an appetizer. The appetizer was really good. I'm not a fan of curry but I wouldn't mind another plate of those fries. All though the fries were covered in sauce, they were still crispy which is definitely a plus. The crabs I had were amazing. I wanted to go back the next day. The sauce that they had it in was well seasoned and so creamy/buttery. Plating on all the dishes were beautiful. They did a great job with the aesthetics of the dishes. I don't know much about my friends dish but she really enjoyed it. 

The only negatives I have about the food is that my mashed potatoes came pretty cold. They were still yummy and I ate them with no problem but they definitely were not served hot. Also, with me having crabs and this being a seafood place, I expected that I would have been given tools to eat my crabs and a bib since it was super messy.
This food was delicious point blank period. I got the creamy curry shrimp. Stupid good. I'll be back.
I stopped here on the advice of a friend. It was def good advice!  I had the salmon fried rice, the serving was generous! Listen, if you plan on eating from here, plan your time accordingly, because the service is extremely slow. My order took about 45 mins, but it was def worth the wait.  
Today I tried their new location inside island Ave shoprite, decided to go with the shrimp Alfredo. It was divine!!! The chef is so personable, the wait time is much faster than the original location. Bottom line, you can't go wrong choosing Jordan JOHNSON !
I am new to Philadelphia. I applied for work through indeed. I came in for an interview. After waiting around for three and a half hours he said because of your patience you got the job. I started the following day. I offered to come in for training and they knew I had another job upon hiring me. I met the assistant. The entire night I could just tell she didn't want me there. I was the only white girl there. No customers no diversity whatsoever. I asked for help she snapped her neck at me and looked as if I was annoying her and said what do you mean so I did the bottle service as if I knew had no clue. Thankfully the ladies were understanding and not mad. Now I have years of bartender experience I am a very nice outgoing and try to be nice to everyone around me well fit for the position. . But the assistant was sooo rude to me acted like I was in her way I cleared tables all night and got tired of it. Instead of helping me set up a table that would have been the right thing to do she just started at me and watched me everyone was very busy. Customers waited long waits for food. I left ten before 9 she then told me my service was no longer needed. How does an assistant work two nights a week and come back from maternity leave after an 8 month gap and act like that towards anyone is beyond me. Sorry to the owners good luck staffing this place and don't apply if your white you won't last
Just finished the garlic parmesan mussels. Absolutely best mussels I've ever had. The garlic parmesan sauce is what made them so good. Definitely worth the price. Ordered delivery through DoorDash. Will order delivery again from here.
Overall not a bad experience, but improvements must be made in concern of the staff. I would like to suggest customer service and waitstaff etiquette training to your staff. 
We were seated right away... although the location of our seat to the proximity of the kitchen and staff area was extremely close. Please move that table.
The waitress was very friendly and pretty much on point. The young lady who removed items from the table asked one person if they were done and proceeded to clear the entire table. Even those who still had food on their plates... just because forks were down does not mean they were done. And after you pile another plate or discarded napkin on the plate there is nothing much to say or do. She also splashed sauce on one person in her attempt to clear all the plates at once! Please REMOVE ALL THE PLATES AWAY FROM THE TABLE THEN ATTEMPT TO COMBINE THE TRASH! Not to mention this same young lady saw that we needed more napkins, told us she would be right back with some and minutes later when I went to ask for them, was conversing with co-workers and looked at me as if I making an unusual request. 
The food was good although I would suggest some sort of vegetable in the creamy curry dishes... a couple pieces of broccoli or sautéed spinach would add a little more to the dish. I felt like I was eating just sauce and rice.
The food is good but the attitude and unprofessionalism leaves something to be desired!  The young lady named "Jazzy" -- I believe it was -- who claimed to be the manager -- told me my reservation was cancelled and slammed the phone in my ear. 
She got made because told me she was charging me $30 for bottle service fees for two tables.  I didn't ask for two tables.  I had a party of 6. She said the only way to accommodate the party of 6 was to put two tables together.  So that's a $15 bottle charge per table.  It's one party though.  I asked to speak to the owner and she told me that he wasn't there at first and then later in the convo she told me I wouldn't be speaking to the owner and hung up the phone on me.
She told me she was cancelling my reservation because I was being difficult.  It sounds to me like she was being difficult and unprofessional to me.  I can ask questions if I want.  That two table fee for one party didn't make sense.  Her rude attitude and whomever it was that answered my IG inbox were all unprofessional.  
By the way, she told me the owner wasn't there at first.  Then in the inbox, the person told me the owner was standing there listening to the conversation the whole time. If that's true, then the owner allowed her to be rude instead of intercepting the call to try and gain control and resolve the situation.  
The second time, I ate here, I had a minor problem also, but I let that go and was willing to come back a third time.  Forget it!!!!  I can take my money and my parties to other black-owned businesses with better attitudes.  
Doesn't matter how good the food is if the customer service is no good!!!!
This restaurant could've easily gotten 4 or 5 stars from me if the service wasn't so poor. We tried to call to make reservations, but we're denied. So we decided to walk-in anyway. We waited about 10 minutes for a fairly empty restaurant. There just seemed to be a lack of communication between servers. Multiple servers asking us the same thing over and over, but forgetting to bring it out. Our food came out separately almost 10 minutes apart. And we didn't get one of our appetizers until we were ready to leave  (given to to us complimentary for the wait)

The food....AMAZING!!!! we order the Thai chili wings and mussels for appetizers... did I say amazing??? I wished the wings came in larger order so we could've taken some to go! For the entree we had the curry salmon with white rice. Sooooo good. Not too thick and chalky, but just right with a bit of a kick. We also ordered the shrimp scampi with spinach..eh. it was just ok, but I'd probably try another curry dish instead.

Maybe it was just an off night for service,  but the food made up for it.
First timer here and I'm super impressed. Food was simply delicious! I got Shrimp Scampi and my fiancé got Salmon Alfredo. Mine came with two sides, I got corn on the cob, mash potatoes and Asian vegetable fried rice on the side. The rice was amazinggg! It was my absolute favorite. Everything was super flavorful, cooked to perfection and hot. Portion sizes and presentation was impressive. 

Our server, Mimi was super helpful and she was awesome! Staff was great. Everyone was attentive, quick and sooo nice. The place is a little dark for me but the lit tea lights make up for it. The menu could be a little more descriptive, sides & drinks of any kind aren't listed so just ask your server about it. Nonetheless, I'm excited to stop back again soon and try something different on their menu
I suggested to my best friend 2 weeks ago we should go get some seafood. He suggested we try Jordan and Johnson after he heard good reviews. When we walked in it didn't seem really fancy but the food was amazing and the portions are huge if you eat in. The only thing I will
Say kinda bothered me is the waitress kept coming and picking up my napkin. I would go to wipe my mouth or hands and had nothing to wipe with. I had to ask
Her for more napkins lol other than
That I was very pleased
My friends and I went Friday evening and really enjoyed the food. We had mussels, Thai chili wings, crab fried rice.. no complaints about the food. The staff was nice but a bit too much if that makes sense. I kid you not, they must have asked us 50 times if everything was ok and at 5 minute intervals! It started to feel like we were being rushed. I was already annoyed because I forgot that it was BYOB and really would have enjoyed my food with some wine.
Called and made a reservation over a week ago to take my daughter to dinner we were a party of 5. Our reservation was for 7:00, we were running a little late so I called and was told that it wasn't a problem. We arrived at 7:10 and was instructed to sit at the bar. We sat at the bar til approximately 8:20 and our waitress took our order about 8:30. The atmosphere is very loud because the music is so loud and people are talking over the music.  I inquired about 2 booths that were empty the entire time we were there and was told they had to be reserved ahead of time and they were for VIP. Food was OK and to sum it up I won't be returning.
The wait is ridiculous and ever time I have been to this restaurant for takeout my wait time has been nothing less than an hour. They use more rice on their plates than anything else which is terrible when your paying 25+ for a platter. I really try to patronize my black businesses but they fall right into the stereotype of black owned businesses. Every time I visit this restaurant they have a new host and she never knows what she is doing. Shaking my head.
We ordered our food when we got there. We had the curry salmon with vegetable fried rice, salmon fried rice, fried shrimp and fries and the curry fries. Everything was delicious and the service was exceptional. The only reason it didn't get five stars is I couldn't call my order in. Everything else was wonderful
The tilapia fried rice was amazing but I have never been disappointed. I love the new location and the atmosphere. Food is a bit pricey but the portion sizes are great and the food tastes even better. It wasn't really busy so my food took all of ten mins and the service was good as well
The mussels are very good and the other foods are good too but they use toooooo much curry. In everything they drown it and the food is very oily. So maybe if I go back I'll tell them to cut down on the curry . The Oxtails is ok too not the best. Overall go for the mussels.
Omg. All the info you need is the stars and me saying omg. I'ma picky person. I'm honest lol. I have something bad to say about almost everything. But my experience here was perfect. My mom is worst than me and enjoyed it all. Only thing is that it is BYOB and don't have a good selection of soda. But I didn't care cause I don't drink soda. A must go place.
The food was very impressive! The staff was extremely warm and took great care of us! I don't know which was better, the food or the staff! The owner personally stopped by our table which was a plus. Also, It's a byob which made the experience even better! If you're looking for AMAZING seafood dining this is the place to go! I will be back soon...
Went in with my friend for her sister's birthday. We were removed from "VIP" because our entire party was not there. Our reservation was from 5-8 and my group got there about 630. We were required to sit at the bar. There was about 15 of us. The place is not really pleasant to the eye. Very old decor and odd seating. The bar area didn't actually contain any liquor or beverages. Its BYOB but they have. 5$ wine fee for "ice and glasses" and 15 for liquor. That's not BYOB to me. All of the sodas were flat and the food took about an hour to come out. No exaggeration. That's just the beginning. The food was VERY OILY. Me and my friend both had alfredo, I had salmon and hers was plain. It was so oily that my leftovers were almost inedible due to me reheating it and my pasta literally swimming in oil. I drained it twice. The seasoning tastes like old bay and palmers. That's not gourmet, let's just keep it a buck.  Our waitress was very nice though. Her environment was very overwhelming but she remained calm and her make up was very cute. Shame I can't remember her name, but that's why this place gets 2 stars instead of 1.
Worst experience ever! We came here for my sisters birthday. I was running late because of work, they wouldn't seat my sister, her bf and my 4 yr old nephew until I came. Which was ridiculous because it wasn't busy. We brought an ice cream cake. We told them please put it in the freezer. When it was time for cake the cake was melted! We even asked the women to check and make sure it was in the freezer and she said she would but she didn't obviously. We had to ask multiple times for water and napkins. The food wasn't bad though. Back to the cake...after she cleared the food. She came back with three plates!!! There is four of us and there's been four the whole time. She then asked us if we needed silverware for the cake...i don't know why we wouldn't. She left and never came back. My sisters bf had to go and get a plate and our silverware. The check finally came after waiting 20 mins for her to pick up the check she never came back. We tried to give someone else the money and the women gave us attitude and told us that wasn't her job. So we gave the amount that was owed and left the money on the front desk. Also on the way home my sisters stomach was killing her we had to cut our night short because she became sick. Don't go here. Especially not for your birthday...Sorry sis.
I had only been here for takeout in the past but tonight my aunt and I were hungry & we 'd decided to sit and eat. We were greeted very nicely and professionally. Our waitress was very sweet and manner able as were all of the staff members. I make note of this because they were all pretty young and such pleasantries aren't always taught to today's youth. So I definitely applaud them! When we got our food, OMG! The spinach was delicious & the mashed potatoes, although a lil too salty for my taste, was still pretty good. MY CRAB LEGS tho......Phenomenal! Idk what the extra flavor was but it took them to a whole other level. I didn't want them to end. They were so flavorful, they even looked pretty. My aunt also ordered the Thai wings to go and they looked delectable. She said they were good too. I've had their seafood fried rice a few times and it was great. Now the ambience is very dark and I've never seen the restaurant with more than two tables of customers. So I did a lil FB survey asking what could possibly be the issue. The two main reasons I get was 1-they don't hv a liquor license & 2-it doesn't look like it's ever open. However it is a BYOB. So, FYI this place is definitely open and functioning & who doesn't like a good BYOB. I can't wait to go back! I wish they had an AYCE crab night, that would set this place allllll the way off!!!!!!
The food here is exceptional. A mixup with our reservation was quickly corrected in a professional manner.  Lets start with the appetizers tai wings and prince edward island mussels to die for.  My shrimp curry was excellent. So were the snow crab legs. Jordan is a gentleman. I will return with a large party.  Blown away by his fusion of tastes and sauces. Even sent us home with tai wings. 
Good food made to order takes time...
The food I got was incredibly delicious.  I got 2 appetizers and an entrée.  The total came to $47 which seems a little high, but the shrimp were large and it was good.  

The only reason I need to give 3 stars instead of 5 is because they don't do any take out.   I walked in at 4:30pm and requested a take-out menu. The hostess said they don't have one.  And they don't take any phone orders.  I had to go sit at the bar and place the order to go. I thought that was incredibly bizarre and weird giving there was only 1 other person eating at the restaurant at the time.  So I placed my order and came back in 30 minutes.

Luckily the food was delicious, I got the shrimp scampi appetizer, the sweet Thai chili shrimp and their signature shrimp curry with fried rice entrée ($5 upcharge for fried rice).

The sweet Thai chili shrimp was my favorite. It was the most balanced dish with both sweetness and spices. The second thing I loved was the shrimp curry.  Followed by the shrimp scampi. 

The real letdown here is this business not accepting phone orders for takeout. I talked to the sweet lady at the bar and she simply says they cannot handle that because it gets busy, and I mentioned many other businesses get busy that are a lot larger than this and have no problem taking phone orders and doing takeout and it's simply a matter of having the right staff.  (obviously something they are lacking and it seems they refuse to remedy, shame)

I also wish they would stop using these cheap styrofoam takeout containers.  Warning: If you get ANY curry shrimp, it will become a hot mess once you get home with it. With some curry coming out of the container or worse.   Luckily mine wasn't so bad.  Tip:  How about separating the shrimp curry from the fried rice? That way it doesn't come flying out of your cheap containers.

Other than the take out issues the food is really good.  But I don't think I can be bothered to walk into there, go to the bar, place my order then come back just to pick it up. That's too much of an inconvenience for me. Sorry.
Amazing. Customer service is awesome and i had the shrimp Alfredo. It was so delicious and such a great quantity.
The food was great but the customer service wasn't so good, waited a half hour just too order our drinks, we didn't get any napkins or forks we ordered a appetizer on the menu and apparently they didn't have it which is ironic because we came when the first opened up. But other then that it's a good place too eat
We just enjoyed a wonderful meal with the best server in Philly ! MiMi was the best!! Thank you for taking care of us! I'm here from Charlotte and when I return to town I will return to Jordon Johnson! The food was beyond excellent!
The food here was delicious, my favorite was the mussels, I also had the shrimp curry which was okay, too much favor for me. Service was great, said it will be 40 min wait because of short staff but we were ok with it and we only ended waiting for 20.
Came all the way from D.C. To try this spot.  Ordered the mussels and shrimp scampi.  If I could rate the mussels I would give it 4 stars.  The shrimp scampi was mediocre.  I decided to give this restaurant two stars bc the customer service was horrible.  Upon entering the restaurant I was not greeted.  I was provided with direction to sit on the "other side" until my table was available. Very confused because I didn't know what the "other side " meant and the restaurant was practically empty.  Our waitress was unfriendly and seemed bothered when asked for a recommendation.  I will not be returning here.  Disappointing because I was under the impression this was a blk owned business.  Was excited about supporting
First time here and I must say that both my husband and I were absolutely pleased with the food and service.  I had mussels for my appetizer and the alaskan crab legs with corn and potatoes for my entree. My husband had the thai wings and shrimp Alfredo. We left completely full and of course ready to go home and straight to sleep. Definitely will come again.
Went last night for my birthday. The staff was nice, but man the wait for food! It was a long wait (35-40 mins) for appetizer and our meal was right behind it 5 minutes later. 

However do yourself a favor: get the Garlic Parmesan Mussels. 
That dish alone is worth ordering from this place!  SO good! 

I strongly recommend ASKING what is in the dishes on the menu. I ordered the Salmon Fried Rice, but unfortunately I couldn't eat much of it. As soon as I ate some crushed red pepper that I wasn't informed was in this dish, it ended my meal for me. I took it home to someone who can eat spice like that because it was good. The staff was kind enough to offer to remake it for me but I couldn't eat anymore.
I am sorry, based on other reviews I must have gone into another restaurant.This is not really a restaurant. I was soo disappointed. It is a bar that serves food without a bar! Huge rectangular bar taking up most of the spot lined w empty seats. They have no liquor license! It's BYOB and they charge you $10! Never heard of that. To open wine, ok to charge a fee...but for me to drink my own beer, I don't think so. Very strange  place. At least 10 huge TV's 4 per wall and above the "bar" and the music was very,very loud. Like a club. Maybe they want to be a sports bring your own beer bar? Food was ok. Got 2 appetizers, honey shrimp and mussels. Mussels were good but could have been hotter.The shrimp was fine but served with a blue cheese sauce? Ranch? I wasn't sure but it didn't go w honey flavor of the shrimp. Appetizers were fine,atmosphere weird not what I expected. No atmosphere. Pricey too. Couldn't wait to leave. Did not order dinner. Will never go back.
Overcooked shrimp and mussels. What they call curry was unrecognizable by ANY standard - underseasoned and watery. Dry rice - it tasted stale.  Indifferent staff could not be bothered with any questions.  Never going back
I ordered delivery from this place and by reading all the reviews, I was really excited. The food is EXTREMELY salty and the spices are overtaking the flavor of the chicken. I've never had a curry that bad! I'm not sure how this is considered to be "gourmet"
