Unless you know the bartender, or have a crush on a server, Jose Pistolas isn't the bar/restaurant you "love." If anything, it's that out-of-place bar in Center City that thrives on catering to friends of staff...a bar that I feel is better suited for Passyunk Ave.

I have no idea what kind of people come to this spot, since it's been close to empty both times I've been, but I do know they have a solid beer list and a great chicken burrito...one that's much better than anything Cantina can offer.  

It's almost like Good Dog gone Mexican. Don't go here for the "scene," just go here with your friends when you're all caught in Center City and too lazy to venture anywhere else. As for the chicken burrito, hold the jalepenos and ask for a side of sour cream.

Oh and my friends and I made a little mouse friend. We named him Fievel and then got a little grossed out.
It was a random twist of fate that brought me back to Jose Pistola's doorstep once again.  The original plan was to meet up with some fellow yelpers at The Good Dog for libations.  When I arrived at the GD however, the second and third floors were reserved for a private party and the main bar was packed.  I quickly decided that Jose Pistola's had the makings for a really solid Plan B.  Despite not loving the place the first time I was there, I knew they had a very solid beer selection and ample space for my crew.  

When I walked through the doors and heard G-Love's voice oozing "my baby's got sauce," I knew it was going to be a good night.  I took my saucy self to the upstairs bar and set up shop.  Buddy the bartender was my instant amigo.  First of all, the man was setting a timer for the upcoming Flyers game and he was wearing an Eagles' shirt.  I knew this was someone I could trust with the big decisions in life, and I put my beer drinking fate in his hands.  Throughout the evening, Buddy introduced me to Triple Karmeliet, Buffalo Bill's Pumpkin Ale, Bells Two Hearted Ale and best of all, Blanche de Bruxelles.  He also gave our little group a heads-up on the good eats.  I went for the chicken quesadilla with a side of guac and it was seriously awesome.  Have I mentioned that I'm not only a member of the clean plate club, I'm also the president?  

A great night was had and I am now a big fan of Jose Pistola's.  Yay for second chances!
Nice low key spot with something for everyone.
Great beer list. Great Margaritas. Friendly and accommodating service. Good food.
We will definitely be back.
Check it. I spent some quality time last week getting reacquainted with Jose Pistola's; two nights in a row, to be exact.  The first was a low-key evening that was spent watching hockey and getting to know my date over drinks and eats.  The beers were cold, the tunes were solid and the Flyers managed to not completely suck.  I drank Allagash White and had my first N'ice Chouffe of the season, although I quickly switched back to Allagash when I considered the ramifications of continuing on with the N'ice.  For dinner, I went with the carnitas al pastor burrito.  I first tried this a couple years ago and wasn't crazy about the taste, but I was in the mood for a retry so I ordered it with a side of guac.  It was delish!  The pork was tender, the cheese wasn't overbearing and there was just the right amount of pineapple and jalapenos to keep things interesting.  The guac was a great compliment and helped to cool it all down a bit.  

Casey kept the brews flowing and was very sweet about keeping the hockey game on, despite the Thursday night football game in which some of his FF picks were playing.  He also serenaded us to just about every song that came on, which was hilarious.  I informed him that I would be back the following night, along with a rather large crew of rowdy people, and would it be okay if I brought cupcakes?  He thought for a moment and gave me his consent.  Yay!

Night two was the antithesis of night one.  Gone were the social filters of the previous evening.  This outing was all about celebrating the birthdays of some fine people in a big way.  I arrived with two of the birthday girls and placed the cupcakes on the bar for the taking.  While the latter part of the night remains spotty, memories have been resurrected through some highly incriminating photos. I can confirm that there was lots of drinking, singing, dancing, wearing of "happy fucking birthday" hats and a whole host of other activities.  Such debauchery might be considered annoying in most places, but Casey allowed us to carry on in a juvenile manner while becoming a willing participant himself!

I gladly bump my Pistola's rating to five stars and will surely make this bar one of my regular haunts!
Woohoo Flyers!!  We went here to watch them win against the Canadiens to advance to the Stanley Cup!  I had the Heifer in Wheat it's a delicious beer.  I had a bad experience with Casey, so I was glad to see a different bartender who turned out to be very professional, he was definitely very good at what he does.  We ordered food:cheese fries, pulled pork sandwich (spicier than I expected, but I was pleasantly surprised) with chips and guacamole, and the steak tacos.  Food was great, drinks were great, no long lines, or funny business.  All around a great place to watch the game, just as Blake promised.
Jose Pistolas[1] offers an original selection of beer (plus the usual spate of hard liquor) and Tex-Mex bites. Can't speak to their food, but their drink can keep a group busy for an evening.

Friends and I hung around the bar all evening, chatting and causing low-level mayhem. Enjoyed myself - thanks to bartender Casey for introducing a few ciders to me - even though it got cramped after awhile[2]. Luckily, there's more space throughout the restaurant and enough seating for groups of varying sizes.

Bathrooms are up on the third floor, which is an adventure to get to; it's a miracle we left safely.

[1] I still can't properly say the name of this place.
[2] Don't want to imagine this place during happy hour.
:: the birthday kid, part I ::

a group of yelpers descended upon pistola's in mid december with a reason to celebrate: birthdays! being born amidst the holiday frenzy, poor valissa W, yuri R & myself thought we'd show santa who's boss and chose this chill center city spot to flaunt our black-hole birthday pride. 

bartender casey is the best around* (nothin's gonna ever bring him down!) seriously - he owns the title of philadelphia mag's best bartender and will proudly show you his plaque (kept modestly below the bar). while friends and i perused the menu, casey informed us of our various options in song, belting out the list of tacos, burritos & more to whatever tune happened to be playing on the jukebox. skillz! he also didn't skip a beat when it came to refreshing my glass of alagash white, even as i played musical chairs around the bar.

as for food, we decided to share a platter of guac-topped nachos. good call on sharing as this was no plate - it was a boat! we each tackled the mass of cheese, bean, tomato, jalepeno & guac doused tortillas from a different end yet never met in the center. thankfully, this dish had the quality to match the quantity. yum.

i didn't wax the floor. or sweep the leg. no one got put in a body bag (or so i hope!) all in all, i had a birthday celebration of champions. take that, santa!

* this one's for casey: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Qae_TUTeGo
"god bless second chances!" 

my first pistola's experience was shortly after they opened their doors about 2 years ago. the bf & i were excited, tho perplexed about the combo of belgian beers and tex mex food, 2 of our greatest food loves. the beers were great, tho the menu was small and the food itself left a lot to be desired - my burrito (the only veg option) was the same price as one with meat and had more rice inside than all other filings combined, his fish tacos were just eh. with tons more options in the area we both pretty much wrote this place off, regardless of its proximity to his apt.

as time wore on, he ended up venturing in for a drink now & again...and eventually gave the food another shot. when he proclaimed that the pistola's burger edged out the good dog burger for his top 5 in the city, i was shocked, and decided it was high time i check out their revamped menu as well.

the burrito was tempting (esp to be able to conduct an apples to apples comparison) but instead i opted for the veggie burger which, unlike the burrito, came with a choice of side (chips & guac, small house salad or fries). the burger was delicious, enormous and topped with a perfectly spicy sauce - yum! and the side salad....oh my....this combo of greens, tomato, corn, red onions, cojito cheese in a chili-jalepeno dressing was anything but "small" and it was SO GOOD! i would go back just for the salad, tho i do intend to give the ol burrito another go next time.

while dining, we were both able to watch the phils game on their 2 large flatscreens upstairs without having to sit side by side at the bar (always a plus) AND we took advantage of the beer specials they offer while the game is on: $3 bottle (that nite it was the ithaca apricot wheat) and $2 cans (that nite it was anything from sly fox). it wasn't all too crowded when we were there, and tho our waitress was friendly and attentive, the food took a surprisingly long time to come out....fyi if you don't have the time for a leisurely meal.
Can we all agree nachos overall are amazing! But these nachos are in their own category! Kathleen D. and i decided to share some nachos with pulled pork and guac yum! We were pretty early on the bar crawl but I was ready to nibble on something. While the nachos don't appear large in size, they were super filling even when shared. We sat at the bar on the first floor. The bartender was attentive and friendly enough. I absolutely need to make it back for a meal! I also NEED to try their margaritas! The only negative is the restrooms are on the 3rd? floor up a flight of stairs! So plan accordingly.
Their menu is snarky. Mostly hilarious. Apparently, the ONE vegan option comes from a place called "weirdoland." Yay for a vegan protein option, but would it kill you to provide a vegan cheese option or a vegan sour cream option?! And then I got to their description of their wings (see photo I uploaded)--that crosses a line, jerks, so feel free to call me a humorless vegan. I & my friends know I have a great sense of humor, & honestly, Jose Pistola's, I don't give a crap what you think of me.

I'd never eat here, but I'd come for beers & live music again, & I liked my cute waiter...now HIS snarkiness was endearing.
This archetypal city bar, ideally located in the heart of all things cultural in Center City (mercifully replacing its redundantly conceived and patently awful ancient predecessor Copa Two), is so rightfully well-regarded, that's it's become chief among the regular haunts of many an Elite Yelper and Philadelphia in-crowdster alike. A connoisseur's draft selection, arguably the juiciest burger west of Broad, and of course, boasting the most personality-gifted barkeep in Philly, Jose's is all the things a friendly good-time bar should be, and none it shouldn't.

I've been lucky to have been welcomed here for a couple of informal group occasions, during which our saintly tolerant host had almost nothing but encouragement for the inevitably ludicrous progression of our evening. Great crowds at both upstairs and downstairs drink counters, and intimate yet social seating, ensure you'll rub elbows with the city's best out-goers. An amazingly tasty soundtrack of meticulously chosen music favorites and surprises entertainingly fill the rare lull in buzzing conversation. And the true king of beers, the mind-blowingly tasty Bell's Two Hearted, sits atop its regal place on the tap rack, beckoning its loyal subjects to a private audience. For that feel-good glow and good-times smile you start craving on a lonely evening home watching Cheers or Cocktail, strap on your going-out suit and jet to Pistolas with your pals - you will be well received.
There's really no wonder why Casey was voted the best bartender in Philadelphia-- he pours a great drink, is super attentive, has the quickest wit around, and can belt out a power ballad like it's nobody's business when the mood strikes-- which is particularly stunning when he lets those gorgeous locks flow freely.

Jose Pistolas has a great beer selection, solid food, and an all around easy going vibe.  

I can't wait for my next visit.
Ok, so maybe it's just me...but Jose P.'s seems to be experiencing a major identity crisis. Seriously, what is up with this place? The menu is mostly Mexican, but the beers are Belgian...the upstairs is filled with sportos and flat-screens, but the prices are gastro-pub-esque...I've only been to Jose P's twice, but both times, I've left feeling very confused.

The food is not bad -- a little on the pricey side perhaps, especially considering other cheaper and more delicious Mexican joints (Pico de Gallo!) nearby. There's a fine beer selection, as others have noted, but who wants to eat a burrito with a framboise?  Certainly not me.

Also, the bathrooms...eek. I've had nightmares about Hell and this is what it looks like: a dark, dusty staircase in an abandoned fire tower, up ..1...2...3 flights, down an even dingier hallway, in a tiny room. I restrict my drinking at Jose P's just so I don't have to experience this monstrosity.
Besides the not so spectacular beer menu - the food is horrible. I went here with a friend of mine after hearing some hype about this place. Service for drinks and food was slow and served with attitude - PLUS when I did get my beer, the glass my beer was served in has lipstick all over it! YIKES! Hello?? is anyone at the bar paying attention?
Needless to say, that was my first and last trip back there. And if you are looking for Belgian beers, there are MUCH better places in that neighborhood and around the city!
The margaritas are 15 for a pitcher ( just make sure your reciept reflects this price!) The nachos are really tasty.Stop. Do not pass go. Do not collect 200 dollars. Do not order anything else. Nachos and Margaritas. If you are still hungry order another plate of nachos. I repeat do not order anything else.

Our carnitas tacos had chunks of pork. Who the hell serves pork tacos like that? Hello! You shred it, and serve like pulled pork. They really can't seem to make tacos. Friends got the tuna tacos once and they were decent, but in true philly fashion they yanked them off the menu( still bitter over the fish and chips at pub and kitchen)

I remember when this place was copcabana and they had awesome margaritas and those amazing fries!
I admit I was pretty hard on Pistolas, but the service and food were horrible.

I went to the UYE cupcake/December/Jan birthday extravaganza right before Christmas. They had a really tasty Francoise Lambic that I wish I could have gotten more, except the cask ran out. Grr. The other beers were also very good, albeit expensive. The nachos I got were pretty dang tasty, with tons of chorizo and toppings on it. I think just about everyone who shared the order with me loved them. The burger I had was kinda a hockey puck though and it had a slightly off taste to it.

Casey our bartender was hilarious, entertaining, and quick with the tap. After he sang, I realized that he is infact the long lost 3rd member of Tenacious D. Seriously. 

The jukebox provided good tunes. The people I was with provided good times. It was nice to see old friends and meet new ones, including the truly lovely Valissa.

4 stars for beer and nachos

2 stars for food.
I've been a fan of Jose Pistola's almost as long as I've been in Philly. I love going there for their massive plates of steak nachos (did I say plates? I should say troughs). They have a wonderful beer selection and the bar tenders can make a mean cocktail. It gets pretty crowded from happy hour straight on into the night most evenings, so best to get their early and scope out a spot. 

I've found the service to be alright - not the best, but reliably decent. That goes for servers; the bartenders all seem to be pretty darn awesome. I've enjoyed most food I've gotten there, though I remember getting some chicken tacos on one particular trip that were satisfactory but not 5-star worthy. Definitely go for the nachos and the beer. Definitely.

No really. Definitely.
If you subscribe to the theory that the company you're with makes the evening, than this bar is a solid option for you and a few friends. It's the kind of bar you settle for, if you're going out in Center City but don't want all the fanfare of a typical Rittenhouse bar. It's easy to relax here and they do sport a great beer selection...but I don't know that I could ever fall in love with the place. 

Sure, the music is pretty good, and the bartender is quite the entertainer. But, the place is priced for people that don't know better - La Fin Du Monde at $8? A lager (that's a Yuengling to you Non-Philly residents) for $4.50? Seriously? You can go next door and get that same beer for $2.30...granted that's a smoke-filled dive, but still!

Philly is blessed with a ton of great bars, many sporting amazing beer selections. Sure this is a fun place... There's just a bunch of jaw-dropping spots with beer lists that rival this joint. It will be tough for Pistolas to compete - unless you and your friends are determined to hang in Center City.
This place isn't even first level wheelchair accessible. I hear nothing but great things about the food and would love to add it to my list of places to frequent. I live nextdoor to this place and have realized that it is one of the only places on S 15th that isn't wheelchair accessible. There used to be a breezeway that protrudes in the sidwalk. That was knocked down last week, freeing up the sidewalk, yet they didn't ramp the entrance even though there is room. In a neighborhood full of accessible entrances it is a shame that even after time spent on exterior changes, they remain inaccessible.
I went here for brunch on Sunday.  I sat down and ordered a cup of coffee.  The waiter informed me that they do not serve coffee.  I thought he was joking, but he informed me that he was not.  I left.
It's safe to say that I'm a big fan of Jose Pistola's.

My visits increased in frequency after several trips during Philly Beer Week (aw!) last year. Their events were beyond amazing and, through them, I was introduced to their nachos.

I've yet to find a competitor for the top nachos in Philly. These are ridiculously good. I always get them without the jalapenos because I generally can't do spicy things, but I do add the spicy pork...so I don't know there.

Their tacos are also awesome and I love their beer list. There's always an exciting brew to be discovered here. Usually I'll sit downstairs at the bar, but they do have other dining areas. Plus it's a nice stomach settler to climb the three stairs to their restrooms. Talk about privacy.

Obviously I will be back at some point and likely soon, but I especially can't wait to see what they have in store for PBW this year!
I'm the "friend" that accompanied fellow Yelp reviewer Dallas to this particular establishment and can back up her claims in spades. In fact, the food was so terrible that we had to go to another restaurant right after we were done with our measly-ass portions. And I ain't even a big eater, either. You want Belgian beer? Go to Monk's or countless other bars that are eons beyond this joint. You want Mexican food? Go to El Azteca, or even El Vez if you're looking for the hip factor. It might be a Stephen Starr restaurant, but at least you'll get better service and better food in standard portions.
RIP BEST NACHOS IN THE WORLD.

Did you ever love Jose's? Enjoy the chilled atmosphere and amazing food? Then STAY AWAY! Just returned after they changed up management/chef. Here is a brief list of things that ruined this favorite spot.


1)               THEY CHANGED THE NACHOS                       

........... and give you SMALLER plates that cost MORE MONEY. And by changed I mean the only thing still the same are the chips! NO MORE PICKLED ONIONS, refried beans instead of black beans, LESS salsa, Gross cheese instead of the delicious feta it used to be (feta still barely sprinkled on it, but it's doused in generic white cheese). No more half or full size orders, they are just half size orders. Instead of being $7, its now $9, and any meat add on is $4 instead of $2 to $3.5. I CANNOT EXPRESS MY SADNESS AT LOSING THESE NACHOS. they were the best nachos in the world and now they are just overpriced bleh.

2) NO MORE TASTY VEGETARIAN OPTIONS! Jalepeno popper empanadas are a thing of the past! spicy vegan burrito? not spicy anymore, just a meh blend of soy chorizo with various grains. Best black bean burger at a restaurant, NOW GONE. what they do have a portobello anything because that is all vegetarians want to eat right?

3) Atmosphere changed to bro-house rude yelling people. Came in and even though the night was pretty slow, the upstairs was super loud. There was some kind of retro SEGA game night going on that took up the whole bar section and 6 seats in the seating area. Despite the fact that no one was playing the SEGA at the table,  i saw them TURN AWAY CUSTOMERS BECAUSE A SEGA WAS SITTING AT THIS TABLE FOR 6. WHAT HAPPENED?!!!!!!! Jose's used to be so amicable and nice, now its some bro-club you can't sit in to eat? WTF? annnnddd our waitress left for such long periods of time we actually had to go hunt her down to order and get out of there, because the other staff was distracted by fucking video games. 

4) Menu is now UBER EXPENSIVE! Guacamole OR salsa for $11-$14???!!! No wayy......  No cheap alternatives if you just want to chill with pals and snack. You will spend at least $12 if you want to eat anything with meat in it, $10 if you are an exclusively portobello eating vegetarian. Used to be able to split a meal between friends and save some $$$ but now the food is tiny, exotic named mediocre dishes.

THIS WAS MY FAVORITE TEX MEX............I AM NEVER RETURNING.

The new chef ruined all the charm and flavor in the menu, substituting it for over-priced fancy named generic items. 

Never thought this day would come when I am so disappointed in Jose's I am actually writing this bitter review of one of my all time favorite places. If you ever loved it, just abandon it. Remember the good times, don't go back. You'll just get your heart broken. 


I hearby strip you of the title of Best Nachos, adios old friend.
My family and I met up with friends on a recent visit to Philadelphia, and they suggested Jose Pistola's. I expected a sports bar meets Chili's-type establishment, and was met with quite the surprise. Our server had a great sense of humor, and she was quick to seek answers when she didn't know how about something on the menu. The menu. That thing is a hoot. Great material if your dining companion has gone to take a phone call or you're looking for a distraction during a heated discussion. 

The beer list is EXTENSIVE. There are so many cool options to choose from different parts of the country, as well as totally distant places in the world. If you've got some cash to burn, check out the Russian drafts. 

Food includes many bar mainstays (nachos, burgers, tacos, etc) prepared with a fusion flair. The short rib nachos were decadent and easily shared by our group, and I split the Korean rib tacos with my husband. Note: you can't mix and match individual tacos, so you might want to bring a buddy who likes to swap. If you're at Jose Pistola's on a Sunday, check out their game day specials, as you can try something new (steamed carnitas bun!) for the low price of 3 bucks.

Service was a little slow, but that might have been because we were there on a Sunday during an Eagles game. The restroom is on the 3rd floor, so keep convenience in mind if anyone in your party has mobility issues. 

Jose Pistola's has a fun, jovial atmosphere, and the prices are totally decent. Special events--writer's night, ragtime jam--happen throughout the month, so it's no wonder this place is a favorite for locals.
I hesitate to even give this place 1 star. Was greeted by an aggressive server on the stairs who proceeded to get mad at us for sitting at a table.  She continued to be a huge bitch throughout the entire experience, grabbing all of our silverware almost immediately so we couldn't stay to eat, explaining to us that she thought we may steal the silverware. 

This same awful server didn't ever ask us for refills and We sat for quite some time waiting for her to come back. When we were finally about to pay and leave, this waste of a human yelled at us and said "thanks for taking up a table and only getting one round of drinks."  EXCUSE ME?? Do you recognize you work in customer service??

I've never had a more offensive dining experience in my life. It should be noted they also over served someone to the point that they couldn't walk unattended.
I have to give Jose Pistola's the credit it's due after a befuddled friend of mine didn't know how they were able to get the sought after Pliny the Elder on tap. Here's the scoop:

Yes, it might be on oddly laid out mexican joint/sports bar sharing the street with establishments like McGlinchey's, Fox and Hound and Applebee's but don't hold that against them. No, they're not the hot date spot to take your fancy new lady but they are one hell of a place to celebrate a Phillies post season win. It's the place you go to meet for happy hour, to watch a sports game or to hang out with friends and order some good food and relax.

The nachos, as previously reviewed, are out of this world. The half portion proved to be enough for two people as a full on meal. All of the food here is very good, and not in the way people call Mexican food good. It's actually full of flavor, not just a catalyst for sour cream, cheese and beans. The guac is fresh and delicious, the meats are perfectly seasoned. They have daily specials so take note when you stop in.

Last let's talk beer. Jose Pistola's hasn't been getting the clout on the beer scene that Hawthorne's or even Misconduct do. Their rotating draft list is world class, this being proven by their tapping a Pliny recently. The bottle selection is extensive but unpretentious. In a city full of beer snobs this place can pull their weight.
Decent food and drinks -- Very rude Server

I have been to Jose Pistolas but not in a few years. On the 2 or 3 occasions that I went in the past, the experience was positive.

I went recently with a group and had an incredibly rude server that marred the experience. We didn't have an exact number of people, but given that it was late (after 9:30) when we arrived, and there were plenty of open tables, she should have worked with us.

Instead we were greeted by her terrible attitude that continued all night. At one point she did apologize for not handling the seating situation well, but then when she found that only a few people wanted to order dinner she became immediately belligerent. Given the number of bars in the vicinity, you would think that they would want our business.
I am a sucker for any place with a great beer list. I don't know if you could be disappointed, it is pretty diverse...  and awesome. I have had some good dishes here as well. The Bells BBQ wings were pretty tasty and large. Chicken tortilla soup is huge and was fresh and bountiful-not just broth. Definitely will be coming here more often.
A cool spot with some awesome gaucamole, great margaritas and funky waitress wearing some Nightmare before Xmas digs (sally dress). A quick stop on our Philly food coma adventure and proved to be one of the best! I felt like being adventurous, probably because it was after a few shots and some wine, and ordered the gaucamole and chips with goat cheese and pistachios. Holy crack batman, best sh** I've tasted in a while!! I actually devoured almost half of it as my friend trekked up 3 flights of stairs to use the john. And in so saved her half of it and had to watch her eat her portion of it wanting to Indulge even more, basically drooling over it lol, but stopping myself so she could enjoy it too. Anywho, I had considered a pitcher of margeritas, wish I did but man I would have been blasted if I did bc the one was very strong, but in a good way! It was super yummy. My friend loved the food and we plan to visit again next time we are in Philly.
The nachos are otherworldly.
The beer selection is plentiful. 
The staff is friendly. 

The bathroom is inconveniently located on the third floor. 

That's really all you need to know.
'...you shot the invisible horseman..' 

The first thing you need to know is that Pistolas is quite a bit better than you'd think it would be. I was expecting tacos of unbeknownst quality. How surprised I was to see crudo on the menu. Anxiously (and perhaps foolishly) I ordered it, excited to have my taste buds awoken.  Although I forget the name of the fish, I do remember the bold citrus flavour being balanced with heat, and the delicate nature of the fish, brilliantly. The price point was more than accessible. 

The beer list is 'fine'. There is nothing which makes me either cringe, or entices me to return. 

Pistolas also does live music.  Thank you. It is so vital that businesses support the community in which they serve. Lest you think having live music is specious from a cost benefit perspective; I stayed, had plenty of pints, and a round dos of crudo Because there was music. Obviously I'm just one man, but I'm stating flatly that Pistolas lightened my checkbook expressly because of their commitment to live music.  

Parking can be a pain in the rear, and shots are expensive.  That is a short 'cons' list though.  Have a go at pistolas when you are in the neighborhood, and are looking for a pleasant surprise.
Belgian beers and Mexican food just don't meld very well here.

I hated the cramped seating area in the back of the first floor. Weirdly, to get to the bathroom, you need to go out the "Exit" door in back, and then up three flights of stairs.

Jose Pistolas is just a little bizarro, and not in a particularly good way.
Your Mexican theme
Is misplaced to the extreme
Only one Mex beer?

- The address on Yelp is not correct!!!! I'll try to change it, but for now know it is just past Locust on 15th, across from Buco di Bippo or whatever it's called!

With a name like Jose Pistolas, a menu 90% Mexican, and as wide a variety of beers in the first place you'd think they'd offer a few of the better Mexican beers...you'd be wrong. They offer one, Pacifico. When I say a few of the better Pacifico would definitely be on that list, but there would be 3 or 4 more. Instead they do have a vast selection of really good beers from around the world. Bells two hearted ale on tap! Blanche, Saison Dupont, the list goes on and on. They didn't have many tequilas, but what they did have were fine with me. My world favorite, El Corralejo, was present in Anjeo and Reposado :)

My burrito was fine. I don't feel like I've found the burrito mecca of Philly, but it wasn't the worse I've had here either. 

The place was crowded, but not overly packed. As our party grew we were all able to fit comfortably around the upstairs bar. Our Bartender was very cool and engaging...until he found out I am a Cowboys fan ;) 

One star for the food not sucking. One for the friendly service. One for...I don't know, good times I guess. 

Oh, also know the bathrooms are through the exit and a few stories up, and as one of our party said, " a great placed to get raped"! I didn't find this to be true at all ;)
After a long day at work I just wanted a good beer and some decent food. Unfortunately I went to Jose Pistolas. 

I ordered the burrito platter, which came with rice and beans and a small side salad. I also got a La Fin Du Monde, which is an excellent Belgian style beer made in Canada. The beer was good. Sadly it was the high point of the night, aside from the smiles from the downstairs waitress and the beautiful ponytailed waitress from Montana(I hope your grandma gets better)

The rice and beans were not fully cooked. I hate crunchy rice bits and I had several. The beans were not fully cooked as well. Note to chef, soak the beans before you cook them. The salad wasn't bad, but it wasn't notable either. The burrito had nice chunks of pineapple and some nice cheese, but the meat was pretty flavorless and somehow they managed to get a lot more tortilla wrapped up in the burrito than filling. Also I didn't taste any jalapenos in it. The side verdes sauce was pretty bland and definitely not fresh. My guess is they made it up ahead of time from canned tomatillos and left it in the frig.

Compounding my annoyance at the lackluster food, I ran out of beer. I sat around waiting for the waiter. Then I had to find the bathroom. As previously mentioned the bathroom is upstairs. What they didn't mention is that there are no signs directing you to the bathroom. So I hunted around like a jackass for bathrooms. Finally I gave up and asked the bartender. I then hiked up the back entrance into the bathroom. Problem solved. 

Finally I got back to my table. No waiter. I sat around for another 3 minutes of the Lakers-Nuggets game, still no waiter. Finally I got up and took the bull by the horn. I ordered a Troegs from the bartender. He actually was very nice and apologized for the lack of service and comped me the beer. I went back to my table and started sipping some Troegs. It was then that I saw something dart around out of the corner of my eye. I looked over and saw a mouse skittering across the floor. I thought for sure my tired eyes were deceiving me. Sure enough though, about 2 minutes later I clearly saw it scamper across the floor again. I told the bartender, and he apologized, but that was about it. The waiter said something lame about sharing a wall with other establishments(ie. McGlincheys).

At this point, I just wanted my check. Unfortunately I had to wait for the waiter. Usually, the waiter is supposed to wait on you. How annoying. The waiter did apologize when he rang me up. I can't tell whether the lack of service was due to inadequate staffing or he cared more about the big table on the main floor. The cynic in me thinks the latter. 

No mas Pistolas. Or should I say, no mouse Pistolas.
Tasty food and a great beer selection.

I've been here a few times and most recently was to meet some friends and watch a flyers playoff game.  It was good Friday so fish tacos were on the menu.  I went with the mahi tacos and they were pretty great.  I prefer my fish broiled, grilled or sauteed when inside a taco and that's how these were served.  Corn tortillas, a squeeze of lime and I'm a happy man.  Jose Pistola's delivered.

Awesome beer list and the only thing they were out of was the Smooth Hoperator.  I had the Bell's Pale Ale and the Yards Love Stout instead.

The place was packed and the service was very good.  They even let us move the table when more people showed up to our party.  Most places aren't that accommodating.

I'll be back here.
Updating my review from 6 months ago..  I should have given Jose's 5 starts a LONG time ago!  I come here often, its so close to my house and I always love it.  I'm finally updating to 5 stars because I had such a great time tonight!  My roomie who usually attends with me could not make it, so I ventured to Jose's alone tonight. It was Philly Beer Week, and Jose's had a sour tap takeover, which I'm in love with sour beers so obviously could not miss it.  I sat at the bar upstairs, Jose the bartender, (coincidence?) was the best.  So sweet, very knowledgeable about all the beers, and let me sample a few I was unsure about.  He was the best!  The bar was packed and crowded, but he always made sure my beer was full!

I ordered the portobello mushroom tacos, which were amazing.  I've had their burritos and nachos before, which I die for, but this was my first taco experience.  Just as great!  Make sure to get their guacamole, its bangin!  

Everyone needs to experience Jose Pistolas in their life.  The food is killer (especially those nachos!), the bartenders are so friendly and knowledgeable, and everyone is so nice and makes you feel like home.  Last and most importantly, the beer selection is always TOP NOTCH for beer nerds like me.  One of my FAVE neighborhood bars, by far!
I'm looking at Jose Pistolas like this - There is NO dive bar in Philly (or anywhere?) that is known for it's food. So the fact that Jose Pistolas is the closest thing to a dive bar that manages to dish out some pretty decent food makes it a winner to me. The food definitely isn't traditional Mexican. but it is pretty edible. And with a well rounded drink selection, awesome bartenders, and an addicting mix of music, it can be a perfect spot to just enjoys some drinks and conversation on any given night. 

The Ahi Tuna Taco's I had had tuna that was pretty close to sushi level, and that almost freaked me out. But in the spirit of giving things a try I actually found myself enjoying them and their spiciness. Their not the only taco's that may give off the same affect considering that the fish in the fish tacos are battered. And their are definitely another fair share of ingredient choices that could turn off a true traditionalist. But Pistolas is good for thinking differently.

Casey the bartender was definitely one of the coolest bartender's I've ever dealt with in Philly, And I would go just to get another beer from him on any occasion. He's a fun ball of energy that has his fair share of good beer suggestions, and an interesting taste in music. Watching him dance and sing along to the Snakes On A Plane theme song was a true riot. I didn't have much interaction with the other people working there, but they definitely seemed pretty chill. The beer selection is pretty stellar in own right. everything from PBR and lager, to plenty of choices that steered clear from the norm.

The only reason, other than the lack of traditional Mexican food, that I'm not giving Jose Pistola's five stars is definitely the bog situation. By the time you reach the bathroom on the third floor you may very well feel like a mountain climber staring into a horror movie corridor. But over all it's just an issue of the building.
If you are looking for margs and nachos, Jose is your man. The nachos with chorizo are AH-MAY-ZING. I highly recommend trying them. 

Happy hour is definitely the best time to capitalize on Jose's margaritas. At $15 a pitcher, you can afford to have two or three pitchers with some friends. Albeit, not very strong, but you can't really complain at $15.
This review is only based on getting drinks here.

the good - They have a very nice beer selection and casual ambience.

the bad - my first two beer requests were turned down, as they were out of stock.  This is unacceptable.  If you are out of something, make it extremely clear on the drink menu.  After I've agonized over several appealing drink choices, it is very bothersome to be told that the one I've finally settled on cannot be provided...twice.

I trust the reviews here enough to give it another shot, but I've got to say that my time here was definitely "meh. I've experienced better."
I went to Jose Pistolas last night as one stop on a friend's birthday celebration and was pretty disappointed.

The atmosphere leaves a little to be desired. I found the decor to be pretty plain, and lighting was almost nonexistent. I had to use the candle at the table to read my beer bottle's label.

The prices were just a little too high for my liking. $4.50 for a Miller Light, and $6.50 for a shot of cheap tequila? Are you kidding me? No thanks.

I didn't have a chance to sample any of the food, so I can't comment on that. I might give the place another try... so long as someone else is paying.
I've never written a review of Jose Pistolas?  Crazy.  

This is a Mexican restaurant with a surprising selection of amazing craft beers.  The food is pretty decent.  I love the sunrise burrito, and recently tried the carnitas burrito which was pretty good too.  Guac is okay, not the best ever but you can get a plate of chips, two salsas, and guacamole for $7 which is a pretty great deal.  

I've tried the margarita pitchers during happy hour, and they are pretty mediocre, stick with the beer.  The list is always changing and there plenty of options.
Got take out lunch tinga tacos along with a side of fries from here for lunch and everything was excellent and fresh. They use a paper board material (that I think might be compostable) for their containers which did a good job of collecting any steam off the hot food so everything stayed crispy and fresh by the time I got back to my office from picking it up. This little detail makes a huge difference in the quality vs polystyrene containers which the steam just collects and makes food soggy. I am super tempted by their take out cocktails but since I don't live downtown it is harder to transport but I would suggest anyone that lives close to definitely check those specials out as well!
While I'm still not a fan of the food.  I spend a couple hours here on Friday night at the bar.  It was a lot of fun, Casey the bartender played some good tunes and was really nice and helpful with the beer selection.  

I don't drink beer though, so I still don't think it's my scene.  But I'd go back to sit at the bar for a bit.
Love love love this place. 3 floors of seating and drinking! $25 pitchers of magaritas or you can get a $7 one like me. The Guava one tasted more like grapefruit but anywhoo--it was strong and delicious. i highly suggest the goat cheese and pistachio nut guacomole. Quick and good service! downside is the bathrooms are on the 3rd floor =(
If you're in the mood for ridiculously delicious nachos, this is the place to be. We ordered 3 plates of veggie nachos with guacamole (+$3) to share between 8 people and everyone loved them!

The place is very casual, perfect for dinner and drinks any night of the week. The service was also super. Our waitress split the bill by our individual orders and saved us from the venmo/cash/card mess.
I could write a novel about all the great things we have experienced because of Joe Gunn, Chef Adan and the entire staff at Jose Pistola's.

My 8 year old competed in the 2013 MANNA Guac-Off - where Chef Adan's tuna and sambal topped guac took 1st place (my kid came in 5th - which is not too shabby!).

Since then, Chef Adan and Joe have been so gracious to our family and we finally got a chance to experience a veritable feast of Mexican wonders (some with an Asian twist) with 5 star service all the way.

We truly enjoyed the Scallop tiradito, Classic Guac (and the mango pomegranate one), Freshly muddled pear mojitos, anything with that Korean Rib in it (I had a quesadilla), Lobster Tacos ($18 for two) and HUGE burritos.  (My husband loved the short-rib one.)
Choco-Flan and Churros completed the meal - but we were so full we could barely touch them. (Some how we managed (wink-wink).)

The kiddo loved her black bean and BACON (she asked for it special and they made it for her) quesadilla.  Fan-frikkin-tastic!

Can't wait to return.  We were treated like royalty.

We can't thank you enough!!!
I have trouble eating Mexican food without a margarita. (Wow, I realized how bad that sounds.) Jose Pistola's has gotten me to reassess this stance, as they are both a Mexican restaurant and craft beer bar. 

They participate in beer week, they get rarities throughout the year and overall have a solid selection. 

The food is more Americanized Mexican versus authentic Mexican, however everything I've ever eaten there has been quality and delicious. 

Recently I had the Ale Smith IPA to accompany nachos and the roasted chicken tacos. The tacos were heavily topped with veggies and consisted of nice, thick chips. I hate this wimpy chips for nachos. The roasted chicken tacos had a nice crisp to them and were pretty much stuffed to capacity. 

I don't like how their bathroom is all the way on the third floor, but that's not a deal breaker. 

Cheers to beers and nachos. Ole!
Came here after visiting the Kimmel Center with the family because Jose Pistola's is part of the UPromise Dining Plan.  All you need to know is:

1:  Very friendly service
2:  Nachos are A+ with their homemade chips and guacamole with nice layers of tastiness
3:  My Margarita was not that great with too much sweetness
4:  All other foods like the black bean soup, tortilla soup, goat tacos, and quesadilla were just fine...B-

$95 for 4 not including tip.  I'd come back, but only for the nachos!
Salt-Lick!

I think I satisfied my sodium intake for the year after dining here recently.  I think my face is still puffy after I ingested their tortilla chips (salty), salsa verde, (saltier) and guac. (saltiest! - is that even word?)

The rest of the menu isn't any better, or terribly exciting nor different than what the other local Mexican jaunts offer.   What does make Jose Pistolas stand out from the crowd is that the place doesn't pride itself on margaritas or cocktails of the genre - but focuses on a good beer selection.  That's always a smart move in this city of beer snobs and enthusiasts.

But a decent beer list alone does not a great restaurant or bar make.  In different iterations of restaurants past, I always found this little piece of real estate a challenge.  The restaurant and bar area is always split in two. Very little bar space on the first floor, tiny bathrooms are far away located in the back past the emergency exit doors, a couple floors up.  Also, though I hate places that try too hard to establish an atmosphere, I find Jose to completely lack one.  Perhaps that is their intention, especially when you're located across that heinous Italian food chain (the name escapes) and just down the street from Applebees.

Food isn't bad, but it definitely isn't good either.  Offerings aren't any better than what you could make yourself or find at your local grocer.  Big blah.  What brings this restaurant's wattage down is their excessive use of salt, each time I've eaten here, I leave feeling like I've swam through the Dead Sea with my mouth gaping open.  Also, the place is kind of expensive. After splitting chips+guac+salsa, getting a order of shrimp tacos + 3 happy hour beers (don't judge) with tip = $40?  A little rich for my blood.

When all is said and done, Jose is good for a quick stop for a beverage before a show on Broad Street when Good Dog is too packed.  It's sort of a decent back-up option to watch a game when all the other places nearby are filled to capacity.
This place is called Jose Pistola's.  As you might expect, they have a small menu of Americanized Mexican fare.  My results on the food have been mixed (I have heard that they recently expanded the menu but I have not seen it).  I don't recommend coming here for dinner but the nachos are pretty good.

But this place has a beer list of what must be over 50 Belgian and craft beers.  There are I think 2 dozen or so beers on tap, including some rare and seasonal stuff.  It easily rivals the best beer bars in town in terms of selection, and the bartenders I've had do know the beer.

The other nice thing is that they have a few nice TVs in the upstairs part.  That makes this place a great reprieve from Fox & Hound across the street.  Rather than squeezing into an ultra-crowded bar with shitty beer for the big game, I much prefer to come here, get a table, and sip on some fine Belgian ales.
I like their beer selection here, but I was very underwhelmed by my tacos.  I ordered the Kobe beef tacos and I'm not exaggerating when I say that they were swimming in grease.  The flavor was decent, but the presentation was a huge turnoff and I just wasn't blown away by my dish.  The wait staff is really nice, but the food needs some serious help.  Skip it and just grab drinks!
Huge turn around!!! I wasn't really into this place since it opened several years ago, but when I heard one of the cooks from Fish was creating his own menu I had to check it out. 

I started with the with the goat tacos and traded a friend for one of her pork belly tacos. I've been going back ever since trying everything on the menu. Guess it helps that I work in center city, it's my go to spot for lunch with a beer. You can't go wrong with any of the tacos, I'm almost finished trying every single one on the menu! Just tried the pork buns today and the were absolutely insane! I may have to go back tomorrow and get them again!
I have been in hear a few times and each time I laugh harder, drink more, and eat better food! 

Each bartender is great and brings there own charm and humor to the place. They each have a great knowledge of the beer they are carrying and are always willing to entertain! 

I went here because I had a random friday off from work and Stone brewery was having a lunch there. We had the beef brisket sandwich, each time I go here I get this sandwich and each time it gets better and better. tender brisket with an onion ring in the sandwich and some amazing sauce that I cant quite put my finger on. We also got the enchiladas which were cheesy and wonderful and had a fried egg on them which was different for me but added some different texture to the dish and was soooooo delicious. I love the relaxed atmosphere on this place and cant wait to go back again
I was very excited for Joe Gunn's (get it Jose Pilstola??) jawn but I was really disappointed.  Portions were small and overpriced and I'm not really sure what it's trying to be. Like someone said, it's more "Mexican bar food" than a restaurant where you can happen to get your drink on.    That's cool amd all. .  It's really focused on beer and beer snobs, also cool but not what i'm into.   It's cool to have a non chain place on that block but it's not my scene.  .
So I went to Jose Pistola's a few months ago when it just opened.  There were two things my friends and I wanted: 1. burritos and 2. margaritas.  I ordered a burrito which was quite a treat.  Still hungry I had a sope that was delicious too.  

Unfortunately, the margaritas were not so pleasing.  They added orange juice in with their margarita mix, which wasn't so good.  After sending our drinks back a few times, they sent over a gigantic complimentary margarita and a round of beers.  We were happy for the free drinks but the margaritas still had that orange flavor!

Lesson Learned: Overall the food is good, but if you are looking for margaritas I'd keep looking.  Or check out the beer list.
I DON'T EVER write reviews/yelps etc... especially being in the service industry because none of us want to hear it. BUT I will tonight.  I would've privately emailed but didn't find an address...


In short:   food and drinks and accommodating a group of 7 girls for hh was absolutely great!!! BUT your server  that took care of us is AWFUL!!! We ordered pitchers and apps, super easy, we didn't even ask for refills of water.  We're a bunch of servers having a girls hh and your server felt the need to braid her hair in the midst of not clearing the piles of dirty app plates on our table!! On top of us not drinking or eating anymore because of HER service we asked for the check.  And she felt the need to add the 20% grat herself.  I'm sorry I thought 18% grat is the norm and would've left her more if she didn't take it upon herself to leave a tip that wasn't deserving!! DO I FILL IN MY OWN TIPS ON CC SLIPS?? Oh yeah and throw the cc book on the table at your customer???
I'm beginning to have serious issues with bars here and their insistence upon serving food.  Why bother?  People can eat somewhere else.  Don't bother us with your $8.50 disgusting pair of steak tacos that I can guarantee were not sustainably raised.  Like, just dole out the booze and don't embarrass yourself.  

That said, Casey is the sweetness as far as bartenders go, and how can you not fall in love with someone who's in a band called WELCOME TO MY FACE.  Possibly the best band name ever.  I'd go back just to ruminate on that while watching him rock out to EVERY. SINGLE. SONG!
With three four-seaters open, I was told I had to wait for a two-seater to open. The bar was full, so I couldn't sit down. 

The decor was nice. As I noticed all tables that could be separated, I grew to appreciate the skull hanging above the bar. Very authentic. I even grew to feel empathetic for it: slowly dying of hunger and thirst, left to be gawked at by intoxicated patrons wondering why I'm there. Just there. Waiting. Watching. 

A strand of Christmas lights was out. Even more authentic. I felt like I was in solidarity with those lights: dejected, noticed but not acknowledged. 

Finally, I asked the hostess if she could split one of the tables for me--you know, capitalizing on the paying customer that actually is there instead of the one that may or may not come in--she said they couldn't.
for the past two years i would occasionally drop in here for drinks, didnt think it was anything special... i never realized they had delicious mexican food!!!! i was really impressed with the nachos and the beef burrito!
Come here for the nachos -- they are delicious! The portion was huge, and I had to take half of them home. I also had some of my friend's shrimp ceviche which was quite tasty. My friend and I came for lunch, so only the downstairs was open. There were only a few other groups here, but it was only the bartender taking orders and bringing out food, so service was a little slow. Overall, my friend and I were satisfied with our lunches, and I definitely want to return for happy hour sometime!
Personally, I'm not the biggest fan of Tex mex.  I love the idea of monster sized burritos and refried beans, but damn, that post-meal bloat really sucks.  I usually keep it simple with some tacos, chips, and guac, but the reviews of the nachos  at JP's had me yearning. 

Nachos with beef short ribs:
I rarely order nachos at restaurants. While some places can really nail it, most don't.  I've found that more often than not, the tortilla chips are too thin and fail to support to onslaught of wet toppings. Pretty soon you're left with a cold rubbery amorphous blob of cheese and soggy chips. 

Im happy to report that this place does it right. Thick homemade tortilla chips, topped with some really tender shorts ribs made for a pretty amazing nacho experience. The pickled veggies were a highlight for me, as was the side of chunky guac. The fish taco was really good too. 

We also got a pitcher of Margaritas for $15 during happy hour which was killer. I'll be back here for sure.
One of my favorite spots in Philly, this place is always crowded! Great drinks and even better food. My go-to is El Diablo margarita, the name says it all. Everything on the menu fantastic. The pork belly burrito (but also anything with pork belly) is an absolute favorite. The nachos are HUGE and totally worth it. I still haven't tried the guac yet but I've heard great things. It's impossible to go to this place just for drinks because once you see food passing by it's game over. Give this place a try if you haven't yet!
The beer menu definitely has personality but besides that?  Eh.    

Chips and salsa cost 7 or 8 dollars, which is crazy considering they come standard at most Mexican restaurants.  The chips bore a strong resemblance to Tostitos Gold.  Remember them?  They were the super thick yellowy chips.  I suspect you can't find them in stores anymore because Jose Pistolas probably bought them all out.    

My boyfriend had a pork and pineapple burrito, which was... different, and I had the tuna tacos which were good but not memorable.  

Everything is pretty much a la carte~ so if you want rice and beans with your entree you better fork over $4.  We passed.  

I would go back if I was with people who wanted to go, but probably wouldn't choose to go there again myself.
If you don't mind being ridiculed for politely requesting that your cocktail be served 'up' (without ice) and you don't mind sub-par Mexican food at high prices, go to J.P.

The waiter at my table acted like a complete tool when I asked for my drink without ice, he said "OH come on! It's the SAME THING!"  I said "Then I will skip ordering a drink as I don't consume icy drinks"  I won't bother going back to this establishment and from what I hear, the owners of this place have another location called "Sancho Pistola's on Girard ave.  Word on the street says that they too are a bunch of jackasses.

Apparently there are some food and drink "professionals" who do not realize that some people were raised by immigrants, hence, are accustomed to consuming beverages without ice.  I would also like to add that I grew up in Southern California, which is basically Northern Mexico and the food at J.P. is just okay.
I'm always ambivalent about coming here, for some reason. I've never really had a bad experience but I've been here MAYBE 4 times in the 2+ years they've been open. Weird, right? Well, this will definitely be changing soon. 

My friend and I ended up hear after a less-than-stellar attempt to go to my normal Center City staple and we're immediately convinced that we made the right choice. The menu, while it hasn't changed at all, always surprises me because I forget how good everything looks. It's your standard Americanized and yuppified Mexican fare, but which some good sandwiches thrown in for the mix. We ended up sharing a 1/2 order of the carnitas nachos with guacamole on top, I ordered the shrimp tacos, and she got the steak tacos. Holy moly, everything was delicioussss. I'm a die-hard chicken nachos from Cantina girl but these nachos definitely ousted them as my favorite nachos in the city. My shrimp tacos were divine and loaded as well - chili-glazed shrimp with some pico and guacamole with lime were really light and delicious. I didn't get a chance to friend the steak tacos but I'm sure they were awesome as well because we housed those tacos in minutes. It was kind of embarassing, to be perfectly honest. 

In terms of drinks, I think they are definitely trying to make the locus of their libations craft beer as opposed to margaritas and such. You can get pitchers of margaritas, and they do flavored ones  as well, but I noticed that they conveniently don't advertise them. Good for them, because making margaritas is annoying as hell. They have a fair amount of craft beer as well so you'll never be lacking in selections. I'd prefer more variety because it seems like they stick with certain breweries but that's just me being picky. 

I do have a couple of qualms about this place though. First, they are way too over-priced. I'm probably spoiled by all the legit Mexican taquerias near my lovely South Philly home but paying $9 for TWO shrimp tacos when I can get 3 for cheaper anywhere else is stupid. Same thing goes with beer - it's insanely marked up. They sell a bottle of Franziskaner for $8.25 when my job sells the same bottle for $6. I mean, really? I know it's Center City but that's completely insane. Even Good Dog, which is right across the street, doesn't mark their beer up like that. Also - service is kind of hit or miss. Our waitress looked miserable the entire time but did manage to crack a few jokes here and there. She was probably just tired, poor thing, having to deal with the shitty Rittenhouse clientele. 

Other than that - I really like this place. I don't go out in Center City much because I'm a creature of habit but I'll definitely make my way back here soon.
The pomegranate mango guacamole is fruity light summery and you'll love it with a fruity free will techno IPA.  Also try the sangria.  We give it 5 stars!!
Imagine, if you will, that you've been throwing back a few for a while one Thursday evening when hunger strikes.  It's about 11pm, and your first choice of Govinda's is out because they're closed.  Same story with option #2, Lazaro's, and #3, Pico de Gallo.  You're always up for Mexican food, and schlep yourself to Jose Pistola's, despite the fact that one of your companions isn't thrilled about it.

You order the shrimp and chorizo tacos.  When they arrive, they look decent and smell decent, so you give the establishment the benefit of the doubt.  But the second a dollop of chorizo hits your tongue, you know you judged too soon.  You question whether they substitute bland sloppy joe mix (or dog food, perhaps?) for delicious, spicy chorizo, and end up shoveling the majority of the mush off your tacos.  The shrimp is fine.

You polish off your meal by eating your friend's untouched pico de gallo out of the cup (the best part of the meal), while watching an adorable little mouse scamper across the dining room floor with such grace and speed that you wonder if there's more than one.  Your server is unapologetic and mumbles something about "city life."

You walk home and go to bed, wishing CVS was open so that you could buy some Tums.
I guess I have never had a problem with Jose Pistola's because I know it's not a Mexican place.  Yes -- they serve "Mexican" food, but we all know it's an American interpretation of Mexican and that's okay because the food is pretty yummy for what it is.  Ever try Chinese food in India?  Same deal.  I don't think anyone tries to claim it's "authentic."

In any case, this is a great place to go with friends after work.  Comfortable seating, good beer selection, and nachos big enough for four to share.

Overall, I like this place.

Two things I'd try to avoid:
1. The bathrooms -- they're above the upstairs bar and don't seem to be cleaned very often.
2. The vegan chili -- for some reason, it tastes like an Indian curry.  Don't get me wrong - I love Indian food, but not when I order chili.  According to the waitress, they figured they'd "add some extra spices since it's vegan and all."  I find this absurd.
This is more of a 3.5 star joint for me. I've been hear on numerous occasions, but it's typically been for beer events, but had the chance to sit at the main level bar yesterday afternoon, so it's time for a review.
Fairly slow at 3:30pm on President's Day and grabbed 2 seats at the bar. Bartender was friendly and engaging to say the least. Started with a pint of Russian River's Blind Pig IPA ($8.50) and ordered the traditional guacamole ($12.50) with chips. Chips are the sturdy, heavily fried kind and they were needed to handle the loaded guac we enjoyed very much. Not overly salty, which is a big plus. Save the salt for the chips.
I had to get the catfish tacos (2 for $15). They were served piping hot and 3 heavily fried chunks in each taco, along with tomato, red onion, cilantro, and lime . For $15, you would expect a side of rice/beans or something, but just 2 tacos on a plate is what you get. Tacos were grilled perfectly, so nice crunch. I still left stuffed, so take it for what it is. This region likes to charge top dollar for tacos and I'm not sure exactly why, but they were delicious and would gladly pay for them again.
$30 with tip splitting the bill, so not an inexpensive lunch option, but a solid pint, great app and a tasty meal is OK by me.
Found myself here this past Thursday night for the bar's birthday!  I didn't know they turned one year old this week, or I would have bought them a cutsy card.  But they gave everyone free margs and cake at midnight.  Joe Gunn, the owner, sat down with us for a bit and let us try his beer.  I had fun.
I have been to Jose Pistola's a few times now and have only ever gotten margaritas and nachos, and yes that's enough for me to judge it as 5 stars.

First, the margaritas.  Strong.  Tart.  Strong.  Delicious.  Thirst-quenching.  And did I say strong yet?  Cuz they strong.

Second, the nachos.  Their nachos are so simple, yet so tasty, that they inspired me to make my own version of them at home.  Now I love nachos from many places, but they have so many ingredients and it seems too complicated to try and reproduce them.  But JP's nachos are literally - creamy refried beans (figured out how to make them at home so they aren't all pasty and plasticky), cheese, pickled red onions, and pickled jalapenos.  I make these at home and they are just as good as the restaurant!

But JP's will always land itself on my "let's go day-drinking" list, for the two reasons above.
As has been stated, Jose Pistol's is a bar.  It has beer and bar food.  I'd say the beer list is about average for Philadelphia and the food is above average for a bar.  There's probably a beer and something to eat for most moods.  I've always gone late night or Sunday, so I've never waited for a table, food, or drink.

Do the Sunday brunch.  Nobody else was there, it's $25, you choose from a fixed menu, and bottomless margaritas/mimosas/bloody marries.  The bloody marries were spicy, the margaritas were sweet (ingredients, not mix), and I don't like mimosas.  Staff has always been friendly.  I've had the breakfast burrito, mini tacos, wings, and the pancakes.  All were good.
Nice happy hour selection that is also available in Saturday's. Bartenders were friendly and attentive. Food was tasty. My fave app is the pineapple black bean salsa and chips. Upstairs is open during dinner time. Tends to get crowded downstairs before then so plan accordingly. Careful with the front door behind you. Don't be that guy.
Jose Pistolas is the perfect place when you're hungry on a Friday night, it's dinner time and you don't have a reservation anywhere. I went to Jose Pistolas with 3 of my friends for a last minute meal. We had the pitchers of margaritas (which I think were $15) and I had beef tacos. I'm always in the mood for Mexican food and this really hit the spot. The atmosphere here is not fancy by any means. (Think darkly lit dive bar more than an upbeat Mexican or Southwestern restaurant feel). But if you're looking for a casual Tex Mex restaurant where you can get a table right away, this place is it.
Come here to drink and have an awesome time - just eat before you get here!

This is a nice bar to chill and have some beer...their beer list ranges from $2.50 PBR bottles, to unique and more expensive Belgian imports.  The atmosphere is always great and the owner is probably one of the coolest guys I know.  Not to mention they have a Wii upstairs with tournaments every Tuesday night.  

I pretty much love coming to this bar, but their food selections consistently disappoint me.
Cozy spot with a hint of dive but its not. Tight seating downstairs, but there is an upstairs! 

We got the nachos ($11) with beef (or chicken, or pork $4) and guac ($3.5). They were really good!

Tacos overpriced ($10-12 meats, $12-15 fish/shrimp)

I would give this place place a higher rating (can we do half stars? 3.5 is more accurate, really), but they discontinued the $30 brunch special (app, entree, 5 tulips of beer (!!!) or bottomless mimosas for 2H). They let me and spouse split it. It was filling, it was glorious. It is no more. Farewell, post yoga indulgence.
All around great neighborhood bar.  Low key, friendly atmosphere, very good food and excellent craft beer menu. This is my go-to place to start or end an evening.  I also watch sports here or order takeout. 

The fish tacos, ceviche and short rib are all worth trying while sitting at a bar stool with a glass of whatever is on tap. 

The owners are fun people who enjoy life.  They frequently have themed events that people who love beer will regularly attend.
I want to like this place. But then I get mediocre service at the bar and I want to leave.
Jose's is by far my favorite bar in Philly! Their nachos are hands down the best in the city, and used to be my favorite dish on the menu until recently.  I don't have a favorite dish anymore since they have a new chef and have redone the entire menu! The daily specials are always amazing, I had the beet tacos and the brussel sprout tacos, the other night and they were awesome! The new chef is very creative and has yet to create one menu item that I didn't love! To see the daily specials I have become friends with them of Facebook and the specials are posted on there almost everyday. The food at Jose's is not the only good thing about this bar...the service is great and the beer selection is one of the best in the city!! Some nights there are bands upstairs playing which is always a plus!! Can't wait to go back!
Yummmmm I just want a bottomless pitcher of their margaritas! We all know margs can easily be disgusting. Too sweet, too sour, too salty, etc. These were just the perfect mix. I'll be dreaming of these...

Could perhaps be the reason the food tasted so delicious as well. Because I was probably 2 to 3 pitchers deep (it was shared, don't worry!). I had the portabello burrito and it was stuffed to the gills with the good stuff. I shoved the whole thing down. No lie.

Also, I must note the pickle chips. Fried pieces of pickled heaven. My mouth is watering as I type this. Sadly, I hear they're taking them off the menu. Maybe a petition needs to be made to keep them on. Great bar food option!

I'd love to come back here for the casual atmosphere, but more importantly, those smooth margaritas!
Delicious!! Wow oh wow! We were craving some Mexican while staying here at The Bellevue and luckily Jose Pistola's is doing takeout at just a short walk away. The salmon and chicken tinga tacos were amazing and their guac has so much flavor! I don't think I've had this good or Mexican food outside of California/New Mexico. We had friendly service as well. Definitely support this authentic Mexican spot! You won't be sorry! Next time we're back in Philly, we will be back!
Ordered the "veggie" burrito ($13) tonight, only to find that the burrito is stuffed with rice and beans and titled "plain burrito" on the receipt. When I called to ask what the deal was-- I have ordered this burrito multiple times before, and it has indeed been stuffed with vegetables-- the restaurant staff member said that you have to specially indicate if you want veggies. In a veggie burrito. Because veggies are not included. In a veggie burrito. **insert some combination of mind blown and face palm emoji, emphasis on the latter**
I asked her if this was a change, but she said that this is how it's always been.

She then proceeded, with an attitude, to tell me they don't carry fresh vegetables as much anymore because it's covid and they've only done $600 in sales today. So... it is a change?

In this admittedly extraordinary time, there are many local businesses that are maintaining some semblance of quality service and not trying to dupe their customers. Unfortunately, this place isn't one of them. Too bad, because it was always a reliable quick meal.. but I'm not paying to be tricked.
Great place for Mexican.  Nice vibe, friendly bartenders.  Food was tasty and fresh.  Loved the churros for dessert.
Stopped in for a late night snack and a quick drink.  I was excited about the place due to all of the reviews.   Arrived and sat at the bar.   Was hoping for a little more banter but, you can't always get what you want.   

Ended up getting the braised short rib burrito.   I was disappointed that it didn't come with chips or anything.  It had really good flavor and I enjoyed it.  Also felt that the portion was a little small.  

Not sure that I would return.
Having gone to school for two years in Philadelphia I have been on a search for good Mexican food. After a year my gf and I found La Calaca Feliz in Fairmount and that satisfied my Mexican craving. 

Then just this past week I went up to Philadelphia to visit old friends and we ended up going to Jose Pistola's. Man I missed out on this place when I lived in Philadelphia. My group of friends and I went to Jose on a Thursday night around 7. We were told the wait for a table for 4 would be approximately 20 minutes however we actually waited closer to 45 minutes (They do not have many tables that seat 4 people, hostess told me only two tables seated 4 people in the whole place). The hostess brought us to the bar upstairs so that we could just get a couple of drinks while we waited around. 

Upon getting our table the waitress quickly came around to get our food ordered. People at my table ordered the nachos, burrito and I got the Short Rib Sopes. THOSE WERE THE BOMB! I have never had Sopes before however after them I am a huge fan. They were overflowing with meat and seasoned very well. I also tried some of the nachos and they were really good as well, however I think the ones La Calaca Feliz serves are slightly better. The nachos here are topped with a lot of toppings and become soggy. I like my nachos to be a bit more crunchy. The service here is decent. The only downside of this restaurant is street parking around the area is near impossible to get so I settled for a paid lot. But the food makes up for having to pay those couple of bucks. 

I really wish I had known about this place before I moved away from Philly. I think this place will be one of the spots I have to visit every time now if I go visit Philly. I definitely recommend this place and encourage anyone who is craving Mexican food to go try it out!!
The other day I asked my boss what her favorite places are to eat during the pandemic and right away she named Jose Pistola's. She said although a dive bar, her daughters have LOVED the tacos. 
During this time when me and my boyfriend are supporting businesses we decided to go to Jose Pistola's. We got the pico salsa + chips (the hostess was kind enough to give us 2 bags of tortilla chips which was more than enough), mahi mahi tacos, freedom tacos (basic American hard shell taco), the Korean rib taco, and a side of corn. 
We decided to take a walk to pick up our food to get out of the house. The hostess was very kind to us that evening. 
Everything we ordered was delicious! While eating at home I had wished we had a nice cold draft beer to wash it down like we would've at the bar. However, we can remain hopeful that we will be able to do that after the pandemic. 
If you're searching for a business to support during the pandemic check out Jose Pistola's!
Hands down my new favorite bar.  Fabulous authentic Mexican restaurant?  No.  Good laid-back bar with an awesome beer list?  Yes.  I come here mainly for the beer.  They have one of the best selections in the city with about a dozen on tap, and many many more bottles, from Belgian imports to American microbrews to PBR.  The bartenders are great too: friendly and really know their stuff.  You tell them, "I'd like a beer that's fairly hoppy, not too dark, and really strong" or "Give me something that tastes like peaches" and they bring out the perfect concoction.  They also let us try samples of various beers, which not only broadens my horizons, but helps put me over the edge from tipsy to flat out drunk.

I've always gone on Thursday nights pretty late, and there's always a small crowd both downstairs and upstairs but plenty of empty tables and some spots at the bar.  One night they let our group of 4 play wii on the flat screen, another night the bartenders humored us with our discussions about sex toys.  We met the owner, Joe Gunn, one night and he was quite friendly (and intoxicated) as well.  I even ate here one night and the ahi tuna tacos were excellent.  I'd definitely grab dinner or late night snack here again.

Great laid-back bar (but with no resemblance to a dive, don't get the wrong impression), with pretty good food to boot.  I'd come here every Thursday night if it were up to me.  Jose's, I love you.
I've been wanting to go to Jose Pistola's for a looooong time and I finally got out to the bar for quick dinner before a show. My immediate impression is that this bar is LOUD. I think the sound must bounce off of the brick walls and since it's such a tiny place, it bounces straight back into your ears. That won't stop me from returning, though. I loved the hole-in-the-wall charm.

I had heard good things about the margaritas, so of course I had one of those. I would have preferred it if the drink was a little stiffer, but otherwise it was delightful. The food was, in a word, excellent. I loved their guacamole (jalapenos, tomatoes, and onions chopped in)-- but keep an eye out for the chunks of jalapeno, because what you think is a bit of cilantro may in fact set your mouth afire. The portion wasn't overlarge, either, so we didn't overeat before the meal. I also had the goat tacos. Now, I find goat to be an interesting meat-- it's got a pork-like texture, but the taste is much more woody than pork. I was enthralled with the tacos-- they basically put some sort of mole sauce on the goat, garnished it with radishes, and plunked two tacos down in front of me. Heaven. They were gone in about three minutes.

Finally, I have to say something about the service. Not only was our waiter friendly and attentive, even the servers who weren't at our table were really outgoing. One saw me get really excited about the tacos and we had a quick conversation about how delicious they are.

Two words: goat tacos. Here, have two more: great service.
The question is - is this a restaurant first or a bar first? Personally I think it's a bar that serves food. I'm coining the phrase "Mexican gastropub" to characterize this place. The upstairs is a little dry and the bathrooms are downright frightening, but downstairs the bar feels right with the longhorn skull hanging from above. There is a mid-level dining area that is actually quite cosy and not overwhelmingly done over. Objective achieved. This isn't supposed to be a fancy Mexican place.
It's no secret that for whatever reason - though Philly has a TON of great restaurants - Mexican is seriously lacking in a ton of choices.  The best bar none in this city is Cantina Los Cabalitos.  A close second would have to be either tequila's or Jose Pistola's.  And Jose Pistola's is GOOD not great.  Their food is pretty predictable, nothing to rave about.  The margarita's are pretty darn good.  It's actually a REALLY good place to watch a game, or hang out with friends.  It's even good for a regular or special night out for food.  However, if I was craving Mexican, I wouldn't necessarily go here. I'd trek to Cantina!  Or even Mixto - which while not really Mexican - is delicious and similar.
Really disappointed in this place. The food is mediocre and the wait staff is rude, inconsiderate and make you seem as if you are inconveniencing them by asking to be seated.

The hostess and the waiter we had were particularly mean and acted as if we were bothering them by asking to be seated. My boyfriend even told the waitress she had been snappy and the waiter proceeded to tell us that it would be in our best interest to leave.

Regardless, what is most disappointing is I left a Yelp review because I had felt embarrassed and offended after leaving after the waiter and hostess berated us in front of other customers. Yet the review was gone when I checked back later.

I don't know what kind of business they're running but all in all this place isn't very good and you can find better and more affordable food less than a block away (try Lolita's!).
The first time I came here was during off-hours on a Saturday, around 2:30/3:00pm. My fiance and I were two of 8 people in the restaurant, it was super dark and really depressing. I had a house margarita and he had a beer - my margarita was mediocre at best. 

However, we decided to order the nachos (because...what else?) and that's why we've continued to come back to Jose Pistola's. They really are phenomenal. You won't find any cheez wiz here! Their nachos are topped with refried beans, tomatoes, pickled red onions (sounds weird, but it's delicious), tomatoes and lots of real cheese. Add the guac for an extra $4.00 and you'll be the happiest person. 

The second time I visited, I had the diablo margarita and once the ice melted down a bit, it was delicious. I'd definitely recommend it over the house. 

Whatever you do though, make sure to get the nachos!
Not bad.
 
I came with a friend during Happy Hour... $3 sangria with a star anise essence? Sign me up. The food was unremarkable, but maybe it was because we ordered just a few tacos from the HH menu. The chicken in the chicken tacos was dry, it could have used a little cheese or something. The pork tacos were also kind of meh.  They were soft corn tortillas, pretty stale and for some reason, there were two tortillas for each taco.  I gave up pretty quickly and just ate the filling with a fork.

We did like the guacamole, served with those yummy extra-thick chips with sea salt. 

The trip upstairs to the restroom was gross, dark, and the stairs were a little slippery. One bathroom is not marked as such and I waited forever to use the other one, in which a couple appeared to be having hot and noisy sex. 

I held my pee until I got back to my hotel.
Ive never seen poorer attitude from staff server.  This place hires absolute a holes that deserve to be put in mental wards for their poor demeanor.   Was waiting for a table and actually hade a waiter bump me and tell me to move-  and said-  no you're not sitting at this table.  Yes i know.  Continued to be belligerent  and extremely aggressive and RUDE!!!  " did you hear me?? MOVE!"  I boycott this place and suggest all of you do.   Absolute downright rude a hole staff
Jose Pistolas has always been one of my favorite stops in Philly.  First off, it's a great beer bar with a fantastic selection on tap.  But they also make the best nachos; specifically the carnitas nachos.  The chunks of pork are outstanding but so are the thick, seemingly homemade tortilla chips.  And the full order can feed an army.  Last night we also tried the wings and they were great.  The sauce was incredibly flavorful.  

I think you have to love beer to love Jose Pistolas but the bar food is the reason I keep going back.
On Tuesday, May 28 two of my girlfriends and I sat at the upstairs bar for drinks and a few plates. This restaurant is a go-to spot for my classmates and I because the drinks are so high quality and they serve food quite late. It was relatively not crowded upstairs, calm and we could communicate with the server quite clearly. As to not pester him with splitting the bill three ways, I handed him back the check with our payment saying "$15 in cash for the check, $28 on the red card and the rest on the green, thank you!". He informed me that my card was not reading, so my friend offered to cover my portion (again, NOT COUNTING THE CASH) on her card. He said no problem and gave my friend two checks to checks with the two payments charged to her card to sign. My other friend then asked for our portions of the cash tip she has calculated as we were getting up to leave....but something did not look right when I glanced at the two bills my friend had signed. My friend who had taken care of my check said I owed her $37....how could this be if he had counted the $15 we put in our checkbook towards our bill? This is a young man who serves many a tipsy gaggle of young ladies so he was well aware or our state. He seemed irked and annoyed throughout our encounter with the sheer fact that we were sitting at his bar; a state we encounter quite often from bartenders as young ladies. I get it, I have spent many years working behind the bar myself listening to inane, shallow conversation, shrieks of laughter and squatters who never seem to leave and pester about splitting the bill. BUT in no world, doe any bartender with experience and a brain perceive $15 in cash given with cards, an explanation of the payment and no "keep the change!" comment as course to pocket said payment and charge the rest. We sat there for atleat 20 mins after we payed, still eating and then calculating the tip within ear shot of a bartender who was just chilling inches away because he had nothing more to do. We packed up and left our actual tip, but I photographed the checks as to further examine them when I could fully focus/was not plagued with the noise of drunk girls. My suspicions were right, as you can see in the photo. A block away, I was tempted to turn right around and confront the young man, but having delt with his attitude all night already and knowing the fault my friend who signed the receipts without double checking had in this, I decided to let it go. 

In closing, no shade at the food and drink of Jose's, but PETE(R) the bartender, we know what you did! I get it, young girls who stay way too long and bore you with petty conversation tend to tip really shitty so perhaps swindling us out of an extra $15 on top of our 20% tip is tempting. You think, "they won't even notice and they were gonna tip poorly anyway so why not". This is why not! Nothing may be done to right this wrong, but trust that some young women DO notice these kinds of things and will say something.
I have eaten here a few times. I have a couple of friends who really seem to like the place, and they usually suggest it as a place to meet up. 

I notice that the beer prices are a little high, but whatever, judging by the looks of this place they cater more towards the restaurant side of the business and probably don't pull in vast sums of profit from the bar. 

The first thing that really starts to annoy me however is the music. It was so loud. Here it is, a week day, the place has a decent amount of people in it, mostly eating, and the music is just blaring. So much so that i couldn't hear a word form the person across from me. It seemed over the top. 

We order food, and it's O.K. I might even say good, but I have eaten at way to many awesome little Mexican joints in South Philly to say that this place had great food. Not that I expected better, I mean, a place on 15th street is Center City, you can't expect the best damn Mexican food ever. But I heard all this hype about their food, so I guess my expectations were a little higher then normal.

Overall, the place is fine to drop in for a quick bite, especially if you have been getting hammered at one of the bars nearby and have a serious craving for a burrito. But that is it.
My favorite thing about this place are the people who work there. I've been here a couple times now and the bartenders and servers just couldn't be nicer! Often times when you go to a bar you have to flag your server down to order something and they disappear for a while. At Jose's it's like you're hanging out with another friend! They asked for my name, asked what types of beers I'm into so that they could recommend me what they had on draft, tried to get to know me too! VERY friendly atmosphere, I love it. It's a very small venue, kind of a divey feel to it. I've ordered the shrimp ceviche and a carne asada quesadilla from here, both were spot on. Maybe not the most authentic mexican food, but pretty damn good! Their drafts are rotating but they have a lot of unique options and they're happy to give you a sample or two if you ask. I originally came here because I live in the neighborhood and was looking for a place to watch the MNF game and I discovered this little gem. I'll definitely be coming back! Great food, and WONDERFUL staff.
The pittance of Mexican options in Center City truly frustrated me until I discovered Jose Pistola's. I had unknowingly walked by its low-key storefront numerous times without realizing  it was a Mexican spot, and indeed nothing about the interior of the space screams "Mexican eats" either. Rather, you'll find a somewhat narrow space that leans a bit divey and gets rather raucous on the weekends.

But don't let that dissuade you, Pistola's food ranks among the better (and more reasonably  priced) Mexican I've tasted outside of the South Philly taquerias. To boot, it boasts an impressive craft beer program and tasty, economically priced margaritas. Our party began with Pistola's riff on queso, and it greeted us with a large, hot crock of bubbling cheese that had a good amount of seasoning and didn't congeal as our meal progressed. The thick, fresh tortilla chips served with it carried a particularly enjoyable crunch and didn't balk under the heavy cheese dip.

The mains at Pistola's similarly satisfy flavorwise, though run scant; we would've remained hungry had we not opted for an appetizer. Though I received only two tuna tacos, they still had a lot of texturally interesting components and brought a lot of flavor with ostensibly sushi-grade, rare tuna, radish, sweet pepper sauce, and very fresh, smooth guacamole. My companions enjoyed their sopes, noting the appealingly crispy outsides and tender interiors while cursing the awkwardly small plates that made eating difficult.

Few Mexican joints offer a beer selection this good and a menu so broad; I'm sure not everything is a winner but we enjoyed all the food we tried. I'll be back soon enough when the Mexican craving strikes.
OH MA GAH...bangin' nachos, tiraditto (or whatever they call it, it's basically sashimi meets ceviche), drink (whatever that was that has the serrano peppers), and very friendly bartender/awesome possum service. Oh yeah, I'm coming back!
