If you Juno, you know! 

COVID has us longing for dining indoors at a restaurant. Many establishments have been able to start offering outdoor dining but usually that means on the sidewalk. This place elevates the outdoor game to a whole new level - seriously, its a vibe!

Walking in, there's a whole outdoor space carved onto the property. The feeling is tropical and breezy, casual but upscale - summer mood. 

We had made a reservation (as all dining nowadays has to be) and our table was all set up ready for us! The menu is Mexican inspired but packs some great vegetarian (and can be made vegan) entrees. We chose the De La Casa salad to start things off - textures are spot on with crunchy tortilla chips breaking up the herby and spicy avocado dressing perfectly. We moved forward with Verdura tacos and had some Mexican Street corn on the side. Everything was perfect portion wise and the flavors were tingling all my senses. 

The wait staff were great on filling up our water glasses and cleared out plates as we finished different portions of the meal.

Thank you Juno for a great time (especially in the time of COVID) - hoping to come back soon before outdoor dining becomes too cold to handle! 

COVID REVIEW: The tables are well spaced apart to allow for proper social distancing and all the workers were wearing masks as they moved about. Our greeter let us know that while seated we can have our masks off to enjoy our food but if walking around, would need to have them on to cover our nose and mouth. All the reservations are limited to 90 minutes and they do a small check in questtionairre prior to entry. There's hand sanitizer available at the point of entry and also in the bathrooms.
Juno is a rarity - a restaurant that opened during the pandemic.  And the very good news is that it seems to be doing quite well despite all the restrictions.  Taking over the colorful space which was Llama Tooth, it has only added more life to this location.  The outdoor garden is super for eating in the warmer months.  It is both eye-catching and inviting.  But would the food hold up in this Mexican eatery?  Well it did - without blazing new heights or serving highly authentic Mexican cuisine.  What it did serve was well-prepared Mexican comfort food with an emphasis on tacos.  The two varieties of tacos we ordered were both enjoyable with the chicken tinga perhaps a little more tender than the beef asada.  But the highlight for me was a delicious chorizo queso fondido.  This version was less like a fondue and more like a raclette but still so tasty, I would easily order it again.  
 
The service was wonderful - friendly and efficient.  Tables were truly socially distanced and everyone followed the basic rules about masks.  Eating in the pretty garden of Juno's is pandemic dining at its best!
Happy "One Week-Aversary" Juno! Saw photos from their opening last week and just had to come and check it out for myself! 

Currently due to COVID-19 restrictions they are operating under RESERVATION ONLY through Resy to control and better monitor social distancing practices. Tables of 1-4 guests are allotted a 90-minute time limit, tables of 5+6 a 120-minute time limit and finally 7+ guests are permitted a 150-minute time limit. If you can't remember all that, upon sitting down the servers let you know if their current policies and keep you updated on your time limit if you're getting close. 

All of the tables were nicely spread out and all servers were wearing masks. We were instructed that if we had to leave our table for any reason that we would be required to wear a mask, but free to remove it while seated. 

The food was good, nothing exceptionally remarkable, but the drinks were fantastic--as pretty as they were delicious. I had the Smoky & Spicy which featured Banhez Mezcal, Libélula Tequila, fresno chili, blueberry and lime. The smokeyness was the most prominent flavor; I had actually commented to my friend that it tasted like one of the hot sauces at Mission, but like in a delectable, cook drink kindof way. I also had the Viejo Diablo which featured old Overholt Rye, Cynar, Lofi Sweet, and apple blossom bitters. Just as strong as it sounds. 

A ton of vegetarian and gluten free options and a couple vegan options, all clearly marked on the menu via the key at the bottom of the page. 

Whenever I try a New Mexican style restaurant for the first time, I always like to get dishes that I've had other places so I can effectively compare. I tried the Esquites, the tacos camarones, and we also had guac and chips. The guac was a little on the plain side, but they gave you a nice portion of it to share (if you're okay with sharing with your party during these times). I absolutely love shrimp tacos and I was impressed to read that they weren't simply done with cilantro and onion, but rather pickled jícama (basically a Mexican turnip), cotija cheese (normally a saltier variant, however es similar que parmesan o feta en los Estados Unidos) and mango. Oftentimes I've had shrimp tacos with pineapple, but the mango was a really nice (different) touch that I very much enjoyed. The esquites were served off the cob with chipotle sauce y queso frescos.  

Overall I loved the aesthetic of this little spot even if the surrounding neighborhood is still up and coming. I found parking over by Love City Brewing Conpany, but I would say reserve parking with Spot Hero or something near by, because street parking was scarce.

EDIT: I forgot to mention that the music selection was noticeably a wildcard-- I'm not sure if it's because I just watched all of the Marvel Movies, or if I'm just crazy, but I could've sworn someone must've been playing a Spotify list of tracks that Starlord from Guardians of the Galaxy listened to on his cassette tape player and later MP3 player. JUST SAYING.
Remember dining out? Yeah I hardly do either ever since Covid-19 has taken over! But on the few occasions that I've managed to go out and try navigating it again during these pandemic times, there's one spot that really went above and beyond in providing a dining experience that felt semi-normal despite everything. And that's why I have to give Juno an extra special nod during #ThankYouThursday.

When I reunited with an old friend virtually during the pandemic we knew that it was inevitable for us to go on an adventure once we were able to again, or just chill and enjoy some good tacos. So when we found out that the crew behind Morgan's Pier and Harpers Garden were opening up another indoor/outdoor dining spot in her Eraserhood neighborhood (https://www.phillymag.com/foobooz/2020/07/08/juno-spring-garden-fcm-hospitality-avram-hornik/) it sounded like perfect happenstance!

After all, through their experience with Parks on Tap (https://www.yelp.com/biz/parks-on-tap-philadelphia-6), they've proven that they know all about making a perfect outdoor dining destination out of practically nothing. And the location was far from nothing since they moved into the old Llama tooth destination which initially had so much potential for being a great year-round outdoor dining experience if it wasn't also sort of weird at the time (https://www.yelp.com/biz/llama-tooth-philadelphia).

Fusing both elements together makes it a perfect outdoor botanical taco garden in the worst of times where you only have 90 minutes to eat for a party of 2, and must wear a mask when you aren't sitting at your table, and it will only get even better once you can finally peek that indoor dining space and lounge around longer before or after going to a Union Transfer show, hopefully coming spring/summer 2021!

But with the incredibly welcoming staff, and the breathtaking outdoor floral decor, my dining partner and I were loving every moment of catching up over incredible cocktails and seriously good food. The Smoky and Spicy cocktail was the perfect amount of both with it mezcal, jalapeno, blueberry and lime. The guacamole was extra flavorful and spicy with its fresh cilantro and jalapeno too. my dining partner loved her cortada salad with griller shrimp. As for me, I was all about my shrimp tacos which were absolutely fantastic with their cotija cheese, mango, and pickled jicama.

As far as dining out goes we may still have a while to go before it's as enjoyable and stress-free as it used to be. But with places like Juno still offering up heated tent dining and delicious tacos in the pandemic cold, we can still take solace in some good and responsible outdoor dining vibes.
I have seen and heard such mixed reviews about Juno, but still wanted to check it out to see for myself. Last night a group of four of us were able to make a last minute reservation for dinner.

When we arrived we were seated immediately. The ambiance and space itself is so beautiful. One might call it "instagram-able". Right away we decided to order the Beer Barrow which came with our choice of Miller High Life or Tecate for beers and then a bottle of the house Tequila, which was a pineapple tequila blend and it was delicious. I cannot do tequila shots, they are not my thing. However, this tequila went down easy! For $60 total, we had three rounds of shots and three beers each. That's 6 drinks each for $15 per person. I don't know of many places that could beat a deal like that, especially outside of happy hour.

For food, I ordered the nachos and the esquites. I added carnitas to my nachos and the serving was very generous. Both food items came in large portions so I shared with my friends that all ordered different variations of tacos. There were no complaints at the table as far as food goes. We were all very full and satisfied.

Our server was attentive and checked in frequently. She brought us the bill and let us hangout to finish our Beer Barrow well after our food was done.

I look forward to returning!
Very disappointed in how they handled cancellations due to weather.  We have been so excited to go as we made the reservation 2.5 weeks ago!  Our reservation was at 6 pm last night.  It started raining at 4:45 and we were waiting to see if we were getting a cancellation text or email.  We called the restaurant, nobody answered and were told to email.  At 5:30 we got a text saying "you are expected at Juno in 30 minutes."  From that text we assumed our reservation was still on.  We were two minutes away from the restaurant when we get a text a 5:55 saying our 6pm reservation is canceled.  Then finally get an email around 8pm that they are accepting customers pending the weather.  During inclement weather, either have someone answering the phone, send out texts more than FIVE minutes before the reservation so people don't waste there time, or have someone answering emails promptly (since thats what they prefer people doing).  At other restaurants where cancelations occurred, we got emails, texts, and a call from the restaurant when it happened.  Very disappointed in how it was handled.
Juno is an outdoor restaurant and decorated in bright colors #summervibe. It was a nice summer brunch experience.

I ate the shrimp tacos (small but full of flavor), scallop ceviche (delicious but wish the scallops had a little more flavor) and nachos (so good)! I also ordered a mimosa that was okay. 

At the moment, finding restaurants that are following proper protocol during COVID-19 is important. I believe Juno accomplished social distancing with spaced out seating pretty well. Also, you have to enter with your mask on and can remove while eating of course.
We were shocked to hear that Juno would not accept two forms of ID, including a passport, from the student exchange student athlete from Finland that is staying with us.
He is 21 years old and his classmates were taking him out to celebrate before he went home.
Unfortunately, Juno staff would not accept his IDs and the entire party was forced to leave.
What was suppose to be a goodbye celebration, turned into a sad evening for all due to a lack of education by the staff.
(to the tune of "Getting Jiggy with It" by Will Smith)

On our way, gonna get Juno,
Dance floor? No, but great tunes though
Opened in Pandemic flow, this new joint hit
Outdoor sit
Opened in the city and that was it

Now spicy salsa outside
Take a big bite, all up in my insides
You gotta get a sandwich with a lotta stuff in it
Split it with your friend, it's a sin
On very nice days, 
You can't get a seat
Wish you booked on Resy, you'd be
Digging in, sweet
Here in this gorgeous seat
Try a taco right from Juno, you know
I just bite it
Not for the look - I really like it.
Wheelbarrow of beers roll over and I
Can't forget tequila for the guys
Yo, my love of this place is infinit
HAHA
Gotta love Juno all in it.
In the city, dig it.

Damn. that was a tough one. ALMOST as tough as getting a reservation on a nice night at Juno! This Spring Arts spot is ALL outdoor, and SO much fun. Great, island vibes. Cool music. Awesome vibes all around. 

During the summer, ANY time a friend asked where to dine outdoors, Juno was my first suggestion. It's like a little slice of paradise up on Spring Garden! Cool tasty drinks, awesome enormous sandwiches, only bummer is if it is bad weather.... but when it's nice, it's PERFECT!
This is what I would call a 'rona 3 star, or pre-'rona 2 star. Our service was friendly but poor, and the food was scamp and overpriced. 

I think we're all desperate for some social, dining interaction and Juno provides a relatively safe space to do so. The backs of each chair to the next party's table is roughly 4-6 feet apart depending on which table(s). 

To start off our night, all of our waters had black floaters in them, and a few bugs. We had asked for a new set of waters for all of us, which our server had forgotten; But even after reminding a second time, she had brought one full glass of water.. for one of us. We had to further clarify and ask her for water awkwardly again, when she placed that one glass of water in front of us. Throughout the night, it was constant interactions like this. Another was when we had asked her for hot sauce, and she forgot until we prompted her again after coming back to our table to ask if we needed anything else. She was really friendly, great energy and always had a smile on her face - but was really quite a poor server

The drinks were roughly $10 average for most of the cocktails and frozen cocktails, beers were fairly priced around $6-7 for solid IPAs. The food was overpriced imo , 3 veggie tacos for $10 or shrimp for $14 but the tacos were tiny - single lined flour tortilla roughly the size of Loco Pez tacos but filled smaller. 

Overall we had a good time, mostly because of the company and just nice to be outside. I appreciate Juno for the addition to this area and to the outdoor Philly summer dining scene, but we probably won't be back.
Mediocre food, drinks, and decor. Absolutely terrible service. 

Food was "good", but I've had way better Mexican. Not much flavor. Agreed with the comment about the drinks. My medium sized margarita probably had about an ounce of tequila in it. Kind of ridiculous.

Front desk and the assistant manager floating around the place were incredibly rude and aggressive to me and a guest, even with a reservation. This one women who worked out front and went off on us, literally snapped at us. She thought we were random bystanders even though we had a reservation that we were waiting for (because the restaurant wasn't prepared to seat us on time). 

Additional considerations- servings are small for the price and location (it's not ghetto, but it's not nice either). 

I'd give it a 3-4 for food, drink, and ambiance alone. But the staff was so nasty I'd never go back.

P.S. I also sent them an email about my experience, particularly the nasty assistant manager. Never heard back, so I have no remorse writing this type of review.
Love Juno! Just went for my first time, but my husband has been several times. Juno is perfect outdoor dining that still feels like indoors... it's sooooo nice to be eating in an actual restaurant instead of on a sidewalk or a blocked off street in these Covid days. 

Juno atmosphere is 5 stars. The music is 5 stars. I almost felt like I was at a night club I wanted to get up and dance every song. 

The service was also 5 stars. Our waitress (I forget her name but she wears the Nacho-Libré wrestling mask) was amazing. She was so fun, great to chat with, helped us stay longer when we decided we wanted more rounds, and again, FUN!if she wasn't working we would have recruited her to join us for shots lol. 

The food was also great.. small menu but everything was delicious. The Mexican street corn appetizer was the biggest surprise... it was phenomenal!! So good we ordered a second one! Nachos were great, tacos El Pastor was delicious. 

All around great meal, delicious cocktails, and even better atmosphere. You get the full experience at Juno! Love it.
I have heard so much about Juno after its opening in the middle of the pandemic, and was super excited to check it out. 

First and foremost, the ambience here is incredible. Colorful decor, greenery, string lights; outdoor dining here is an experience just because of the ambience. The service left a little to be desired - just ordering our food elicited an eye roll from our server. 

The drinks were incredible! Had a couple of different margs, both the classic and blueberry were fantastic. The food was very reminiscent of Rosy's taco bar and some of the servers were wearing Rosy's shirts, which made me think that they are both run by the same owners? The tacos were pretty good, but nothing out of this world.

Would definitely return just for drinks and apps, and to enjoy the fantastic atmosphere with the setup here!
Outdoor space is all the hype these days for a sense of normalcy and enjoyment amidst the uncertainties. Juno is the antidote to all of your needs for pretty outdoor vibes, mexican food and drinks.

Reservations were easy to make via Resy, highly recommend. My friend and I were seated immediately. They require masks unless seated at your table. The menu had affordable options and plenty for gluten sensitive and vegetarian needs. Our waitresses were friendly and easy to work with. 
We ordered the esquites which is so creamy, sweet and delicious.
My friend got the carnitas tacos - very tender and juicy. I got the al pastor which was very seasoned and yummy. 

We ended the night with the plaintains + dulce de leche. It hit the spot! I'd highly recommend it.

Overall a great experience but our own problem is the amount of flies and mosquitoes in the area. If they can find ways to control that, it'd be a 5 star experience.
I always crave me some Mexican food. This restaurant immediately caught my eye with their amazing outdoor seating.

Unfortunately, the weather rained on my parade the day we had planned to dine here. Being that majority of their seating was outside, we had to resort to their bar area. The staff were super nice and respectful here. I love how they left us some privacy and didn't stay around the bar at all times. 

We ordered the Burrito de Desayuno with Steak add-on ($16), Asada Tacos ($12) and Al Pastor Tacos ($11). The tacos were scrumptious! I was caught off guard by the spiciness of the Carne Asada tacos (there's peppers!), but the AL PASTOR! So so good. They gave fatty pieces, and included pineapples. The pineapples really take the icing on the cake in making these tacos taste so good. Salty with a slight tangy sweetness made me wish I ordered two of these. 

We were unfortunately not a fan of the Burrito de Desayuno. It was not a dish I tried before. I guess I didn't read into it, so I was surprised to see a smothered wet burrito. Yeah, I think I like my burritos dry. With the beans and eggs, I taste the "desayuno" aspect of it, and it tasted very hearty and healthy. There weren't many meat pieces and if there were, they were really tiny. 

Overall, I would love to come back for their beautiful outdoor seating! Highly recommend checking out.
Looking for a more modern Mexican restaurant? This is your place! You'll likely spend a little bit more $$, but it's worth it! Juno does a good job at making the outdoor dining fairly warm/bearable. Fair warning, the dishes do not come with a side of rice or beans (e.g. tacos, fajitas, burrito, etc.) The nachos were delicious and full of flavor. There were tons of toppings that we actually needed more chips. The fish tacos were flavorful and had a kick. The shrimp tacos were not a fan favorite. The tacos had a strong pickled flavor and the shrimp was minuscule. The margaritas are tasty, but not too strong. More sweetness than alcohol. We ordered and received food within 15 minutes. Very quick dining experience.
Came here on a Saturday in July the week they opened and made reservations via Resy for an 8 PM seating for two people.  I'll admit I was, and still am, a bit skeptical with outdoor dining.  But Juno put my worries at ease.  All staff wore masks the entire time, tables were sanitized in between use, and patrons wore masks when standing/walking through the establishment. Now, on to the good stuff.

I remember this place back when it was Llama Tooth, but Juno utilized this space WAY better!  It's gorgeous: a huge deck with socially distanced tables, tons of lush foliage, strung patio lights, live DJ music (later at night), and an open-air bar and server station.  It felt like we were at some reggae beachfront grill instead of in the middle of Spring Garden Ave.

Our server was awesome and friendly and the food and drinks came out FAST (probably because of its limited capacity).  I think we ended up getting three or four frozen margaritas each, so we probably should've just gotten the pitcher, but both the classic and blood orange varieties were fantastic (blood orange was the best, however).  For food, we started with the chips and tres salsas (wonderful, warm, crispy, salty fresh chips and tasty salsas to match) and the esquites (deconstructed elotes, essentially, that were AMAZING - but needed chips for dipping), and tons of tacos so we can try them all: shrimp, al pastor, carnitas, and asada.  All were great and full of flavor and toppings so we were really full, but those carnitas tacos took the cake: so juicy and seasoned perfectly.  (Also, I would opt out of the cheese on the shrimp one as it's VERY strong and didn't quite mesh well with the seafood, IMHO).

It's pricy (I would equate it to Mission Taqueria), but well worth it, especially for the outdoor ambiance we're all desperately craving right now.  Will definitely return!
I read about Juno from a news article over COVID and I was so excited to try it. Based on the pictures and the glowing review it had it seemed like a gem of a restaurant and it actually really was!!

The ambiance:
Casually cute. The top of the patio fence area is lined with plants and there are trees that they built the patio around so it's primarily shaded. Twinkle lights accent the restaurant as well so it's a sweet and romantic vibe. The music was old school which was fun. All Motown type era. Tables were spread out appropriately where you felt safe and comfortable and they asked you wear your mask if you leave the table for any reason which is great. 

The food:
Fantastic. Portion sizes were fairly small, but the food was delicious and filling. I got the shrimp tacos and we shared a nachos. The shrimp tacos were drizzled with a mango glaze which balanced out the saltiness and it was amazing- my only note was that they weren't very hot, just barely warm.

The drinks:
Amazing. I got the frozen blueberry margarita- I've never even seen a blueberry margarita offered on a menu before but it was so tasty.

I definitely would recommend coming!
I visited Juno on a warm summer evening. We had a reservation so wait time wasn't an issue. My friend and I were promptly seated and our table was distanced a bit from others which felt safe. We went on a weeknight though so I am not sure if weekend crowds make distancing more difficult.

Our waitress was prompt and checked in often. Wait time for food was pretty minimal.

The food and drink menu is pretty long...longer than what you sometimes find at small city spots. They had a good variety of options including for vegetarians. Prices are about average for the city. Don't expect to eat here for under about $40-$50 a person, including a drink or two. 

My food and drinks were pretty good. Nothing super amazing to rave about but good, and I certainly was not disappointed. I would come back, if not for the food, for the ambience and vibe which was lovely!
I hate to leave a negative review during this pandemic but I think it's important that people who decide to spend their hard earned money get quality food. And this was not it. The chicken tacos tasted like the chicken was just marinated with some jar salsa. They were Luke warm when served. The shrimp tacos bland and chewy/overcooked. The guacamole completely tasteless. I would have probably gotten better food at chipotle. 

Honestly don't recommend this spot. The tables are not set up to be socially distanced either. 

Bad food.
Great addition to spring garden! I loved the atmosphere, the decor and the service is great! Tasty tacos and reasonable prices as well. I would definitely come back!
This was one of my favorite spots during the summertime! The food was great and the drinks were even better. I came here last week with some friends since the new covid restriction - only outdoor dining is allowed now. There were clear tents over the tables and they were well heated in my opinion, my friends were cold however. We snacked on some appetizers, the corn being our favorite. Drinks were smooth as well. I just wish it wasn't raining. I also thought the tables could have been spaced out a little more. In the tent there's not much room to walk and distance if someone is walking from the opposite end.
I'm going to break this review into two sections.

Ambiance:
Love the ambiance and the set up! It really is the cutest outside taco bar! Lots of plants and colors and def instagrammable! 

Food:
The food was okay. They don't have vegan options other that salsa and guac. The guac was pretty good and i loved the fresh chips. 

The tacos were alright. I kinda got the vibe that they use the same grill to cook shrimp and chicken on because when i got my shrimp tacos, it tasted just like chicken. It threw me off. I'm a pescatarian! 

Another SUPER DISGUSTING thing was that there were LIP MARKS on our water glasses  that was so disgusting. The server was pretty nonchalant about it but I'm like hellllo Covid is here. Sanitize your dishes better. That really turned me off from wanting to return.
Juno was a spacious outdoor space decorated with plants and bright colors.  The DJ spinning for our Saturday brunch was fantastic with a great mix of funk and soul music; definitely a plus.  I ordered the Huevos Rancheros; the beans could have used a little more draining and some type of sour cream or crema would have elevated the meal.  Frose was ordered, of course, and only two of them got me nice and toasty.  Husband ordered the Torta De Pastor which left more to be desired (very one note) but the fries were delicious.  Service was quick and efficient all while keeping great social distancing standards.  This place is definitely a good summer hangout.  Get a resy beforehand and you'll have no trouble getting a seat!
Bold statement, but I think Juno has the best tacos in all of Philly. At least compared to other nicer taco places in Center City. Three tacos in each order, and they fill the tacos full of meat. Love the sauces that come with the tacos. Try the brisket tacos!

Covid-wise, Juno also has one of the best setups. They have two large heated tents with socially distant tables. The tents are heated with proper heated air blown in, and it really stays warm.
Found this new spot to try for brunch on a Saturday afternoon. Wonderful outdoor setup with a DJ in the back and bustling wait staff. Surprisingly no wait as we were able to get a table for two.

To start off, decided on the Guacamole ($12) to share to go along with one of their craft beers in can ($6). Food comes within a few minutes - a chunky bowl of guac served along a warm basket of chips. A little bit too salty for my liking; could have also used more spice. For the main meal, ordered the Torta de Pastor ($13), a hefty sandwich with layerings of meat veggies and cheese served with thick fries. Again, same issues, both the meat on the sandwich and the fries were overly salty. Since it was so large, had to pack half to go 

Really like the ambiance here and the staff is super friendly. Unfortunately the food was too salty for our taste.
This place has the best outdoor vibes you can look for in the city. Very cozy and artsy place. We got bunch of tacos and Margs. I wasn't a huge fan of the tacos but their drinks are amazing. Loved their corn and queso from the apps menu. They can seat a large group too so that is a plus.
The drinks were nice and likka heavy and the food was very tasty. I had the elderflower jawn which was pretty good, sweet but that's expected. My friend had the summatime (I think) which was good as well. We split a margarita which was really good (& I'm not big on slushy drinks, but for some reason this one was not like others). My shrimp cocktail was awesome! They definitely do not skimp on the shrimp. It was so loaded that I almost forgot I had ordered food because I was still waiting the shrimp cocktail when they bought out my tacos. I'm assuming the guacamole was homemade because it was very fresh and delicious. The quesadillas were pretty good and so were my veggie tacos. Everything was so fresh and flavorful. The only unfavorable part was the sidewalk seating since the city hadn't picked up the garbage. Having to eat while viewing the trash cans and trash bags lining the sidewalk wasn't the best part, but that's beyond the owners control. I would like to return for an opportunity to experience the patio dining.
This place opened a few months before covid hit and was on my list since then to explore. Could finally go over the weekend and their Greenhouse set up is amazing. Must try for a date night. Only accommodates 2 people , super cozy and warm. Love the set up and felt very safe as closed and only interaction with servers is ordering and getting the food. We were there for brunch and all the food was amazing. Only disappointed that they did not have fish and was really looking forward to try their fish tacos. Maybe next time. 
Overall wonderful experience and well priced. Highly recommend the Greenhouse set up.
I was really looking forward to going to Juno because I saw so many Instagram posts but.. left feeling a bit disappointed.

5/5 Ambiance, just like I saw in the pictures. The outdoor seating is really cute and modern, really well spaced out during COVID-19. Half is outdoor seating while the other half is heated tent/indoor. The bathroom is clean and nice.

3/5 Food. Honestly, my friends and I all agreed that they were really overpriced and the taste of the foods were just okay. I've tasted better Mexican food for wayy cheaper. My Al Pastor Tacos were a bit salty and the seasoning was overpowering all other flavors of the tacos. The Asada Tacos were really bland. Our alcoholic drinks were pretty good tho, and we really enjoyed the drink, "You Cannot Have Mango!!"

3/5 Service. It was hard to get our waitress's attention and she did not check up on us often. She was a nice lady, but didn't know what was the special meal set for happy hour and constantly forgot our orders (verbally while we were telling her what we wanted). Napkins we requested came out slow and we felt that she wasn't even around or looking at our table when we really needed her.

It definitely is a cute place and I do not regret going, but I'm not sure if I would necessarily come back. It was a good one-time experience!
I came here on a Thursday night after a realllly long day. My friends and I were in the mood for Mexican and were excited to find a new place to try! They are very serious about taking special Covid precautions which I appreciate. The outdoor seating area was so cute and well decorated and we were seated a decent distance away from other groups. I ordered the burrito and fall spice margarita. The burrito wasn't anything super special, but I still really enjoyed it. The margarita was delicious. I thought the fall spice would be overpowering but it was a perfect subtle touch. When making a reservation, they do have you enter your card information and I believe there is a fee if you no show after making a reservation. I look forward to visiting again in the future, especially in the summer time post-Covid!
If you're tryna have the most white washed Mexican cuisine experience, this place is for you. Chicken whiter than my Caucasian bfs ass. Weak margaritas. Bad music.....rice not included in the fajitas.... 9/10 do not recommend.
This place was pretty good! It was reasonably priced for Philly and super delicious. I highly recommend the Asada Tacos. My friend enjoyed the Al Pastor Tacos, a blood orange margarita, and a frosé, although he thought the drinks were a bit on the expensive side for the amount you get. I don't think they have any indoor seating right now, but their patio is SO CUTE, almost completely shaded, and safely spaced out. I'll definitely be back there when I'm in the neighborhood or craving some quick Mexican food because they got our food out in less than ten minutes after our order was taken. The staff there are also very friendly, helpful, and polite.
Came here the first weekend they opened. Pro's are the parking is easy and free, friendly service, and instagram worthy atmosphere. The food itself left a bit more to be desired. The best thing I had was the corn. It was seasoned to perfection! The Nachos are plentiful and also really good. The shrimp cocktail was nothing special but it wasn't bad either. My fav drink was the frosè and it looks tiny but it packs a lot of power. 7/10 would def recommend. And bonus points for following social distancing guidelines!!
Loved our lunch at Juno! We were seated right away (you have to make a reservation) and felt extremely comfortable from start to finish.  The drinks were incredible and the food was super delish! The whole ambiance is incredible.  Can't wait to come back
I wasn't really expecting too much since I heard it's the same owner as the Morgan's pier. But.... It was one of the best Nachos I had in my life! It's not those cheap nachos you are used to. It's really crispy, flavorful and the beef ... so moist and tasty! And the margaritas were amazing. The outdoor seatings were nice and cute. I guess if I have to say one thing, it's outdoor, so try to go on a day which isn't too Hot!
We had a lovely dinner at Juno tonight! The atmosphere was really welcoming and bright and it felt nice to sit outside and eat. Everyone was wearing masks and the tables were distanced from one another. The waitress also went over the restaurant's safety protocols when we were first seated. The food was excellent. We had nachos and added chorizo on top. My boyfriend and I wanted to split tacos and we ordered three orders. The tacos were small but after the nachos we had to take a whole order home. The asada and carnitas tacos were great and we took the chicken tinga tacos home. I was very excited to see that they had frozen drinks but my froze was on the strong and sour side. It was still good but not necessarily as sweet as I thought it would be. All in all, it was a great meal and I definitely plan on coming back!
The vibes and atmosphere in this place are AWESOME. We did have to make a reservation about a week in advance for a Monday evening because it had just opened and was pretty crowded. 

The carne asada tacos were delicious, but the portion wasn't huge. We went for dinner, and most of the main dishes weren't very filling. I would definitely come again and probably order one of the sandwiches! I've heard good things and they are bigger portions. 

This is a great spot for a summer outdoor dining place. I would definitely come here again.
This place is an absolute gem! From the outside you would've never known how fabulous the inside looks. The outdoor seating is spaced out so perfectly, you're able to feel comfortable socially distancing while eating. My server, Nicky (hopefully I'm spelling it correctly ) was a doll. Her personality made us love our experience, and she was so amazing in general. Big appreciation to Nicky!!
Juno is a VIBE. The atmosphere was incredible and I would have loved to hang out all day if it weren't for the time limit placed on tables. Juno exclusively offers outdoor dining on their fenced in, not-middle-of-the-sidewalk patio with colorful chairs, string lights, and plants on plants on plants to create a fun, Instagram-able environment. 

We managed to snag a 12:30 brunch reservation the day prior and were seated immediately on arrival even though we wound up checking in early. Our table was well distance from the others around us, hand sanitizer was available, and all staff was appropriately masked. Our waitress greeted us promptly and our food was brought within a reasonable timeframe, though they bring it out as it's ready so BF got his meal a good 5 min before I got mine, which was a little awkward.

The food is just okay --- if it weren't for the atmosphere, I'd bump it down a star or two. We started with flavored margaritas, which are quite obviously their regular lime margaritas with a shot of flavored syrup because our syrup had settled to the bottom of the glasses. Once mixed together, they were pretty good but nothing extraordinary. 

We started with the guacamole and chips, which were fine. Our guac had a few brown spots, but tasted fresh but a little bland -- needed some extra salt or lime. 

BF ordered the al pastor tacos which were delicious though a bit salty. I chose the roasted vegetable tacos, which had eggplant, corn, peppers, and other mixed veggies with an avocado crema. My tacos were just okay and honestly I probably could have made something similar at home. Next time, I'll order something that I can't easily make on my own.

All in all, I'd go back again just to sit in the pretty garden with fun music and a colorful drink.
Arrived for our reservation to half of our party already there with drinks. The waiter didn't return for 40 minutes and when we mentioned how long it had been, he stated he was "in a meeting". On a Friday night during dinner service? The restaurant was half empty so I can't say it was bc he was super busy. The food was fine, drinks were weak. While signing checks, a staff member came over and told us we had "gone over our allotted time" and needed to leave. We were only there so long bc of terrible service!
Super cute open bar/restaurant on spring garden street. We made reservations through Resy. The Covid guidelines are strictly enforced. Masks when moving around and tables are 6 ft apart. Prepared food must be ordered with drinks. Their menu is quite extensive and delicious. We ordered the guacamole and asada tacos. 
Both were freshly prepared and delicious. Service was prompt and drinks were strong! They also have Prosecco on tap! Definitely a 2020 gem!
I had the most amazing experience here. I came here late and was still able to be accommodated. Kate was our server and she ensured that we were well taken care of. Me and my group never had an empty glass of water and every time that we needed a drink, Kate was right there to take our order.  I will be sure to come to Juno so long as Kate is serving me. 10/10
I have been dying to go here and finally made it last night. I was not surprised how packed it was due to the awesome atmosphere. Everyone was seated and masks were required if you are not seated. We got the lime and blood orange margaritas they were so tasty and fresh. We also got the chips and salsa to start, pretty good! For my meal I got the cortada salad with grilled chicken and it was SO GOOD. I am ordering take out again tonight to get the same thing. Wish I took pictures sorry but just take my word.

One thing that was strange was they told us our time was up after an hour and a half and we had to leave. They also charge a liquor tax which I've never noticed on a bill? Additionally, if you a make a reservation and cancel with late notice you are charged per person.
Friendly and fast service couldn't help save this review. The food was probably the worst food I've tasted at a restaurant. The guacamole was def made with some way past their prime avocados and the marinated chicken tacos must have been marinated in water as they lacked anything resembling flavor. Living in nyc I'm spoiled with great Mexican food whether it be at a fancy restaurant or food truck at 4 in the morning. This place should really take a step back and taste their food and I'm sure they can find a way to make things better (hint: salt and pepper)not worth a second chance on my next trip to philly.
First time here, haven't ate throughout the day they took us late with no booking. That is great particularly during this time, truly welcome that. Genuine great food! My worker was great his name was Keliq. An incredible person, extraordinary worker all around dealt with us. Never show signs of change brotha.
Esquites is just corn with heavy mayonnaise. 
 I've paid for better tacos on the street trucks in philly. 
I had the Summatime cocktail is it was terrible. No alcohol in it. Basically was a 11$ water. 

First and last time I'll come here. 

Oh. The service was wonderful. Food came quick and hostess was very accommodating. It's not their fault.
We went here for my sister birthday. The food was great . The drinks and ambience was wonderful
Probably one of my favorite tacos ever!! All of the tacos are good portion, full of flavor and just straight  our favorite is chorizo and carnitas.
Last time we went as a group of 5 so we ordered their beer wheelbarrow (pictured) and it was such a good deal!!
Great place for food and drinks. Love the outdoor seating area, service and staff was great. Would definitely come again. We had the steak, shrimp and chicken tacos and strawberry margarita and regular margarita.
I recently stopped in for a drink on the way home, and was seated at the bar and given a food menu. The bartender (a green haired white woman) repeatedly refused to acknowledge requests for a drink menu, serving, seating, and taking orders from multiple other parties at the bar. She seemed busy so I just watched for a bit, even though all I wanted was a drink menu. (She offered others drink and food menus as I watched her)

When I finally got her attention by saying "hello," she told me to "go home if I don't like the service here." I told her I just wanted a drink menu, and she aggressively told me I tried to order before the others who came before me did (I did not), and refused to let me finish a single sentence. I was stunned. Only then she grabbed a drink menu and said "you happy now?" To which I said NO, I don't want it. I'm done.

I know very well how crazy the service industry can be. But this is absolutely inexcusable behavior. Such animosity wasn't called for, especially because I HADN'T been hollering for the bartender's attention. I told the front of house staff that I was refused service, the guy listened to me and apologized and offered a table. I was already very upset though, and the terrible bartender just kept going about her business as if nothing happened. I just went home.

Is it because I'm Asian or because I looked like crap at the time? Whatever it is, it certainly is not my problem.
Terrible service. Took 10-15 minutes to get any attention. Asked for waitress. Then bartender came over and was extremely rude the entire time. Never refilled our beverages. Didn't bring us utensils. Didn't say thank you or have a nice day at the end of the meal. Never going back.
Juno is one of the best things going in the Rona. Good Riddance to Llama tooth which was here before and never, not once, used this gorgeous outdoor space for anything worthwhile. Having seating off the street means that Juno goes well last 10pm so it's as "late night" as can be in these times. The food is decent--nothing lept off as a "must have" for the future, but the drinks are the star of the show. Cocktails are great. Frozen drinks are good as hell, too, but sign me up for the BeerBarrow. A wheelbarrow filled with Tecates and infused tequila?! Why wasn't this a thing earlier? The only thing Juno can improve on would be the ambiance. The string lights and neon just beg for some amplified, modern music. The typical playlist had me worried the Ghostbusters theme was going to play on the set list it was so dated. The DJ that was there one day was playing the perfect jams for a middle
School birthday party in 2007. Juno has the vibe but seems to be scared to embrace it. Give the people what they want and let's jam! The difference between 4 stars and 5 is all in the tunes
We chose to dine here after a horrendous day traveling and dealing with hotel confusion. We had a bit of a late dinner but the atmosphere, food, and drink were the perfect cure after a long day.
This restaurant will definitely remain an awesome location for outdoor dining if the Philly outdoor dining situation returns to what it was before the pandemic. Just about the whole restaurant is outdoors, with colorful seating, colorful drinks and good tacos. All in all, the restaurant gives off a fun summer vibe.

I went in the evening so the sun wasn't an issue, but there are trees to provide shade and fans to keep the place cool. The tables are pretty well spaced out too, so it doesn't feel cramped even though the dining area isn't the biggest. Reservations are probably a must at busy times.

Only thing is that the food felt a little overpriced and I was hungry after an order of tacos and half of a chips and guac order. But not to the point where I wouldn't come back.
I'm gonna keep it 100. This place is waaaay over hyped. 

I had to book a reservation a month out to get evening seating here. Which honestly good for them for attracting so many people to want to come here in the first few months of its opening! Let's start with the only real PRO I have ... the margarita. The blueberry margarita was tasty, tasty. I was loving the crushed up ice too. My husband got the classic and he loved his as well. I definitely recommend trying either. 

The guacamole. Yeeeeesh. $12 for the blandest guac I've ever had. In being fair, I am going to  chalk it up as it just being a bad batch. The chips and salsa were just okay as well. For entrees my husband and I ordered the polla tinga and carnitas tacos. The chicken tacos were dry and lacked any punch at all. However, they are perfectly porportioned and a great amount of food for an entree. The carnitas were good! I would definitely prefer to get those if I am to come here again.

All in all, Junos aesthetic is very cute. It's definitely a nice place to sit outside and have some drinks. I just don't think I'll be having a hankering to go back any time soon.
I left a two star rating because the service was good. However after spending $700 with a group of 9 my biggest concern was the drinks. We ordered several shots and drinks and they were extremely watered down. Watered to the point that we should've ordered juice or water. The food was ok but the drinks were an absolute 0. I would not return due to this
Cute outdoor space that opened in recent months (a feat in and of itself considering 2020), with social distancing and safety precautions implemented. Reservations are required and tables are decently spaced apart as you might expect during covid era. 

It was an excellent space to celebrate a dear friend's birthday! The lights and decor were cute and cozy, even after the sun set - all in all, great ambiance and vibe. We generally really enjoyed the tacos and nachos, and prices are ok. We also definitely appreciated that they allowed us to bring in a cake for the birthday girl without a fee so we could enjoy a full celebration. 

The only downside to the experience was that the waiter we had was somewhat unpleasant and inattentive. He was kinda rude to my friend and so we were slightly put off initially, but other staff that we encountered were friendly and helpful. 

Overall, would visit again!
Perhaps they were just trying to do their best getting by during Covid, but the service we experienced was beneath a restaurant. We had an hour and a half to eat in the private green house, and after 15 minutes of ordering they brought out the appetizers, entrees, and drinks simultaneously. The waitress kept on barging in to whisk away our plates as soon as we put our utensils down which was extremely annoying. In fact, the waitress came to take away our plates without asking when we were still eating and there was food still on the plate! 

I understand there was a 90min time limit, but when all was said and done not even an hour had been on the clock. Disappointing because the food was good.
I was super excited to go try this place near me but honestly winter isn't the time to go they advertise a heated tent which honestly was freezing had to wear gloves while eating super uncomfortable. We felt zero heat blowing anywhere. Maybe it's a nice spot for a drink in the spring/ summer but honestly the food was just ok. I'm a die hard Mexican food fan but everything tasted americanized we tried chicken tacos and asada(beef) tacos which had no real flavor.  The sauce provided tasted like a tomato sauce instead of a cilantro lime or spice factor which they usually go together.  The chicken had zero flavor if they get a better chef more qualified for Mexican flavors and really enhance the flavor of Mexican food it would be a great place I would take all my friends to but I've definitely got more authentic tacos elsewhere in Philly. Was wishing for a better experience since this place is near me and cute but that's my truth the food was better looking than it tasted.
Juno has a very cute outdoor set-up. It's like a little oasis in the middle of Spring Garden. I've passed the spot hundreds of times on my commute and didn't realize it was there. We got there right after a rain storm but the staff was quick to dry off the seats and table. Margaritas were good. Our group shared a number of tacos - all were tasty. We got the platanos fritos. We ordered two because usually desserts are small but not this. One order could have been shared by all 4 in our party.
I love the vibes of this place. It's so pretty with the trees and lights in the evening time. The food was good but the drinks even better. The service was great as well.
The food is good but the service sucks. I probably wouldn't go back because of the service. The bartender seemed dazed and confused and constantly got the order wrong. It's a shame because the decor is nice and the food was good but they need a new staff. 

Sidenote: order everything you want at once they will never check on you
Terrible experience... I do not usually write bad reviews, but this was especially awful.

The service was terrible - very rude waitress (on top of the bad service, they mandated a 20% gratuity)

Not well catered to vegetarians at all... the vegetarian black beans have pork in them (which is not at all clear from the menu).

The location is also in a part of town that... isn't the best that Philly has to offer.

Skip Juno and take your business elsewhere
Juno is a cool spot. I love the atmosphere, drinks and service. I took off a star because the food is OK. They had a queso fundido with chorizo last year that was delicious, but I recently ordered the steak fajitas and the steak was overcooked and hard to bite through. Other than that, it's worth a trip with a partner or group of friends.
I'll start by saying that Mexican food is not for me. It's usually the cuisine I never pick. But this place was amazing. I would definitely come back with friends if they want to have good Mexican food in Philly. The service is great, the staff is friendly and they even let us put up happy birthday signs for our friend whose birthday we were celebrating. 
The guac was amazing and just perfectly blended. The chips had just come out of the pan and we didn't even realise when we finished the whole thing. Elite/esquites which their corn was so very flavourful and we could not stop eating it. Everyone loves their food. I ordered a salad with steak and the serving was so large that I had trouble finishing it. Taking out one star for the seating- super cold chairs and we were close to the entrance so that didn't help.
When I saw Juno opened I just KNEW I had to try it immediately! Reservations are required due to COVID and are very hard to get for peak hours. The only reservation I could get was 4pm on a Monday. Take what you can get, it's worth it! 

I got the chicken tacos while my friend got pork tacos. They do not come with sides so I was shocked by how tiny they looked but they were extremely filling. Seasoned well and fresh tasting. 
We also got guacamole for the table and it was pretty good. Wish they gave chips though. 

Only issue is that drinks were watery and not made right. I requested a frozen margarita but was told by my waiter that they don't start making them til later?? I got a mixed drink instead but I couldn't taste any alcohol. The mix sank to the bottom. 

VERY CUTE atmosphere!! Perfect place for photos
I popped in here for a drink around 8 pm on a weekday. It wasn't crowded. The bar reminds me of a backyard with lots of plants and greenery. It has a relaxing vibe. It's such a cute place. There's a bar and tables.  
We sat at the bar and had a margarita. The marg was a good one with just  the right  flavor combo. The server asked if we wanted sugar or salt. Always go for the salt. It enhances the flavor.  
It was nice to just sit and relax here. 


I
Definitely an amazing spot to go to hang with friends. The set up, decor and ambiance is 10/10. Great music. Friendly staff. Nice spacing of tables. Everything is great with the presentation and set up.

The food is GOOD. I'll leave it at that. It's good. It's way overpriced for what you're given, both portion and flavor. 7/10

The drinks are very good! We both agreed it was one of the best margaritas we've ever had. He got original on the rocks and I tried a frozen original as well as the blood orange frozen. Definitely go blood orange! Again, they're a bit smaller then expected. Not served in a traditional margarita class but yet a smaller glass. 8/10

Would I go back? Definitely. Would I go back solely for dinner? Prob not.
WOW! What an experience. This restaurant is a Mexican influenced modern villa of amazingness. Nick behind the bar pours some of the best tequila cocktails in Philly. The tacos are authentic with homemade tortillas. The nachos didn't lack at all. Come here, you won't be disappointed.
I came to Juno with a few friends and really appreciate everything that was done to adhere to social distancing and keeping everyone safe. There is outdoor seating available that is really beautiful and well-designed. The tables were separated far apart and it was comfortable eating there.

We got nachos for the table and we all enjoyed them. The chips stayed crispy and did not get soggy. My favorite part was definitely the pickled onions.

I got the carne asada, there are three tacos that come with a sauce. The flavor was really good combined with the sauce. I have definitely had better asadas elsewhere but overall these were pretty good and definitely filling. 

Try to check out Juno if you're looking for somewhere with outdoor dining, reservations have to be made beforehand through their website. I really enjoyed my experience here and it made dining out feel like normal again. Good food, good atmosphere, and good service!
The outdoor patio was beautiful. Service was great and food was delicious. 

We tied the guacamole, chicken enchiladas with verde sauce, tacos Al pastor, tacos pescado, and chocolate churros.

Enchiladas were really solid. Chicken well seasoned and the forward spice on the enchilada sauce was really pleasant. Made the crema more important than it can be on bland enchilada sauce. The picked onions helped cut through the richness of the sauce as well.

Al pastor was delicious. I could have eaten an entire plate. The tortillas were just OK, but the rest of the flavors made up for the limp and flavor lacking tortilla. They didn't taste like cheap tortillas, they just didn't taste as good as peak tortillas can. But again, delicious tacos worth eating over and over.

Pescado tacos were surprisingly exceptional. Not that I didn't expect them to be bad, but fried fish tacos can be soggy and pungent. These were crispy, light and flaky. Top-5 fries fish taco I've had and this wasn't even their signature item. That speaks to how good the flavors were in these tacos. 

Chocolate churros were delicious. Came three to an order and super shareable. Save room!

Also thank you to Amanda for the solid food recommendations, the great engagement and making us feel welcomed. The fun banter about our her menu expertise made it feel like I was at a friends house

Would 100% go back and suggest trying it if you're thinking about it. Reservations were easy to make and everything was set when we got there. Super smooth processes and service flo
I found Juno magically on Yelp while spending a few hours in Philly.    Run and go eat there.   The food is heavenly with freshness and flavor I haven't tasted in a long time.   I would go frequently if I lived closer.  Dress warm.  It's worth it!! I got a virgin mulled cider, fish tacos and tofu enchiladas with verde sauce.   I will be dreaming of these dishes.
Went with friends for drinks and tacos - the perfect place. Had the classic margarita pitcher, chips and guac, and chorizo tacos. I highly recommend!! The tacos were intensely delicious. Will go back and get them again. Service was so attentive and connected with us right away. The funny thing about Juno, is how much it caters to the social media millennial ‍  It is obvious - wood background, beautiful plants, vibrant colors. The restaurant is completely Instagramable. Definitely got some good pics (come camera ready!!). And we ended up on their Instagram - what's cooler than that?!
When they say Outdoor Dining, they MEAN Outdoor Dining!  No roof whatsoever!  So not the best choice for a rainy day.... Thankfully the weather held off to enjoy the fabulous cocktails and very tasty entrees. The empanadas were solid - not the best I've had, but definitely tasty.
The tacos were perfect -great mix of flavors - not too spicy but definitely filled with loads of flavor.
Service was spectacular - super friendly, gave us great recommendations for drinks and meals and desserts. The churros were a perfect finish. 
One of the greatest vibes in the city --an outdoor bar with great food and a nice vibe. Wonderfully decorated. Wouldn't know you're in the city.  Definitely a "get-again."  
I can see if the weather is nice, might be really crowded because the place has it all.
Came here for dinner yesterday during covid. An overall good experience. 

The place is almost all outdoors by design so its kind of already set up for the COVID pandemic which is nice. There are some tables outside, some inside a tent, and some inside little two person greenhouse things. Most of it feels safe enough. Tables probaby should have been a bit further apart and also wish that shared dishes came with serving utensils and plates to safely share. Everything is decorated very nicely and the ambiance is great. 

Big drink menu. I had the maple shade cocktail which was delicious! All the drinks ordered by our tablet were excellent. Lots of locally sourced spirits which was nice too. Guacamole was great as an appetizer. Also got the scallop ceviche as an appetizer and that wasn't the greatest. Tasted and looked fresh for sure but was just lacking in flavor. Had the fish tacos which were excellent. Very lightly fried cod that didn't feel too heavy. Had the chicken fajitas as well. A large serving of food with three tortillas and cotija cheese and guacamole to top your fajitas with. All the veggies were grilled perfectly and had just enough charred/carmelized bits to them to give it all a fantastic flavor. Chicken was a bit dry on its own but once you combined it with everything else it came together well. 

Server was super nice and even though it was a small table they kept it clear enough that it wasn't a huge problem. 

Great drinks, pretty good food with some standouts like the fajitas. If you're looking for a more sit down mexican food experience with drinks and such I would check em out for sure!
4/5. I've been here twice during this weird time, once on a date and once with my fam. Both enjoyable experiences. The ambiance is what makes it. Such a trendy spot for some Mexican street food. 

The food is just okay. I've gotten the quesadilla and tacos and guac and nachos and ceviche and the plantains with ice cream - damn, basically everything on the menu LOL. It's tasty but nothing to write home about. I will say SUPER affordable. 

The cocktails and margs weren't too strong, so stick to beer probably. We actually got the beer barrel which came with some house made infused tequila. I recommend that! 

I'll definitely be back for the ambiance and experience. Great date spot or spot to outdoor dine.
We came for Valentine's Day dinner and were able to get a reservation for one of the mini greenhouses. I was extremely excited! There was a space heater in the greenhouse but it was still fairly cold and I had to put my jacket back on while we ate. The food was yummy but overpriced in my opinion. I got a blood orange margarita that was tasty and ended the meal with a Mexican hot chocolate to go. I'm a vegetarian and ordered the nachos as well as a salad. They were both very good! I felt they had multiple options for me to choose from as a vegetarian. Hubby got chips and a salsa trio and wasn't a fan of the green salsa. It had a very earthy "green" taste. He did love his chicken tacos and they were able to give him a virgin Mexican hot chocolate to go! Would come again but definitely in the warmer months to be safe
okay...i'm from southern california and i was unsure about coming here because...let's be real, nothing compares to so cal mexican food. I WAS SO WRONG. we had a few margs, chips and salsa, tacos, a quesadilla, we even ordered some french fries just to try them. AMAZING. all of it. if you're in the area and wanting some really great mexican food, this is the spot
