Another healthy lunch option in Rittenhouse! Don't be frightened by the long line as it moves quickly and the employees greet you while in line to take your order. They have seasonal salads as well as classics, like Caesar. You can also build your own. They have wraps and bowls for those who want something more substantial although their salads are pretty hefty and filling! You can grab a reusable and washable bowl and receive 2 free toppings whenever you use your bowl. Most salads will run you about $8-9 - kinda pricey but better than making a poor lunch decision! 

Come if you're in a hurry and want something light, tasty and healthy.
After doing some serious retail therapy in Center City, I was in need of a quick and easy dinner. Just Salad caught my eye since it was right in the area and a cold dish was ideal for the blistering hot summer weather. Little did I know that this place was going to have me thinking twice about getting a salad when I saw the menu and all they have to offer.

Just Salad doesn't JUST have salads. They have wraps, bowls, toast boxes, soups, and smoothies too! Although I had originally set my heart on a salad, the Protein Power Toast Box was calling my name instead! This seasonal special came with two slices of multigrain toast topped with avocado mash, hard boiled eggs, grape tomatoes, and chipotle mayo dressing... and boy was it good!

The multigrain bread was thick and perfectly toasted. It was topped with a sufficient amount of avocado mash, eggs, and tomatoes. I was watching the young lady make my meal and noticed the chipotle mayo dressing was barely drizzled on. I asked her to add a little extra and she was happy to do as I pleased. :)

The Protein Power Toast Box, which came out to roughly $10, left me full and content!

Staff was very friendly, but you could tell that they are still learning and figuring things out since it is a new establishment. It took a few extra minutes for them to locate the ingredients they needed and run the computer system to process my bill.  I did notice that the staff worked well together though. They asked each other questions to keep the line moving as quick as possible. I'm sure things will move more smoothly as staff becomes better familiar with the equipment and process!

I can definitely see myself stopping in here again when I'm in Center City. I would love to try one of their salads next time. Check this place out if you're looking for a simple, casual, and healthy meal!
Awesome location in Rittenhouse across from DeBruno Bros! 
The space is much bigger than I was expecting from watching construction before the opening, it is deep and narrow and spacious. The interior is very well designed, a clean modern look with white accents, gorgeous original brick walls, and new wood floors. 
There is a host stationed at the line filling out your order on a chit you pass to the buffet line associates who fills your order. Seems like a waste of paper, unless you are ordering a complicated make your own salad. 
The host was very friendly and told me the chipotle cowboy salad was the most popular, and while the contents sounded delish, it was also the highest in calories at 510. I went with the miso ginger shrimp bowl, 420 calories. The salad was good but I was rationed exactly 5 small shrimp ($9.45), so I was a little sad about that skimpage. The salad did seem a little smaller than the Sweetgreens salad bowl, maybe because they put it in a take out bowl? My friend had a different bigger bowl on a tray for her 'eat in' salad. 
I had asked to eat IN, but they gave me a take out bowl with lid and gigantic brown paper bag, I asked them to take it out of the bag and to save the bag because I was eating IN. I am trying to save the earth, geez! Speaking of trying to save the earth, I was surprised to see a label on the trash table that the bowls are not recyclable, humm... not liking that.
These salad luncheonettes are trendy and popping up everywhere. Really happy to see Americans are getting healthier, hopefully one of these chains will branch into hundreds of franchises so a five-shrimp salad can be more affordable.
I would also love to see more biodegradable or recyclable products in this plant based restaurant. I am surprised that a farm-loving restaurant isn't taking better care of the earth.
I thoroughly enjoyed the Buffalo chicken salad with Poblano Ranch. I don't eat as much salad as I should but I definitely enjoyed my salad from here. The line moves along, my food was good, and staff is friendly...I am a fan!
This place is fantastic.  Tons of options and fresh ingredients.  Not "just salads" as the name would have you believe but also a wraps and bowls.  I started with the Buffalo chicken salad which was great and I added their crispy onions. Yummy! Their poblano ranch is heaven.  Can't wait to make this my new go to salad spot. 

If you reuse your bowl- they offer discounts.  Like $1 off or free cheese add on.  Who doesn't love cheese ??
I was actually on my way to sweetgreen and gave this place a shot because I was too lazy to walk. 

Verdict: I like it better than sweetgreen. The metallic surfaces here and compostable bowls remind me of it, but the overall ingredients just taste more fresh. More salad options, dressings are delicious, and the staff are all so friendly. 

Popular salads:
The California
Thai Chicken Crunch
Buffalo Chicken
Not just a salad place, but also has soups, grain bowls, avocado toast, and smoothies! I came here around noon and was in and out very quick. The employees here are very friendly. An employee takes your order while you are in line on paper, and then you bring your order paper slip to the bar for them to make your salad. This place is a lot faster than sweet green. I ordered The California salad and came with romaine, chicken, avo, egg whites, toasted almonds and tomatoes.
Just Salad is Just OK.  It wasn't bad and it wasn't mind-blowing.
It was a bit pricier than Saladworks but also had a few more "yuppie type" ingredients.

That said, the "California" salad I ordered (kinda like a Cobb without bacon) was romaine, chicken, tomatoes, avocado and egg whites.  The lady serving it had quite a 'tude.  Not friendly service at all.

Meanwhile I enjoined the Maple Cider (read sweet as sugar) vinaigrette.
The teeny blue plastic fork was a joke.

In the mean time I prefer other salad chains better and will not be rushing back here - however 2 of my coworkers love it so I bet - I just bet we'll be back.

Not a holy grail, but not an epic fail.

Just Salad.
Just OK.
The "California" wrap that I had was VERY good!  It didn't fill me enough, but that's okay, since I had some Tostitos stashed at work!

All of the wrap ingredients were excellently fresh - the chicken, egg whites, avocado, almond slivers, and lettuce.  YUM!

This was a rep lunch - no JS's in South Jersey yet, but if so, I'd make my own trip every now and then.
This review is just for the soup - nothing else. 

I got the chicken noddle soup and it cost $6. My cup was filled with broth, and I had a total of two noddles and a piece of chicken in there. It was really disappointing.
Stopped by today as I wandered around looking for lunch. I was a little taken back by the line and never being here before and wasn't prepared for someone to take my order when I stepped in the line. The woman writing down the orders was very nice though and I was allowed to look over a paper menu until I was ready and not lose my place in line. I decided to go with the Modern Greek Crunch Salad (cucumber, tomato, feta, lentils, pickled red onions, pita chips) and added in some grilled chicken. I was shocked how quickly the line moved and how pleasant all the works were. I am used to waiting in line for a long time at other salad places during the lunch rush. When I got back to the office I was really surprised how much I enjoyed the salad. It was the perfect amount and had a ton of flavor, I even found myself not using the dressing because it really didn't need much! 

My only complaint is that they pledge to be health conscience  and have the calorie counts on their menu but they lack all the rest of the nutritional info. For anyone who is doing a diet program it makes it difficult. I even checked their website to see if I could find full nutritional info and I couldn't. It would be great it this was added!
Where has this place been all my life? I walked from 16th and Market, where they have a sweetgreen in my building, just to give it a try. When I arrived at Just Salad there was only one person in line, well... they just opened so I figured that much. The girl at the end helped me with figuring out the menu. I built my own salad and took one piece of bread of the two they offered me (It is summer!) I would have ate there due to the ambiance and modern feel but had a meeting. They packaged me up to go perfectly with a funny napkin that says, "no fake sh*t." Well, I just took a bite and everything is so fresh and delicious! The rosemary in the bread is well worth a slice. I will be back. Sorry Duane Morris, Sweetgreen and Salad Works... Just Salad stole me today. Great service, awesome food!
Awesome! I have been wanting to try a similar concept for a while but couldn't really get myself to stand in those long lines for salad... Today a co-worker and I walked down to Just Salad and were pleasantly surprised the line wasn't out the door. The line moved quickly and they had someone standing there to take your order before you handed it over the counter.

I went with the Avo Blast toast box and added shrimp and lemon. When I got to the checkout I realized there was no shrimp on my toast so I mentioned it to the girl at the register and she quickly fixed it for me. On each piece were 4 large shrimp which is awesome! I think next time I'll request the shrimp to be chopped up or I'll just chop them up myself as it made it a little messier than intended. But whatevs because seriously this was AMAZING!

My co-worker got the Thai crunch salad and he said he was very happy with it as well. We're both stuffed! I love getting lunch under $10 and actually being full!

Let me tell you my previously favorite avocado toast is from Sunny's in Miami..very similar with the corn and pickled onion plus stone crab BUT the cilantro and shrimp from Just Salad really put this one as my top Avo-toast! Delicious in every way and healthy for a quick lunch! I will definitely be back very soon and very often! I also love the fact that they cater..I'm thinking we will do one of our team lunches from here! Hopefully they start taking delivery and online orders like their other stores! :) 

So happy this new location opened in Philly! Keep it up guys you're doing it SOOOO RIGHT!
There are multiple salad options in Philadelphia, especially if you live downtown, but Just Salad is my new go-to lunch spot (even though I live next door to honeygrow!). The selections here are what make this place stand out from the others. I, for one, am tired of the uninspiring salads at other chains (hint: sweetgreen). Just Salad brings a new perspective to the table. I had their Greek salad this weekend and absolutely loved it. If you put picked onions on anything, I am won over. I also am excited to try their Buffalo Chicken salad which miraculously has less than 500 calories. The service was particularly friendly, allowing me to sample my dressing beforehand. I was also given a free sample of a peanut butter shake at the door which was out of this world good. I don't often buy smoothies out, because I can make most at home, but at only $5.99 I would definitely consider buying these as a meal replacement or adjunct. I also appreciated that the manager seemed to be sitting with the customers doing work on his computer while people ate. It gave the feeling that this new place is open to feedback and values customer opinions. They are a welcome addition to the neighborhood!
NOT SAFE FOR ALLERGIES!!!! I placed an order through grubhub for work.  I was very clear on my order that I have an extreme allergy to gluten (among other things) and ordered a build your own grain bowl.  It came to me with no notes that any substitutions were made and so I went about eating it, only to find as I got to the end that they substituted quinoa with farro for my quinoa and lentils.  When I called the store they were less than sympathetic, the half hearted apology came with a "what do you want me to do about it" to which I suggested they at least credit me back (I'm still waiting on that credit).  The part that upsets me the most is that the "supervisor" I was speaking to also told me that he didn't know farro was wheat.  I'm really shocked and stunned that anyone who is running a restaurant in this day an age doesn't know what items in their kitchen are literally poison to millions of customers.  I can't help but warn others with serious allergies from making the same mistake and going to a restaurant, which  cannot keep them safe.  I was in tears on the phone and the "supervisor" made me feel like I was inconveniencing him, when I'm the one who will suffer for the next 6 weeks because of his ignorance. Never again!!!
So I ended up getting violently ill after eating here. Salad tasted fine but gave me food poisoning. Puked many many many times.
Move the Sweet Mama Salad to the regular menu. It's the star attraction. Staff is great. Prices are a little steep but it's lunch in center city and the portion size/greens to topping ratio is great.
So happy this finally opened in Philly! This was my go to lunch spot when I lived in NYC. It is just as good or even better as I remember!
This is a healthy option Philly desperately needed. I am so happy to have stumbled upon the friendly faces at Just Salad. Everything was so clean. The interior and the staff are so inviting; extremely customer oriented and well-staffed. This is not your average salad/ health food spot. They accommodate literally every diet; although raw foodist's are accommodated they won't have as many options (but I'm sure they're used to that; they've got plenty options though).
They have tons of different cheeses. The shrimp and meats all looked great. My salad (The Hudson Valley mix?)...It contained fresh delicious spinach, apple, pumpkin seeds, beets, broccoli, goat cheese, and the most delicious croutons. I swapped out the dressing included for the avocado one (which is awesome) gluten-free and vegan, made at Just Salad, fresh every day. In addition to swapping out the dressing...I had tofu instead of goat cheese with no upcharge (I was totally shocked, because their organic tofu is a protein....I know cheese is a protein, but I think it's a different category there). Local and organic is their thing....it's so good, like I said the food really speaks for itself. It's unpretentious and delicious. None of the food is over seasoned.
This is probably the worst place to get a smoothie at ever. I was walking down Chestnut Street, when I was enticed to try a free small shot glass sized sample. I was polite enough to stop, talk to the young lady and try a sample. Unfortunately from there my experience with the company only got worse. I came in to purchase 2 smoothies, only 2 find out they were missing fruits for each the Strawberry Banana and the Detox. I was assured they would still taste good, however they certainly did not. I gave them another try and this time I was used as a "tester" for a trainee on how to make a smoothie and it was pretty bad. Not only the taste, but the consistency was horrible. My 3rd visit was actually a great one. Bri helped me and my smoothie from her was great. 

I wouldn't go here unless you want to play "Russian roulette" with your lunch. Sad to say, but 1 good experience out of 3 isn't a good ratio. Lastly, I used my receipt to email in feedback 2 days ago and I am still yet to hear back from the company. Bad experience!
They hooked me with their chipotle cowboy salad!! It is so tasty and has become my new obsession at lunch. I like that you can purchase a reusable bowl for your salads. You then get a free item in your salad each time you reuse the bowl, which is a nice feature. I have never had to wait long even during lunch rush. Only thing is I believe the staff is still learning because it is new. I recently ordered two chipotle cowboy salads to go, neither had the cilantro on them (which i love) and only one had dressing when i asked for medium on both salads. I was already home when i realized so kind of disappointing not to have dressing on the salad. However, I am hoping this is just a fluke. Very similar to sweetgreens.
Loved it! Excited to finally check out the location as I've walked by a few times and it's been drawing me in. They have a great variety of foods which I appreciate since I'm not a strictly salad person. I did the $11 pick two special where you have the option of a salad, one avocado toast, smoothie or soup to pair. I chose the crunchy avocado toast and the avocado dreamsicle smoothie. Both were so flavorful and really hit the spot. I will be back very soon!
I've been looking for a smoothie place for a while. And this is my go-to now. I've walked by it a few times now and finally decided to go in and try it out. 

Great price point, I'd have to pay double for that near me. $6 for a yummy, filling, smoothie is so good! I get the peanut butter warrior every time. I'm going to try a salad next.
This afternoon I had a salad at your restaurant and I had to use the restroom. After checking the men's room and finding it locked I went to the counter and asked for a key. The person attending the register said if the restroom is locked that means someone is in there. Being a gender fluid person I returned to the restroom area and checked the womyns room, thankfully it was unoccupied, so I went in. Within seconds of me entering the restroom someone started banging very hard and frantically on the door. When I opened the door a very rude womyn who is a shift manager looked at me with disgust and asked very condescendingly, "Are you good?!?!"

After the incident my female presenting lunch partner asked at the register if it was ok for her to use the men's room since the womyns room was occupied. She was told, "Of course."

I'm disgusted with this treatment and will NEVER return for another overpriced, sub par salad. This is 2018, catch up. Assuming gender is a HUGE red flag!
Stopped in for lunch with a friend the other day. At 12pm the place was empty - not sure if it was because it was a holiday or because everyone was at sweetgreen.

I got a seasonal salad - the tandoori Fire - and it was just alright. Fresh ingredients and I liked the dressing (yogurt cucumber). But it was just lacking in flavor... my friend ordered the Tokyo supergreens and really regretted not ordering the dressing on the side - she didn't like it at all. Honestly, with so many great and healthy lunch options nearby, I probably won't be back.
This place is a bit hit or miss for me. The concept is great - lots of unique salad options and tons of fixings if you want to make your own - but twice now I've gotten salads from them that aren't what I've ordered. Instead of kale as a base with purple cabbage as a topping, I got a giant bowl of just purple cabbage. I ordered a salad with chicken but they skipped the protein.
All fast casual lunch spots get hectic at the rush hour, but I've never had this issue with Honeygrow or Sweetgreen. Double check what you get before you leave the building, for sure.
I ordered a build-my-own salad with kale, red cabbage, mint, jalapeños, pumpkin seeds, quinoa and tofu. Despite having an abundance of toppings, my salad was only about $10. Even though I was indecisive and my order was complicated the girl who made my salad, Nhi, was patient. The tofu was flavorful and the greens were fresh. My only complaints are that the space was tight so the line to pay merged with the dressing station, and the name is a bit misleading.
Amazing salads! Very nice staff!
We didn't wait long for lunch even if the line was long! It's moving fast.
They also have bowls and wrap!

Large choice of salads!
So happy that this place opened in Philly:
We are coming back today :)
Here it is!! Finally JUST SALAD came to Philly!Heard they are really famous in NYC.. very recommended.. all the veggies are fresh and a lot of choices of salad and dressing! Friendly manager and stuff!! You guys check this cute store of just salad and they offer you healthy good foods and not boring salad experience!! YUMmmm!! Will be back for sure! :)
Ordered a salad, and got about 20 steps out the door when my salad (which apparently had not been caked properly) burst out through the bad, pouring salad dressing all over me.  I went back in to speak with them about it, and get cleaned up.  They gave me a new salad, and some napkins, but the manager didn't come talk to me, and they didn't even offer to pay for my dry cleaning.  Just about the worst customer treatment I've gotten anywhere in Philadelphia.  Had to walk around all day looking and smelling like tahini, and pissed that I had to pay for that dubious honor, and that they didn't give a s***.
Just Salad is a great concept, but this location suffers from a few problems:
1) The area where you go to order is in the farthest, backest, darkest corner of the space. There is no signage that says "ORDER HERE." The cashier, who you encounter twenty feet before the unmarked order spot, will smile at you while you loiter for a few minutes, looking to place an order, and not offer information about beginning the transaction.
2) Likewise, the menu display of the most popular items (that is, Salads) is not the first menu you see, or even the third or fourth. It is ALSO in the backest, darkest corner of the space. This is probably a franchise-office problem, but the menus are not intuitive, and the information they present is a little inscrutable.
3) The chickpeas and beets were both improperly prepared and were almost unchewable. Again, maybe the franchise model prescribes preparation styles, but having been to NYC JS locations, I do not think this is the case.
4) For an upfront fee, you can purchase a reusable salad container, and receive a free premium topping or two essential toppings when you use it to purchase subsequent salads. By looks alone, the container appears 50% smaller than the single-use containers. Maybe they pack the salads in tighter into the reusable containers! But by optics alone, there is no incentive to buy the reusable container. 

Good idea! Location needs some serious work.
My review is for build my own salad and avocado toast. The salad is fresh and fast service. The avocado toast is great. A multi grain toast topped woth smashed avocado, corn, and I think pickled red onio. Highly recommended
I'm pretty sure this is my first review...don't bother to take the time. Typing from my extended stay on the toilet right now. Had the cheddar and broccoli soup and chipotle cowboy salad, which were just okay. Not going to aggressively go into details, but incredibly disappointing aftermath.
I got the Barbacoa bowl with brown rice and broccoli. It was a bit spicy but underwhelming in taste. My husband got the a turkey salad and it was also a bit bland in flavor.

The decor is nicely done and the staff was very friendly. 

The con is Sweet Greens is down the street and their salads are so much better in comparison.
Go to Saladworks.  I got a buffalo chicken salad... without chicken.  Enough said.  Cost me $18 after delivery.
This location SUCK! The manager/supervisor there is rude, ill-mannered and highly unprofessional. On several occasions, I've witnessed them talk bad about the customer while they were still there. The type of attitude and poor behavior they exude implies that they would be a better fit at McDonald's. What makes it worse, is that they are living up to the stigmatization of being rude and unequipped to conduct themselves professionally in a work place. It's a shame. As I always say, if you knew better, you would do better.
I thought this would be a good backup for Sweetgreen, but that is not the case. Things were going well, then they screwed up my salad and put an ingredient in that I specifically asked them not to. I ordered online and went straight back to my office, so I couldn't address while I was there. When I contacted customer service, they completely ignored me. Sweetgreen has never done that. I will not be returning.
I LOVE Just Salad. (Also, it isn't *just* salad.)  This place is a lifesaver.  No other place in Philly has so many delicious, low-cal options that are incredibly filling!
Just Salads is way overpriced based on portion size. They seriously give way to little in there already small bowls. They're salads reminds me of Chopt in Nyc which theyre no locations in Philadelphia. The difference between them and Chopt is the portion of lettuce. Chopt gives lots of lettuce. Just salads barely gives a handful. I have notice a lot of food establishment are reducing there bowl size resulting in less portions. Honey Grow on City ave no longer has the chinese food style to go white containers. They replaced them with a bowl that appeared to be a nice size , but its not deep. So your really eating off of a small appetizer plate. Just Salads has the same type bowl. I also dislike there price strategy for adding on, or ommiting and replacing items on there fixed menu salads. 
I do however like there smoothies. Your best bargain is to always get the Lunch special.
I used to like this place a lot, it's convenient to my office and home so I frequently bought in store and ordered thru grub hub. After my latest experience, I will not support this establishment again! I ordered on Grub Hub and not only did the order arrive late, but it was 100% wrong. 

I called the number listed on GrubHub and it's actually goes to a corporate number where you have to text an agent related to an issue with an order already placed! The agent was not understanding. I called again and selected to speak with customer care, the agent I spoke to could not understand how the order was wrong. I ordered a modern Greek salad which is typically lettuce, tomato, cucumber, feta and pita crisps. I received a salad with black beans, avocado and corn. I ordered a Thai chicken wrap, I received a wrap without chicken. They could not understand why I was calling and make many excuses. Finally I asked to be transferred to the store again a complete lack of acknowledgement of the issue and the attendant said "well what do you want me to do!" I asked for a refund and she hung up. Luckily, GrubHub has good customer service and they refunded me. 

Also check out this salad... Even if this was the right salad, the lettuce looks gross.
Way over priced. The person who serves doesn't specify what's extra and what's included. Never coming back

I went back again today to give the smoothies a go they a poster that said half off smoothies 3-6 pm so I decided to come back during that time. I ordered a smoothie and the lady made me wait in the whole long salad line with people who haven't decided what to order then says the promotion is over!! BUT THEN PLEASE DO NOT PUT A SIGN THAT SAYS RHE SMOOTHIE IS HALF OFF! I wouldn't have come all the way just to get a smoothie for 6$ if not. 

Terrible service. Lady just said oh yeah that's over and I told her then why is the poster there and she just looked at me! I cannot with this place! TERRIBLE SERVICE. They don't care about anything
One of my favorite places to stop since it's close to work. The worker who helped me, Maria, was so welcoming and quick! I always order the same thing and am pleased every time!
Love the customer service! Melanie and team are the best. Best smoky poblano ranch dressing ever!
This place is just blah. 

While it is a step above Saladworks, its pretty mediocre compared to Sweetgreen (which is just one block down the street).

The vegetables are sliced so small, that your salad basically consist of the base green and dressing. 

Disappointing. Save your money and go to Sweetgreen right down the street. Way better and tastier option.
Absolute garbage. This establishment scams customers by exploiting the "fresh and local" trend to sell under-sized and over-priced salads that are truly terrible. I'm actually amazed that something as simple as a salad can be so disappointing. 

On the flip side, their branding is top-notch.
I really liked just salad for a while. I love the variety and options - great avocado toast and I usually like the pick two lunch option. However, I did pick two today with the hopes of SAVING money and was blown away (jaw dropped) by the total. I did the usual medium salad and avocado toast. For the salad I added chicken which I knew would be extra. I purposely come here because they have buffalo chicken and when I ordered that I wasn't told they didn't have it, she just threw regular chicken on my Salad. I said fine since I felt it was too late to say nevermind. Then I only added 3 other toppings - was charged almost as much as the chicken to add regular cheddar cheese. I understand that some cheese should be extra but for cheddar?? My total was over $17 for something that should have been 12. I would have been better off ordering a regular salad and changing some of the ingredients. I was so shocked at the price I almost said nevermind at the register but didn't want to waste the already made food. So overpriced. Usually they ask about light medium heavy dressing (they didnt) and they put so much dressing on I could hardly eat it. I also asked if they had WiFi and was told "I don't know". Great customer service! Won't be back.
Solid place.  Another salad option in Center City.  I'm not too particular about my salad and it met my expectations for a Caesar salad.  It's similar to sweetgreen.  I like the bread that accompanies the meal (has a bit of rosemary).  I was still a bit hungry after the meal, but that's probably me after any salad lunch. 

There are other options on the menu other than salad!  Will need to come back and check some of them out.
Update - manager responded to my complaint, offering a free salad, just said to contact her for a voucher / coupon. When I responded appreciatively, she never replied back. Weeks later, still waiting. Just like at the restaurant ...
I come here atleast once a week for lunch and don't have any complaints. Only downside is it get pretty hectic when it's crowded. And they definitely kind of rush you through. Helps to look at the online menu before going. I like the chicken Caesar salad, carnitas fresco bowl, and bbq chicken salad. Their bread is pretty good too.
I tried their peanut butter warrior smoothie it was delicious. Perfect balance of everything in it.
Came for the first time today to try something with the beyond meatballs. Since it was my first time there, I had high hopes. This place needs better management and better staff training ASAP. I told the employee it was my first time and I wasn't sure of the process of ordering, how many things I got to pick, etc. She offered little help with a side of sass and I just knew I probably wouldn't be back. I asked her for a recommendation on a vegan dressing and she told me ranch, which clearly isn't vegan. The wrap was drowned in dressing. She never asked my preference for the amount of dressing which seems like a standard thing to do. I paid an extra $4.99 for the beyond meatballs and got 3. So basically paid $15 for a wrap full of lettuce. BLAH. That was my first and last time in a Just Salad. Two stars just because they have Beyond there now. If not for that, I'd give zero.
Disappointed !!! I ordered here and after I ate half of my salad I found a lady bug in it!!!!!! I guess I won't be ordering no more!
The selection is pretty good. I've been here maybe five times so far. I'll definitely go back for the wide selection, fast service and affordable prices. 

One star off for service. The young women that work there always have an attitude or some interpersonal issues happening. Today the manager was speaking quite loudly to the other employees- it was obnoxious. There was a small tiff between the girl making my salad and another one behind the counter. 

Check it out. It's a good spot if you want a quick salad to go.
First time at Just Salad. At first look, the place seemed really cool. Good atmosphere. When I got in line (only person in line) It took about two minutes for someone to come take my order. The person taking my order seemed very, very confused. He also told me certain items weren't extra charge...but they were. Which made my salad $16. The salad was average. If you are looking for a salad place... check out snap pizza and salads on Samson! Unlimited toppings and kind staff.
