In addition to the lockdown/SIP and eschewing delivered food, I've spent the past 6 weeks on an Auto-Immune Protocol Diet to aide with some long time health issues. While the AIP was not all that different from how I normally eat at home (mostly non-starchy vegetables, animal protein, healthy fats and very low glycemic fruit (once every few weeks), it was stricter. No nightshades, no chiles, no eggs, no coffee or seeds (sesame, cumin, rye, mustard et cetera), zero dairy, no sugar (honey and maple syrup are okay), no alcohol, no grains. The first week was tough and I felt lousy, but 5 weeks in-woo hoo!-do I feel one million percent better physically and mentally than I did 6 weeks ago. 

As a treat for my Spartan existence and as an excuse to get a massage, a mani/pedi and some time in Rittenhouse Square's park, I ordered some of K'Far's Breakfast Bundles on line to be shared with a few friends for a socially distanced picnic. 

Ordering is very simple and if you don't have Venmo (I don't), you don't need it nor do you need to download anything onto your phone. You pick your items from their site, ordering starts every Wednesday, you specify the day and time you will pick up, your order is confirmed via e-mail and you are told to arrive at the specified time, call the K'Far number, give your name and your order will be brought out to you. Easy, right?

I finished with my sybaritic activities a bit early, so I took a slow walk to S. 19th St. and called in to pick up. The patio is open for dining but it's tiny; however, you can order at their window, take away or eat there, assuming you can get a table. Of course, depending on your arrival time and what's been pre-ordered, some things may be already sold out. Everything was socially distanced/anti-COVID compliant with 6 feet markers for the order line, masked/gloved servers and runners and recyclable to go containers with no napkins or utensils. That caused me to have to text the folks I was meeting, asking them to supply that portion of the picnic, but I had no issue at all that K'Far didn't provide these things in my order. 

For our picnic, I ordered the Boreka Bundle (3 borekas-potato, feta and swiss chard with cheese), the Jerusalem Bagel Bundle with 2 spreads (4 bagels and in our case, za'atar butter and vegetable cream cheese), a Mushroom Kubaneh Toast and 2 slices of walnut cake. My fellow diners were bringing iced coffee, fresh juice, cold seltzer and iced masala chai, though I could have purchased tea and coffee drinks from K'Far had I wished. 

I waited on the sidewalk for about 10 minutes for the order and enjoyed being outside in the sun and people watching. 98% of the people passing by and waiting to order were masked. Diners, of course, were not but if one had to go inside to use the toilet, a mask was required. A pleasant runner called my name, handed me my full bag of fresh, warm, fragrant food and I was off to The Square. 

The borekas were just okay. We could see but not taste the potato in one. It was very flakey and covered in everything bagel topping. The feta boreka was light on the very mild feta. The winner, if there had to be one, was the cheese (kashkaval) and swiss chard. Stina, to our tastes, does a better boreka. 

The bagel bundle was quite a hit. These are not your typical New York bagels. Jeruslem bagels are in a class by themselves. They are oval, covered in sesame seeds, and have airy innards. Not at all dense and heavy. The 2 spreads were marvelous and we couldn't decide which was a better choice. The cream cheese was light, not whipped, but not the dense Philadelphia stuff one generally gets with bagels. I won't say if anyone in the group used their fingers to get all of the left over spread that didn't make it to the bagels. 

The Mushroom Kubaneh Toast is a rich, HEAVY dish. The bread is thick, tasty and holds up well to the thick layer of urfa pepper mascarpone and the heap of oyster, shiitake and mitake mushrooms crowning it. We all split this one order and doing so did not make any one of us feel at all deprived. If you order this and plan to eat it alone, consider it a meal in itself. One order for one person would be extremely filling. 

We all ate to satiation then stretched, yawned, rested, chatted, drank our cold drinks and basked in the dappled, green light of the park before finally tucking into the walnut cake. 2 of the party expressed disappointment that I did not order the Pastry Box, to which I replied OINK OINK, but when we divied the walnut cake, it was unanimously agreed that these dense cake slices were an excellent and fitting 'after' for all we'd previously consumed. I love walnuts; in this cake, just barely sweet and very well textured, the walnuts shine. It was superb with our iced coffee. 

Don't get any combo of these bundles/dishes expecting a bargain breakfast. (The toast alone was $12-but rightly so...) The ingredients are high quality and none of us went into a junk food coma post consumption.
When the man (Michael Solomonov) can make Zahav become the number one restaurant in all of America with his mind blowing traditional Israeli cuisine. Mr. Solomonov is also hitting you with those donuts. Yes, I said donuts that everybody loves, that has an unbelievably flavorful rush hitting your taste buds. Always warm, always fresh from the oven amazing donuts, with that double fried chicken known as Federal Donuts. That is the perfect combination, a one, two punch to the taste buds if you ask me. So with that impressive resume (partial, there is more to him) we surely can expect K'Far to be nothing short of spectacular.  

Alright my Yelp family I guess you would like a little more information than a "Just go in there, he knows what he is doing", so  let us dive into this review as I scream Mazel Tov! 

What to get if you are wondering? How about ALL OF IT! There is no wrong decision by the way, plus this will give you another reason why you should return. I know I plan on making frequent trips to K'Far. 

- Jerusalem Bagel ~ I went with the egg and cheese , and this was simply on point my friends. This bagel panini style has so much flavor to it with the herbs and spices all baked into it.This is a must, I could've devoured three more of these if it wasn't for my family wanting and waiting to experience what I was. Yes, there is no shame to my game.

- Brown Sugar Kubaneh Toast ~ Words can not describe the amounts of pleasure I was experiencing with this. This had a ricotta spread over top, a blueberry type of compote drizzled all over it, with a fig sitting on top. Simply delightful. 

Now when you enter K'Far, if that heavenly aroma isn't making you go crazy, their enticing desserts display will. This is where you separate the fools from the diabetics. 

- Pistachio Sticky Bun ~ The Pistachio Sticky Bun is the ruler, the godfather to them all. I'll kneel down now and kiss the ring. Just prepare yourself for an euphoric bliss once you've bitten into this sticky decadent sensation. 

Mr. Solomonov, you must have the blueprint to winning, because you did it again my friend. In all I will clearly be returning to experience more from K'Far and their delights. I highly recommend this amazing establishment, where everything is a must order.

I am Nando, and I approve this message.
As a rule: I've never reviewed a place within its first week of opening. But, I'll make an exception for Camille Cogswell. The talented Ms. Cogswell, whose superlative desserts have given us yet another reason to visit Zahav.

There's good reason to my discipline. The first few weeks of a bakery or restaurant are hardly ever reflective of what's it capable of. No such worries at K'Far. No apparent operational kinks. The service and execution is top notch! Mike Solomonov is personally present and bridging the kitchen with the client. You can see Camille walking around with the bemused smile of someone who's still not reconciled with her celebrity. The GM is cheerfully handing out menus to those waiting in line, warmly greeting those entering, and delivering the inventory reports of the latest item the cafe has run out of. I've ribbed her as "the bearer of bad news", and she mostly took it well... mostly.

Speaking of the items they run out of: in my experience, on weekdays, they're out of the pistachio bun by ~ 9 am, and the mini-babka by 9:15-9:30 am (cafe is open 8 am -2 pm currently, dinner service to follow later). These are the two most popular items, in order (though I prefer the texturally complex chocolate Babka with its accent of orange over the pistachio sticky bun - and expect my view to become the popular consensus in coming weeks). The next to run out will be two of the four Borekas (the flakier Feta usually goes first, and is my favorite). The Rugelach (my favorite of all their desserts!) are the next most popular item, but they'll be gone by 10 am. A couple behind me in line tried to guilt me that they'd come all the way from Nashville, hoping to warm my heart before I took the last available ones... (I left them 2). You can safely count on the availability of the Jerusalem bagels. I'd rank the egg and cheese highest, followed by the grilled cheese and then the Basturma.

If you're picking the optimal time to visit, I'd recommend 8:45 - 9:00 am on weekdays: popular items haven't yet run out, and the wait is minimal as the 8 am crowd (that's been waiting in line since 7:30 am) has already been served. Expect to wait in line 40 minutes on the weekend, initially.

If there's a weak link - and I'm stretching here to illuminate an area for improvement - it would be the coffee drinks section. My espresso drinks have been delayed, not been called out when ready, or have been served lukewarm on 3 of my 4 visits. The superbly spiced Yemenite Latte is excellent (and pairs off nicely with the grainy texture of the walnut cake), but it's not been served hot... twice.

So far, K'Far is mostly winning hearts.
Somolov doesn't disappoint with this tasty new addition to his collection of restaurants!

Came here for a late Saturday brunch and things were as expected - light, bright, and breezy! The location is next to all the other Rittenhouse action so parking is tight but can be found! We had come during a decent weather day so parked a few blocks north and took the walk down. The decent weather also was good to show that the place has outdoor seating as I noticed the outdoor furniture was out when we walked up. 

Inside, the entryway is long and then opens up nicely after getting past the initial service counter. It's a bit awkward on the ordering process, the line has to bend a little back and forth in order to not get too crowded,  but once done ordering, it's self seating and service to your spot. We sat at the bar which worked out great, but would like to try their tables next time. The self seating option is nice, but can stay crowded longer with people lingering (ourselves included.) 

For food, they were out of the Jerusalem bagel (:\) when we went, so we chose their avocado toast (with labneh, pickled persimmon, and dill), an order of their kale tabbouleh, some coffees (they were out of the Yemenite latte), and their Turkish Garden mocktail.

Service was pretty easy. Everything came out quickly and was savored up just the same! We appreciated the speediness and the wait staff were great on keeping our water glasses full and even topped off our coffees. The food was solid and we really liked that we got to taste a little bit of all the different flavor profiles.

I liked that there were multiple vegetarian options available on their brunch menu. This is likely when we would possibly return. Their dinner menu doesn't look to have too much for vegetarians. I do wish that we got to try the better known options but hoping we have the chance next time! 

Overall - enjoyed the food and the service, looking to head back and try a few more things!
To be honest, I had avoided K'Far because I'd heard about long lines and I am not about the line life. One weekday morning I was out for an early walk with my husband and we ended up in K'Far's vicinity, so decided to pop over. There were only a few people waiting for orders so the timing worked out perfectly! 

We ordered two egg and cheese Jerusalem bagel sandwiches, a hot coffee and a tehina chocolate chip cookie. My only wish was that I had the foresight to order more sweets to-go. The egg sandwiches were perfect! The bread was absolutely incredible, and the egg to cheese ratio was just right. The chocolate chip cookie that we shared at home later was delicious. 

The good news is you can also place pick-up orders online which will soften the blow if there are any major lines happening. I'll be scheming my next visit for sure!
Really wonderful restaurant from the pastry chef at Zahav that is a worthy entry into the Solomonov ouvre. We were seated quickly, they were happy to add an extra person we didn't have a reservation for and a staff member even remembered me from a past Zahav visit and greeted me by name- just excellent service.

Apps here were a real star. We had the caviar with the Jerusalem bagel which was delightful as well as the nicely spicy baked feta. The foie gras might be one of the most interesting and delicious expressions I've ever had. It comes in thick toast with a sweet drizzle that almost makes it feel like a chocolate foie gras cake.

Entrees were fab. The t'bit was fun and unique, the lamb was delicious and falls of the bone and the steak was recommended as the secret star of the menu and man it sure was. Desert was well done as well- a Turkish coffee ice cream that came with the almond cake was the big star.
Mike Solomonov has done it again. I came here on a Saturday morning around 8:05am (they open at 8am) and there was already a huge line. I ended up waiting for about 25 minutes, but it was worth it. The space is lovely with absolutely gorgeous decor.

I got a Yemenite Latte (with ginger, cinnamon, and cardamom) that was amazing. I also got an Egg and Cheese Jerusalem Bagel (egg, cooper sharp cheese, and schug). Egg and cheese bagels are already a thing of beauty, but this took them to a whole new level. The sesame Jerusalem bagel was nice and crispy, and the flavor of the whole sandwich was just stunning. 

I also got a Chocolate Babka and Pistachio Sticky Bun to-go, which I ate later in the day. Both were delicious, but the Pistachio Sticky Bun was especially yummy. I can't wait to come back and try some of the toasts and other pastries!
K'far, with its jewel-toned tiling and gold accents, truly feels like a treasure box of buttery baked goods. After trying their pastries a few times (by mooching off those who braved the line), I finally visited myself early on a weekday morning and the experience did not disappoint.

Here are my favorite things so far: 
1. The pistachio bun ($4): I could probably eat this every day - the dough is decadent, but with enough aeration that it does not feel heavy at all, and the pastry is not too sweet with pistachio as the dominant flavor.
2. The basturma Jerusalem bagel ($11): basically tastes like pastrami sandwiched between dense, completely sesame-coated, slightly charred bagel halves, and I'm here for it.
3. The smoked trout toast ($10): the smoked trout has some intense flavor! I wished I had gotten to try more bites of this one. 

The rugelach, babka buns, avocado toast, cheese borekas, and swiss chard borekas were all enjoyable as well. (Also, it feels crazy to say this, but $8 for avocado toast is a steal in Center City.) When I first sampled the borekas, the people who brought them received them with zhoug and tomatoes on the side, but when I went a week later, I did not receive these sides, which was a little disappointing, especially because the zhoug (spicy herb paste) is so good! I'm also not crazy about the tahini chocolate chip cookie, which I think could stand to be baked for a minute or two less, but I'm definitely in the minority on that one.

The coffee here is also excellent - they use a robustly flavored blend from Queen Village's Ox Coffee. The seating is ample, with gorgeous cafe seating in the back and a long communal table in the front that was completely unoccupied when I visited. So far, I can say K'far is aptly named - it means "village" in Hebrew, and if the long lines and high praise are any indication, the whole "village" of Philly has fallen in love with them.
I met a friend in Philly for a day this weekend, and K'Far Cafe was our first stop for breakfast! We ordered a smoked salmon Jerusalem bagel (smoked salmon, cream cheese, scallions, and capers), a pistachio sticky bun, a Yemenite latte, and a Sachlav cappuccino. Everything was delicious, but the Jerusalem bagel might be the single best bite of food we had in our 24 hours in Philadelphia! I liked that you could order online using a QR code from a table, and the service was fast. The restaurant was beautiful. As non-locals, we found street parking almost impossible to find nearby on a Saturday morning around 8:30/45. Maybe if we were locals, we would have known all the tricks to find closer parking, but we circled and tried different streets until we found a metered spot a few blocks away. A great, quick breakfast. I'd happily return on my next quick trip to the city!
I've been yearning to try one of Mike Solomonv's restaurants especially after his James Beard award for Zahav in Philadelphia.  I read all of the glowing reviews for K'Far and happened to be in Philadelphia on a warm afternoon and decided to try it.  A lot of the reviews stated that they waited over an hour to get in but when we arrived on a Wednesday around 2PM the place was nearly empty.  We decided to eat outside.  The inside of the place was really aesthetically pleasing with a cool modern decor.  The outside was just a few tables outside and nothing special but we really came just for the food.

We weren't sure if they offered waiter service or what the deal was so I walked inside and asked the counter person.  She explained that they don't have physical menus and that you just seat yourself and scan the QR symbol, fulfill your order online and a waiter will bring out your food.

We put in our order but it was a bit of a struggle because the online menu service they use was quite buggy (freezing up, wiping out the cart, etc.).  However, after several attempts we were able to get our order in.  We noticed the taxes on the order were 18% and thought it was just another problem with the app so I went inside to ask about it.  The manager came over and explained that the Philadelphia tax was 8% and the ordering service charges another 10% which goes to them and is out of their control.  In addition they add another 10% service charge.  At the end of the day you are paying 28% between tax and service on top of the bill. 

The food was fantastic and unique.  We were a party of 4 and ordered 2 Jerusalem bagel grilled cheeses and 1 Jerusalem bagel with smoked salmon and capers.  A Jerusalem bagel is not your traditional boiled and baked rounder.  It's a thin oval shaped baked bread covered in sesame seeds.  It's actually delicious and definitely different than anything I've ever eaten.  We also ordered an Arabic salad which was dressed perfectly and had a crumbled, soft feta that tasted like a cross between goat and feta among other delicious ingredients.  We also ordered a Kale salad that was finely chopped and had squash, pine nuts, shaved fennel and more....equally delicious.  

For drinks we tried the fresh brewed unsweetened citron ice tea and berry iced tea which were great.  We also had a coffee that was notable as well.  All in all, this was delicious and filling.

One thing to note is that if you sit outside like we did you may experience "street people" wandering into the outdoor area asking for money as we saw.  We also had a guy wander in and start yelling and cursing which made the experience a bit uncomfortable for everyone in our party.  I would definitely not sit out there again especially since it's so nice inside.

The bill after surcharges was over $76 so it was a bit pricey for what it was (3 drinks, 3 bagels, 2 salads).  However, the food was so good I will certainly return again.
It's worth the long line. 

The Jerusalem Bagel with butter and za'atar was decadently buttery and flavorful. Absolutely loved the Yemeni latte, which had so many spices and yet wasn't overpowering. I didn't even bother adding sugar, it had a slight hint of sweetness. 
Got the Chocolate Rugelach and Pistachio Sticky Bun for later and wasn't disappointed either. I'm going back soon to try some of their entrees.
This is a Philly must try breakfast location!! 

Lovely cafe with unique selections. I absolutely love their Yemenite Latte... it's so good, however you can't substitute milk with almond/soy milk on this item since the milk is infused with the spice. Had to take a lactaid pill with it but wow, so worth! I would drink it religiously if it wasn't so pricy. 

If you come on a weekend to dine in or order drinks, be prepared to wait for a bit. However some of the pastries are already pre-made so you can grab and go and the line isn't usually too long for that. I also came on a weekday morning and no lines at all. Would recommend coming during the week if you can to avoid the crowd. 

I haven't had the dine in experience yet, but their pistachio sticky bun and pea and leek borekas are amazing!!! Can't wait to slowly try everything on their menu
Arrived at 9:45am today, and the line was so long and moving so slowly that I was not able to place my order until 10:50am. When I approached the counter, I was told that they had run out of babka, pistachio sticky buns, cookies, and most of the other pastries, in addition to the egg and cheese bagel which was disappointing after waiting over an hour to say the least...

That being said, once I placed my order, the food arrived at my table within 5 minutes. The kitchen is very quick, and the Grilled Cheese Bagel, Rugelach, and Yemenite Latte were fantastic. I would love to go again, but I unfortunately will not until they figure out a better ordering system. 

Overall, great food and ambience. Terrible ordering system and wait time.
Spicy take alert: I wish I liked K'Far more, but after multiple visits and even more pastries, I firmly believe it is overhyped.  Everything tastes decent, but not enough to be amazing.  The chocolate rugelach and potato borekas are my personal favs, but I wouldn't battle the morning rushes for them.  The breakfast items (bagels and toasts in particular) I find subpar in flavor and texture.  The interior itself is very cute, but I find myself looking elsewhere for breakfast.
Overall: 4.5 stars

Delicious food that's a bit on the heavier side, but worth it! During this pandemic, K'far offers take out on Thursdays-Sundays, which you can order online or in person. They have a small outdoor dining area as well. I ordered a few of their menu items the other day, and we all enjoyed the food. Our favorite was most definitely the Jerusalem Bagel with Eggs and Cheese - something about that combination was absolutely delicious and will definitely be back for. Their Yemenite Latte, Pistachio Sticky Bun, Brown Sugar Ricotta Kubaneh Toast, and Borekas also come highly recommended. Unfortunately, the Yemenite Latte cannot be substituted with another milk, but they do sell just the spices used for the latte, which you can make at home. It was a bit like chai, but more cardamom-tasting and I enjoyed it. Their Brown Sugar Ricotta Kubaneh Toast with blueberry drizzle and figs was also delicious, but the salted butter tasted a bit too sharp and was a bit distracting from the sweet ricotta/blueberry drip. However, my bf's family loved that one - equally with the bagel with eggs! Borekas are a puff pastry stuffed with different types of cheese and potatoes/greens/etc - tastes delicious and fluffy when toasted! The Pistachio Sticky Bun is very sweet, plenty of pistachio, coated with an orange blossom syrup - enjoyed it, but orange blossom was also a bit distracting for me and perhaps just not my taste. 

Parking: Only street parking available.
TIP: If you want to try their baked goods/pastries this week, get here when they open at 8 am!! We arrived at 8:45 am, and after waiting in a looong line for 30-40 min, everything had sold out except three different baked goods (chocolate chip tehina cookies, walnut cake, and Swiss chard boreka) :'( Hopefully as the weeks go on their pastries will be available even later in the day!

K'Far officially opened today (7/31/19) right behind Target, just a couple blocks from Rittenhouse square. They are operating as an all-day cafe from 8 am-2 pm for now, and carry Israeli baked treats in a serene and relaxing ambience with the warmest/nicest staff ever.

We tried the Tehina cookie, Swiss chard boreka, salt-roasted beets Kubaneh toast, and Yemenite latte. I LOVED the salt-roasted beets Kubaneh toast. It tasted like the incredible Salatim beets dish at Zahav, but on top of warm Kubaneh bread -- HIGHLY recommend!! The Swiss chard boreka was delicious too, it was savory/oniony and reminded me of a spinach croissant. The Yemenite latte is a must try. It had a strong cardamom aroma and very unique spicy flavor (but reaaally good). The chocolate chip cookie was on the dry/crispier side with a subtle Tehina flavor.

The back area of K'Far also has an open kitchen where you can watch the chefs cook behind a glass wall. I got to watch the incredibly talented chefs, including Executive Chef Camille Cogswell work her magic! This place is so beautiful and already one of my favorite cafes in Philly. I can't wait to be back to try more! :-)

Update 8/3/19: Came back to try a few more menu items! This time we came at exactly 8 am and still had to wait 30 min to order (!!) but there were many pastries left. The potato boreka filling tastes like curry-flavored mashed potato and is delicious!! The boreka complet ($6) comes in a platter with a side of tehina (omg so good), and the schug was very hot/spicy. The jam & sweet cheese boreka had apricot jam, was pretty sweet, and would be a nice dessert. The chocolate pastries are light and not overly sweet, kind of like in Asian-style pastries.
Ok K'far is Philly's newest hot spot from
The creators of zahav. This place has the ambience of an upscale Mediterranean wine bar, with the laid-back vibe of Philly!! 


The appetizers and breads alone were remarkable. The main entrées were a little underwhelming for those who might not be a fan of vegetable stews but overall a five out of five experience. I keep Zabihah / halal so defaulted to all the pescatarian options and they didn't disappoint. 

They do tend to have a wait list on the weekends so highly recommend reservations!!

Great for date night or girls night, coffee, lunch or dinner. Jerusalem bagels and moussaka on point and the service was very attentive and immaculate
My best friend lives in Philly and I was recently in town for her 40th birthday. It was a real treat to have an entire weekend to myself, and I asked her where I should wander to for breakfast (I was staying at the Windsor Suites.) She started raving about the breakfast sandwiches at K'Far, so I bookmarked it for the next morning.

When I first walked up, I was SHOCKED at how busy it was. There were probably 25-30 people standing outside waiting for to-go orders. I thought that was going to be the route I had to take, so I was so surprised and happy when the hostess told me that there was an open table inside. 

The breakfast sandwich was as good as my BFF promised. I went with the egg and cheese Jerusalem bagel, and it was absolutely incredible. It was thin, crunchy, flavorful, and the cheese was out-of-this-world good. I also loved the cold brew and my Turkish breakfast cookie.

This was a true highlight during my weekend in Philly. Also, the entire staff was so welcoming. I can't say enough good things!
K'far is a very welcomed addition to the Rittenhouse area! The high ceilings, lighting, and decor are beautiful. If I could, I would easily spend the whole day there sipping lebanese coffee with a book.

All the food is incredible! Make sure to go ideally before 11am if you want your full choice of pastries, as they run out quickly! The pistachio sticky bun is my favorite of the sweet pastries. The potato boreka is my favorite savory pastry; perfectly flaky with a curry-like flavored filling. The smoked salmon jerusalem bagel is fantastic, though admittedly $12 is a hefty price for it. The grains & salads are some of my favorites as they are all incredibly flavorful. I've loved each one I've tried, particularly the quinoa taboulleh salad with the avocado and the mujadara (smoked salmon). All in all, some of the best food and ambience in the area!
Near, K'far, wherever you are, I believe that you should come here.

I'm not one who likes to go back to places a lot but lately every time someone asks me where I want to go for lunch, it's here. I've tried several of the grain bowls (the salmon is a standout) and bagels (they are fried like paninis), most of the borekas, the avocado toast (perfect) the pistachio sticky bun (which is amazing and sells out early so get there in the earlier side to guarantee you can get it) and I can never resist the 3 for $5 rugelach, which is absolutely incredible. The yemeni latte is delicious too!

For lunch, you line up and order at the front, they will give you your drinks and pastries (or borekas) and then give you a number for your food and a server will bring that out. It's pretty fast, but the line can get long around prime lunch time so if your time is limited I'd suggest getting there before 12. You can serve yourself water and help yourself to utensils and then bus your own table. I've mostly sat outside which is nice in the warmer months but a bit cumbersome to bring all your utensils and water out there. I'm very much looking forward to trying dinner here!

Just go. Get anything. It's all good.
The pastries are good. So good in fact that I let go of all my dietary goals to have some. And by some I mean pretty much one of everything. And yes, the hype is real. Everything i had--from babka to boreka--was just so.darn.good. 

I would say the biggest issue now is availability. It will be awesome when the opening hype dies down a bit and I will be able to stroll over for an afternoon rugelach (or 2!). Instead now, get there by opening. Otherwise the line is out of control, and there's the fear of sold-out-ness. 

My standouts? The Jerusalem bagel. When I saw it I was like, why is it so flat? Why are there not more fillings? But it packs an amazing flavorful punch. The borekas are delicious-savory pastry amazingness. 

So go. And for now, go early. And bring some friends, or a big empty belly, to try everything.
Michael Solomonov has done it again with this wonderful new cafe in Rittenhouse! My friends and I opted for late night dining, as reservations for groups of 3 or more are hard to come by nowadays due to their popularity. Our server informed us that they ran out of the Harissa chicken and the sour cherry lamb, and my one friend was very disappointed, as he really enjoyed the dish the last time he dined with K'far. However, it did not really dampen our dining experience, as we ordered a number of wonderful dishes to share. 

To start, we ordered the baked feta, the foie gras toast, and instead of dessert, I asked for the konafi as an appetizer. 

Baked Feta - The baked feta appetizer is a block of warm feta, served with a harissa sauce. The harissa is spicy and flavorful, but I personally thought that the feta was way too salty. 

Foie Gras Toast - Thick cut Kubaneh toast drizzled with sweet molasses and topped with scoops of cold foie gras. I'm a general fan of all things sweet, savory, fatty and buttery. This was a decent appetizer, although I think the foie gras would've been an even more wonderful pairing with the toast if it was served warm, rather than cold. 

Kanafeh - This traditional melted cheese dish is typically served as a dessert. I asked for the Konafi as an appetizer, so that my dining companions would get a chance to try this before they got too full for dessert. Melted cheese covered in a crispy noodle-like pastry, topped with a beautiful syrup - can't get any better than that. 

As for the main courses, we ordered the salmon, the T'bit, the freekah "risotto", and the ribeye cap to share. 

Salmon - The salmon skin was delicate and crisp, and the fish was cooked perfectly. The salmon laid on a bed of mujadara rice. If I was dining alone or with one other person, I would say that this portion is a bit small. I had no complaints since there was a group of us and we were sampling everything. 

T'bit - This is a comfort meal for sure. It was a rice casserole filled with braised beef and vegetables, encased in grape leaves and served with a bed of dressed romaine. However, I think the dish could've used more flavor, because I found mostly rice and not enough other filling in the dish. 

Freekah "risotto" - If you are are a fan of mushrooms. I highly recommend this. I love the texture of rice and nuts, and I loved the roasted pumpkin topping. 

Ribeye Cap - I saved the best for last. This was my favorite dish of the evening. We received four portions - enough for each of us to have a sampling of the flavorful, tender beef. I highly recommend this. The caramelized fennel was a wonderful accompaniment to the beef. 

For dessert, we ordered a malabi custard, as this is my favorite dessert at Zahav. While the presentation is more casual, it did not take away from my rose-flavored custard, topped with a sweet jam and almond brittle. 

The kitchen generously gave us a wonderfully tart guava sorbet topped with fresh pomegranate and coconut shavings, as well as a warm chocolate babka with ice cream. We really appreciated the service and the complimentary desserts. Overall, I was torn between 4/5 stars. I would say this is more of a 4.5 star experience. I knocked off a star, because some of the dishes missed the mark a little on seasoning, and I realized that most of our dishes contained some form of rice. I'm Asian, I love rice, but at some point, we felt like it was a bit much. I will definitely have to come back for their breakfast pastries! Overall, I highly recommend K'far for dinner!
I've only gotten take-out from K'far post-covid, so I fear that most of these comments may not be applicable to those who can dine nearby or with heaters. 

I was able to pre-order a few bagels, sandwiches, and salad online, knowing how quickly they sell out. I showed up on time and picked up the order without issues, although, as you can imagine, most of the food was cold after a 20min commute. However, my family loved the flattened bagel sandwiches, the smoked salmon was a bit on the extra salty side, but the puff pastries were on point! I did not try out the sticky buns, but heard great things.

As far as bagels go, K'far is a bit expensive, but if you're a bagel enthusiast, K'far is worthwhile place to visit if you have time and a little extra cash to spend for brunch.
I came to K'Far for dinner and had such a good experience that I decided to come back the next day and try some of their daytime offerings as well. Service was excellent for both night and day. 

Night - I had the lamb shank, medium-rare, and it came topped with pistachios, saffron and rose petals. It was the most beautifully plated lamb shank I've ever had, and it tasted amazing too. The portion was large enough that I think I could have had leftovers, but since I was pretty hungry and also travelling, I ended up eating the entire dish. Definitely would get it again. My guest ordered the mushroom risotto and it was very flavorful and a great option that is also vegan.

Day - I ordered a latte with oat milk and tried the pistachio sticky bun. The latte was great and I am not a sticky bun person typically, but the pistachio option was intriguing. The staff kindly threw in a fruity turnover pastry of some kind, and I actually thought that was amazing and would buy on my next visit. I would return whenever I am back in Philly.
I was so excited to try this place out, when I first heard about it. We were here on a weekday morning at 9am, and waited in line for 30 minutes. It seems like everyone was getting their orders to go, cuz there were plenty of seats available. By the time it was our turn to order, all the pastries were still available. I can imagine the place to be even more crowded and busier during the weekend, and pastries to quickly run out. We got the chocolate rugelach, which you had to buy 3 of. They're pretty much lil chocolate croissants and too sweet. The 2 borekas that we tried - swiss chard and Bulgarian feta, are puff pastries stuffed with swiss chard and Bulgarian feta cheese; they were okay. We also shared the pistachio sticky bun and mini chocolate babka. The pistachio sticky bun was probably my favorite out of all the pastries we tasted at K'far Cafe, it was nutty, slightly sweet, and had a certain je na sais quoi about it. Lastly the chocolate babka tasted similar to the chocolate rugelach, they're both made with the same chocolate except the pastry was different. All the pastries were good, but were they worth waiting in line for 30 minutes? Probably not.
I stopped by late evening,  grabbed a seat at the bar. We tried a snack from their dinner menu. The whipped feta and figs was fresh and had good flavor. A good appetizer or snack. The portion was good for 2-3 people. 

We also tried a dessert from their dinner menu. I was interested in trying the Konafi  and I wasn't disappointed. It is so delicious.

The pastries I have see online look amazing but they do not have them for sale while they are serving dinner. The space isn't large but it is airy and bright. They have a full bar as well. Looking forward to stopping by another time.
My first visit to K'Far was a bit of a D'saster, as I showed up late for the race at 10 AM and after. 45 minute wait left empty handed and empty bellied, as all of the pastries had sold out and lunch had not yet started. I did meet the GM and she's really cool but I was really hungry so i headed to South Philly and devoured a plate of BBQ to make up for it. But I digress. My second visit started with the long wait again (and oddly another talk with the GM who remembered me from visit number one and told me that they are increasing pastry production every day and are baking well into the night). This became evident at the end of the line when I was greeted by endless pastries, borekas, babkas, and sticky buns. Food glorious food. Too many choices so I literally ordered enough food for four people (and strangely ate most of it that evening). The chocolate babka was delicious and had a slight orange essence to it. Even better was the pistachio sticky bun that left me wanting more. Oh those rugelach are really small, so I might as well eat them too. The best I have ever eaten...so yummy. And why not eat that slice of walnut cake too? It was so sublime yet complex that every bite I ate started with one flavor and then something else popped up on my palate. Fortunately I interpreted that as a warning sign that maybe I should save the other babka and sticky bun for the next day lest I blow up like the next Veruca Salt. 

My advice is to go early and go often.
My friends and I stopped by around 9:30 am on a Sunday thinking we could avoid some of the crowds. How naive of us as this place is definitely crowded at all hours!

All I can say is this place lives up to the hype. We tried a bunch of menu items. The Jerusalem bagels are deliciously crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. Both the butter/zaatar and the egg/cheese ones were perfect. The smoked trout toast was a large portion although quite salty (a given when you're eating smoked fish though). 

I loved the Yemenite latte. The cardamom flavor is strong, and the latte itself was so creamy but not too sweet. The plain latte was equally delicious and creamy.

Although the crush of crowds remind me of the NYC subway at rush hour, this place is well worth the wait!
I went to K'Far for dinner last night and my rating is bumped to 5 stars...if not more. I made a reservation for 6 pm and I was seated on time. I was waiting for my friend, and while I waited I got a drink and chatted with the server about her food recommendations. She was attentive, and very helpful in assisting me to decide what we should order. When my friend arrived, we ordered almost right away (she was very trusting of our server's recommendations).

We got the whipped feta, cauliflower, and basturma and melon. Everything was next level great. We shared the T'bit for two for our entree. I was so excited by this dish. The flavors and textures were perfectly right.

We were debating which dessert to get, and as a very thoughtful and not necessary gesture, our server sent us over a complementary one. None of the desserts disappointed - I recommend the malabi and rugelach french toast so you can dip one into the other!

Will definitely be returning to K'Far!!!
Expect to wait about 20 minutes in line and another 20 minutes for your food.  But it was well worth the wait.  We got here at 8:05am on a Thursday (they open at 8) and there was already a line.  It took about 10-15 minutes to get through the line.  The staff was very friendly once we reached the counter.  

I ordered the Avocado Toast and my friend ordered the egg & cheese bagel.  Both were amazing and as I said before, well worth the wait.  The toast wasn't like any avocado toast I've had before.  It was a bit softer but packed with so much flavor.

Even though, standing in line is not ideal - I will definitely come back!
I know I'm not the target market for an Isreali cafe like K'far, but I have always read good things about it and figured I'd give it a try. I placed a lunch order for pick-up. It was crowded inside when I got there so I glad I was just picking up. I went out of my comfort zone and ordered a Smoked Salmon Jerusalem Bagel and two Pistachio Sticky Buns. The sandwich was on a really tasty bagel but the smoked salmon was just OK. It's not something I would go back for in this city full of great sandwich options. I was really looking forward to the sticky bun. It was good, but slightly disappointing. It seemed a bit overcooked as the outer layer was a bit harder than I would have liked. But pistachios on a sticky bun actually make for a good combination. Unfortunately, I cannot agree with all the 5 star reviews for K'Far.
Anytime you go to a cafe or restaurant that's just opened--first day of service was July 31--you have to expect a few hiccups. In my case, the hiccup was that the dessert menu listed on the website won't actually be available until they start serving dinner in the coming weeks. I also didn't make it easy on anyone by putting in a pretty complex order (rugelach to go, tea, brown sugar ricotta toast and the salmon grain bowl--which wouldn't be available until after 11 AM and it was only 10:30ish--to eat in) and then making it even more complicated by asking for them to hold the toast so that I could have it after the grain bowl. Yet, they managed to handle all of that quirkiness with grace. My friend's food arrived--he got the grilled cheese on a Jerusalem bagel and seemed quite pleased with it--and Chef Solomonov, who was actually acting as runner (a smart move as the kitchen staff works out the kinks), asked if I wanted to have the toast now, and I decided to go for it, since I was pretty hungry and it was still a little while before 11.

Shortly thereafter, a thickish slice of toast arrived, cut diagonally down the middle, topped with ricotta and figs, with brown sugar and a strategically administered blueberry syrup. A home run. I (somewhat reluctantly) allowed my friend to have a small piece, and he fell in love with it, vowing to return just so he could have his own order.

The nice thing about the toast is that while it was sweet, it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet, and the portion size was just right, so when my grain bowl arrived, I was ready to go. The two of them make a great combination, in whatever order you choose to eat them. The dish was called "mujadara," and it included slow-roasted salmon, labneh (dusted with sumac), cucumbers and rice with lentils. It's a beautifully composed dish, and the portion is sufficient without being overwhelming. It could be lunch on its own for light eaters, or with the toast is quite satisfying for those of us who eat a little more but still don't want to be stuffed to the brim.

The physical space is lovely--there is a communal table and counter seating in addition to a number of tables toward the back--and it's light and airy and welcoming. The staff is very friendly and generally quite efficient, though they're still sorting a few little things like when to clear plates and handling the traffic flow--all to be expected when you've just opened.

The bottom line is that you have friendly people serving delicious food in a lovely setting. Have a little patience, as you should with any new spot, as they fine-tune the operation, but already it's very, very good. Looking forward to my next visit to Philly, so I can try the Rugelach French Toast from the soon-to-arrive dessert menu. :-)
We went to this place for dinner with great expectations (based on Zahav and Abe Fischer) and were disappointed in many ways, but primarily in terms of service. 

We were seated at the community bar-style table right in front of the door. We didnt mind the cold air every time the front door opened but others near us did. Something should be changed about the table setting as winter will be unbearable on that table!

We ordered the drinks- vermouth flight of 3 & the turkish green - first,  but watched it be prepared and just sit at the bar for more than 10 mins while our server attended to other diners and while the bar tender was greeting his personal friends. No one cared about the drinks or even think about brungibg to the table. When we saw our food arrive, we wanted our drinks and asked the server but she simply said "oh yes" but kept busy at what she was doing (no apologies) We saw her continue to wrap up the receipts for other diners; she could have easily signaled to the bar tender to get us the drinks, but no. So giving up I just walked over to the bar and got the drinks myself. That is a BIG NO in service. Then realizing that we don't know what is in the flight, the bartender finally walks over to us and explains (all in 3 seconds) the 3 vermouths. What frustrated us the most was that not one of them apologized for the delay! And, this is definitely not the Zahav/Abe Fischer experience; we have now been to Zahav about 30 times, and not once have we seen this type of service. They are simply impeccable there and even 10% of that attention and care here would be higher than what we observed. Btw, we also saw our neighbors' iced tea not show up on time!

The food was tasty but again not at the level of the other two restaurants and definitely not worth the price. We ordered the cauliflower (seasoning was great but the flowers were a little too burnt for my taste), moussaka (pretty in organization but tasteless without the little tiny amount tomato sauce), foie gras toast (very very tasty), persian lamb shank (great!), and the malabi (tasty as in Zahav, as the chef created this amazing dessert there!)

I am not compelled to go back and would rather keep looking for a table at Zahav than go back here. Interestingly the only reason we tried k'far was because we couldn't get a table at Zahav.
Pretty disappointed by the service and quality. Ordered food a day in advance online, and was able to choose a pickup time - understandably, things are hard during COVID, but my order wasn't ready until 40 minutes after the scheduled pickup time. The line to pickup/order was a mess as well. 

It wouldn't have been a big deal if the food was good, but sadly it was not. The egg and cheese bagel sandwich was very greasy. The fig toast was better, but still not worth the $7. Hoped to make this a new breakfast spot, but this is my first and last time eating here.
Walked in at about 9:30am. There was a small line forming but it went by quickly. The woman behind the counter was nice and asked if I had any questions about the menu. I ordered a pistachio sticky bun and beet toast and sat down at a table. Water and utensils are located in the middle of the restaurant and are self-serve. The reviews for the pistachio sticky bun overhyped it for me but it was still good. The bun hard on the outside and fluffy on the inside.  The waitress brought over my beet toast and it was totally Instagram worthy. The beet mixture had layers of flavor and is served on warm thick toast. Overall the experience was pleasant, service was friendly and the food was good.
Came in for an anniversary dinner date with my wife at K'Far cafe last night.  Honestly, between the service, the food and the ambiance, we had a hard time even finding a "con" for my usual list.  Just great all around, and we will be back to explore other parts of the menu!

Pros:

Service was honestly elite for a place that's price in the less-expensive range of Rittenhouse restaurants.  Quick and attentive, very pleasant to deal with, knowledgeable of the menu and on and on.  It's possible I've never had better service in Philadelphia.  At the very least, it's close.  We sat at the next to last table in the back and our service was extremely polite, helpful and attentive - really, she was top notch.  

The food was a great experience.  I actually found the appetizers far more interesting and indulgence worthy than the entrees and I'm tempted to return and just order those.  We had:

Whipped Feta - delicious and light and the figs were fresh and enjoyable.  I wish there were a few more crisps!

Bread and Caviar - I admit, my wife used this as a backdoor to try the bagel, which was incredible and the Labneh was amongst the best I have (and I make my own Greek Yogurt, so I feel a little knowledgeable here).  The caviar was an unnecessary excess and I didn't find the saltiness necessary or interesting.

Foie Gras Toast - Whoa.  I mean, I've had fois gras before and it turns out "fat tastes delicious" this this stuff was a revelation!   The Kubaneh Toast was an ideal and enjoyable vehicle - I only wish there was more!  

For Dinner we had the Lamb Shank and Crispy Salmon.  I'm not one for Salmon at restaurants but I had read a number of reviews here and it definitely lived up to expectations.  The crisp "skin" added was incredibly flavorful and worth the price of admission.  The Lamb Shank was perhaps  more typical but met our expectations and was a little less fatty than some other places we've tried.  

For dessert, we had the Rugelach French Toast, served piping hot which was a crustier bread or toast.  It was delicious.  We also had the Melabi and found it light and enjoyable, but the plum jam was the star - truly something amazingly sweet to mix!

Cocktails were also delicious and I found the Turn the Table to be terrific with just a hint of coffee mixed with my rye to make a refreshing but warm beverage.  

The ambiance is a bit new and chic, but comfortable enough.  For such a great dinner option, it's almost a shame the cram a bakery daytime experience in as well, but it works about as well as expected.  Seems too fancy for breakfast, but too much of a bakery for dinner.  That's probably more of a note than a pro or con.  

Cons:

I found the drink prices (a few fairly expensive sours seem out of place and a few more reasonably places IPAs would have been nice) and cocktails to be a little high, but food was comparably inexpensive.  

Other Notes:  We mentioned it was our anniversary when confirming the reservation and we were treated to complimentary glasses of champagne (I think - we did see another couple get the same thing) and it appears the kitchen delivered a complimentary appetizer to all a few minutes after they sat.  In any event, these little touches are appreciated and make us excited to return!

Conclusion:  There's a whole lot to like at K'Far Cafe and not just for breakfast.  (although, I want to go back and try breakfast - my wife insists its equally delicious).
This review is actually the compilation of a couple different visits to K'Far over the past few months. On my first visit, I was astounded by the Jerusalem bagel. I had mine with cheese, and it was perfect. Warm and crisp on the outside, gooey cheese inside. I also had the Yemenite latte, which was maybe the best latte I've ever had. With a wonderful blend of spices and espresso, it's like the love child of chai and a latte. On my second visit, I ordered a 3 pack of borekas to go, and enjoyed them in the park. I loved all of them, but especially the potato one.
Overall, this place is great. I like that you can place orders for future pick up. Makes it super easy!
TL;DR Version:
- Solid breakfast food and pastries
- Ordering / take-out experience can be improved
- Ignore the sign that says wait outside for our pick-up order. Go to the counter to inquire. 

Long Winded Version:
Food: 4/5
- Egg & Cheese Jerusalem Bagel ... delicious
- 3 Pack Borekas ... I'd skip on this one. Just didn't taste that great to me.
- Sticky bun ... sweet and yummy.

Location: 5/5
- Right next to the the Rittenhouse Square which is a nice place to enjoy your grub and coffee

Atmosphere / Ambiance: 4.5/5
- Seems like a chill cafe

Quality: 5/5
- Good food. You just have to wait an extremely long time for it.
My son and his girlfriend brought a bunch of selections from this cafe on Friday when they come home for the weekend. 
I first tried the Brown Sugar Ricotta Kubaneh Toast, and it tasted nothing like I had before. A delicious pastry that is not so sweet with puffy texture even it is a toast.  My second item was Egg & Cheese Jerusalem Bagel. It is only half but is fill up my stomach. 
Four hours later, I tried the Potato Boreka (with everything Bagel Spices). You can not even tasted the potato. The spices was not curry-based, but taste was unique and great
My last target was the Pistachio Sticky Bun after finishing my diner. It was  be another wonderful item, though it is kind of sweet with high calorie count. 
I was told that that the Jerusalem Bagel was the most popular choice and they are always sold out around 9 am. Thanks to COVID-19, you can order ahead and enjoy it without getting up early to stand in line for the hot item!  I will definitely try other menu items on my future visit.
We happened to be in Center City and noticed K'Far is finally open so we had to stop in! Stunning interior and it is the prettiest cafe I've ever been in. Like the rest of the CookNSolo restaurants, the staff was warm and inviting.  Although we didn't get here early enough to snag any chocolate rugelach, mini chocolate babka or pistachio sticky buns I was eyeing up on the menu, the walnut cake was delicious! I will definitely be back for more goodies!
There will be a line to wait in, but it is WORTH IT. As someone who just went to Israel this summer, I can honestly say that this is the next closest thing to an actual bakery in Israel.

I stopped in this past Saturday and the line was already at the back of the restaurant. That's how popular this place is. There are plenty of options no matter if you prefer savory, sweet, or both as I do. I grabbed a Grilled Cheese Jerusalem Bagel (flat and rectangular, not you typical round American bagel) as well as 3 chocolate rugelach to go. While I waited for my bagel (about 5 minutes after I ordered) I tried one of the rugelach and they are so good. Very doughy and lots of chocolatey flavor. 

There were other things in the bakery that also looked great, like the pistachio sticky buns, mini chocolate babka, and the savory borekas. If you are looking for a meal, there are toasts, salads, and many other dishes. There is a cute outdoor eating area as well.

My only con is that I wish there was more than one register so things could move along a little quicker.

I will definitely be back soon!
The food is amazing. Be prepared to wait in a long line and make sure to come in early to get what you want before they are running out.

The cafe is narrow but deep so the line can build up to the back. There are not many seating area. There are outdoor seating and some by the bar.

Service was great. Staff is friendly, service is pretty fast. You can see the kitchen.

Borekas: they are like puff pastry. Potato : it has curry flavor lots of filling flavor is on point . Jam and sweet cheese: delicious but not much filling compared to the potato version. Both has perfect pastry and flavor.

Rugelach: one order consists of 3 rugelachs. Generous with chocolate fillings and moist. It's awesome. Definitely get it. 

Mini babka has orange flavor in it. It's moist and delicious.

Tahini chocolate chip is awesome too, it's soft kind cookie. It's fragile so it didn't survive after I finish running my errands. 

Walnut cake is very moist and sweet, the sweetest among all that I tried. 

Avocado kubaneh toast is amazing. It has spread of Schug sauce that gives a spicy kick topped with sliced of thick fresh avocado and finished with sliced fresh and juicy tomato. It's not a regular avocado toast.

Tahini and molasses kubaneh toast is amazing too. It tastes like PB and J. You cannot find it anywhere else.

Egg and cheese on Jerusalem bagel is great. The bagel is long and soft, perfectly toasted. It has schug spread that gives spicy kick. The egg is thick. Flavor is on point.

Overall the food is amazing. Perfect flavor and very special. I took a star down because I couldn't get the Pistachio sticky buns because they were sold out by 11. I will definitely come back
Wow. This is going to set the bar high for cafes and the all-day cafe concept in Philly. It personifies what I love about Zahav: reasonable prices for food of this caliber, wonderful service, and making fresh takes on cultural/traditional foods that you can tell are going to be hits. Except now filling your breakfast and bakery needs, as well as hopefully beyond.

First, the food. The Jerusalem bagel was fantastic and unique, as well as a welcome variation to the bagel. Crispy on the outside, perfect chew on the inside. It's thinner (and hopefully fewer carbs?) than a regular bagel. But it still has massive flavor from the brilliant, heavy char on the dense layer of sesame seeds on its slick exterior. My version was egg & cheese, but I almost didn't care because the bagel was so good. 

The kubaneh toast was also fantastic. It was like a darker, softer and more pillow-y version of regular toast. It's going to make me re-think why we aren't using this kind of bread more often for toast. Topped with brown sugar ricotta w/ figs and syrup, it carefully walked the line between dessert and breakfast. 

I also had to try the rugelach and babka, since these apparently sell out quickly (opening week). I've never been a huge fan of either, but I was curious to give K'far's a try. The rugelach had great texture and definitely the best ratio of ingredients I've experienced so far. 

The babka on the other hand was my least favorite of the bunch. There was a strong hint of orange that wasn't mentioned on the menu. It might appeal to orange-chocolate fans, but I know a lot of people like myself have an aversion to this. It was a shame, because the delicious crusts of dark chocolate, alternating between layers of flaky and tender pastry, were promising me the perfect pastry...if it weren't for the orange. 
 
I came here the first Saturday they opened. The line was snaking around the cafe right at 8 am opening, but it moved briskly. All the more time to appreciate their cute interior - whoever helped install the plant situation in there has a beautiful green thumb. I can't wait to see what they'll be doing next.
The food is both delicious and affordable. I got the smoked salmon Jerusalem bagel the feta boreka and a coffee for only $15, and could barely finish everything. 

The smoked salmon bagel was a bit salty, but it's smoked salmon so that's usually to be expected. The bagel itself is huge and can definitely be a meal in itself. It was extremely fresh and I loved the sesame seeds and soft texture.

Originally, I wanted the egg and cheese bagel but it was sold out for the day (came at around 1pm on a Friday). It was really crowded when I came, but it is possible to snag a seat if you wait around as they have both indoor and outdoor seating in addition to a counter / bar area. Probably not good for groups, but for two people it's perfect to eat-in. Would definitely recommend checking this place out if in the area.
It looks like I am in the minority here as I was just not impressed with my smoked salmon Jerusalem bagel. It came on a sesame bagel with dill, pickled cucumber, and caper butter. For a whopping $10, I definitely expected there to be more than 1 (very thin) layer of salmon and 1 (very thin) layer of cucumber between the bagel. I'm also wondering if there are other bagel options besides sesame, as that seemed to be the only one offered. I couldn't taste any caper flavoring at all, and it was also extremely greasy, so this was a miss for me. 

The only saving grace were the bite-sized Chocolate Rugelach! They come 3 for $5, so I'm not sure if you can order them individually, but they were moist and the perfect post-meal snack. 

I think my expectations were too high given the reviews and the lovely decor inside - it's beautiful inside. While their pastries might be the way to go, I'm not in any hurry to come back here because of the line, as others have mentioned.
I must have picked a great time to come here this morning because there wasn't a line! The associate at the register was so friendly and helpful.

I ordered a cappuccino with almond milk. The associate informed me that they didn't have almond milk but they had oat milk so oat milk it was! The cappuccino was delicious. I never had oat milk before and could definitely taste it in the drink but it wasn't too overpowering. The coffee itself was strong but not burnt tasting like some strong brews can come across.

I also ordered a Jerusalem bagel with smoked salmon. I always assume that's mined salmon sandwiches come with cream cheese but this came with a buttered dill spread as it clearly stated on the menu. The bagel is very thin and the dill butter made it, well buttery! The salmon tasted fresh. A great start to the day in my book.

This place is on the higher priced spectrum of breakfast joints for sandwiches but it was delicious.
Ordered the Pistachio Sticky Buns and Walnut Cake for pickup. It took a while of waiting outside before our order was called and the waiting line was quite long. Overall the baked goods were good as expected, but I found them a little too sweet.
Obviously Solomonov's cafe is going to be great. Apparently he can't do any wrong in this city! The Jerusalem smoked salmon bagel was delicious, and so was the Toast we ordered (forget which one, but I'm sure you can't go wrong). 

Underrated aspect of his restaurants -- the music. Whoever picks the songs for the playlists is doing a phenomenal job. Great taste!
tl;dr bakery and coffee bar by day then full-service restaurant by night, this spot offers a chic twist on the traditional Israeli cafe

Mike Solomonov has done it again -- proving that Israeli cuisine is no laughing matter. K'far is a luxe space, sporting tall, whitewashed walls with pink and gold tile accents. The glamorous bar area nearly reaches to the ceiling and is complemented by a white marble bar top. For the day service, you are given a number placard with your order, and the food will be delivered to your table as it's prepared. Water and silverware are self-serve.

My partner and I popped in for Sunday morning breakfast. We arrived around 9:30AM to find the cafe buzzing with a short line (which paled in comparison to the line out the door by the time we left).

We decided to share a Yemenite Latte, Chocolate Rugelach, a Pistachio Sticky Bun, a Salted Roast Beet Kubaneh Toast, a Smoked Salmon Jerusalem Bagel. The latte, roasted with cardamom, ginger, and cinnamon, channeled the flavors of any popular autumnal roast beverage with a hint of sweetness. The rugelach were buttery and dense, opting for dark chocolate in lieu of overwhelming sweetness. Meanwhile, the surprisingly light, soft sticky bun was reminiscent of baklava, offering a punch of honey contrasted by a generous helping of earthy crushed pistachios. The thick slice of toast was soft and coated with a thick layer of bright purple beet salad and half a hard-boiled egg. Finally, the long, flat bagel was peppered with sesame seeds, toasted on both sides with dill butter, and finally filled with warm salmon and pickled cucumber. The result was comfortable and crispy, although underwhelming in flavor.

Our total worked out to $34 -- fair, considering the rising price of brunch throughout the city. We had no trouble finishing all that we ordered but were satisfied until dinner. Based on my experience, I'll be adding K'far to my brunch repertoire -- and I'm excited to give it a try for the dinner service, too.
Get here early or pay the price (wait in line!)
I love that they have a simple menu with delicious options. Every element of their menu items are top notch. 
-The egg and cheese bagel with the spicy shug was hearty and tasty. The sesame seed bagel alone is a stand-out. 
-The walnut cake is subtly sweet with a nice crumb. 
-The atmosphere was relaxed yet also energized and the staff was friendly even though they were crazy busy
Love the food but really bad experience with takeout. Had to wait over 25 mins to pick up my order. It's not fun to do that with hungry kids
I don't know how we snuck in here at 9:30 am on a Sunday, but we somehow did and enjoyed it! As soon as we sat down with our pastries, the line started forming. The light, geometric wallpaper is super chic, and the bubbly chandeliers were a big hit with our 2-person party; it helps make the small space seem larger than it actually is. I like how they have several counters with napkins, silverware and water glasses/pitchers. The pastries were perfect, but the chai was a little weak for my taste. We are looking forward to coming back for lunch/dinner!
Really enjoyed a recent dinner here but still not quite 5 stars based on the 3 plates we had.  

Tunisian salad- loved the big pieces of seared tuna and preserved lemon bits, but still wanted more flavor wise. Some brushes of harissa around the edges of the bowl but I thought it could have used quite a bit more. 

T'bit- very fun presentation of a chicken and rice casserole surrounded by lettuce greens, loved the eggplant and apricots and crispy edges of rice but only two pieces of chicken on top that were a bit dry. 

Babka- came with orange apricot ice cream. Perfect amount of sweetness, nutty toasted flavor to the chocolate. Would get it again except I wanna try all the other desserts too! 

Great ambiance for dinner, soft lighting, was busy but not too loud for conversation. Service was great and easy to communicate with host (they text and call) beforehand to change our reservation time. 

I definitely want to try the rest of their dinner menu and come back for breakfast too.
Wow

Came here after work on a Friday with some friends. They had just opened and we were gifted two dishes to try and give feedback on.

It's safe to say I haven't been this impressed with food in a long time. All four appetizers (two that we actually ordered) were out of this world. This is a must try new restaurant for me and already in my favorites. (Food 5/5). Drinks were also great and strong. (Drinks 5/5). Do be aware: there's no happy hour and this place is on the more expensive side.

Service was also top notch. The servers and bartenders didn't miss a beat. Introduced the food. Found a place for our jackets and work bags despite there not being a coat room. (Service 5/5).

Also loved the setting/ambiance. Perfect for a date night or a casual get together (Service 5//5)
So happy that this place lived up to the hype. 

Ambiance- 10/10, this place is a millennial paradise. Whoever did the interior, I want them to design my house. 

Baked goods- 10/10, the rugelach are unreal and the chocolate babka was a delight 

Bagel- 9/10, crispy, crunchy, tasty

Service- 10/10, everyone was beyond friendly and super accommodating 

Totally understand why they're packed / sold out on the daily!
I struggled with this review a bit. On one hand, it's such a lovely lovely place! Decor is incredible; cozy, chic, comfy. The vibe was is relaxing and inviting, even on a random Monday morning. Even the music is great! 

The service is also great, very friendly servers and the girl taking orders at the register is most helpful. 

On the other hand, the food is good but not amazing. Did not try much of it, so maybe that's where I fell short. My Yeminite latte was delicious - would highly recommend. The Jerusalem bagel on the other hand - the combination of salty lox and pickles made it a bit overwhelming for me. The bagel was toasted to perfection and buttery, but the saltiness was a bit too much. I was honest in telling Mike Solomonov what I thought after he casually came in to the cafe. To my surprise, he was very receptive to this criticism - sign of a very good chef indeed!

Would love to visit again and try more things.
Review is based on the "daytime" menu~~

As you walk in, the ambiance is stunning! Very light and airy, with hanging plants growing on the walls. I was also fascinated by the modern light fixtures that fit in well. There was counter or table seating, with an order at the counter and wait at your seat with a number approach.

Pastries? Think not your normal bunch, but more intricate and distinct Israeli flavors. The case at the front displays these, and it's hard to only pick one to try. We chose to try the chocolate rugelach and pistachio sticky bun out of the case. We also ordered the egg and cheese on a Jerusalem bagel, brown sugar ricotta kubaneh toast with pomegranate and blueberry syrup, and smoked salmon kubaneh toast. All were delicious, extremely fresh flavors, and arrived promptly. Portions were perfect as well! Don't forget to try the Yemenite Latte, which boasts cardamom and ginger spices.
Everything was just as good as it looked in the Instagram feed! Went once for breakfast and once for lunch. I preferred breakfast. The Jerusalem egg and cheese bagel was amazing and decadent. The avocado toast with pickled persimmon and harissa more restrained but beautiful and so tasty. The pistachio sticky bun was a bit dry but good. The salads at lunch were good but not something I'd specifically come in for. Of the two we tried the kale tabbouleh was the favorite. But the jam and sweet cheese boreka was a hit (the feta one needed more filling). Tahina chocolate chip cookie had good flavor but the sandy texture may not be for everyone. Espresso is perfect and the atmosphere very appealing. I will definitely be back.
The latest offering from Michael Solomonav is a pan-meal restaurant: a bakery in the morning with more entree-like offerings in the evening. 

My friend graciously dropped off the egg breakfast Jerusalem bagel, which was an oblong bagel rolled in a healthy amount of sesame seeds. The scrambled egg was light and fluffy and the schug had a very mild kick. It could easily be split into two meals (~$6), so great value! 

When we returned for dinner, I immediately fell in love with the decor, which is can best be described as a millennial's dream (think light pink seating, corners filled with greenery, hip lighting and marble tables) that transition from breakfast to dinner seamlessly. The top 40 music was an interesting contrast to the more upscale vibe. 

We returned for dinner and ordered the figs and feta, the kubenah toast w/ foie gras, the eggplant and beef, and the salmon, mostly motivated by the fear of not being full.  Our waiter recommended sharing 2-3 entrees, a toast, and a mini appetizer. I would recommend 2 entrees + a toast between two people to leave you feeling comfortably full. 

My favorites were the foie gras toast and the salmon. I loved the creamy, salty foie gras contrasted with the fluffy, sweet toast and date molasses. The salmon was perfectly cooked, with an addicting crispy skin and fall-apart-on-the-fork tenderness. I would pass on the figs and the whipped feta; it was a touch too salty, even with the sweetness of the figs. Overall, I would definitely come back for breakfast and lunch, with dinner as a special night out.
What a great restaurant! We came here to celebrate a birthday and were not disappointed. 

Really suggest you treat this as a family style dinner. Order a bunch of the appetizers and a couple entrees to share with the whole table. You'll leave way more full and have a chance to try more of the menu (and trust me, the menu is worth trying). 
We ordered the: 
Bread & Caviar- comes with a surprising portion of caviar. If anything, there could have been a bit more bread. The bread is absolutely amazing and I wish they had a bakery closer to my house. 
Arabic Salad- really delicious and filling all on its own. The za'atar is really what makes it great. 
Yemenite Cauliflower- this you can order one per person ;) probably my favorite item of the night. 
Moussaka-this was a hit or miss with our table. Some of us absolutely loved it. I thought it was too sweet and a bit overpowering. 
Persian Lamb Shank- so many people think they know how to cook lamb. But here at K'Far they really do. It was perfectly tender and the rice was full of flavor. Be careful of all the tiny bones though! 
We ordered most of the deserts and then K'Far gave us the last one for free to celebrate! It was so sweet and absolutely unnecessary. Every single desert we tried was amazing. I won't even try tO rank them. Will definitely be coming back again for dinner.
So happy for the intro to this little spot with great coffee and good food.  During our Covid19 social distancing it was nice to be able to sit outside and enjoy my coffee and sandwich.  Really cute and nice to enjoy a good coffee at an independent restaurant.  Service felt a little slow, but they were probably working with a skeleton crew due to the pandemic.  My latte was excellent, food tasty and service staff was friendly; what else could i ask for?   I plan to return!  Hopefully they'll continue to serve during these crazy times.
Another great spot from Solomonov!

I walked by shortly after it opened, and even though there was a line almost out the door, I knew I had to go inside! The line did move relatively quickly for the length that it was.

The bakery is fantastic. Literally everything looks delicious. I ended up getting rugelach and a Jerusalem bagel which were both fantastic. I've grown up eating Israeli/Jewish pastries and these definitely did not disappoint. After I ordered my food, I waited for maybe another 5 minutes before it was brought out to me.

The interior of K'far is beautifully decorated and I loved the design.

The only bad thing is they are too popular and are selling out of things quicker than you can make it to the counter!
Vibes: all-day cafe with counter and booth seating with gorgeous aesthetic; casual and chic; would bring a friend or two for dinner 

Tasting notes:
-Baked feta: cheese served warm, lends the dominating saltiness of the dish; definitely need the smooth, mellow muhammara with each spoonful to balance the saltiness; wish there were crackers/crisps to serve as a texture contrast and vector for transporting each bite 
-Mushroom toast: ratio of bread to slightly salty mascarpone to earthy, tender mushrooms is perfect; healthy dusting of za'atar on top; bread is crusty, on the denser side  
-Yemenite cauliflower: just right level of roasty-ness; love the nutty and sweet juicy surprises from the pine nuts and raisins; labneh comes as a dollop so definitely would toss the cauliflower a bit before spooning!
-Adeena's Couscous: if snowflakes didn't melt, they would be the texture of the airy, fluffy, slightly nutty (absolutely loved the generous topping of sliced almonds) couscous; prefer swirling couscous into the stew versus spooning stew onto couscous; stew is served piping hot, very flavorful and on the thicker side; a surprisingly filling dish 
-Chocolate babka: accompanying orange-apricot ice cream was subtly sweet, richly floral to the nose and tongue; chocolate was decadent but not overwhelming; babka itself was more on the bready side 

Other notes:
-Loved getting a sample of the experimental butternut squash soup with pickled chard 
-Very vegetarian-friendly menu
-Aforementioned dishes better to be shared (even the entree couscous)
-Service is attentive with multiple-server team, kept table very neat
Really delicious, wish I could have tried everything. The Jerusalem bagel (I got the egg option) was delicious-- the bagel itself was still chewy and satisfying but the flat style allowed the middle of the sandwich to shine a bit more. After agonizing, I also got the walnut cake which was pleasantly crumbly without being dry and also not too sweet. The cortado was perfect.
Came here around 8:30 on a Sunday morning the place was already packed! My two friends and I couldn't find seating inside (not even at the counter) so we had to sit outside but it was a nice day so we didn't mind. I would recommend getting here at when they open at 8am on the dot if you want guaranteed seating.

The pistachio sticky bun was amazing and it looked like we got the second to last one from the display. The chocolate rugelach was okay; I've never had one and was expecting it to be really good after reading the reviews but it didn't stand out to us. The Jerusalem bagels were different and good! We tried the Basturma (air cured beef, olives, peppers & spinach) and the smoked salmon one, which was my favorite. The Yemenite latte was interesting -- it had a flowery taste to it -- but it wasn't my cup of tea. I tried my friends cappuccino and you can never go wrong with that.

Overall it was a good experience. Another plus is the interior is pretty! Looking forward to coming here for dinner one day!
This cafe is super cute. The decor is very modern and welcoming. There are individual tables, a bar seating area, and outdoor seating. 

My friend and I got a platter of different things to try: Potato Boreka, Chocolate Rugelash, Mini Chocolate Babka, Salmon Jerusalem Bagel, Tehina, Date Molasses toast, and Yemenite Latte! 
Out of the pastries the Potato Boreka was my favorite. I would visit again and just go to town on this one. The Boreka has a flaky and crispy pastry crust with what reminded me of Trader Joe's Everything but the Bagel seasoning on top. And inside was the perfectly (tasted like curry) seasoned smashed potatoes. I'm more of a savory breakfast person, so I was excited for the avocado bagel as well. I was slightly disappointed. Mine was a bit burned and burnt sesame seeds are not tasty (the bagel is tightly coated with sesame seeds) and it was very salty.
Out of the sweet items I enjoyed the Tehina and Date Molasses Toast most, because it wasn't super sweet. The toast was also very crunchy on the outside and nice and soft on the inside. The two chocolate items were too sweet for my taste and a couple bites satisfied my sweettooth. My friend loves sweet breakfasts so he was very happy with them.
I wasn't a huge fan of the Yemenite latte. It was my first time trying it and I didn't expect the strong cardamon flavor.
I found things I liked and things probably would not get again but my overall experience was very pleasant. The staff is very attentive and nice. They were very patient with all my curious questions. If you have not been yet, I would definitely recommend checking it out! Go early on the weekends otherwise the yumminess will sell out!
I stopped by K'Far with a friend for lunch last week about 1 pm. The food was great - she had a jerusalem bagel and I had a very tasty boreka and some tehina chicken salad. The only reason I didn't give the place 5 stars is because the seating is almost nonexistent. It's always CRAMMED and you end up with your hands full of plates of the food you ordered staring down someone who's finished their meal but is hanging out texting or web surfing on their phone. (Don't get me wrong, people SHOULD be able to hang out at a place they enjoy). They close from 2 pm to 5 pm so there's no way to do what would make the most sense and go there for a relaxing late lunch. I'm glad they're busy, but sorry that the tiny space and crowds make for an unpleasant lunch experience.
Perhaps I just don't like Israeli food.  Had dinner with a friend a few weeks ago.  I had a side salad, which had so much vinegar in the dressing that it was inedible.  We shared the rice and chicken dish for 2.  Another disappointment.  Very little chicken, and all dark meat.

Tried the restaurant again with Sweetheart, and was equally unimpressed.  We will never go back.
On my third visit, I am getting the salad and grains which are available after 11.

Cauliflower salad: it's a little bit too salty for me. It has some dills and sliced fresh grapes. I asked the tehina on the side. It has a strong flavor kinda goat cheese. 

Tehina chicken salad is awesome. Chicken is tender great flavor and seasoning. Freekeh is perfectly cooked so that it doesn't become a hard grains. Marinated celery is a great combination for the salad as it gives crunchy texture. I'm not a big fan of celery and red onion but this is different. I didn't taste the strong celery or onion flavor. I thought there's some apple slices but it's not on the description of the salad. I highly recommend this.
I once came back to K'Far twice in one day. That's how good it is. I no longer live in Philly, so every time I visit I know I have to make it to K'Far when I can. 

The interior is super aesthetic (sorry to be basic, but I lack of a better word). Bright, open space with high ceilings that makes it the perfect place to hang out with some coffee (or alcohol, they have that too!) and excellent pastries. The pistachio sticky bun is my all time fave - if you can only get one pastry, please get this one. Gooey and soft, with generous sprinkles of pistachio sandwiched between the layers, so good it's often sold out by afternoon on the weekends. I've also had the babka, chocolate chip tahini cookie, and Jerusalem bagel. All excellent as well, you really can't go wrong here.
Holy cow the egg and cheese Jerusalem bagel was the best thing I have eaten in a long time! I always thought I *needed* bacon on my breakfast sandwich but this one proved me wrong. The bread to egg ratio is perfect, the cheese is melty gooey deliciousness and the shrug is not overpowering but adds a subtle little kick. Can't stop thinking about this sandwich- a definite must try! Little bit of a wait on weekends but like most fairly quick.

Also got the chocolate babka, which was very good as well!
Finally made it K'Far! (which btw means village in Hebrew) Came here on a Friday around 11:45am and only had to wait about 10 min before ordering-although they did run out of a few items by this time. 

I had to try the Yemeni latte because honestly, I had no idea what it was. Turns out it's a latte with your regular espresso shot and a blend of ginger, cardamom, and cinnamon. Delicious! 

We also got the Jerusalem bagel with butter and za'atar, the avocado toast (with za'atar instead of schug sauce), the sweet yogurt parfait, and the jam and cheese and the Swiss chard borekas. Everything was delicious but most items were very heavy on the butter so be prepared for that. The yogurt was more tart and creamy, which was actually perfect. 

Absolutely beautiful addition to the Philly community!
Tunisia salad (3 stars): underwhelming, seared tuna was ok, nothing special about other ingredients

Cauliflower (3.5 stars): good flavor, but drowning in oil

Lamb shank (5 stars): star of the show, tender flavorful meat but very salty towards the end. Presentation was beautiful, generous portion. Saffron rice was finger licking good

T'BIT (3.5 stars): chicken was ok, I wasn't a fan of the spices in the rice. Presentation was alright. Would not get again. 

Walnut crumb cake (4.5 stars): great texture, beautiful crumb, just enough sweetness. Coffee ice cream was a bit weak in flavor
The Jerusalem bagel with egg, cheese, and shug is probably the best breakfast sandwich I have ever had (the only competitors that come to mine are the things at Lou's Deli in SF and Mike and Patty's in Boston). It's about as close to perfection as you can get with the way the flavors and textures compliment each other. It's unctuous without being too rich. This is probably because the ratio of bagel to toppings is perfect. Like it would be a decidedly worse sandwich if they used more eggs. Really brilliant stuff. I will never go to Philly and not get one of these. The real challenge is there's other things to try there. So I think I'll be doing some hobbit style double breakfasts here.
Solid place with delicious food. 

I would give it an easy five stars for the food and ambiance, but the service has been consistently a chaotic mess that I almost considered knocking it down to three stars. More often than not when I have visited during brunch, they forgot or mixed up an order. One time, they forgot to add avocado to my salad, so I had to ask for it, and they just brought out avocado on the side. The same instance, the table next to us just didn't get their order. And we received a dessert we hadn't even ordered. Another time, they hadn't even realized that they didn't bring out my order for over a half hour, so we had to ask. At least that time, they gave us a little side dish to make up for not bringing out my food with the other person, but definitely not an ideal situation. 

But hey, the cute space, great location, and delicious food does still make up for the slight chaos. My favorite item on their menu is probably the brown sugar ricotta toast, but all their toasts/salads/grains that I've tried thus far have been wonderful. Price point feels very reasonable, especially for the daytime menu. Portions are middling sized; satisfying but also you would have enough stomach space if you wanted to order 3 items between 2 people. 

Definitely hope it sticks around!
Have you ever left a place and immediately began craving the entire experience again? That happened to me both times I visited K'Far. The baked goods, appetizers, cocktails and decor are so unique and masterfully crafted, that it makes for a whimsical experience. The design and layout of the place is so impressive given the small space. The decor is the so light and vibrant. The staff is super attentive and on point. I sat at the bar both times I visited. Both times I ordered the Israeli bagel with lebnah, and the Winter's Playlist bourbon cocktail.  The bagel also comes out incredibly fresh and piping hot. There is nothing like it in the City. The dough flavor combined with the sesame seeds is absolutely delicious. And for someone who grew up eating lebnah, their version here, with Zataar and caviar, is incredibly tasty. Dipping the Israeli bagel into the lebnah has become my favorite thing! The cocktail is so good. The cocktail list is very vermouth heavily, and doesnt have much whiskey, but the Winter's Playlist is one darn good bourbon cocktail. The bartenders are really nice. The food comes out quickly. The second time I visited, I ordered the baked feta too. It was very tasty. I cant wait to return here. There are so many things I want to try! I am dying to try the breakfast bagel  sandwiches! And the dinner entrees look good. I will return soon!
Went over the weekend on a Saturday to check out all the hype. Got there around 9:15AM and the line was already all the way back in the store. The decor is really cute, bright, and trendy. The outside seating area also looked pretty comfy.

We waited probably about half an hour before we were able to order food at the front. Once we got there they had already ran out of the potato boreka and were running low on the pistachio sticky bun, the other boreka they offered, and maybe one or two more items.

We got the Jerusalem bagel with smoked salmon, the salted roasted beets toast, and the chocolate rugelach. I wasn't blown away by the Jerusalem bagel but really enjoyed the roasted beets toast. The chocate rugelach were also the perfect size and meal ender. Would definitely try the mini babka next time. Definitely enjoyed our meal but not sure if the wait was worth it. Definitely try to go early to avoid the lines if that's the case!
Tried this on a Sunday morning. Got here at 10am and the line was very long but moved decently fast. You order and then sit. They bring the food out to you. The cappuccino and beet toast I got were very good. My husband got one of the Jerusalem bagels. My toast was better. Beet toast sounds weird but it was very good. I don't remember the real name. We got 2 pastries but I wasn't too impressed. Suraya pastries are better. Overall very good. Very cute. Will go back.
Breaking News! 
**************
The Chocolate Chip Cookie at K'far Cafe has just secured the #1 spot on arguably the most respected list in the world, "Jays Top 5 Chocolate Chip Cookies in the World List" 

This ain't no average everyday chocolate chip cookie.  Absolutely not.  Perfect symmetry.  It's topography is akin to the roads in Philly itself, if potholes were chocolate chips.  It's dusted with just right amount of salt to make your mouth want one more bite, and yields an impressive CPB ratio of 3.4*  Ideally, the CPB ratio fluctuates between 3.5-3.8, but these are large chips...chippy chunks if you will.   

Topping the best chocolate chip cookie list was no small feat, but what else would you expect from the owner of Zahav, one of Philly's best restaurants for over 13 years.  

The top cookie spot was previously held by Maison Kayser in NYC for over 5 years.  It had a great run, and there's no shame in being #2.  Representatives at Maison Kayser could not be reached for comment.  

* (CPB = chips per bite) 

- Jay
Giving this place 4 stars solely due to the hiccup we experienced with our to-go order and the tastiness of the food, but that may just be a preference. This new Israeli cafe is beautiful - I absolutely love the aesthetic in here. The line, despite wrapping around at 11am on a Saturday, moved fairly quickly. That impressed me. Fair warning... The menu you may be handed while you wait does not include all the pastries you'll see when you get to the counter! 

We tried a peach pastry that was delectable, 3 for $5 rugelach that were delicious, though small, the salmon bagel (this wasn't as tasty as I was expecting... maybe because it tasted less like a hearty bagel and lox and more like a flagel with salmon), and 2 toasts. The bread felt a little filling for my style. The cinnamon sugar toast was nothing to write home about and the fig/riccota one was good but a bit sweet for my liking. I think the toasts would be better served on a skinnier piece of toast to focus on the flavors and contrast with less sweet flavors overpowering it. 

The service was 5 stars. Despite a mixup with our to-go items, a woman, not sure if she was a manager or not, noticed my waiting a while and checked on it for me. She proactively refunded my ENTIRE order without question and my food came out promptly. Additionally the gentleman / waiter we saw in line offered us a free cookie when we got to the counter. Thanks again - the chocolate chip was one of our favorite items we tried! 

Favorites: rugelach and cookies. Stick with the pastries. Beautiful place, worth trying.
K'Far is an Israeli bakery & cafe located right by Rittenhouse Square. I came here with a friend on a weekday afternoon and the wait wasn't too long. K'Far is currently offering takeout and limited outdoor seating. You can either order online or order at their window. Note their hours: they're only open from 8am-2pm and are closed Mondays and Tuesdays.

I got an Egg and Cheese Jerusalem Bagel ($8) and a Pistachio Sticky Bun ($4 or 6 for $20). The texture of the bagel is what sets it apart. The crispiness of the bagel offsets the fluffiness of the egg, while the gooeyness of the cheese brings it over the top. If you have a sweet tooth, then the Pistachio Sticky Bun is certainly for you. K'Far also has a bunch of pastry bundles that you can get.

TLDR: If you're looking for something different than your traditional brunch, come to K'Far and try their Israeli bagels and pastries!
K'Far definitely rates as one of my favorite middle eastern cafe/ bakery. I only got a chance to try out their pastries and cafe menu.

Boureka's: I tasted the potato, and bulgarian feta flavors both were really good a tiny bit on saltier side so i recommend trying this with coffee or beverage on the side. I'm not sure if these are supposed to be tasted cold but would love to try a hot one too!

Chocolate Babka: Again a very good pastry not too sweet and the right amount of pastry and chocolate. 

Macchiato: I'm not a coffee connoisseur but the coffee had some middle eastern and earthy taste to it. 

It's a great addition to the area something different for someone to try if they are bored of the standard american bakery fare at nearby cafes
Super aesthetic cafe with very reasonable prices. There's a lot of hype around it being that it's led by the pastry chef from Zahav, but I'd say it lives up to it from what I experienced. That being said though you'll want to get here really early (at opening if possible) if you want to make sure you get what you really want. I got in about 3 mins after it opened on a Saturday and there was already a decent line (~15 minute wait). I ended up getting the pistachio sticky buns, which were amazing and not overly sweet. 

For anyone wondering you can only get a max of 3 of the same item, but a total of 12 pastries.
The ambiance is so beautiful and has lots of plants! You can really tell they thought about every single detail. There are also a decent number of seats.

The line was quite long even on a weekday but for those who are indecisive like me, that means more time to look at the menu and decide what to get! You order and then you're given a number so that your order can be taken to you after you sit down.

They serve Ox coffee for those who like coffee. And!! They use metal straws, at least if you get an iced coffee drink to stay. I'm amazed. I got a Yemenite latte instead of my usual cappuccino--it had the right amount of flavor from spices! Would definitely recommend trying.
Sadly they were out of babka, rugelach, and sticky buns even before 10am so I got the walnut cake which was so good!! You definitely taste walnut, and it had the right amount of sweetness and wasn't heavy. Next time I will try to go earlier to try the babka and/or rugelach. If you're in the mood for something more savory they have other options like toasts, Jerusalem bagels, and salads. I would love to go here with a couple of people to get various dishes and try them all.

Service was also really great! Everyone was very friendly, from the person who took my order to the barista who made my drink.

Bottom line is you have to come here and give it a try!
Very busy place! They ran out of the pistachio sticky buns when I got there so go early if you want one! I got the butter Jerusalem bagel! So unique and delicious! The bread is was so soft and buttery and was perfect. Small place so seating is hard. Central location would come back!
Mediocre food and ambience. 

It looks better in the pictures but nothing special about it.
Hate to say it but I don't understand what all of the hype is about! Was expecting long lines and crowds but ended up getting a table in the back room in the apartment complex lobby. Tried to order online with the QR code but it kept giving me an error that items in my cart were no longer available, but not specifying which items, so I ended up waiting in line to order anyway. 

No one in my group liked the grilled cheese Jerusalem bagel. One compared it to frozen Ellio's pizza- and they weren't wrong- yikes. The avocado kubaneh toast was good, but nothing special beyond your average avocado toast. The pistachio sticky bun was by far the stand out item, but definitely doesn't compare to the pastries at Suraya. I don't drink coffee but others in the group strongly disliked theirs. My Bloody Mary was horrible, one of the worst I've had. 

The items were delivered to the table sporadically with huge gaps of time in between. For example, we ordered 2 sticky buns and one came out right away and the other came out after we finished everything and were packing up to leave. 

Overall, a big ol' disappointment.
Super easy to make a reservation via their website and online booking system -- best to come with smaller parties (2-3 max) because the space is small. 

My dad and I ordered the tasting menu, priced at $48 a person. The set comes with bread and caviar, one appetizer per person, the main entreee (lamb shank), fInished with one dessert per person. 

The bread and caviar was phenomenal -- it's a yogurt/labneh dip with herbs, spices, and olive oil and the caviar in the middle and came with their sesame bagel. So delicious and easily my favorite thing from the entire meal. 

For appetizers, we got the cauliflower and the foie gras toast. Cauliflower was delicious and the sauce was delicious paired with the roasted veggies and pine nuts. I wasn't a huge fan  of the foie gras toast unfortunately because of the molasses component, but that's just me. The toast part itself was excellent and super well done -- just not my favorite flavor profile personally. I would get something else next time.

The lamb shank was SO tender, fell right off the bone. Loved it but overall was a bit too much on the sweet side for my liking with both the sour cherry and the raisins in the rice. Didn't knock my socks off, unfortunately, but was still very good.

Dessert we got the passion fruit sorbet special and the walnut cake with coffee ice cream. Good, but nothing to write home about. Passion fruit was very tart  -- if you don't like sour stuff, stay away! (I loved it)

Service was excellent and we felt well taken care of. Very beautiful interior of the restaurant and very intimate - will definitely be back for brunch! Lovely dining experience overall.
Don't let the rating fool you, I would 100 percent come back here for strictly the chai latte and the atmopshere- the decor is slick, modern and homey all at once , really a place I could stop and sit for a few hours. With all the hype surrounding the bagel, I was very disappointed. It was just like a bagel thin you come of buy at the grocery store with a much heaftier price tag.
Came for the soft opening and it definitely impressed, both in aesthetic and food. It was so hard to choose, because everything on the menu looked so delicious. I opted to split some things with a friend to maximize our tasting experience! We tried the pistachio sticky bun, the potato boreka, the smoked salmon jerusalem bagel, the grilled cheese on a jerusalem bagel, and the avocado toast. Everything was awesome. The smoked salmon sandwich and the avocado toast were my favorites.

It didn't hurt to watch Mike Solomonov serve people and Camille come out to say hello to different tables. Definitely will be back!
The avocado toast and the salmon sandwich are my favorite. Mocha is just out of this world. Its so fresh and delicious. I would recommend for anyone who is looking for a saturday brunch.
(Note:  I have only sampled the pastries, not any other offerings.) 

Two visits left me less than impressed having sampled four different pastries and the coffee.  I don't really understand all the fuss about the cafe's celebrated pastry chef.  There is an overabundance of chocolate in many of the pastries.  I do know the prices charged rate much more than two $$ signs in the listing.  Worse, like far too many eateries these days, the owners couldn't resist inflicting music on patrons even going so far as to mount speakers on the exterior of the building as well as the obligatory blaring indoor ones.  Before any millennials accuse me of being an old f.rt let me assure them I love rock n' roll as much as the next guy but not when I am trying to have a conversation with friends.  I've long believed the music was for the staff's benefit.
This place is outstanding and must try. After eating at Zahav this place was high on my list since they are the same owners. The Jerusalem Bagel Sandwiches are possibly the best sandwiches I've ever had. They are pressed down so that they are crispy and light. The sticky buns are a perfect treat with the savory sandwiches. Everything I have had here is a home run. They are now on caviar too so that is also convenient. I am starting to crave this every Sunday and it takes everything I have in me not to order it.
Amazing breakfast spot, well-worth the 10 minute line. For coffee I recommend their Yemenite Latte (a shot of espresso with cardamom, cinnamon-spiced milk), it took be back to my Beirut with a Jaffa-twist. Their Jerusalem bagels are delicious. The Egg & Cheese has been sold out both times I've been, but their customer service is amazing and we got to try their Salmon and Grilled Cheese bagels, which did not disappoint! Will definitely be back for a third, forth and more-times! Toda!
I popped in for an afternoon drink and snack. They have the best Bloody Mary ever! The savory cheese and olive pastry I had blew me away as well! If I wasn't leaving town in a few hours, I'd be back again and again.
Really excellent food and service, everything tasted fresh. Went there for dinner and got the: cauliflower that was well seasoned really the eggplant dish and the caviar app. The bread is all made in house too! I was really stoked about this place that I had to come back for brunch. And of course it did not disappoint.
Mini chocolate babka (5 stars): best version of a babka we've had in a while. It's muffin sized so all the sides were crispy (edge piece brownie lovers rejoice!). The chocolate was rich and filled in between all the layers, which was just right amount of soft inside without being dense

Swiss chard boreka (4.5 stars): crispy, flaky, and actually had a good amount of chard inside

Avocado toast (4 stars): nice crispy and fluffy bread. The labneh was a nice savory base for the avocado. Wish there was more pickled persimmon, which was the star

Yemenite latte iced (4 stars): spiced latte not too sweet

Wait in line to order, then scout for a table. There's some outdoor seating as well when the weather is nice
I've always heard amazing things about K'Far, so I finally succumbed to the hype and came. We got the smoked salmon Jerusalem bagel, 3 set of pastries, and a sticky pistachio bun. I really like their puff pastry, super flaky and a million layers! The bagel was good, I want to try the other flavors next time. The sticky bun was a very cakey texture (as opposed to chewy) and super sweet, so I'd recommend splitting it and not only ordering that!
I was very pleasantly surprised 

My friends and I came for brunch on a Sunday. It was a little bit of a scramble to find seats but it really didn't take too long to find a table. 

We shared the pistachio sticky bun, walnut cake, feta borekas. Loved the sticky bun and walnut cake. Botekas we could have done without. 

We each got a Jerusalem bagel sandwich of smoked salmon and egg and cheese and loved these. 

Latte was good too. 

Definitely want to go back.
They have a one line for all system. Took about 30 minutes to grab a cappuccino and some pastries to go. Means everyone who intends to sit down and eat must go through the same system to order. Don't come here if you're planning on grabbing something quickly- not efficient. I got the feta borek--or boreka with the Hebrew name--They seem to promote themselves as Israeli cuisine--The borek was delicate, and covered in sesame seeds which really elevated it. That addition made it better than any I've had in turkey or Eastern Europe. But the other three kinds of borek were not covered in sesame seed so I don't know if they would stand out as much. I would've preferred the rugalach to be fruit options too and not only chocolate--But for those who like chocolate it was very chocolatey. Though you can't just get one-they give you three. My husband gave the pistachio sticky bun 8/10. It was on the drier side, like Jewish baked goods usually are. Their bagel sandwiches smelled amazing and appeared quickly grilled and flattened (panini style) and covered in sesame seeds. That one I would definitely go back for trying and skip the sweet baked goods.
