Best new AYCE Korean BBQ & hot pot place to hit Philly! Lunch specials Mon-Fri 11am-4pm is $16.99, which is honestly the best priced AYCE I've seen in Philly so far. 

Our visit started off with a selection of banchan such as kimchi, pickled radish, potato salad, fish cake, etc. The kimchi definitely tastes homemade and packs a sour spicy punch that contrasts wonderfully with any sort of fatty meat you're grilling. The Korean BBQ dishes are served in small portions so you don't feel restricted in the amount of food you can try off of the menu. This was honestly the best surprise for me, especially considering how stressed I feel for AYCE restaurants because I hate food wastage. You can easily try a good majority of the items off the menu without feel the pressure of eating past what your body can handle. 

The meat and veggies were fresh and delicious. There's a wide selection of different marinated pork belly slices and seafood. The sauce bar has a large selection of sauces to try. I highly recommended the beef brisket sauce!

The service was amazing as everyone we interacted with was very helpful, accommodating, and nice. Our waitress was very attentive and made sure that our orders were filled correctly. She and other employees at the restaurant made sure our grill was changed frequently as particularly sauce-y meat can turn the grill into a crispy burnt mess. 

I'm so glad an AYCE Korean BBQ and hot pot place opened up in the Northeast! No more stressful and traffic filled trips into the city nor is there a Mario kart race to fight for a parking spot as parking is plentiful. I only tried the Korean BBQ this time around, so I'll definitely be visiting again in the future to try the hot pot as well.
Love the food a lot!!! I did the hot pot and also korean bbq combo. For the hot pot, the broth taste amazing! I got the tomato broth, I enjoy that broth the most! My family had the Tom yum broth and also the spicy broth, they said it's pretty spicy but just enough to enjoy it. So be careful if you can't handle spicy.  For the korean bbq, I enjoyed the marinated meat the most! All of them is great! And the server can help you cook the food if cooking is not your forte. 

Hannah the server is awesome! She's the bomb diggidy! She was very attentive to my table and gave us a great dining experience!

The manager is also awesome! His favorite song is "shape of my heart" by Backstreet Boys. Yes they have karaoke there!  And they have a bar!!! Omfggggg white grape soju!!!!!!!!!!!!! Get that white grape soju!!!!!!!!!!!!
This place was pretty cool as far as the experience goes, but very unorganized and confusing when ordering for our table. I came with my party of 6 for dinner since my sister had mentioned this new hot spot that Yelp was talking about. 

So we got seated after a twenty minute wait. The place was packed, and smelled so good! The waiter came over and didn't explain too much about what we were supposed to do as far as ordering and all. 

So we basically just started calling out names of the foods we wanted and it was confusing when it came time to them bringing out the types of meats. Some of the meats looked like the other meats, so we weren't sure whose meat it was.

Other than the confusion of ordering and what to order, when it came time to actually cooking it in the grill and in the hot pot, we were never told how long to cook the items in. It was kinda like a cook your own food restaurant. It seemed like we spent too much time trying to figure things out versus actually enjoy our food. 

Some of the party didn't have enough to eat, while some of us had enough food, and probably too much because our stomachs were stuffed and pushing against our pants. I just rate this restaurant 3 stars, due to the fact that there was so much confusion and our waiter didn't explain anything good enough for us to understand how to properly cook our food or to order. 

I would come back again  but not with such a big party, maybe just with one other person so maybe there wouldn't be as much confusion when the meats are placed on the table.
First I rarely give 5 stars but WOW! Mind has been blown and my belly will never be flat again! On first entering the restaurant you'll be amazed at how big, clean and gorgeous it is. Beautiful bar with lit up marble-ish columns everywhere. But on to the food, menu is huge with a vast selection of all kinds of meats, seafood, veggies and apps. You get a little assortment of ban chan dishes when you sit, all just ok. The appetizers including jap chae (clear glass noodles) and spicy rice cakes are free with your meal. Japchae was amazing! The meats were great quality, ranging from rib eye to Kobe beef to seasoned bulgogi and chicken. Some of the seasoned meat is a little sweet, the chicken was def good, but if too sweet for your liking, nothing a little soy sauce won't fix. Lol. 

They also had a great selection of sauces and a nice little dessert area with traditional asian desserts and jello and fruit. The BBQ was great, the hot pot soup selections had phenomenal flavor! We had Tom yum and korean seafood tofu base soups and KPot had the best tasting soups around. All other hot pot places I tried were super bland to The point I was packing my own soup mix seasonings and dip. Not here! Didn't need to 

Service was A1, waitress was patient, knowledgeable and always clearing plates or changing or grill, all very seamlessly. We had the soju, loved the yogurt soju! Per person for all you can eat and trust us we ROLLED outta there, $29.99 for the hot pot and BBQ for dinner on a Friday night. Soo worth it! 

Tip! If it's your bday week, they give you 50% off your meal if you come with 4 or more people. My bday is this week and came with just my bestie so couldn't use this offer  still worth it! lol
Came here for dinner with a group and was impressed by the cut of meats that were being offered for AYCE BBQ and hotpot. Some highlites were the thick cut sirloin/ribeye,  premium brisket, and Kobe beef (hotpot only), among a huge list of options. We didn't do any hotpotting but there were many delicious soup base options to choose from. Also, there are individual stove tops at each seat (for hotpotting) so you can have your own personal hotpot experience instead of having to share one big pot with your group like in most hotpot places. The staff was very attentive and helpful, even though the place was packed. Our server replaced our BBQ grill for us as many times as we wanted and always brought our meats over without us having to wait long.
Ah! Finally! A Korean BBQ and Hotpot spot opens up in NE Philly, and even better that it's one of the better KBBQ places around the area!

We've come here about 4 times already since opening week (2 weeks ago) and it certainly meets my expectations everytime.  The price is 100% reasonable and even cheaper than some of the other KBBQ restaurants around the city, costing only $25/person M-F and $26/person on Sa-Su for all you can eat. You can order KBBQ or KBBQ / Hotpot combo for an extra $3, I would definitely recommend doing it if you're starving. The servings per order come smaller so test the waters first but the servers are pretty quick to come back and ask if you need anything else.

They have a full bar there and serve beer/liquor/mixed drinks etc. We usually just get some beer but have had some of the mixed drinks there as well which are a hit or a miss - guessing it really depends on the bartender who makes it.

I've definitely already become a regular here and will keep coming back, especially since I live 5 minutes away.
Now this was a nice surprise.

I was in the area for a day trip to Sesame Place but the crap food at the theme park left me starving.  This place is close to the Philadelphia (formerly Franklin) Mills outlet mall so I gave it a whirl.

The BBQ here is kick ass.  Forget the fact it's AYCE.  The food here just rocks.  This is pretty surprising considering I am always gorging on good Korean food in the NYC/NJ area but this place has one secret weapon that makes their food stand out for an AYCE buffet.

They do a kick ass job of marinating their meats.  The kalbi/shortrib is absolutely killer.  The flavor of the meat is just ridiculously good.  Same goes for their garlic pork belly, garlic shrimp, etc.  I didn't run into any meat that really disappointed on any level.  

The service here is also excellent.  They don't give you a ton of meat per order but they check in on your constantly and get refills in super fast so that makes up for the smaller portions.  That's actually helpful when you start getting full.  Nothing sucks as much as when you're almost full and you put in another order that ends up being gigantic.  Here you can manage your appetite far better.

This place was mad packed not long after I got here (5pm).  

As a snotty New Yorker who often chuckles at Korean food outside of the NYC area in the east coast, I have to say I was extremely pleased with my experience here.  Take my advice, go walk in the mall for a few hours, eat here then go back and walk it off more in the mall.
this may be the only korean bbq place near the suburbs area (even though it says philadelphia) it's located near the old franklin mills (now philadlephia mills) mall

i came on a monday night and it was BUSYYYY so definitely make reservations if you have more than 6 people and if not, then prep yourself for a long but worthwhile wait

we decided to do hotpot and BBQ which was a bad choice, only because you have a 2 hour limit at your table and it's very overwhelming to do BBQ and hotpot at the same time so save the money and pick one.

the BBQ choices were actually decent, we got pork belly, 3 of the beef choices and the spicy squid. i would definitely do BBQ again. don't waste your time on the apps, they're kind of disgusting and not worth the calories

the hot pot, i went with the tom yum broth which was OK, i wish i did either the spicy tofu broth or the schezuan. our waitress did a fabulous job of trying to remember everything we told her we wanted but she missed a couple of the options we said, only bc there were so many.

all in all, i had a great meal and would recommend it to others especially bc we don't have many like this in the area
1. Great K-Food, fresh seafood, fresh and quality meat. Love the crab, jumbo shrimp, fried scallop, Kobe beef, brisket, very fresh mushroom and veggie. 
2. About 1 hour wait on a Friday night, but need to check with their rep often. They told me wait another hour after 1 hour but lucky I received a text from their system. I showed the text to them and they let us seat right after
3. Customer Service seems overload. Our server always in a hurry. But she let us order with no limit item. So we don't have to take time too much between rounds.
Definitely recommended!
Great place to have both the hot pot and Korean bbq. Very friendly staff. You get several side dishes right away.

Jap chae. Not much flavor. I could only taste sesame oil. Skip this.

The dumplings, shiomay, and gyoza are all fillers and salty. Not recommended.

Beef tongue is thinly sliced and tender. It's my favorite.

The fish is ok. Squid is pretty good.

My husband really like the bbq pork belly.

Dessert station is near the bar area: big chunks of fresh fruit. The white fungus is pretty good too. Next to it you can find a lot of kinds of sauces.

Very attentive staff. When they notice that the bbq plate is burnt, they change it right away.
I went to lunch here with my brother and his wife to try some Korean Food.  I hear it was all you can eat so assumed it was buffet.  I normally don't like to eat at buffets due to concerns with freshness of the foods as well as food being kept at safe temperatures.

Well K-Pot is not a Buffet!  We went on Saturday so we paid the All Day Dinner price. $26.99 per person and upgraded with an extra $3 per person to have Both the Hot Pot And the Korean Barbecue.  Of note: everyone at your table must match on the option, which makes sense. Additionally, have 2 hours to order fixings for your meal.  And to avoid people from wasting the quality ingredients, the restaurant reserves the right to charge you $13.99 for each pound of wasted food.

As soon as we sat. Our Waiter, Aiden, greeted us and brought us some small sides (edamame, thinly sliced daikon, kimchi and other pickled vegetables) and took our drink orders.

Then, we each selected a broth base for our Hot Pot.  There were half a dozen to choose from, some spice, some not.  My brother selected something spicy, my sister-in-Law selected an herbal broth base and I chose the broth if the day, a mushroom base.  We tasted each other's broth and all were delicious!

Next we selected meats and vegetables for our Hot Pot.  Because we haven't experienced This type of dining before, we opted to focus on the Hot Pot first and wait a bit for the Korean Barbecue.  We started off with Crown Daisy, Watercress and Enoki Mushrooms for our vegetables and Lobster Balls, Clams, Crab, Kobe Beef and Beef Tongue for our meats.  All the ingredients came out quickly and was extremely fresh. Each person had their broth pot with a built in table top heating element.  We basically just experimented with our foods.  A large table with a variety of condiments and seasoning was available for your choosing. It was a lot of fun and delicious.

Half way through our first plates of meats, our waiter recommended ordering the meats for the Korean Barbecue.  Aiden helped grill our food while we were continuing to chow down.  Meanwhile, Aiden added butter to the built in table grill and added the meat that we selected to the grill: Premium ribeye steak, jumbo shrimp and K- Pot Short Ribs.  Everything smelled so good and we devoured everything.  We ordered more meat and vegetables but soon got full.  

We finished our meal with fresh fruit and white fungus sweet soup.  I took lots of photos that will surely make my husband jealous.  Will definitely be coming back!!
I'm really happy the Philly location finally open up!! The food is just as good as the New Jersey location!! Price is good for what you get!!
My girlfriend and I regularly visit the location in Brunswick, NJ. It's about a 2 hour round trip just to get our KBBQ Fix. We were absolutely thrilled to discover one was opening here in Philadelphia! 
K-POT delivers traditional flavors in a modern styling that rivals most if not all other KBBQ restaurants in the greater Philadelphia area. 

We ordered the japchae, short rib, bulgogi, smoke pork belly & garlic shrimp. I spent the first 10-15min enjoying my pork belly. Seasoned and marinated to perfection it's definitely a must have! The short rib is a close second. Tender, juicy, sweet! The garlic shrimp was big and well seasoned. The bulgogi was very tender and marinated very well. The bon-chon is pretty good as well and pairs well to any of the entrees you order. The server Phoebe was extremely helpful and nice. A couple servers periodically checked on us and cooked our food as we were stuffing our faces. There is NO other restaurant that pairs "All You Can Eat" with quality like K-Pot! 

The fact that this is in the upper northeast also makes this spot amazing. Parking is plentiful, near malls, stores etc. The restaurant itself is pristine. The decor has a nice modern theme. The TVs play sports and random Korean dramas. The music is usually upbeat kpop. They play some American pop hits too. We will be back very soon! Thank you KPOT for getting a location out here!
Visited K-Pot again on Tuesday, May 28 for my brother's birthday (my brother's first time at K-Pot) and experienced the worst service.

First, the Live Wait on the Yelp app is not accurate.  Also, when I mentioned that I added my name to the Waitlist via Yelp, the hostess didn't know what I was talking about.  Instead of 5 minutes, we had to wait about 25 minutes (the restaurant was busy for dinner, fine).

Our server was Victor.  He didn't ask us for any drinks to start and immediately took our food order.  Our table didn't have enough napkins and not enough chopsticks, and we had to flag another server to get them.  When we asked if we could order drinks, the other server had to get Victor.  Victor NEVER checked on us, NEVER checked if we needed our grill changed, always had to flag him down for each refill and to make any additional food orders.  I understand it was the dinner crowd, but at one point I saw him just sit in the booth next to us when the middle section of the dining area was cleared.  So there were now less people, but yet we had to wait for another refill, while I see him sitting at the booth chatting and laughing with other servers.

So lesson learned, don't come for dinner, ask for any other server but Victor.

In my previous post, I went with my cousin when it just opened for lunch on a Saturday.  Our server was Amanda, who was excellent!  I saw Amanda again on Tuesday night and wish I would've requested her as our server.  She always checks on you, automatically gives you refills, automatically comes with a new grill, etc. etc. She is deserving of a huge tip and more.  

If I ever visit K-Pot again, I'll ask to sit in Amanda's section regardless of the wait.

p.s. Just do the BBQ and skip the Hot Pot.  They ran out of their house special broth and the Herbal broth I got was very salty and unappetizing.
Just love the place. Second time there and they have done a great job adjusting to the new requirements of our Covid times.

I just love sitting around a table, grilling meats, drinking and laughing with friends. Sure you have to cook your own. My tip, get an extra plate so you can load the grill up and take the cooked off quick to cook more. Had my friends begging for mercy with the food flying out. You really have to be strategic though and only cook marinated meats all at one time. It makes a mess of the grill.

Didn't do the hot pot yet and should ask for help with the sauces but my creations seem to work out. Can't wait to go back
Eat everything for 2 hours until you get the meat sweatssss. So seriously. This place was so good. Super friendly staff, and very clean place. The meat come out fresh, and flavorful. Worth every penny. Loved the sauce bar. Prices increase for the weekends. Wasn't too packed for Sunday lunch time. 
Def recommend!
Came here on a Saturday night, they don't accept reservations and the parking lot was packed; All great signs for an all you can eat restaurant. 

We had a big party and not everyone were there yet, so they had to give our table away and there is an hour wait. We understand and didn't really mind the wait. An hour has passed, the customers of the table we were waiting for were leaving. We were told by the hostess that we will be sitted once they have cleaned the table. A few minutes passed and they have given the table away to another party that arrived after us. Turned out they have 2 different lists and the hostess didn't think to look at both of them when they were giving tables. They were incredibly sorry and wondered if we mind dividing our party into two different groups at 2 different tables. We told them that we would wait the additional time for another table.

The food was good even though they are a little heavy handed on the sugar. The grills get burned easily because of that but the servers were attentive. We are especially impressed by the short ribs and bulgogi.

At the end of the night when it was time to pay, we were told that they only allow 3 credit cards at the maximum. We gave them our credit cards and the server turned around and told us that there were only 2. Turned out the server has lost 1 of them on her way to the cashier. We all went looking around for it and the manager end up finding it behind the bar.

Again, food is good. But these mishaps are scary and while the staff seem apologetic. I don't understand how a restaurant can function like that.
The food is good. 
The options are many.
The service is good. 
So why dock a star? 
Well they are giving you raw ingrediants which you cook yourself either in a hot pot or on a grill. So you use the tongs or scissors on the raw items and now have no other utensils to remove cooked items. This is mostly and issue for the grill since your hot pot is your individual one  and you can use your spoon or chop sticks. For the grill this becomes a health concern on cross contamination from the raw to cooked food. It cannot cost that much more in expenses to give two sets of tongs for the table.
Our waiter was awesome because we were a group of 12 for my nieces graduation. He was attentive; informed and all around a nice guy. The food was good and there is so much to choose from there's something for everyone at a one set price .
I came here with a group of 4 during dinner on a Saturday and we were seated promptly after barely a 10 min wait. There's a 2-hour dining limit so there's a constant flow of people in and out. For $3 more, you can do all you can eat hotpot AND Korean BBQ. The food came out super quick and everything was fresh. The ventilation is actually pretty good so it's not too smokey inside. The grill heats up a bit unevenly so you will have to play around a little bit before cooking the food perfectly. Overall, it's a great deal for the price and quality. There's amble parking as well. Highly recommend!!
I was so excited to try K-Pot, it wasn't hard to convince my friend to give it a shot with me. We arrived around 8 on a Saturday and there was a bit of a wait so we grabbed a drink at the bar. Drink prices are reasonable and the food is all you can eat, with K-Pot and Koren BBQ available separate or as a package. 

Their website does not have some information easily accessible as far as pricing so I'll explain here a bit. K-Pot (soup) is one option and Korean BBQ is another or you can do both, however, the whole table has to agree. It was around $30 for both during dinner and when I went back for lunch it was around $20 (can't remember exact numbers). For lunch, the menu is limited only to certain items. If you have a gluten allergy like me, you will not be able to eat any marinated meats, but I was fine with the options I had. 

In the back there is a sauce bar with chili oil, special sauces, garlic, cilantro, scallions and more. The layout of the building is a little odd so you have to walk all the way around and if you grabbed a few different things the bowls make it a little awkward to carry through the restaurant. I would suggest they provide a sauce tray/bowl that can fit more than one condiment for easier transportation purposes. 

One other suggestion I have, because this can get very messy, is to offer linen napkins for guests to place on their lap, on both visits I got something on my pants and had to ask for napkins as I was not provided initially. If you're going out after, be very careful with your pants!!
Sorry for being real, but it's about to come out like I may hold my food to a higher standard. But in looking at the pictures, my girl and I thought that it was  worthy enough to give it a try. Mind you, coming from California where we have a town literally called "K-Town" and everything is in Korean, and nothing but delicious food, I know what's the difference between things you buy in a jar pre-made or fresh.

When we came in and got seated, the guy (who turned out to be a manager or maybe  even partner/owner) asKed us what we would like to do rink.  I asked for Korean Barley Tea (in Korean) and he answered "huh? Excuse me, I don't know what that is" strike 1. 

When the server came and but the bonchon (Korean appetizer snacks), I asked if they have the long Kimchi and he said, "no, all we have I is this" (pointing to one plate with kimchi) I said, "no problem, okay, we'll have..." and proceeded to order. As soon as I tasted the kimchi, I looked up ann my girlfriend has the same face, it was bought from the market and DEFINITELY NOT FRESH. So we tasted all the other dishes and all stood the same as the first. Strike 2.

While we were cooking, we  stopped so we could get a grill change. The server grabbed the grill and walked to go to the replacement. So you're going to walk away with a hot flame? Exposed? Then walks Baal with h his replacement and just drops it in and walks away.  Okay, so instead of coming prepared with the replacement and never leaving an open flame at a table, you chose to do it your way. And don't tell me you're busy, all the servers were sitting around the bar looking at their phones while they waited their tables. And the server changed the grill the same way each time. Strike 3

Don't waste your time. I mean, I told my client that I went there, and they said it's one of the  better places. So if that holds true, then sorry for you. I'm never going back to this place.
K-Pot wasn't bad! 
The vibe of the place was really elegant. I went in around 5PM, before it got super packed! So thankfully I got in earlier than everyone else or I'd be waiting out the door! 

I mean.. new hot pot/kbbq place in the north east? Why not!

So judging this against the hot pot places in philly, the broth is more rich in flavor. I would def come here over a few places. 

The only reason why I didn't give k-pot 5 stars was the selection of stuff they had. 
but for the dinner price of $25, I was with it. They come with little starters..pickled radish, kimchi, etc. and their sauce bar is pretty diverse! It even had matcha powder as a condiment. 

Regardless, the meat was thinly sliced and tender and the add-ins came in small portions. So it was a good thing and a bad thing. 
Good because you are able to gauge how much you can eat without overeating ..bad because if you're still hungry you have to wait for your server! 
The server was quite attentive and sweet, so I always can appreciate that. 

I go eat hot pot at least once a week, and if you're in the northeast area, don't skip out! 
It's a little out of my way and i would still go to ten hot pot (since it's closer to me) but I heard k pot's bbq is worth trying. 

So I will be back and update you  maybe it'll be worth the 45 minute drive!
This was an easy decision for a 5 star review as K-POT is a better hot pot restaurant than most in the Philadelphia area and one of the few good AYCE kbbq options. I've eaten at this K-POT location a few times, including my birthday a few weeks ago. 

The service at KPOT is exceptional, and I would ignore the service those of you experienced during the grand opening period. The restaurant has gotten much better since then. The waiters/waitresses take your order on a tablet, serve you soup bases, alcohol and the rest of your order fairly fast.

For those new to kbbq and hotpot, the sauce station is a big part of the experience. All the basic sauces any hotpot place has is here along with many other options: hoisin, peanut, sesame, kpot special, chili oil, etc. Make what you think is the best combination of sauces and you are set for a great kbbq/hot pot feast.

The meat, vegetable and soup base selection is great. They even offer kobe beef for dinner. Herbal, miso, tom yum and many other soup base options are available and all are good.

Overall: 4.5/5. You won't be disappointed but make sure you change into sweatpants before you go
Love it! I have to admit that this is my first time eating here and they've opened for the second week so far. Everything was fresh, good, and amazing. I got the hot pot and the BBQ. The only thing that I recommend changing is the spicy salmon for the BBQ. It's not that great but eatable. Also, they have a deal for 20% off in Yelp however the front lady was pretty rude and would not accept it as she say that deal was not valid but the deal is still valid according to Yelp and dealmoon prior to going to the restaurant.
Had an overall great experience even though it's a all you can eat new hot/bbq spot. We loved the selections from both hotpot and korean bbq. The sauce bar has many options you can choose from. The service was excellent and our food arrived very quickly. I would highly recommend checking this place out if you're in the area!
The food is ALWAYS fresh and they're very vegetarian friendly (as long as the meat eaters in your party don't mind waiting for you to grill first). 
Khiem is the best server there; he checks in continuously without going overboard and is always there when you're ready to order more food. He's incredibly helpful, recommending best sellers, and knows the menu like the back of his hand!
The tables and booths are cleaned and set immediately after a party leaves, and the restaurant overall is very well maintained.
We've already been a few times and plan on going back tonight!
I'm surprised I haven't written a review for KPOT because I've been here on multiple occasions. On each occasion I've had a good time. It gets quite busy at this location so the wait is usually ~45+mins. There is a mall across the restaurant so you can kill some time over there. Or if you live closer to their South Philly branch, I recommend you go there cause apparently it is a lot bigger than this location and the wait time is shorter. Personally haven't been but my friends from that area have said so. 

Service is alway on point. I haven't had a bad experience with a server yet. Food quality is up there and it's always a contender when we want AYCE hotpot/KBBQ. 

A little more detail about dining. You can choose between HOTPOT; cooking food in a delicious broth or KBBQ; grilling delicious marinated meat. Of course you can do both for some additional $. You order the ingredients off the menu and they'll bring it to you. Sometimes they forget an item or two but you can just order again.
I've been to a Korean buffet in north Jersey which was nice but didn't have too many options for my fiance whom is a vegetarian. Plus the over 1 hour drive makes it a bit of a hike to get food. Searching for a all you can eat hot pot spot near me I fell upon the K pot location in East Brunswick but to my surprise this location is almost brand new so we had to try it! 

Fast forward to this location and we arrived on a Sunday evening thinking it would be super busy so we would have a bit of a wait, so the hostess took our name and told us we could sit at the bar while we wait. Before I even had a chance to sit the hostess told us our table was ready. I was super happy about that cuz we were both hungry.

Our waiter whose name I believe was Hai, super friendly, very helpful, the whole shebang. We ordered the Korean bbq and hot pot combo. I got the Tom yum soup base and my fiance got the vegetarian friendly tomato base. Both were very good,  mine being a little spicy but with a nice sweetness to it. You have a very good assortment of hotpot meats such as:  Beef, pork, chicken, lamb, spam, mini sausages and for you daring people can get the tripe, brains, and tongue. Seafood is also an option such as mussels, squid, crab meat, a bunch of different fish balls, cuttlefish balls, etc.
For the bbq you can of course get the pork bellies, regular or spicy bulgogi, spicy chicken, garlic pork, red wine pork I think was another but my absolute favorite is the KPot pork belly. They come rolled up in usually 2 or 3 pieces but the flavor is just a must try!  All the meats and veggies we ordered for them tasted fresh along with the ramen we ordered to put into the hot pot. Warning about the noodles, they're very filling so if you get rice, don't get the noodles or vice versa so you don't get full on noodles and rice.
I don't know what else I can say but I'm a fan and can't wait to get more in the future!
My husband and I had two hours to kill on a Saturday afternoon in the area.   After driving around a while we passed this place for the second time and said "why not?".

All you can eat.  Great quality ingredients.  Knowledgeable staff who asked someone else when they were not sure of the answer. This was our second time (first time over five years ago) having Korean bbq.  We plan to return.   Phoebe was our waitress,  she showed us how to cook at our table and made good recommendations. The very attentive staff made for a pleasurable experience. 

We had the rib eye steak,  beef Bulgogi, spicy white fish,  spicy salmon,  jumbo shrimp, pork belly, short ribs,  zucchini,  onions, and potatoes.  We finished our food with the k-pot sauce,  chili sauce and prime rib sauce.   Accompaniments at the table included bean sprout salad,  spicy cucumbers,  kimchee, edamame and radish. 

Food was tasty,  delightful experience all around. Peach ginger mojito was good as well. The free blue moon on draft for checking in went well with the meal.
Coming back from Cali I thought for sure that I'd lost all my chance at eating delicious Korean BBQ food. But thankfully this place has allowed me to forget Cali lol.
The food variety, taste, how quickly the servers bring everything is unbeatable. I'm usually not much of a Hot Pot guy but after coming here I have changed my mind. Lobster balls, shrimp dumpling, crab sticks, and my fav swai fillet (dang it I wanna go back now). 
And lastly their service (I know I mentioned it before) is really great. The server even cooked the food for us, gave us good recommendations and was always ready to fill up our glass of water. I give this place a two thumbs up and ten stars ;). Ok fine I'll give it five, have your way Yelp.
K-POT Korean BBQ & Hot Pot

Oh man, this place is good! Who doesn't like AYCE kbbq & hot pot???!!!!! 

So my husband and I have been here twice, both times our party was of 5-6 adults, and both times we did JUST K-BBQ and no hot pot.  Even with a "wait" we were seated faster than told. Service here is good, sometimes if they are too busy its hard to grab your server; the last time we came we asked for another bonchan side of fish cakes and one waiter said they didn't have any more but then our regular waitress brought out some for another table and we asked if there was any more left and she said yes. So far that's our only bad experience w service here. The price is also a deal! 

Food is on point and delicious, we loved the garlic shrimp and spicy pork and all the pork belly were great. I definitely recommend holding off on rice and trying all the meats. And a pro tip: order multiple dishes of the same thing to save time cooking on the grill. Our table only had 1 grill and even on "max" temperature it took a long time to cook.  The first time we came here we ordered 1 of every dish - big mistake. Lesson learned: 2nd time we came I started off with 4 orders of beef 6 orders of the thin beef so that way it cooked fast and all at once, didn't have to worry about pork contaminating the beef. Oh and pro tip: cook the meats that are sweeter towards the end to avoid grill changing, when they change the grill you have to wait for it to heat up all over again. Our 1st time here our grill wash changed like 5 times, 2nd time - we kept it going whole time with same 1 grill. 

Oh and like many other places they a DIY sauce bar, and there are signs recommending what to mix with what. Honestly, the meats are seasoned very well you might not even need sauce. My personal go to sauce is something sweet/hot/nutty/garlic so I mix equal parts: sweet soy, scallion, hot chili flakes (not hot oil & not sambal), sesame sauce, garlic & cilantro. (if it is too rich for you add a splash of vinegar). "Desserts" are right next to the sauce station & consist of fruit (oranges, honeydew, cantaloupe, dragon fruit), jello (lychee flavor) & Asian dessert soups that have fruit tapioca pearls & jujube fruit. Def give it a try, I find it very refreshing after a rich and heavy meal.    

Overall we really like this place and will travel from DE to eat here again....& again. 
Here's what I'd give each subject:
Food:  5/5 
Atmosphere: 4/5 a bit loud with the crowd and blasting K-pop playing on speakers  
Price: 5/5 I believe it's under $27 for AYCE dinner, and only a few dollars more if you want hotpot plus KBBQ (plus tax)
Service: 3/5 already addressed in our 1st paragraph
Excellent experience with an excellent waitress named Anna. The food is brought out to you fresh every time and the servers are constantly helping you with whatever you need even when it's very busy.

If you've never been to a Korean barbecue place you really should try this one out. The servers will answer your questions if you're unsure on how to go about things and it's all you can eat for a 2 hour time limit. They do have a charge added to your bill of $13 or so if you are of those people who wastes food needlessly and it makes good sense and good business. 

I only have one minor complaint, and that is that their music is blasting way too loud and you have to talk very loudly with anyone you're sitting with because you can hear everyone else's conversation going on over the music. The decor is outstanding and modern.
This place was delicious! We arrived at 6:30 and was lucky to be seated right away. The tables were roomy and there was a burner for each person to have their own soup bowl. It was our first time doing hot pot so the waiters explained everything and made great recommendations. She was always close to make sure everything was good and see if we wanted more of anything. All the food was fresh and the soup was tasty. Looking forward to my next visit!
AMAZING 

I have been here on several occasions for celebrations with groups of 6+ people. The food is delicious! The ingredients are always fresh but what really earns five stars for me is the service. 

Rarely do I say this but the service actually got better with every visit. Shout-out to our servers for stellar service! The only downside I would note is that the ingredients sometimes took a while to come but it was crowded during prime dining times (6-9PM) so it's understandable. The service and the food were worth the wait!

I recommend going 15 minutes earlier because there is often a wait to get seated. My friends and I have tried all the soups and can honestly say you can't go wrong with any of them. I highly recommend the KPot special soup and healthy herb soup base for hotpot! 

Keep in mind the whole table has to order the same thing either for hotpot or BBQ or both options (ex. If one person wants to do hot pot AND BBQ, the entire table needs to do so and will be charged so).
Absolutely love this place.  The price seems steep at first, especially since you're essentially cooking your own food, but it's 100% worth it.  Since the food isn't cooked in the back, everything comes out almost as soon as you order it, and it all only takes a few minutes to cook, so you'll never be sitting around hungry here.  Highly recommend getting both BBQ and hot pot as it's only $3 extra to get both.  I personally have never had to wait to be seated, but I can see there being a wait for larger parties without a reservation or if you come later at night.

My favorite dishes to get for BBQ are the K-Pot short rib and spicy pork belly.  The short rib has a deliciously sweet and savory marinade on it that reminds me a lot of Japanese tare and they cook up so beautifully tender.  The spicy pork has a slightly sour flavor that's really addicting, and the spice level is hot enough that I feel a burn but not overpowering.  For hot pot, I love the brisket, sweet potatoes, and udon noodles.  I always get miso broth, but I've tried the healthy herbs as well which was really good.  The appetizers are included in the price as well, so grab some popcorn chicken and rice!

They have a build-your-own sauce station by the bar, with a bunch of different sauce bases and toppings like soy sauce, peanut sauce, minced garlic, ginger oil, etc.  I love to make a peanut sauce mix to dip some things in, but honestly nothing NEEDS dipping sauce, it's just a fun extra.  They also have a small dessert section with some fresh fruits and jellies, including rambutan once which I thought was interesting.  And speaking of the bar, as someone who doesn't drink I'm pleased there are a variety of virgin drinks along with the alcoholic beverages!

Last tip--don't let the signs at the tables scare you.  They reserve the right to charge you per pound of food you don't eat, but I've never been charged.  It's okay to leave some things uneaten if you wind up not liking a certain dish or get too full, just don't be a jerk and be carelessly wasteful.
One word: WOW! I am so happy about this place, I can't even put it in the right words. The food is AMAZING, service is AMAZING. Right away, you get greeted with the friendliest and personable people. You get your own pot if you're going for hot pot which I think is a good idea cause you can pretty much regulate how much food you want and you can have your own flavor. I also ordered the sangria pitcher and it was so delicious as well. I've been on this hot pot adventure and so far I've been to about 16 places and I've come to the determination that this one is the best by far. Will def be bac



Update: my 6th time here maybe. I ran into a small issue that was quickly fixed (won't go into detail) but the manager was incredible in understanding and was very welcoming when I decided to come back. I am not disappointed in continuing to recommend my friends and family to this place.
This place is amazing!! All you can eat hot pot and Korean bbq!! Great food ,spirit , price and staff!! They have so many selections on what you want for your hot pot soup base and Korean bbq. Always packed and they just opened. If you want a great social experience while eating -this would be the place!! Can't wait to share this with my family!! You must try!!
Kpot at Franklin Mills Mall was BANGING!! 

The food is great, the price is fair but it's mainly the location, having a spot like this CLOSE to us is so great. They're probably doing mad well by their location alone. It's pretty much the common response by all my friends in Bucks County that not only is it good but its close. 

Overall very satisfied w this spot. The big question is 'is it better than Seorabol in Northeast?' and thats rough. It's all you can eat which I prefer and being newer, the building is really nice. For me personally, the All you can eat factor is what makes this spot the winner. Food quality is equal. 

Nice having some updated Kpop to dance along with while l eat. This is already becoming a spot where you run into your friends when you go. One of my friends has gone there 4 times in 8 days already. 

If you wanna save a few bucks, go for lunch but some items are Dinner Only menu which when you see which items, you'll probably want to go for dinner to be honest.
Great price for both bbq & hotpot! But the only con is...when you placed 3rd re-order they don't bring it out and let you sit waiting!
My husband and I happen upon the building this is in about a year ago, unsure if K-POT was coming or going because there was a plastic sign draped over the roof saying what looked like kbbq but it was def under renos of some sort.

Fast forward to now, and it's a K-POT!
The last of my bday celebrations, we hit up K-POT and while the parking lot did not look crowded, to our shock inside almost every table was occupied.  We were quoted a 30-45 min wait......but when hubs and I were briefly discussing if we wanted to wait the hostess looked around and saw one lone table in the bar area.  Half booth, and one chair on the other side.  Beggars can't be choosers so we sat down happily. 

We went for, what you should go for....the combo AYCE hotpot and kbbq!  Our server came over quickly with all of the typical banchan, was cheery, explained the menu efficiently and how the process works.  I got the tomyum soup base, and hubs the miso.  I made up our dipping sauces quickly from the sauce bar (they have signs of what to mix together for novices) and by the time I got back to the table meat was on the grill and all hot pot ingredients were on the table in a flash.  I couldn't believe how fast she was.  

The banchan and appetizers were okay.
The japchae, and oi kimchi was the best to me.
Soon enough our soups were to the rolling boil and all the meats, seafood, and veggies were ready to be dipped and consumed.  I have to say, I enjoyed the hotpot over the kbbq!  Pipping hot, dip was delicious, the tomyum was a great base to pick with just a hint of spicy.  The veggies were good, especially the greens.

The kbbq was very good, albeit the bulgogi and kalbi were very on the sweet side for me.  It was def. marinated very well, even taste throughout, but it was just in the end too sweet for me.  Next time, it's ribeyes for hubs and me all the way.  The ribeye was really great.

Service was very good, as I said she was very cheery, and personable each time she came to our table to check on us.  Our drinks never went unfilled, and we only had to ask her to help cut the meat once (the ribeye) when I was occupied with my hotpot otherwise I handled adding and flipping the meat on the grill just fine.

The price in the end on a thursday night was very reasonable for AYCE in a 2 hour time limit.  Go for the money items (whole steaks and seafood) and you will leave satisfied.  Can't wait to go back!
Went here a couple of days ago and it was amazing! KPot will be my go-to hot pot / kbbq from now own. Their selections are totally worth the price & they even have a dessert/fruits bar!! I'm all about that sweet soup life. Sauce bar was the bomb. I actually followed one of the sauce guides, and it was pretty good, but their meat & hotpot soup was so well seasoned I ended up not using the sauce as much lol.

I had the KPot Special hotpot soup - 100% reccomend it btw. It was perfectly seasoned to my taste, not too salty and not too plain. My partner had the Miso one, a bit on the saltier, but great nonetheless. BBQ was great! Pork belly was hella thick (like how kbbq pork belly suppose to look like), none of that bacon slice stuff (no offense to bacon, they're great too). I really enjoyed the short-ribs, perfect seasoning.  

Service was 5/5. Servers were friendly and knowledgeable. They actually smile & make conversations!! Maybe it's just me, but I don't usually get to see that at other hotpot places. It's always the serious, work face - which there is nothing wrong with that, but a server with a smile is more...approachable IMO. 

Great food.
Great price.
Great services. 
And they have a bar?

That's a 100/100 stars as far as I'm concerned.
I'll definitely be coming here often.
Was super excited to check this place out after being recommended by (2) different coworkers. We opted to go for lunch, which is 10 dollars cheaper than dinner with less menu items, but in my opinion had all that you need. They start the course by bringing out the normal stuff you get at a Korean place; but adding a mashed potato that we both raced over. Seemed like it has a little sweetness to it and it was excellent. We let our waitress know that this was our first time doing hot pot; and she explained a little. We still were left a little confused, but figured it out. There are different types of broth you can get and we both opted for the spicy one, which I don't believe was that bad. We got garlic chicken, shrimp, pork belly and a few apps (Gyoza and lobster balls) and the only thing I didn't like was the lobster balls. Pro tip- use the hot pot to cook the gyoza then throw it on the hot plate to get the pan fried effect. (3 dollars extra PP but in my opinion worth it.)  CHECK OUT THE SAUCE BAR- it's located by the actual bar. Luckily my coworker was raving about this part because it wasn't mentioned, but was the main reason my friend and I went because were all about condiments. You can choose what you like and there's also recipes for different sauces up there. Don't miss it. There's fruit for dessert. Overall, I think it's worth the price for lunch but probably  wouldn't pay the 28 dollars for dinner. It's a fun experience to do with a group of people though!  They have a 2 hour time limit but we were in and out in less than an hour(so full). Be aware, don't order too much because like other all you can eat places, there's an upcharge if a lot of food is left behind. 14$ is theirs, but as long as you are ordering as you go and being mindful, it shouldn't be an issue because the wait staff is attentive.
This spot is right on righteous! My fav broth was the tum yum soup. I came and ate here twice during my visit to philly.
Great food, great atmosphere. 100% worth the price. Try the short rib (Galbi), it's delicious.
Amazing service and all-you-can-eat hotpot and kbbq!!! 

I did not catch my wonderful waitress's name but she was the most attentive and nicest woman ever, would definitely come back here just to see her again! Consistent refills and grill changes!

The selection for korean hotpot/bbq meats/seafood are freaking great! First place, I have ever seen offer an actual nice sized sirloin and comes with little to no fat!! The kobe beef slices just melt in your mouth. You need two servings of it just for yourself, trust me. Loved the fresh vegetables and the meat variety along with crabs, squid, swai fish and etc. Get yourself some garlic shrimp! Cooks fast and tastes delicious even when you think it looks unseasoned. If you want your grill to be somewhat nice and free from sauce residue, stay away from the seasoned bulgogi, teriyaki salmon and calamari. They fall apart too easily and there's no way to tell if they're cooked or not because they are deeply smothered in sauce! The butter is definitely what threw me off because usually there's a stick of butter other than little containers and it's more work to get it out the plastic. 

Will most likely come back every week if I can, LOVE this place already!
New spot taking over the old Uno that's been vacant for years. For less than $30 a person, you get all you care to eat hot pot and bbq. The set up is all electric with 4 individual induction hit plates and a center grille in a large booth. Very comfy for our family of four. The induction plates are a safer alternative since it's magnetic and worn burn your hands but beware the pot is still hot. Wife enjoyed having her own personal hot pot. The center grill is also electric which cooks adequately but not quite the full charcoal flavor. On the upside the vents are built in and we didn't walk out smelling too bad. The place is very loud with hard surfaces reflecting sound and on top of that there's a loud k pop soundtrack. Fine for a small booth but wouldn't call it a place for dinner and conversation. I did see larger tables that can fit about 10 as well. Selection of meats, seafood, and vegetables was adequate and overall tasty. Stick with the unseasoned cuts, the bulgogi was overly sweet and underwhelming. But the pork belly and prime rib were delicious. Hit the sauce bar to your liking to enhance after instead of the marinated stuff. There's a small assortment of fruits and dessert soups to top off but frankly I had no room for it. They also serve alcohol which goes well with the cuisine. Service was attentive but there were some other diners that dragged the experience down, nothing like parents letting their kids basically yell at the wait staff....
Ehhh, came here with my wife's side of the family. They wanted some sort of AYCE, so my wife looked it up and suggested it to them. The old heads loved it, however, to me, it fell a lil short. Because of our large party, my family was split up. They had 12 at one long table and the remaining 5 sat at a smaller table. 

BBQ - all the meats were marinated WAY TOO SWEET. I felt like I was eating sugar. If I come back, it would just be for the hot pot.

Hot Pot - the broth was ok. We got the house special (mushroom that day) and the spicy broth. It didn't wow me. I wish I picked a different broth, but maybe next time. Choices for hotpot was plentiful. We filled up on a ton of meats, seafood, and veggies.

We didn't order as much stuff because we were afraid that if we didn't finish, they would have charged. I would have loved to try some odd items, and I know the other table had plenty, but my table had 2 kids which didn't eat much, so standard items it was.

Overall - I would definitely be back for another try, but this time, come with a smaller group so we are all together.
Best atmosphere from a Korean BBQ place! Very clean with typically great service. Sometimes the waiters/waitresses will help you cook your meat to the correct level, which I appreciate while I eat because often times it can become burnt. Consider that meat portions are for one (small) unlike most AYCE places, so you may have to order more. Sides and sauces are plentiful (I recommended dukbokki, popcorn chicken, and japchae). 

Overall great food, great service, a good time! AVOID going at busy hours (dinner weekends). Everyone has the same idea, so it may take an hour or two to get a table. KNOW that the smell of korean bbq will invade your clothing, even within one minute of being inside.
I loved this place! The atmosphere, the music, drinks  and the food.... Amazing! You get a booth with a menu to order all you can eat, then they will bring you the food to cook yourself. So I say if you're a k-pop fan or just love Korean or want to try something different, this is the place! Btw try to get there early, it is super crowded on Saturdays.
Hotpot is always a comfort food for me and my family so when ever I'm hungry and want a quick dinner - hot pot it is. Seafood tasted fresh, veggies were nicely portioned and soup is average. I'm used to going to 99 Flavor Taste in New York City where I can get a side dish of their spice which K Pot didn't have. Japchae appetizer was bland but smelled good.
Frankly, looks amazing in pictures and online, but when you actually get into the food...basically a Korean version of your strip mall Chinese buffet.   The ingredients are far from premium, the meat was pretty flavorless and skimpy, most of the good meats were not included in the basic all-u-can-eat deal, sauce selection was just ok...When it comes to sides, this is one are where Korean cuisine should really shine.  Again, pretty disappointing...radish kimchi was decent, but tteokbokki had no rice noodle in it, and regular kimchi was just ok.  Overall, ok for a work lunch, but skip it if you dream of a quality Korean bbq experience.
If you enter this place you'd probably see my brother there... has curly hair...practically lives there. 

I enjoy this place but I don't love it. I wish there was more variety for the lunch option. I'm a huge soup person and the shrimp they put the tofu soup is only included in dinner which is extremely disappointing.

But I can't say I've never left satisfied because their lobster balls, fried scallops and the meats they provide for the BBQ are extremely good.
Since this place opened I've been here A LOT.. like twice a month. Seriously. This is how good this place is. 

Location is great, free parking, staff are friendly, and food comes out fast (and fresh)! You can't beat the price for all you can eat either. They serve both hot pot and kbbq, or you can get both! Just add $3 which is a great deal.

If you like spicy, I recommend you get Tom Yum soup base for hot pot. It's my favorite and now my mom is hooked on it too!

For food, get anything you want! It's that goood. You will leave with a satisfied belly lol.
I have to say...all the all you can kbbq and hotpot spots that I've been to, this is by far the best spot to hit up. Came here for one of my friend's birthday dinner with a group of 11 people on a Friday night...yes there was a wait but only 30 mins. Unfortunately they don't take reservations on the weekend but that's okay. We all went with the kbbq and then added the hotpot for an extra $3 which was a great deal. We ordered our food and it came out super fast! Everything was fresh and delicious. Our server was very attentive and helpful! Customer service was an A+! Place was very nice and clean. Definitely will be coming back here! Highly recommend!
Went here for my boyfriend's birthday. We got hot pot and BBQ. Prices aren't bad for the quality. The wait wasn't too long (~30 mins) so we ended up walking around the mall until they texted us. Service is fast! They take your order and bring out the broth and items immediately. Sauce bar is your typical hot pot sauce bar. I got the Tom Yum broth and it was okay, not that flavorful. BBQ meats were very mediocre. The banchan was a nice touch though. 
Overall it was good experience but it is kind of far from the city so I don't know if I would go back.
Have to start even with dining outside it was a great dining experience. Our waiter Aiden was beyond helpful and deserves a raise due to only only serving and was extremely informative as well as friendly. We didn't do the table cooking (but will next time) and the food came out perfect. All you can eat definitely took a toll lol. Thank you for a great experience and will be back lots more.
This 5 star is for Aiden. I'm breaking a personal policy here in my usual Yelp review guidelines for rating on service over food, but Aiden brought service to a whole new level during my visit here, eclipsing anything I have ever had before in my life, including fine dining. And yes, I'm aware that at many Korean BBQ places, servers will help you cook or in some cases, handle all of the cooking for you (if they don't trust you), but Aiden struck the perfect balance between helping manage the BBQ when we were tending to hotpot and eating, while also letting us take the reins whenever we could without being overbearing or anything like that. Anything we ordered, whether it was hotpot, BBQ, or banchan, came out almost instantly, and the same goes for refilling our waters without us asking. Normally, I feel like AYCE places try to make it hard for people to get their money's worth through wait times and other things, but Aiden demanded complete fullness from us, which was a nice change of pace as a gesture. I'm sure it helped that we came during an early Friday lunch hour, but nonetheless, I feel compelled to highlight Aiden for going far above and beyond during our experience. My man deserves a raise.

If I were just going by food, I'd probably put this at maybe a borderline 4 star. My expectations are never super high for AYCE KBBQ/hotpot places, especially when they're lunchtime deals, but I think this place sufficed with having rather plentiful options (no kalbi though) and banchan at a good quality for the price. I should note that the pork cheek was a definite highlight of all the things we got, and I would call it a must-try for anyone coming here... probably one of the my favorite things I've ever eaten off a grill. For everything else, I would recommend the standard lamb, beef, fish (roe) balls, which are generally my favorites, and I'm sure you'd have a decent time just getting what you would normally get. But man, that pork cheek... something I have to steal for my own cooking.

Anyway, like I said, this one's for Aiden. You're in luck if he ends up being your server here, but even if it's not him, it seems like a quality culture for this new place. I'm from out-of-town, but I'd love to see this place stick around for the next time I'm around.
Great value for AYCE Korean BBQ. It was only $26 on a Saturday night and the wait only took about 15 min. Everyone in the party needs to be present in order to be seated. You start off with a few side dishes. There's unlimited refills but they unfortunately ran out of the fish cakes which were my favorite. In the back of the restaurant is a sauce bar with plenty of options on how to customize your dipping sauce. On the left is a few dessert options and the lychee jello was amazing.

My friends and I ordered a ton of meat and they came out really quickly. They also had a handful of seafood options but the meat was definitely the main focus. We were all stuffed when we left. I will definitely be back with my family!
This place is just awesome! We brought some friends to try it out and they loved it! 
Friendly staff and plenty of options for all tastes make this place a good spot to have a great spot for dinners with friends, specially if they haven't tried it. 
Red meat, fish, poultry and plenty of vegetables are available to be cooked as Korean BBQ or in the hot pot broth of your choice, or both! Salad bar also has desserts, so leave room for that as well. 
The sauce bar is great, you get to mix the ingredients and making your own dipping creation! 
The only downside to Korean BBQ places in general is that you may leave with your clothes smelling like the food you just grilled, so think about that before getting dressed to head out!
Came here on Valentine's Day.  Huge mistake.  Over an hour and a half wait.  I would give this more of 3.5 stars in my opinion but since I can't I'll lean closer to 4 stars than 3.  Besides the horrendous wait which I heard is like this pretty much every weekend everything else was fairly decent.  We went to the far to grab a drink while we finished out our wait and I will say they have great cheap drink prices.  That is a huge plus.  This is an all you can eat style place that does have a $14 per pound waste charge and you can not take anything to go. 

We finally got seated at our table and I was happy because I was starving.  They have two different sizes, two people and four people.  I am not sure if they have options for larger parties from what I could tell.  The two seater in my opinion is small if you plan on ordering a lot of stuff at a time because they put everything on individual dishes.  

So you pretty much order your soup base, go through the menu and tell them all the things you want from veggies and meat and you can cook them in your soup base or on the grill.  It's a cute interactive date for sure and it's inexpensive.  Anywhere between $26.99 and up I think depending on what type of styles you select.  I just know we choose the option to be able to pick anything out of the menu.  I won't list all of the items that we tried but the. Veggies and meats were fresh.  They do have plenty of veggies to choose from and they have chicken, beef , pork and seafood.  The soup bases that we tried were very flavorful as well.  

It was a cool experience but you will walk out of there smelling like a whole grill.  That was the part that sucked besides the long wait.  I didn't take any pictures because I was so hungry that I forgot .  We were told to come during the week day if we didn't want to wait over an hour and a half so that alone might keep me away from the place.
Went to K-Pot on the grand opening weekend since then we been there 4 times. For all the foodies out there this is a place to go, the variety of food they have is pretty good. We've been in others Korean bbq restaurants where the meats and veggies are limited but not here. Honest opinion this restaurant will meet your desires, highly recommended you do either BBQ alone or the pot alone, if you combined them (which there's nothing wrong by doing so) we believe is way to much food. They have a station to make your own marinating sauce and they have different seasoning guide you could use to have a perfect Korean experience. The ambience is good, side note the music maybe they might have to turn down a bit not too much because all 4 times we went to the restaurant having a conversation on the table could be challenging as  you could be screaming to the person in front of you so they can hear you. Other than that i rate 5 stars on Yelp, because: food, staff, location, parking, price.
I want to first mention how aesthetically pleasing and clean the venue is when you first walk in. The floors, walls, ceilings, tables and chairs all have a subtle and welcoming vibe. There is plenty of room to move around and get to different sections of the restaurant. We had the most pleasant manager, David, taking care of us and checking in if everything was okay. Our waitress, Hannah, was such a pleasure serving us with her attentiveness, great personality and help whenever we needed things. For my dining experience, I got both the hot pot and the bbq which were some of the best foods I've ever had. The tum yum broth is one the best hot pot broths I have ever eaten in all of the Philadelphia area. The broth was semi spicy and salty enough to create a flavor anyone can enjoy. The quality bbq meats, especially the short rib, were tender and flavorful which is some of the most important things I look for when eating bbq. This was one of my best experiences at any restaurant overall and not just compared to other hotpot and  bbq places in the area. I would recommend this place to everyone I know without hesitation and I will be back.
Best spot for hotpot in the NE. My favorite part about it is the seafood option - get more for ya buck. Best soup is Tom yum soup IMO. Great options for bbq from chicken-fish-beef.  & can't go wrong with the side dishes! Radish and pork belly ~ yummmm.
We eat out frequent, esp Korean bbq buffets. This is by far our most fave to go to. Decor is beautiful n modern. The food and service there is out of this world!!!! AND you eat for free if it's your birthday, do don't forget to bring your id. The meat selection is fresh and delish!! Everybody get their very own little hot pot. The only thing I don't like is, everybody have to order the same selection. I.e., if one get hot pot only, then EVERYBODY have to get hot pot only too. So we all got hot pot and bbq. Which isn't bad. Just there's A LOT of food. Still cheaper than 9ting in Chinatown and no need to look for parking. The wait staffs are super friendly and very attentive to your needs. Even when it's super busy in there. This is my 2nd times here and DEFINITELY won't be my last. They even have anime characters come out for your birthday celebrations. I think that's cute(see pictures)
The services and the food there were great. They marinade the meat in a specific way which you never be able to do it at home-.-. I tried a couple time they all failed. Don't go for shrimp
On mother's day night, i went in with my family 
I gave a call in advance to check availability 
I knew they must be busy since it was because of prime time , like around 7pm. Woman on the phone informed us that the waiting time was 35mins which was doable 
We arrived in the place within 30 mins. Place was packed! Full of people in the waiting area. 
When we got to the reception desk, they told us 2-3 hours of waiting time. 30 mins ago, it was 35mins wait. But within that time frame, increased to 2-3hours??
And she just laughed and said customers were kept coming. Should have told us honestly then we wouldnt have driven for 40mins to get there
We ended up going crappy chinese restaurant nearby that was not worth paying for.
Favorite hot pot place ever ever ever! Great selection and it's fun, supppper clean,  loud and plays EDM. The people are very nice and attentive. Im coming back every week.
We came at 4 pm on a Saturday and the place was packed. Surprisingly they have a lot of options for both kbbq and hot pot. The quality of the meats and variety is really good for what you pay. There's no limit on how much to order which is good. However because the place is so busy it can take a while before your order comes out or sometimes they even forget so you have to be a bit aggressive and check up on your order. That does disrupt a nice meal. Also some of the workers there don't seem so friendly and hospitable. If your server isn't around and you need something you should be able to ask someone else? Oh also the heat on the grill is a little low. Meats do cook slowly. 

So overall: good food, good price
Cons: wait staff and confusion because too busy
Food and decor was very nice and modern. I opted for both hot bbq and both were delicious, definitely better than Nine Ting in Chinatown.

Jimmy was my server and he was great at cooking our food and very attentive with refilling our drinks. I would definitely come back again.
So I went to K-POT like 4th time and the service is really amazing! One of my fave is the hotpot!!! So flavorful and so many choices! 
The price is really reasonable and so many food choices!
They also have a desert/ fruit bar! Love love ! 
The waiting is between 30  min to an hour but it worth a wait ! 
Everyone in there is super nice and make sure everything it okay and they also make sure the grill is change .
This my new hot pot / k bbq spot !!!
Great place close to Philly with tons of seating! We went there on a Monday night around 7pm and were immediately seated. Our server (I wish I got his name!) was amazing and had a great smile every time we interacted. He explained the menu to us and talked about hotpot in case we wanted to try that next time we were there but we knew what we were there for: KBBQ. I've only been to kbbq places where usually the servers cook the food for you but they'll generally let you cook it yourself. Here, they exclusively want you to cook your food which took a little more work than what I was used to. They had a sauce bar and while I love the concept I think it's hard for some of us not as familiar with Asian condiments to try and mix a sauce together. They did have some posters explaining some sauces but I think I would have preferred the sauces to be delivered to the table. Overall we had a good time.
This place is my favorite Korean Hot Pot and BBQ place. We had both for only $19.99 per person. They have a wide variety of choices even at lunch. I love their sauce bar, there are so much to mix from and their sago is delicious! 

Excellent service at the table and many parking available.
I definitely will be coming back here! I came here with my family on a Friday night and it was packed. I waited around 30 minutes and got served by waitress Hannah. She was AMAZING! She was attentive, speedy, and loved her personality. She made this experience top notch! 
The food was delicious and fresh. You can pick from variety of vegetables, seafood, and meats. The food came very fast right after I ordered. They also have a sauce bar which is a plus. 
Lastly, I can't forget about the decor. First thing I noticed when I walked in the door. They must spent a lot of time on it. The designs were so different and chic. I loved every aspect of it.
The food at this restaurant is excellent. However, since everything has to be cooked at either a grill or hot pot, they really need tables with larger grills or have multiple grills at large tables. Currently, their grill is very small and can only cook one entree-sized amount of meat at a time. We had a party of 6 and it took us sooo long to have a decent amount of food. If they fix this problem, there would be no problems giving them a solid 5-star rating.

Also, they have a policy whereby everyone at the table has to get the hot pot add-on once one person gets it. I have never seen this at any other Korean BBQ restaurant.
The place is nice and clean since is new. The food seem fresh but not too impress with the food options since dinner is $25 per adult, on top of it they don't accept American Express. I won't be back.
The ingredients are fresh and the meats are seasoned well. Service has been superb! Twice we have our waitress Winly and she has made our experience here very memorable. She went above and beyond to make sure we have plastic utensils for the little man, candy towards the end, even offered cough drops for grandma with the slightest cough. She explained the menu, answered questions we may have and made sure our waters was always tipped off. She offered to change our grill when our meats were getting charred. Excellent service! All in all, this is our favorite Korean bbq & hotpot ayce place. The broths are flavorful - love miso, herbal and kpot special which changes so make sure to ask. They also have a sauce bar with fruits and desserts provided (limited but better than other places not having any included).
This place is absolutely incredible. Yesterday I went with a good friend of mine and it was delicious. For $28 you get to have unlimited hotpot and bbq for two hours. It's doesn't seem like much time to eat, but the grill does work fast. We waited no more than a minute or so for anything we ordered. Our servers, as well as other members of the wait staff were prompt and attentive. Drinks were always refilled and there was always someone checking on us. The hot pot was beautifully done, we both got Szechuan. I'm quite good with spice and she is not, but the broth wasn't overly spicy at all, it was also perfectly salted. As far as decor, the restaurant is beautiful and the bathrooms were extremely clean. With the quality of the food, as well as the diligence of the staff, the owner has a recipe for continued success if all remains consistent. This will be my go to place when I'm in the area. I'll be back in two weeks!
This place is definitely a eye candy. The place looks modern and the food is beyond measure. If you have ever experienced Korean bbq you know it's all about being fresh and all sorts of combos of sauces. You definitely get your fair share of sauces to choose from and you definitely can't go wrong. I give this a full 5 star review after going her 6+ times.
Best place I've eaten at. SOOOOO GOOD! They have great service and really really kind workers food was absolutely amazing and all came really fast almost immediately. Great price for such amazing food def recommend for a friend hang out or celebration and they are very good with being cautious during COVID with taking all the precautions to keep them and customers safe! 10/10 recommend.
Absolutely the best Korean BBQ place around. Don't forget to try the Soju it's the bomb.
Having 2 small kids and a hot pot on a small table don't mix. Thankfully the weather was perfect for outdoor seating, and we were cooking bbq like what we would do on a backyard patio. The staff was very accommodating and kept bringing everything what we would need to keep us comfortable with the whole set up. Hotpot was done indoors and served. A bit expensive but worth it!
I was looking for a good hot pot restaurant for these cold winter nights after a long day at work and I found it. I recommend it 100%! We ordered hot pot and bbq. Both exceeded my expectations but hot pot won my heart. We ate so much and we payed $ for what we ate.
Came back for a second time and this time the food was just as good as the first. Our server this time wasn't as attentive as Brandon, our server from the first time. We had to look for her a couple times when we needed something. Brandon, surprisingly remembered us and stopped by to say hi. He checked up on us more than our server did. He told us he recently just started working here so for someone that's new, he's doing a great job. This time we actually remembered to try their sauce bar. They have a large selection of sauces and spices. We live over an hour away but the drive it worth it.
Loved it! Great family fun!
It was a long wait but everyone was really nice. It was the second day they were open ever so there was a buzz of excitement in the air from the staff to the clientele. The food was fantastic. My daughter who is originally from Chongqing, China the home of the hot pot was thrilled that she finally got to try that spicy soup. My son loved all the side dishes, my husband liked the seafood esp the clams and I liked the bbq. It is expensive but it was for my Mother's Day and My daughter's adoption anniversary. Go try lots of dishes and have an adventure! I totally recommend it.
My father in law has a cane and they says us at the back, the furthest from the door. Next time you see a handicap person sit them closer. It's really unacceptable to make a disabled person walk through the entire empty restaurant. 
This is the last time we'll ever be back.
And the table was sticky so protocols are not be followed.
There's not too many AYCE Korean BBQ options in the Philadelphia area so this place definitely stands out as a viable option. We came here for our friend's birthday since they offer a free meal for the birthday guest which is awesome! Apparently, it was also 10 other guests birthday too since the staff members all gather each time to sing happy birthday at the respective tables. The quality of the items while not top notch is sufficient for satisfying a craving. We had come with a party of 7 people which is more difficult since they only have one heating plate per table so cooking food is not as efficient. The staff are not great at replacing the plates either and it's a bit difficult at times to get their attention since the place can get quite busy. I've definitely want to revisit here again but probably with less people to maximize the cooking experience.
All you can eat Korean BBQ with a sauce bar where you can create your own tasty combinations to add to the grilled meats. The service was quick and attentive. Thank you Dion for showing our group a great time and your suggestions. 

The meats and seafood were all fresh and ready to hit the electric grill. You can couple the various meats with sauces and as the grill chars up the waiter will remove the charred grill and replace it with a fresh one. 

I loved the ribeye, bulgogi, shrimp, spicy chicken, salmon and tuna. The long hots, zucchini and mushrooms also tasted delicious when they were grilled with some sauces. 

The Sapporo and Kirin beer were cold and $2 off. 

Highly recommend this place for a different type of dining experience.
Good food and price is reasonable. We ordered the hotpot and korean BBQ combo. We came there twice. The first time the waiter service is very fast and efficient. The second time service is just okay. The environment is clean and modern. The only complaint is the music - too loud for us.
Having lived in Los Angeles  and frequented Korean restaurants barbecue in particular I've had my share of Korean food and while this restaurant wasn't terrible it certainly didn't live up to what I've experienced. The barbecue meat quality was good I guess but it was so heavy sauced that it would hide any flavor of any meat that you would get. The grill itself  is not a true charcoal grill at the table it's more like a saut pan with vents so the grease tends to buildup and you don't get the charr bits of the meat which is kind of disappointing however the Japchae. was very good as well and all the  bonchan.  For this area it's great and will do very well but personally I'd  rather spend more money and go for the real deal in NYC
Was the best experience I ever had with a buffet all you can eat everything worth the cost and worth the wait a family outing once a month for me if not two a little small but not cluttered food was fresh can't complain bout the chef when u are the chef at this place
Great service. Plenty of variety and tons of sauces at the sauce station. 10/10 would recommend
Best place!!!!! Will be coming back ASAP! Food service everything in one! Nothing needs improvement just another happy place here on earth
I was very excited about this place when I heard it was opening in Philadelphia Mills. I've tried many Korean BBQ & Hot Pot places in Philly and California so it was nice to have one so close to home. 

We went for lunch on a weekday since we heard they can be very busy at peak times. We got seated very quickly. The decor is very hip but the the music is very loud so it was hard to hear our waitress and each other. 
If you're looking for a relaxing atmosphere for a meal, this is not it. 

Since this was our first time here, the waitress was very nice and patient in explaining how everything worked. One thing that surprised us was that all parties at the table have to order the BBQ or Hot Pot option or the comb for $3 more/person. Fine, since this was the first time, we decided to try the combo. 

The hot pot and BBQ selections are pretty big. There are vegetables, meats, fish balls, seafood. The food is served very quickly and everything seemed very fresh. There is a large selection of sauces and condiments you can help yourself too. There's a "dessert bar" too but it's only a few choices of fruits and some jello. 

Overall, I'm glad to see a new unique dining option here in the area. The staff seem nice and the food is good.
This has been my favorite hotpot place since it's been open! Where can I start? There is ample parking outside. The dining room is decently lit and the booths are spacious. Plus they usually have the dae bak playlist from spotify blazing. On food, you can decide to go with kbbq, hotpot, or both!

Kbbq is good. You get pretty much the same selection of meats as hotpot, and your table shares a grill. While the meat had some flavor I'd recommend hitting up the sauce bar, and getting some sauce + garnish. The rib eye and short rib were hits at my table. My one wish is that they use charcoal grills instead of electric ones, but that's outside of my purview.

The hotpot is amazing! Each person gets their own pot and soup of choice. I always get the Szechuan spicy soup base (which can sometimes be a soft simmer or a light burn), and before I add anything else I add some extra garlic, cilantro, and spring onions for max soup flavor. For the sauce, the standard is ponzu with garlic, cilantro, a dash of sesame oil, and scallions. Our favorite meats are usually the prime brisket and the sliced pork belly. Kobe beef and beef tongue are usually okay, as long as they're not cut so thick and aren't cooked too long. Lamb is good if you're looking for a lean meat option, but don't overcook that either! Compared to other places in the area, the seafood is usually fresh too. Although one dish I would hesitate to recommend is the popcorn chicken. At first I thought "cool" but the batch we got was eh.

If you had to choose between the two, hotpot is the way to go. The service is awesome, and I think we've only ever gotten average service once out of all the times we've been there. Will definitely be back!
Really good food and drinks. They serve both alcoholic and non alcoholic beverages. Love both the hot pot and bbq option!
I have been back couple of times, I thing the hostess are not the best but food and atmosphere are great for family dinner and friends.
Our server Amanda was great and very attentive. The Google listing for K-Pot says it opens at 11:30 am but it really opens at 12:00 noon on Saturdays. There was a small line already formed which speaks for the place. The portions are great. I do recommend the pork belly and steak cuts. We only did BBQ but I would definitely want to try the Hot Pot. It's very spacious unlike Nine Ting in Center City which is more crowded. There's also ample parking space. I'd definitely go here over Center City for a Korean BBQ fix.
Awesome spot. Best cucumber kimchi I've had outside of Korea. My favorite Korean bbq place I've been to. We had Amanda as our waitress and she was awesome! The menu is extensive and everything was fresh. Can't wait to come back
I think this place trumps all other hotpot place in Philly. The broth options were great and flavor was excellent. We had tom yum, spicy korean tofu and miso. All the different flavors were amazingly good. It did not make you thirsty after the meal.

We came on a Sunday and it was the all you can eat hotpot and bbq option. We had alot of the menu item and it was to order but limitless. Keep in mind they do have a food waste charge if you order way too much and can not finish. Lol.

Meats, seafood and veggies for the hotpot were fresh and great portion size per order. Crab, fish tofu, fishball, tofu skin, silken tofu, shrimp, beef brisket, beef and veggies were plenty with our first order. Great portion size.

The bbq was just as good. A plate of butter, garlic, long hots, onion, potato, zucchini, korean bulgagi, chicken, short ribs were excellent. The chicken was a little harder to cook because it was diced. Lol. But ok.

Condiments, so many different sauce options. Very good selection. Also a small fruit and jello section.

Our server was Mary. She was attentive, knowledgeable and on point for all questions and service. Quick and precise. Request to sit in her section. Lol. She is that good. 

Parking is in the lot and free. Our all you can eat was about $30 per person. Can beat that price or how good the food was. Definitely worth the trip and ride up there considering it is a 30 min ride plus, pending traffic.
