One of the best Chicken Karahi I ever had with piping hot Naan. More than an hour long drive is totally worth it.
First of all, the solid two points on here are merely just for the quality of food. I'm not one to ever review, but was just so disappointed by the $22 I spent here for getting kiddies meal that I had to write a review.

Ordered side orders of tandoori chicken, lamb chops and beef tikka but still left hungry. More like hangry. The quantity of food is so little, I get that it's "side order" but if they are charging $7 for each dish Id consider to get more than 3 pieces of beef boti and lamb chops. After asking the owner  to come over and look, his response was basically too bad and continues to tell my friend and I that he never heard that his quantity was ever an issue. Despite how good the food was, the attitude of the owner and his inability to understand our perspective is enough to keep me away.

Will save my appetite and money for a place that appreciates it more than how we just got treated.
There's a reason why the substantial parking lot of this run-down diner car is always filled with taxis. For good Middle Eastern/South/Central Asian (not sure exactly which region Pakistan is considered part of) food, follow the Middle Eastern/South/Central Asian cabbies. I know Pakistanis from New Jersey who gladly pay the $4 bridge toll to eat at this restaurant. 

I've tried just about everything here, and pretty much everything is solid. Some things are better than others, and some things (like salmon or chicken breast) can be a little dry at times. However, everything is really flavorful, and all the platters (~$11) come with rice, a huge slab of naan, a small serving of meh salad-from-a-bag and a veggie side. Each platter is a meal and a half for me. I'm partial to the lamb (both chops and kebab), the tandoori chicken is great, and their post-Ramadan whole fried chicken deal is pretty good. The spicy green sauce that comes with every platter is clutch, so ask for extra. 

For hearty homestyle Pakistani food-from-the-grill, Kabobeesh is the way to go.
Been here for takeout countless times because their food is always consistently good.
If you're doing takeout, one thing to know is that they usually only have chicken and/or lamb curry ready to go at the counter/hot food bar.  So if you're planning on getting any grill items (i.e. tandoori, kabob, resham, etc.) call ahead because it does take about 15-20 mins to make these dishes.
The man that I believe is the owner and who answers the phone, is very curt.  Don't let that sway you away from this place, but instead call knowing what you want.  He'll probably answer 1 or 2 questions if you're looking for food descriptions, and then tell you he's very busy and to just come into the restaurant.  Just a heads up.

My Picks:
Either Resham Chicken or Resham Beef are excellent choices.  You'll get 2 huge, sausage-like pieces with tons of herbs and spices.  
Curry chicken is much better than their lamb curry (the lamb is a bit too chewy) 
Lamb Kabob is awesome and generous portion for the price 
Tandoori chicken is a bit dry but it's spiced right and got flavor

Other things to know:
Platters come with 2 sides (or 1 side and salad) and rice
Ask for the green sauce..SOOO GOOD! 
Students get a free soda or mango drink
I've been eating here for many years. Prior to my Yelp birth.

This is not your average kebab house no matter the region or country of cuisine. Here's what I think about their food:
1) Best sabzis... I have always eaten the chickpeas, but today I added an eggplant/potato side that was amazing. Potatoes and eggplant still had a slight firmness and not too soft or overcooked. Their vegetable sides have a spiciness that's not over hot, but not tame either
2) Amazing naan.
3) Minced meat kebabs (Resham Beef and Chicken) are the best I have ever had. They have lamb on the menu. I wished they had a minced lamb kebab.

Whenever I am in town, I try my best to get here. Unfortunately it's only a couple of times a year.
Executive Summary:
Food - 4.5 stars
Wait  - 2 stars
Service - 2 stars

So you want some tasty kebabs and Lahori cuisine while in the Univ City area? Your answer is clear - Kabobeesh.

Now some Dos and Don'ts:

- Don't waste time looking at the menu as they won't have half the stuff listed on it. 

- Do instead look at the steam table by the register where you order and pick an item.

- Do order a few kebabs you see in the glass front refrigerated case.

- Don't let a half empty restaurant  fool you into thinking you will get your food in short order - it will take 20-30min.

- Don't expect good customer focused service

The wait is quite long and your tummy will growl from the aroma of the kebabs but once the food arrives you will be in bliss.

Recommend the Reshami beef kebab and chicken tandoori kebab along with a tandoori naan.

The kebabs and paya (goat trotter stew) was as authentic as I have enjoyed in India and Dubai. 

Best way to order it is to call ahead but I heard him giving a hard time to someone who was trying to place a take out order.

Samosas are over priced.
Kabobeesh, when'd you get ya face lift? I'm not around for a couple of months and gone is the silver diner car, replaced with a beige stucco kinda deally. Well, your outside has changed but it's what's inside that counts and you're still full of some great kebobs, Pakistani cookin, and tandoori deliciousness. Ahhh Kabobeesh is the beesht. 

This spot is a true favorite of ours, especially when we're driving back home from a Westerly ways in the middle of the night. There's paking, and there's a lot of eatin for around $11 up until 11 at night. By, "a lot of eatin," I mean that I always leave with leftovers, and I'm generally highly regarded as a lifelong member of the Clean Plate Club.

(Random Kabobeesh side-note factoid: The first time we ate a Kabobeesh they surprisingly had Sunday night football playing on the giant flat screen TV and we happened to be dining at the same time as a Cricket league all dressed in their whites. My husband had one conversation with one of these cricketers which rekindled his latent fascination with this sport and now we have Willow, the Cricket cable channel and a beach Cricket set for down the shore. Random Kabobeesh side-note factoid over.)

I really enjoy the flavorful grill-fired tender lamb and tasty chicken kabobs, but I think that their tandoori chicken is my favorite favorite. This bird is stained bright red on the outside and kissed with char, while inside is bright white, juicy and delicious chicken on the bone. It's served with the most excellent naan- really the greatest. You also get to choose your side vegetables. Now, sometimes you choose one side and have a salad bag salad as your other option, but other times we've been able to pick two of their sides- Not sure what the rules are bout this, but two veg sides always beats the bag.

And let is never be said that I am not one to appreciate a perfectly cooked chickpea. Kabobeesh's chana has never been mushy murk, in my experience. Instead the legumes are all incredibly in tact; firm plump fellas and all creamy inside, and swimming in well-spiced sauciness. I appreciate this!

This feast is the beesht.
This place is mighty good. Those kebabs are bangin, the sides are so spicy you'll cry. The naan is unbelievable!

They have raised thier prices about 50% in 2 1/2 years. Inflation sucks but it's not like I am getting more food than before. But honestly, you can get two meals out of one, so why not just share??

You and your lover can try to catch each other's spit on fire afterwards.
I came across Kabobeesh after checking out Toviah's for some good deals. Deciding that it was a day for trying new things, I stopped in to pick up some grub. It was a place that I had always wanted to try and had heard good things about. Housed in a diner that has been converted into a halal/Pakistani restaurant, the place's decor hasn't really changed since its days as a diner...except for the addition a heated food display and a giant TV that plays old Pakistani films. I think the mainly Muslim clientele speaks of the place's authenticity. After eating here, I now also know where several Philly cab drivers go for their mid-day break and meal.

As Kabobeesh specializes in kebabs, I opted for the lamb kebab platter. As I waited patiently for my food, I was entertained by a martial art fight scene from the Pakistani movie and a heated discussion between two elder gentlemen and a younger fellow. I only wish I could understand what the row was over. Anyways, it took them about 15 minutes to roast the skewer of lamb in their grill. The platter came with rice, a delicious warmed pita, salad, and one or two sides. I chose the spinach as my side.

The lamb was absolutely fantastic--roasted to perfection and seasoned perfectly. Even in its fully cooked state, each bite was tender and the lamb's flavor was fully brought out. In terms of the sides, the only thing that was really memorable was the absolute spiciness. After eating the spinach, I was sweating and had a runny nose. I couldn't even finish it... Even worse, while I was playing ice hockey about two hours later, I could still feel the lingering burn in my stomach.

The kebabs are hands down the best thing on their menu.
Everything everyone has written about Kabobeesh being authentic, spicy, a cabby hang out, having large portion sizes and I agree with. 

I just wanted to add that you can get a huge veggie wrap for 3.99 and I believe it is vegan.  Again, I warn you it is spicy.  

Finally, I wanted to just saying something about the big screen TV that is always playing Pakistani stuff--it's loud, people are watching it, commentating and reacting.  I've been known to love this and hate this, depending on my mood.  Also, the place is a little dirty, a little rough around the edges, not really the place to take a couple squares.  Which might be why I like it.


------
I recently went back here and got food poisoning.  So did my girlfriend. I think it is the mayo sauce they let sit out. That's all I could guess but I was vomiting for days. Just, FYI.
Kabobeesh is Philly's best known Pakistani restaurant.  Located in an old diner in University City, this is a popular place with Penn students as well as Pakistanis.  And why is this so?  Because the food is very good, the service friendly, and the prices extremely fair.  I recently enjoyed the Beef Resham platter here.  Resham is an Urdu word meaning 'silky' and this is a smooth dish.  For starters I ordered a Chicken samosa and a veggie cutlet.  However they did not turn out to be starters as they came after my entrée.  Oh well .... everyone is so friendly here it is easy to forgive this mistake and it worked out for the best as I could take them home to eat later.  Desert was Ras Malai.  If you don't know this desert, it is a tasty cheese and cream concoction. Kabobeesh is a good place to know about when hanging in University City.
Just to be clear the poor rating is not for the food; I have had the kabobs here few times and they are pretty good and the naan is excellent. 

Now the bad part; boyfriend and I walk in there and it's packed. Obviously I wasn't expecting good service cause this place is like a diner and most people just go here for take outs. So my boyfriend orders the food and the cashier lady literally just looks through him and asks me what we want. I speak Hindi which helped matters and my boyfriend is white; so read between the lines. 

The worst part isn't over; we waited for 40 mins and we did not get our food. So I walked up to one of the guys who was calling out the order numbers and asked about my order. He said he doesn't see it; I showed him the receipt. He said he ll have it ready in 15. I go back after 15 mins and they give me the WRONG order. I pointed that out and the guy just gets pissed and rolls his eyes at me. He says if you want to eat just take this order and it's on us. I was starving by then and we had movie tickets for a movie at Rave that was starting soon. 

The food was decent; I will not deny that and he did give our money back. But the people who work in this place have a terrible attitude. I must mention that the cook who works here has been around for a while and he is actually super nice. But he doesn't deal with customers any more; it's just these rude pissed off people who don't know the first thing about customer service.
A 1950s-vintage diner turned Pakistani restaurant, Kabobeesh is undoubtedly the best cheap-eats restaurant in the University City/nearer West Philly area.  The patrons are a mix of South Asian cab drivers, South Asian Penn students, and white West Philadelphians.  The interior is dominated by the big-screen Arabic satellite TV and overhead flourescents, although there are enough original chrome details from the joint's diner days to give it some charm.

I highly recommend the Resham Beef skewers, which you can get either as a bargain meal with rice, a side dish, and a fresh naan or a la carte.  They look like turds on a stick, but I doubt turds could ever taste this good.  Also, be sure to ask for extra green sauce, it's delicious.  The yellow lentils and the spinach are the two best sides, but the selection of sides seems to rotate and I'm not sure what the schedule is.  Whatever you get, be sure to try the oven-fresh naan--it's always hot hot hot, bubbly on the top and brushed with olive oil. Also, you can carry in beer here, which, as you might expect, goes wonderfully with this food.
This place is pretty cute I guess.  It looks like a retro diner and is pretty small.  My boyfriend and I went here for dinner on a Monday night and it was packed and extremely busy.  

We ordered off the daily menu (the chicken curry) and also the tandoori chicken off the kabobs.  Both came with a small salad, a side of a vegetable dish (not much choice here; there was only lentils or eggplant&potatoes but it probably varies depending on what they felt like making that day), a large portion of naan, and rice.  They took about 15-20 minutes for them to prepare it, which sucked but at the same time it's understandable because there were only two people working there.  They pack everything into one of those styrofoam to-go containers if you order it to go so you don't really get that much of the vegetables or the salad..so mostly it's just rice and the protein that you chose.  

I do have to give them props for having vegetarian dishes that are cheaper than the meat dishes ($7 compared to around $10) and having a variety of meat dishes (lamb, beef, chicken, etc).  

They use charcoal to grill the kabobs! Yummy.  Also the naan portion is really generous and isn't soggy, etc.  Will definitely be back in the future!  Definitely worth a try.
I have been coming to this place for quite some time...like back when the restaurant was an old train or subway car. Now, when you roll up to this place, you're greeted by relatively new stucco facade; however, when you walk in, it's still the same old place. Everything here is delicious. Normally, my dad would buy something on the way home from visiting somewhere in Philadelphia and I can't say that I remember having many experiences where we ate the food fresh from the kitchen. That being said, this food held up ridiculously well during transit. A quick reheat of the samosas or any curry dish and it was like we were enjoying it in the restaurant. 

Recently, I had the opportunity to dine in the restaurant. First things first, let me tell you right now that there is nothing like a fresh kabob roll. I usually go for the chicken kabob roll. The naan is light and fluffy and the yogurt sauce hasn't had a chance to make it soggy. The salad that's in the roll is still crisp and has the perfect crunch to add to the dish! As I write this review, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. The chicken samosas are really great too. Just the right amount of spice and a nice balance of potato and veggies too. The prices are on point for this place - make sure you come hungry and with plenty of cash!!
I was there and they had roaches traveling on the floor. I was very disappointed. 
No doubt the food is good but very dirty place.
This place is just epic. It is by far one of the best Indian BBQ I have had in the US and that's saying something! Portions are fair and sides are really good (all of them). Can't wait to try their biryani which is only there for one day I guess. I ordered the whole menu and so far my least favorite is the Salmon but everything else is just amazing. Highly recommended for BBQ lovers and fast Indo/Pak food! Also very fairly priced I think in comparison to other Indian places.

On a side note their delivery guy is an idiot, always gets lost and is late. Also whats the point of the tip if he doesn't come to your door?
Nothing beats a Lahore Chargha delivered to your door step piping fresh and hot out of the oven. After reading some of the reviews, I felt compelled to leave my own. I don't understand why some people would go to an old diner with a parking lot full of cabs and expect the ambiance of a 5 star restaurant or any sort of ambiance for that matter. I must admit that I really enjoyed the review knocking the place and the reviewers as Penn college girls living a fantasy lol... 

West Philly is a culinary heaven for the ethnic food aficionado and Kabobeesh is one of the staple destinations. In fairness some items on the menu are a bit lacking (e.g. side salad, lamb kabob) but that's ok with me because I don't order anything that isn't phenomenal. I base my review on how well the establishment caters to the needs of it's target audience (in this case a complete success). Personally I hate commercial style Asian (central/south) restaurants that are prevalent throughout University City because the flavors are always lacking... Sadly, there are very few places that make their foreign cuisine "back home" style which is a real shame.

Suggestion, if you so desperately need ambiance and food that caters specifically to your western pallet, go to New Delhi or another similar style restaurant. It will make you far more happier. I'm just giving fair warnin so you don't waste your pennies going someplace that doesn't suit you and further compels you to insult other the other reviewers who give positive feedback. 

-Content West Philly resident (aka affluent Penn student who's no stranger to 5 star elite dining)
I recently took some friends here who had their heart set on "falafel" but it was no where on the menu. What I thought was a mediterranean assortment was cleverly disguised by an "indian/pakistani" cuisine. 

I had the lamb kabob pierced by a metal skewer next to others that were strategically presented in a raw state inside a refrigerated display case. My hunch was that the food was displayed in this fashion to maintain the authenticity of the establishment's prized "genuine" indian cuisine. There was also a heated buffet that only those behind the counter could access. Food didn't take very long to prepare.

The best part of our meal was the round flatbread made fresh from a contraption operated by a man who took rounds of dough balls that were flattened and placed inside a well of a hot plate which cooked them through. 

The chickpeas and spinach with potatos that usually come with entree meals were on the hot and spicy side, but can be generally relieved with that amazing bread. Didn't try the desserts but I suspect that they weren't a big hit because I didn't see one person opt for any of the sweet treats.  As a side note, if you have a student I.D., you are entitled to one 12 oz. can of soda. 

So, if you want an authentic Indian meal with a humble setting and reasonable prices- then this place could be right for you. Would not recommend to a novice, but in case you are, prepare your palattes.
Food is okay at best. Service is terrible. Owner son is rude and argumentative. If you need quality food go to wah ji wah down the street. Only upside to this place is that this place open late. Terrible food, terrible service.
My ex-boyfriend is Pakistani, and when I told him that I wanted to eat real Pakistani food, he took me here. The food is spicy, good and reasonably priced. And yes, the parking lot is always full of cabbies which goes to show that it is authentic. 

I'm taking off a star because the cashiers can be a little... condescending depending on your race. I am of European descent and when I asked for a mango lassi the cashier said, no, you want a soda. No, I asked for a lassi and that is what I want. Eventually he gave in, but the lassi was not the right temperature. Still, a good place and a very large TV.

UPDATE: Apparently if you are a student,  you get a free can of soda. Imagine that!
I didnt even get my food yet but the kid at tge register is an asshole. When i went back to order with my friends he kept asking what we wanted after we kept repeating our order. I waited 25 mins to get me food and he gave me the wrong order. I asked them to make my order again and he came back in 3 mins with the plate in the picture above. This restaurant is bullshit.
Driving by this place I remembered seeing them on Yelp and decided to give them a try. Omg!! I'm so glad I did. The chicken kabob chunks were huge, thoroughly seasoned and cooked to perfection. I also tried the resham beef which was superb. Though I'm not much of a red meat eater, the large juicy piece of ground meat had a mouthwatering mix of spices that I just couldn't resist. To top it all off, their green sauce really kicked things up a notch. If you're a lover of freshly grilled meats this is the place to be.
This place made me feel like I was eating in India again! Born and raised in Mumbai city, I'm used to brilliant kebabs and biryani, which I fail to find in the USA. But after visiting these guys, I can safely say that I've finally found a place that serves something close to what we get back in India! Their biryani meal and the Tandoori chicken appetiser are both delicious. The lamb curry is spiced to perfection. Overall, the closest to an authentic Indian meal with the scrupulous flavours one would expect!
Walking into Kabobeesh, I was totally out of my element. The restaurant was empty, except for two other customers, and I had no idea what to get. I had no idea what to expect. Instead what I got was some of best food around in University City.

A Pakistani restaurant specializing in kebab, I ordered the lamb chop platter. Coming with two sides (I doubled up on chickpeas) and naan, you really get your money's worth. But most importantly, the food was amazing. The lamb chops were incredibly flavorful, tender, and soft. Although slightly salty, I was pleasantly surprised by the soft texture, melding of spices, and smokiness of the meat. SO YUMMY. The naan is so fresh; it came out piping hot, crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside. 
The chickpeas were kind of cold and oily, but were very flavorful. I can't imagine how delicious it'd be fresh.

The star of my meal though was the rice. I honestly could've eaten the basmati rice all by itself with satisfaction. So fluffy and spiced to perfection, I'm definitely come back just for this.

Although the wait time may be long, Kabobeesh is well worth it! Please support this local business and try some delicious kebab for yourself!
Cheap eats at this Pakistani hotspot!

I love going here for a fix.  Was just there the other night for some lamb curry.  This place is not hard to find.  You really can't miss the big sign on 42nd and Chestnut streets.  

The outside looks like a retro diner, on the inside you have a decent amount of seating on either side of the service counter.  This place is very popular and can be very busy on certain nights especially at dinner time.  They do have take out as well.

I am partial to the ready made food at the front.  On most nights there are varieties of curries and sides.  My favorite is lamb curry.  The sides, like the chickpeas and cauliflower are really good as well.  They have specials on certain nights, like Friday which is Biryani night.  

The guys at the counter are very friendly, although they can get flustered when its really busy.  But they know how to huff it, so you arent waiting long for take out or eating in.

This is authentic food with little to do about presentation.  So if you are looking for haute cuisine, move along.
I have so many mixed feelings on this place, but in the end, they still earn a solid 3 stars.

Yes, they are difficult to deal with, yes they like to yell at you over the phone, yes they will occasionally be upset if you're using a credit card, and yes, sometimes some of their food isn't as fresh as it could be, but with the low prices they are charging, the paucity of the clientele they serve, and the difficulty of finding a good Pakistani restaurant anywhere (not just in Philly) they have been around long enough and dished out more than enough hot bbq and kabobs to make up for their short comings.

Keep in mind this isn't your average run of the mill lunch or dinner place. It's more of a shack type spot and while it's usually pretty clean, it may not be the right joint for you if you aren't down to eat at picnic tables and listen to Pakistani/Indian cable TV. 

They have great sides, great bbq, and just, well, pretty much great everything down to the sauces, samosas and drinks, as long as it's hot and fresh.  

I recommend pretty much anything off of the grill and the prices are all pretty even so if you come back more than once, try a few different things on the menu and you'll always still get the right quantity. And, if you don't finish your food, I will. 


This is our version of Tony Luke's. Enjoy.
My experiences with Kabobeesh have been similar to my experiences with Taco Bell: either I have a delicious meal that leaves me completely satisfied or I have explosive diarrhea that leaves me completely dehydrated.  I've stopped eating Taco Bell but am always willing to take a chance with Kabobeesh--it's that tasty
Just excellent. Im Pakistani so I am always looking for a place they makes food like you find back home and this place is it, with the minor exception that the food could be spicier (but for that obviously YMMV).

Highly highly recommend anything off the grill and especially a fan of their chicken karahi (serves like 4 people).

The owners are two guys from Pakistan, extremely pleasant to all customers and provide top service.

Maybe only downfall is there is limited seating.

Just go and try it!
Definitely the best Pakistani food around. I've been eating here often for the past 3 years and from day 1, I knew the taxis in the parking lot were a good sign. 

I always order the chicken resham roll which I've never been unhappy with. Though there are a lot of halal options around (namely Shaban right across the street), I like Kabobeesh's rolls the best because their tandoori naan always tastes the best. It's fresh, just crispy enough, and extremely tasty. Ask for some extra green sauce and you won't be disappointed!
Besides Gin and name-that-tune, my favorite game to play is "How many cabs are in the Kabobeesh parking lot?" taught to me by my ace Kevin. The record, for folks out there playing at home, is 12.

Like Jon said, the cheaply priced food is very authentic. Inside, you will have an "Otis, my man!" moment, as I don't think since its relocation, this restaurant gets a lot of clientele like myself. No less, having never ventured deep into the menu, all I can tell you is the kabobs are proper, and it's a good place to eat in a part of town that doesn't have much middle ground with available parking. One of the last remaining diners of the area.
Good chicken kabab(it's spelled kabab not kabob; if its Pakistani, as the menu says, then It's spelled with an 'a' not an 'o') and nice channa to go with it. Rice wasn't good at all. Naan was ok, they should have more variety, as in roghni etc 

Now to the rest of the stuff:
Confusing decor, what is it supposed to be? An amalgam of an American diner with Pakistani channel on the tv? If you wanna create an authentic atmosphere, at least go the full mile. 

The cleaners came on whilst we were eating. We were treated to looking at the trash as it was getting cleaned up. Yum, really nice for building up appetite. 

There was one poor guy who was doing three jobs: cooking, cashier, manager type. I felt sorry for him as he was doing the best he could. Maybe it was just our timing, but the place was a bit understaffed.
I go there with my freinds all the time, till I was at the bathroom and saw the guy that makes the bread leaving without washing his hand, I did confront the guy in front, and he did yell at him, but that doesn't mean he will clean his hand next time, the food is good but if it's going to get me sick, I don't want it.
I've been wanting to try this place for quite some time now. As an Indian, I know Pakistani food is A-mazing. Their meats and spice mixes are exquisite. I have to say that this place did not disappoint.Very value for money. We ordered chicken kebabs, lamb kebabs, chicken biryani and lamb curry. Try different kebabs in your visit, you don't have to make a meal, ala carte skewers are good tasting options. Biryani was amazing, the spices were perfectly blended. They serve a veg dish with their meals which did not look too appealing to me. I ordered chapli kebab but they were out of beef which they told me about much towards the end of my meal. They did compensate by giving me chicken sheekh kebab on the house. Meal size is very big. It comes with naan, meat, rice and a side of vegetables. I'm giving one less star because they were out of a lot of things at just 1:30 pm.

Will definitely go back to try the much recommended chapli kebab.
On a weekday we stopped in for a late lunch. Even though it was around 3pm the place was pretty busy. The tables were covered in a checkerboard pattern tablecloth with the menus pressed under glass. After sitting for a while, we realized it was the type of place where we order at the counter and then sit down. After deciphering the specials, asking questions and pointing to things, we ended up ordering the chicken samosa, beef and chicken kebab platter, the tandoori chicken platter and kulfi for dessert. The platters both came with rice, nan and a vegetable side. We chose chickpeas and okra.

I loved the variety of flavors and textures of the dishes, which were very similar to Indian food I've tasted, but slightly different. The chicken samosa had chicken that was ground up into almost a paste like consistency, instead of pulled/shredded chicken, which I'm used to. It was the best I've tasted so far. The chicken, skewers and sides were also tasty, served with fresh nan, steaming hot and huge.

I've had similarly prepared dishes at Indian or kabob places, but I've never seen the kulfi which we had for dessert. When I was emptying my tray after our meal, I walked by the ice cream freezer to see an extra long, popsicle looking dessert in there. It was in a cone like shape, white with what looked like ground pistachios, was wrapped in wax paper, resting on top of commercial ice cream novelties. When we took it up to the register to pay for it and find out what the heck it was, we were told it was "good and would give us energy." He was right about it being good, but it was also really rich. Two bites of the milk based dessert and I couldn't take it anymore. Between the two of us we couldn't finish it. Stuffed and happy we went on to spread the word about the great food at Kabobeesh.
Been going here and getting take out from here for years! Firstly it's not an Indian restaurant! It is an authentic Pakistani food for amazing platter style food and mouth watering Kebabs and Tandoori (grilled meats). They are most famous for the grilled meats, and you can order ala carte or get a platter, which includes the grilled meat, 2 vegetables curries, or salad, rice and Naan ( fresh bread). 
I have tried the Resham chicken (minced chicken kebab), tandoori chicken, chicken malai tikka, lamb chops and Chaplin kebab ( minced beef spicy kebabs) Basically all of them! 
My favorite is the malai tikka and/or chicken resham ! 
Apart from kebabs they also serve apps like samosas, veg cutlets, rolls (with your choice of meat). 
Some of the other delicacies include the Lahori Charga which is a whole chicken spiced and then deep fried. Definitely for a family of 4-5! And the other thing they are so good at is the Chicken kadai, you have to call ahead of time, since they make it from scratch! 
The chana is devours love! 
Do not go here if you can not eat spicy food!
Terrible service and food. The potato samosas tasted awful and lacked flavor. My family ordered the $40 karahi gosht which took over an hour to make and it also tasted terrible.
Worst place I ever been, bad attitude with the customers and bad quality of food. I saw the guy at the counter treating the customers with rude and mean attitude
Horrible customer service. The only reason this place is even open is because there are no other Pakistani halal restaurants. They cashier/ server (fair gentleman with glasses) didn't even bother to write down our order, told us it would take 5 mins. Waited there for 20 min and nothing! We saw him treat another customer who was waiting for 45 min so rudely! We just walked out after that's. 
This place would fail the inspection test. Kitchen was so dirty. No one was wearing a mask but they had a huge sign telling ppl to wear a mask. 
Not enough ppl working there. Lacks customer service, food is no longer the same once the original owner passed away.
All I like in this place is the chicken samosa, Karahi chicken and their reshmi chicken roll. The biryani is not up to the standards and I hate the wait time on the Friday/Saturday night. 

The place could be much cleaner for dining.
Basically its an old-school American diner turned into a Pakistani eatery.  Food quality is decent, service is minimal to non-existant, decor is putrid, portions are good & price is reasonable ... but their specialty is the Karhai ( superb! ) 

PROS - Pricing, portions & their Chicken / Mutton Karhai ( must try ! ) 

CONS - Service, decor & inconsistency in food quality

TIP - Chicken / Mutton Karhai takes @ least 1 hour to prepare ( call about an hour an advance to order otherwise you will be waiting for a long time )
WORST DESI RESTAURANT EXPERIENCE EVER!!!

If I could give it no star I would. This was our first time here. We ordered GOAT karahi. Instead of goat karahi, we were given what was clearly beef karahi (if such a dish exists). When we confronted them and asked them if they served us beef, they said no and that this was actually lamb, "baby lamb", "sir, we wouldn't serve you beef". 

I can't believe I drove this far for this (from Baltimore). Maybe this was an isolated incident, but this will be my last time here. If you want good Desi food in the area, go to some place else and not these scums.
Honestly, I loved Kabobeesh back in my college days. Their nashta nawabi meal is so good. Their food is authentic, flavorful Pakistani food. 

The chana and the aloo baji are really tasty. Puris are fresh. 

Service was nice. I've never dined in. Only take-out. 

I haven't had food from here in quite some time. But, I would definitely go back, and recommend to others.
Bad attitude. Long wait(wait 20 for order,1.5 hour for our order to serve). Food is not good. Environment is very dirty.
I finally got around to NOT having the Tandoori Chicken (aka. tikkas) here recently and tried the chicken biryani instead. 

What a great call. The mountain of biryani I received was delicious, and is a worthwhile alternative to the more regularly found Indian style biryanis at other restaurants. I do wish the dish came with some raita though, but fully worth it besides that.

This joint is fast becoming one of my favourite cheap eats in town!
This is a small restaurant in the heart of west Philadelphia which many people might not know of. Last few years the establishment has gone a major visual upgrade that makes this a wonderful place to visit.

First the food. Its a Pakistani themed kabob restaurant that makes authenticity cooked resham beef and chicken kabobs plus tandoori chicken and lamb kabobs. The food is cooked with passion and full of wonderful flavor.

The staff are amazing people. I usually visit this place once or twice a month on a Friday after work around 11pm at night and the people there are extremely friendly and welcome me like a old friend. Never rude, always welcoming and polite.

I live near King Of Prussia and its a 45 minutes to an hour drive just to visit this fine establishment but I do so for the wonderful food, respectable staff, and just the high quality of service these people provide.

The portions are always affordable and have good quantity of food. $2.99 for the classic resham food, around $10 for a well portion meal. Quality food, reasonable priced, and filling portions. Recommend this place strongly.


Food 5/5 stars
Staff 5/5 stars
Service 5/5 stars

I will continue to visit this place as often as i can
Took a detour to visit this place and they scammed us by serving beef instead of mutton Karahi. However the staff remained adamant and kept telling us it's baby lamb. Don't waste your money here, go elsewhere. Ruined our trip!!
Kabobeesh is an interesting place. The restaurant itself is a bit dingy, both in exterior and interior. It looks kinda dirty inside, some of the food left out looks kinda old, and the raw kabobs are just sitting in the display cooler at the front. The service ranges from decent to absolutely abysmal. However, I've only had one meal here - the lamb kabob meal - and it is absolutely delicious. Presentation-wise it doesn't look delicious, because the rice is usually clumpy and the chickpeas are oily and it usually takes a while for the kabobs to be done. But it tastes so unbelievably good. I love the rice, which I'm assuming is some kind of white and yellow jeera with peas, and the chana/chickpeas, which are kind of soupy but nice and soft with a mild kick. The lamb is consistently perfectly cooked, tender, and well seasoned. On top of that, it's served with a giant, soft, buttery fantastic naan, a cold salad, and some containers of a light green dressing (chutney?) which is excellent on both the salad and the lamb and rice. Although the salad usually looks a bit limp, it's quite good. However, it's a bit pricey, about $14 for the platter - but given the massive amount of food i suppose it is fairly reasonable.

Pros:
Incredible food
Lots of food

Cons:
Hit or (usually) miss service
Odd ambience, kinda dirty
COVID specific but there's a "wear a mask" sign yet the kitchen staff were either not wearing a mask or wearing one around their chins

If you have time to kill and are feeling patient, and you're looking for a large amount of delicious Pakistani/Indian food prepared by people who obviously know exactly what they're doing, and with the money to spare, go to Kabobeesh. I have yet to have an actually bad experience here - only the occasional frustrating one.
Kobobeesh is one of the most consistent restaurants around the city I have seen in last 5 years. Their food is delicious, authentic and have that home-cooked comfort food feeling. Their kebabs are mouthwatering and each of them are worth trying. The food at the same time is pocket friendly and so very popular with students. It's also worth mentioning that Kabobeesh is one of the oldest Pakistani restaurants of the city. They have both dine-in and take out options which are equally good. They have a free parking area in front, so no need to worry. Next time you are in Philly, don't miss a chance to grab some mouthwatering food from here.
So...I'm new to Philly, this is my second week here and I am a major foodie. That being said, I do my research before trying a place and this place had rave reviews. I walked in and wasn't really greeted. There was one family dining in. I walked up to the counter and ordered chicken samosas and nehari. First off, idk what's up there ground chicken samosas. Think it's kinda nasty idea frankly. Anyhoo, I figure, you can't mess up samosas right? Wrong!  Took forever to get them after ordering (even though they were sitting there in a pan). They were stale and swimming in grease! So I finally get em after asking for them twice and they had been freakin microwaved! So now, they were greasy, and soft and mushy! In all my years no one has ever microwaved samosas!  Never going back. Oh and the bathroom was so horrid that had I ventured in there before ordering, I would've walked right the heck out!
People may wonder why my yelp ratings distributions are so wonkily distributed, but it's because I tend to only review places I either really like or really hate..

That being said, Kabobeesh is one of my husband and my default places to eat. 

I recommend:
-chana (chickpeas) - a humble yet tasty preparation of chickpeas. I get this as a side every time, without fail. 
-lamb kabob
-Chicken karahi (order 20 minutes ahead)- full order for 3-4 people. I would love to try the lamb karahi some day (have had the chicken karahi thrice)
-lamb curry
-fish curry (quite spicy)

The bathroom and ambiance are divey, but food outweighs ambiance on all accounts, as far as I'm concerned. 

Tips: 
-Try to go when it's not as busy- the owner will be in a better mood!
-For a second vegetable side on your platter, ask to get a side in place of the salad
-Not all of the "daily meals" are served daily; your best bet is to see what is out front for the stews and curries. 
-Students get a free can of soda
I have been a loyal patron of Kabobeesh for many years. I've tried many other similar establishments and all I can say - Kabobeesh is the best! They capture authentic Pakistani flavors in their kabobs and curries. The "no frills" atmosphere makes complete sense when you understand their target audience, South Asians - this is normal to us! My favorite items are beef seekh kabobs,  tandoori chicken, and haleem. Chicken samosas are awesome too! I also appreciate the generously sized portions that have been enough to be devoured as left overs!
The kabobs are AMAZING!!

This is NOT the place to go to if you're looking for a place with great decor and ambiance. You only come here for the food... and it's well worth it. 

The portions are huge and all of the meat is so flavorful. Kabobeesh is definitely worth checking out...
In the shell of what was once a shiny, shiny diner lies the fragrantly spiced interior of the culinarily delightful Kabobeesh. As for ambiance, there is little, with scruffy booths, linoleum flooring  and a giant TV playing a mix of foreign and American pop music. However, the lack of charm merely serves to let you focus wholeheartedly on the amazing flavors they have to offer. 

The goat curry is full of tender chunks of goat (watch out for bones!) and enough sauce to sop up with rice, or nan if you're not gluten-challenged. The lahori charga is a moist, tender chicken rolled in an ecstatic bath of herbs and spices, lovingly prepared for you in 15-20 minutes and I cannot recommend it highly enough. The kabobs are cooked when you order them and are full of succulent, meaty juices. Mmmm!

They also have several dessert offerings, from pudding to prepackaged Pakistani sweets, and a few of them do not list any gluten ingredients (like kalakand, a cheese and pistachio confection). Wash your sweets down with soda, juice or a cup of hot milky tea with crushed pistachio and spices. 

Many of their meals are about $11 and come with nan, rice, salad and a veggie side, so you get a sizable portion for your money. If you're not hungry for a full meal or you want to try multiple dishes, you can also order items as a side for about half the price. 

Bottom line: Affordable? Yes. Stylish? No. Delicious? Hell yes!
Prepare to be attacked by spicy foods once you open your mouth in this restaurant. The joint is a 60s diner turned Pakistani/Indian food BBQ. You pick your meat, and they grill it immediately in the back. Can't argue with the freshness there.

I come here when I'm looking for a filling dinner. Their platters are fairly priced, and the meatball items are savory (but again, have cups of water nearby).
I haven't figured this place out yet.  I've had some stuff that's great, and other stuff that's okay.  

Resham Chicken & Beef were tasty.  Will get again.
Chicken kabob was tasty.
Lamb kabob was also tasty, but tougher.
Spinach & Eggplant dishes were both tasty.
Vegetable and Chicken Samosas are solid.
Chicken curry was just okay.  Wouldn't get it again -- they have better stuff here.
Chana (chickpeas) was okay.
Lahori Chargha (a whole grilled chicken) was okay. Not as flavourful as I was expecting given the Chicken kabob I'd had, and seemed overcooked.

I feel like I need to try more stuff here.  Once I was there, and the next table had a Karahi -- it looked pretty good.
Nothing fancy restaurant wise, and I definitely wouldn't recommend this as a date place if you're trying to take her somewhere nice, but the food is really good, very fresh, and this place offers yummy, no frills good food.
Several have commented on the ambiance of this place. If you are looking for white table cloth and fine china and obsequious wait staff, this place is not for you. If you are looking for a dive with character, friendly service, excellent food, and Bollywood as backdrop, you will get all the ambiance you need.

The food is excellent. The kabobs are grilled right there as you order them. That is part of why the service can be slow. This is a place to hang, not rush through your meal before getting to the  next thing that you have to rush through. The curries are nicely spiced. I especially liked the eggplant and potato. The naan is large and fluffy. The platters are a lot of food and the price is pretty cheap. The people running the place are friendly and helpful without being solicitous.
This place is a diamond in the ruff.  The staff is always friendly.  The food is consistently delicious.  There's always parking in their lot.  The price is reasonable considering the portions you get.  Truly one of my favorite restaurants in all of Philadelphia.  Oh, if you're a student you get a free can of soda.
It's 2 AM and I'm craving for some chicken from Kabobeesh. Ahhhh, everything was so good. I would definitely recommend getting the chicken WITH bone; it makes it so tender and flavorful. The sides of curry vegetables were good but not spectacular. But, the naan is drool-worthy.

The decor was a little lacking, but that's how I like my cheap eatery atmospheres, a little dirty, a little tacky. 

Damn, I wish it were closer to where I lived--and were open at 2 in the morning.

So, go for me--at the very least just to try!
wowowow the service at this place (and the food too) blew me away!! 

I came here with a group of friends for a BYO. We were a decent sized party (maybe 7-8 people?) but we found a table waiting for us, having made a reservation ahead of time. The owner let us all grab complimentary drinks. After we each ordered and our plates were being prepared, each of us got a few small samples of extra sides that we were encouraged to try, for free. I thought the service was super accommodating (we stayed a little after the official closing time as well). 

The food spoke for itself too. I got the fried fish (which was tilapia), which was served, like the rest of the food, in huge portions. The bread was super soft and tasty, the fish was crunchy and nicely flavored, and the sides perfectly complemented the rest of the meal.

I will definitely, definitely come back here again and encourage others to come as well. This place isn't fancy by any means, but it's well worth a visit.
I have been coming to this place for almost 2-3 years now and I absolutely love it. Food is always very fresh here. Very delicious. Prices are  reasonable too. They may not have the best interior design inside the restaurants but it makes up for it for their food. Also, a parking lot is rare find in metro city like Philly - huge plus. 

I have tried almost all their kabobs and my fav is tandoori Chkn kabab. All their kabobs are great. Please try the rasmalai and kheer. They are my fav. It's my go to place when I go Philly for some kabobs. 

Tip: if you have ordered Chkn kabob or tandoori kabob meal and wanna try another kabob, add Resham beef or Chkn kabob. They are only $2.75 a-la-carte
Holy war on terror, Batman, that's a spicy meatball!  err... Resham kebab.  Fiery smoky kabobs grilled on swords and pikes, such delicious bread not to be missed from sub continental Muslim cousin of Hindu and a must for chili heads.  Curries come in one heat level: hot. Feel like quail or grilled lamb chops?  Beyond reasonable at $11 for 4 chops w/rice bread, salad and veggies.  They have daily specials sometimes, curried vegetables all the time and Paya, a gelatinous curry made of trotters on weekends. They even have a kid's menu. (WTF?) Not really a kid's place unless your kid is in Al Qaeda.  The legions of cabalist cabbies silently attest to its authenticity.  What with Pakistan the increasing new frontier/ epicenter of the war on terror ever get the feeling this is what Brighton Beach was like during the cold war or even what it's like today?  It's a hot zone in more ways then one.

I come for the kebabs I stay for the political intrigue but mostly for the lamb chops let's not forget the lamb chops.
I was pretty excited to try this place out after reading all the positive reviews, and ended up coming here on a weekday night with a friend. The decor is nothing special of course--the restaurant is basically a classic metal-clad diner with booths and a few tables inside. I got a meal of lamb chops, naan, salad and chickpeas, and also a soda--although the cashier was pretty confusing in terms of telling me which choices I was limited to, so I took something that looked small and inexpensive. The food took some time to be ready--the restaurant was hardly full, yet I waited probably 20 minutes or so. Everything is served in styrofoam containers, and all utensils/napkins/water is self-serve.

Of course none of this matters when you're at a divey place like Kabobeesh, so I was excited to finally try out the food. The lamb chops were just OK--a little bit too salty and greasy for my tastes, and just not enough meat. The beans weren't too bad, and the naan was good, very fresh and crispy. $12 is pretty reasonable for lamb chops IMO, but I was definitely expecting larger portion sizes as I finished my meal pretty quickly. Would be willing to try again sometime in the future and get something else on the menu, however.
And after reading other reviews, I have to ask... what's with all these local college students raving about the food. When did 21 year old white college girls suddenly become connoisseurs of middle eastern food? It strikes me as the typical desire that young women have, to appear grown-up and sophisticated, and in this case... to have international palettes. But the truth is, they're only a few years removed from high-school cafeteria food. 

It's the pretentiousness of the gourmand in training. When all the Penn girls have graduated to nice homes and nicer restaurants, they can swap stories during their "girls night out" about the college places that were so good and authentic... and about the swarthy Arab guy behind the counter that checked them out... adding some spice that wasn't on the menu.

I'm all for fantasies, but I just can't come up with any myself to see beyond the obvious problems here. The place is crowded, dirty, has poor service, and poor attitude. And zero ambiance, unless you count dirty, crowded, and confusing as ambiance. Some might. Some might see crowded and dirty and think, "Arabian nights"... I don't know. There's no accounting for fantasies in a young girls mind.

The food is fine, but I've had equivalent from falafel vendors in New York. Enough said.
I just simply love this place.
Have been here over a dozen times.  Most of the times, I just get the resham beef platter.  On rare occasions, I've ordered the chapli kabob.
Best time to visit is late night - after a long day of studying in the library.
Here's a secret, and i'm not sure if we get this treatment cause we are repeat customers; but, going there late, you can usually ask them to replace the salad in the platter with any other veg dish AND ask for some extra gravy on your rice (free of charge).
Their salad is probably the worst part of their food.
Their Naan is simply the best I've ever had.
Students get a free can of soda with their platter.  Can't beat that deal.
If you are looking for a healthy or 'great' tasting meal, I doubt this is the place to go.
But, it does the job for late night desi food cravings on a budget.
Tasty, reasonably prices, slightly long wait... Honestly, I don't have much more to say about Kabobeesh.  

The portions were fair.  The place is kept clean.  They also take credit which is a nice bonus for the area. As long as you don't go confusing it for a five-star restaurant, you'll probably be satisfied.  

If you come relatively hungry, you should be able to leave without much left on your plate. If you aren't in a major rush to eat and leave, you should be able to handle the service. I've tried the Lamb and the Chicken Kabobs, and a few of the sides (thinking the spicy cauliflower dish was my favorite), all solid choices.  I'm not in a rush to go back again, but do have it on my list to make a return trip...
I really love this place. It has a homey feel and great food. The people who own and run the place are super welcoming, want to please their customers, and are very thankful for the business. It is family friendly so bring your kids. There were at least four other families, some even with very small children when I went last. But my favorite part is really the food! The chicken kabob and the ground beef kabob are my favorite. The ground beef kabob has some extra green spice in it that makes it really unique and flavorful. Get these as a meal and they will come with two veggie sides, rice, and naan. It is likely you will have leftovers.

Oh yeah, I love that there is a parking lot and I gret a free drink (mango juice or soda) when I show my student ID.
This what you would call a gem in the city.  The only people that seem to know about it are the pakistanis and the cab drivers.  The food here is halal and always fresh.  I suggest getting anything off of the grill because it will be grilled that moment and served minutes later with a fresh naan that has melted butter on it along with two sides.    The flavor is will open you to a new world as if you are in Lahore because of the blaring tv  and also  its not about your comfort but about the quality of the food.  

The size of the kebabs have been getting smaller over the years but it will still fill you up, I've never been able to finish every morsel of food till this day so you will not be disappointed.  

For those who enjoy a strong cup of chai afterwards this is the place to go in the city.
Even if I did not live close to this place, I would still drive at least a half hour just to come here for lunch or dinner because the atmosphere and the food are excellent.  Frankly, from the outside this place does not look inviting, and if you're not familiar with the area, it is easy to miss.  On the inside, though, the place is bright, interesting, and my favorite part is the big TV.  There are pictures of menu items to make ordering easier, and a lot of the food is right there when you're ordering, so you see exactly what you're getting.  For a while I used to always get the veggie roll because it is delicious, a little spicy, and filling, and I knew I couldn't go wrong with it.  Recently I tried the lamb kabob.  WOW!  Delicious!  It is so tender and savory.  I still cannot get over the fact that this place is so little and inexpensive, but serves such delicious food, for which I could have easily paid so much more at some fancy place.  This is what I love about this place they keep it simple, affordable, and they really know how to knock your socks off with the food.
Wow...love this place . Great food , prices , local.  Could eat here every day.
If you don't mind the very non-fancy dining atmosphere, it's a great place! The food is fresh and delicious, the chicken tandoori was the best I've ever had, as was the lamb kebab and the naan. Very tasty and will definitely be back.
I've had many kabob places in my yelp journey but this place didn't really hit it off for me.  I am use to hole in the walls and always believe these places will serve above average food as owner will concentrate on the food more than the decor.  However, I believe Kabobeesh  has all the right ingredients to execute a great Afgan kabob place (charcoal pit, types of spices used, and etc.) but it lacks several elements that makes this place stand out.  

I had the standard Chicken and Beef Resham.  The chicken was pretty bland and the beef was alittle too soft.  I think if they incorporated alittle more fat in their meat (and use a coarser grind), the consistency will be alittle more solid.  As a result, the meat was too rough leaving alot of spices and beef.  The ground beef skewer completely broke in several places signifying this.  

The sides were average.  I'll give them credit for making Indian/Pakistani/Afgan sides such as okra and yellow dal.  The okra was the best even though it had too much oil in there.  The spices was spiced just right.  I tasted the chilis, onions, and coriander.  However, the yellow dal was not cooked completely.  It was alittle too hard for my taste.  Either it was sitting there the entire day or it was not cooked enough.  I tried to squeeze some of the yellow peas and it was hard to break.  

Naan was average, but wasn't use to putting gee in there, especially so much!   

I think Kabobeesh attempts to make afgan style kabobs similar to the ones I've tried in Virginia.  But I may come back to try the lamb and tandoori chicken.  Lastly, I felt for $11 in such a competitive market, I thought I'll get more food.
The food at Kabobeesh is delicious!

I tried the tandoori chicken and the lamb dishes. I am always satisfied with the service and the flavors of the food. I come home with a full belly and never need to eat anything else throughout the day. It is a bit expensive to eat everyday (meals are usually $10.00 to $12.00) but for the amount of food you receive it's definitely not disappointing. Also, be prepared to wait for your food for 15 to 20 minutes.
The best place in philly to eat Indian/Pakistani food.My fav is Paya,Chana masala,seek kabab.
There food is always fresh and for reasonable price.
If you are someone that can't stand spicy food, its ok you can still eat here.  The only things I recommend is the CHICKEN KABOB not the other chicken, beef, or lamb options.  The lamb is really meaty so if you don't like that, don't get it.  The CHICKEN KABOB is the way to go.  Get a naan, and some rice and its delish.  Otherwise the other two meals we got, were too spicy. Even the veggie samosa had a kick to it.  When they say "medium spice" thats for the indopak taste bud...not the rest of the world taste bud.
I have been eating at Kabobeesh since they opened at their original location, and then later when they moved to the diner... I adore this place. 

My husband-in-training always gets the lamb kabob, which never fails to be tender and flavorful. 

I mix it up. I love the chicken wings, though a couple times they've overcooked them a little. When done right, though, which is most of the time, they're not only the cheapest thing on the menu, but a joy to eat... the marinate is spicy and the chicken is succulent. The Tandoori chicken is some of the best in the city, and believe me, I've eaten it all over West Philly and downtown. 

Sometimes I like to try the steam table items too -- the roasted chicken can be a little tough but the flavor is awesome. The goat curry is delicious. The chicken biryani is the most authentic I've had outside Hyderabad... but GODDAMN is it spicy. I have a pretty good spice tolerance, but I actually had to order extra white rice to mix in because it was blowing my head off. 

A couple of the side dishes are worth note too... especially the eggplant with potato. I had this last night and it almost eclipsed the lamb. Yum. 

A few notes about the reviews below: 
1) I have never, ever gotten ill eating here, in all the years eating, so maybe Willis Z just doesn't have much spice tolerance?
2) Willis Z had a delicious meal at Taco Bell? 
3) Not sure why Desi thinks they would be the "only game in town," as West Philly is loaded with restaurants... most are more Indian/other middle eastern than Pakistani, true, but I don't think that Kabobeesh could exactly rest on their laurels when people can get kabob and tandoori countless other places within a ten block radius. 
4) It is a hole in the wall, yes. But this is part of its charm, to my mind. Those who wish to pay more for less to get more glitter can feel free to head into town to any Steven Starr joint of their choosing. 
5) Overpriced... wow. I am not even sure we were at the same restaurant. 10-ish dollars for a heaping portion of rice, a large piece of naan, a generous side dish, a whole kabob/chicken leg (depending on what you order) and a salad is expensive? I usually have enough for dinner and lunch the next day. Where do YOU eat?
must go...authentic indian/pakistani food ....yeah with all the deep fried food and the heavy naans...the only place in philly that i know to be serving chai the indian style!!
I came here for lunch one day with my boss, and it was delicious! I eat mostly vegetarian food, and they surprisingly had several options for me. I ordered a mixed veggie platter which came with a chickpea dish, an eggplant dish, and a mixed vegetable dish with a side of naan. The flavors were great, and I found it all delicious! It was so much food that I had to pack up half for lunch the next day. It definitely deserves its place on the "best eats for the buck list" from Forbes Magazine! http://www.forbes.com/sites/seaneichenberger/2011/07/15/best-eats-for-the-buck/3/
get over the appearance, and enjoy the ambiance... the food is not americanized... you'll find over the course of several trips that most customers are regulars and will hang out for an hour after they eat... try everything, but the best bang for the buck is the vegetarian platter with nan... just drink water from the orange jug FREEE!!!!!!!
I came here and ordered the chicken kabob platter, which costs about $11 and comes with chicken kabob (you guessed it), rice, naan, side of your choice (I had mixed vegetables in curry), and a side of house salad. While $11 may not be cheap depending on your budget, it is certainly reasonably priced given the enormous portions. 

I thought everything was well flavored. This was my first time here and I would definitely come back. The atmosphere isn't the best but it's the food you come here for.
I love their Resham chicken kebobs. The normal chicken kebobs are a close second. Meals and rolls/sandwiches are decently priced. And they are all delicious. I pick up food from here every few weeks if not sooner. And dine in with friends or family on occasions. The service is great and the staff is friendly. It's a family run joint with other staff that gets hired to work here. The restaurant is a bit beat up but nothing to be an eye sore. Average preparation time for two meals is 10 minutes. The meals come with rice, naan, salad and a choice of veggies in the side. Quite filling! 

Over all I would highly recommend this place over the neighboring kebob joints to anyone who likes kebobs and Indian/Pakistani cuisine.
Don't expect anything fancy. It's an authentic Pakistani food spot. I don't understand some of the negative reviews. You are paying 10-12 dollars for an authentic bar bque, perfectly cooked and appropriately spiced food and still you are complaining. A perfect treat for your taste buds. I agree that the cleanliness could be questionable but the quality and the taste is just too good. Their chicken karahi is the best in the north east but takes about 30 mins. Their Naans are to die for. Highly recommended !!
In my opinion, portion sizes were good, but everything else was mediocre. The ambiance/bathroom offered no ostentation, and I wouldn't say they have the friendliest service either. We ordered the chicken curry meal and beef tikka for lunch, with meat and veggie samosas. It all took some time to come out so plan accordingly! Overall, I would say the food was decent, even though the samosas tasted somewhat stale.
People talk here about the decor.
I don't care about the decor as long as it's a clean place. It's like a mystical sofi place that looks poor but then you find the spiritual prize inside.

It's so oriental in the spirit which is like....a simple place around the corner in Cairo, Mumbay or Agra but has its own secret.
I was fooled by the look of the place too but I was blasted by the food quality.

Eating Kabab since my childhood since I was in Egypt and searching for middle eastern foods all over the east coast, I am telling this place is far superior to many of the fancy Mediterranean/middle eastern places I have been to.
I don't know why it's taken a year to come and try this place that is a block away from where we live.

We've tried the local indian buffets (which have been pretty good), but I've missed fresh, good nan. Little did I know that it would be found so close.

We had their tandoori chicken, lamb kabob, potato, lentil and cauliflower veggies. All of it was really quite exceptional, especially the lamb kabob. 

If you can be patient and wait - ugh - sometimes a LONG time for your food, you will be very pleased with what you receive. Really really really good food for reasonable prices. 

Will be trying many other things here in the near future.
I would give this place 3.5 stars. I came here with a friend and was pretty pleased with my experience. I ordered the lamb curry platter and he ordered the special, the chicken tikka masala platter. The food was ready almost instantly, and while at first I was surprised by the price ($11-13), it came with an enormous amount of food. A bowl of curry, a standard dinner-plate-sized tandoori nan, a side salad, a side dish, rice, and a free drink if you're a student (either mango juice or a soda--the mango juice seems small but it's pretty thick and absolutely delicious). Still thought it was overpriced though, given everything except the curry could not have cost that much.

Both curries were very good and eating them sent me back to my summer in India. The meat were fall-off-the-bone tender and juicy and very spicy! I thought the dal was just okay, and preferred my friend's eggplant side. The service was very helpful, and the environment was casual, comfortable, and very clean. I walked back home and was involuntarily sent into a very satisfying, two-hour-long food coma. Next time I'll have to try the kabobs!
I finally made time to stop in here for a late lunch.  My boyfriend and I split a platter of curry chicken which came on the bone in broth.  It also came with nan, rice, and two sides - we got chickpeas and veggies.  The chicken fell right off the bone and the curry flavor was pleasantly mild.  Everything was quite tasty and not incredibly spicy (I can be a wimp) and the platter was big enough for the both of us.  Thoroughly enjoable.  We also ordered sides of vegetable samosas which were a little disappointing.  The outside was a too tough and doughy - I like them crispier - and the inside was uniformly mushy and a bit too pungent.  We also split a mango lassi because we were feeling decadent.

It was pretty busy so we didn't get our food right away, and the lassi and one of the samosas finally arrived when we were almost done eating the platter.  The slightly unkempt diner decor is charming in its own way, but I was disappointed to be eating off styrofoam.  The giant tv is easy to avoid by sitting on the other side if it's not your thing.  I might have appreciated it more if something other than the news was on.  

I probably won't eat in often, if again, but I saved a menu for my take-out drawer.  It really isn't THAT cheap, but the portions are definitely splitable if you have a little something extra.  However, I'll stick with one of the Indian buffets down the street for overall dining experience and value (if you can catch them for lunch).
My friends and I were recommended to this hidden restaurant by a local.

Ambiance: 
From the outside, you would probably never think twice about going inside. It seriously looks like a trailer. Inside, the decor is very old fashion but does not have a cultural feel to it. 

Food:
Small Chicken Karahi- $24.00
My friend recommended this item because it is the "authentic" meal. The cashier said it would be ready in 30 minutes because everything is freshly prepared and cooked, but we only waited a total of 15 minutes.
This was phenomenally unique- it was great blend of spices and flavor.  

The fresh Oven-Baked Naan was warm and perfectly toasted. 

Overall: This was a fabulous cultural experience. The food was delicious.
On my recent trip to discover Philly, Yelp reviews convinced me to visit this old diner-trailer-restaurantish thingie like place.

Once you walk in you expect to see a some South Asian mobster sitting in the corner smoking a beedi (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beedi) and planning his next kidnapping but thank God that wasnt the case. The closest thing was watching a mobster on an old TV that was playing some bollywood movie with some mobster dude dancing around the city -- and let me tell you, he had the moves.

I went in there on a Friday night with a large group so we ordered quite a bit. We ordered Resham kababs, Biryani, Channa Masala, Chapli Kabab and Chicken Tikka Masala. We also had the green chutney and Naans. 

I thought the Chapli Kababs were better than Resham Kababs. Resham Kababs were kinda bland for me. Some in the group really enjoyed the Chicken Tikka Masala and how spicy it was. I thought it was spicy and "different" and really "oily". 

I also heard compliments on Biryani (which I didnt try). Chickpeas (or Channa Masala) was perfect. The service was slow because they were getting busier and busier as we were waiting and waiting. Naan were fresh and just perfect.

Other than the slow service and the ambiance, the food was pretty solid. I will probably return to this place on my next trip to Philly.
I ordered on uber eats, when I received a notification 40 minutes after placing my order it was stating my food has been delivered. Funny thing is I never received my food, called Kabobeesh and they told me "the driver was no show, so we sold your food", but they still charged me, so I have spent 1 hour on the phone with uber eats getting my money back. Kabobeesh could have notify me and cancel my order instead of charging me for it, your customer service is very terrible and unorganized.  

Folks the food is good there but customer service is terrible, there is always a long wait even if you place a pick order.
Great Chicken Kabob. Better than some of those good restaurants. 

They grill it for you once you order so it takes a while to get your food. It can be long as 20 mins, so if you are in a hurry this is not your place.
A friend suggested this place to me. She said it was great and warned me that it was a LOT of food. We stopped by randomly one night and ordered a chicken kabob platter to share ($11). It took a pretty long time to get our order but when we got home and ate it, it was AWESOME. The chicken was so flavorfull and so tender. The rice was pretty good and I really enjoyed the chick peas side. The nan was SO good! We went back a few nights later because I was so happy with it. I called ahead and my food was ready when I got there. Perfect! BTW - I am not traditionally an Indian/Pakistani kind of eater but this may have turned me.
A tiny restaurant that remained busy and packed the entire time I was there. It took awhile for the food to arrive but it was well worth it.

I started by asking if the chicken was spicy, and the manager at front gave me a free sample. It was absolutely delicious so I ordered a chicken kebab sandwich roll. This was one out of 1000 times ordering that I forget to mention my severe dairy allergy. When the sandwich came it was very clear that I could not eat it. I apologized profusely and explained my error and they were really polite and immediately offered to remake the sandwich at no charge. 

It was absolutely delicious, I'd never had anything like it.

SERIOUSLY, teensy, good businesses like this deserve your patronage!
I don't think I've been into Kabobeesh since they made the move to this old diner, but I remember it as one of the best deals in Pakistani food around, and really one of the better kept secrets in the whole Indian-esq. super-genre.

Again, I'm working from memory here, but Kabobeesh used to make everything on its great old clay grill -- some of the best flat-breads around and outrageously good kabobs, spiced to bring tears to your eyes. Everything is priced foodies and Pakistanis on budgets.

The clientele, who crowd the place at lunch time to watch Pakistani/Middle-Eastern television, assures me that I'm getting a pretty authentic meal. And I used to leave the place absolutely full. Like full, full. As in, I didn't need to eat a meal for the rest of the day. I could just go home and go to sleep, like I do on Thanksgiving.
Tasty food, though the degree of tastiness sometimes varies from "just ok" to "mind-blowingly delicious".  The lamb kabobs are good, though the last time I ordered it, they were a tad dry.  Resham chicken is also tasty, as is their chana.  I also love the kheer for dessert.
This place sounded interesting so we went and were not disappointed. Filled with Pakistani/Indian/Afghan (I think people) we ordered a plethora of items. 

Samosa's were premade and it showed, not the best
Lanog Massi was very good
Pakastani tea excellent
Lamb Kabobs, Resham Kabobs, Chana and Dal all excellent even the Kheer for dessert was great.

We really enjoyed our meal there and our conversation with the regulars.

Food 4.5 
Service 5 
Value 4.5
Atmoshphere (It's a converted diner so if you think of this as a typical neighborhood joint or food vendor then it works) 4.5

Total 4.625

Bottom Line: It's not fancy or sophisticated but a great place to sample some really good kabobs and other Pakistani foods.

PS We didn't find the food to be spicy at all, if anything they could have kicked it up a notch.
Had a company from ny, decided to take them to kaBobeesh. Ordered chicken and lamb Karachi with reshma kabob. Excellent food with the true taste of Lahore Karachi. Newyorkers loved it and Enjoyed the blend of Asian spices. Would highly recommend.Counter service was very customer oriented.
TERRIBLE SERVICE

The first time we dined in.  They forgot our order and it took almost two hours to get our food.  When we finally got our food, it wasnt what we ordered.  However, the food was good so we decided to give this place another try.  

We came back for take out.  They dropped the chicken tandoori on the floor.  The box was open and i saw there were atleast 3 pieces in there.  They took it back to the kitchen- for reasons i was not sure.  When i opened the box at home, i discovered there was only one small leg.  

Had they let me know that most of the chicken had to be thrown out, i would've appreciated the honesty and simply changed my order.  Instead they went ahead and charged me $12.50+tax for one leg of tandoori.  The lamb curry was also severely lacking and had only 4 cubes of meat.

The food is not good enough for me to look past the poor service.  If you're looking for a place that will satisfy, this is not it.
Terrible service. Slow and Rude. Food is decent and can forgive their snail pace service but someone needs to teach them etiquettes and manners.
