I'm nearly in a sushi coma. I scarfed down way too much, and I don't regret a bite of it. I've recently been concerned that I was losing my taste for sushi, or that there were no longer restaurants that could appease me. 

After a long night of Pilates and shopping, I came home starving with no desire to cook. I hopped on grub hub and saw that Kabuki had recently opened up AND has five stars on yelp. 

Spending a few extra dollars on my meal was work every penny. The fish is fresh, rice perfectly seasoned, and delivery was speedy and amiable.  I wish I had taken photos of the rolls, but I was seriously famished. 

I've found my new go-to. Keep it up, Kabuki. Don't let me down.
I had some sushi in a rush here before making it to another event. The rolls are the large kind, not my particular favorite but it works well. The regular rolls are all around $4-6 with the specialty rolls hovering around $11-13. 

I wish they had more in the middle range but regardless the value seems pretty good. I'm looking forward to dropping by again so I can take more time (and eat more sushi!).
Delicious and fresh!  I'm talking super fresh.  And fast too.  I ordered for pickup from yelp and  15 minutes later I was back in my room eating.  Say what?!?!
20% off during the grand opening. 

It is quiet, nice interior & is completely accessible for people with disabilities. It seats about 25 with 5 at the sushi bar. 

It's the best sushi nearby and would be great for anyone on Jury Duty. It's practically across the street. 

The spicy tuna is spicier than creamy & that's nice. They have a large variation & their sashimi is fresh. They have cooked dishes. 

The winner is the Avocado and honey roasted peanut maki. Yay. 

It's new & independent. Try it out.
My boss and I stopped in here for a quick lunch. We were really impressed with the sushi and the staff.

Mango & Avocado Salad - so refreshing! Highly recommend. Great portion too. At least half an avocado and half a mango! The ginger sesame dressing is reallllllly good!

Marriott Roll - the waitress recommended this as I was torn between it and the New York Roll. I had it wrapped in cucumber versus rice for $5 upcharge. It was huge and so delicious. I literally ate all of it which I never can do. Highly recommend!

Wasabi Sauce - JUST TRY IT! I promise you'll love it coming from a huge sauce lover.
very very good, albeit a bit pricy, sushi joint near the convention center. I stayed in the area for a work conference, and stumbled across this place while searching yelp for yummy options... far from a disappointment.

the fish was fresh and delicious, and there was a good fish-to-rice ratio in the rolls. the seaweed salad is very yummy. the presentation is beautiful, and the menu offers many choices- I had a hard time choosing my meal. many beverage options, and byob is nice too. 

it was my first time ever dining alone, and the service was very attentive. then again, there was only one other table to wait on (I went on a Thursday night). the space is pretty small and nondescript from the outside, but was cozy inside. 

if in the area, if gladly come back. especially if corporate is picking up the tab!
Best lunch maki specials downtown for the price.  By far the best selection, 3 rolls, choose your own adventure!  And they only charge a $1.00 delivery fee on GrubHub.  But it wouldn't rock my world for those things alone.  The sushi is really quite good.
Great futomaki is my sushi standard, and they hit the mark.

The rice is not too bland, the delivery always arrives ahead of schedule & the ingredients so far have been extremely fresh.  Keep up the good work guys!
I had a craving for sushi while in Philly so I decided to get take-out from here (thanks to Yelp) for our Sunday night family dinner. Do keep in mind that parking can be a pain because it is located in Center City and on a block with no stopping on both sides. You have to park about 2 blocks away if you are choosing to dine in or have your other half put their emergency hazard lights on while you run in. We ordered the pork gyoza, chicken teriyaki entrée, eel avocado/ cucumber rolls, the godzilla and spicy girl roll. 

The food was ready to pick up in a fairly quick time (about 25 minutes). All the workers were very nice and professional and the food tasted fairly good, fish was fresh but the eel rolls were sorta tiny. Price was in line with a standard sushi restaurant so you won't go broke eating here for dinner like what happened to us in Manhattan (JK!). It is a small and cozy spot, which is good for an adult date night if that's what you prefer but not really recommended for large parties and not quite family friendly either:]
definitely not close to the best sushi in the area, unless you live in West Virginia. then I guess by default it'd be the only sushi restaurant.

ordered a salmon teriyaki box for $20, and, well, it kept me not hungry. way too pricey for the quality of food. the rice tasted like the stuff you get for free from Chinese takeout places. the only positive is that this was the only sushi place available in the area with decent reviews on a sunday afternoon. All the other better restaurants open around 4PM or later, like 1225 Raw.

Recommend if you're stranded in the desert of CC restaurants craving decent sushi.
They lose three stars because they add a lot of water AND sugar to their "soy sauce".  What a cheap trick!  I ordered octopus, and it was not fresh.  Their agedashi tofu was incredibly bad and two other rolls I ordered were not fresh and lacking in flavor.  Honestly, I have been eating sushi since 1984 and this place was the worst I have ever had. (apart from Trader Joe's "sushi", but that's another story)

Anyhow, I just keep going back to eat at Aki. They never disappoint.
Tiny but mighty sushi joint within close walking distance to the Convention center. I needed to quickly, and I mean quickly step out to grab a bite between sessions and they were just what the afternoon ordered.

I just got some California Rolls with eel sauce. They were yummy and fresh, but also and most importantly, lightening fast! I was super impressed and appreciated their urgency because I didn't want to be late for the next session. I imagine they get pretty busy during more common meal times, but it was nice to be the only one in the small shop.

There's a big market near the convention center with a ton of options that would've been more convenient, but I prefer Kabuki because it's way healthier than any of the options inside of the market.
I am spoiled by living in California with all of our wonderful sushi. It's hard for me to compare this place. It's decent, but nothing to write home about...oh, wait, that's what I am doing. It wasn't busy when I went, and I was quickly served. I enjoyed the tea, which was jasmine, and the sake sashimi, while small in portion size, was good quality. I'm not extremely excited, but there's nothing really to complain about.
You people are jokers with your 4 and 5 star reviews!  This is below-average sushi, even by Philadelphia standards.  The 4 rolls we ordered ranged from bland and flavorless to downright disgusting.   WTF?
I ordered my sushi to go. I got home open the bag.  wow sushi looks yummy.   One of the sushi I ordered was spicy tuna roll.  They didnt put tons of rice and little big of tuna like other places.  Check out the picture I posted and you will see what I mean.   Taste great and worth the price.  I will be coming back here again for sure.
On Christmas I ordered $100 worth of food from here.  I specifically ordered multiple cucumber rolls for the fact there was no rice and it should've been gluten free.  I got it and it was a completely different roll than pictured - so that family member tried to get off the rice but really didn't eat because when I called the restaurant and told them they told me to ask grub hub for a refund. Umm - I just moved here and now they've not only lost my family and me, but any type of recommendation for this restaurant- especially if looking for customer service. How disappointing. In my picture it shows what I thought I ordered and then what I actually received.
Welcome to the neighborhood Kabuki- we're so happy you're here! Chinatown has been in need of a great sushi place, and I don't mean a Chinese/Japanese/Thai combo place. It's small inside, probably about 6 tables + sushi bar, with a very clean/modern decor. To drink they offer a variety of Boba Tea's, fruit juices and smoothies. I ordered the mango green tea and it was absolutely delicious. They have a great variety of specialty rolls and regular favorites. I ordered the Pink Lady and Fantasy rolls, both were fantastic. The Pink Lady is huge and comes with 10 pieces. The fish was extremely fresh and the overall roll was beautifully colored. The Fantasy roll was also just as tasty. I would definitely order them both again. They do a beautiful job plating the dishes with vegetable decorations and cool lighting. Get here soon during their grand opening and receive 20%. And remember to BYOB!
I came here on a whim after a long day at work. The quiet, off the path location near City Hall was exactly what I needed. The restaurant itself is clean and nicely decorated. I should have read more reviews, as I saw someone order the Pink Lady roll OMGOSH...next time.

Price-wise. The sushi rolls have a decent amount of fish. I know I was comparing the prices to the 3 roll special at Vic's sushi and this one is twice the cost. However, if you get the special rolls at Vic's as I did here, I'd end up paying the same. The only difference is the higher quality rolls here with more fish.

What I ordered? I liked the Philadelphia roll and Sushi Pizza (get it). I also ordered the Rainbow roll, which was good, but I'd suggest something more creative. i.e. Pink Lady Roll. Also, get the bubble tea. It's delicious and for a good price.

Overall, I would come back here. But my top choice for a date night and little bit more $$$ is Doma Sushi. The specialty rolls are bigger and have more filling, prettier restaurant.

PS Seaweed salad here is $5 versus $3 at Vic's :(
I came here to meet up with a friend for a quick sushi date. It's pretty small but definitely a hidden lunch gem!

The lunch special was amazing- $11 for 3 rolls of sushi. Actually cannot beat it. They offered a lot of addition specials including a bento box and tempura. The salad that came with the special was incredibly small, but it was good enough to hold you over. 

They offered a lot of veggie rolls including my personal favorite-sweet potato roll. If you haven't had the opportunity to try it, I would change that asap. 

The service here was also not the best, we were sat pretty quickly but saw our waiter to order, deliver the food and grab the check. Another check in would have been great-but it wasn't a deal breaker. 

Definitely wouldn't recommend going here for a date but it's the perfect little sushi stop for a quick dinner or lunch!
Been here several of times already, and I have to say that this is the best sushi restaurant in the city. All of their fish taste fresh and well prepared. Not only the sushi here is good, but they also make really good udon soup too. They give you a good amount of fried tempura vegetables and shrimp as well as a lot of udon noodles in the soup that you won't be able to finish. Another good thing about the restaurant is that their prices are cheap compared to other sushi restaurants, and they usually have sushi specials that usually changes once in a while. Definitely a place a recommend for sushi lovers.
This place was next to my hotel and I was really excited based off the other reviews. I wish I was a tad hungrier so I could try some more of the items. It's a small place, with friendly staff and quick service. I decided to have the miso soup and the Marriott roll. Both were delicious. The fish was fresh and tasty and the presentation was beautiful. I took some coffee bubble tea to go and if I overall was very happy with my choices. If I was back in this area of Philly I would go back for sure!
Went here last night for the grand opening. Must say, it's the best upcoming sushi spot in Philadelphia. Must go and will go again!
I was craving sushi and Kabuki Sushi was the only Asian option on Grubhub that didn't have a ridiculously high delivery fee. I'm so glad I tried Kabuki! This will be my go-to delivery spot for sushi from now on. 

I ordered a Spicy Tuna and Philly Roll, both were pretty good. I also ordered a Strawberry Bubble Tea which was tasty. I'm a big fan of bubble tea so I'm glad they offered it along with different flavor options. 

They have other options besides sushi. Prices are reasonable. Giving this 4 stars because I can't comment on the service since I ordered delivery. I look forward to trying them again in the future.
Disappointment. Skip this place and walk 10 minutes down to Aki or Raw. Same price, way better quality and won't leave you feeling so frustrated. 

A few of us were at the convention center for the week, and decided to reward ourselves to sushi meal(s). 

We came here at 8PM tonight, and was greeted by a very confused server (guy with glasses). And I mean, very confused and not tentative. We had 5 people, and he managed to screw up 5 orders.

1) ordered a honey green tea with aloe. The drink did not come with aloe. When I informed the waiter, he went to the back and added jelly. I informed him that I requested for aloe, not jelly (!!!) and finally he told me they did not have aloe. I tired not to make a big deal, but IF YOU DONT HAVE IT, TELL ME?! Don't just add something else and force me to take it..gosh
2)ordered a HOT chocolate boba, came as iced..(is it that hard?!)
3)one of us ordered a eel hand roll, and was offered the eel rice plate....ended up canceling that order 
4)another one of us ordered a tempura combo (with rice, salad and miso) and was given the appetizer...............
5) ordered the soup shrimp udon, and was given the sautéed (dry) udon  

Nothing really good to say about this place, now about everything else..
-my udon soup was really weak. The shrimp were soggy and small..looks like it was just our average frozen shrimp (picture). Fortunately, I can make better instant udon purchased at Asian markets.
- notice, no credit card charges under 10$
-gratuity was included our bill (of 5 people) and there was an additional line on our check for more tip. NOPE.
Decided to grab some sushi in Philly and chose to go to Kabukiza Sushi, conveniently located near my hotel. Of course I had to try the signature of the city, the Philidelphia Roll, and grabbed one of the chefs specials, the Marriott Roll. Service was great, and pretty fast, and the sushi was delicately prepared and extremely delicious. Very fresh tasting and perfectly proportioned. Left feeling very satisfied and will surely return if I'm in Philly again. Price was decent, ate for under $20 and it was worth it.
This place is awesome! It is not the BEST sushi i have ever had but it is above average and SUPER convenient to the convention center. I am the meeting manager for the conference in town which means i have been working 14+ hour days. When I get back to my hotel room at the Marriott the last thing I wanted to do was go back out to grab dinner at 9pm so two nights in a row I ordered here. I used Foodler to place my order and I love the $10 minimum (vs the $15 that other places had since i am only ordering for one person).  

Maybe it is b/c I am from the DC suburbs but these prices are not high at all to me. PLUS, who wants to buy "cheap/discounted" sushi... ummm food poisoning anyone?  Just kidding, kind of.  Any way, the food was good, I preferred the california rolls I got the first night which had the mayo in them b/c without the mayo the flavor was lacking a bit, however, overall it was still good and a healthy option over BurgerFi (who has gotten my order wrong not TWO, like I said in my reviews, but THREE times now)... they meet me in my hotel lobby and it is super easy to order using foodler.com.

The smoked salmon and avocado roll is good too (philadelphia roll with no cream cheese). The rice to filling ratio IS great... not too much rice... i hate places that give me too much rice bc/ that is the part i dont want. 

I was going to try the pork Gyoza but did not b/c the two rolls filled me up the first night so I didnt want to add anything the second time.

I would definitely dine there again... I may have to order from there one more time before i head back home!
Decided to try this place again because people were raving about their 3 roll special - 3 basic rolls for $10. Maybe I shouldn't have tried again because my perception of this place dropped even more, even with the deal. 

BE WARNED, EVERYONE! This place uses tempura flakes in their basic rolls, even though it does NOT state it on the menu! ALL three had tempura flakes mixed in with the fish, which makes them save money by using LESS fish (CHEAP), and adds a ton of calories and fat to your (what should've been a standard healthy) meal. I get that some people prefer it this way, but at least PUT IT ON THE MENU as an ingredient. 

Also tried their noodles again; I would say their seasoning for the sauce is great, but the chicken was SOO dry and overcooked it tasted almost like rubber. I guess 

Now, I am trying to be fair, and I acknowledge that I am somewhat biased because I've worked at a sushi restaurant before. So, because the service was adequate (unlike their food), I will give this place 2 stars.
came here on a whim and had a really great time! great quality of sushi and great prices! the hibachi fried rice was a little bit more oily than i prefer but the rolls were super fresh!

salmon roll - i love when sushi places use big cuts of salmon instead of shredding it and making some sort of mayo salad with it gross. this place has great fresh salmon for their salmon rolls as well as their yellowtail!

i'd definitely be interested to come back and get some take out
My Husband and I went here for our final dinner on our recent visit to Philly. We were having a hard time deciding what and where we wanted to eat. We had passed this place while walking around on our first day in the city. My husband suddenly remembered it and I look it up on yelp. The reviews were all positive and that made our decision easy! 

We were not disappointed at all. They even had delicious Boboa teas. We ended up getting 5 rolls and two teas. Everything was awesome and when we got out check they had graciously given us a 20% discount. We're not sure why but it was appreciated. Our entire meal was only about $50 which is a steal compared to the $75 we usually spend on sushi back home in Orlando. 

Everything about Kabuki from the service to the food was excellent. It is a must visit during your stay!! The presentation of our food was even amazing!!
Came here for my birthday dinner (I know.. what was I thinking coming here for a birthday dinner?) This place is simply... okay. Nothing bad about this place, but nothing special about this place either.

Fusion rolls were... again, just okay. Not super fresh, but also not disgustingly old. The stir fried noodles were on the smaller portion, and also tasted like something I make in my own kitchen. We also ordered, udon, but they did not have the red pepper, which is pretty basic for any Japanese restaurant. 

Apparently the best part about this place is the 3 roll special, so I guess to sum up this place, it's only worth it if you're getting the special.
The food was excellent. I had splendid time over there.  The service couldn't been better. The staff treated me well. I recommend for those who are craving for sushi in the area.
Kabukiza was one of only a handful of places still serving food when we ventured out of our hotel in search of dinner. And since we were craving sushi, the field narrowed down quickly to Kabukiza. A cute little spot that you'll only find with the help of your Yelp app -- and the giant red logo on their door.

Our food was good. Not the greatest sushi we've ever had, but definitely more than passable, and enough to satisfy our hunger. We ordered steamed Shrimp Shumai to start, and they were delicious. My fiance had the Chicken Katsu Bento Box for dinner, and it was huge! More than enough food for one person. I think the Katsu was just okay ... maybe the sauce wasn't what he thought it would be? I had the Cucumber Avocado roll and the Spicy Salmon Roll. If you've read any of my reviews, you know I don't like spicy food, but the waitress assured me that the roll wasn't too spicy. She was right! It was only a subtle kick. Very good, very tasty. Also, it's worth noting that the roll was 8 pieces -- very filling!

What about the service, you ask? Well ...service is a bit of a pain. There were two other parties in the small restaurant. Our waitress sat us down with menus as soon as we walked in, and didn't come back to check on us or take our order for at least 15 minutes. And the place isn't big; she was standing down by the sushi bar, chatting with the other employees. Alright, I guess? And same thing when we were done -- took us a while to get her attention so we could pay our bill. It made our late night drag just a little bit longer, which wasn't much fun.

It's a cute little spot, and the sushi is good -- but next time, maybe we'll just order takeout?
Price: fairly high for the neighborhood with limited specials 

Quality: excellent !!!

Since their grand opening me and my boyfriend have been here atleast five times, and we've brought other people with us every single time and every experience was great! 

The service is whatever, they don't really talk much but that doesn't really bother me. The food is awesome though. 

Black dragon roll, shrimp tempura roll, eel avocado roll, kabuki roll, spicy crabmeat roll, spicy shrimp roll. I can't remember all of the other specialty sushi entrees that we tried but this place is a hidden gem! 

However, I did try their chicken katsu - sauce is a no bueno. However, if you stick with their sushi/sashimi - you will not be disappointed! 

Also, they deliver.
This review is for delivery 

-----

On a random weekend night, the GF and I felt checking out another Philly sushi spot for delivery. We settled upon Kabuki Sushi. 

Sushi Regular Entree [$15.95]
Seven pieces of assorted sushi, California roll, miso soup, house salad

With the sushi regular entree, we received some miso soup, which was fairly standard - briny with bits of tofu and scallion within. The house salad came with some tomatoes, Iceberg lettuce, and julienned strips of carrot, along with some of that prototypical ginger dressing. 

For the sushi, we actually received nigiri, which included fatty white tuna (I know it's bad for you, but I love it!), meaty yellowtail, snappy striped bass, fatty salmon, fresh tuna, and a California roll. The rice was lightly warm and had a sweet vinegary seasoning that didn't overpower the fish. Not bad for delivery! 
 
Philadelphia Roll [$5.25]
Smoked salmon, cream cheese, avocado

I love a good Philly roll and this didn't disappoint. Basically bagels and lox without the cure, the fattiness of the salmon, avocado, and cream cheese obviously went well together. 

New York Roll [$12.95]
Spicy salmon, tuna crunchy, avocado roll, topped with spicy tuna, salmon, flying fish roe, scallion, wasabi sauce.  

Their specialty NY roll was a contrast in spicy salmon, which was cooled off by the creamy avocado. I appreciated the crunch of the tuna and the briny pop of masago. 

Volcano Roll [$9.95]
Tempura rice roll topped with spicy tuna, chef's sauce

The volcano roll was especially gluttonous and overdone with mayo on top of the spicy tuna. Americanized sushi exemplified. 

Sweet Potato Roll [$4.95] 

You know we had to order our standard sweet potato roll. Sadly, the sweet potato was still a bit starchy and the tempura crunch was just not there. 
 
Overall, the nigiri were good at Kabuki, especially for delivery. But there were a few misses as well. Still, if you're looking for takeout or delivery, I'd give them a try - the order got to our door within 30 minutes!
Ordered through an app for pick up during lunch 

They wanted to charge $3.00 additional to deep fry my roll, I don't care if I was a millionaire I wouldn't pay $3.00 to deep fry any sushi roll that is already $17.00. 

So for they they have lost a customer and I'm also letting everyone know not to ask to deep fry your roll.
I came here on a Thursday night with my three friends at around 5pm.  There were no people in the restaurant since it was pretty early so we were seated and waited on immediately.  We received our orders very quickly.  I ordered the fireball roll and spicy tuna roll for myself and they were both delicious.  I liked how the fireball roll was fried which added some nice texture.  For dessert my friend and I shared a fried tempura ice cream (chocolate).  It was pretty mediocre and I've definitely had better fried ice cream before.  I wish the fried ice cream was crispier.  

If you check in here on Yelp you can get a 10% off coupon which I tried to use but our waiter had no idea what he was doing and made me hit the wrong button on my Yelp app so the coupon said I couldn't use it anymore and for some reason the waiter wouldn't then take my coupon even though he saw it with his own eyes on my phone.  My friend then used the exact same coupon after checking in on Yelp on her own phone and the waiter then accepted it which was annoying because he basically made us repeat what I did on my phone.  Hopefully that story made sense...

Food was great, service was alright, would definitely come back!
I love sushi, really I do. And anytime there's a place to get sushi when I'm on the road away from home, I will give it a try. Tonight I read a lot of the yelp reviews for the various sushi places around the Philadelphia convention center and I decided to give Kabuki a try. 

I liked that it was a very short walk from the Marriott hotels. The place was very clean and my female server was friendly.  She also came over to refill my green tea without me asking her to. 

Now maybe it's a Philadelphia thing, but in just about all of the sushi places in New Jersey, they'll give you hot green tea for free. Here it's $1.50. The tea also tasted very floral, which was different than most of the green teas I've had at sushi restaurants.  However, the food here is much smaller than what I've been used to in other sushi places. The miso soup was very watered-down and the salad was small. I ordered the sushi deluxe meal which came with miso soup and salad. 

The spicy tuna rolls are REALLY small. No, I'm not a sushi connoisseur, but I'd like to think that each sushi roll should have a minimum diameter larger the size of a US quarter. Some of these rolls had a diameter less than a nickel. I even added a picture of my thumb next to one of the rolls. And I have to admit it, I don't have huge hands.  

My suggestion is to make the rolls a little bigger and offer free green tea. Will I be back here during my four day stay in the city, probably not. A lot of places in NJ with similarly-priced sushi also offer slices of orange, melon or gum/candy when they present you with the bill to cleanse your palate, but not here.
At first glance, great prices for lunch specials and common sushi. The rolls come stuffed with ingredients, but the quality of the fish was quite questionable. Super fatty, odd textured salmon rolls as well as super fishy yellowtail. The lunch special comes with a soup or salad though, and that's a deal you can't beat for 13 bucks or so! Favorite roll was either the spicy white tuna of the eel avocado. The salmon I probably wouldn't get again, just because the quality was odd.
It was a day of grueling conference. My head was saturated with all new info, it was knowledge overload. I was too tired to have dinner. I was looking for a sushi place with a record of good standing. I found this one within a block from our hotel. It was a nice quiet restaurant. Very simple decoration but clean. I made a reservation online but got there early. The menu had relative good number of items. The service of food delivery to the table was fast. The seafood miso soup may needs more seafood . The shrimp shumai was average. The crazy Friday Roll was ok. I liked to have more spicy tuna inside. The sitting arrangement looked little congested, probably to accommodate more people inside. Overall, I was happy with the service and taste of the food. By the time I left the place, my stomach was full and my headache was gone.
Awesome sushi and service! Everyone there was friendly. Pricing is great. Def money worth. Ordered the chicken teriyaki bento box and it was delicious. Will def come back for more.
Kabuki is a solid sushi spot. I have ordered delivery, pick up, and also dined in. There is not a ton of seating, but I've never had an issue getting a table. The sushi is always tasty, and staff are very friendly. My one complaint with regards to dining in is there is often only one waiter, which can cause service to be very slow.

This is by far my favorite or "go to" sushi restaurant in the city, but it has been convenient when I need to grab a quick lunch after court.
Really disappointing sushi experience here.  Avoid.

We tried some nigiri sushi (salmon, tuna, red snapper) which is pieces of raw fish on beds of sushi rice.  The nigiri sushi was really bad. 

What was unacceptable to me was that the fish was scored across the surface, so that each piece of fish was split open in several places. Some parts of the fish were stretched thin to wrap around the rice, like an open hinge just barely covering the rice. What I usually love about sushi is the suppleness of the fish.  At Kabuki Sushi, the fish is all sliced up on the surface so that there isn't any rich supple texture. Instead, eating the nigiri sushi here feels eating a meager and thin threadbare scrap of fish on rice. Really bad move. I can only guess that they score the fish so that they can use smaller pieces of fish to cover the standard sized bed of rice.

We also tried some spicy tuna maki (sushi roll).  This was also disappointing. As others have mentioned, it's not chopped up tuna inside the roll. Rather, it's tiny shreds of tuna mixed with some other filler & it does not taste good.

In general, the fish was of mediocre freshness.  

The seaweed salad was fine, though on the salty side.

Avoid Kabukiza Sushi if you're looking for sushi. There's much better sushi to be had in Philadelphia at the same price (or cheaper).
Very difficult rating here.  More like 2.5.  I got the Sushi Lunch to go.  It had 3 rolls and a salad (could also order it with a soup).  It looked as I expected.  Small pieces (8 pieces per roll) with a good fish to rice ratio.  The spicy tuna was lacking any flavor.  It was mushed up tuna with tobiko and spicy sauce.  I usually don't like using much soy sauce, but i needed it with this one.  Same with the eel and cucumber, which actually turned out to be eel and avocado.  I never put soy on eel rolls because they come with the eel sauce, but this one had very little going for it.  The best roll was easily the yellowtail scallion.  Good fish and flavorful.  Based on my experience, I would recommend getting fish-only (no sauces) rolls here.
My favorite place in Philadelphia to get sushi! 
I usually order my favorite rolls here -- salmon avocado roll, spicy tuna roll, & spider roll. All of which are extremely tasty and contain generous amounts of protein (and not filled with excessive rice).

I have also tried the bento box specials here which are so delicious and filling. I love that it comes with so much! The bento box includes a portion of the selected entree (I usually get the chicken teriyaki), shu mai, California roll, and a soup/salad. There is so much variety my taste buds tingle with happiness at all the flavors. 

Not to mention the customer service is always on their A-game here. I have ordered take out delivery and eaten inside the restaurant and both are great experiences. 

The delivery is always very quick! There used to be this delivery boy I thought was really cute, but I haven't seen him deliver in awhile. Regardless, the food is still great!
I ordered delivery to the hotel I was staying at, and read a lot of reviews both on Yelp and GrubHub about how great Kabuki was. However I really don't understand the hype. My dinner left me with a slight stomach ache and was just not very good. 

I ordered the Sushi Pizza because I was super intrigued. This was probably the best thing I ordered, however I could not eat a lot of it as the flavors got pretty old. I also ordered a Spicy Tuna Roll and Marriott Roll. The Spicy Tuna was meh, just mushed up Tuna and spicy sauce. The Marriott Roll was kind of the same thing, just meh. The tempura shrimp wasn't very warm and the coating was so thick I felt like I was just eating breading. 

Overall, I wouldn't order or visit this place again. I've had much better sushi in Wisconsin.
Ordered take out. Got sass from the waitress checking me out for no reason. The sushi was alright but nothing to write home about, except that all three orders were jam packed into one container. The agedashi tofu was AWFUL. The only redeeming thing I can think of was the side of sushi rice and the fact that I had a 10% off coupon. I will be looking for another sushi place next time.
This place has a great lunch special. Quick service whether you decide to eat in or take out. It's not the largest space wise but I've always been rather comfortable. The sushi here is fresh and tastes good. Other than that I've had the bubble teas and a few select appetizers which are what you would expect. 

Realistically, there's nothing that really sets this place apart from other sushi restaurants in the area. They prepare very similarly and if it wasn't for the lunch roll special I probably would've never stopped in here. 

However, that doesn't diminish that they offer good food at a reasonable price. For that I'll reason I'll continue to return.
Went there 2 days ago and my experience was absolutely great! We ordered one of their signature rolls, the Marriott roll. To be honest, we ordered that roll  simply out of curiousity. Like how can one single roll costs at the price of $13.95? But after they delivered us the roll, we were in awed. It was nothing like how we had imagined. The Marriott roll was extremely beautiful and big in size, aside from that the plate were also beautifully decorated with bird!! The only regretful thing was that I forgot to take a picture... But I definitely will next time! 
The price was definitely worth it!
Would give 0 stars if possible.  Took a reservation on Yelp for 6:30 PM for 6 people.  Received a text confirmation for reservation which I then confirmed again.  

Showed up with clients and no tables available and unable to rectify situation at all.

If they use yelp for reservations and reviews should they not utilize the service to serve clients who book with them???
Always order take out or delivery from this place cuz it's close to my working place. Pretty convenient and the order was processed fast. The lunch special sushi is well worth the price, but wouldn't recommend the udon noodle soup.
Really disappointing experience at a $20 bento box which worth less than $5 ... Without mentioning that the food came an hour later ...

My friend has a salad that has freezing tomato, cabbage with ice. we also had California rolls that are worse than Panda Express. 

Not sure where these 5 star reviews are coming from. maybe I am having a bad day or they are having one.
I have to bring Kabuki down a star. To 3.5 really. It's no longer my first choice for sushi, as I've found better quality for better prices elsewhere. 

I decided to order today, and while 50% of the rolls were delicious, the other 50% were too fishy tasting, and needed wasabi and soy sauce to hide the flavor. Salmon is my absolute favorite, and even that I felt disappointed in. It was solid pink fish with no marbling whatsoever. 

Maybe they changed suppliers or just got a subpar delivery.
This review is solely for the lunch delivery service. 

Was seriously craving sushi so I searched Grubhub and found that most places just offered their regular menu with no specials.  Thankfully, I came across this place which offered a bang-for-your-buck $10.95 Lunch Special:  3 sushi rolls of your choosing and a miso soup or salad.  You can't go wrong with those prices.

I opted for the spicy crabmeat, eel avocado, and 5 piece shrimp tempura rolls.  All were fresh and absolutely delicious and the salad came with that signature ginger dressing.  I was nice and full after my lunch- such a huge sushi portion for the price.

The delivery was the speediest I've ever had.  Took only about a half hour at the most (even though Grubhub said it would be a full hour) and the bike messenger was smart enough to meet me in the back freight area and call my cell so as to avoid going through the hassle of security in the lobby.

I really, truly appreciate a cheap center city lunch spot that offers delivery to the Cira Centre (since we're practically left with no good lunch options over here) so I will definitely be ordering from here often.
Decided to try a new sushi place instead of ordering from the usual place we use.
Where do I begin... Okay I'll say delivery was on time. But after the delivery guy call to say he was here... He started banging on the door like he couldn't wait.
Food: The salmon tempura roll had huge pieces of avocado sticking out of it. One piece had a 2 inch slice of avocado! The seafood gyozas were hard and almost burnt on the bottom. Barely any seafood flavor. The outer shell was too hard and dried out to chew. The lunch shrimp teriyaki bento box... First of all it came in a styrofoam takeout box, which I've never seen done for a bento box. The shumi dumplings were bland and just a soft jelly consistency when you bite into it. The shrimp for the teriyaki was over cooked and wasn't as warm as the other ingredients. Never had soft broccoli from an asian restaurant. Over all we threw most of it in the trash. Wasn't worth eating. We tried some place new... Won't be trying them again
This review is about the take out menu. BEWARE:  Take out menu is not what it seems. Fault advertising. I just got this takeout menu less than a week.   As much as I love this place and I order from here 3-4 times a month. I will stop going here for awhile and will explore other places. I am disappointed. The service went downhill since they opened the place. I ordered Spicy Roll Combo. The take out menu says it comes with miso soup & salad, sashimi extra a bowl of rice. Yes I have ordered this many times.   I got home and there were no extra sashimi and rice. I called them they said they dont do it anymore.  If they dont do it anymore why dont they cross that out!  Now it's not really worth $16.95 anymore.  Dissapointed.  Other restaurant when they dont serve it anymore it's their fault to have it on the menu so they honor the deal anyway.  Here they refused give me extra sashimi. I wouldnt have order this if I would have known they stop giving extra sashimi.

If you are ordering take out, call first to see what comes with.  Who knows they might change it again without fixing the takeout menu. if  5 stars for food quality and yumminess  2 stars for not update their takeout menu.
The fish quality was great but waiting 1 hour and 30 minutes for delivery that was promised in 50 minutes is just not worth it!

AVOID ordering delivery unless you have some time to kill!
This review is based on my delivery order through GrubHub...

We ordered 5 rolls online, just standard like Alaska roll, Philly Roll, Spicy Tuna, etc.. and they arrived really quickly. When we opened them up I was shocked at how much there actually was! 

Each roll was like 7-8 pieces, so they were a little smaller (which I prefer cause you can fit one whole piece in your mouth) and there were a ton of pieces. I only got 2 of the rolls and was full at the 1.5 mark. 

The roll was fresh and they let me substitute white tuna for regular tuna (if you have never tried white tuna, its glorious!). I didn't even mind paying the $1.00 delivery fee!
I'm going to have to agree with Amalia Y.'s review that the sushi has a good rice to filling ratio, but might be a bit on the pricier side for Philly. 

I came in very hungry after work one day to satisfy a sushi craving. When I opened the menu, I was greeted a decent selection of appetizers, salads, sushi, and desserts. While the menu was not the most extensive one I've seen, it featured some pretty creative options. 

Two interesting items that caught my eye were the mango & avocado salad, and the wasabi shumai. I decided to start out with those. However, I was greatly disappointed because the shumai was very mushy, the filling was not very flavorful, and the green colored, wasabi-flavored shell did not really add much to the overall taste and quality of the food. The dipping sauce for it also didn't taste like anything. 

Similarly, the mango and avocado salad was very lackluster. Although it came with fresh slices of mango and avocado, these were laid on top of a bed of flavorless iceberg lettuce and came with a side of flavorless creamy dressing. 

Sushi-wise, I went with the Pink Lady roll, which was very pretty, very fresh, and very delicious. I would have preferred it with a bit more texture and flavor (perhaps by addition of sauce or other topping), but the rice to filling ration was very important here, and it seems they had it right. 

As for dessert, unfortunately the tempura battered red bean ice cream was extremely difficult to swallow. While there was not anything particularly bad about the taste, the combination of the tough texture of the ice cream with chunks of red bean combined with the cold, soggy, and dough-y shell really did not make its way down my throat easily. I blame myself for making a poor dessert choice, but at the same time, I'm not sure this is something that should be served to the public. 

Despite its proximity to City Hall and busy surrounding areas, the restaurant is tucked on a surprisingly quiet stretch of 13th Street, off the beaten path between Filbert and Arch. As a result, it was easy for me to find a seat, and the service was very friendly. Overall, this is not a place for a magical sushi experience along the lines of Zama, Doma, or Fat Salmon, but it's a pretty solid place for good quality sushi in a casual setting.
Kabuki gets points for being on grubhub with a $1 delivery charge, but the quality of the food is definitely NOT worthy of it's current 4.5 yelp star average. Seriously, what the hell??

I got a spicy tuna roll & a New York roll.  The fish in each roll was minced (even the tuna that topped the New York roll), not a whole chunk or slice. The spicy tuna & avocado tartar was alright but it was the same minced tuna that was in the rolls.  Everything had a bit too much spicy mayo. Minced fish mixed with spicy mayo both in & on top of a roll suggests that they're trying to mask poorly cut or not so great quality fish. 

My food tasted ever so slightly fishy. I woke up hours later with some GI issues. I don't know how this below average sushi joint has so many great reviews.
No stars. This sushi was disgusting. I got 2 signature rolls. They came and they were soggy and mushy. They were incorrect from what I ordered. Not sure if the quality of the sushi was just so bad that they taste wrong? I immediately spit them out because  I thought I might get sick. Not only was the sushi terrible, i waited an hour and a half on a Tuesday night! The delivery guy finally came and couldn't stop coughing. Unsanitary and the worst sushi I've ever had. In addition to that, after I opened it and tried them I called for a refund- they would only give me half off. I even told them they could pick the rolls back up. Terrible
One of my favorite sushi places! The sushi is definitely 8 or 9 out of 10 and quite an affordable eat especially when they have their sashimi and roll specials! The customer service is great too. Great restaurant with a great atmosphere to go to for any occasion - simple get together, date night, etc.  Thank you, Kabuki for being my go to sushi place!!
Have tasted better sushi restaurants. Sat inside the tiny restaurant and it was loud, I could hear the clanking of pots and pans from the kitchen, and the waiters were rude and unfriendly. 

Ordered the miso soup as a starter, it seemed like it was just microwaved from a packet of miso soup in the kitchen- did not seem fresh at all.

Ordered the shrimp asparagus roll which was okay but really plan- didn't seem like anything special. 

You can get better sushi elsewhere in Center City - stay away from this place.
A decent find next to the courthouse. Went here for lunch when I was given an hour break from my jury duty. They had a variety of different lunch specials including Bento boxes and three roll combos. I had the shrimp bento box which was presented well. It was served with miso soup and came with a California roll as well as pork shumai. I wish they specified that the shumai was shrimp as it usually is since I don't eat pork, but it was also partly my fault since I should have asked rather than assumed. The service was quick which I appreciated and after I was done with my meal. I lingered longer and had the melon bubble teaZ! It was good.
The only reasons why I decided to check out Kabuki was because I wanted sushi and it was really close to the convention center. After several days of gluttony, I needed  something healthier so this was perfect. 

I had take-out once for lunch and once for dinner and both times the food was just mediocre. I ordered the sashimi salad ($9.95), the salmon avocado roll ($5.95), and the sushi lunch special which came with 6 pieces of nigiri and a california roll ($11.95). Out of everything, the only items worth getting were the salmon avocado roll and the california roll. Simple and with minimal rice, you really can't go wrong. Unfortunately, the great filling/fish to rice ratio did not extend to the nigiri. They were all rice and very little fish. Also, the sashimi salad was just pathetic. I can't even believe it cost $10. It was literally just iceberg lettuce, a few shredded carrot pieces, 2 slices of tomatoes, and maybe 10 slivers of fish (see photo) with a side of dressing. Probably one of the most disappointing sashimi salads I've ever had and I've had quite a few since it's one of my favorite things to order.

Bottom line, Kabuki satisfied what I was looking for, but would I come back? Probably not. I was an out-of-towner so maybe my expectations were too high, but next time, I'll probably get my sushi fix elsewhere. By the way, check-in on Yelp for 10% off. Also, if you order their lunch specials to-go, you apparently don't get the miso soup or salad it's supposed to come with. At least I didn't.
The restaurant is pretty small, and there isn't much seating. 

I ordered some takeout sushi via the Ritual app, and I included a note for them to add spicy mayo on the side. For whatever reason, they informed me that they couldn't add spicy mayo to my order, so I would have to purchase it separately, then wouldn't let me use my credit card because I didn't reach the minimum (I didn't bring cash because I ordered it and pre-paid before I came). The guy at the counter was pretty adamant about it and not very friendly when I came in.

The sushi was okay - not the best I've had, but it was solid. I only ordered vegetable rolls, and they were pretty average. The main reason I came in was a discount I had via the app, but I probably would not come here again and pay full prices.
I got delivery from Kabukiza Sushi one day when working late. The prices were decent and the reviews were inspiring.

The order arrived quickly. Everything seemed fresh. The salad and soup were good. My sushi was very fresh and tasty. The eel which I got as an extra was yummy. All in all it was a pretty good meal.

I will certainly consider ordering from this joint again. Good stuff.
Absolutely delicious!
The Fantasy roll was an awesome roll if you like a variety of protein. I really enjoyed the eel, salmon, and tuna together.
The Inaka roll was my favorite, I loved the tropical flavor with the spices and fresh fish.
The New York was another hit with multiple proteins in one roll. I have to say, the wasabi sauce on top really amps up the flavor in the best way. 
The was some of the best sushi I've ever had and I've lived in Japan and all over southeast Asian, eaten sushi in Vegas, Chicago, NC, Cali, all over. 
Definitely stop in this quaint sushi shop if you want outstanding service and delicious food.
Amazing sushi , fresh , fast. 
I am just in Philadelphia for work and I do not know what to get here or eat here. I looked up sushi places on yelp and saw this one. I made a reservation and was not let down. This is a great , small cozy place with amazing sushi ! I definitely recommend it !
Great sushi spot right by the convention center. The place is clean and it has a nice atmosphere to it! 

I ordered the salmon roll and Marriott roll and they were both great! Good portion of rice and salmon and I seriously wanted to order another salmon roll but I didn't because I got a bento box. The marriott roll had generous amount of fried shrimp tempura in it. Once you bite into it, you can taste the crunchiness of the skin of the tempura and then the tenderness from the shrimp. Not over cooked, which is great!  

They have a bunch of different kinds of bento box but I got the katsu one. In the bento box, it comes with california roll, katsu with dipping sauce, sui mei, rice (your choice of brown or white), and salad. The katsu was really nice and crispy. The california roll had generous amount of crab meat and avocado! Sui mei is pretty small, which Im not use to but it still tasted good. Not to mention that it was already flavored with soy sauce.  

However, out of all of the options in the bento box, my favorite was the salad. Their dressing is sooo good! It does not taste like your average store bought dressing. This is definitely homemade and a must try. Can I have the dressing recipe? Lol 

I highly recommend trying the salmon roll and one of their bento boxes! Well worth it!
It was my first time trying this place via delivery. I ordered the Mango dragon roll which is shrimp tempura, mango with eel sauce. It was very tasty but the portion was so small for $14.95! I feel it was missing 5 more pieces for a speciality roll. I probably would go in person to try their lunch special once restuarants open up in Philly during Covid.
Have only been here twice, but I just recently moved to the area. Was looking for a go-to sushi place, and I've definitely found that here. First time I was here, my friends and I were the only people in the whole place, which worried me, but all for not! Sushi was amazing, I don't see myself even trying another place. It's clean and not overcrowded. Have had 10+ different rolls from here, all amazing and fresh! The water doesn't taste like pond like most sushi places and I couldn't stop talking about how comfortable my chair was hahahaha. Have yet to try their bubble tea, I get that in China Town because I always forget it's offered here.
Awesome , cozy and fast! Great lunch! Nice service- veru attentive. I was a little late for lunch (5min) but they still let me order it! Loved the lunch bento box with shrimp hibachi! You get soup or salad,rice , shumai and roll. Awesome for 10$! WILL COME AGAIN;)
Pretty glad I ate here. After calling in and ordering over the phone, my order was ready in 10 minutes - Points for speed to Kabuki!

-I probably wouldn't order the calamari again, It was okay, but I've also had better. Considering the price-quantity of $7 for 7 or 8 rings and 3 or 4 strips of fried squid, I just would find it worth ordering again.

-The miso soup (which I didn't realize I would be getting) was perhaps a bit bland, but was warm and filling like a savory tea. (Miso experts, hit me up. I take it, miso soup is supposed to be like a pre-meal tea with a few particles of tofu and seaweed, right?

-Ginger Salad was tasty! After finishing it, I found myself longing for 2 or 3 more cups of ginger sauce to soak the rest of my meal in. NIce touch.

-The sashimi was all fresh. A few cuts (the salmon and white tuna) were amazing! The tuna akami and yellowtail were still pretty good, too. These sashimi cuts may have been a bit on the smaller side, but given the value of the 5 Nigiri, 9 Sashimi, 1 Maki, 1 ginger salad, and 1 miso soup for $22, I'M NOT COMPLAINING.

-Solid Tuna Roll. :) I mean, its a pretty standard Sushi Bar item, with little room to differentiate your roll, so its hard to say much here. I think they might have put a bit of extra sugar and vinegar in the sushi though, cause I really liked it? The sushi could have just tasted better because I was hungry though. Ingredients were fresh and tasty.

-The 5 pieces of Nigiri were the highlight IMO. They didn't fall apart. They had a good meat/rice ratio. I would assume they used the same batch of good sushi rice as the Tuna Maki.

Good sushi joint with fast service, pretty good pricing, decent-good ingredients, and they were nice enough to setup shop 45 seconds from my hotel. Would visit again.
I have now eaten at Kabukiza Sushi eight times and it has gotten progressively better each time with today's sushi being the best I have had in two years. The restaurant is small with 4 four-tops and a very small sushi bar. They have a complete menu and I have enjoyed the sushi. My kids have gotten teriyaki chicken a few times, which they like. This is my 15 yo Son's go-to place when I bring him along on my business trips to Philadelphia. 

The lack of beer, wine, or saki is a real detriment. I'm not going to penalize them for that due to the grading curve on Yelp, but it is a pisser. They do allow byob and you can get bottles, including six packs at BurgerFi just down the alley. There is a wine/liquor store down the ally to Reading Terminal and right one half block. I like to have a tasty cold beer with sushi.  So I have a few. 

The "regular" sushi dinner is a great choice. Six nigiri and six California rolls for $16.95 at dinner. The fish, specially the Salmon has been melt in the mouth awesome that last few times I've been there. 

Wait staff and ownership appears Chinese, but that is oddly normal and I'm kinda weirded out that I wrote it. Who cares?  Snobs do. But snobs won't like this place. All of that to say that the staff is efficient and attentive. But they are not looking to be your friend either.  I appreciate that.

Good. Go.
Okay sushi, but great deal for the lunch prices. You can get three rolls for ~$10. Plus, they have fried ice cream and it's pretty good here. Other than that, it's a relatively small place and generally empty. Good place to stop by for a lunch break.
I give this place 4 stars because they deliver!  I live in a dead-zone when it comes to delivery and I usually end up with Chinese food or pizza.  Kabukiza delivers to my neighborhood and they were lightning fast.  I do think the sushi was a bit expensive, but it was tasty and super fresh.  I give it 2 thumbs wayyyy up.  Plus, I got free delivery because my order was over 35.00.
I order from here all the time and the Food is great! I get delivery and it is always SUPER fast. The sushi is fresh, tasty and their specialty rolls are awesome! I'm a regular bc of the great quality of their product even with take-out!
This is in response to the comment left by the owner. I actually ate here twice that week because I believe you should try everything twice to make sure you don't like it. And yes, I ordered some more expensive rolls (note that I said "expensive", not "authentic"). And, no, sushi is not simply about raw fish. Anyone who's ever eaten at a real sushi restaurant or watched sushi documentaries ("Jiro Dreams of Sushi") knows that fish needs to be carefully treated and prepared and though not pickled, there is a texturizing/flavoring process that can take days. This place clearly serves low-end sushi, as in "defrost fish then slice and hope no one notices we don't know what we're doing". Putting sauces and more stuff inside seaweed is not "authentic"--it's simply busy. True sushi does not need mayonnaise or eel sauce or siracha on everything. As I said before, it's healthier than fried food, but it's not "authentic" Japanese sushi. It'll do in a pinch but if you're serving me crab sticks from a box you can't call yourself a high end sushi joint. Knocking off one star from my original review because sometimes we foodies know what we're talking about.
Delicious sushi! My husband and I stumbled upon this place while wandering around downtown (while visiting family), and we loved this place! We shared the Fantasy Roll, Redmask Roll, and Godzilla Roll- all of them were very delicious! Also if it's cold outside, try the hot bubble tea! It sounds strange, but I had the coconut and my husband had the coffee, and they were so good- just what we needed after walking out in the cold for an hour. The food was made in a timely manner, and the staff was very friendly! A little pricey, but worth it!
Great sushi but restaurant wasn't that busy yet we waited over an hour for 3 rolls. Seems they are focused on their delivery business. Eventually we got food and it was good. But they need to do better. They offered us nothing. No free drink, nothing for waiting at a table for an hour after ordering.
Great sushi.  Super fast delivery.  Had my order (2 rolls) in 15 minutes after placing an order on Eat24's app.  Was fresh and delicious!  

Would recommend!
Place was very small, but it's a very good place for a date of 2 or a group of 4. Very fresh sushi and cozy environment. Great costumer service, waitress gave us free sushi rolls because of miscommunication on ordering. Will definitely come back to this place.
Ordered take-out today for lunch using their online ordering feature.  My order at 12:02 and by 12:25 I was receiving a call from my receptionist saying that my lunch was at the front desk!  SCORE!!!

I almost hate rating / reviewing sushi restaurants in my current preggo state.  But of course when the doctor says "don't eat X" all you can do is crave & dream about "X".  The same has been true for sushi / raw seafood ... so I've danced w/ the idea of real sushi by having california, shrimp tempura, spider, veggie rolls, etc.  

Today I had a shrimp tempura roll and house salad w/ ginger sauce.  I threw in a bottle of water to take my order over the $10 delivery requirement.  I was certainly pleased w/ my meal and even more pleased with the quick and friendly service.  Can't wait to really try out their menu when I can really explore the menu (not just the PG aka cooked portion)...
I ordered delivery; the employee over the phone was very helpful. I ordered edamame, vegetable spring roll, avocado cucumber roll. The food came an hour after ordering. The sushi was so fresh and delicious. The spring roll got crushed during delivery but it was still very good. I would definitely order from here again.
I've eaten here and had delivery from here a few times now. The sushi has always been very fresh and delicious
I don't remember the name of my favorite Sushi Roll. I'll let you know when I'm there tonight.
It's very clean comfortable cozy restaurant. Well decorated and well maintained. Even better very talented people running it and working. Food was excellent, service was perfect. Can't go wrong.
This is my favorite Sushi place ever! Always polite, food is always fresh. I love this place. They have great lunch specials, however, even if you don't order on the lunch menu they still have excellent prices. Nice quaint place(not too small, not too big) i never eat in since i Work close but i am there quite often. Also, there is a 10% discount if you use cash that's awesome as well!
Aweful! Over priced! No flavor! Go else where! I had the shrimp veggie tempura ....2 dinky shrimp and a few veggies. No flavor at all!
Okay sushi. Frozen deep fried calamari. Radio playing commercials. Inexperienced kitchen. One sweet waiter.  
Tip: stick to take out and special rolls. Use the Yelp coupon.
A group of 7 of us ordered this for delivery thinking that it would be good with a 4-star rating. All of us are in agreement that the sushi is very average (at best). My rolls were around $13 each and very lame, lacking any good flavor (the best part was the spicy mayo on the side and made the food tolerable). The cheaper regular rolls were also not very good. E.g., my friend said his Philly Roll had very tasteless cream cheese. A sushi place in Philly should be able to make a half-decent Philly Roll. Even something as simple as edamame was sub-par. We had sushi delivery several times from other places (which are even worse rated on Yelp) and had a much better experience.
Had dinner here tonight with my wife.  The food was excellent. We ordered a couple of different rolls but the best for us were the shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, and california rolls.  Also the edamame appetizer was excellent! We ended the evening with a honeydew bubble tea, the best we've tasted in ages. The service was great, really nice staff. We would definitely recommend this restaurant. Great, comfortable atmosphere. We'll definitely come back.
I eat for lunch...a lot. The special is a standard $11.95 for three rolls plus soup or salad. The rolls are decently sized, and tasty, though nothing that will change your life.

One thing I hate is that they charge for hot tea. It's a random pet peeve, but really bothers me.

I do also recommend the lunch bento boxes, as well as coming during dinner time and ordering special rolls.

It's a great addition to the neighborhood, there's no doubt. Worth a visit if you're walking nearby and don't want any of the other (less than savory) oiptions.
This is honestly my favorite sushi place in Philly. Every time I go there the fish slices are always fresh not to mention the service is on point. I would go for the lunch special that ends at 3:00 if you want something nice, cheap, and filling. But this time I went for dinner and got their specialty rolls: the Marriott roll and the pink lady roll. Both were superb and got me completely stuffed!
Service was good and the fish was fresh. Prices were as expected. Would have given it more stars if it didn't smell so funny in there when you first walked in. Took a few minutes to get used to. Definitely run by Chinese since their tea was not green and was too fragrant and their side of white rice was not sticky. Are there no authentic Japanese restaurants anymore? It's also called Kabuki.
Food is okay. Typical Americanized sushi. Service is slow and it's a very small place. Ordered the teriyaki chicken lunch special. Chicken was dry and overcooked, they had plates of raw fish sitting on the counter instead of inside the refrigeration unit. Not very good knife techniques--they were serving bloodlines and gristle along with the prime fillets on several plates I saw around me. The redeeming thing is this is fairly healthy food and at $10.95 for 3 rolls its a decent option for lunch compared to Chilis or the fried stuff at Reading Market.
First time here. Overall, a pretty solid experience: Sushi was pretty tasty-good quality and fair pricing. Great location in regards to transit. Our server was very nice, friendly and quick! Ended up getting bubble tea after dinner, which unfortunately wasn't nearly as good as the sushi. All the bubbles we're stuck together and tea was almost sickeningly sweet-do not suggest. Would go back for another quick sushi eats, though!
I LOVED the possibility of ordering via yelp/eat24 and just pick up the food after 15ish minutes. I had to restrain myself not to order pretty much everything, but still ended up with twice the amount I could eat... well, it'll make a nice breakfast tomorrow.

The softshell crab tempura was really, really nice. That it contained zucchini/sweet potatoe/broccoli/onion tempura as well was a nice surprise. Esp the onion tempura as I've been looking yearningly at onion rings at burger places. We don't have these *huge* onion rings in Sweden, so guess that makes them even more desirable. (And yeah, tempura and onion rings are not the same, but close enough for me).

The sweet potatoe roll was rather boring though, but the seafood gyoza was great. All in all, it was a perfect take out, but I wish I'd had dinner at the restaurant as it looked really nice, and some of the sushi brought out to the guests... oh my, it made my mouth water.

Edit 20141210: Note to self; Mikaela, do not - I repeat, do NOT - save tempura for breakfast. No, it won't taste good even if you have a huge hangover.
Convenient to the Convention Center (1 block walk) and downtown Center City, as well as Chinatown.  We enjoyed the Chirashi Sushi platter, peanut avocado roll, tuna roll, and eel avocado roll.  Bubble tea was also yummy.  For appetizers, the edamame and seaweed salad hit the spot.  We didn't try any of the specialty rolls but might next time.  Food arrived quickly.  Very filling.  Fish was very fresh.  I only hope they start carrying ume or ume shiso to make my favorite roll!
Pretty decent place to get sushi in the neighborhood. Their regular rolls are good: spicy tuna, sweet potato, and their avocado and peanut rolls.  If you find yourself here, try their Godzilla and Crazy Friday roll. I've tried some of their appetizers as well--their vegetable tempura and calamari was just okay. I'm a little curious about their sushi pizza appetizer. Will try that next time I'm in.

It's a very small place so sometimes I'm shocked at how long it takes to get our food. They are also BYOB, which is a plus. Overall, there's not much to complain about this place. They have decent prices and decent food.
This was a half a block from the Marriott where I was staying, it's a small neat place.  I opted for take out which I ordered online. I had a bento box which was well prepared and nicely presented in a takeout container.  The staff was very nice and attentive.   Great choice if you are staying near the convention center.
