BF and I were looking to try a new sushi place and ventured over here on a Saturday night. My guess is that maybe this place is a more popular weekday lunch/any day take-out, because it was pretty much empty when we got there, but people kept stopping in to pick up.

At first, the lack of other patrons concerned me, but these concerns quickly vanished when we got our meal. We shared the 3 roll special(salmon roll, shrimp tempura, and philly roll) and 2 of the specialty rolls (white tiger and rainbow roll). I love a good rainbow roll and Kai was no exception! BF and I devoured our meals and were really satisfied with every bite.

We also thought the service, pricing, and decor were all great as well!
It's official: Kai is our official go-to for the three roll combo. The combo is on their menu for lunch or dinner, which is great, and there are quite a few choices so you can mix it up each time. The combo comes with soup or salad and the ingredients are always very fresh. A winner for weeknight sushi delivery!
I've ordered delivery from Kai twice now. It's not one of my go-to sushi spots but it may become one; my husband and I were very pleased with our dinner. We ordered through UberEats, and my only complaint is that the menu on that platform isn't very descriptive. The ingredients for each roll weren't exactly clear based on name alone, so I played it very safe and went with a tuna roll, spicy california roll and spicy tuna roll. My husband opted for a spicy tuna roll, salmon avocado roll and also the spicy crunch roll, which turned out to be tuna. The three roll option is $14.95, which I thought was pretty reasonable for dinner. 

Everything arrived within the promised delivery time and the rolls were fresh and tasted great. I paid $2 extra for wasabi because it wasn't clear whether it came with the three rolls already. Of course, we ended up with wasabi in the container and on the side, so save yourself the extra cash and don't order extra unless you want double the amount. Otherwise, very solid option for delivery sushi!
I was in the mood for a fast flavorful lunch to ease my busy work day. I went to this very cute little Japanese place to get a takeout express lunch box, and it was so damn good. A lunch bento chicken Katsu was just what i needed to boost my mood. 

My bento consists of steamed rice, crunchy and delicious Japanese-style fried chicken cutlet, 4 piece california roll: my favorite, steamed vegi dumpling and a side of green salad with ginger dressing.  Everything taste mmm-mmm good. Winner lunch!!

Five Yelps!
I was a big fan of this place! It's cheap for great rolls ($10 for most specialty rolls), it's byo, and the service was great. It's small but decorated in a calm welcoming manner. We were a party of 10 and they were so accomodating to our rowdy bunch. They even gave us free edamame to start and split all our checks without asking. 

They had pretty different types of rolls with lime or crunchy pearls, many types of wraps besides seaweed. Thought they had some really cool ones going that were much cheaper than other special places like this. Our rainbow roll came with a very generous amount of fish, we got a delicious pyramid shaped roll, their special of the day that had pulled crab, tempura, and eel on top was so tasty. Even their spicy tuna from the regular sushi menu got fancified with the crunchy pearls which ended up being our favorite.

Will definitely be back here soon.
Four stars? You've gotta be kidding.

While the interior of Kai is bright and clean, and the service was swell, the sushi was, well, sad.

My yellowtail roll was fishy (!), my seared tuna roll was smoky (?), Zack's pork belly app was not actually pork belly (it was just...pork?), the veggie dumplings were soft and wet with flecks of red bell pepper (?) and the worst part of all- too much mushy, unseasoned rice on all rolls.

I would not recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys high quality Japanese food.
This spot used to be Tea Talk 2, which was pretty dead (that could be an understatement). Now it's Kai Japanese Cuisine, a huge upgrade!

I've been anticipating their opening for almost 2 months now, and Kai was well worth the wait. This place is small, not unexpected though for the location. But small as in there's a sushi bar and all the tables only seat 2 except for one that seats 4. I guess it's good for dates. 

We started off with the salmon tartare ($8). It was definitely worth more than the usual $5 for what, 2 pieces of sashimi? It was a pretty sizable pile of raw salmon on thinly sliced cucumbers topped with avocado pieces, scallions, and ponzu sauce. Definitely get it. There's also a tuna tartare option. 

We went with the White Tiger and Spider rolls. Each roll was 8 pieces, $10 each which I think is a good price for special rolls. The spider roll is pretty standard: soft shell crab, cucumber, etc. The White Tiger contained spicy tuna, cucumber, masago, and was topped with a generous amount of white tuna. Super tasty. 

I ordered a chicken katsu bowl ($12) for my little brother. When it came out, they didn't bring any miso soup or salad like the menu said it comes with. But it was whatever, I wouldn't have had room for it anyway (brother didn't even finish this dish so I gratefully ate it). The chicken was perfectly crispy and delicious!

Surprisingly, only an appetizer, 2 rolls, and a chicken katsu was enough to fill us! Everything was extremely fresh and tasty! The menu isn't as extensive as most sushi places, but I don't mind that really.

The service is good, although it's nothing particularly exceptional or memorable. 

This week they're doing a grand opening special: 25% off your entire meal! My friend and I only had to pay $20 each, including tips! I've been looking for a sushi spot in Philly and I think I've found it!
Came here with a groupon and my boyfriend and we were pumped for some delicious sushi and Kai definitely delivered. 

It's BYOB for starters so we brought ourselves a couple beers (or you know, 10) to get things going. Ordered miso soup as an appetizer and it was probably the tastiest miso soup I've had in all of philadelphia. It was so flavorful, but not salty. And the seaweed was also really good. Slimy, yet satisfying. 

For sushi, we got the rainbow, pyramid and spicy tuna roll. All were really great with very fresh fish. I usually get sick of sushi after a while but here, it was easy for me to keep going. The spicy tuna roll was my favorite for sure!! Be warned, their crunchy is not your typical crumbled tempura batter, but it's more like small rice things. My boyfriend wasn't a fan, but I loved the texture of it. A nice break from the fish texture. Like eating Rice Krispies on sushi, but you know, it's not cereal. 

We also got ice cream for dessert which was vanilla, green tea, and red bean. I love green tea ice cream, but the red bean blew me away!! Sweet, but not too much. Really tasty meal and dessert!

Our service was also excellent! Will return again and perhaps try those specials they had lined up :)
Japanese food in America is very difficult. You're forced to pay premium dollars for either poor to mediocre quality food, whereas in Japan you can essentially walk into anyplace and find something better for a few dollars. Yes, I am heartbroken every time I spend $20 on something that I could have gotten for $2 in Tokyo, made worse by the fact that the Tokyo option tastes 100 times better. Additionally, the sushi in America is nothing like it is in Japan and is hardly worth eating, and one of my favorite dishes, unagi, really puts me in crisis mode due to the poor quality in the States. Again, too expensive for such poor quality.

I feel a bit differently about Kai. I haven't ordered any of the sushi here except for the vegetable roll and futomaki, which I found okay and at least better than several other places in the city. However, I have had their katsu bento box, their tempura udon, unagidon, their yakisoba, and their yakiudon. Now, their katsu isn't great, but it isn't bad either. the dinner bento is a huge portion that can be shared by two, so the price doesn't sting as much. The tempura is tasty and a good variety, although I really find the rice to be lacking in skillful preparation. It also comes with california roll which are okay, but I wouldn't bother ordering them separately. 

The real reason I like Kai better than their competitors is for their tempura udon, which features a rather tasty broth alongside the solid (and plentiful) tempura and well-cooked udon. Also in the soup we get shiitake, fish cakes, broccoli, bitter greens, and aburaage, which I found to be a nice, unexpected touch. Overall, it makes for a very filling and satisfying dish for a $12 price tag which is not too tough to swallow. 

Additionally, their yakisoba and yakiudon aren't bad, but are definitely not worth the price. The reason why I continue to order them--with the yakiudon being the better of the two in my opinion--is that the shrimp option is exquisite. The shrimp is big and juicy, nicely lightly fried, done neither like shrimp tempura or ebi furai. The sauce isn't the most inspiring I've ever had, but it is okay. To tell you the truth, I crave this shrimp nearly everyday. 

Finally, the first time I had Kai I ordered the Unagidon. Surprisingly, the unagi was larger and meatier than any other place that I've tried in Philadelphia. Even more surprising is that it was cheaper than a lot of other places as well. The rice here was a fair bit better than what is in the katsu box. I would definitely order again, although one could go buy and cook your own kabayaki eel fillet from H-Mart for much cheaper and call it a day. 

They are fast in their delivery as well and their prices make it so you can usually get free edamame out of it, if not some gyoza, which are pretty solid as well.  So, nothing here is really even close to how good the food is in Japan, and dare I say one could probably make better dishes themselves if they put their mind to it. Still, if you have no idea about how to cook Japanese food or just do not want to fuss about, I would recommend Kai. In my opinion, it is one of the few restaurants that even come close to satisfying my standard for Japanese food. Thank you Kai!
I have been here twice for lunch and both times, great service and great sushi. 

I partook in the lunch special each time, which is $10 and includes a lot of things. One time I chose two rolls and a salad, the other time I chose one roll and chef's choice sushi, which was a variety of tuna, salmon, yellowtail, and white tuna if I remember correctly, also with a salad. 

Second time I also ordered a pot of green tea which was huge, and really hit the spot in this cold weather. I was seriously full both times after this really affordable lunch special.

I look forward to coming back again soon, trying something new, and bringing friends for dinner! The fish was really fresh, and this is definitely one of my new favorite lunch spots.
A beautiful modern space, cheerful service, and good food, Kai Japanese Cuisine is another hidden gem of a sushi place in east Philly.

The first thing you'll notice walking into Kai Japanese Cuisine is how beautiful the space is - well lit, all new furnishing, with seats built into the floor so you can have that traditional sitting on the ground feel...while sitting in seats. Coupled with the fact that my girlfriend and I were taking advantage of a Groupon, we were very happy just walking inside.

We started our meal with the steamed pork Gyoza. A simple dish, the pork was flavorful inside the perfectly cooked wonton wrappers. For Sushi, we ordered the Rainbow Roll (California roll topped with salmon, tuna, yellowtail, white tuna, striped bass and avocado) and the Tiger Roll (Spicy salmon, cucumber, masago topped with shrimp and avocado). I'm not sure which one I enjoyed more, as they were both solid sushi, well-prepared and flavorful. We ended our meal with the Tempura Ice Cream (Green Tea and Vanilla in a Tempura crust). How they get that crust around that ice cream I'll never know, but it was more than enough for two people and a good way to end the meal.

Overall, we really enjoyed our meal and the overall atmosphere, and even without a Groupon it's definitely worth trying out.
Wow, delicious. The quality of the fish is superb. We got to try a couple classic rolls, sashimi, and udon. All of it was yummy and the fish tasted fresh and not frozen. Not that many special or heated rolls, but that's OK. Tight menu, clean restaurant, and the service is so nice and friendly.
Considering that I was in Philadelphia for a few days, this was one of the spots I decided to have dinner at with people. The restaurant itself I hear is new and they even offered a "grand opening discount" to your check. I had no clue what I was in for, but I came here with four other members of my family preparing for what was ahead of us. Well boy oh boy, Kai Japanese Cuisine definitely left a positive impression on me. 

First of all, have you seen the furniture in this restaurant? Dang, the chair sure was heavy... but if you take notice of the design and its interior, it's fabulous! I looked passed the weight of it for its fine comfortable seat. 


Fasting forward to several months later, this is my second time here (considering that i am from New york). 

I love the concept of being able to see the sushi chefs make my sushi and how my fish is prepared. Their sashimi has yet to come out not fresh -- it's always fresh. I haven't received anything that isn't good. 

Here are some of the dishes that i would recommend for people to order, only because I can vouch for it : Unagi don, eel and cucumber roll, pork belly w/wasabi and soy sauce, and a salmon skin handroll. 

PS their salmon skin handroll is probably the most unique and strangest handroll i have ever tried. 

The wise one would always mention "quality over quantity," and honestly, it's true about this restaurant. They not only have nice chairs, you should see the teapots they use to serve tea. On top of that, the chopsticks aren't the disposable ones. It may be a little pricey, but i'd suggest to give this place a try. Must I mention their B.Y.O.B. policy with no cork fee?
I bought a Groupon for this place a couple of months ago but it was expiring soon so I headed over here last night. The place was super empty on a Thursday night, not that I really cared. The ambience was modern and I loved the decor. Felt like an upscale sushi place.

I ordered an avocado roll and sweet potato roll and both were SO YUMMY! I also ordered a vegetable roll to go. Definitely recommend!
Three stars for now cuz I have yet to try their sushi... So i would definitely be updating this again.

Ordered their Chicken Teriyaki lunch. It comes with a side of soup or salad. The meal also has four pieces of california roll, 2dumplings, rice, and duh, chicken. I have to say it was quite delicious. The teriyaki sauce wasn't too sweet (thank god). The dumplings were good.. For $9 or so, it was a decent size lunch. The staff all seemed friendly. Wish i had my Jefferson ID with me then I would've received a discount! lol.. Gives me more of a reason to return i guess =)
I have mixed feelings with Kai...On one hand, the fish (specifically, the salmon) is fresh and tasty and is perfectly paired with their sushi rice.  The chicken curry don was also a pleasant surprise with nice crispy chicken that was juicy and not dry.  The curry was also pleasantly thick with the right amount of heat.  On the other hand, the service is limited for dining in as the majority of orders are for delivery. And the most annoying part was that the amount of actually curry in our dish was lacking so we asked for extra curry to pair with our rice.  It took about 15 minutes to arrive, and by that time, the chicken katsu was getting cold and soggy. Also, when we received our check, we found out that the extra curry resulted in a $3 surcharge. Now the curry is definitely worth the extra $3, but it's one of those inconveniences that would have been nice to be notified earlier. And if we knew it would take that long for some extra curry to the point that our other food got cold, we would have just passed.

Oh well, at least the groupon deal made it more palatable.  Maybe next time...
I came here during the grand opening weekend and did take out. I ordered grilled squid and okonomiyaki. (I just love squid and seafood in general).. The food tasted fresh and was flavored well. The grilled squid was tender and juicy. 

Waiting for my order, I checked out the interior design felt in love. It is simple, clean with modern touch and a hint of Asia. Too bad the space is small or else it would be even better. This location used to be Tea Talk 2. I am glad something else opened up here. 

Overall, a good experience and would like to come back to dine and try other food on the menu.
I recently went to Philadelphia to attend a conference. I would like to say that Kai is really a hidden gem. I first tried their sashimi set for dinner. All sashimi were very fresh which had the highest quality I have experienced in the country. The sashimi were beautifully presented in a nice plate. The miso soup and salad are very tasty too.

On my last day at Philly, I went back to try their lunch. I took the suggestion from the chef and ordered the tempura udon and sushi. The shrimp tempura is the best I have in my life, the sweet potato tempura is very good, the taro and broccoli tempura tasted a little bland. The udon was excellent. lastly, the sushi is great.

In summary, Kai is a very good Japanese restaurant in Philly and I would definitely come back.
When I was walking around Center City with a solid urge for sushi after realizing that its been a few months since I've had it, I decided to try a newer location that I've been hearing good things about like Fat Salmon or Roe, only to find out that both were closed for the afternoon. With my craving amped up to 11 I hit the trusty Yelp app which led me to Kai and a decent surprise.

Kai is located in one of those locations that I've been unable to figure out throughout the years, That has taken on a hard to count number of Asian inspired restaurants despite being just a couple blocks away from Chinatown and the many similar and oftentimes better options that lie within. Its also a weird location for any restaurant in general given that its within close proximity to a McDonald's, parking garage, church, and all the random Market Street shops that don't exactly point you towards the direction of grabbing Japanese cuisine. But out of the many spots that I've seen come and go at this location, Kai could be the one with the most staying power due to its eclectic sushi menu and well rounded selection of other options.

Since its been so long since I've had sushi at that point I was craving ALL THE FISH! So I was especially drawn to the Dragon Roll that combined spicy tune with shrimp tempura, eel sauce, jalepeno, and spicy mayo; and the Tiger Roll that touted spicy salmon and shrimp with masago, avocado, and cucumber. And while the Tiger did have a bit of a weird presentation, both packed some serious flavors that left me intrigued. Had I have known that that their was a Yelp Deal for a free edamame appetizer with a purchase sooner, I wouldn't have paid for mine (D'oh to bad timing!). But it still delivered the salty soy flavor that you'd expect to come with it.

While you won't find better sushi options in Chinatown, you will still find them within a somewhat close proximity to Kai. But with the inventive special rolls, good lunch deals, and other not so fishy offerings; its still a good spot to dine or do take out at on a casual afternoon.
This is my favorite place for lunch! It's so close to work and has quick service (I only have 30 min for lunch). I always go with the special 3 rolls for $11.75, which is a great deal! The staff is very friendly and attentive. The fish is fresh and delicious!
Second meal here in 24 hours - last nt for dinner my husband and I got delivery and now I'm here for lunch. The food is fresh and  delicious. So far I'm loving there sushi rolls, agedashi tofu and shumai.
Awesome bento box. Huge portion.  All very fresh. Will come back to try the sushi next time. Very very happy to have them close by!
What do I do when I'm craving sushi on a Friday night and don't want to leave my couch after a long night of watching the Birds play? Search on Uber Eats for the best sushi near me...and I couldn't agree more with the rating for Kai Japanese Cuisine. The 3 roll special for $13 is more than enough maki rolls for such a low price, it's hard to beat!! I ordered the 3 roll special with a spicy tuna roll, and salmon roll, and a California roll. As if that already wasn't plenty of food, I also ordered some steamed pork dumplings. Total was under $20 for a meal that could've fed 4 people no joke. Uber Eats had it in my hands in less than 30 minutes and man was it delicious. I ate every last piece of sushi and and every last piece of dumpling. Very impressed with the food and will most certainly be ordering from here again!
I enjoyed the sushi here! I got the three roll combo and also the okonomiyaki fries! The fries was okay! I felt it needed more on top! I forgot to take a picture! The sushi was good and I definitely would get more sushi next time! I had ordered from grubhub!
I almost gave this place 1 star because I'm a sushi snob....but the place was clean and decorated nicely enough. My friend and I ordered the tartare, which looked pretty enough but tasted mediocre. We also ordered 3 sushi rolls, including a philadelphia roll, all of which were subpar and had a strange taste to its rice. 

The good thing was that I had a groupon for the business, which was easy enough to use and made the meal cheap. Our service was also pretty nice; the restaurant was very empty though, so the atmosphere was a bit awkward--just seemed like 3 waiters staring at me and my friend in our corner the whole time!

Looked like a BYO place though, so might be a intimate place to go with friends for some beer and cheap sushi.
Minimalist, crisp decor with friendly service and some of the freshest sushi fish in town. So unbelievably underrated.
Looooved this place! Stopped by for takeout and had the nicest service and the best roll with eel shrimp and lemon! Interesting combo and one of the best rolls I've had.
Service was awesome and I love chicken curry katsu!!! Katsu was so soft and tasty. Highly recommend this place to others
Went here on a Friday night with a friend. Had a Groupon to try this place out. Restaurant was not busy; we were the only party in the restaurant. Service was great. Sushi was fresh and good, but nothing out of this world. Love that this place was byob though.
So here's the thing. My first visit was actually more of a 3 star rating, but I think I just ordered wrong, so it's my own fault.

I had seen the pictures of some marvelous looking roll with crunchy balls on the outside on yelp, and knew that was what I wanted since spicy + crunchy = mouth party. I mistakenly assumed that it was just the regular spicy tuna or salmon roll, but alas, it was not. 

However, my boyfriend and I ordered miso soup, pork gyoza, a spicy tuna roll, a shrimp tempura roll, a special roll called the Samurai roll that had a whole lot of stuff going on in it (don't remember specifics but it was some kind of avocado/spicy/salmon situation), and tempura green tea ice cream. 

The miso soup was very good. Nice and miso-y, just like I like it. The gyoza and shrimp tempura roll were great. Spicy salmon roll was good. The special roll didn't hit it out of the park for me, despite how stuffed with stuff it was. The tempura ice cream... was magical.

I will for sure be back and I will order those crunchy balls next time.

Ps- came with a groupon and only had to pay about 20 dollars extra! Cheap, filling meal.
Excellent sushi, friendly service. We found a parking spot right out front, and in Phila, parking is free in the evening on Wed. and some holidays.
My boyfriend and I decided to GrubHub sushi for delivery on a random Tuesday night and chose Kai without ever hearing about it-  happy to say I was pleasantly surprised!  I ordered a kani salad ($5.95) and the 3 roll special ($13.95- alaskan roll, spicy crunch and yellowtail scallion) and my boyfriend got the Hot Sea special roll ($12.95)  and the yellowtail scallion roll ($5.95). The kani salad was a good portion and very tasty, with avocado pieces as well.  The sushi was high quality, fresh and one of the best takeout sushi meals I have gotten in Philly for sure.  The three roll special was a large portion for a good price.  The Hot Sea roll was amazing.  Definitely will be back!
Went here on a Saturday night on a whim due to a Livingsocial deal. I was surprised to find the place completely empty aside from the hostess/waitress. I loved the decor, I found it very modern and it gave off a pleasant vibe. The sushi was average at best, although I was impressed with the unique flavor and texture of the pumpkin roll.  The service was adequate and the food took a little bit longer than I was expecting considering no one else was there, however the presentation made up for the couple extra minutes we waited. 

All in all, Kai was an average place however I certainly see potential for another star in the future. I'll check back in another few months and see how it's progressing.
97 degrees + 106 degrees real feel = we both wanted something cool for dinner. Nothing cooked please! A quick search led us to Kai, which is just a few short blocks away from our hotels (The Loews and the Marriott). 

The decor is gorgeous and really stood out - it was very sleek and modern. Very clean and crisp lines. Our waitresses were very nice and I love how they use tablets to take orders. 

We both had the sushi dinner set which comes with soup, salad, your choice of maki roll, and 8 pieces of chef's choice sushi. They bring it out in a lacquered platter, which I was a nice touch. Rolls were nicely sized - 8 pieces. The sushi was also very fresh. All in all, a good deal for $20! 

They seem to do a lot of take out, as I saw quite a few people coming in to pick up their orders. 

Highly recommended if you're looking for a sushi spot around the conference center area.
I'm so glad I work so close to this new gem of a sushi place.  A much needed renovation has been revealed with the opening of Kai, right on 10th street across from the Rothman Institute.  I went for lunch with a friend, the service and food were exceptional.  I really loved the twists on classic sushi roll favorites they have to offer, like the crunchy spicy roll! Yum.  I will be back soon, maybe today for the Happy hour specials!
A little place and so it's quite a not many customers in there for lunch on a weekday. So it's cool if you wanna eat in. They do keep busy because they have people coming in and out picking up orders. Food is great! Lunch special is awesome. Great price and great amount of food. Filled me up with less then $15! Lunch combo came with soup or salad which is always a plus! I got eel and it's my favorite! Tasted great! And they also give you a nice piece of candy when you get the check! Great alternative then fortune cookie.
Solid BYOB sushi spot! Consistently good and fresh sushi. Fish is tasty and the rice to fish ratio is perfect. Been here a few times and it hasn't ever disappointed. They also have a decent sized menu for non raw fish lovers.
This place was awesome.    Nurses from Jefferson Chemo treatment center told us to go there.  My daughter was in heaven.  Great price   good food  We had the Bento boxes and sushi rolls.
I came here for dinner because I bought a groupon a couple weeks ago, but it turned out that I was mistaken and I actually had a groupon to a different sushi restaurant. Even so, I think this might be my new favorite sushi place, and I will definitely be back again, groupon or no groupon. I've been looking for good sushi restaurant since I moved to Philadelphia last year and have so far been pretty unimpressed with most of the options in Center City. I think this place might be the first one that I've really liked. The fish is fresh, the rolls are made well, and the prices are fairly decent (about $50 for three specialty rolls and two orders of nigiri). We were here on a Tuesday night, and just about every table was occupied but it was quiet and comfortable. Plus the servers were really nice and attentive. Absolutely recommend, would eat again.
I stopped by here for lunch on a weekday. They have a great selection of lunch deals. I thought Fat Salmon had amazing sushi when I dined in there last week, but Kai was even better in the quality of their sushi. 
Crunchy spicy salmon wasn't as spicy as I expected, but still was very great, with enough fresh salmon in each piece of rolls unlike the ones from some other sushi restaurants. Crunchy bits were a little strange in appearance and taste, but not in a bad way. 
4 pieces of the chef's choice nigiri were purely amazing. Sashimi tasted so fresh, rice so warm with perfect amount and texture. Miso soup was great as well-- not too salty or dense. Service was excellent. Great place to have a quick, great quality sushi for lunch by yourself or with friends.
Very impressed! Walked passed Kai and stopped in because the yelp reviews were so good. And they were right!! I love how everything on the menu shows a photo, it made it much easier to choose what food I wanted. We got one raw tuna appetizer and three rolls. (See photos). Everything was delicious and it came out quick. The best part about it is the prices which I thought were extremely well priced for the great quality sushi and serving sizes you got. If I'm ever in this neighborhood again I will definitely come back to eat here! Delicious food , great atmosphere, fast service, and great prices!
I came here with a friend a weekday afternoon and it was completely empty so I was scared that the food was not going to be very good. Luckily I was wrong. I ordered the salmon avocado and shrimp tempura and both rolls were delicious. The space is super clean, open and comfortable. I noticed that there were lots of pick up orders so this restaurant does get a lot of business. Highly recommend coming here to get your Japanese Food fix!
One of the best priced sushi places in the city, and the quality is amazing! Great handcrafted rolls-complex and interesting, but they also have some of the best basic sushi rolls around! Friendly staff and super clean environment. Will be a regular from now on
I ordered take out tonight, it was ready in 10 minutes so I was very suspicious! Perhaps they just weren't busy tonight because the sushi was very good, fresh and tasty. Except for the octopus which was like rubber, I actually could not even chew it so I had to throw it out. If it weren't for the octopus I would give this place five stars, I would definitely buy sushi from here again.
I love to pick up sushi from here.  Currently they are doing take out and no eat in.  I usually order udon noodle soup for my kids and I get sushi from there.  Everything on the menu is good and fresh.   The customer service is excellent and it is right on the corner of 10th and market st.  There is a temporary parking spot right outside.  I love this place!
This is my go to sushi place.  The service is fast, their lunch specials are a great deal for the price, and the food is fresh. 

I generally get a roll combo for lunch, my go-tos are always an Alaskan Roll and a Tuna Avocado roll. It comes with a miso soup or a green salad, I've had both depending on my mood or the weather.  They also have a good teriyaki bento box that is super filling for a lunch portion.  They oddly took off all teriyaki entrees from their menu for about a year and then all of a sudden they were back. 

I have been here for lunch with a friend or two, but I actually come by myself more often than not.  It's a quiet spot with good food that is nice for when you need to get away from the office for a little bit.
Ordered on Ubereats. Okay food but the matcha cheesecake was 7$ for a tislice that is literally only 3 inches long. I attached a picture compared to a Coke can for reference.
I have lived 1 block away from this place for a year and finally got in to check them out during COVID 19, and so glad we did!

Ordering on the phone was easy. Minimal contact when you pick up your takeout. Everything was packaged nicely and of all the Japanese take out we've had, this was the warmest/most freshly cooked stuff we've had. Everything was just delicious! Had the avocado salad which came with the usual ginger sauce but there was something extra in it that just made it unique and delicious. The pork gyoza were so crispy! Even the edamame had just the perfect amount of salt on them and were nice and warm. Had two special sushi rolls as entrees both of which were excellent. Although honestly...the appetizers were my favorite part of the meal. Also got matcha boba tea which was good too.

Only complaint is that the special sushi rolls were in VERY large pieces that either would completely fall apart if you took a bite out of them or were too large to put in your mouth at one time.  

Glad to finally check this place out as it was some of the best sushi/Japanese takeout we've had during the pandemic. Check them out for sure!
We stopped in quickly to grab a boba before leaving Philly and MAN am I glad that we did. We got a taro and a coconut, and both were simply fantastic. The taro tasted like fruity pebbles and the coconut was so silky smooth and perfectly sweet. If you find yourself wanting a boba, this is a great place to go.
