I'll tell why I am not awarding a 5 star review. THE NOISE. THE DIN.

First, by all means-make a reservation and eat here. Do it repeatedly. Do not, however, plan an intimate evening with a loved one, a business dinner or any other type of dining occasion that necessitates ongoing conversation that all parties can actually hear. This is a very small, narrow, converted row house that seats maybe 30 people. The poor acoustics will make you want to get take out, but eat in, eat fast (just kidding) and order enough so you'll have leftovers for the quiet of your home.

Of course, the food is so delicious and delightful, once you start, you don't want to eat fast. You want to savor every mouthful, every morsel and then lick the serving vessel along with your utensils.

I was here with a group. We had a special tasting menu though all the dishes we ate are all on the regular menu. This is not Thai food that has been neutered, de-spiced and bastardized for the American palate. This is the real deal. You will not be asked how spicy you want your food and some of your food will be spicy. Since this is a byob, throw a pint of milk in with that bottle of rose'.

The meal began with what I'd call an amuse-bouche plate. A tiny triangle of water melon coated in cashew and shallot dust, a purple tapioca dumpling resting on a cucumber slice and a cube of pineapple garnished with I don't know what that was amazing. 

Then came:

Tod Mun Pla-fried fish cakes with long bean, kaffir leaf, peanuts and cucumber accompanied by a sweet chili sauce that had subtle, insidious heat. It made me sweat and made me laugh because I was sweating. The fish cakes were laced with mild chili as well.

Mom's Khao Yum Kamin-southern Thai rice salad with toasted coconut, dried shrimp, chili flakes, seasonal vegetables, and fermented fish, topped with a caramelized palm sugar dressing. Funk! Delicious, salty, fishy, well textured funk. The first mouthful made me wrinkle my nose and think "Huh?" and after that I had to force myself to eat the rest of this slowly and in a civilized way because it was so damn good, I just wanted to abandon manners and shovel it in. 

Kang Gai Khao Mun-chicken curry with cilantro, pandan, and coconut rice. Sounds mundane. I tend to not usually order Thai curries. They are watery and oily, too peanutty or laced with way too much coconut cream, and the meat in them is always weird. They are off putting and a waste of stomach space. This though. This was amazing, rich, nuanced and the rice it was paired with elevated it to a grand symphony. If I could only ever have one dish at Kalaya, it would be these 2 things on my plate. 

Pad Ma Kua Yao Tao Jieow-stir-fried eggplant with salted soybean, miso, thai basi, and long hots and another dish of wok fried, slightly charred, Napa cabbage. Yep. Vegetables. *yawn* The cabbage looked like nothing. No garnish, nothing other than it's paley verdant, vegetal self on the plate. After our first helping, the fellow sitting next to me and I were vying with each other to get every piece and every drop of the cooking juices, too. Garlic and fish sauce. Folks were scraping the serving dishes dry. I have never had vegetables the likes of these. 

I did not want to stop eating. 

The meal ended with sticky rice and sliced mango. It was a perfect ending. The mango was soft, sweet and lacking that turpentine tang many mangoes have. The rice was touched with a bit of saltiness that made this ubiquitous dessert greater than the sum of its parts. 

Service was fast and courteous. The decor here is colorful and modern. Pleasing to the eye. Not hackneyed. 

As I said at the start, my only complaint had nothing to do with the food. Go. Go with noise cancelling head phones. Go with ear plugs and a kerchief around your brow or your neck because the spice will make you sweat. Go alone and don't worry about hearing your thoughts. Or rather not hearing them. Go prepared for some exquisite, extraordinary Thai food. 

JUST GO!
My family can be hard to please, if they're coming all the way from the burbs, the food better be good, and not too expensive, and not too spicy, but some spicy, and BYOB, and not too trendy, or too loud, and also probably should be Asian. Happy to report they loved Kalaya Thai Kitchen and my dad even said he'd come back!

For 5 people we ordered:
-Laab Ped- ground duck with delicious spices and herbs and lettuce if you want to make wraps. This was xxx level spicy and it was pretty spicy for me, and I consider myself to have a decent spice threshold.  
-Yum Nua Ma Kua Poa- true to its name this beef salad was YUMMY. Highly recommend this dish. There's no iceberg in this salad, so if that's what you're use to, lettuce warn you that you won't find that here.
-Sakoo Sai Hed- purple tapioca dumplings with mushroom and peanut filling. These were good but not our favorite, there wasn't much filling inside.
-Kang Gai Khao Moon- this chicken curry was AMAZING.
-Pla Nung Manao- Whole steamed branzino- this took a long time to prepare, but it was worth the wait! They bring it out on a beautiful fish shaped plate and filet it tableside (so no need to worry if you are leery of the fish head). It was delicious and fresh.
-Pad Ma Kua Yao Tao Jieow- eggplant with thai basil and long hots- delicious. They even sent out an extra one because the fish took a long time to cook, much appreciated!
- Coconut and Jasmine rice (they also have sticky rice).
-Dulce de leche cheesecake with figs - didn't seem very thai but it was delicious. They also had coconut panna cotta, but we wished they had more thai desserts like mango sticky rice.

A few things to note: 
-Similar to my policy with dating, you will not find any noods here. No, not even drunken noods, no pad thai, no pad siew. So if that's your go-to menu section, you're going to have to curry favor with another part of the menu or go fishing around somewhere else. 
-Spice levels- they will not adjust the spice level for you, so if you can't take the heat, get out of Kalaya Thai Kitchen! 
-Don't forget to BYOB! They also have Thai Tea.
-The portions are small. This is great because you can get more things! But just be warned so you don't underorder. We probably could have ordered more and had leftovers or just been more full because it was so delicious.
-Appetizers and salads range in price from about $12-20, mains are $17-28, vegetable sides around $10. Dishes are family style and don't all come out at once so, as Barney taught us, share.

Highly recommend if you are into authentic Thai food. I can't wait to come back and try more dishes!
Wow, not only is their food phenomenally authentic, but the chef/owner Nok is also an incredible human. I have been meaning to use a gift card I purchased here last year to support her Phamily meal, which originated as an idea to help feed industry workers struggling with covid-related things but ended up serving anyone who needed a hot meal. Her efforts combined the strength of other local restaurants to pool food donations to feed our city. 

We got seafood everything, and I was so pumped about the fish cakes because I fell in love with them in SE last year. We also don't know how to read and got 2 side noodle things for a different entree than we ended up ordering, but it worked out great! We loved the crunchy cut up green beans that went well with the very generous portions of a variety of seafood and sauces. This place is a MUST.
If you want Americanized pad Thai and drunken noodles, look elsewhere...this is not the place for that. 

However, if you want a taste of real Thai food like you might eat it in Thailand, you are in luck.

I highly recommend the latter perspective, as real Thai food has so much to offer! 

In Philadelphia it is very hard to find an authentic taste of Thailand and I was extremely pleased to have come to this establishment which offers just that. I crave the flavors that I miss so much from my travels in Thailand and have had a hard time finding an establishment that creates an experience to bring me back.

You will find a small and carefully crafted menu of dishes made with love from the chefs memory growing up and living in southern Thailand. We sampled a few and will be back to try more. 

To start, we had one of the days specials, som tum (green papaya salad). They asked how spicy and we both said "spicy" and they delivered.  We got the fire we asked for.  This was "Thai spicy". Good flavor as well and a nice little basket of sticky rice to compliment. 

We had the pla thod kamun (wok fried monkfish) which was very good. Nicely kissed with just enough turmeric, garlic, and pepper to flavor well but not overpower the fish. Perfectly seared and delicious. 

We also had the kua kling nua ( spicy minced beef) which was excellently flavored. A nice dose of shredded kaffir lime leaf, basil, lemongrass, sliced long hots, and chili's in a binding oil. We hadn't had this before. It was somewhat reminiscent of prahok katih that you might find at a Cambodian joint but more Thai flavored. A great sign of the freshness of ingredients was the clean and unbrined fresh green peppercorns throughout the dish.

The beef was served with a delicious bowl of rice. Sweet and flecked with blended green herb and coconut. The sweetness balanced the spiciness of the beef perfectly and was good enough that we had to ask for a second bowl. 

Service was good and we had the added pleasure of the chef stopping by to not only check on us, but entertain some questions about her origin and motivations, and share some of her story with us. Very nice woman. She has done a good job of bringing some of her favorite tastes from Trang and Nakhon Si Thammarat in the south of Thailand to Philadelphia. Kudos to her for bringing the real thing! Nok has honored her mother with the memory of great food from her childhood and fulfilled the promise on her website that "Each visit is like spending time with a good friend".

Portions are not huge, and prices are a little higher than the regular Thai place, but well worth it for an elevated culinary experience. I'll gladly pay a little extra for freshly made food, which was clearly prepared with love. We'll most certainly be back.
This restaurant officially received the highest praise from my Thai friend: "I think I'll bring my dad here for dinner."

Must get: main fish dish, sauteed cabbage, purple dumplings
Meh: mango sticky rice, eggplant, papaya salad, chicken wings, raw shrimp salad
Missed out: everything else

Kalaya is by far one of the best Thai restaurants I've had in recent years that I just can't seem to stop thinking about. This restaurant opened just a few months ago, and it is already selling out, fortunately, the owners said the same food is served lunch and dinner. My only caveat for this place is that due to its notoriety, it is very well-attended and thus can be very loud and cramped. The staff does a great job in communicating with you throughout your entire experience and the main chef even came out multiple times just to say hi and mingle, adding to the wonderful experience.

In terms of must gets, you have to get the fish dish, it is an entire fish (head, eyes and all) and is fantastic. It's spicy, flavorful, fresh, and burns in all of the good ways. We tried almost one of everything and truth be told, they should all be experimented with as each dish offers a different perspective from the chef's childhood and culinary experience. Of the other dishes, the cabbage is such a wonderful, simple dish that was just done perfectly, with the innate sweetness of the vegetable that was accentuated with the oil and spices. The eggplant, papaya and shrimp salad were spicy, but a bit too salty for my taste. The fried chicken wings was decent, but dry and tough. The chicken dish was nice but not really memorable.

As for the dessert, I really liked custardy dessert, but felt the mango sticky rice to be just a little bit too tough and sweet. However, that is a personal opinion, not shared by the rest of the diners. 

Food: 5 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
Price: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
My husband and I came by for lunch one late Sunday afternoon, and after browsing the menu, we decided to share the pot of Tom Yum Goong. At $38, the pot of soup comes with 3 river prawns, a good amount of barramundi pieces, and lots of mushrooms. Kalaya is no doubt authentic, but we were expecting a thicker, milkier, more concentrated Tom Yum Goong like what we had in Phuket. While the broth was slightly watery, and boasts a spicy level of 3 out of 4 X's, it was still very delicious. The spice level was mild and manageable, which is what I prefer anyway. The Thai iced tea my husband had was good as well. Even though it was late in the afternoon, people were still making their way into the restaurant. It seems like the two most popular dishes were the Tom Yum Goong and the steamed branzino as that's what many people eating at the restaurant were ordering. Kalaya was cool even though there is no pad thai or drunken noodles here (and it's not a bad thing), as it gives you an opportunity to try many other delicious, authentic Thai dishes you might not normally try.
well, the bad news is I now dream about Kalaya and the thoughts of their food make my mouth water on command. the good news is that, well, their food is unreal.

after honeymooning in thailand I was uncertain I would ever get the full flavors of authentic thai cooking again but I stand corrected. Friends of ours, who have also been to thailand, asked us to join them here since they know our love of thai food and we proceeded to have one of the best meals in recent history!! not only was their food amazing but their staff was also excellent and they took covid precautions very seriously. now onto the good stuff...

if you're ordering with a group, ordering a "taste of Kalaya" is the way to go- they are basically different samplers comprised of menu items you can also order a la carte but you get your best bang for your buck with a sampler. They typically include a curry, a stir-fry dish and a side. On our first trip, a group of 4 of us ordered the following:
1. Ghai Tod Hat-Yai which are fried chicken drumsticks and easily one of the best items on the menu. This is probably the most 'american' menu item so if you're with someone who is new to thai, these are a great starter. note, the skin is a little spicy so if you are sensitive, be mindful, although I would still consider these to be mild.
2. Sakoo Moo - dumplings with pork/peanut. These were great but not the most memorable of all our dishes.
3. Khao Tung - rice cakes with a peanut dipping sauce. Our friends had tried these previously and thought them to be a little boring (definitely very mild, not spicy at all) but I REALLY enjoyed this dish. I thought the flavors were interesting and there was a depth to the peanut sauce I wasn't expecting- like when there are ingredients in the dish you just can't place your finger on!
4. Kua King Plate - this is a sampler that includes the Kua Kling Nua curry, Ghai Pad King, and Hed Pad Kra Tiem (stir fried mushrooms). The Kua Kling Nua is, according to the owner, the spiciest dish on the menu and let me warn you, it is HOT. If you are familiar with 'thai hot,' this dish is thai hot and then some. As someone who LOVES spicy food, this dish was hot even for me but I still was able to enjoy it, especially over rice. The Ghai Pad King is another great intro dish for anyone who is new to thai food- the chicken was tender and delicious and this is one that I would order over and over again. 
5. Moo Hong - this is braised pork belly which was also phenomenal although not my absolute favorite of the night.
6. Khao Pad Pu - crab fried rice. note that this portion is HUGE. and there is a lot of crab meat, hence the price tag. This is another excellent 'intro to thai' option. 

note: we ordered a LOT of food for 4 people here. You definitely don't need that much and note that it can get very pricey. 

my husband and I love Kalaya so much that a few weeks after our first trip here, we ordered takeout since we had been craving it so much. We had another excellent and I have to note ONE more item that was standout to me: the Khao Soi Ghai. Holy cow, this dish is SO full of flavors, it is so complex and interesting, I felt like every bite was different... you have noodles, you have crispy noodles, you have chicken, you have pickled greens, you have shallot, you have lime, and then you have the broth and it's just... wow. 

this is long but basically, this is a must try.
OMG... this place is sooooo good. I found this place through eater and my friend and I visited for dinner. They do not serve alcohol but it is byob. There is a dibruno brothers a block away so grab a bottle of wine beforehand!

The pork belly was the stand out!! We also got a chicken curry and it was so good.

I dream about this place. It's so flavorful and the service is superb. Taste authentic like your mom would've made it.

I will definitely make a trip to philly to go here again.
Great Thai!

My best impression of Kalaya Thai was after I had leftovers from my meal the next day.  The one thing I didn't sample the night of my first visit was the coconut rice.  I had requested a side order of coconut rice to accompany some leftover curry and it might have been the best coconut rice I've ever had.  This coconut rice is worthy of being a main dish.  Before your first bite, this coconut rice hits your sense of smell because it is soo coconutly and garlicky fragrant.  I'm not exactly sure what else is in this side dish but there were cloves of roasted garlic and nuttiness of the coconut was sooo evident.  I tried it again a few nights later and it is indeed a main attraction.  I've never had a coconut rice like this before.

The Shrimp Ceviche was deceptively spicy.  These was also some fresh garlic slices but wow it was jalapeño spicy.  The raw shrimp was decidedly crisp, fresh and tasty.  The bitter melon and cabbage did very little to sooothe my flaming taste buds from the red hot Thai Chili.  Que the Thai Iced Tea for this dish's arrival.

The Crab Curry with Rice Vermicelli included cucumbers, long beans and cabbage.  This dish was really great.  I was told this was leaving the menu so it was a good choice for my first visit.  I had some leftover crab Curry after I finished my noodles which I deliciously paired with a bowl of coconut rice the next day.

On another night after a new menu was introduced I was able to try a delicately Steamed Bronzino.  The Bronzino was beautifully plated and delivered to the table in a fish outlined plate on top of a heat source.  As a bonus, the very personable and smiley head chef Nok, came out at the same moment that I was snapping a picture and jumped right into the picture!  As a final step, she also deboned my fish for me!  Great Service!  As for the fish, the seafood broth it was steamed in was very pleasant and slightly acidic.  The flesh cooked perfectly and a great match with the fragrant coconut rice.

The service, including the Head Chef, was really personable and polished as she made her way around the dining room visiting each table.  I'll definitely be back for sure, with an eye for that coconut rice, already on my mind.
We've been going to Kalaya at least once-a-week since they opened, and don't foresee that changing until they get too popular to fit us in! So, in short, we clearly LOVE Kalaya! If you really insist on knowing why, feel free to continue...

In many ways, Kalaya is the antithesis of what we've come to think of in a Thai restaurant in the US. Everywhere we've lived or traveled, there was always something comforting in knowing that we could lookup any Thai restaurant and order our go-to Pad Thai, Pad See Ew, Pad Kee Mao, etc. Noodle dishes that we'd use to compare one place to another. Despite being adventurous eaters, we were complacent, and we knew this. When we saw Kalaya opening, with authentic family recipes on the menu, we couldn't wait to be forced outside of our comfort zone. It was time for a fresh view on a cuisine that we had always enjoyed, but clearly didn't really KNOW. Now, after many visits, Kalaya has definitely set a new standard for our expectations of Thai restaurants.

I'm not going to dive into individual dishes, but having literally tried every dish on every iteration of their menu (and a few others that didn't make the cut), I honestly believe that you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. They're authentic recipes, but there's nothing outrageous (especially now that the durian dessert is gone!). Dishes are adventurous in comparison to run-of-the-mill Thai restaurants you may be used to (one noodle dish, and it's NOT Pad Thai), but the ingredients here aren't intimidating. I sincerely believe you could blindly pick a dish and be pretty happy. No menu bats 1000, but Kalaya gets pretty close, and is designed to suit nearly every palate and diet. There are vegan-friendly dishes, vegetarian dishes, and a few dishes that can be modified, but generally, the dishes are what they are. Heat levels are typically defined by the dish, not by your preference or tolerance, so when it says "4 peppers", heed the warning, but embrace it, because nothing is too hot to overcome the delicious flavors. My wife usually doesn't do spicy, but she doesn't hesitate to order their spiciest dishes (even if she's sweating while simultaneous nodding in approval!). 

In speaking with the owners, Nok & My-Le, you'll realize the amount of effort that goes into the dishes. They're not taking shortcuts. They've 86'd dishes that were wonderful, but simply couldn't be executed with the appropriate level of quality and/or attention. The menu isn't massive, which allows their staff to really nail the dishes they do offer. Curries made from scratch, a focus on freshness, etc. We've been there so many times, and consistency has been one of their most impressive feats. The thoughtful curation of the menu is one of those reasons, but the wonderful staff, and the passion and watchful eye of the owners are the other!

Speaking of the staff. Chef Nok and My-Le, are always checking in and seeking honest feedback on dishes and experience. They're incredibly approachable and open to any suggestions, so don't hesitate to provide honest feedback in-person before blasting them on here! If there's a lull in the dining room, Nok will happily tell you all about dishes, the stories behind them, how they're made, etc. It's wonderful to hear about these things from someone so passionate about her food and her family's recipes! The rest of the staff are wonderful, as well. Familiar faces with impressively-little turnover. We're impressed at how friendly everyone has always been from day one. In a small dining area that can quickly become INSANE, the staff has never changed their positive attitude (at least in our experiences)!

As mentioned, atmosphere can be insane at peak times. It's a small space, and once the dining room is full, it'll get really loud and you'll be pretty cozy with the tables around you. For this reason, it's probably not an ideal spot for a serious date night, but it's a great, lively atmosphere for a casual dinner.

Overall, if you've read this far, it's obvious that we're a bit infatuated with Kalaya, and for good reason. The people behind the business are wonderful, the staff is friendly, and the food is undeniably delicious. These factors seem to have taken Kalaya from what could've been a local hidden gem into a deservingly-popular destination spot in a very short amount of time. As long as staff never lose their "hidden gem" charm and the food continues to stay true to Nok's vision & quality standards, we will shamelessly continue walking out saying, "see you next week!" Yes. It's that good!
This is the most unique Thai dining experience you can find in Philadelphia and if you don't mind paying for it I highly recommend. This is just slightly overpriced but it's really good quality food so I didn't mind paying. I would consider this a special once in a while spot to go, not a regular spot. It was about $110 for a small appetizer, two main dishes, one dessert plus tip. We drank water so expect more of you get drinks. 

The flavors were great! I especially recommend the flower shaped dumplings pictured here! What a unique experience!
 Loved the meal and I hope people will support them through Covid! They are doing a great job!!
Simply amazing. This restaurant has been on my radar. I had to work down in South Philly and knew I had to make a reservation at Kalaya. This is not your average Thai restaurant. You won't find anything remotely close to pad thai on the menu. Only the most authentic of dishes and ingredients. If you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen! The food is spicy. But I love heat so it was right up my alley. 
I ordered the crab curry. Effin AMAZING. The best curry I've ever had. It was perfectly balanced and there was ample crab. The coconut rice was also the best I've ever had. Very fragrant and garlicky. There was a roasted clove in the rice and it was delicious. The mango sticky rice was also the perfect ending to the meal. Refreshing, salty, sweet. A harmonious balance.
The staff is accommodating and so friendly. The chef came out multiple times to chat and see how I was enjoying the food.
A true gem in the heart of South Philly. I will be back!!!
The review is for the mango sticky rice. I follow this restaurant on Instagram. As soon as I saw its post about this dessert, I immediately ordered online for delivery. 

Food came on time. Delivery person was very friendly and wearing a mask.

The mango still has the skin intact so that it's a little bit hard to eat. The sticky rice was still warm and moist. It comes with ground peanuts and coconut cream which brings crunchy texture and an awesome combination of sweet and salty. Definitely get this
Kalaya is an enjoyable, new-ish Thai experience in a City that lacks something authentic.  If you're looking for a "more" real Thai experience (in Philadelphia), then you should definitely drop a reservation and stop by Kalaya (res def needed on any busy night).

Pros:

The service was quick but attentive.  I wasn't quite clear who our server was, but the (apparently) FOH manager worked in tandem with the server and bussers well.  Additionally, specials and recommendations were offered (more below)

The various Curries (Currys?) and wok fried/steamed dishes were delicious.  Specifically the pla thod kamin was some of the best monk fish I've had in Philadelphia.  Additionally, the Moo Pad Kai Kem (stir fried ground pork) and the Kua Kling Nua (toasted beef curry) were delicious table additions enjoyed by everyone (we ordered as a group and shared - it worked well).  The Kua Kling Nua, in particular was my favorite because the spice was near-perfect, although much of the rest of the table found it very, very hot (but still delicious).

Prices were fairly reasonable, but complimented by the fact that it's a BYO.  I think with liquor prices, it would have been expensive, but with our own bottles, we weren't shocked by the bill at all.  

Cons:

The one recommendations were were told that was a "must" was the Mom's Khao Yum Kamin - it was a mediocre if slightly fishy rice salad.  Apparently, this dish is quite authentic and a hard-to-find experience, but me and my (very white) compatriots just weren't into it. 

The rice included with the meals was somewhat un-plentiful and we were left wanting for more.  The addition of sticky rice was made and we received a somewhat comical addition of extra rice.  Next time, I'll ask about some extra rice.

The decor was pleasant, but like any BYO the conditions are a little cramped.  It's hard to rag on any particular BYO when they're almost all like this.  It was generally fine and no worse than any other experience.

Others:

The location was easily accessible from many forms of public transit, although I walked from my center city office because it was a pleasant evening and met at Bar One across the street for a drink beforehand.  

Conclusion:  Kalaya offers a fairly priced, slightly more authentic Thai experience in the City.  It's a quaint little BYO that mixes well in a City that  sort-of lacks this type of experience.  It can also bring the necessary heat to any meal if that's what is desired.  I can see myself returning on a date night!
I came here with my husband and a friend without a reservation on Wednesday night. It's a bit busy but to my surprise they have plenty of outdoor seatings on 9 street and Fitzwater street. Our server was very knowledgeable and attentive. It turns out that the take out menu is different than dining in menu. I was expecting delicious mango sticky rice but it wasn't available. They didn't even have pad Thai and pad see ew.

Appetizer: chicken dumplings in the form of flowers, so pretty, perfect for Instagram post. For me, I could only taste white pepper. 

Mushroom salad: a lot of meaty mushrooms, very fresh. Unfortunately it's salty.

Steamed glass noodles with jumbo prawns: the shrimps were huge. Again, the black pepper is the dominant flavor.

Curry scallops: this one is the winner: so aromatic and full of flavor. Scallops were perfectly cooked, authentic spice , I can put the curry sauce on anything.

Beef and broccoli: beef was super tender, broccoli was fresh and not over cooked. Flavor is ok, not memorable.

Overall in my opinion they were over priced. I definitely recommend the curry scallops. It's the only one that wowed me
Kalaya is no joke. While I am not an expert in Thai food, I do love it. A lot. Red curry would be part of my last meal. 
Kalaya just takes Thai to a whole new level. The layers of flavors and spice to every dish is just amazing. 
Even something so simple as wok fried cabbage is amazing-if I lived close by I would get this every day, just with a protein and some rice and I would be set. 
The curries are all flavorful. The Thai rice salad is something I've never had before but it was love at first bite. 
Service is amazing and you feel right at home. So go. Go quickly! Order one of everything you won't regret it!
Probably the most authentic Thai food you're going to find in Philly. Nok (the owner) was also super nice and friendly and came to talk to us. Prices are on the higher end and portions on the smaller side, but the food tasted really good. Highly recommend the crab curry and cabbage dishes. One downside is that the acoustics in the restaurant wasn't the best - very loud.
Saw this place was getting high reviews, and was fairly new. Brought my parents here to venture out in the world of Thai cuisine after my trip to Bangkok a few months ago. That being said, I stayed with a friend in Bangkok so I have an accurate measure of authenticity and this place definitely hit the spot. No, I did not order Pad Thai and have no clue if it was even on the menu (although I did have it in Thailand).

The place is new, so the kinks are being worked out still. I kept that in mind. I have a reservation for 8:15 for 3 people but turns out I only make it for 2 people. Luckily we were able to be seated- it was cramped but it worked, we were comfortable. I am SO thankful it worked out, thanks to the lovely host/owner. The restaurant is small, cozy, and bustling even at nearly 9 PM on a weeknight. The one thing I'd like is that it is VERY loud. They're trying to work on that, as I understand. But do not come here on a date LOL. You will not hear anything. 

We ordered (for 3 people):
1. Spicy duck salad - amazing. It's mostly spicy ground duck with some cabbage on the side of it, but it's so good. It's almost not a salad but a spicy meat dish? I would say it's on the spicier end so beware! 
2. Crab meat curry - also amazing. Also pretty spicy which I didn't expect but the flavor was powerful and we asked for coconut rice instead of the noodles it came with (since we got another noodle dish) and it's so nice they accommodated it! I actually loved it with coconut rice because the coconut rice is sooo good, slightly sweet, so to me it balanced out the spice. 
3. Coconut rice - with that being said, get this! It's a sweeter rice, more seasoned and parts of it were a tad brunt (I thought this added great flavor/texture) 
4. Shrimp/glass noodles- comes with 3 shrimp, and just like in Thailand, they are huge. The flavors surprised me in a good way, not spicy but definitely flavorful for a noodle dish. 
+ we had leftovers, if this helps you decide how much to order...

I think anything you get will be delicious but I do highly recommend the crab meat curry and coconut rice. Next time I want to try the tapioca balls appetizer! 

We brought BYO wine and it went perfectly with the dishes so do keep in mind this is a BYOB. However they have a variety of cool drinks such as Thai iced tea and coconut juice as well as La Croix ($3 each tho...). 

The chef came out to ask how everything was, she is the counterpart to the hostess and they are so bad ass lady bosses so congrats to them! This place is a hit, can't wait to return.
Put simply, Kalaya has quickly become one of our favorite Philly establishments. And this is no easy feat given there is a wealth of delicious food in this town. 

We had noticed that Kalaya would be opening soon, so we kept our eyes and ears peeled. Upon hearing the great news, we were able to score a table for two during the soft opening. That is when our new Friday night date night obsession began. 

From the ambiance, to the service, and the food - and not to mention fact that it is BYOB too - we have been impressed, satisfied, and eager to come back. The team is top notch - caring about service, and the quality of both the food and the experience. It is clear they want to contribute another great place to the community - which scores points in my book. 

The authentic dishes are amazing. And definitely have made me step outside of my comfort zone. We have tried the delicious crispy yet pillowy pocket of goodness appetizer (toong tong), beef salad (yum nua ma kua poa), mushroom salad (laab hed yang jae), the shrimp ceviche (goong chae nam pla), wok fried cabbage (kalum tod nam pla), the crab curry (kang poo pak tai), chicken curry (kang gai khao mun), beef curry (kua kling nua), and veggie curry (pad prik king hed). Everything has been delightful. Some of it more spicy than others, but all equally as deliciousness as the next item. 

We have been back twice already and cannot wait until our next visit later this week. We are seriously addicted to this great spot. Keep up the amazing work, Kalaya team!
If you are looking for a hearty, authentic, Thai meal, Kalaya is the place to go! To guarantee a table, you should definitely make a reservation, ideally a few days in advance. The place gets packed on weekend evenings! The ambience is homey, but it can get a bit cramped during peak hours. The service is incredible, and the owners are always extremely welcoming! 

The menu is diverse, and the food extremely flavorful. My favorites are the tapioca dumplings, chicken curry, and the grilled sliced beef salad. The tapioca dumplings are not only aesthetically beautiful but also incredibly delicious. The star of the menu every time I have gone though, has been the kang gai khao mun (chicken curry); it is always so fresh, flavorful, and perfectly spicy. The coconut rice that it comes with, I could easily devour by itself.

BYOB is a plus as well! The prices aren't cheap, but definitely worth it for the occasional treat yourself splurge. Can't wait to be back!
It was a very quaint small Thai restaurant with some unique offerings that we enjoyed. It serves authentic Thai food  so there wasn't many of the noodle dishes like Pad Thai or Lard Nar. The owner explained the various specials that day and helped us to order a nice variety for dinner. I loved the spices and textures of all our dishes but I didn't like how salty the dishes were. 

Service was very attentive and facilities are nice and clean. I felt though the prices were too high for what was served.
It's true this place is authentic Thai, as the chef and owner makes her mother's own recipes, and the dishes are full of flavor. However, know most of the dishes are VERY spicy so if you can't handle heat, you may think twice about coming here. And there are no adjustments to the menu or to the heat level. 

When she can, the chef comes out of the kitchen to interact with guests. She explained all the hard work that goes into making the ingredients for each dish, which is really quite amazing. The barramundi with pineapple and tamarind dish was nice but my husband and I both felt the flavor was off balance. It was all sweet/sour with no base (like we wanted it to also have taro or potato) to make it taste more well-rounded and not all sweet. 

We also found it surprising they didn't offer rice with a few of the main protein dishes. You have to pay extra for it so the bill adds up.  We'll be back but will try some other dishes.
This is one of the few times I can actually say "I knew this before it was cool" (I came here just days before Eater announced them as the Restaurant of the Year for 2019). 

I came for lunch and the place was full, we had a quick 10-minute wait (which wasn't bad at all and gave us a chance to look over the menu). 

We ordered a little bit of everything to share so I got to have a pretty good tasing experience of the menu. The owner came out and helped us pick what to order to make sure we got the best of what they had to offer. There was so much to try, so I'm not going to into detail about the individual dishes. But it's safe to say that they were all delicious and you'll be happy no matter what you order. (I do highly recommend the Tai Iced Tea. It was my first time trying it and I loved it. It was so full of flavor and spices! I think Kalaya's next venture should be a coffee shop, preferably in NorthEast Philly). 

Great food and great service! Would come back!
It took me a while to figure out how I felt about this place and I ended up with average. I was pretty excited to try it out after reading rave reviews but there were a couple of red flags that pretty much tainted the food and experience.

1. We were excited when our waiter encouraged us to be adventurous. We also got to talk to the owner. The owner and chef is a very sweet lady but in an impersonable way (no offense). We asked her what some of the more traditional items on the menu were and she replied saying everything on the menu is authentic( pad Thai?). So we asked her which of them are her favorites  to which she emphasized sternly that everything is authentic but signed off saying we shouldn't hesitate at all to ask the waiter for her if we had questions when the only questions we had were not answered.

About the food: 
It was extremely salty (felt like I ate a rock of salt in the Chinese brocoli) , crab fried rice just did not have that crab flavor but had big lumps of crab that didn't seem fresh so didn't understand why it  cost $45. Scallop curry was also curry with scallops in it and that might have been me having high expectations thinking the flavor of scallops will be recognizable in the curry. The dumplings were tasty but very tiny in portion size and expensive. The service was a bit uncomfortable at times. All in all while the food tastes good, it can be a bit more light handed with the seasoning and it's a tad overpriced however restaurants in philly are just recovering from the pandemic and I'm happy to give it another shot.
I went here with two of my closest friends who were visiting from out of town, and I am so happy we picked this location of all the restaurants in Philly to take them to.  The menu is extensive, and everything looked absolutely delicious; it was really hard to decide what to get.  We shared family style as it was suggested, and got the flower dumplings, duck salad, crab meat curry, and pork belly stir fry for our mains.  Our server let us know that they don't do requests on the spice level, and it is served as it is supposed to be which is awesome, but also be aware when taking friends who can't handle spicy food.  Honestly though, it's a good opportunity to train up their tolerance :)  

Our appetizer, the flower dumplings, were not my favorite but still good overall - they had a really light flavor that was slightly nutty, and less of the savory flavor I was expecting I think, but gorgeous to look at.  The duck salad was the spiciest of everything we ordered, but so delicious and juicy and must order if you can handle spicy food.  The crab curry was amazing as well, with a nice hint of coconut and other great Thai flavors, and the pork belly was my personal favorite: the meat was so tender and the sauce was savory.  The three dishes represented so many different flavors, and it was a great spread.  For dessert, we got the  mango sticky rice and one of the push pops (the lychee hibiscus).  The mango sticky rice was the best I've ever had and the push pop was good too - not too sweet at all, and a light dessert to end with.

The three of us also got to try all of the specialty teas and the Thai Iced tea - you cannot go wrong with any of the options at all, they are all really refreshing.  Our server was super helpful on any questions we had, suggestions, and just in general the service is wonderful.  With all that we got between 3 people, we took home leftovers so the portions are pretty generous.

Be aware that there is a $60 deposit for making a reservation, but it does go towards your bill.  Just be sure you'll show up when making your reservation! It is 100% well worth it however, this is a one of a kind restaurant that you do not want to miss out on and that promises an authentic Thai food experience.  I for sure will be back for more menu items I just didn't have room for!
I rarely write updates, especially when my opinion of a place has not changed significantly, but I had to for Kalaya: two months later, they're still slaying and the food just keeps getting better.

We made reservations for an early dinner, a quieter, calmer experience we actually enjoyed more than dining at peak hours. The menu had changed and expanded a bit since my last visit, but thankfully, the crabmeat curry was still on there. And it remains one of the best curries I've had on this side of the globe (maybe second only to Kalaya's chicken curry). We also ordered the toasted beef curry (kua kling nua), a dry curry with cold sweat-inducing levels of spice. It was so tasty, but so painful - truly a flavor bomb of a dish. The table favorite of the night was the steamed whole branzino (pla nung manao), which was expertly filleted table-side. The tamarind-lime sauce had an addictively tangy taste (and was very refreshing after our spicy spicy curries). Though we were stuffed, we couldn't stop eating the fish until it was all gone. 

The wok-fried cabbage (kalum tod nam pla) exceeded our expectations - they use Napa cabbage, which has more body and yet is more tender to the bite than Western cabbage, and the garlic-fish sauce had just the right amount of savoriness. On the other hand, the tapioca dumplings (sakoo sai hed), while tasty, were probably the item we enjoyed the least - they're served at room temperature, which I'm sure is the correct way; it just isn't my preferred temperature for tapioca dumplings.

The service was friendly and ran smoothly the whole night - our waitress, April, was attentive and we saw the chef and owner constantly making rounds to make sure everyone was enjoying their meal. I always look forward to a meal at Kalaya, whose expertise in the kitchen and commitment to using top-quality ingredients bring my food-loving heart so much joy every time I go.
This was great. I was torn between 4 and 5 and went with 4 simply because I didn't have quite the same reaction to this as I do to places like Uncle Boons or Ugly Baby. 

First visit, we got the tapioca dumplings with pork, the ceviche style shrimp, the duck salad, the crabmeat curry, and the stir fried eggplants. We really liked everything, with our favorite probably being the crabmeat curry, which was somewhat spicy, but still very tolerable even for my wife, who's not crazy about spicy food. Interestingly, the duck salad had the same spice level listed on the menu, but that felt much hotter -- it's possible we just got some super hot chilis in the bunch, but that felt like a much spicier dish than the curry. It was so good that my wife still enjoyed it though. The eggplant was good as well, and I really liked the shrimp, although my wife wasn't as crazy about the texture on those. Needless to say, the dumplings were great, and I'd love to try the mushroom ones as well.
This place has been long overdue. I have been eyeing this place because of the many positive reviews this place has gotten and I wanted to try it for myself. I decided to come here with four of my friends for my BDAY CELEBRATION (yes all caps) and we had a good time. Let's backtrack for a min. If you have a group of more than five, you will be seated outside. I decided to come and personally made a request to sit inside and the asst manager was able to make it happen. Okay, onto the more important things, FOOD. Kalaya isn't your typical Thai food, at least not the type of thai food I've had before. We were lucky to have Kelly (our server) to explain the menu to us as well as accommodating us with out needs. So, we decided to order one of the dumplings (stuffed with peanuts), fried rice, Chinese broccoli, scallops, and pork belly. All of them was delicious, i must say. Now, the reason it's not a 5-star is simply because of the price. I don't think fried rice should cost $44 no matter how delicious they are. BUT it's my BDAY CELEBRATION so I do what I want .

All in all, the food was delish.
Five stars for quality and taste, just amazing what they do with the curry flavors, the sweet and tangy broth for the steamed fish. The Tom yum soup was my favorite, picture the best Tom yum soup you've had, but even better, they mixed sweet, sour, spicy, in a perfect blend, and the presentation showed great detail with the shrimp head and tails placed in a well designed manner. 

3 stars for portions and price as we ordered over $130 worth of food and felt like we needed to grab pizza at angelos next door. 

Service was nice and the staff was attentive to what we wanted and gave recommendations. They have outdoor seating as well. 

For dinners, definitely get a reservation cause this place gets packed, and for a good reason.
Okay so I've been dying to try this place. I've heard so many people recommend this place for Thai or food in general. Prices are kinda steep so budget for like $40-$50pp.

We came at opening (5pm), but yeah definitely recommend a reservation if you have more than 2 people as the place is small and the tables are tightly packed. 

For starters we got the tapioca dumplings with pork. Super unique and flavorful! Chewy Mochi like texture on the outside, spicy pork filled flavor bomb on the inside. Super refreshing with the cucumber slice and cilantro. 

For entrees, we got the wok friend pork and the chicken curry. The chicken curry is super spicy so beware. Three red x's is spicy by asian standards. The wok fried port was also amazing. All of the meat was juicy and succulent. Both came with rice so we got one jasmine and one coconut. The coconut rice is life changing. We also got the stir fried eggplant which was a good side dish. 

Finally when it came time for the check, they asked if there was room for dessert. I said sure, there's only one. The coconut panna cotta with fresh pineapple was the dessert I never knew I needed. Amazing.

I'm dying to come back for other things here. So definitely will be back. Next time with reservations.
I ordered Pad See Ew and Pad Thai for pickup through caviar because of a discount. The food was ready when I got there. Each container is wrapped with plastic wrap to prevent spilling.

I had high expectations for the food, especially the pad Thai that cost $32. The portion size is big, you can definitely share with another person. A lot of crab meat, big fresh shrimp. The crushed red pepper gives some heat to the dish. There's not much sauce in the noodles and it was bland, it's a disappointment for me.

On the other hand, the pad see ew is very delicious. In Chinese dish is also known as ho fun/kwetiaw. Noodles is perfectly cooked, perfect chewiness, balanced flavor between sweet and salty. Chinese broccoli is so crunchy. Highly recommended. Big size portion too.
ated as one of the top restaurants in Philly is no joke!

Food/Drinks: AH-MAY-ZING! If you read my past reviews, you know I have high expectations for Thai food given that I worked at a Thai restaurant for a few years of my life during college. This place is honestly one of the best Thai restaurants I've ever been to regarding quality of food and authenticity. It's not your run of the mill Thai restaurant with the typical American favorites but rather traditional dishes. I feel like most of the food I was ordering was like I was ordering in Thailand itself. The Seafood Tom Yum Kalaya was absolutely delicious and the best tom yum soup I've ever had. Extremely filling and full of STUFF! Every bite is a bite full of meat and seafood with spices/herbs and nothing was overpowering. We had the branzino fish and you can literally drink the sweet, tangy, fish sauce because it's just so good! Honestly, everything was amazing. Look at the pictures I included! Finally, it is BYOB so bring all the wine you want! It is pricey, but I think it's worth it!

Service/Environment - Service was great! Our server knew what she was talking about and made lots of recommendations given it was my first time here. She was attentive and easily called upon if we need her. Rather small restaurant in South Philly with limited parking in the area. But the area is rather cute with some other stores close by and the Italian Market; great place to go on a date. Easy to reserve a table as well; it is a $20/person deposit but they refund this back to you once you make it there. You can also easily change your reservation (I personal had to a few times due to unforeseen circumstances). Finally, very trendy on the inside and they have a very nice outdoor area.

Rating: 9.5/10
Pros: Amazing Food!
Cons: Pricey (but worth it!)
The best Thai restaurant in the city. The food is sooooo good! I've been on a hunt for an amazing Thai spot in Philly and was just about to give up when Kalaya finally opened up. I cannot wait to come back. 

Note - the curry is very spicy! I was dying over the goat curry which was at the lowest level spice.
I really want to give this place 4.5 stars, but since I can't quite justify a 5, I'll go with a 4. Overall this was a fantastic meal and some of the best Thai food I've had in Philly. There's really not a single dish we didn't love. We had the chicken curry, dumplings, cabbage, mackerel, and mushroom soup- all fantastic. Be warned, some of these dishes are SPICY, specifically the chicken curry had our mouths burning, in a good way. 

Here is what is preventing me from giving 5 stars:
1. I understand this is a small restaurant but I feel like they really tried to cram way too much inside. It feels like you're maneuvering an obstacle course to even get into your seat. My fiancé had to keep leaning forward because he felt like they were on top of him every time they passed by. Get ready to eaves drop on your neighbors because you are basically at a table with them. 
2. Our dumplings came out first and were awesome, however after that course, EVERYTHING came out at one time. I really wish they would have coursed it out so that we weren't sitting at the table with like 7 things in front of us all at once. Maybe I'm naive and that is traditional way for eating Thai, but to me personally I wasn't a fan. 

Besides those 2 things though, everything else was great!
Fantastic first Thai food experience. Saw on their website that they are doing Take-out during this time. We got the Kang Ghai Plate (chicken curry, cabbage, stir fried beef) and Kanom Jeeb (dumplings). Absolutely amazing ! Incredible flavors, fresh, and authentic. Will be back again in no time. Proud to have a restaurant in our neighborhood that is doing such good for the community during a time of need!!
Pretty good Thai restaurant in the area. Needed to say they overpriced on all dishes here compared to the average Thai foods. Though the portion is quite generous but still way too expensive. 

Moo Pad Kapi was the best among all dishes we ordered and I liked it very much. Very good flavors with aromatic fragrance. Great job. The cute chicken dumplings appetizer was no no. I didn't taste anything else other than peppers. We ordered them because they were cute that's all and would NOT recommend this dish. Kinda speechless after eating my first cute chicken dumpling. 

The monk fish in turmeric curry wasn't bad. Full of curry flavor but nothing was outstanding unfortunately. The Som Tum was ok and somehow we tasted some bitterness of papaya. Suggest to peel a little more skins out. The inside was cute and can get crowded easily with the tables set up pretty close to each other. 
Service was great and attentive. Overall, not bad to check it out.
Finally, a Thai restaurant that lives up to the high standards of the Philly food scene. I've not had a more satisfying Thai meal in recent memory or probably ever. 

The restaurant is named after Kalaya, the owner's mother and the menu is a tribute to her outstanding homemade recipes. It's so refreshing to not see red/yellow/green curry or the now mainstream Tom yum or Tom Kha soups on the menu. We tried the fish cakes which sounded great on paper but didn't quite hit the right notes for me. 

Our next round however was heaven for my palette. The giant crab fried rice is loaded with crab and spices and is a little expensive when compared to usual Thai staples but it's a great to share for a party size of 2-4.
The chicken curry is reminiscent of your usual Thai curries but this one trumps every Thai curry you've eaten before. It's spicy, it's flavorful and it packs in a kick unlike no other. This comes with soft, fragrant coconut rice which is so delicious that it can also be eaten on its own.

We also tried a portion of the eggplant stir fry which is a great vegetarian option and it pairs really well with jasmine rice or coconut rice. If crab fried rice isn't your thing, I'd definitely recommend getting portions of these. 

Kalaya is here to stay. It's a fantastic addition to Philly's gastronomic repertoire.
Recently tried this place after all of the buzz and anticipation. It's a pretty small and cute restaurant so don't be surprised if there's a wait. When the weathers nice there's two tables outside but once the weather gets cold it'll just be the inside. We sat outside so I can't comment too much on the inside decor but it looked cute from the one or two times I walked through to see the bathroom.

Service was pretty good. One of the owners was walking around and chatted with us for a little bit, she was a super sweet and friendly!

We did family style to try a bunch of things.

Mom's Khao yum kamin (rice salad) - super fresh, colorful, and tasty! This was probably my favorite dish of the night

Kua kling nua (Beef curry) & pad prik king he (Vegetable curry) - was pretty surprised  when these dishes came out. Not what I usually picture curry to be but I'm not an expert at authentic Thai cuisine. They were more like meat and veggie dishes just so that you know what to expect! Both were very good and tasty. The curries also come with rice on the side. I just felt they were kind of small portions for the price.

Kalum tod Nam pla (Cabbage) - WONDERFUL. Perfectly seasoned. Second favorite dish. Very simple but perfect complement to the whole meal

Overall, very happy Kalaya is now on the philly food scene. I think it has a lot to offer in terms of different authentic Thai food. It's not your standard Thai restaurant so be prepared for a little food adventure when you go. Only complaint is that for the price, portions can be small. Definitely will be back and next time I will definitely be trying the crab curry! Oh and it's also BYOB for those wondering.
Our search for truly authentic and tasty Thai has finally come to an end. We went to Kalaya during their soft opening and we were blown away.

My wife and I moved here from Allentown, PA which had a fantastic Thai restaurant and we have been looking around Philadelphia for the same delicious and well prepared food. We found some nice spots but nothing that ever compared until Kalaya.

We tried their mushroom salad for an appetizer. It was full of flavor and you could really taste the fresh ingredients. We had the chicken curry and stir fried pork as our entree and both were tender, delicious and spicy. Most of all they had finally satisfied our craving for super delicious Thai food.

We will be back often. Try it I promise you will love it!
Nice, quaint location and atmosphere. The service was helpful and the owner is great. They are doing outside and indoor dining with partitions.  I had to reserve a table with 20.00 per person deposit that gets credited to your bill. 

Plates are large and made for sharing including the sides. Unique offerings and several options that are vegetarian or can be made vegetarian/vegan. My favorites were the Sakoo Hed dumplings, Hed Pad Kra Tiem (mushrooms), Kana Pla Kem (Chinese broccoli).
Keep in mind this food is spicy ! Some dishes more than others. The spice can't be adjusted. The Thai iced tea helps neutralize the spice!
Gluten free friendly Asian food is hard to come by, but there was no shortage of options at Kalaya!  Thai is one of my favorite cuisines and I was able to experience a new type of Thai cuisine thanks to Kalaya (flavor profiles are different than what you "normally" might think of - pad thai, sweet and sour).  We ordered pork dumplings, the salad with crispy duck, wok fried monkfish (pla thod kamin), and wok fried pork (moo pad kapi).  Everything came out family style.  The dumplings were good, but I'm likely to try other things on my next visit.  The duck salad was a starter and was a level 3 spicy.  They had spoke to us about the spice levels beforehand, and we felt 3 would be okay.  Thankfully my husband's tolerance is higher b/c after 1.5 servings, my mouth was not taking any more.  It was really tasty, but I just could not physically handle it. He finished up the salad and I was still able to recover and enjoy the rest of our meal.  The monkfish was really delicious - perfectly cooked, tender, just wanted more and more of that.  The pork was also great - the shrimp paste it was cooked in provided a wonderful depth of flavor.  Maybe because I really needed something to pad my stinging tastebuds, but we had to ask for refills of the jasmine rice a couple times to finish out our meal.  What I listed above was a solid portioned meal for two of us, but we couldn't resist the allure of a coconut panna cotta to close out the meal.  Thankfully, we got the very last one they had that night!  Truly, I can't wait to return just for that alone!  It was topped with pineapple tossed in some lime and something else I can't place (basil?) - whatever it was, it really drew out the pineapple flavor, and melded so well with the creamy panna cotta.  Next time we'll try to order two of these because we were really scraping the dish for every last bit!  

Highly recommend a reservation!
I am absolutely in love with this restaurant, I feel like there should be a fan club for Kalaya with a discussion group of our favorite dishes. Pre covid days I would go at least once a month, now I order take out from their once a month. I just tried their new lamb shank massaman curry, and it was amazing with a side of coconut rice. It also came with these pickled greens that I was obsessed with. Needless to say I am a HUGE fan of this place and if you haven't tried it yet, you're missing out on life.
I loooooove spicy. And as I'm sitting here tonight thinking about the most perfect spicy things I've eaten - we're talking sweat forming on the top of the head, a dull ring in the ears, mouth-numbing, face-flushing, adrenaline-spiking HEAT - Kalaya's beef curry still stands up in my mind as the best. Kudos. Can't wait to see this place stay full steam ahead in 2020: it deserves all the good.
Hands down the best Thai in Philly. Also some of the best service that I've gotten at a restaurant as well, as the server was really trying to make us feel comfortable and even gave us extra rice to take home for some of our leftovers. Would recommend their Pad Thai, chicken curry, and crab fried rice.
My boyfriend and I recently celebrated a birthday here on a Wednesday night. We had a lovely meal. The space is small, but we did not find it got as loud as other yelpers have noted. Service was fast and friendly.

For appetizers we had the sakoo sai hed (tapioca dumplings with shiitake mushroom) and one of the night's specials. We both loved the dumplings, they were unlike anything we'd ever tried before. Definitely get them! We followed this up with the kang gai khao mun (chicken curry), moo pad kapi (wok fried pork), and a side of eggplant. Highlights were definitely the chicken curry, the coconut rice that came with it, and the eggplant! My only complaint is that the the whole meal was seriously lacking spice! After reading reviews about the spice levels, we ordered cautiously. However, we're definitely getting the beef curry on my next trip!
Friendly neighborhood BYOB. Spicy food in a wonderful near south Philadelphia location.   Beef Curry was not to my liking with granular burnt beef served solo in a bowl - but I've been told this is just another way the dish is prepared.     Ceviche shrimp was perfectly prepared and not overly weighed down with heavy sauce.   Coconut rice and chicken Pad Thai were flavorful and more accurately spiced . . .  Assume all dishes will be hot with a kick and order accordingly.

Staff and managers were over the top friendly and attentive, but regretfully the physical space is unwelcoming.   Air conditioning is not well calibrated and the noise levels are absolutely unbearable.  The latter sadly is enough to keep me from returning;  M
my ears are literally ringing now as I write this.  Noise mufflin surfaces might help?    But after reading the reviews on Open Table, I see this issue is pervasive and remains unaddressed.   Kalaya is definitely not the place for a quiet intimate dinner.   Hope the noise issue can be resolved.
Every dish we had at Kalaya was incredible. 

Were there hiccups in the service? Did we see people having to wait 30-45 minutes after their reserved time? Yes. But if you can overlook this new restaurant's growing pains, be prepared to have a meal marked by intense flavors, fresh and high-quality ingredients, and unique dishes that you won't find anywhere else.

Every dish we tried was a winner, particularly the kang gai khao mun, chicken curry with pandan rice. The rice has an intense vanilla/pandan flavor that tastes almost like a dessert, and the curry is silky smooth, with intricate flavors expertly melded together. The yum nua ma kua poa, sliced beef salad, was incredibly spicy, but the beef was so tender and the dish so savory yet light, we could not stop eating it. Another table favorite was the kang poo pak tai, or crab meat curry, which at $27 was the most expensive dish we ordered, but 100% worth it for those generous lumps of crab.

Service was friendly and helpful, though our server was clearly still learning the ropes. Though she didn't open our wine bottle at first, she was attentive and immediately opened it when asked, and was really good about refilling waters - which was appreciated as we consumed our fairly spicy meal! Our appetizers took a long, long while to arrive, but after that, the pace of the meal was fine.

I'd recommend coming here with a small group (4-6) so you can try more dishes. All the items looked so intriguing, and even with the four of us ordering as much as we could eat, there were still more items we wanted to try! Also, make a reservation. And make it for the number of people you plan to bring - we saw a reservation of 2 try to sneak in a third person, and the dining space is just too small to accommodate that. 

I'm already excited to come back here again. I'm even thinking of booking a cooking class, which I saw advertised in their front window, for my dad, partially for Father's Day but also for selfish reasons - I need to know how to make chicken curry with pandan rice, I could eat that dish every day.
I was so psyched to try this much hyped about authentic Thai restaurant in South Philly. I love Thai food and visited Thailand about 10 years ago. The restaurant is near Ralph's Italian restaurant and sarcones (amazing italian bread!). Street parking is available, but can be hard to find on a weekend. We were able to snag a reservation on a Friday night and I would definitely recommend making one before going. There were people waiting for 40+ minutes for a table! The restaurant is very small, looks like an old row home, and they tried to fit as many tables as possible so expect to get cozy! Noise is still an issue, very hard to hear your server and have a conversation on a busy night. Waitstaff were super nice and had great recs, the owners were also very nice and checked in on the diners throughout the night. 

But the most important part? The food! and it left me unimpressed, was it good? Yes. Amazing and I would come again again for? No. They definitely have authentic dishes, not typically seen at Thai restaurants, so there is NO pad Thai or drunken noodles to be found on the menu. For 2 of us, We tried the chicken curry with coconut rice, the cabbage dish everyone raves about and the kua kling na (dried beef curry). There is no option for spice levels, it is served as the chef determines which is great, and my friend and I can eat spicy food but these dishes were super spicy! Besides spice, the flavor overall for both curry dishes was lacking. The chicken curry was primarily creamy and spicy and when paired with the coconut rice it comes with, makes the dish very sweet. With jasmine rice, it's more bland. The dried beef curry was ok. Cabbage was also just ok. Everyone raves about the coconut rice and honestly it's good, but in Chinese/Vietnamese cultures, it almost tastes like a dessert sticky rice we call xoi. The rice wasn't sticky but it was quite sweet and honestly the sweetness was prob intended to offset the spiciness of the foods but it was odd for us. 

Prices are high for the amount and quality of food offered and the setting. About $20 for each curry dish and it was about 1 - 1 1/2 cups in each bowl. Rice was also about a cup to cup and Half, they were nice about giving us more and not charging, we needed it for the spice! Extra nice perk? BYOB! Not so nice thing we learned? They have a cake cutting fee  my friend and I brought a small chocolate cake to share to celebrate, and we were told it would cost us $24 for the cake cutting fee, guys our little cake was $15 and that they don't really allow for other desserts to be brought in.  My friend initially didn't understand what they were saying (because it was so loud) and was like we don't need you to cut it or give us extra plates, we'll eat right out of the tray! LOL. Still a no go so we unfortunately didn't get to have our dessert there, so we just went back to her place to have our red wine and chocolate cake! The owners told us they have desserts, we knew that and just didn't want any of those. Well, lesson learned!

Go to try dishes not normally found at other Thai restaurants, but be prepared to pay much more than you normally would, order a lot to get full or eat a ton of rice, you'll prob need it anyway, BYOB and poss BYOM (milk) depending on your spice tolerance and don't bring any other desserts!
We had an incredible meal here. Every dish was flavorful and unique. It's a small place, and a little crowded inside, but the food more than makes up for it. This place is the real deal.
Been mad craving Thai and well this is best option. Even though the prices are high, like you can apps, entree, and dessert for the price of one dish here, the difference in quality is very noticeable. 

Was specifically craving noodles and wow these are one of the best drunken noodles I've had in a long time. With large pieces of shrimp, scallops, muscles, and squid, this is definitely luxury. The noodles were soft and chewy, not at all soggy. I think my biggest problem with most Thai noodle dishes is how oily they can be, but this one was different. Sauce on point, not at all oily! 

The drumsticks appetizer was also so good! The sweet chili sauce and the sticky rice were a great pairing!
Let me start by saying that the reviews that rave about the delicious food are all true. The food is beautiful, loaded with flavor, spice and everything nice. The mom's khao yum kamin salad was so flavorful with coconut, dried shrimp, vegetables, chili flakes.. served at the table with a beautiful presentation of each item placed in the dish separately and the server comes to mix the bowl. This salad with its flavor and texture was delightful. The fried rice along with the crab coconut curry was rich and depth-filled. I ordered the shrimp with glass noodles by recommendation from our server and she did not steer me wrong. The dish is infused with flavor then baked in a pot. I'm telling you, the shrimp was huge and meaty and almost tasted like I was eating hearty pieces of crab (and that's a good thing). The place is cute and the service was exceptional but the noise level was practically unbearable. We were celebrating my birthday and couldn't even have a conversation. We didn't stay for dessert because we couldn't hear each other. We were told at one point that they were working on the acoustics of the room this coming week. It sounds like they are going to do something to help with the noise level. I can't say enough about the food, though. Really wonderful meals! (And it's a byob and wine was flowing!)
Ate here Friday with some friends and we really enjoyed. Everything was fresh. You can really tell that it was fresh and great ingredients.  Coconut rice was delicious.  I had the Moo Pad Kapi and really loved it.  Spicy but not painful. The chef did a great job with it.  

The tapioca dumplings were great.  Definitely a different texture but I enjoyed them a lot.

The chef came out to chat with us and was really pleasant. My friend didn't order a starch because he's diabetic.  The chef ran through options and brought out some fresh cabbage and told a story about her and her mom and how she made cabbage everyday in a different way.

Really nice people putting out really high quality food.  If you enjoy some spice, this is the place.
This place is the best Thai in Philadelphia. There have been a few other restaurants that were good Thai spots over the years, burning if them have held up. This is new, so I hope it stands the rest of time, but it's delicious. The menu is small, but it was still hard to choose from the options available. They all sounded spectacular. 
I'm excited to go back.
If I were a good person, I would write up every single detail of our dinner and notate it here so that future diners could take advantage of it. Alas, a few weeks have passed and memory has faded away the names of exact dishes that we ate. 

Here's what I do remember: Every plate and bowl we received was eaten with exclamations of delight. Staff were warm and kind -- opening our BYOB, not blinking when the table next to us gifted us the rest of their BYOB, etc. The interior was cozy and neighborhoody. They had one table outside.

The place was delicious and unlike any other Thai place I've ever been to. I really, really want to go back.
Great food and presentation.  Some menu choices are very spicy and I love spice.  We ordered so many different dishes but the duck appetizer was not edible by the other 3 in my party given the spice level so just ask the waitress/waiter for recommendations if spice is a concern. 

The Thai curry was one of our favorites.  Dumpling dishes that we tried were also very good and flavorful.  

BYOB/BYOW puts a bow on this thai gem restaurant!   

We will go back
Very good food, but the service made me question everything. Was in Philly to see a show and came around 8PM with reservations. The place was packed, so reservations are definitely a good idea.

The menu reminded me of Pok Pok with many regional dishes. We ordered shrimp ceviche, duck salad, braised pork belly, and sticky rice. Highly recommend all 3. The shrimp ceviche was a flavor bomb and the bitter melon complemented it well. The tangy juice was divine with sticky rice. The duck salad was meaty (not that spicy actually) and mixed with with delicious herbs, I couldn't put my fork down. 

Then came the awkward part. We were patiently waiting for the pork belly bc it makes sense that it would take a while. After 35 MINUTES and when we had finished most of the cold dishes, I finally flagged down our waiter to see when it would be ready. He said THEY DONT SERVE THE MAIN COURSE UNTIL WE ASK THEM TO. First of all he did NOT tell us that when we ordered, nor when we were waiting for over half an hour clearly looking impatient. Second of all, why???????????????????????????

So the waiter proceeded to start CLEARING OUT our plates and bringing us new ones for thr next course. I asked him to leave the rest of the duck salad as we were still eating it. Finally another 10 minutes later the pork belly came. It was superb! The large chunks of fatty heaven resembled American bbq in taste and was different from any briased pork belly I've had in the past. The mustard greens soaked up the complex juices and cut through beautifully with its acidic profile. I scarfed that motherfucker down. 

At this point I was worried that we would be late for our show, so I asked the waiter to bring the check as we were finishing up. He said THEY DONT BRING THE CHECK UNTIL THE WHOLE TABLE IS CLEARED. I was PERPLEXED. First you delay our pork belly because of your negligence, now this. All I can say is wtf. Would it absolutely rip you to shreds to be just a little accomadating? 

Bottom line I would come again for phenomenal Thai food that no longer graces New York (outside of Queens) and when I want to be treated like a BITCH.
I've been wanting to try Kalaya forever and we decided to go as our first outdoor dining experience during the pandemic. I must say that I was VERY impressed with how they were handling safety precautions. You use a QR code system on your phone to place your order to minimize staff contact and overall the staff was super friendly and respectful of social distancing and wore masks. 

I felt super safe and the food was AMAZING. The laab ped was delicious (albeit insanely spicy - not for the faint of heart!!). The coconut rice is delicious and the chicken curry was prepared perfectly. We also got Shaw muang and kanom jeeb which we're phenomenal. 

I can't wait to go back to try more!
I went with some friends for a get together and was really excited to get authentic Thai food since I learned it's so delicious from my recent visit to Thailand. 

Since I have a strong distaste for cilantro (specifically fresh cilantro), I asked the waitress if they could hold the cilantro as a garnish, and that I understood many of the dishes (ie curry) had cilantro in the base, and that was ok. The waitress told us she checked with the chef and said it would be ok. Then the chef came out and told us that she would not hold any cilantro garnish because this is how it is made in Thailand and that she was not willing to make any adjustments. The waitress and hostess explained that they were hoping she wouldn't do this again, and offered me a complementary entree. 

The rest of our meal was rather awkward as the hostess and waitress kept apologizing, and the chef kept trying to prove that I could eat cilantro since it was already cooked into the curry, which I already knew. Overall, the only dish I thought was exceptional was the chicken curry, but it wasn't delicious enough for me to go back there.
I have eaten here once and ordered take-out (due to COVID) and both experiences were great! The food is authentic and extremely flavorful. Plus for being BYO. The owner and staff are very welcoming. The ambiance is bright and comfortable. Highly recommend!
TRADITIONAL. THAI FOOD.

like the other reviews said, if you're looking for tom yum soup with pad thai, this isn't the place for you. this place embodies a true authentic home cooked thai meal. 

came on a friday night and DEFINITELY make reservations. place was packed, loud and bumpin! BYOB which is always a plus.

i wasn't too enticed by any of the apps so we just got a bunch of entrees (i'm a huge fan of leftovers) 

KUA KLING NUA (toasted beef curry)
- i know this dish is in the curry section but it's not a curry. it's more of sauteed ground beef but this is SPICY. omg, i had one bite and i chugged my delicious thai iced tea. do not order this unless you can handle spice. it's definitely the spiciest thing on the menu. i actually ended up barely eating this in the restaurant and taking it home and mixing it with some coconut milk to bring down the spice

KANG POO PAK TAI (crab curry)
- best dish on the menu. get it get it. a generous amount crab, i loved mixing it with the noodles and veg they provide but i was also delicious with rice as well. i will be ordering this every time i come here

MOO PAD KAPI (wok fried pork)
- there's 2 wok fried pork on the menu but this one the waitress recommended because she said the flavors were better. this dish was probably my least favorite. it was tasty but nothing of a wow factor. 

PLA THOD KAMIN (wok fried monkfish)
- this was good but only 4 pieces. flavors were good but not my favorite. i think next time i'll be trying the branzino instead

KALUM TOD NAM PLA (wok fried cabbage)
- this is DELICIOUS. i could eat this every day mixed with rice. the flavors are delicious i just wish there was some other vegetables mixed in with the cabage 


all in all, this place is a gem. there's none like it in philly and the flavors are on point. one thing i always hate though is when rice isn't free. $3 for rice (sticky or jasmin) but i feel like this should be like bread in an italian restaurant, rice is a staple to be had with curry and especially the fiery beef dish.

definitely recommend to those that love authentic thai food. i'll be back again to try all the things i haven't tried yet!!!!!
Believe the hype. The food here is incredibly delicious, authentic, and unique. Truly the whole experience will stay with you, and you'll want to bring all your friends and family with you the next time. And Nok is a delight, chances are she'll be by your table making food recommendations and ensuring you're having a wonderful experience.
This was one of the most disappointing dinner experiences of my life. I consider myself a pretty fair person, but after all of the hype Kalaya has received, it's important to be honest about my experience. It seems like others have commented that Kalaya is resting on its laurels.

I had been meaning to try Kalaya for a few years, but hadn't made it there. I figured no better time than my birthday. My brother had eaten at Kalaya and said it was very good, so I had no reason to expect anything less.

Because of the pandemic, you scan a QR code to view the menu. It's a confusing set up at Kalaya, because it takes you to the Toast app, where you can add menu items presumably for takeout orders, but not for dining there.  Seems like this could also be a pretty streamlined way to order, especially when you have a big party and are ordering a bunch of dishes. Makes it easier for the wait staff too. But no, we verbalized our large order and the waitress never brought out one of the appetizers I ordered.

There were a few big issues with both the menu and the food:

1. They put shrimp paste in every curry, and seemingly many other dishes. I'm not a vegetarian, which they're pretty accommodating for, but I don't eat fish or seafood. I don't care if it's inauthentic--there's no reason you can't make a chicken or goat curry shrimp paste free. I also think it's pretty unaccommodating to have zero curries without shrimp paste.

2. The dumplings are very pretty, but they're completely nothing special. $16-17 for almost empty dumplings is a pretty awful deal. You can get two orders of dumplings anywhere in Chinatown for much better dumplings.

3. Fair warning if you have remotely any issues with spice. Kalaya is not for you. I eat spicy food. I love Sichuan. I love ma la hot pot. I'm middle of the road when it comes to spice. I've never been to a place that doesn't even give you the option for less spicy. Kalaya's flavor profile is ridiculous spice at the expense of flavor and nuance. The duck and beef larb doesn't taste like anything other than spice, and I felt it in my stomach rather than my lips, tongue, and mouth. I had duck larb at a $$ neighborhood Thai joint in South Florida a few months ago and it was much better, much more flavorful, and half the price.

Everything they do is essentially cut up a bunch of slices of bird's eye chilis and dump them in every dish. The beef filet was delicious, and the only dish we had that didn't taste like a ton of spice and no other flavors.

4. Most importantly: I got very, very bad food poisoning from the food. Like, it took me almost a week to feel better. I suspect it was the duck, but I can't say for certain. Everyone in my family got sick to some variation, and I got the worst of it even though I'm the most adventurous eater out of all of us.
I was excited to finally try this highly rated Thai restaurant in south philly, but unfortunately it didn't live up to the hype. I was there for outdoor dining and their protocol is top notch. Masks, proper distance and you order and pay online. The only issue is you must also tip before service is rendered, thankfully the server was extremely pleasant, but it is strange. On to the food:

Chicken Dumplings, Chicken Curry, Chicken Stir-Fry, Cabbage, Coconut rice, and Thai Iced-Tea.

The dumplings were pretty, but that's where the positives ended. They were made from a tapioca flour, but were extremely gummy. The filling also lacked flavor and so we were off to a bad start. The chicken curry was pretty good and complex, so that was a plus. The stir fry had far too much sliced ginger, and this overpowered the dish completely. The cabbage was the main highlight and had a great sweet and salty mix with the palm sugar and fish oil. The coconut rice was nice and had little pieces of cooked coconut and was a great pairing for the dishes. The iced tea was a hit and I would order it again. 

I can tell there is passion coming from the kitchen, the vegetables were all extremely fresh, and the owner makes it a point to greet the patrons. But, overall the dishes just didn't have the wow factor for me. We also made a note in the reservation that we were celebrating a birthday and received no mention of that fact. We are big foodies and eat at top Philly restaurants multiple times a week, so we didn't treat it as a special occasion per se, but a happy birthday would have been appreciated.

Overall:
Chicken Dumpling 1/5
Chicken Curry 3/5
Chicken Stir Fry 3/5
Cabbage 4/5
Thai Iced Tea 4/5
Came here for a special occasion a couple weeks ago. Have been reading all the reviews and was pretty excited to check it out finally!

Nice combination of indoor and outdoor seating. Staff were super nice and very attentive. One person had a shellfish allergy and they were able to go through every dish and knew exactly what was in it. Really showed that they know their food, super impressive! I also had called earlier on the phone to see if having a shellfish allergy was a death sentence coming here but again, the person on the phone was super knowledgeable. 

Now the food. Had the minced chicken dumplings. Very pretty, quite delicious and unique. Only 5 tiny dumplings and it cost quite a bundle though. Then had the sliced beef salad. While I appreciate that they don't adjust the spice level for most of their dishes since that's part of how the dish tastes, they didn't give a spice level for the salads. it was just FULL of peppers. Legitimately too spicy to eat for my compatriot. Flavor was nice when you could get by the spice to taste it. Had the pork belly entree which was a mixed bag. The sauce was delicious but the cuts of pork were SO fatty. This might be a thing specific to Thai food but it was just too much for me to eat. Sautéed mushrooms were the highlight of the meal and were absolutely delicious. Nice sauce, well cooked. Also the deserts were fantastic. We had a panna cotta and home made push pop (who would have thought?). Both were light, delicious and unique. 

I really wanted to be blown away. Maybe I had hyped it up too much for myself, maybe the prices were too high, or maybe some things were just too spicy for my taste, but we walked away not super blown away. Still a solid thai place with some stand out items worth checking out.
This is by far my new favorite neighborhood Thai restaurant. The most interesting flavors, so fresh. So good. Menu is different than your regular place. 
Not too much for the vegan vegetarian friends tho
Really love this new spot in my old neighborhood and it makes me want to come back! A place that doesn't adjust their spice level is legit!
I had the shaw muong, which was a special of the night. They were these delicious flower tapioca dumplings that were so delicious and seasoned. The highlight of the evening was our entree, the tom yum soup. This was enough to feed two people for sure but we did need extra rice! I loved how the fish, mushrooms and veggie servings were generous, the soup was spicy and flavorful and perfect to taste. I could eat this all over again!!
We've been here six or seven times, and after a couple of months away, we came back for a pre-birthday dinner. We loved it the first few times, and the food is still sort of what it was when it opened. But:
--They've rearranged the tables so it's more crowded... less than a foot between tables.
--The food was much saltier than I recall
--We ordered an app, salad, and entree, and everything was delivered within 15 minutes, even before we had finished the dishes already on our table. Annoying to feel pressed, even if the server cheerfully announced she was bringing us "gifts of deliciousness."

The food is still pretty good, and different than the usual Thai you'll find elsewhere; not as good as it was months ago after it opened. Worth a shot for that. It's unique in Philly. Your table neighbors will hear everything you're saying and vice versa; and, perhaps when they say it's all served "family style," they mean they're just going to bring it all out at once despite delineations in the menu.

It used to be a good neighborhood spot where we enjoyed half a dozen relaxed and delicious meals. When the three courses of saltier-than-usual food is delivered in 15 minutes, there's little space to move, and maybe 40 minutes later you've spent $75-80 dollars for two, I'll probably go elsewhere for a more relaxed evening despite the unique food. I'm afraid the shine is off the apple for us.
Um....why have I not been here before today? Wow. Literally, just....wow. This is one of my favorite meals I've had in Philly in a long time. From start to finish the staff were incredibly friendly and knowledgeable, Covid precautions were taken very seriously, everything was pristinely clean, outdoor tables had individual propane heaters, and the food....oh mylanta the food was TO DIE FOR. Every dish we had was on point. BYOB which helps diners keep the cost down too. 

Highlights of our meal included:
1) Tom Yum Kalaya (Spicy & sour lemongrass soup with jumbo river prawns, barramundi, assorted mushrooms, shallot, chili jam, evaporated milk, culantro, cilantro, kaffir lime leaves & dried chilis -- served with Thai jasmine rice)
2) Pad Thai Goong Pu (Pad Thai noodles with jumbo lump crabmeat & jumbo prawns, beansprouts, chives, tofu, egg, peanuts, chili flake & sweet radish)
3) Nua Pad Luk Phak Chee (Stir-fried beef with coriander seed, palm sugar, fish sauce -- served with jasmine rice) ***#1 HIGHLIGHT OF THE MEAL***

We had 3 more dishes on top of this and ordered entirely too much food, but it was still so reasonably priced (and we have lots of leftovers). I cannot wait to come back to Kalaya (and bring every guest who comes to visit with me). Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Kalaya is a small but busy restaurant, try to get a reservation ahead of time if you can!

My friends and I split many dishes together, and all of them were phenomenal. The fusion of flavors in every dish is well balanced and everything is very unique as well. The dumplings were similar to sticky rice buns, which I did not expect. The baked shrimp with glass noodles had super flavorful noodles and came with a nice fish sauce mixture. The curry was spicy and went well with the coconut rice - which happened to be my favorite part of the meal. The rice was so good we had to order more! 

I will 100% be back here and recommend coming here for a great thai fusion experience.
This is Thai food likely unlike any you've had before in the U.S. The prices are high, but the experience is fantastic with each taste being remarkably refreshing and delicious. I would highly recommend this curry - with the biggest shrimp I've ever seen that was cooked so soft that it tastes like lobster.
This might just be my new favorite place in Philly. Not just my favorite Thai restaurant, but my favorite restaurant period. It's not just the warm and inviting staff (including the owner who visits each table), but the dishes themselves are bright, bold and beautiful. They've got the right amount of spice to let you know there's some heat there with every bite without obliterating your taste buds. 

You really can't go wrong here, whether it's the chicken curry which is a house favorite or the crispy monkfish bathed in tumeric, the first bite of which I still can't get out of my head. There's also the crab Rangoon appetizer which is creamy yet crispy, and spicy yet sweet all at once. Do not miss these. And then of course order many more dishes because you'll want to share them all.
Pretty legit Thai food, very close to its traditional roots with its flavor. 
Tom Yum Kalaya is not the typical Tom yum dish or soup, a lot less sour taste. This is a tad creamy broth with unique spices like kafir lime leaves & cilantro. It comes with three jumbo shrimp, generous amount of white fish (baramundi). Two types of mushrooms, straw and king-oyster, gives a different texture.
Khao Pad Poo (Fried Rice with crab meat) is very good with fresh crab meat.
These were part of their takeout menu (COVID19) and I can attest to the quality and delicious flavor of the dish. I can't wait to come back for dine in experience soon.
Amazing and authentic Thai food in a cute space near the Italian market, with an extremely welcoming/kind staff/owner. The food was much different than the typical "Thai" place where we're used to eating. The ingredients tasted super fresh and unique-- I'm assuming it's because they're truly authentic. We ordered the "goong aob woon sen" baked shrimp with glass noodles, "moo hang" braised pork belly, and the wok fried cabbage. I'm looking forward to returning to try some more things on the menu. Wonderful addition to the food scene in philly.


Just wanted to add a quick FYI: the ** and *** spice levels are EXTREMELY hot (well, at least for us). So spicy, that I couldn't actually finish my food despite the great flavor. My husband ate my leftovers the next day, but even he had trouble with the spice level. PS. the coconut rice that came with my curry was delicious.
This place is phenomenal. It is a little expensive, to be fair, but the food is outstanding. We got a coconut penang curry and a tom yum soup and it was perfect for a cold night. Both dishes were nothing short of incredible - they were filling,  flavorful, and quite frankly, some of the best thai food I've had. The owners come out frequently to make sure that you are doing okay,  and they have small tableside heaters to keep things warm. They are also good about following covid precautions too. This place quite easily makes it to one of the top of my list for restaurants in philadelphia.
Think the website said the Sunday lunch hours were 11-4pm but I got there maybe around 3:10 walking up to see staff outside.  I asked the one at the door if they were open she said yeah since it was just me while they were setting up for dinner service. 

I sat inside and was given a water while I looked over the menu.  I felt bad being the only one there while they were working thru the service changeover but staff was nice.  

I started with the going chae nam pla shrimp ceviche which was good with the celery and finished with the kang gai khao mun ckn curry which had good spice and the coconut rice was sweetly good together.  

I need to come back to try the other stuff but what I had so far was a good beginning for my fave Thai spot so far
If you are a fan of Thai cuisine...then look no further than Kalaya. We had to order in, and were really impressed, so I can only imagine what the experience of their food is like sitting down in the restaurant. 

They hit just about every quality you are looking for when ordering food: packs a punch full of flavor, generously portioned, aesthetically pleasing, and so on. 

We ordered:
Shaw Muang - this was one of the most beautiful food creations I have ever eaten. It is something you HAVE to try, but these dumplings are flower-shaped and stuffed with ground chicken filling, and the dumpling itself was topped with a red chili pepper.

Sakoo Hed - these were really interesting...tapioca dumplings with shiitake mushroom & peanut filling, also topped with a red chili pepper. 

I mention the peppers because it did give the dumplings a little kick. 

For entrees, we ordered:

Kang Ghai Khao Mun - Southern style chicken curry -- served with coconut rice (pandan leave, shallot, garlic & cilantro).  This is very spicy, so be prepared if it sticks out to you! Manageable though, and its the type of spicy that doesn't take away from the flavor. This dish in particular was also rich & creamy, which cut the spice nicely. 

Hed Pad Kra Tiem - Stir-fried assorted mushrooms from Mycopolitan farm, garlic, Thai chili & soy sauce. No exaggeration - this was 3 servings worth in one plate.

Overall - I would definitely recommend eating from here. If you live near the restaurant itself, I would say eating there at least once every 1 or 2 months should be mandatory. I will admit, even with 2 apps and 2 entrees for take out, my only "proceed with caution" tale is that it is a little expensive.

One odd component that stood out, was their coconut rice. MUST TRY!!
The staff could not have been more friendly and welcoming! It's evident that they care about their guests and want them to have an amazing experience.

I really enjoyed 3/5 dishes and would order them again. The khao pad pu (fried rice with crab) was my favorite dish of the night! The pieces of crab were massive, fresh, and cooked perfectly. No taste of the sea which is how I like my seafood. The other standout dish was the coconut ice cream. Not the best I've ever had, but the chunks of mango and sticky rice mixed in gave it extra bursts of flavor and texture. I also liked the stir fried beansprout side which packed good flavor and crunch. 

The two dishes I didn't care for were the som tum salad (papaya and bean salad). It was unbearably spicy yet tasted strongly of the fish sauce. The table next to us ended up sending theirs back because of the spice level. Our server was kind enough to give us Thai iced tea on the house because it was milk based and we were STRUGGLING with the heat. I also did not love the kang som pheh sa (sour fish curry) as it just wasn't all that flavorful. To be fair, it was not one of the entrees the team recommended.
Beautifully flavored and crafted dumplings (the birds were especially cute), great curry, and other traditional Thai dishes you don't tend to see in the US. My whole party was a big fan.

Service was good, friendly, fast. Good, cozy ambience, felt safe in covid time.

Would return anytime
We live in the neighborhood and are so happy to have this restaurant, it is truly a treasure and one of the best in Philadelphia! The food is fresh, healthy, authentic, and the best Thai food we have ever eaten! 

The chef is highly acclaimed, and well respected in the community. Her efforts during the pandemic to support her staff, the neighborhood, and the general Philadelphia community have been heroic. 

When we called to ask about my daughters tree nut allergy, she personally called us back on her cell phone and walked the order out to us when we picked it up, explaining how everything had been kept safe. We are biased, but we think it's the best food, chef, and restaurant in Philadelphia!
This is the BEST Thai restaurant I've ever tried, including all of my favorite spots in New York City! The food here is truly authentic Thai cuisine - I've even gotten the stamp of approval from my Thai friend whose family owns a Thai restaurant. Authenticity also means that this place already serves its food with a baseline level of spice, so just make sure that you're prepared to take on some spice! The restaurant cannot spice down and can only spice up upon request. I even witnessed an elderly couple with a table full of food get up to move over to the Italian restaurant next door after one bit of their spicy dish. 

I also start my meal with some refreshing, sweet Thai Iced Tea. My favorite appetizer is the Sakoo Sai Hed, their award-winning shiitake mushroom tapioca dumplings! I've never had tapioca dumplings before, but I fell in love with the soft, chewy texture of these dumplings. The size of these dumplings is just big enough for you to fit it all into your mouth for one bite to experience the full combination of flavors. A prettier version of these dumplings is their Shaw Muang, flower-shaped chicken dumplings. The Laab Ped is a light, refreshing duck salad with some hints of spice. 

My favorite entree is the Chu Chee Hoi Shell, their scallop curry. They originally listed it as a special, but I think it might be a regular item on their menu now (or for the time being). I also love their Kang Pu Pak Tai, crab curry, and the Khao Pad Pu, crab fried rice. While I regularly order those three entrees, I always include a few new entrees to my order every time, and basically, every single dish has blown me away. Make sure to finish off your meal with one of their desserts, such as the Thai Iced Tea Ice Cream dessert, which has ice cream on top of some sticky coconut rice. 

The service is great as well, and I always leave Kalaya feeling extremely satisfied. While the price is on the higher end for Thai cuisine, I think this restaurant is definitely worth it!
This place was very delicious especially the tom yum soup (enough to serve 2) and the stir-fried cabbage. I love spicy food and most places are usually mild with their thai chilis, but the 3 chilli peppers dishes here are very perfectly spicy.
Definitely the best Thai food I've ever had.   The branzino was amazing.  The sauce was awesome.   You can drink the sauce in comes in like soup.  It's delicious!  The chicken curry was solid but what made it was the rice that came with it.   The cabbage was the best I've ever had.   Do yourself a favor and don't miss out on this gem!
tl;dr sophisticated unabashedly authentic, this spot serves up probably the best Thai cuisine in Philly

If die-hard foodies and weekend warriors alike have been raving about a restaurant, can it still be considered a hidden gem? On the cusp of the Italian Market, Kalaya is a chic take on authentic Thai food. My partner and I popped in for a last-minute reservation, the Friday before COVID shut down the country. The minimalistic decor, with exposed ductwork, whitewashed walls, and plain metal chairs was a stark contrast to the traditional aromas wafting throughout the space. Our server popped open our BYOB wine and helped us to curate a coherent multi-course experience.

We began our journey with the Sakoo Hed, vibrant purple tapioca dumplings with a mochi-esque texture. The rich mushroom-peanut sported had pleasantly bitter undertones and a hint of spice. Up next was the Pad Prik King Hed, tofu and mushroom curry that avoided the gummy texture pitfall and achieved a meaty mouthfeel with a lingering warmth in both flavor and spice. For our entree, we decided on the Mieng Pla Kra-Pong, a whole-friend bronzino in a banana leaf with both sweet and spicy sauces on the side. Chef and owner Chutatip "Nok" Suntaranon prepped our fish tableside herself. On the side, we opted for the Kalum Tod Nam Pla, cabbage stir-fried in fish sauce. The aroma of these dishes transported me back to the streets of Thailand; the flavors, meanwhile, showcased the premium ingredients and culinary expertise of our chef. Finally, our meal concluded with pineapple and lime panna cotta. Without being overwhelmingly sweet, the tartness of the fruit topping was a perfect complement to the rich coconut-vanilla base.

As with any premium restaurant, expect to pay some premium prices (albeit, substantially less than the expensive-to-be-expensive spots throughout Rittenhouse and Old City). And, to be fair, this is a review of Kalaya dine-in, pre-COVID. However, if Nok's to-go dishes are even half as good as dine-in, then Kayala should be at the top of your pandemic culinary adventures. Definitely get the real deal here before settling for watered-down Thai takeout anywhere else.
I had always been pretty excited to try this place out and when a friend of mine had this place in mind for dinner, I was instantly happy. Gonna keep this one short and sweet, the menu isn't overpriced, the ambiance and staff are very welcoming and the food is just out of this world. As a chef I get it when they don't allow you to make tweaks to the recipes they hold in such high regards. Food at the end of the day may be for the guests to enjoy, but it's also the chefs interpretations. Had the dumplings duck salad and branzino, absolutely amazing better and better with each course. I will be returning very soon. I can't see how anyone could give a negative review of such amazing food
Wonderful addition to the food scene in philly. Amazing and authentic Thai food in a cute space near the Italian market, with an extremely welcoming/kind staff/owner. The food was much different than the typical "Thai" place where we're used to eating. The ingredients tasted super fresh and unique-- I'm assuming it's because they're truly authentic. We ordered the "goong aob woon sen" baked shrimp with glass noodles, "moo hang" braised pork belly, and the wok fried cabbage. I'm looking forward to returning to try some more things on the menu.
Yum!!

While visiting my cousin in Philly, we came here for dinner. She'd made reservations about a week in advance for a Saturday night, so we were able to be seated immediately in a v. busy restaurant.

It's BYOB so we brought a bottle of white wine, which they kept on ice for us.

For our meal, we got fish sauce wings, a spiced beef curry, eggplant, and the branzino. We asked for the coconut rice and received free refills every time we finished a bowl. 

The wings were really moreish and I was that nasty b*itch loudly sucking on the bones because I couldn't get enough.

The fish was definitely the stand out of the meal. It was filleted tableside and the lime and chilli pepper sauce was so bright and savory and awesome. The eggplant was well-seasoned and tender. The beef was actually pretty spicy, which I appreciated.

For dessert we had mango sticky rice and panna cotta. The panna cotta was silky and good, but not my favorite; it was a bit too thick and gelatinous for my taste. The mango sticky rice was decent, but having just returned from a trip to Thailand, my standards are probably skewed a bit too high right now.

Staff are really sweet and attentive but not overbearing. I genuinely recommend a visit.
Grabbing tons of takeout for a birthday gathering from Kalaya is probably one of my favorite memories from 2021. For 9 people, getting just about one of every type of thing on the menu was the best decision. The coconut rice was a group favorite, lightly sweet and coming in a pretty big container. Between different spice levels of goat, fish, chicken, and beef curries, everything I tried gave me different depths of flavor and texture. My favorite was the goat curry- amazing, spicy and super tender. 

The dumplings are really a work of art as well- although the flavors aren't super intense, they look great on the plate. So I would stick more to the main dishes and curries. 

Grab a group, have everyone pick a dish and share! Although the food boxes look small, once on the plate, there was plenty to go around and more for leftovers
The ingredients are so fresh and everything is exquisitely prepared- it's unparalleled. Not only is their food astonishing delicious, but they are amazingly generous members of our community- I will never forget their kindness to those in need. No joke, their food literally saved my aunt's life. She is seriously ill with chemo, and the coconut rice is the only thing she's been eating. Do yourself a favor and experience sincere and expert hospitality at this gem of a restaurant.
This is my second visit to Kalaya Thai, and a testament to its quality is that my friend who grinds his own spices at home to make Thai curry recommended it to me. They don't adjust their spice level, but the dishes are so much better for him. I've tried to Tom Yum soup, the appetizer of tapioca dumplings, the crab meat curry, wok fried cabbage, eggplant, and the prawn noodles.  Everything here is prepared with the most care and fresh ingredients, with a totally satisfying combination o flavors. My goal is to come back and try everything on the menu. It's not cheap, but definitely worth it.
I tried this restaurant for the first time tonight.  I've walked by a few times and saw that it's quite busy there.   I wanted a quick meal after the gym and being late, I figured I might be able to get a seat.   Since I was dining alone I was able to observe the service level.  The service is exceptional. It was a perfect orchestration of movement and harmony.   The staff is friendly, well groomed and well dressed.  I'd have to say the dishes all look perfectly plated and the Kang Poo Pak Tai I ordered was the perfect balance crab protein, curry, and spice.   Kudos and thank you.   I will return.
If you like spicy food, this is the place for you! However, if you don't, if you're looking for your standard Thai food, Kalaya is not what you are looking for. 

Kalaya has the most authentic Thai food that I have had since moving to Philadelphia. Last night, I went with two of my girlfriends and we decided to share the: 

- Sakoo Sai Hed (tapioca dumplings with shiitake mushroom & peanut filling, red chili & lettuce)
- Mom's Khao Yum Kamin (Southern Thai rice salad with toasted coconut, dried shrimp, chili flakes, seasonal vegetables, and fermented fish topped with a caramelized palm sugar dressing)
- Kang Gai Khao Mun (chicken curry with cilantro, pandan & coconut rice)
- Moo Pad Kapi
(wok fried pork with shrimp paste, onions, scallions, long hots & red chili). 

Let me start off by saying that everything was amazing. Now, I am somebody who can handle a good amount of spice, as long as it doesn't take away from the flavor of the dish.  That is just what these dishes did. One of my friends I was not that into spicy food, and she still liked everything. That being said, the chicken curry and pork were definitely spicier than we expected they would be for being 2/4 and 1/4 on their spicy scale respectively.  However, I want to emphasize that the flavors of all of these dishes were still really great and the spice in no way took away from that, it just meant that you might want a little bit more rice and water to cool your mouth off in between bites.
Yikes. The first time I ate at this place, it had been open for about 6 months. The food was to die for. Easily the best Thai I have ever had, with deep flavors and fresh ingredients. Every bit was amazing....which is sadly not true anymore. 

Please, please do not do takeout from here. Save your money. I don't know if they have different people in the kitchen but the food has gone incredibly downhill. The depth of flavor is gone. Remember all those articles about how they would spend 4 days making this sauce or 3 days pickling veggies for that dish? That is what I mean by depth and it just seems to have vanished. The coconut rice is stale, a bit congealed and now way too sweet. The cabbage is mush and just tastes like fish sauce. The dumplings taste like you could could get them at any Thai place and a lot cheaper too. My family reports that the only thing consistently good is their famous chicken curry. 

My family also ate there in person in March - similar experience. I was hoping that was a re-opening issue and they had ironed it out. Sadly not the case. If you are determined to try it, go in person so at least you can send your food back if you need too. I'm so sad about this, I used to rave about this place to everyone!
They r way over price for their entree, and is doesn't taste that good! Is ridiculous that they charge that much! Very disappointed! And I ordered a whole fish last time I was there it was so blend! I will not be returning! My husband is from Thailand I have been to so many Thai restaurant that taste way better than kalaya, with a very reasonable price!
It's such a rarity to see an authentic Thai restaurant in Philly, and my family and I decided to try this place out for an early Mother's Day dinner on Saturday night. For those who are curious to try this place out, the restaurant is quite cozy, so PLEASE call ahead or make reservations. We had an 8:15 p.m. reservation, and we still had to wait an additional 30 minutes. This restaurant is also a B.Y.O.B.

The evening started out with the Goong chae nam pla - a ceviche-style shrimp with a spicy slaw and bitter melon, and we also sampled the Tod Min Pla - homemade fish cakes. The shrimp ceviche is a must try - extremely spicy and citrusy with a hit of fish sauce. The tod min pla was strongly flavored with lemongrass; unfortunately, the fish cakes were much too salty for my liking, I did not like these at all. 

We also ordered a few entrees to share: 

Kang poo pak tai - This crab meat curry was DELICIOUS. They are really generous with the jumbo lump crab meat, and the coconut curry was paired beautifully with the thin vermicelli noodles, bean sprouts, cucumbers and hot peppers. I wish we were able to have more noodles - the curry to noodle ratio was very small. 

Kua kling nua - This was a dry ground beef stir fry with hot peppers and curry. This was quite spicy. 

Kang gai khao mun - This was a coconut chicken curry with a similar flavor to the kang poo pak tai. The coconut chicken curry was served with a sweet coconut rice. 

Moo pad kapi - This is a wok fried pork dish with shrimp paste. The sliced pork was flavorful and tender. 

Sticky rice - We ordered a side order of sticky rice in banana leaves. It was presented in a cute little container, but the sticky rice was unfortunately too hard. 

I am pleased to support women-owned businesses, and the partners are were so welcoming and genuine. The service was outstanding, and despite how busy it was, we never felt rushed. We enjoyed the flavors and spices of each dish, and you can tell each dish was made with love.
All I can say is "wow". This food was out of this world good. By far the best Thai food I have had. This is not your ordinary Thai food. 
I got the crab curry, which was lump crab meat in a spicy creamy coconut sauce over vermicelli noodles with cucumber and cabbage. The only downfall was the lack of vermicelli noodles. The waitress gave us coconut rice to finish the curry, which was also a perfect pair. Even the rice was extremely flavorful with a hint of sweetness. 
The tapioca dumplings were different and delicious. The dumpling wrapper was thicker than expected. The filling was peanuty and delicious. 
The service was extremely friendly. Will definitely be back for more, my new go to Thai restaurant
Wow, what great flavors and selections! Pretty different from your typical Thai restaurant, but in a good, fresh, new way. The usual suspects of pad thai and such aren't on the menu, but instead there are some great dishes served with rice (with the spice levels on certain ones, you need it!), and they're great about food allergies such as gluten for my wife.

We went for dinner one evening and had a great meal from start to finish! To start, we got pork dumplings and a duck salad. Dumplings were fine, but I'd probably try something else next time. The duck salad was delicious, and there was a lot of it! It was on the spicy side, but every bite was awesome.

For our main dishes, we ordered wok fried monkfish and pork, and both of those were amazing as well! The flavors were on point, and it was cooked perfectly - the pork was tender, and the monkfish had great texture. I would have either or both again!

For dessert, we had coconut panna cotta with pineapple, which was also very good - smooth, just enough sweetness to not be overwhelming, and it went great with the pineapple!

Not a cheap place, but the food quality is definitely there, and service is great as well! We'll be back!
I was excited to try this place, since Philly has not had the caliber of authentic (or closer to authentic?) Thai restaurants that I've explored elsewhere like NYC. The place received a lot of love from critics last year, and even Eric Wareheim had an enthusiastic Insta post. I already previewed the menu and am always willing to shell $$ for food that is worth it, but...I feel like I got in past their prime opening months. 

The ingredients and preparation are clearly of higher quality than your typical Thai restaurants here. It's the price and associated expectations where things fell short. For comparable prices to famed Thai restaurants I have visited, Kalaya's flavors were relatively muted and catered to a more general palate. 

The Massaman curry that I ordered, inspired by Wareheim's rave about a similar one earlier in the year and how good it was even in comparison to LA Thai food, was over-salted and didn't have enough of the complexity that I was expecting. The Mom's Khao Yum Kamin, which a Philly critic described in delicious detail, tasted unbalanced and lacked nuance - where I was expecting an explosion of flavor from the array of interesting ingredients, like toasted coconut and dried shrimps, ended up tasting like the flavors had dissipated before landing in the dish. 

My favorite was probably the tapioca dumplings (Sakoo Sai Moo), which delivered a satisfying chewy texture and delicious savory filling. However, at more than $3 a piece and coming from an Asian background where similar starchy dumplings are 10x cheaper, I wanted a little more. For one thing, the tables are extremely cramped for a restaurant where dishes are priced at the more upscale range.  Even a quiet conversation is completely audible to your neighbors. 

Kalaya is definitely the best Thai food I have tried in Philly so far, but this is in comparison to your average Thai places since Philly does not seem to have experienced a renaissance in Thai food yet. And having been spoiled by good Thai food elsewhere at similar or more affordable prices, I'd be hard-pressed to return.
Wow, just spectacular. After reading about their James Beard nomination for best new restaurant, we had to go.  We started with Kanom Jeeb and Sakoo Moo appetizers; the Sakoo Moo was one of the best things I've ever eaten. For dinner we had the Kant Ghai plate, which is meant for two. It was the perfect balance since I don't like spice and my husband does, and this had one of each plus rice and cabbage sides. 


The Kang Ghai Plate includes KANG GHAI KHAO MUN (Southern style chicken curry) and NUA PAD LUK PHAK CHEE (Stir-fried beef with coriander seed, palm sugar, fish sauce) and KALUM TOD NAM PLA  (Stir-fried cabbage in fish sauce & palm sugar). Everything was phenomenal.

For dessert there was only one option - coconut sticky rice with fresh mango- but it's the only option you need. The mango was unbelievably fresh and it tastes just like the dish I had on the island of Koh Lanta in Thailand.

Our server, Lindsay, we wonderful. I have a number of food allergies and can't have too much spice, and she was extremely helpful in making recommendations. Everyone was very attentive including the owner/chef who was constantly checking on tables. We were very well taken care of! We will absolutely be back!
Kalaya prides itself on authenticity and I will say that it is unlike any other Thai food I have had in Philadelphia. I am so glad that this restaurant decided to make a bold move to leave traditional dishes unaltered.  What a treat all around! 

Everything was so delicious and special as others have already reviewed. The item that sticks with me is the sakoo sai hed - was not what I was expecting from a dumpling, but I LOVED this. It had a mochi-like skin and was the perfect little bite of sweet and umami. 

One thing of note - it gets very loud in here when they are at max capacity, so I would not bring a party any larger than 4.
We had a great evening trying Kalaya, which just recently opened in the Italian Market area! A couple of things to note, the space is small and quite tight, but that was not an issue for us, and every table was filled! It's also BYOB and your server can put anything cold on ice. 

For our meal we started with the toong tong, which was delicious and crispy and had a really nice spice and flavor. 

For our entrees, my SO had the kang gai khao mun, a chicken curry, and I had the moo pad Kari, wok fried pork with a side of coconut rice. Both were really good (and spicy a promised)!

The owners, My-Lee and Nok were both very hands-on, talking with customers and welcoming! We'll definitely be back, and we'll likely make a reservation next time.
