I had an idea, to get together over some spicy delights. Last Friday's plan, was to make some of us Yelpers- me included, appreciate Indian cuisine. 10 adventurous foodies gathered to sample some spicy food, with an Indian cuisine Virgin... Nando!

We got there few minutes before our reservation, and the hostess,Danielle, smiled and welcomed us warmly. First thing I notice, was the lack of the typical Elephant paintings, or the Taj Mahal pictures on the wall. Yet, I could feel the Indian vibe. 

We were told that the dinner special was one glass of house wine, one appetizer, and one entrée from the menu. Our choices had to be either chicken or vegetable. Still it was a lot of choices. Danielle told us they don't serve pork or beef. I believe most authentic Indian restaurants don't serve beef, because cow is sacred in Indian. Karma is %100 Halal, that's why they don't serve pork. 

Right after we put in our dinner orders, two baskets of poppadum came to our table, with some chutney. I liked the herbal green one (made of mint.)  I didn't try the red spicy one, but I could tell that everyone enjoyed it. 

While we were munching on the poppadum, our appetizers came out. I ordered the vegetable samosa, they were crispy stuffed triangle flour turnover, stuffed with potatoes and peas. However, I was a little bit disappointed, the samosa lacked some kind of spices, they certainly tasted bland and dry. I'm not a stranger to Indian cuisine, and I'm used to super spicy samosa. This one had no taste, even with the mint chutney that I asked for. Vince S. ordered the Chicken 65, he love it, I tried it and I didn't think it was spicy. Nando F. enjoyed his Aloo Samosa Chaat, and I thought it was really good, the yogurt added some taste to the samosa! 

My Chicken Biryani was pretty spot on!!! It was served hot, both temperature 
and spice wise. The rice was cooked perfectly, the chicken was tender, and the mild yogurt dip (rita) was a nice contrast as usual. I had a bite of the Butter Chicken and Chicken Xacuti, I'm afraid that I didn't care much for either. 

Few more pieces of info:
- We all had slightly different tastes for the spice level we chose. Some of us were unsatisfied of what we received. So, be aware when you order you spices!
- The service was great and everyone tend to be friendly. I didn't see any empty water glasses. 
- The on-the-house treat ( Gulab Jamun ) was highly appreciated. Thank you, Rony!
- Easy-to-order, set menu ,and nice lunch buffet - for those who like buffets!
- Karma was very clean and simple restaurant, despite the slightly dim lighting and the tight seating.
- I was torn between three and four stars here and I am taking the fourth away - for now- because the hit or miss flavors.


From now on, Karma  will satisfy Biryani my craving!

"I saw that"
That's what karma said
Three and half Yelps- for now
So happy we finally discovered this neighborhood gem! 

Even though Karma is in the midst of building out its new location, it's been open for takeout... takeout that we have now enjoyed multiple times in just a few short weeks because it's so good - and because the people are so nice! 

We have had a few go to Indian spots in each of the cities we have lived in, but I have to say Karma quickly has topped the ranks. We have had a number of dishes, apps and naan - and everything has been top notch. Since we have been in Philly, I've had some mediocre tandoori chicken and chicken tikka - but Karma has exceeded my expectations. I love the flavor of the rice that many dishes are served with without the surprise of the actual pods of cardamom (which I don't love). We even had a friend who doesn't like samosas say that he loved theirs - that is a pretty great compliment if you ask me! 

When things are more "normal" - whatever that may mean - we can't wait to do more than takeout. They've quickly become such a favorite that I expect our fondness to grow even more.
You know in Mortal Kombat when you pull off a combo and the narrator voice goes "Outstanding!".  I kept hearing that in my head today as I tried the different items on the buffet.

This is a great little place that I stumbled into only because the other places on the block weren't open until to dinner.  Its got an intimate, cultured atmosphere that makes you forget you're in Philly for a minute.

I only tried the lunch buffet, and it was "outstanding!".   Its very vegi-heavy but theres some chicken choices as well.  (They don't do cow here).   Theres a lot of healthy options on the buffet, and everything was fresh and tasted great.

Great place to eat by yourself on lunch break, take a date, or the whole group.  Can't go wrong.

Outstanding! Flawless culinary.
I was in the mood for Indian food, and decided to try this place, based on the positive reviews.  I had high expectations, only to be woefully disappointed.  This is not Indian food!  One of the WORST "Indian" restaurant we've ever been to, and definitely the worst we've been to in PA.  

The Butter Chicken was SWEET - ew!  The sauce tasted like barbecue sauce.  The Chicken Tikka tasted bland and fake, like it was from one of those bottles in the grocery store.  The only thing that tasted good here was the naan.  And how bad can you screw that up?

This places tastes like someone not familiar with Indian food is making what they think Indian food is.  Great for people who are afraid of real ethnic food, and want something Americanized and "safe".  For those of us who know what Indian food should taste like, this was gross, over-hyped and overpriced.  Avoid.
They did everything right here, from the food to the space to the service. I came in on a rainy Sunday night and the restaurant was fairly empty but I decided to sit and eat at the bar up front instead of sheltering myself in the back dining area. 

The bar up front is perfectly placed for a pre-dinner cocktail while you wait for a table to open up but it was also comfy enough for me to establish myself there for almost two full hours. I never felt rushed once during my leisurely dinner, on the contrary, I really enjoyed chatting with the staff and owner. 

I asked for an off-menu cocktail made with pomegranate liquor, had a glass of merlot with my lamb korma, and finished with a orange mojito. The cocktails were delicious, the first was fruity but crisp and the second was sweet and denser. I really liked that it wasn't a crowded night so I could ask for recommendations at the bar instead of ordering something quick and everyone was very friendly and happy to answer questions and provide more detail on the menu offerings.

The red wine paired very nicely with the lamb dish which was in a creamy, flavorful gravy. I'm glad I ordered the medium level for spice because it was just enough to give the dish a kick without making me start to sweat. 

The presentation of the dishes was really nicely done, the korma and rice came in separate bowls that looked like aged pewter and then a plate to mix everything together. I feel like spooning out servings to myself helped me eat more slowly and appreciate the meal more. 

I took a quick look around the rest of the restaurant. The back area is really very cozy and quiet which would have been perfect if I were in a more solitary mood. They have a great upstairs area with another bar, long seating arrangements, and a private room, appropriately called the "Elephant Room" after a large mural. It's all designed nicely with more emphasis on the color and pattern than cluttering the space with kitschy decorations. I look forward to coming back with more friends in the future.
Went there on Saturday Oct 30th 2010. Will not forget the experience.
I went there with 2 female friends of mine. As a guy, all I concentrated on was the food. Which was delicious! Hence the 1 star. The decor was also good. Hence another star. And then it all went downhill.
The guys were leering at the 2 ladies I came with as if it's the 1st time they'd seen women. The guy from the inside the kitchen had his eyes fixated on them, just staring away! The waiters would repeatedly glance at them every time for longer than acceptable, and even I saw them checking the girls up-and-down all the way when they were at the buffet table getting their food. They felt very uncomfortable and had lost their appetite, as had I being considerably enraged at all that was going on, but the food smelled good and we were all pretty hungry, so we started eating after a while. I don't know if other females have had this happen, but this behavior is ridiculous and totally unacceptable! READ: TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE!! Period. I've worked as a waiter during my college days and know better how to act at a restaurant.
I went to speak to someone, and just asked for the manager's or the owner's number to make a complaint. I was given a card by the gentleman (who only later identified himself as Bonyson Dourado, the manager) and on the card was the manager's phone number. I voiced my concern to the manager and he apologized profusely. However, we ended up paying for the bill then, and didn't leave a tip. Comping the buffet on the house, or giving us 50% off would've been a nice gesture but oh well, we know better than to go there now! I spoke to another friend about this, and she told me her cousin had actually worked there for 2 months before being sexually harassed and quit. Long story but yeah...you get the gist of the place now. 
So once again, great food. Would recommend ppl to go there if it's an all-guys group. Don't bring your women! I'm not returning that's for damn sure.
Hell yeah...We stopped in here while walking by for their $11.95 all-you-can-eat buffet lunch. It was delicious!...And if you're a vegetarian, you'll dig this place as there are many options...But I'm not, so I had ample portions of lamb and chicken...You'll get your money's worth here at the buffet if you come hungry and just drink water...Quick responsive staff as well...DO IT...There are bigger tables in the back if you want to have a birthday dinner...plus a bar for drinkies...
Very nice place for our UYE last Friday night.  10 brave souls ventured out after a laborious week to enjoy each other's company and some good grub.  Karma was the choice of our up and coming unofficial social director, Sari (Another great job!). 

The space was a little tight in the back of the house on a long table next to the lunch buffet table and hot plates, but with the glass of wine that came with our $20 three course dinner had us forgetting our surroundings as we caught up with our Yelphriends and new initiates.  True, that the cuisine is somewhat secondary to our passion for each other, but we are "foodies" to a greater or lesser degree, and we are aware of what we eat.  

So, tonight had its good points and some of the other kind as well.  My Veggie Samosa was quite good with good mashed curried potatoes, peas and onion is a lightly fried dough with good tamarind dipping sauce.  One was enough for me.  My Chicken Xacuti had a nice coconut milk based sauce, but with somewhat dry overcooked Chicken.  The Naan/Garlic Naan were very thin, but tasty and capable of holding both the pinched main course and the superior Coconut Curry bath it came in.

The regrettable shock of the evening was tasting my buddy's Taj Mahal Indian Beer.  It was downright skunky, like it had been left in the heat for far too long and only chilled at the last minute.  Management took it off his check, but the damage to the  taste buds was not as easily mended.  

Overall, a decent meal, but one that was not as good as many nearby Indian houses can provide, although our camaraderie made up for much of its shortcomings.
I've been meaning to go to Karma for some time now (Sorry it took so long Bobby!). As soon as my friend and i walked in we were greater with a smile. If theres one thing i'll remember its the great customer service they have here. Everyone is so nice and willing to make your dining experience as enjoyable as possible. 

We sat down and each order a martini (i the mango and my friend the passion fruit). the mango martini was definitely better. 

Our dinner order:
- 1 order of naan (which is HUGE!) i have never gotten naan that size before! Amazing. 
- 1 order of chicken tikka masala (chicken was cooked just right and enough curry for endless naan dipping) :p
- 1 karma fish fry (south indian styled fried fish-just like my mom makes it) 
- complementary order of basmati rice which comes with the chicken tikka 

So much food and it was all delicious. Presentation is very nice and we had enough for leftovers. 

Overall the place isn't as big as most of the other restaurants in the area and the decor could use an update. Also where we were sitting the lighting was very dim and dark. But these are all just aesthetics! Food is on point
Service is on point 

Thanks again!
In my arrogance, I demanded they make my chicken tikka masala super spicy.
They blew away my expectations and rendered unto me a brutal spice assault that my colon will not soon forget. If you think other Indian places are too tame, this is the place for you. 

The onion kulcha is really great.
The food at Karma was pretty good, but I was very unimpressed with the service.

First, we had to stand by the bar for almost ten minutes before someone would even acknowledge us. When they finally sat us (20 minutes later than the time we made our reservation for) we had to wait even longer for our waiter.

Our waiter finally came and took our order, but it took forever to get our drinks. in fact, our appetizers came out before we even got our drinks.

When the food arrived, the food runner dropped off our plates but didn't bring us the bread we'd ordered. it took another 10 minutes to get our bread, and by that time, we were done eating.

After waiting for a long time to get our waiter's attention, I was finally able to snag him and ask for more water. He ran back with a pitcher and filled only my glass, then ran off, even though the glasses of all three of my friends were empty as well.

I won't be returning.
Karma, why did you have to move a block from my office AND start offering the best lunch deal in town? For about $11 you get a chicken dish, a vegetarian side (love the lentils!), naan and dessert. Occasionally a random other thing. The food and service is fantastic. The lunch special is a little sporadic (will there be a second side? Will I get a plate?) but that's minor compared to the quality overall. Once they find their footing in their new location I'm sure they will continue to be fantastic.
Don't be deceived by the night-club look from outside, this is an Indian restaurant. My companion and I had the thali lunch special here -- authentic, delicious, satisfying, and inexpensive! It includes a soup, an appetizer, and a thali-style full lunch, which is really filling. Not many people dine here during lunch hours on weekends, which is a nice thing, with quiet space and short wait for food.

Their dinner menu is on the pricy side and the reviews on Yelp are not consistent, so I will see when I come back next time.
I recently dined at Karma with a group of 10 Yelpers and friends for a UYE dinner. The service has to be mentioned first since they did such a great job. I'm sure the service would have been great with a small group, but it was excellent with a large group and that really goes a long way in my opinion. 

 Many us, myself included, took advantage of the dinner special. $20 gets you an appetizer, an entrée and a glass of house wine/bottle of beer. You can pick any appetizer and entrée off the menu as long as it was chicken or vegetarian. There were so many options I didn't feel limited in the least! They also had several different drink options. There were multiple whites, reds and even Yards IPA was included for the beer that evening. 

I opted for a glass of Sauvignon blanc, the Tandoori Gobhi and the Chicken Madras. The Tandoori Gobhi was baked cauliflower florets coated with a special marinade. The marinade wasn't spicy and wasn't overly marinated into the cauliflower. It was okay but not overly exciting. At least I was eating a vegetable and vegetables are healthy, right? I ordered the Chicken Madras between a spicy and very spicy level. It turned out to not be overly spicy at all. The flavor was still nice and the portion was decent, but I wasn't overly impressed by it. 

I also tried some of the Papadum and Garlic Naan we ordered for the table. I thought they were both tasty and to standard of what could be expected of those items. For dessert we each received a complimentary Gulab Jamun (thanks for getting us hooked up Sari A!). This was the first Gulab Jamun I've ever tried and I really enjoyed the deep-fried donut holes soaked in a syrup.  

So overall the food was good but not great, but the service was standout and the price was right. I'd go back for another group meal or if I'm looking for an inexpensive Indian dinner.
I love Karma. I've been ordering takeout here at work for a few months and I recently visited for dinner, too. This is my go-to Indian food in the Old City area--prices are about normal for Indian fare ($15-18 for a dinner entree), and the dishes are prepared with a wide choice of spice (none, mild, moderate, spicy, Indian spicy, and Karma spicy--the last one sounds very dangerous).

One thing I really like about the dinner service here is the $20 special: you get a glass of house wine, a veggie or chicken appetizer, and one veggie or chicken dinner. Definitely worth the money. Additionally, if you dine in, the service is outstanding. When I had dinner here, our server Danielle was completely accommodating to our large party and she was very efficient and competent. Our table had no need for anything, because she took care of it all.

I definitely need to visit for the lunch buffet, which is $13, all you can eat (naan included), and they let you bring a box home as well. Insanely good deal.
Came here for the lunch buffet on a Sunday. For $11.95, and a wide selection, why not? It's location is pretty cool, sort of near the water, on a nice street in Old City, away from a lot of the noise of center city or South St. The buffet starts with a bunch of salad ingredients should you want one, which, while not maybe necessary, was a really nice touch. They had lentil soup, pakora and samosas and naans and other lovely carby breads on a huge display plate. Really great selection of that, not something I usually see at Indian buffets. A lot, actually most, of the dishes were vegetarian, so fear not fellow vegetarians! And yes, carnivores, there are meat dishes too. Everything was delicious, and I was too full for dessert, but that looked good too. The wait service, obviously not the showcase of a buffet, was nevertheless very good, with water being refilled constantly. Amazing value for only 11.95$ and great flavors!
As an Indian with a mom who is an excellent cook, I have very high standards for Indian food, and to be frank, I don't really like eating Indian food at restaurants. But Karma was pretty good on the spectrum of Indian restaurants. 

The restaurant itself has a dark, sort of weird ambiance, which didn't impress me so much. But overall, the food was very, very good. We started with the aloo chaat, which was some of the best aloo chaat I have had. We also had the paneer tikka, which was similarly delicious.

For our main dishes, we ate family style, which is definitely what I would recommend. We had the lamb chettinad, the chana masala, the black daal, the saag paneer, and the butter chicken. I enjoyed all of them, and thought that the naan was excellent - very fluffy. 

Overall, had a great experience. Definitely some of the best traditional Indian food I've had in Philly!
I ordered from this place on a Sunday afternoon. Pricing was reasonable and this place is on caviar and perfect for lazy pieces of shit like myself. The delivery arrived in approximately 40 minutes. 

They have a specific vegetables section which is convenient for vegetarians. We were enticed by the new shit I haven't seen before like paneer with a yogurt and herb gravy?? Wtf? However we decided to be safe and go with our classics saag paneer and tikka masala as well as tandoori gobhi (cauliflower with some pink sauce stuff). 

Nothing particularly noteworthy about the physical presentation of the containers or its contents, given delivery. Nothing particularly flashy about the bag like some of Karma's competitors (el vez, dizengoff). 

The cauliflower thing was really delicious. The cauliflower had the living shit cooked out of it and it was charred and falling apart when making contact with the fork but still retained the sauce's flavor. 

The tikka was also exceptional. The sauce was lacking viscousness and frankly almost a soup, good to soak up with rice or naan. 

Unfortuantely the saag was completely loaded with disgusting onions. If you don't like onions, it's inedible so I let my steamed bun dumpling lil babe eat that one. If you DO like onions, speaking purely from a flavor standpoint, this was the second worst saag paneer I've ever had (mumbai bistro the absolute worst). It didn't taste much like saag paneer I'm used to but bear in mind I'm a white girl from NY. 

I know Philly doesn't do indian well so I guess this is on par with other available options in the city.
Service was friendly and attentive, and the food was great!  

We had naan, the cauliflower appetizer, goat curry, lamb kabobs, and potatoes.  (I can't quite recall the Indian names for the entrees, and don't want to butcher them!).
Karma was off to a good start. I found myself in a very cool street with a nice evening vibe and I immediately liked the bistro-style of the restaurant as I walked through the door. The welcome and service by the waiting staff was really good and very friendly.

Unfortunately, it all fell apart when the food came, which I guess is the most important bit. The samosa appetizer just wasn't - a samosa, that is. The thick, doughy deep fried pastry was just wrong in every way and while samosas are meant to only be lightly spiced, the filling was almost devoid of any flavor except for the tang of not quite cooked potato left on the palate.

To me, it's always a bad sign when they ask how hot you want a curry sauce. Particular dishes in Indian cooking are defined by specific flavors and spicing, there are no varieties of heat for any dish. I have never been asked this question in India.

So, it didn't bode well for the butter chicken and, sadly, it lived down to my expectations. This dish is all about luxurious, smooth flavors and nothing to do with heat. This one was all about heat and was just wrong from its dark brown colour to muddy texture. On a positive note the rice was light and fluffy and the naan bread was fabulous but that's not enough to warrant a $35 bill for two dishes and a bottle of sparkling water. So very disappointing.
This is the first time I have gone to an Indian buffet and didn't walk away full.  None of the food tasted good. I found myself unable to finish my first plate.  I thought maybe I just was trying the wrong items off the buffet.  I didn't do any better on the second round.  Most of the curries were lukewarm or cool in terms of temperature.  I just really can't eat cold curry.  They were not spicy at all in the slightest either.  The chicken in the butter chicken was tough, flavorless, and cold.  The biryani was bland, which is weird considering it's rice that's full of spices.  

   They brought dosas with potato masala to our table.  Those were at least warm, but lacked the crispness of dosas I'd had at other places, and the potato filling was minimal and lacked flavor.  The nan was warm too as it was brought to the table. The mint chutney was watery and flavorless.  The lentil dish was salty and had a strange aftertaste.  The fried cauliflower was one of the better things I ate, but it too was cold.

    On a positive note, the servers are very quick to refill your water and take your plates. The lunch buffet is cheap at $10, and even cheaper if you use a Yelp deal for 10% off your check. The decor looks modern and trendy.  Maybe this place is better for dinner when the food hasn't been sitting around, but I would most definitely stay away from the lunch buffet if you like your food hot and flavorful.
So I have to say I was pretty disappointed because I had high hopes. Lots of people recommended this place to me and i really really hate going out for Indian food because I know that no one makes it better than my parents so I'm already setting the situation up for failure.

I decided to venture off with the bf. The setup is nice, but the lighting is dark and i hate hate hate dim lighting it just bothers me. All of the staff we interacted with were super friendly. Shoutout to Ronny- our server for his knowledge of the menu and some great recommendations. 

I hadn't realized that the buffet is only for lunch from 11-3 so plan accordingly! They have a dinner special for one app, one entree and a glass of wine for $20, but the app and entree must be chicken or vegetarian. 

We ordered chicken 65 and samosas for appetizers, chicken Tikka masala and lamb Korma for entrees, 1 order garlic Naan and the entrees came with rice. I wish i had taken a picture of the naan.. it was a beautiful sight to see! Food was also really good so no complaints as far as that.

What I was really disappointed in was the pricing. I understand that indian food is laborsome therefore the prices are higher, but I felt like these prices were a rip off especially for the quantity we received. If my parents knew how much I spent they would be mortified. The bill came to $70... I could've eaten from my parents for FREE. This was including the 5% discount for checking in (really?! 5% is a joke. You can do better than that)

Sigh. If you want to try indian food it's not a bad place to check out. At this price point though there are other options. My personal fave is still Lovash, on south st. 

Karma - we probably won't meet again.. (ha-ha get it?)
I have dined here before and always liked the food but never gotten the chance to write a review. The food here is pretty authentic I would say - only place in philly I suppose which is not "fine-dining/fancy/indian fusion" and has great food. Also, I got food for delivery last week and it came quickly, was pretty warm when it arrived and was delicious. I'd recommend the Chicken Madras if you are looking for something hot and Malai kofta if you like a slightly sweet gravy. Also, their Roomali roti is great! Try it!
Friends planned a night out and recommended Karma. We ended up going a la carte, but the $20 dinner special looked good: glass of house wine, veggie/chicken app, and veggie/chicken entree.
 
As a group of 6, we were able to sample a lot!

-Papadum: Thin lentil flour crisps (I liked the tamarind? sauce)
-Malai Kofta: Vegetable dumplings stuffed with fresh basil and herbs
-Tandoori Gobhi: Baked cauliflower florets coated with a special marinade
-Saag Paneer: Cubes of paneer in spinach, enriched with herbs
-Baingan Bharta: Roasted eggplant cooked with chef's special spices

-Chicken Tikka Masala: Chicken tikka in an herb-infused, creamy tomato gravy
-Butter Chicken: Tandoori chicken simmered in creamy tomato gravy
-Hara Bara Kebab: Chicken marinated in coriander, chillies, ginger and garlic
-Lasooni Naan: Garlic flavored naan

Yum!: Saag Paneer, Tandoori Gobhi, Butter Chicken (divine), Malai Kofta (awesome sauce! hah!)
Ehhh: Hara Bara Kebab (dry), Bainga Bharta (personal dislike of eggplant texture, but I tried it - I did!) 

We requested all items at a medium spice to accommodate all palates.
I'll definitely try the lamb, dessert, and amp up the spice level at my next visit.

Alas, It's a touch pricey for the volume - best to visit with a group for optimal sampling opportunities.  However, the heavenly sauces aaaalmost made up for it.

4 Stars! (I'm still thinking of the sauces and tender butter chicken. Staff was very nice too!)
This place was awesome and our stuff was done early. 
I highly suggest it if you're in the area and craving Indian. 
I always get the same stuff from Indian restaurants and it lived up to the challenge.
I came here for the all you can eat lunch buffet and boy was I surprised! Indian food is nice, but I honestly never get as excited about it as I do things like sushi, or Vietnamese food. The lunch buffet was not crowded, the restaurant was very clean and the staff was really friendly. They put the food in these lovely urns rather than the typical buffet rectangular heated platters so it just had a nicer presentation. The food looked very freshly prepared, and my mouth watered at the sight of everything. I had the vegetarian biyrani, chicken tikka masala, mushroom curry, and chicken tandoori. It was so good that I had two full plates. The mushroom dish was by far my favorite. I don't really consider Philly the center of ethnic cuisine, but If I lived in Philly I would definitely come here often.
I recently hosted Baby Shower event on the 2nd floor lounge and I must say it was an excellent event and amazing service. Kuddos to Mani the owner , he is such a nice person and very kind and very helpful and gave excellent service. We had about 50 people and the food was excellent. All the guests appreciated the food and the place. We went with full Vegetarian menu and included the following items:

Drinks - Mango Lassi and Fruit Juice and Soda
Appetizers - Papdi chaat and Idli Sambhar
Entrees - Malai Kofta, Grilled vegetables, Veg Chettinad, Dal Tadka, Naan, Roti and Rice.
Desserts - Gulab Jamun , Mango and Kesar Ice-cream

Everything was just excellent. We kept pay as you go bar and had good service at the bar as well. The servers were taking care of taking away empty plates from the tables and also refilling food as and when needed. 

I would highly recommend the venue if you are looking to host a private event.

I have tried their restaurant regular menu too and the food is good. Hence our decision to go ahead with the private event.
We stopped in for the lunch buffett since the Afghan restaurant(s) we set out for were only open for dinner.  The buffett had plenty of entrees, both vegetarian and carcass, for $9.95.  The food was, meh, ok, at best.  Prepared for your typical American indian-buffett-goer, the food lacked both spice and heat.  Disappointing lunch.
This past weekend, I tried out the new location for Karma - it was awesome! They have a beautiful bar area upstairs which will be a great place to hang out for happy hour before grabbing dinner in the future. In addition to my original review -- other favorites include the Chicken Tikka Masala, Aloo Tiki Chaat, and garlic naan. My boyfriend loves the lamb chettinad. Mani, who was our waiter on Saturday, is always wonderful whenever we come in - he is simply the best! I already can't wait to come back again.
I grew up eating a lot of Indian food and am pretty critical of most Indian restaurants. However, I really enjoyed the food and drinks and Karma. The waitress was fun to talk to and very patient with us. They offer a $20 dinner special that includes an appetizer, an entree and a glass of wine but we decided to go A La Carte instead. We were started off with some Papad (thin, savory Indian wafer) and Chutneys. We ordered Aloo Chaat and Paneer Tikka for our appetizers, both of which were delicious. 

For our main course, we ordered a variety of dishes family style. I particularly enjoyed the Butter Chicken and Lamb Chettinad accompanied with some Garlic Naan. Overall, I had a great time but wish the service were a little faster. I definitely want to come back here to give the desserts a try!
We were originally going to a restaurant next door, but decided to go here after being ignored at the door for quite a while. We got the $20 dinner special which is an appetizer, chicken or veggie entree, and a glass of house wine. I got the chicken vindaloo and my boyfriend got the tandori chicken. Both were perfection. The garlic naan was delicious and the samosas with the tamarind chutney was fantastic. The service wad a little slow,  but we didn't mind because the food was so good. We will definitely be back.
Their price is pretty ridiculous in a bad way: $15+ for any meat curry dishes. The lunch buffet is a pretty good deal compared to their menu prices (~$10). The food isn't great, but it's not terrible. If I'm hungry and be presented with food from here, I wouldn't refuse it. (Actually when I come here for buffet, I tend to overeat and feel gross afterwards.) But I wouldn't go out of my way to come here. The food from Ekta is better: The meat is more tender; the curries are "creamier"; the price is much more reasonable.

So to sum up... If you want a sit-down place for Indian, come here for lunch buffet, but don't expect the food to knock your socks off.
Following the power of Yelpers, my wife and i decided to try Karma.

It pains me to write this, especially because when the food finally arrived, it was delicious.  Reading other Yelpers' reviews, tonight just must have been an off night for service...it wasn't bad, it was just non-existent. 

Our table of two arrived around 5:30 on Saturday evening, with the restaurant half full.  It took about 10 minutes before drinks could be ordered, and wasn't too quick coming off the bar either.  This was a repeated theme in getting a second round.

For dinner, weordered:
-Beer: Taj Mahal (x2)
-Wine: House Red (x2)
-Appetizer: Tandoori Gobhi
-Entree: Tandoori Chicken
-Entree: Vegetable Jalfrezi
-Naan

The appetizer came out within 15 minutes of ordering, but then we waited, waited, and waited some more.  With hungry tummies, finally, one of the servers brought food out and placed on the table, only for us to realize very quickly that it was not our order....oh shucks!!! The server promptly picked everything up and placed on the table behind us. The waitress came over and assured us that our dinner was on its way.  Fifteen minutes passed and this time our food arrived.

The food was quite good.  My tandoori chicken came out sizzling and spicy (as ordered).  My wife loved her vegetable jalfrezi as well.

Hoping this was just an off night.
karma is by far the best indian in the city - for the food, service, cleanliness, and atmosphere...the buffet is one of the best i've had anywhere in the country - attractive, plentiful, fresh - and what other indian restaurant puts 'lobster curry' in their buffet?....although it is the more pricy of indian joints in town, you get what you pay for and always leave feeling you've nourished your soul....
I'm no expert when it come to Indian food, but Karma definitely satisfied my craving (I've been watching a lot of BBC and the Brits love their curry!) My husband and I stuck to the basics: chicken tikka masala, lamb korma, and naan. Both dishes were pretty good, tender meat with zesty sauces. 

Highlights of the night had to be our appetizer and the friendly staff. We tried the Aloo Papri Chat, which my husband describes as "Indian nachos." The dish consists of lentil crisps, topped with potatoes, chick peas, chutneys, and yogurt sauce. It's served cold and leaves a tangy spicy taste in your mouth. We loved it!
I have pretty high standards for Indian food (my mom is a great cook), but this place is delicious. I go there every couple of weeks when I'm craving good Indian food. They have a nice $20 dinner special that includes a glass of wine, an appetizer, and an entree.

For the appetizer, I got the aloo chaat. It's basically potatoes with yogurt and crunchy fried bits. It's nothing amazing, but it does the job. Paneer Makhani is my go-to entree. It's the perfect combination of sweet and spicy. It's also not too oily or too creamy. I love it! Recently I also tried the Palak Paneer, and loved it too. The best thing about Karma though is their Naan. It is absolutely perfect. It's really big (easily serves two people). The Naan seems like its freshly made. It's on the thinner side, but still super fluffy I really like garlic, so we usually order the Lasooni Naan. 

I also really like the drinks here. I don't know how much alcohol is in them but they are delicious. I can't remember the exact names, but the first drink we tried was this mango cocktail. It's basically a spiked Mango Lassi, and a must for any mango lover. My favorite though was the Mumbai Mojito. It came in a cute mason jar. 

The only thing about Karma that's subpar is the service and the ambience. The service is a little slow and the place looks a little dingy. 

Overall though this is a great place if you're craving quality Indian food.
Great service and food was well flavored. The menu has a lot to choose from but we stuck with the chicken tikka (tandoor) and the chicken madras. Both good!
I recommend the lunch buffet as their regular menu items are a little pricey. For any buffet you should get there early but that holds especially true for Karma--there are no sneeze guards over the buffet! 

That said, I recommend that you arrive as close to noon as possible and get a seat that overlooks the buffet . The food will be fresh and you will know what to avoid because you will witness exactly which dishes the other patrons contaminate. 

Food quality is average but what else do you expect for a $10 buffet...afterall, this is Philadelphia.
Excellent Indian food - my favorite is the Tikka Masala chicken.  The chicken they use is a good quality, unlike another Indian restaurant I've tried in town (Passage to India) where I received all dark meat and it was very gristly and unappetizing.  They have a great variety of nan, although I was disappointed to see there was no Puri (deep fried nan) on the menu.  Another small small disappointment is that they only have one "level" of spicey.  Im used to having the option to order my Indian "mild", "hot", or "spicey".  It's spicey enough to content me here at Karma, but if you want something face sweatingly spicey I've not found it here.  (Order yours "spicey" at Aman's in East Norriton for that!)   
The restaurant itself has a nice ambiance, and a fairly extensive weekday lunchtime buffet.
This restaurant also houses the tastiest cocktail I've yet to drink in Philadelphia.  It's a mango martini and is absolutely exquisite.
I know I will be a regular here!
I became a fan of this spot. The food is full of flavor, very well presented and very reasonable prices. The staff is super friendly, knowledgeable and professional...they seem to really like what they are doing and that adds extra comfort and value to this place. If you are not sure about what to order ask them and they will help you selecting the best dish for your palate. The amount of food is perfect....the garlic bread is delicious and the chicken wings are a must have as appetizer. The chicken and the goat dishes were also very good. Totally recommend!!.
I am so glad to see a collection of rave reviews for this Indian restaurant.  I was a fortunate attendee of their lunch buffet.  

To me, Indian food is as comforting as food gets.  I think it runs in my genes, as my parents are avid Indian food fanatics and the gene has been passed down to me.  However, I tend to not regularly frequent Indian restaurants, as it is considered an indulgent treat.  I've only experienced a few Indian lunch buffets here and there, in the several cities I've lived in (ie. Austin, Boston, Nashville).

That being said... this is the best Indian lunch buffet I've ever had.  It was SO good, and there was such a large variety of foods offered.  The buffet did start out with an array of salad-y foods, all of which were interesting and tasty.  Then.. there was this beautiful round-plate display of chickpeas, vegetarian samosas, pakoras, and even a mashed potato or chickpea food that added flavor and character to the display.  It's hard for me to describe this so you can picture it, but imagine a heaping serving of curried chickpeas in the center, surrounded by layers of mashed potato/chickpea, fried appetizers and naan bread.  Sound too enticing to handle?  It was that enticing.. and that good.

There were several hot dishes offered, though it's a little too long ago now for me to remember every one.  I know there was dal, or lentils.  There were two chicken dishes, one saucy and one a dryer curry.  Both were good, the saucy one in particular.  This was not your standard tikka massala.  Thankfully.

There were two different desserts offered.  Some other reviewers claimed they were too full to try.  Well... there's always room for dessert.  The kheer (rice pudding) had an interesting texture, less pudding like and more grainy I'd say.  

What a fabulous find in a fabulous neighborhood of Philly.  If I find myself in the City of Brothery Love (and great food) and someone exclaimed "Indian".. I'd know exatly where to go.
Although I love the soup, I have to say that their business practices have turned me off for good.  The server charged me twice (once before tip, once after) and I contacted them immediately for a refund of the pre-tip amount. The manager said it happens (as I'm sure it does everywhere), and they would have the bank revert the charge. Two weeks later, I followed up because nothing had happened. Several days later, the manager returned my call, acting very condescending and said they "don't give away free food." I offered to bring my statement, but the manager said I needed to have the bank provide a slip with an invoice for both, which of course does not exist because they don't issue invoices for sales, they just process sales. Not worth the trouble of $10 lunch buffet, but left a terrible taste in my mouth.
I really wanted to love this place, but I unfortunately can't say that I did. The staff is great and the inside is comfortable and spacious and well lit, but the prices are extremely high for the quantity of food you get. It's pretty good food (albeit a bit salty) don't get me wrong, but other restaurants give you more for the same amount or cheaper. 

We ended up ordering the chicken tikka, shrimp vindaloo, and garlic naan. The naan was HUGE which was awesome, but the chicken tikka and shrimp dish were both really small. There were probably eight pieces of shrimp in the vindaloo, which for $18 dollars is exorbitant. Another, maybe small, gripe I had was that I asked for a bit of yogurt since the food was quite spicy (I ordered it that way, and it was great but I just wanted something to cut the spice a bit) and our waiter brought out a pot of it (I finished maybe a quarter or fifth of it), not telling me that he was charging for it or how much he was charging for it. It ended up being three dollars, which definitely isn't a huge amount of money, but I just wish that he would have told me. (I figured he'd just bring out a chutney sized bit of it and wouldn't charge.) 

Anyway, it was all together a good meal and I don't regret going, but was a bit disappointed with the price.
Came here for lunch buffet. 14.99$ for unlimited. Pretty decent selection. They bring unlimited naan to your table. They have multiple veggie options including fried veggies, paneer, peas, some kind of veggie soup, rice cakes and salad. For meats they have tandoori chicken, lamb vendalo and butter chicken. They also have for dessert rice pudding and some carrot dish. My favorites were butter chicken and lamb. Staff were friendly. Not the best tasting Indian food I had but pretty decent for all you can eat and great value!
Tried their lunch yesterday.
More expensive than the Indian buffets in and UC CC, but that's 'cause of many less people.

Plus, quality is actually better.  

It was my second time, my first was at a special organized dinner there, not a good way to judge a place.
This place has awesome food. It wasn't very busy and I don't know why. They had $20 special; an app, entree and a glass of wine. Very reasonable and the Indian food here is top notch. The staff was really nice. If you're in Old City, check it out!
The best Indian food in the city. Only Indian food I've ever had that was better was made by my friend's mom who was visiting from India. ;-) Everything I've had here is great. Chicken Tikka Masala is also my favorite. Order it with the Lasooni Naan (Garlic) for a real treat. Take your friends or family and order a bunch of different dishes to share. Some are really spicy though, even if you're a fan of spicy food. The rice which comes with everything is excellent too.

They also deliver via diningin.com and so far have been consistent in quality both in the restaurant and via delivery. Most other places don't turn out so good when delivered.
This is the worst Indian lunch buffet in Center City Philadelphia and is also the most expensive at $9.95.  The signs claim that it has 30 items, but 12 of them are condiments like chutney!  Speaking of the chutney, it tastes terrible and looks like melted mint chocolate chip ice cream.  If you are looking for non vegetarian food, this is definitely not the place.  They only had two meat options in the entire buffet.  The fruits in the desserts looked like they were sitting out for two days.  The idlis were stuck to the napkins and they were yellow and either all crusting or extremely hard.  Most of the dishes were very bland and cold.  The staff never refreshed any of the items on the buffet the entire time we were there.  Contrary to what some other reviews have pointed out, there is nothing traditional about this place.  I have honestly eaten better tasting frozen Indian food.

Bottom line -- dont ever go here for lunch buffet.  You would be better off saving your money and eating better food from one of the carts off the street.  Samosa has a cheaper lunch buffet and although I did not think it was good, it is still much better than Karma's.
Chicken Tikka Masala time. I am that boring guy who gets the same damn thing every time they are trying out a new restaurant and Tikka Masala is my dish of choice for Indian places. 

Chicken Tikka Masala tends to vary from watery, to creamy, to tomato-y depending on where you go. My favorite would be somewhere between creamy and tomato tastes. 

Karma's was high on the tomato side and my date loved it. I prefer creamy, which is what his order of Chicken Korma was like so we switched dishes and enjoyed!

The garlic naan -- yum.

Great location, great service, great decor, etc... 

I can't wait to come back and try the buffet some time!
Came in for a late night dinner since it was close by and glad we stopped in. We were seated immediately and handed menus. Our waiter poured us water asking if we wanted an appetizer. We ordered pokara and then looked at the main menu. We ended up getting the butter chicken and side of naan to split. Our food was ready around 15 minuets and the steam was coming off it. The chicken portion was nice but we could have used a bit more rice. It tasted great though I wish we got it a little spicy just for a kick. While we were eating the waiter advised us the kitchen would be closing soon so if we wanted to order more we could do so then. We told him no thank you and finished what we had. Total we only spent $25-$30 which wasn't bad in the slightest. Would definitely eat here again if I'm in the area.
Came here a few months ago and ordered the thali (lamb curry and chicken tikka masala), achar, rose lassi which I thought were all delicious. The servers were also very pleasant and prompt. (5/5 for this visit)
I called in today and the woman who answered said that they are no longer doing the thali special which they have replaced with a lunch buffet. I personally preferred the thali option. 

The lunch buffet had about six veggie dishes, idli, goat curry, butter chicken, tandoori chicken, and comes with naan. The butter chicken is oddly sweet and nothing else I tried was remarkable. The lassi also seemed more watered down. Hoping it was just an off day.

The lighting where we sat was also strange. The bulbs have a dim orange/red tint along the long booth.
So, I am not really a fan of Indian food. I like the naan, butter chicken and saag paneer. This place is by far the best of those three things I've had anywhere. 
Only ordered takeout so I can't vouch for the inside or restaurant itself. But they give you huge portions with plenty of protein. Rice comes with their dishes and you can choose the level of spice. Medium is definitely spicy but perfect for me. 
Fast delivery, always hot, will always be my go to for my quarterly Indian fix.
I was greeted by a friendly hostess. We let her know we just wanted to take a look at the menu before we sat, she offered us seats at the bar while we looked over the menu. She also provided us with iced water. We decided to stay as the price range was reasonable. Everyone was super friendly as we passed them on our way to the table. 

We ordered garlic Naan, vegetable Samosa, and chicken Tikka masala. All 3 dishes were  fantastic!! I definitely recommend this restaurant. We've ordered delivery from here before but of course eating the food fresh is way better! Will definitely be going back!
A great dinner special! $20 for 1 appetizer, 1 entree and 1 glass of house wine (a good variety too)

Our server was attentive and our water always full - we were given a great suggestion in the Garlic Naan (ohm nom nom), and our entrees were a good portion size.
Tasty samosas and great chicken tikka masala - and nice fluffy rice.
Will definitely be back!
I'm a huge fan of Indian cuisine so I can be very picky. Karma is my go to restaurant in the old city/society hill area. I would give it five stars if not for the menu being on the pricier side but it's to be expected in old city. They have a $20 dinner dine-in special which includes an appetizer, an entree and a glass of wine. This is more than worth it because a good entree costs at least $15-$16. 
I really enjoy the complimentary papadum that they offer and the tandoori chicken wings as appetizers. I also recommend the butter chicken which in my opinion is the best curry here next to the tikka masala and vindaloo. Their garlic naan is also to die for. I've gotten the fish Briyani but didn't care for it too much as it wasn't as flavorful as other entrees. 
Overall very good Indian cuisine, service is pleasant.
Service is an important aspect in restaurant business and Karma really lacks in service. I had to flag them to get their attention. As soon as I entered I was seated but then for 10 odd minutes no one turned up to serve water or take order. I had to spend about 1.5 hours for a simple meal- is this the service? It's high time management take note of this n improve the service before inevitable karma catch them. 

Food was tasty, priced economically with generous portions which made up for the bad service.
I recently celebrated my birthday here. From the moment I walked in the door, the hostess greeted me with a warm "Happy Birthday!", she was friendly and welcoming. When my boyfriend and I were seated, our glasses were filled immediately and a candle was lit. We ordered naan, Lamb Chettinad and Paneer Tikka Masala. I was told that there are different spice levels like spicy, indian spicy and a spice level even higher than that, I ordered my dish at spicy and when I got my order, I realized I could've gotten a higher spice level, but that's because I love spicy food and it was my first time at Karma. The staff was very attentive and informative. I was later surprised with a birthday song and complimentary mango Kulfi! Karma is YUMazing! I will come back again.
This unassuming & casual hidden gem in Old City really hit the spot on a quiet Friday night. I had not heard anything good/bad about Karma, but was really pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food and my overall experience.

We started with two appetizers:
- Tandoori Gobhi (cauliflower)
- Amristsari Kulcha (Naan stuffed with potatoes, onions, paneer)

Both were delicious - the Tandoori Gobhi was exceptionally good. The cauliflower is blistered and coated in a savory yogurt/spice sauce, served on a cast iron skillet. The cauliflower was incredibly flavorful, tender, and bright. The stuffed naan was also really great. 

For our entrees, we ordered:
- Lamb Korma
- Paneer Tikka Masala

Again, both dishes were absolutely fantastic. Both were rich in flavor and spice (without being too spicy), tremendously balanced and very flavorful. The paneer was dream-worthy - I absolutely loved it.

Service was pretty good, and the space itself is pretty standard. A real hidden gem with tremendous dishes!
omg karma has the best spiciest most delicious biryani i have ever had!
i love biryanis and this is the best i have had so far in philly!
I have to agree that the prices are ridiculous for what it is: ok, decent Indian food but nothing to write home about.  The service is a little eccentric too: on the day we went, we were the first customers there and desperately needed a drink. We ordered our drinks right away and then waited and waited and waited. Well, it turns out that the bartender wasn't scheduled to show up until a half hour after we arrived and they weren't going to do cocktails until he got there - all that might have been ok if someone had bothered to tell us so we could have ordered wine or beer instead.
Two things that I want to be clear about. The 4-star rating is strictly for the food itself. The service was 2.5/5.0.

Service: I had a reservation at 6:30pm (party of 2) and arrived at the restaurant a little before 6:30pm. I waited at the door and saw two servers walking past us and walked back to the dining area. And we waited....and waited. I finally stood in the center of the hallway and stared at one of the servers. I mean, how can they not see us standing there waiting to be seated? Seriously? After we made eye contact, he smiled and seated us. 

So now we're seated. Then what? No menu, no water, no server. Again, I looked frustrated and starting staring at each server that walked past our table. One of them finally made eye contact with me and asked if we need a menu. Isn't it obvious? I said "yes, we have nothing. Can we get some water too?" So the lack of service sort of ended there. They weren't really good about keeping our glass of water filled. Their restaurant wasn't crazily busy at that time as well.

Food: I ordered the Salmon Raita for appetizer. The fish itself had a kick to it and was in a plate of yogurt sauce. It was really good. But I think the fish could be cooked better. It was a little overcooked.

My fiancee ordered the Tootak (Tandoori Chicken wings basically). The chicken was cooked well. Other than that, I don't have much to say about it except the menu says chicken wings but they only gave us 1 wing and 4-5 drumsticks. I had to say this because I like wings better than drumsticks!

For dinner, I ordered the Salmon Maseledar. This was the best salmon curry I had in an Indian restaurant! The salmon was cooked to perfection! All the other salmon dishes I had were usually overcooked. But this one was perfect! The salmon was juicy and the sauce that came with it was delicious. 

My fiancee ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala. I had this dish at other Indian restaurants before and this was more to the sweet side at Karma's. I'll like it more if it has more tomato flavor in it. But that's personal preference. It was still good though.

We also ordered Garlic Naans. The flavor was good but I thought that they were too thin and too crispy. I'd like it more if it was more bread-like. 

Overall, it was a nice experience, especially my Salmon entree. Will I come back?
My conclusion for this restaurant is: Until I find a place that makes perfect Salmon curry and better service, I'll come back just for the salmon!
My girlfriend and I were looking for some good Indian food close by and came across Karma in old city.  We ordered take-out and overall, the food was great, but the price was a little inflated for what we got.  

We ordered:
-Butter Chicken (~$16): we got the mild since we weren't in a spicy kind of mood and the flavors were excellent the chicken was tender.  The sauce definitely complements the thin-grain rice well and the rice acts as the perfect medium for the dish!  
-Chicken Tikka Masala (~$16): the mild sauce was flavorful, but a little less so compared to the butter chicken.  The chicken wasn't as tender (it was larger chunks compared to the butter chicken which was more like strips), but still good regardless. 
-Garlic Naan: Delicious!  Aside from the fact that the edges were a bit burnt all around, the garlic naan was amazing with the sauce from tikka masala and the butter chicken (would be loads better if it wasn't burnt though)!

Overall the quality and taste of the food I would give 4 stars, but the price was a huge turn-off because you can definitely get cheaper Indian food of similar quality at other restaurants in the city.  So I'd give them about 3-3.5 stars considering quality, cost, and quantity.  If I were to pick between the butter chicken and tikka masala, I would recommend going with the butter chicken!

*Note: They do honor the Yelp 5% off check-in offer!
Took the Buffet. Had a variety of dishes in veg and non veg.
- Chole, Veg Korma, Veg Korma, paneer chilli, salad, idli, sambar, peas pulav(to die for)
- Goat curry, butter chicken (so yummmm), Tandoori chicken
Dessert included mango custard and gulab jamun

$15 per buffet 

Worth the money. Nice ambiance, friendly staff and wonderful service. Highly recommended
A group of friends, who happen to be vegetarians, came to visit.  I am a meat and potatoes kind of guy -- so I was at a loss as to where to go to meet everyone's needs.  They suggested Indian, so went to Karma.  When we walked in the door, we were greeted by a friendly, but quiet, host who made great eye contact and flashed us a great smile.  We felt at home being seated in an over-sized, plush, comfortable booth in the back of the restaurant -- which was large enough to accommodate our party.  The booth was great as the adults could have "grown-up" discussions on one side of it, while the kids entertained themselves at the other end. 

My friends ended up finding 7-8 various appetizers and main courses to satisfy their needs. They were thrilled (especially the kids).  I sampled their dishes that featured flavorful potatoes, cauliflower, naan and other vegetarian goodies.  Everything tasted great.  When it came to my own dish, I ordered the Chicken Tikka.  The meat came out steaming hot from the kitchen.  It was perfectly cooked!  It was attractively set on a plate with potatoes.  The meat itself was expertly seasoned and tender!  

The servers that helped us were incredibly patient and attentive.  We never had to ask for water refills.  They brought us ample sauces.  They returned quickly when we ordered more bread.  They made great recommendations to accommodate everyone's needs. Most importantly, they made us feel like we were the only one's in the restaurant.    

The service was five star, as was the food!  The decor and atmosphere were great too!  If you can, check out Karma.  Karma also has a great buffet during lunchtime.
This is a solid Indian restaurant. Came here for dinner and started with the vegetable samosa and Kolkata Golda Chingree. Both were just okay, to be honest. But the main dishes were great. We had the butter chicken and chicken tikka masala and really enjoyed them. The wine prices here are also very reasonable ($7-9).
Would have given 0 stars. Very average food and service. Also they charged for pickle which is like charging for ketchup at a burger place. Extremely disappointed!!!! You are better off eating cheesesteaks next door!
Great food and amazing service! I highly recommend the lamb chettinad! We also got the Malai kofta and paneer tikka massala and they were all great.
Karma is in a great location with well lit spacious interior.
Service is on point and staff goes out of their way to make sure your needs are met.
Biriyani, butter chicken, malai kofta, saag paneer, garlic naan are my favorites here.
Service, ambience, food everything is great and i'm going there every time i'm in Philly.
Highly recommended.
This buffet on weekdays might be one of the tastier ones within the city, and definitely one of the only ones in this part of town! There were many dishes to choose from in a long buffet format with veggies, meats, and desserts to fill out your plate. The soup was flavorful, the chana was spicy and authentic, and the chicken options were great and very different. Upon opening, they were making sure the buffet was fresh and we were eating within 5 minutes. Will be back!
Karma's got the tastiest -- and priciest -- Indian lunch buffet I've tried in Philly.  But for the extra few dollars you get much tastier dishes than is typical, so it's totally worth it.  Also, the space is very nice.  It's kinda good it's far away from where I work and live so that I don't indulge too often.  The cuisine is north Indian, so can sometimes be overwhelmingly creamy and buttery (yeah, there really is such a thing).

Dinner here is also tasty.  Sometimes they have a well-worth-it dinner special of a drink (wine!  or if you don't imbibe, other options -- such as mango lassi -- are available), appetizer, and entree (chicken or veggie) for $20.  Some friends and I got that recently and were not disappointed.  Favored appetizers were the tikka chaat and papri chaat, and favored entrees were the chicken saagwalla and chicken do piaza.  Some of the other entrees tasted too rich (see note above).  The garlic naan was also yummy.  Service was friendly and helpful.  Our water glasses were regularly refilled.  The restaurant is well appointed with comfortable chairs and benches, real (as in stainless steel) flatware, real (as in china) plates, and tablecloths on the tables.
Four Yelps with a disclaimer( this is the first Indian restaurant in Philly that I've tried) I have eaten at many Indian restaurants in Baltimore and NJ, a few were as good or better than Karma, but many more were worse. From all appearances every diner in the packed restaurant seemed to be enjoying themselves. If you come, do take advantage of the $20 dinner, this bargain was key to my 4 star rating. I was part of a large group and the service was great. Danielle, our waitress, was friendly, funny, and very accommodating. She is another key factor in the rating. Some tips: 1) try to order something from the tandoor oven. These entrees seemed to be the best executed, and as we saw some go to other tables the look and smells made us wish we had tried more. 2) The bread here is very good, the roti and the naan. There is a large selection on the menu and the restaurant prides itself on it. 3) Be aware of the spice levels. Medium here is not very spicy at all, I choose 7.5 on a scale of 1 to 10 and it was perfect. 4) If you are nearby at lunch time, this looks like it would be a nice buffet. The staff and owners at Karma really seem to care about what they do, it shows in the food and the service. I wish them good karma.
Nice addition to the Old City area restaurant "corner". At first the Bar part of the name got me thinking wether I want to go there as I wasn't looking for a bar environment. It totally is not a bar. It is an Indian restaurant and not a bad one. 

The food fine. Staff was really friendly.
i've never eaten in, only got take out from the buffet during lunch.  for $10 they give you 2 containers to fill to the brim.  i am able to get 2 - 3 meals out of it.  i LOVE their food! and the gentleman that greets you is all smiles.
This is probably one of the best Indian restaurants in Philadelphia. My family and I are from Texas and we were looking at good places to eat around the town. This restaurant happened to catch our eye. The hospitality and food is hands down amazing. I would come again! I gave it all 5 stars because our waiter was helpful, kind, and knowledgeable about the questions we asked him. Additionally, the food was to die for!!!
This is a great place. The food is excellent and I really enjoyed the service -- the servers were very friendly.
I love Indian food... and I REALLY love this restaurant after one meal. I went here on a whim and noticed they had a special, app/entree/beer for $20. It was a Friday at 7 so this was unexpected. The Tikka was less creamy than I've had, but the best and most flavorful I have ever had. Ever. The Onion Kulcha is great but also has tons of cilantro inside, just in case you aren't a fan. I liked it a lot. Incredible food, fantastic staff, amazing deal (we even used the Yelp coupon with it) - can't wait to go back.
We were here after christmas on a saturday night for dinner. 
4 people. Total bill was around $76
We ordered a chicken appetizer(chicken65) and a veg appetizer (tandoori gobhi) Both were okay.
Then we had a chicken entree(chicken tikka masala), a veg entree( baingan bharta) and 4 breads. They serve complimentary rice with entrees. 

Breads were too good here.
We ordered
Amritsari kulcha
Butter naan
Lachcha parantha
Aloo parantha.

All Were soft and tasty.

All curries were not the best. I have had better but decently good food. We will give 3.5 stars to food.
Food quantities were fine and as expected.
Service was quick.
Staff was friendly and waiter was good. So another half star for that.
They can improve over music selections and spice level. Mild baingan bharta was same as spicy chicken tikka masala on spice level.
All in all, I will recommend this place.

Just wanted to mention that they add around 18% gratuity by default in check, so pay attention while tipping.
Roughly 10 dollar lunch buffet?  Yes plz.  The food was amazing.  They put out the quality Indian hits I love, such as Chicken Tikka Masala and Saag Paneer.  Yum.  The only thing I wish they had were some samosas and a little more spice!
Went for: Saturday Night Dinner
Party Size: 3

Besides the "meh" Indian cuisine my work offers once a week, I have never had Indian.

I went here because I like meat, but my friend is a vegeterian. We had a great meal!

For parties larger then 3, CALL AHEAD! Seating is limited and can be tough if you are trying to get a table for 4 or more walk-in.

Food:
They brought these bread crisp with two dipping sauces (a green one, and an indian bbq one). Enjoyed both but loved the green one. It had a little kick to it.

Samosa's - They were ok, nothing to rave about.

Lasooni Naan - Garlic Naan bread. Very Good! Great for scooping up your sauce/rice/meat mixture.

Chicken Tikka Masala - (Ordered Spicy) Watch out if you say spicy, they will do it! After a few spoonsfulls of this sauce you feel it, but I enjoyed that.

Lamb Korma - Really good! A Tomato and yogurt sauce with chunks of seasoned lamb.

Navrattan Korma - Vegeterian Meatballs, good dish as well.


Service was great, and they made sure to tell us about some new dishes with an indian twist coming soon. 

Would absolutely go back!
I really like Karma.

I just went here for dinner and they had a dinner special for $20.00 that included appetizer, main course and wine. I thought that was a good deal.

The appetizers were very large in portion and by the time I dug into my main meal I was so full (which is all a good thing.) The food all tasted so good. My sister said she has been to the lunch buffet and said that's all very good too. 

I had the Chaat and Butter chicken. GREAT.

And my sister had the Samosa and Chicken Tika Masala which were good as well.

Service was very good as well. All very friendly.
This is a perfect 3-star. Not great, not bad, but close to just right.
We tried the following for dinner:

Rumali Roti  - this was great. I have not had rumali roti in a long time!
Aloo paratha - was alright. didnt have much flavor.
Saag paneer- was also ok.
Malai kofta - was pretty good.
Mango lassi - was pretty good.

Overall the food was decent. Service was attentive.
I was not wowed here. 
But, you I am sure you wont be disappointed either.
This is my first visit to Indian Restaurant as I just moved to Philly 2 days ago.

The restaurant was almost closed by the time we went in but the staff welcomed us by agreeing to the condition that we will order in just 3 mins. Cool though.

We've ordered Roti and Madras Chicken curry
One chicken Biryani and one goat Biryani

Roti is excellent. Really superb.
Madras curry was very yummy but the gravy does not look rich although it tastes very good.

Finally Biryani, oops. I thought they would serve Dum Biryani. But nope they gave us a different style which I usually don't prefer.

Biryani item only not up to the expectations. Rest all good.

By the way, the music that they play is pure traditional indian music and I felt really relaxed.

Try it out.
Huge disappointment.  Bad food. Overpriced. Do not go there. The server himself said he doesn't like the food here.
We went there after reading the reviews on yelp but hated the place.
Love this place. My husband and I are regulars here. When his parents came to town, we wanted a restaurant we knew would be reliable for good service and great food. We brought them to Karma. A midwest guy and a bronx gal, we weren't sure how Indian food would go over, but the parents loved it too.
Thank you Karma for always being awesome!
Karma Restaurant is located on Third and Market Street in the Old City section of Philadelphia. Upon walking in you will notice the dimly lit environment, creating an intimate setting with relaxing Indian music playing in the background. In addition to the main room and bar area downstairs, there is an upstairs with a spacious dance floor and enough room to fit a large party of people. 

Service is also attentive and friendly. During my experience, I noticed that the restaurant staff went out of their way to greet everyone who entered the door and kept everyone's water filled.

From mild, medium, spicy, to indian and karma spicy being the hottest, all of the entrees have adjustable spice levels to accommodate everyone's taste buds so you won't have to worry about taking a trip to the hospital if the food is too hot! By the way, the Butter Chicken is to die for! I would definitely recommend Karma for a nice romantic date or even a family event!
I effing love Indian food. Always vegan friendly, an Indian restaurant is always a crowd pleaser when dining with a mixed group of people. Omnivores are happy. Vegans are happy. Everything is yummy. We're all happy.

Last night, we started with samosas. They were good, but actually, a little salty. And if something is a little salty for me, it's probably a lot salty for other people. I loves me some salt. Then I had the channa peshawari w/ rice & roti. All very, very tasty.

I'm more likely to go to a few other places for Indian simply because they're closer to my apartment, but it's good to get out of my neighborhood/comfort zone once in a while. I'd definitely come back here again...it'd be good Karma. 

(ugh, I wonder how many other people used that joke...& how many stopped themselves before doing so...sorry)
I want to give this 3.5 star rather than 4. This place has great taste and flavor but rather lacks in setting. The menus I had were covered with some food splats. I almost didn't want to touch the menu. 

This lack of cleanliness on the table may show a sign of how the kitchen could be. Because of this I I leant towards a 3 Star. But again on the bright side, the flavors were delicious.
Of all the Indian restaurants South Jersey and Philly have to offer, Karma is hands down the best. They have great drinks, great service, and amazing food. If you like spicy and haven't been satisfied with spice levels elsewhere, this is the place to test out those taste buds. The "Karma Spice" is the highest level and it left my mouth perfectly numb as I had hoped.
Their Lamb Vindaloo is the best I've had anywhere and I have been to literally every Indian restaurant within a 50 mile radius. They have a great Old fashioned, and their new location is much more appealing than the last. I will definitely be making Karma my go-to Indian restaurant from now on and I look forward to trying out every other dish they have on the menu. 
Enjoy!
Good crowd, good location, nice people 

Ambiance is average.

Food quality I would say is not that great as hyped by people.Its average! 
Although  the quality of roti was good.

Service was very very slow.
Came for a birthday dinner. Table of 12 and I think we may have tried just about everything on the menu. The Mixed Platter was the crowd favorite. Atmosphere was perfect, fun, we had a great time. People who worked there were so nice and accommodating. They explained with patience and in detail to those who hadn't tried Indian before and everyone left happy. Definitely a must try!
Karma is good. I ordered some classic dishes so I could compare Karma to other Indian restaurants I've been to. 

Tandoori Gobhi was good and tasted just like how it should. 

I ordered the bread basket and was very disappointed with the garlic naan because the garlic was burnt and left an awful taste in my mouth. However, the parnatha was very good. 

Chicken tikka masala was very good and had a great  fresh tomato flavor, but, was not spicy enough for me. 

Lamb roganjosh was solid but disappointed compared to the chicken tikka masala. 

Service was subpar throughout the meal. At the end of the meal I was not asked if I'd like coffee desert or anything else, I was just handed the check. 

The three stars are for the food alone, not the service.
Synopsis: Attentive service, pleasant cultural music/décor, quality food, decent prices...

PROS: As I mentioned I like the vibe inside, service was on their toes and friendly, food was good however Karma comes in #2 as my favorite Indian restaurant in Philly...#1 being Etka

Appetizer: The Chaat Aloo Tikki was really good...I love chick peas and if you do I recommend you order this dish...only recommendation I would have would be to include more potatoe patties
Entrée: Chicken Saag was flavorful and full of chunks of perfectly cooked chicken...Mutter Paneer was light in flavor...very creamy (buttery) but lacking that intense tomato flavor I like...still good nonetheless.

Overall I would recommend to everyone...solid restaurant... but there are some stiff competitors out their which only allows me to give 4/5 stars.
Fantastic service (ask for Mani), great atmosphere, and the BEST Indian food you'll ever eat. I never question making the trip from South Jersey to Philly to go to Karma. Once you go to try it, you won't be able to stop going back!!
The food was extremely satisfying and flavorful. Best of all, is that they have many vegetarian options so you won't have to eat the same thing every time you go.
Karma is my favorite indian restaurant in Philly- hands down the best.  I have eaten at the restaurant on numerous occasions and ordered takeout on almost a weekly basis and have never once been disappointed by the food or service.  We usually order the Malai Kofta and Saag Paneer- both dishes are the best I've ever had at an indian restaurant and are ALWAYS spiced to our liking.  The Aloo Papri Chat is perfectly prepared- not too watery or soggy at all.  We have tried the lunch buffet here as well and all the dishes we tried were excellent.  They do not deliver, but its worth the walk to go and pick up your food for sure.  The ambiance in the restaurant is modern and relaxing and they are usually playing tabla influenced drum and bass whenever I'm there.  Good selection of indian beers.  Tasty chai tea as well.  Don't bother with Tiffin, come to Karma.
This is the best Indian food in Philly, hands down. Mani, a wonderful server, took care of my mother and I. He recommended the Lamb Chettinad, and we also got the Butter Chicken and samosas. 

The Lamb was SOOOO DELICIOUS. The chunks of lamb are moist and tastes like it'd been stewed for hours. The chicken is a favorite, and the perfect thing for folks wanting something a little bit more adventurous than the regular ol Tiki Marsala. I've eatin here too many times. #bestindianinphilly (and they're lunch buffet is back ) THIS IS A MUST TRY!
I actually got lost coming here because Google maps sent me to their old location. There were lots of actual Indian people here, which I think is a good sign that the food is authentic. The lamb curry tasted great to me.
Girlfriend and I went here, great little spicy treasure in Old City. We ordered the Malai Kebab; I was a little skeptical because there was no kind of sauce that came with the dish(I was afraid it was going to be too dry), but man was I wrong! The chicken was tender and juicy with just the right amount of spiciness. Portions were enough that we could share and, coupled with the Naan side that came with it, we were full by the end of the night.

Service was awesome and attentive too( the waiter even came back to repour our leftover beer into our glasses). Great place, I'll definitely be back.
Come here for affordable weekday buffet! 

This is an indian restaurant in old city. My friend and I were lured in by the buffet which was like $13 or so per person at lunch. The ambiance was a little strange for lunch because it was a little dark in the eating area closer to the back. It is far from the window. 

They have a decent array of foods for the buffet. I particularly enjoyed the butter chicken and the fried pakora. I also thought the naan was good. I thought though that some of the food was a little cold. Although all the gas burners were running and heating the food, some was not hot. 

The rice pudding dessert was good too, though I think one of the toppings, maybe the tamarind topping, was super sour and was definitely a miss. The Gulab Jamuns (like an oily indian buffet) had a good flavor but the texture was very oily, almost too much so.

Service was OK - they subtlely wanted to encourage you to finish but that is expected for a buffet.
Absolutely delicious! If you are on the hut for perfectly balanced and spiced Indian food I recommend karma for sure. Pricing is good,
Service is friendly and sauces are great. I love love love super spicy food, but my boyfriend doesn't so it's great they do a great job sticking to the 1-10 spicy scale on how hot you want it. Again I like super spicy so an 8 which is Indian hot had a nice kick, but I still could have taken it up a notch- just an FYI for you spicy lovers-- chicken madras is great!
