Don't come here. I don't want you to. I don't want your bum taking up space in a chair that should be mine pretty much at least one day a week when I want to dine here. I don't want you to tell your friends, or your friends' friends, because I want this place to remain a secret, my local haunt where I can byob whenever with whomever I please and not be forced to wait.

Gosh darn it, Jaxon.  Thank you. Thank you for being BYOB and taking up space in little Cantucio's spot and pushing out some amazing food in solid (almost too generous) portions. Thank you for the lovely, attentive service, fresh ingredients and a place that strikes the perfect balance of accessible and refined. At a time, when I think byobs are being phased out, Jaxon comes on the scene with wily veteran Tony Schiro (of former Latest Dish) and are making some magic and in my 'hood. My cup runneth over.

The grilled octopus to start is an absolute revelation with unctuous taramasalata and crisp radishes. The southern fried pork loin is HUGE, and delicious and those grilled plums with buttermilk, have mercy! Their mac and cheese (famous from his previous haunt) is rich and a treat, and the hanger steak (cooked so on point, I almost cried) nearly melted in my mouth.

So yeah, look the other way, because, um... nothing to see here.
My dinner at Ken Love's was truly something special. There is nothing quite like it in Philadelphia, and I can't wait to return and bring all of my friends. The entire experience had the same warm feeling of eating dinner at a friend's house, if you have a friend that is a wildly talented chef.

Ken Love's is the same space that was once Jaxon, but with the new name comes a new owner, Paul. If you've dined at Jaxon, then you would recognize Paul as one of the chefs. He decided to take over the business in October 2020, which led to the name change. I learned all of this and more while chatting with the extremely friendly, somewhat new, owners Brittany and Paul.

When we arrived, we were greeted by Brittany and seated right away. She went over the menu, recommended some favorites, and opened our bottle of wine. To start, we ordered the pierogis and the brussels sprouts. For our mains, I had the veal bolognese and my boyfriend had the steak. Every single thing was delicious. My anti-brussels sprouts boyfriend was obsessed with the chorizo that made the dish a favorite for him. The pierogis were clearly homemade, as is all of their pastas. The steak came with a glaze sauce that we would buy if they bottled and sold it. My pasta was next level good, with the most tender and flavorful veal and sauce. For dessert, we had the chocolate cake with peanut butter mousse and it was the perfect end to our meal. We were very full, but enough time passed between courses that we were able to prepare for the next dish.

After the incredible experience, I'm surprised at how easily we were able to make a reservation online! I highly recommend snagging a reservation at Ken Love's before everyone else finds out that it is truly a gem.
Jaxon was really good!! Much smaller than I expected, there's only a few tables so make sure you have a reservation. 

I love the changing menu. Just look at the chalkboard for what they're serving. Small menu, but it fits this small place. And everything was so delicious. 

The service was fantastic. He explained every item on the menu. The tables are kind of on top of each other, so not much privacy. 

I really wanted to try the soft shell crab on pasta, I'll try that next time. Instead I went with the fish which was perfectly cooked and had the best bok Choy ever. Ohh and the Mac n cheese side item was to die for! My husband enjoyed his dish also. The toast for the mussels was a tad too burnt, but still good. 

Overall great meal and great service. I'd come back!
Last night we finally checked out Jaxon and were not disppointed. Upon being seated, the owner opened our wines for us and proceeded to tell us about the menu. We decided to start with the escargot, which was dressed with a cauliflower soubise, pickled gooseberry, curry oil, and appeared to be an uncommon combination of things but tasted very good. My party also ordered the agnolotti, short ribs, pork chop and the hanger steak. While I didn't have any of the agnolotti and short ribs, I was told they were both very good. The pork chop that was cooked to a slight pink was pretty good too. I had the hanger steak, and though I usually don't get steak at restaurants (my husband makes killer steaks), this was very, very well made. Cooked to a perfect medium rare and seasoned well, this is a simple yet delicious steak served on top of a romesco sauce that complemented the steak nicely. The haricot verts and fingerling potatoes were good too. Unfortunately, we were all too full for dessert, but maybe next time :)
I came here on a Monday evening with friends during July.  We had called ahead a few hours prior to dinner because of an impending storm, and we were hoping to score a table inside.  They were super friendly and nice about it, and ensured us that if it started to rain, we would be seated inside!

We got there and although the clouds were a looming black with impending doom, we gave it a shot and sat outside (the breeze was incredible!).  Within 15 minutes though, the rain started coming down in sheets, and our waiter kindly ushered us inside to our table, with a big smile!  Inside is tiny, with only a handful of tables - the cool thing is that you can watch the chef make everything, as the kitchen is literally in the dining room.  The only negative about sitting inside so close to the kitchen, is that it was pretty warm in there, and kinda smokey.  After about 30 mins I was completely adjusted, but still had me wishing we could be outside (without the rain, obviously!)

As the name suggests, its a BYOB - which I am SO happy about! We brought a white wine, which our waiter kept cold in the back and continued to come out throughout our meal to refill our glasses - I actually really appreciated that, it was nice not to have the bottle on the table taking up space in this intimate restaurant! 

There were 4 of us, and we decided to share 4 different entrees - we literally just kept rotating plates like clock-work, what a fun way to eat a meal!  Everything was amazing, the dishes so simple yet delicious, and had wonderful accompaniments.   Below is a breakdown of my thoughts on the entrees:
King Salmon : cooked to absolute perfection, served with a quinoa and "verts".  Topped with a somewhat sweet sauce, almost like teriyaki.  I personally don't love sweet/savory together but it was a well executed dish!
Stone Sea Bass : my absolute favorite, I could eat this all by myself (and almost wanted to), seared again, to perfection with a wonderful crispy skin, served over couscous and tomatoes, with zucchini - the veggies were a slight bit salty, but it was divine! 
Coulotte Steak: oh man, this was killer.  Served over a corn/barley mixture with tai-colored carrots (mmm!!) and some sort of sauce.  This was amazing.  Heavier than fish, and since it was so hot that day, it wasn't my first choice for dishes, but I was so glad I had it!
Pork Tenderloin: Amazing as well! served with Chard and Spaetzle, it was really good and also a beautiful presentation.  This was great - again heavy for a summer dish, but SO glad I shared it!

Seems to be a super cute neighborhood favorite (our friends are locals to Fishtown!) and I can't wait to go back and try some more! A definite recommendation!  I would absolutely suggest making a reservation though, because the seating is seriously limited!
Thank you loyal YELP friends for letting me in on this little secret orgasmic experience!   I need a cig and a bourbon to reflect on what happened on my taste buds Saturday night. The brilliance of food prep, ingredient and accompaniments in a couple handfuls of menu choices laid out on a blackboard on the wall and so superbly explained and described, made your mouth water in anticipation of selection.  I want it all, and I want it again and again.  I am such the glutton for these creations.

Small plate starters, for my gorgeous blonde friend for the evening (and more), were the brussels sprouts with a bacon jam.  The jam was slightly spiced with French espelette pepper flakes and topped with grilled strips of halloumi cheese.  I could sit there and eat that bacon jam with a spoon it was sooooo delicious.  The other app we ordered was the crudo for the evening, a kamachi with pear, a slight hint of coconut and adorable little pickled mushrooms.  Both plates were to die for!

I then had the veg dish for the evening...get this...a butternut squash pancake, looks like a mini quiche, with all sorts of veg goodness inside and an exquisite smoked chili aioli.  I simply loved it, the texture, the presentation, all of the ingredient combinations.  Wow, what a great choice by me!!  :-)

My "arm-candy" had the salmon with a beurre blanc poured gently around the fish at the table, and with melted leeks.  The salmon was cooked a perfect medium rare, the leeks were fabulous.  

Couldn't get dessert, pleasantly full.

What a great find, totally wonderful, a neighborhood gem, small and cozy with an open-feeling.  That's it, I'm all out of compliments.  Enjoy!
Came here on a Sunday night and it was packed! Definitely make a reservation. We started with the octopus and it was so good! Perfectly poached and grilled, I just wish I had a bigger piece!

The mac and cheese here is solid, good flavors and perfectly baked. As for the entrees though, I wasn't too impressed.

The sea bass was cooked beautifully but could have been seasoned better. The cauliflower on the sides I wish was pureed not just roasted. The steak was super chewy, I had to let my boyfriend eat that one. 

All in all, I really enjoy the small plates here and the entrees could use some finessing but amazing customer service and adorable interior vibes.
Up from DC for the flower show. Found this place through Yelp.  What a treasure. Tan walls, and muted grey tables place  the emphasis on the food. Matt is in control over the stove, while Tony works the front with a blend of calm and informative.
The grilled octopus started us off. With perfect consistency in the meat, and a taramasalata puree that had roe blended in, so that you get seafoods flavors that enhance each other, cucumber and radish. An unlikely combination that works. 
Our first entree was the garganelli pasta, with lamb ragu, pocini mushrooms, and sunchoke chips. Al dente pasta, the richness of the lamb, the earthy porchinis, and then surprise, a crunch from the chips.  Ragus and pastas pair up all the time, but sunchoke chips take this dish in a novel direction. 
Our final entree was the short ribs. You know they were cooked in low heat for a long time.  The meat falls apart under a fork, and antis up deep flavor from the marinade.
Then there is purple polenta, ( from blue corn), and a winter slaw. Scrumptious.
Both entrees paired nicely with our medium bodied pinot noir.
We finished with fresh berries over a crepe, and decaf. Loved the crepe, but I have to spend a moment on the decaf. It had a bold concentrated flavor, with that beautiful chocolate colored crema layer on top. One of the better decafs I've had in a long time.
Wake up Philadelphia!  I am looking around DC for a place with this level of originality, quality, and value, and I can't find it's equal. Could you be over looking the treasure that is in your own back yard?
Where better to reunite with a childhood friend than a BYOB on a pleasant corner in one of Philly's fab neighborhoods? We dined al fresco and stayed late.

Sam and I shared two small plates and one entree, which were explained in harrowing detail by our server (there is no paper menu). 

The cacio e pepe was divine, not to mention seasonal with fresh corn and shaved zucchini.

The tomato and goat cheese salad was tiny for a whopping $14-- next time I would go with another app if I was planning on sharing.

The rainbow trout was a nice size, with crispy skin and a garlicky kale base. 

We decided to go to Dmitri's for dessert based on others' reviews of Jaxon's offerings-- can't deny their chocolate pot de creme.

Jaxon is a welcome addition to our BYO scene.
Another place to up the food scene in nolibs and fishtown.
Cute little byo with some nice outdoor seating (i.e. you won't feel like people are walking on top of you). 
Service was good-I wanted more water and less rushing to clear my plates. But friendly. 
The food was beyond good. Flavorful and perfectly seasoned. Octopus was cooked to tender perfection. I was concerned that the asparagus tempura would be just that... But it was better. The entrees were great and although they seemed pricey, they were actually quite large (making up for said price). I loved the combo of savory sweet and a bit of tart with the pork. And soft shell crabs always make my day--with the awesome salad to make the dish light.
My only sadness was dessert-only once choice-a waffle with bacon jam and ice cream. The flavors were lovely but textures were all off. Waffle not crispy enough and the ice cream was sort of grainy. 
Overall a lovely dining experience and can't wait to go back!
Writing this review as I'm currently sitting in the restaurant finishing my last glass of wine. Ken Love's BYOB is spectacular. The tasting notes they present in their food are a methodical layer of wonderful cohabitating flavors.  It's a fantastic husband and wife team that took over Jaxon BYOB. My only critique would be to maybe add one more service person so the fabulous & warm wife could spend a bit more time with the guests.  Other than that a fabulous culinary experience.  (And hearing the chef sing along to his custom playlist is next level wonderful! Brings another energy to the restaurant, love it!) 

We ordered: 
Baby carrots 
Watermelon salad 
Pappardelle bolognese 
Hanger steak 

100% will be back SOON!
Jaxon is not only a fantastic dining experience, I think it helps define the soul of modern Philadelphia cuisine.  It has all of the elements that define Philly.  The chef is daring to combine flavors and textures in unusual ways while all at the same time keeping the dishes not too refined, just exploding with flavor.  

Philly chefs at their best are fearless, expressive and willing to feature more vegetables than either classic continental cuisine or simple American comfort food.  Jaxon does this.  Modern Philly restaurants are casually, industrially decorated while offering friendly and also professional service.  Jaxon has this.  Add to this the fact that it is BYOB and it becomes a sublime experience.

We had 8 plates of food among 4 people, and the only ones that didn't blows away were still prepared perfectly and were tasty and good.  Let's start with those:  striped bass with chick pea, clam and chorizo.  It was only less exciting because it wasn't as original as the others but it was still very good.  Spaghetti with prawns, crab, parmesan.  Once again, not original but good.

The other 6 plates were dishes I would eat again and again.  Octopus grilled to perfection with a taramosalata that beats the Greeks.  Ricotta agnolotti with a fra diavolo that was one of the best I've ever had.  Brussels sprouts with that incredible bacon jam, yes, but since we had to have it on the side, the dish without it was still incredible too.  Pork cheeks, melt in your mouth with a cauliflower cassoulet?  Yeah.  Wow.  Pasta with lamb neck, sunchoke chips, amazing deep flavors and textures.  And finally, house made spaetzle with mushrooms, kohlrabi, etc.  Yeah, vegetarian and amazing.

The service was wonderful, the waiter noted our craft Vermont beers along with our wine and we talked about it.  The restaurant was not packed on a Friday, a couple open tables remained.  Come here, it isn't sold out months in advance.  But it could be.
Ok, so here's the deal. I went to college in Philly eons ago and the food was mediocre at best. So when I stumbled upon Jaxon by chance, I wished that we had more options like this in southern California. 

The place was packed at 5:30, which is surprising for a new restaurant. Good sign!

The food was fresh, tasty, and well-priced. My friend and I shared the grilled asparagus, she had the fettuccine, and I chowed the fried pork loin. 

Since I was coming in from the airport, I didn't byob, but Jaxon's warm and welcoming vibe made it all ok. 

Definitely get the insane warm brownie with fresh whipped cream and candied orange rind. Holy moly....
Finally tried Jaxon BYOB this weekend and it did not disappoint. Had to wait a little bit for our six person reservation but the restaurant is very small and we waited for a couple who had long finished so they could create our six top. The restaurant was very apologetic even though it was beyond their control. That said we got a perfect outdoor table with great weather so the setting was perfect. 

Everything we tried was amazing so I highly recommend you go with a party of at least four so you can try a variety of dishes. 

We got: grilled octopus, watermelon salad, grilled Caesar, and Mac n cheese for apps. The Mac n cheese was a huge hit with our party. Flavorful and creamy, it was gone in a flash. The other apps were also excellent. I enjoyed how refreshing the watermelon salad was. My favorite was the grilled Caesar salad. It was elegant and the flavors went well together. 

For entrees we tried: squid ink spaghetti, redfish (a sea bass like fish), maiitake mushroom, scallops, and the lamb neck filet. Everything was great. I probably liked the maiitake the least but it was still so good. The other entrees just blew me away. My favorites were the lamb which was so tender and the redfish. It was seasoned amazingly and the skin was super crunchy. 

Finally we ended with two desserts even though we were stuffed and late for the show we were headed to afterwards. I had an espresso with dessert which was a perfect way to end the night. 

Would recommend. You can tell they are really excited about their food and their atmosphere.
Jaxon BYOB did not disappoint in the food department, but the service left me feeling a little jaded. 

Our group of 4 arrived this past Friday night right on time for our 7:30 PM reservation. We wanted to do something special as we were celebrating my friend's birthday and my brother's recent home purchase in the Fishtown area. My friend suggested that we give Jaxon a try since it is right down the street from his place and my brother's new home. 

When we arrived, we were told that the table was not ready yet, so we stood by the door in the small waiting area and chatted for a bit. After about 15 minutes passed by, no one had come over to us to give us an update on the table. Finally, at 8:00 PM (a half hour after we arrived/our reservation time), we were finally brought to our table. I was expecting an apology for the long wait, but the staff did not seem to think anything of it. 

Our server came right over and took our bottle of prosecco to chill, and brought out wine glasses for our bottle of red. He did a good job explaining how the menu works (small plates are about 5-6 bites, large plates are a full entrée portion). We were staving, so right away we put in an order of the braised calamari, grilled octopus, and pea and carrot salad. 

The small plates came out fairly quick, which was fine with us since we had spent the past half hour catching up while waiting for our table. The braised calamari came in a robust tomato sauce and was served with grilled bread. Everyone at the table was in agreement that it was very delicious. The pea and carrot salad was simple and refreshing, and had a nice garlic and mint bite. I very much enjoyed the grilled calamari, but the others in my group were not as impressed by it as I was. Overall, we were satisfied, not too full and ready for our main dishes.

I went with the skate wing, my friend had the whole trout, and my brother and wife split the fettuccini and southern fried pork loin. My skate wing was delicious and I could not stop raving about it for days after. The sauce reminded me of a teriyaki sauce and the grapefruit wedges added a nice fresh element. My friend's trout was also delicious and had the perfect amount of butter to make the sauce decadent but not too greasy. My brother and his wife also seemed to enjoy their choices. 

The dessert of the night was a macha tres leches cake, so we put 1 in to split. When it arrived, we were expecting it to be moist and light like a tres leches cake typically is, but it was very dry and I couldn't help but describe the texture as being similar to freeze-dried space ice cream. The general consensus was that we could have done without it. Being that there was only 1 dessert option, I think our expectations were pretty high. 

The service was nothing I would rave about, but our waiter was friendly and attentive enough to make it a pretty enjoyable experience.

I would like to give 3.5 stars, but based on the fact that we were left waiting for our table without any apology, compted dessert or appetizer, I feel that 3 stars will suffice for now.
I had friends cancel my birthday dinner, no comment. So another friend insisted we grab dinner and Jaxon was suggested. And I'm so glad it was! This MAY be a contender for the best meal I've had in Philadelphia. It's tucked away in northern liberties but I'm so glad my friend knows the owner and we were able to check it out 

Service: it may help that we knew everyone but I noticed they were really just being great with all the patrons and were very attentive the gentleman that read out the menu was knowledgeable, answered all my questions and I learned a lot about food from him in such a short amount of time. 

We ended up choosing 3 things to share:

Mac and cheese: this is what the chef was known for at his last restaurant and it's the only thing he carried over to this one. It was amazing! Smokey and heavy on the Parmesan I wanted to eat the whole thing but had to pace myself. 

Stone Sea bass:
The sea bass was well seasoned, had a nice crust and was cooked PERFECTLY. It came on a bed of fennel, almost and romanesco and it was absolutely wonderful. It melted in my mouth and just was amazing in every level. 

Coulotte Steak:
coulotte is the type of cut of steak. Oh my god it was so good. Seasoned nicely and had a bit of a crust on it and cooked medium rare. Just delicious. It came with smashed fingerling potatoes and a Worcester aioli. 

That all said their menu changes often but they do keep a few things consistently. This is a great spot for catching up with friends as well as a date. I really can't wait to go back!
Hidden gem! I can't believe more people don't know about this place! We were greeted warmly before we even stepped through the door. The two male waiters (suspected owners also?) ushered us in while holding the door open and leading us to our choice of tables for two. The space is small, with a modern, minimalist design with vintage Edison light bulbs hanging from the high ceiling linked through ladders (really funky looking) and sleek wooden tables. There can't be more than 10-12 tables in the whole restaurant. The kitchen is open and the menu is on a blackboard - changes daily and is seasonal. 

Our waiter explained each dish on the menu in detail and even filled us in on where the carefully chosen ingredients were sourced. There is definite thought and care put into each dish. The service definitely was a highlight of the evening. It made the experience feel special and uniquely catered to us. My boyfriend and I both had the octopus starter (wow) on a creamy bed of taramosalata (carp roe, butter, lemon among other ingredients) crunchy radishes and cucumbers. This was the most unique, knock your socks off delicious presentation of octopus I've ever eaten. We both then melted into the salmon main dish with melted leeks and beurre blanc poured table side. So rich decadent. Salmon was mid rare, perfect and so fresh with crispy skin. 

Only small complaints would be I could see how the space could be loud... as we were wrapping up they sat 2 six-top tables. We were lucky to get in before the rush. We also received our dishes quite quickly and were done both courses in under 45 minutes. I prefer longer wait times at the beginning and between. The food was so delish I could have lingered for much longer. Other small thing was no bread service. Although not necessary I was dreaming of dipping crusty bread in that taramalsalata or beurre blanc. That aside, we left there pleasantly satisfied and even skipped dessert.

Can't wait to return!!!!
My boyfriend and I had been trying to get a last minute reservation at Jaxon for about a month and were lucky enough to get a last minute reservation last night! It was definitely worth the wait. 

Jaxon was small and had a quaint intimate atmosphere. There were two servers, one of which is the owner, 2 cooks in the very open kitchen and one dishwasher. During our meal we talked to the head chef, the owner and the other server. 

The service was excellent! The blackboard menu changes every day and our server went through each and every dish with detail.  While the food is officially categorized as new American, the night we went, the dishes varied in inspiration from Mediterranean, Japanese, Italian, Spanish and more. According to our server, the menu changes daily and you can always find an eclectic mix of food. 

For appetizers we got octopus and mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was delicious. It contained goat cheese, cheddar and parmesan cheeses. It was crispy on top and creamy in the middle. The octopus was also delicious. It was cooked beautifully and was incredibly tender. It was on top of taramasalta which was creamy and had a little bit of heat. It was topped with pickled radish and cucumber which balanced the dish nicely. 

For our main dishes, we shared the pork chop and the okonomiyaki. The okonomiyaki is a play on Japanese street food which was a Japanese pancake. It had cabbage, corn, and butternut squash in the batter and was topped with chipotle aioli and some peppers. It was a super unique dish that contained sweet, salty, spicy and savory flavors which made it super tasty. The pork chop was placed on top of risotto with pancetta and pumpkin which was a great fall dish. 

For dessert we ordered a polenta budino. It was topped with berry compote and shaved almonds. It was very texturally interesting and was delicious. 

Overall, the food was amazing, service was great and the ambiance was romantic and quaint making it an amazing experience. Will definitely be returning soon!
Have been wanting to try this place since the sign first went up several weeks ago and got the chance last night...so glad Jaxon is now in the neighborhood! Though less than 2 weeks old the place runs flawlessly...and the food is delicious! The young greens and pear salad is a wonderful balance of sweet and sharp between the lovely locally sourced blue cheese and the dressing with the ripe pears, greens and macadamia nuts rounding out the flavors (and textures...great contrasts). The homemade fettuccine with peas was also delicious. The perfectly cooked fettuccine was complemented by peas and pea tendrils with a sprinkling of Parmesan and coarse black pepper - great early spring dish. They told us they will be changing their menu with the availability of local produce and other items, which we're looking forward to. The menu is not large (6 small plates, 6 large plates) but there is definitely something for everyone who enjoys well prepared, creative food. With but 10 tables and an open kitchen it is a small and busy place. They do take reservations, which I would recommend making. I love the minimalist decor...perfect for the space! Looking forward to going back!
I had been wanting to try Jaxon for quite some time, so glad I finally got the chance. We only had time to try a few small plates and a large plate. I had high expectations after they won best BYOB in Philly mag but I was still blown away. My favorite dish was the Pork Belly small plate, but I would also highly recommend the Heirloom tomatoes, scallops, and octopus. Definitely need to come back to try more of the large dishes.
It's not everyday that you get to be in an empty restaurant with no servers or chefs! Fun story for sure, but I will likely not be back, especially since there are so many other great restaurants in the area. The food itself was fine, but if you're looking for a great, intimate BYOB with fresh, seasonal ingredients, I think Helm, Little Fish, and Pumpkin have better food. 

We got three small plates to share and one large plate. The frog legs were a bit bland. The cornbread was stellar though and the highlight of the night. The bone marrow tasted great, but there was so little of it. The veggies were also delicious. The mussels were also good. Loved the flavors and the bread was perfect for dipping into the sauce. We also got the pork chop, which was a bit dry. The outside was burnt, and the rub was too salty. 

Anyway, food aside, I want to discuss how unprofessional the restaurant was. The server we had was nice and doing her best. The chef (and sous-chef and server) disappeared for a solid 5-10 minutes during our meal. The chef was also dancing and yelling song lyrics during our meal. And drinking. It was definitely a bit loud and disruptive. Maybe that's why the food didn't turn out as well as it could have. We all have bad days, so maybe something was off with our meal, but man, what a strange experience.
Ken Love's is a very unique dining experience.

I'll start with the menu, which is quite eclectic and difficult to describe. There doesn't seem to be a unifying theme or cuisine, but rather it consists of random dishes the owner likes to cook. If you're coming with a group, this can be an asset - you're not commuting to one type of food, but rather everyone can get something different! It does just make it a bit difficult to wrap my mind around, though - perhaps it's just too convention-defying! We tried the fried frog legs, which were a bit small and lacked a flavor punch (though the accompanying cornbread was delicious). I then got the tandoori chicken for my main (mainly because I was skeptical whether I would enjoy any of the other dishes). The tandoori chicken was HUGE - I only ate half and took the rest home. It was tasty, though also not like a normal tandoori chicken - they just cooked the entire chicken whole, rather than cutting it into pieces like a normal Indian tandoori chicken. This meant the spice-to-meat ratio was a bit low (because of less surface area), though it was still overall good. The dessert menu was equally eclectic, and I personally wasn't a fan of any of the items, though your mileage may vary.

The indoor ambiance is intimate and feels like you're in the owner's home. There are only about five tables, and the kitchen area is just a corner of the room you can look directly into. The staff were singing quite boisterously as they worked and had a "welcome to our home" kind of hospitality. It was endearing though also not a normal type of experience.

Overall I enjoyed trying the restaurant, though I didn't love it enough to need to come back. The people were very friendly, but the food just wasn't my flavor.
I really wanted to like this place and had been looking forward to it but was left somewhat dissatisfied. 

My two friends and I made a reservation for 6:45pm on a Friday. We ordered the octopus to share, which was the highlight of the night -- it had a great char to it and was very tender. Unfortunately, the spinach gnocchi that I ordered for my main course wasn't the same homerun. The large plate held exactly eight pieces of gnocchi ... not the meal I was expecting. The gnocchi itself had a weird texture from the spinach incorporated into it, and the beurre blanc sauce was more oily than creamy. For a $25 pasta dish, I was expecting more. 

One suggestion I have for the service is that going through every single appetizer and entree on the menu in extruciating detail is simply unnecessary. It was impressive for sure, but I didn't expect to listen to a 15 minute spiel as soon as we sat down. He was on such a roll though that it was difficult to interrupt. A few recommendations would've been more than enough.
After researching non-italian BYOBs (very scarce) I decided to go here for a date. Reading through the reviews prior, it seemed pretty confident to say the food and service looked above average. The owner, Tony took our order who was very courteous and attentive to us. 

As you arrive to the restaurant, it stood out well within the Northern Liberties area with its simplistic brick wall design and open concept dining room. the appetizers are made for your viewing in the same room which was pretty neat. We ordered the octopus which is their top item and has never changed (menu changes regularly) since they've opened. It was by far one of the most delicious pieces of Octopus I've had which was very tasty and tender, not chewy at all.

However, despite the success of the appetizers the entrees were a huge letdown. I ordered the pork medallions with pumpkin risotto. The risotto was great but the pork was all extremely dry and hard to cut through. My date ordered the roulette steak which was also tough despite it being medium rare, granted it was a very lean piece of steak. Additionally the potatoes were a bit too salty and the arugula was extremely sour. My saliva was actually sweet after eating the arugula. This may have been an off day for them but expected much better for the price point and other reviews.
I've been here so many times, can't believe I've never left a review. The skinny: this is more than a hidden gem, this is a chef waiting to explode into the scene. Every time I go the menu changes and it always has crazy good but also inventive dishes. It's far and away the best BYOB in Northern Liberties, if not the entire city.

Things to remember for your visit:
Get the octopus.
Get the porkchop, of you are lucky enough to have it.
The menu is very diverse. Don't let that fool you. I can't figure out what their specialty is, beyond having an inventive and unpredictable palette.
Be ready for the chef to sing to the radio. Be ready to sing along.
Was here on a Friday night, April 16, there was only one waitress, so you can't really blame her, but terrible service, very slow. She actually came over to us after we were waiting for food for 40 minutes and said can you remind me again of what you ordered? Food was just OK at best. 

I went to the bathroom and it was quite disgusting! Management should definitely have more people working especially on a weekend night!! Would definitely not return and not recommend!!
I am not one to give 5 stars out without the establishment truly earning it. My standards are based on the quality,service and overall cleanliness  of the business in this case "The restaurant".  From the pleasantness from the gentleman that logged in my RSVP to the owner willing to take a picture with me and his staff as we said our goodbyes. 
We were made to feel right at home from the moment we arrived. Everything on the menu board was explained in detail and not rushed leaving your head spinning. 
Once we decided our selections we were assured we had both made great choices. It appears that this small open kitchen is busy and handled by the two chefs that even found the time to check in on us while dining. 
Small restaurant which makes for a cozy ambience that is noisy but yet just quiet enough to hold a conversation.
Menu board changes from time to time but there are a few staples that are hits. Ask the server he knows the right way to steer you in. The entire staff checks on everyone as they walk by but are not annoying.  Every bite was a an explosion of flavors on my palette.  A bit pricey but you get what you pay for and this was worth every penny. 
I know there are tons of great restaurants in the city but I will definitely come back to this one again. 
Well done!
Not a Newbie!  My wife and I discovered Jaxon by accident 3 years ago when we went looking for a bite after visiting our daughter's art show nearby.  Incredibly creative, delicious "small Plates" and "large plates", crafted to perfection and beautifully presented by a friendly and accomodating staff from the master chef/owner.   This is now a regular stop, our Philly favorite, and greatest place to pop in unannounced on a weekend with our friends, who are consistently blown away by the great offerings- last night's selections included the renowned Octopus, duck breast, a creative Cauliflower based vegetarian dish, soft shell crabs, great seafood, arugala with watermelon salad.  Not a morsel of anything was left on any plate leaving our table! 

Please don't tell anyone but your closest friends about this gem!  

Had to snap a shot of my duck breast served over cornbread:
***This is important*** JAXON BYOB is absolutely amazing. Of the amazing BYOBs there are in Philly, this place is at the very top. This little gem is bursting with everything you could appreciate about a well ran and established restaurant. For starters, we had the grilled octopus and the macaroni and cheese. The octopus was plated a subtle radish and Greek dip that complimented the dish perfectly. And the mac and cheese had the perfect combination of cheeses with each one of them making an appearance on the palate during each bite which I completely appreciated. Side note: Thinking I may tell my Aunt Mattie Ree that someone has finally beat her in the mac and cheese arena.

Next, we had the hanger steak and wild boar Bolognese. All I can say is OMFG! The preparation of both dishes was perfect, and these dishes sealed the deal that we would definitely be coming back for more. 

I'm generally not a desert guy, but for some reason the bread pudding spoke to me. Well, me and my #MCE pretty much gobbled it up as soon as it hit the table! 

Everything about this place exceeded our exspectations on every level. We will most definitely--without a shadow of doubt--be back for more.
Came here on a Wednesday night with a group of friends. It wasn't too crowded and it had a great atmosphere. The owner himself came and served us explaining everything on the menu. Started off with some appetizers which were really good. The grilled octopus was super tender and the chicken liver mousse was made well. The seafood entrees were solid. We had scallops with cous cous and soft shell crab pasta. Both were crispy and crunchy on the outside and very juicy on the inside. We also ordered the duck breast which was a bit on the dry side and the braised lamb neck special which was very tender and not gamey.

Since the restaurant inside was little hot because they dont have air conditioning, the owner gave us 2 desserts on the house. 

It was overall a great experience and would come back here in the future. Ingredients were all very fresh
The ambience of this place... Perfection! Food presentation... Divine! Service... Excellent! Pricing... A little off. 

Seriously loved every minute of it. The fact that it's a BYOB is literally amazing. However there were some things left to be desired. The space is small, so I can't imagine how it would feel on a weekend night (went on a Monday with my boyfriend) and we were seated in a semi timely fashion. As much as I LOVED the food, I don't think the dishes themselves called for the pricing they were at. And don't get me wrong, I'm a fan of using locally sourced ingredients and I get that it comes with a price, but when your chef is too heavy on the pepper with every dish you're served you begin to wonder whether the staff also realizes this fact as well.
Went to Jaxon BYOB for a nice dinner. It was AWESOME. The menu is small and the owner actually comes out and talks to you about each option and helps you pick out what you like best based on your tastes. We got the octopus which was delicious, the ravioli also very tasty. For mains, we got the osso buco and the rabbit bolognese which Im still dreaming about! Highly recommended for a special dinner out.
Went in with three friends Wednesday night, the four of us had a great meal and service. 

Open kitchen right there in the dining room with the owner taking care of the tables. Small, cute, nice design. 

Menu was small, but diverse, very seaonal, had stuff for everyone. Just the way I like it. We ordered all over the menu and everything was cooked perfectly and the timing of the meal was just right.

Will be back soon!
Tried this small but quaint BYOB on a friends recommendation and yelp reviews. Not disappointed! Great food, varied menu, quaint space and friendly host/waiter.
The octopus, Brussels sprouts and mushroom tarting were well prepared and enjoyed by all.

The salmon entree was the finest prepared piece of fish that was perfectly done. The sea bass also was a winner.

Not dessert eaters but the pot de creme was the perfect ending to a great meal. Will be back again.....and again........and again!
Chef Matt does it well!  All the dishes were perfectly spiced and well presented.  Tony (owner) and Ben were very friendly and laid back.  I wish this team the best of luck with continued success!
This place is super good. The food is really fresh tasting, and preparations are delicious. We thought the pricing wasn't bad, and of course BYO makes it even better. We plan to get back and try more of the menu, and hope specials are interesting. It is really exciting to have Jaxon as a new addition to the neighborhood!
I loved this place. There were maybe 2 people working there - one chef and one host/waiter. It's a small cozy interior, with a larger outside in good weather. Small, changing menu that the waiter explained in detail. There were more ethnic-inspired dishes that I was expecting, and I thought they were executed very well. Eg a rack of tandoori lamb, a fish with Japanese ingredients. Even with a large group of 10, food came in a timely manner and together.
Overall   

We were not expecting to have this much fun dining at Ken Loves BYOB. We walked in without reservation on a Saturday night around 7pm. RIght away, we could tell they are BUSY. There were only 2 chefs and 1 server for 10 tables, but we got lucky and got seated within 10 mins.  The food can take awhile for obvious reasons but since it's BYO, we just gladly enjoyed our drink while we wait. 

Menu was hand written on the wall (it seems like the menu changes quite often, so make sure you check their website prior of visit) There are some interesting appetizers and entree, like frog legs, escargot, and soft shell crab; however, we went with the following dishes

|Octopus $18 | Grape Tomatoes were nicely roasted, along with the cripsy fingerling potatoes. Octopus itself had nice smoky flavor. The slighty sweet jam/sauce create a nice balance with the pickles.  

|Pappardelle $27| Creamy and filling. Veal boloenese is rich but not so much that you get bored after the third bite. You can taste the milky aged flavor of Grana Padano cheese that melted on top of the pappardelle.  

|Hanger Steak  $33| I was curious with the asian approach so I had to give it a try. Steak came out perfect at medium rare (what i wanted). Shitaki mushroom was soft and juicy. The whole baby bok choy brings some lightness to the plate as the unagi sauce can be too savory by itself.  

I highly recommend making a reservation for indoor dining to enjoy the full experience. The music was just as amazing as the food. Both front and back of house seem to be enjoying their work. On top of that, Chef came out to talk to us after service which we really appreciate. Thank you  KenLoves, We will come back again :)
I love my BYOBs and this one stands strong in my top 3. I have been back to Philly 6 years now and lived in grad hospital and now Northern Libs hitting up all the BYOs in between. Anyways, Jaxson has it all- from good vibes to even better food. Obviously Tony knows what he is doing with food and always has a great smile to pair!

With the menu consistently changing we try to get here once a month showing off the neighborhood spot to friends and family! ... always great to try the seasonal things but incredibly hard not to order the Mac and cheese or octopus to start!! 

You can't go wrong with anything it's always fresh and delish! They even have a veggie option (if your interested) 

So grab your favorite bottle (I'm on a Oregon kick) and hit up Jaxson!

Side note: if you sit outside the chairs are deceiving! They are very comfortable
Delicious!! I'm so glad I finally got to try this place out. NL was in need of a solid BYOB in the neighborhood, and Jaxon does not disappoint! I got the fried pork loin--holy guac, it was SO tasty, and crispy, and tender. The BF got the whole trout and said it was pretty good but just a little bland...a pinch of salt would have done the trick. Oh, and to start we got the grilled octopus appetizer. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was because I thought it was a little too pricey for the portion sizes, but I guess they can charge a little more since it's a BYOB--specifically I thought the octopus dish was insanely expensive for what you actually got, which was 1 small leg for, I think, $17? Ah well, it was still very good, so I guess I shouldn't complain too much! Aside from the food, the ambiance was adorable (great date spot!) and the service was on point. Very impressed.
Okay I can't even wait I have to post this now even tho I literally just left the place. GO! It's amazing. It was a lovely establishment, intimate and cute, the staff was so personable and you could tell they were truly passionate about their restaurant. And the food: Christ. It's was amazing. I had homemade spaghetti with rabbit- insane. My partner had the steak and was a very happy camper. We split the octopus (neither of us ever having octopus) and were blown away by the presentation and taste. We MUST come back with even more wine ;) love you guys!
Jaxon is quite the hip lil byob spot! The service was EXCELLENT & atmosphere great ! Their menu was quite substantial. For our appetizer round we went with their famous octopus, hamachi, mussels and mac & cheese. Anyone reading this review, please do me the favor and absolutely order the Mac & Cheese -prob my favorite bite of the night!! Our entrees had a mix of ribs, gnocchi, sea bass and barramundi- the fish was cooked perfectly and each entree had an interesting pairing with layers of flavor. Would def be returning!
Me and my boyfriend live down the street from this new restaurant and we have been wanting to try it out since it opened. We finally had the chance to Sunday. We ordered quite a few dishes (Mac and cheese, asparagus, pork patê,  grilled octopus, and the fettuccine and chicken and sausage for the main course). The Mac and cheese was okay, it was real oily so the cheese really didn't stick well to the pasta, it was more like buttered pasta and cheese. I did like the burnt flavor from the crust on the top pieces of the pasta, but everything under that first layer is quite oily and didn't hold too much flavor. The fettuccine was okay too. A little too al dente for my taste, but it was still OK. The pork patê was ridiculously delicious. I can't even tell you how much I loved that dish. I regret not getting two orders. It's covered with really sweet and juicy mango strings and it's placed on a nice slice of bread. It is such a wonderful and unique combination. The grilled octopus was amazing as well. It's served as a full tentacle which was very different from most places. Most of the time you find them sliced. That was perfectly seasoned and didn't have that rubbery texture is was tender and flavorful. The asparagus was in a creamy sauce and it had a spicy kick to it. The chicken and sausage was served with asparagus, but the sausage was okay, it's the chicken I would rave about. The chicken was juicy and the flavor was out of this world. I would definitely recommend trying this new place out. The customer service was very good as well. We sat outside and they didn't have menus.. I guess it was one of their first days of outside seating being available and because we had our dog we weren't able to go in together, we were going to take turns going in but the waiter was nice enough to snap a photo of the menu and give us his phone. The staff checked on us frequently and made us feel very welcomed. They are BYOB, which is cool because it cuts out a lot of the money you would spend on drinks. Our total was $108 for all of the dishes we had and I think that was a pretty fair cost. I will definitely be going back and I definitely recommend this new spot to people who are interested.
A great dining experience! We had the cauliflower and the trout caesar salad as appetizers, and both were fantastic. For an entree, we shared the pork chop, which was ENORMOUS, and served over delicious barley. The restaurant is small, but does not feel cramped. My only comment is that I wish they printed paper menus, but I understand that their offerings change daily. We sat right under the chalkboard so it was a little bit awkward to pick out our meal. Regardless, the service was great and the food hit every mark!
Sharp small space - laid back feel but culinary expertise shines.  The blackboard menu uses epicurean names but includes ingredients (for us regular folk) which makes choosing simpler.

Grilled octopus ($16) was served as a whole tentacle.  Dramatic and a bit disconcerting; we cut up to share.  Tender and nicely seasoned but not great value.   
A homemade spaghetti with fresh corn ($14) was spectacular; tempted to lick the bowl.

The shoulder steak end cut ($34) was grilled precisely as ordered (one choose medium; another medium rare). Wild salmon was also ordered and reported tasty.

Unique quality in a BYOB.  Its unfair to compare prices to places with liquor income.
So grab good wine and enjoy.
Had the best experience at Jaxon. BYOB with a great atmosphere! The two times I have visited I have been served by the owner himself! He's wonderful, and he explains each menu item in depth! We shared the octopus, mac n cheese, tuna crudo, and the scallops. We were absolutely blown away by the tuna crudo and the scallops. Loved having so many great seafood additions on the menu! Everything we had was presented beautifully and tasted even better. Can't wait to come back! 

Also I would recommend making a reservation ahead of time unless you plan to go right around when they open, the place fills up really quickly!
No other word to describe this place than amazing. We were a little late for our reservation but they kept our table. The small plates were to die for and the entrees speak for themselves. Service was on point and prompt, very knowledgeable about every dish. We will be back.
The food was good - especially the calamari in red sauce- octopus was also worth a try. I had the pork - it was okay - maybe too much breading. Dessert was average- not worth the calories. The room is small and when full the noise level can be a bit overwhelming. Service friendly and knowledgeable.
I was lucky enough to be in the neighborhood when I ran into Tony. He invited me and three of my friends inside for a soft opening. The food was delicious!! We all ordered one thing from the "Large plates" part of the menu and there wasn't anything that I wouldn't have ordered again. Tony is a very caring guy and really takes ownership of his restaurant named after his son. I can't wait for it to finally open on the 16th! I will sure to make weekly or bi-weekly visits to stop in for a healthy, tasty, perfectly portioned meal. The service was great too! Bring your best wine and closest friends and Jaxon won't disappoint!
Went here for the first time on Monday night.  It is a small corner restaurant with maybe 25 seats.  Quaint- with a French or New Orleans kind of feel.  We had The Brussel sprouts, seared salmon and the Lamb ragout.  Everything was wonderful and the service was impeccable.  Will definitely be a new favorite spot in NoLibs.  One suggestion- add a special entree nightly.  The menu is small (which is fine because it is diverse)- but a nightly special would keep me in there more often so there are new things to try.
We had two small plates, the grilled asparagus and the peas and carrot salad, and the skate wing.  It was plenty for the two of us and each dish was a delight. You know how it feels great when you get food that is along the lines of what you cook at home, but is way beyond what you could ever pull off? This was it. 

Go and enjoy.
Great tasting food and excellent preparation. Nice small space with an open kitchen. Food was overpriced for a casual neighborhood spot, considering the substance/quantity, but that was the only negative aspect.
My boyfriend and I went to try Jaxon on Sunday for dinner. He use to be a chef and here was his review:

Environment - clean and contemporary. Limited seating that's very open and a good view of the talented chef.

Menu - definitely seasonal and thoughtfully compiled. The menu that truly a great or aspiring chef would put together as a resume.

Staff - thoughtful and well versed, great service

Food - this is by far the best restaurant I have ever been to in philly. The limited menu shows the dedication to quality,  balancing flavors and textures. 
What we ordered:
Grilled cobia - cooked perfectly, leeks were grilled perfectly, romesco was tasty. My recommendation would be leave the cobia with the skin to get better flavor and get a nice char on it. I might also ditch the romesco sauce in favor of something a bit more complementary, lighter and more fragrant/flavorful.

Fried Porkloin - this dish showed brilliance from the fry, the buttermilk vinaigrette, Swiss chard and grilled plum. The breading was the best I've  ever had, extremely crispy and tasty without a hint of oil.  The contradicting textures of crispy fried Porkloin with the Swiss chard and the balance of the grilled plum and creamy buttermilk vinaigrette remarked brilliance that had me switching every bite. My only recommendation would be to grill pears or a less sweet fruit instead of plums since for me they were too sweet. I spoke to the chef after who said he was already working on something since he also thought it was too sweet and threw off the balance. He might source plums from somewhere else next time (not west coast). This statement confirmed a chef that not only knows his food but knows his produce sources and goals for his menu. We overhead as we walked out "see, I fucking love shit like that" from the chef to our waiter.

I truly think this restaurant is destined for greatness with a great staff and chef. After tweaking some of the balances I think they will be a destination restaurant with one of the best menus in the city.
So glad we found this spot! For a small space with one chef they had a pretty extensive menu. We wound up ordering the octopus, mussels, mac and cheese and the hamachi. Surprisingly the mac and cheese was the star - we wound up ordering 2 more portions, it was that good! The larger plates all had an interesting spin on it as well and the service was excellent. Great for date nights or small groups.
We absolutely loved this place. LOVED. L-O-V-E-D! The atmosphere.. the staff.. the intimate dining experience was all so wonderful. On top of all that, the food was some of the best we have ever had. It was such a great evening! We tried the octopus. Def a must try and we actually wanted more. We also shared a salad which was amazing. I got the sea bass. He got the steak. He was blown away by the steak. I was equally blown away by the bass. Best tasting bass I've ever had. We also indulged in the desserts. From start to finish it was absolutely the best dining experience we have had so far. We can not wait to go back. We don't live close otherwise this would be a weekly (maybe more!) type of place for us.
I found a favorite place when I come to Philly. It's rare to see an owner's passion come to life this way; the result is absolutely remarkable.

We took my parents here for Christmas and tasted much of the menu. Exceptional flavors and preparation and service that makes you feel at home.
Came here for brunch on a Sunday morning and I was blown away. Intimate spot on the corner with some outdoor seating- which we took advantage of given the nice weather.

Once we were seated, we had quick service and the owner run down the brunch menu with us quickly. We decided to split the chocolate potato donuts (such a cool concept/really delicious) and then each got the Jaxon benedict. Beyond tasty and super rich. 

Side note- the fresh OJ is INSANELY good. Will definitely be back for brunch and would love to try for dinner as well!
This is my favorite restaurant in the city. The food is delicious, great service, cozy environment, the owner is super friendly! I could go on and on about how much I love this place. Definitely check it out!
I found this restaurant on Yelp while looking for the perfect restaurant for my boyfriend's birthday dinner - And it was exactly what I was looking for. I called to make a reservation earlier in the week and while it was ringing I realized the restaurant was closed this day. Surprisingly, someone still picked up and made my reservation. At that point, I knew the service was going to be amazing. We arrived a few minutes earlier than our reservation time but were seated right away. Set up is awesome - open kitchen and few tables, so it feels special to be there. The waiter we had was great, I wish I got his name. He read out and explained their menu, which was extremely helpful because the chalkboard menu left us with a few questions that were all answered while he went into detail on each item. We had a difficult time picking out what we wanted because it all sounded so good! We started with the grilled octopus and the mac n cheese (our waiter called it the crack n cheese and we agree). For our main dishes, my boyfriend had the lamb neck dish and I had the hanger steak. It was all cooked to perfection and absolutely delicious!! We loved everything and cannot wait to return one day!!!!
Jaxon did not disappoint this time around. Service was on point, ambiance was wonderful and the food was excellent. The only qualm I had was in regards to the salt level on the Mac and cheese - borderline too salty for sure. Other than that our group thoroughly enjoyed every dish . Definitely will be back sooner than later!
I have been here both for dinner and brunch. The food here is amazing and innovative but still comforting and delicious. The owner / chef is so nice and always gives a great description of the menu, which is compact but diverse. It's the perfect restaurant.
Fantastic food and fantastic service.  We were a little late but they sat us and it was a wonderful dinner.
So excited for this new restaurant to open and it didn't disappoint.  Had a wonderful meal opening night. The cozy interior is industrial cool and comfortable.  The food was great and the service was amazing.  hats off to Tony and his crew. Looking forward to many more meals.
I walked in without a reservation on a Friday night at 6 pm, and we got seated right away, though I think next time (because I will definitely be back), I'll be safer by making a reservation.

The space is pretty intimate, and the owner took his time to get us settled, and explained the whole menu and, which rotates based on seasonality and availability. I love that they focus on sourcing as many local ingredients and leveraging goods from nearby local businesses like the Kettle Black. We had a gooseberry salad, spinach gnocchi, and the hanger steak dishes, and everything was fresh and delicious. We didn't plan on getting dessert, but given how amazing the food was, we opted for the chocolate cake with peanut butter mousse, and a coffee, which were both awesome. 

Overall, the entire experience was perfect - the staff was friendly, the quality of the food was high, and the ambiance was refined but relaxed. Will definitely be my go-to place for visitors and weekend dinners, and I'm looking forward to trying their brunch next!
Went last night for my friends birthday, and we had an amazing time! Such a cute place that is small and personal with quaint ambience.  All the food we had was delicious and the service was great!
Newly obsessed with this place and a great addition to my neighborhood. It's quaint and small, no bells and whistles in terms of decor (however, it is minimally gorgeous), and the focus is on the food, which is divine. I've been twice in the last month. First time, I got the brussel sprouts (my boyfriend said they were the best he's ever had, and we eat a lot of brussel sprouts), and the mac n cheese (which was delicious), along with the salmon (the bessssst and I'm not a huge fish eater), the squid ink seafood pasta, and the pork chop. All very delicious and laid out beautifully. I went again last night with a foodie friend, and we shared the octopus (fab), the brussels (of course), and the tuna (new addition), and the lamb pasta (probably my favorite). When we arrived, we had the place to ourselves, and I couldn't believe it. If you haven't been here YOU NEED TO GO. Especially if you live in No Libs/Fishtown. It's also very worth a trip if you live in center city or south philly. BYOB that accepts credit cards. Honestly this place is perfect!
Wow, wow, wow.....stellar service, amazing delicious food. Spot on I every which way. Masters of their craft. Happy to live 2 blocks away. Go Jaxon! Wishing you guys all the best
Great restaurant and dining experience.  We'll return for sure.  If the scallops are on the menu, get them.  BYOB, so be sure to bring vino!
Went to Jaxon to celebrate a friend's birthday; our reservation was made in advance and confirmed by the restaurant for 8:30pm.  A large group occupied the entire indoor dining area until after 9pm; we were waiting outside on the sidewalk next to another group waiting. When the waiter noticed our inquisitive looks (after 45 minutes of zero-acknowledgement) he said, "you might as well come in too."  This was at 9:15pm, 45 minutes after our reservation.  Between our group of 12ppl and the other group, the dining room was full again...sat all at once in that sort of make shift small dining room space you see in this type of BYOB.  Another thing you see in this type of BYOB is amazing food and service- in any case, part of me was excited to see the chef's ramp up to serve the entire dining room.  Part of me thought:  'if they sat us all at once, they must be able to handle it.'

All right, I'll spare you the narrative style review and just stick to the bullet points:

Server greeted us at 9:20pm (1 server managing two groups inside, 1 server managing the outdoor seating area).

First course served at 10pm:  Burrata with olive tapenade and a sort of giardiniera was very good, as was the Octopus with cucumber and radish.

Entrees served at 10:45pm:  Spaghetti with crab, peas and onion cream tasted like a $29 ramen noodle dish, overly salted with frozen peas. There are very nice Italian restaurants serving much better homemade spaghetti; do not order it here.

Stone sea bass should be sweet, moist with large flakes; this was mushy. The crisped skin was the best component; the carrots and haricot vert were also quite good.

Luckily the birthday boy's pork chop with barley risotto was the standout dish; however another friend who ordered the same did not receive it until 10 minutes after the rest of the food was served.

Everyone was hustling- they just failed to execute.
This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia & I go out to eat at least twice a week . The food is amazing it doesn't matter what you order ! The team there is so personable and they make sure every bite is enjoyable. Cozy & amazing are two words to describe Jaxons.
This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. Not only is the food fantastic but the dining experience Tony gives is top notch. His passion for the menu each night shows you how much care they put into every meal.

We get the "crack" and cheese every time we go and love when the grilled octopus is is on the menu.   I've never been a dessert person but the chocolate cake with peanut butter mousse is a must have. We'll be back again and again and can't recommend this place enough!
The place is BYOB and small, so I'd recommend trying to go during the week instead of trying to jam in their on the weekend. The meal overall we really delicious. They started us out with grilled bread, then we added in "small plates" escargot and Mac and cheese. Mac and cheese was a great size for two of us to each get a taste but not be stuffed. The escargot was cooked well but I prefer it with more butter&garlic.

For dinner we shared the parpadelle bolognese and the hanger steak. Both were great but the hanger steak stole the show.
Another great experience but this time with takeout and under the new name , Ken Love's.  Same unbelievable food. We decided to order food for thanksgiving and we couldn't have been happier. Cornish game hen was out of this world.  The Mac n cheese is always a staple for us   The stuffing and cornbread were like nothing we've ever had before. So happy this gem is managing to stay open during these challenging times. Big fan.
Went about a week ago for my best friends birthday. Visually the place was small but the aesthetic was there! Our server was very knowledgeable of their menu, it was a lot to remember. Appetizer took a little while, we had the Mac that I'd highly recommend, so it was worth the wait!!! My friend had gotten the lamb tika masala and she doesn't typically eat lamb. She enjoyed it a lot- it looked incredible, I almost wish I ordered it too! For my entree I went with their steak dish... the set up of it was super tasty, some of the best chimichurri I've ever tasted. The steak itself was kind of disappointing, portion was a bit smaller than I had hoped. The steak was kind of tough. (Ordered medium). I wish the sides on the place were a larger portion because they were more enjoyable. I had ordered the chocolate cake dessert for us in advance. I think this one goes off preference; I thought the cake was a little dry my friend didn't- I don't personally like ricotta but the peanut butter ricotta in the dessert was a game changer, I think a little more of that on the plate would've helped it out a lot. With that being said the cake was still rich in flavor and we finished all of the dessert! 
All in all I would not hesitate to go back here at all! Excellent service otherwise, great vibes in the place, and primarily some banging food! Go visit Jaxons!
This is THE BYOB in Philadelphia, bar none.

OK BYOBs in Philly are almost a dime a dozen, but this place is truly a gem among some of the best that the city can offer.  I came here for a private tasting event and I was blown away.  And before anyone cry foul, everything we had was on their regular menu which they right on their chalk board and changes frequently.  There was no special treatment other than all our entrees for the tasting came out at about the same time.  Situated just a few blocks off spring garden, street parking on a Wednesday night was also no problem.  The restaurant is pretty small with enough seating for maybe 20-24 guests.  

Our first course of the evening was a chicken liver mousse, the pickled carrots cut through the saltiness of the mousse and the home made bread created a fantastic melody of flavor and texture.  Our next course was a grilled octopus and it was nice and tender but I thought it was a little on the bland side and the char was a little bit much for me, still good but I've had better.  Next we were treated to a nice salad of arugula and root veggies, does any one know what a celeriac is? whatever it is, it's very good in a salad.  Already riding high at this point I was eagerly anticipating the pasta course and I was not disappointed.  The veal bolognese with hand made pasta was cooked just perfectly and the flavors were just out of this world, not too salty as sometime sauce heavy pasta can be.  As if this wasn't enough, we also had a Lamb neck for the final course before dessert, the meat was tender and when pared with the mustard sauce they decided brings this dish to the next level.  it almost reminded me of a slow roasted pork shoulder.  At this point you should have stopped reading and made a reservations already but there is still dessert which was a home made kit kat:-)  It was nice and gentle end after a meal that progressively got better with every course.

If you are looking for a BYOB in the city you owe it to your self to check this place out.  And why are you still reading this, go make that reservation now!!!:-)
This is one of the best BYOBs I have been to in a while. It is quiet, the food is excellent, I think the prices are very reasonable for what you get, and the service is polite and not intrusive. I'm still not sure how I feel about them reading the entire menu to you, but that's the only potentially negative thing I would have to say.

The mussels are a generous appetizer, pâté is delicious and artfully presented, and of the six main courses we have had, it is probably easier to say that none of us could find fault with anything. In a previous visit the salt was a little heavy, but on a second visit everything was on point.

They do a terrific job!
Ken Loves is a phenomenal byo in northern liberties. The menu is constantly changing, always fresh and inventive. Pierogi's, mussels, frog legs and the house made bread are some recurring favourites that we always order. The ambiance is incredible, it's a true family run restaurant and you can feel it. 

This specific review is for a recent private event that we booked with kenloves for a 30th birthday. I can't stress enough that it was the absolute best experience. Chef Paul and Brittany made the night unforgettable and worked with me to create a custom menu to please everyone and made my every request happen - Brittany even decorated the place ahead of time for me! Wonderful people, amazing food, don't walk - run to Kenloves.
Second time experiencing this gem and the it exceeded expectations once again. 

A selection of outstanding small and large dishes and a great atmosphere to enjoy the meal while not being too uptight. And it's also byob which makes it even better. The service is impeccable and down to earth. Chef is friendly and lightens the mood. 

I recommend getting one small plate per person, if you have a large party then maybe you can try one of each. No point in me recommending any one dish as I believe their menu does evolve and change with time. I enjoyed every dish we had. The large plates were generous in portion. Make sure to make reservations to secure your seat. 

The house bread is always impeccable.
The universe led me to Jaxon. As my friends and I cap our AOTA conference experience, I found this gem, with the same name as my daughter, and same anniversary as my daughter's birthday! The owner/host was very gracious and I had The best pasta with shrimp and crab meat! It was definitely a great experience and I will definitely come back everytime I'm in Philly.
Excellent restaurant! Highly recommend! The owner is wonderful and so friendly! My boyfriend and I went to dinner for his birthday and it was outstanding! Dinner was exceptional!
We recently came here to dine for the first time during the pandemic. Our friend recommended and made the reservation with Ken Love's. Our experience was good. We went on a Friday night and it was good busy. There are both indoor and outdoor seating. We dined indoors and it was fine. The menu isn't extensive but there are a good variety of selections for all. 

The place have a good ambience. It's great for small parties and date nights. The restaurant is located in the Fishtown/ Northern Liberties neighborhood. Definitely, a struggle in this area for parking so if weather is great and you are not far, this would be a good area to walk to especially if you live in the area.

We were a party of four. We had the escargot and frog legs for appetizers. Both were really good. Then for our main course, we ordered the hanger's steak, pork chop, and pappardelle. The menu will slightly change occasionally which is what we like. We loved everything that we ordered. 

This was my first time here. Overall, good experience but the only comment I had was that my husband's main dish came way later than ours so by the time his food came, our was cold or pretty much done earting. Not sure if the server just forgot about his when we were ordering. It was a busy night for just one hostess though since we were catching up with our two friends, we didn't mind the wait. We will definitely come back again as food was really good and unique.
We canceled our reservation at Suyara to check this place out. From the moment we entered the place, we were very confused by the concept. We thought we were walking into an Italian cuisine BYOB establishment but what we got was a screamo/emo spot that serves Italian dishes. I've never been in a place that plays screamo music with Italian food. The concept was just weird. 

The food itself was actually really good and the chef was trying really hard (which is the only reason i gave two stars on this review). But the owner Paul was just annoying. The place is small on the inside and Paul was literally talking over guests to give his staff a "cocky" lesson on food and flavor profiles. It was kind of annoying and didn't really seem to come from a good place, rather, it felt like he was promoting a work culture of belittlement which wasn't cool. I was happy when he walked out. The staff also didn't really show each other a lot of respect in front of the patrons which was not comfortable.

Overall, i won't be returning to this place. Wish I kept that reservation at Suraya.
We arrived at the restaurant and were immediately acknowledged and seated, I mention this because Brittany hostess/server was beautifully handling a busy Saturday night. She was cheerful, helpful, and informed us about the menu. She gave recommendations that were spot on.I ordered the frog legs( recommendation by Brittany) and they were crispy without being over cooked, in a sauce that begged to be lopped up with the cornbread that came
with the dish. My husband had the monkfish ravioli that was delectable- all pasta is made in house and is superb! Our entree choices were hanger steak and corzetti. When it arrived we didn't know what a treat we were in for. The hanger steak was ordered at medium and was prepared perfectly. It came with bok-choy and shitaki mushrooms. The flavor of the steak was so good and flavorful- charred slightly smoky on the outside with a balanced seasoning throughout the meat. My corzetti arrived with a sauce that was unique and managed to marry a sweet and savory flavor that had me trying to lick the plate. The dish was layered with flavors of jalapeño and shishto peppers that gave it a slight kick. Chef Paul and Lisa are truly gifted and you feel how much they enjoy creating these dishes and flavors. As they are cooking they sing and dance when they hear a song they like but don't let that fool you! Nothing leaves that kitchen without them making sure the flavors are perfect and the plating beautiful. They are mentoring Shawn who is their sous chef and committed to his craft. This group is a true pleasure to be around and they manage their restaurant with grace, love and integrity. Make a reservation now because this place will soon be a restaurant that is going to be a destination that people are raving about! We will definitely be back!
