***Caution** Food Poisoning alert...

I  stopped in and went to the counter to order their teriyaki shrimp and seaweed salad to go.  My husband ordered the Ken Shin beef.  It's not like us to order anything to go, as we usually eat at an establishment, but we were too tired to prepare anything.  So I offered to pick something up.  While I waited for our food to be prepared, I asked the sushi chefs some questions (I thought I might order sushi from them next time, depending on how they answer)  They did not know the answers to any basic questions such as "Is your fish wild caught or farmed?" or "What different types of tuna do you have" or "Do you have any sustainable fish such as whitefish, tilapia, swordfish, smelt, sturgeon, perch or mackerel"?  They did not know the answers to any of these questions. So I thought, ok, since they are not knowledgeable, I will not be ordering any sushi from them.

I continued to wait, and wait and wait (40 minutes now) when I realized I needed to go to the bathroom.  It takes a lot to shock me, but seriously, their ladies room is a serious health hazard. I can safely say that I have never seen such a filthy bathroom ever.  There are dirty marks on the door, the walls, the mirror is disgusting, there was urine on the seat and the toilet bowl looked as though it hadn't been cleaned in over a year, complete with brown, yellow and even red stains.  I almost vomited. While hovering over the toilet, I urinated and then realized that they don't have any toilet paper OR paper towels.  Luckily I had a tiny piece of  tissue in one of my pockets, but really, that was not enough to do the job. Just before I walked out of the bathroom I realized they didn't even have soap, and their trash bin was overflowing with paper towels (apparently they actually had paper towels at some point)

As I walked back out of the ladies room, I was wishing that I could have cancelled my order, but I had already paid for it.  A few minutes later, our order was finally ready.  I waited a total of 50 minutes for a simple to go order of three items. They even seemed very apathetic, bordering on rude.  I went home with the food, we ate, and both my husband and I got food poisoning and had diarrhea for TWO DAYS.  Avoid this place at all costs.  If their bathroom is that disgusting, just imagine their kitchen!  I don't know how this place stays in business.  I can tell you that if you want good sushi, just go to Aki in center city.
I ordered Kenshin through Eat24 because I was craving Singapore noodle (mei fun). Kenshin's version is bland, lacking the normal spice and curry that I normally associate with Singapore noodle. It also lacked bean sprouts. This may be fine for some people, but I love spice and was disappointed by how bland the dish was. I spruced it up with cayenne pepper and curry powder to make it palatable but I was pretty bummed. I dont think I'll be trying this place again for mei fun. Maybe I'll give the sushi a try though and update my review accordingly.
Ken Shin has lovely to go food. And that would be where my recommendation stops. I ate in the restaurant for the first time and after years of ordering take out there I don't think I'd ever bother eating on site again. The waiters and waitresses were all completely distracted, barely noticed we had entered the restaurant. I believe they had friends in the restaurant which is nice, but seriously pay attention to your patrons, you kind of look like jerks. Finally they sat us down and we ordered, no one came to fill waters, no one came to check on us, where our food finally came it was OK. No one came to ask how it was or fill waters even after we asked. I noticed they have a high population of people walking in to order to go from the street, but that's no excuse to ignore the sit down diners. Get it together guys. 

I won't be returning considering there are so many better places to eat sushi in Philly.
DO NOT EAT HERE!!!! 
I had been here a few times and it was never great. The only reason I'd go here is because it's close by and has a variety of foods and I was feeding multiple kids with different tastes. But like most diners there's variety but no quality. The pho is absolutely terrible. I've had better soup out of a can. And it came out Luke warm. 

My last experience is the reason I'm never going back. I ordered delivery through yelp via the eat 24 app. It was a school night. I ordered at 6pm and called at 7, 7:30, and 8 trying to figure out where my food was. At 8 I ended up cooking dinner at home. The food didn't come until after I put my son to bed at 8:30. And no surprise it was cold. On top of that they promised to refund my money through the app. And they didn't.
Well, what can I say.  I have eaten here dozens of times with co‑workers, ordered take out for lunch to bring back to the office, the price is right and the food is quite good. 
 
I really enjoyed this place - until today.
 
As we do on occasion, 4 of us decided to head over to Ken Shin for lunch.  We sat down and started looking at the menu and chatting.  Within less than a minute, a waiter approached and asked if we were ready to order.  We asked him to give us a minute, we needed some time.  Another 30 seconds passed, and he was back despite the fact that we all still had menus in our hands and were reading them.  He said something like, "You look like you are all studying for a biology test."  So sorry, sir, that we are reading your menu.  We had to again ask for more time, and within another 30 seconds, a waitress approached and asked if we had any questions about the menu.  We did not, we just wanted to actually look at it.  Our male waiter returned, and we ordered despite being unnecessarily rushed into doing it.
 
I ordered the Summer Rolls.  My co‑worker then asked if she could have the Lemon Chicken lunch box, but she asked to substitute the more expensive California roll that came with the box for a cheaper roll - an avocado roll (it's cheaper because it is the same as the California roll, but does not have crabmeat in it).  His response:  "No."  (Pause...)  "We would have to list every type of roll on the lunch box menu if we did that." 

The menu does not indicate no substitutions.  I have never in my life (I am 47) had a waiter say he was not able to substitute something that was not already prepared and, therefore, impossible to substitute.  This was seriously unbelievable to me.  There's no legitimate reason I can think of that he could not have substituted the avocado roll for the California roll.
 
We receive our meals, and one of the guests and I had chosen to split her lunch box and my summer rolls.  She asked the waiter if she could please have a plate.  "You want plates?"  Let me try to be clear, here, he did not ask politely.  He looked quite annoyed and exasperated that we, God forbid, asked for a plate.  My companion said, "Just 1!" (even though she wanted 2, because it was clear that he was not happy).

After we received our meals (still great food, I have no complaints about the food), and before we were finished, our waiter ran (literally ran) up to our table and threw our check down.   He didn't ask if we needed anything else, like a refill on our drinks or dessert.  He just simply threw the check down and scurried off as if he had a million other tables to serve.  None of us had a clue why he was running around like a maniac and treating us so poorly, there were maybe 10 people in the restaurant.  But damn, he was in a rush.  At that point, I suggested for the first time in my life that we not leave a tip.  My friend, despite not getting the cheaper substitution she asked for with her lunch box, convinced us to still leave a tip.  I suggested we use the tip guideline printed on the check, and only leave 15% to the penny (I usually leave closer to 25%).  We all agreed.

As each of us starts finishing up, he runs over to clear the plates.  He did not ask one of the guests, who had quite a bit of her lunch left on her plate, if she wanted to take it to go.  He was in such a huge rush, quickly grabbing our plates and silverware, that he dropped a fork in my lap.  As I grabbed it from my lap to give it to him, he ripped it out of my hand.  Seriously?  I again recommended against any tip at all, but then we decided to follow the original plan of 15% to the penny and no more.  Which came to $4.37 (I am adding this here in case the waiter by chance sees this review and knows it came from us).
 
As we were leaving, it was clear that none of us were happy with the way we were treated from the get-go.  That is when Mr. I'm-So-Busy-I Have-To Throw-Things-On-the-Table-and-Grab-Things-and-Run‑Like-a-Crazy-Person-Through-the-Restaurant-Even-Though-Only-Ten-People-Are-Here turned on the charm to wish us all a great day.  We didn't respond, so he said it again.  We ignored him.
 
I have to say I am hugely disappointed in this experience.  I have never, ever had any problems at Ken Shin with either the service or the food.  Now that I am back in the office after lunch, revisiting our craptastic experience in the restaurant, I am wishing we had stuck with no tip.  Despite working directly across the street, I will not be back.
Massive fail on all fronts today when the kids and I stopped in for lunch. Except the service which was cheerful if completely without food service knowledge.

I live nearby, and although they have been open several years, have not tried their food. Something about the really third rate facade design turned me off. But the fam was hungry and we had limited time before choir practice so....

After negotiating the awkward non-ADA compliant lobby (which way does that door swing? Into the restaurant? Yikes, building inspector this is a new facility and in swing doors are disallowed for assembly space). Never mind, we are here for the food and some great food may be had in much worse facilities in Chinatown.

We were greeted forthwith by a cheerful young man and soon seated in a large booth---oops let me qualify that--the kids managed to negotiate their seat OK, but I slid forward on the cheap foam seat with the ripped vinyl and came up hard against the table. Note to restaurant owners: go for the legit booth with hard foam or better yet springs with a foam overlay. I spent the rest of my brief dining experience with my feet locked to the floor so as not to slide forward and hit the table edge as the cushion was actually sloped FORWARD instead of backward. Wow.

We quickly made a decision to order simple dishes as our time was limited. The kids each ordered wonton noodle soup and for some reason that escapes me now, I ordered summer rolls. Note to self: Never ever order raw food at a restaurant that has dirty torn seats, missing tile on the wall, and staff that is less than expert.

The noodle soup looked kinda normal, but after an initial taste then a follow up to confirm, my 11year old and I both reached the same conclusion: The broth was made with bullion cubes. You know, the kind you buy in the grocery store that has all the MSG and chemicals in it...yep, no real stock in this broth...

Next, with some trepidation as I was developing a sense of actual fear and dread about Ken Shin Asian Diner, I reached for a summer roll. No, correction---spring rolls were delivered to the table on a strangely elaborate bed of lettuce, looking tiny and brown and undersized. 

Our server cheerfully took them back and returned shortly with the correct order. This is where I went wrong and will regret my decision in due time. The roll tasted stale. So I was rude and did something I tell my kids not to do at the table--I examined it very closely and held it up to my nose for a good sniff. Yep, the contents smelled off --as if a cleaning fluid had been left in the Bain Marie where the lettuce was stored. Even icy cold, it had an odd off-taste. Alright, time to try the peanut sauce....maybe it will cover the bad lettuce...a dip and second taste and presto! The massive fail of our first and last visit to Ken Shin has been confirmed: the peanut sauce has peanut butter in it. This is confirmed by my peanut butter eating 11 year old foodie expert Alana.

I returned the dish--which I hardly ever do, finished the bland noodle soup with my two assistants, paid the check and headed  for choir practice, never to return.
Everyone has a hard day once in awhile and you don't want to do anything but veg in your pajamas and order delivery. 

If you live in a mid-rise condo this means you need to give specific instructions and a code to access the intercom to give the delivery person access. This has worked very well with every place I've ordered delivery from except Ken Shin. I've ordered delivery from Ken Shin over a half of dozen times and EVERY time the delivery person won't deliver to the front door of my unit. I have to get out of my PJ's walk to the opposite side of the building to the elevator (I live on the top floor) then go back to the other side of the building where the main door is and then do it all in reverse to get back up. I always pre-tip a minimum of 20% to the driver for the effort. 

This time my frustration was at a boiling point and I called the person who identified himself as the manager (Marco) and made him aware of this ongoing problem. Unfortunately he seemed as interested in my situation as a Wallmart employee. 

The food at Ken Shin is decent but you've got to back it up with good service.
Probably the worst value in a meal I have ever had.
They literally charge $10/15 for HALF a roll. 
$4.5 for frozen Shumai and Gioza. (you can go across the street to springgarden market and BUY a pack of 25 of either of those for $3.99.

I am really not sure what people are smoking when they eat this food, but I definitely want some of that magic taste bud enhancer, because all of the food was completely tasteless.

Really really anger inducing considering that all the cuisines they supposedly offer are full of amazing spice and flavor without much work.
I shudder to think of how they massacre Thai food, from our experience with the Japanese inspired food, and the Chinese-American creation that we got.

my advice got all the way to chinatown for chinese, go to west philly for thai and go to south philly for Vietnamese; this place is a disaster.
This a my go-to local restaurant for sushi delivery. The rolls are well priced. I love how they package their take-out rolls too, I've never had any issues with them falling apart or anything. I feel the price for the quality is just a steal as I've never had a bad sushi experience. 

Also, do yourself a favor and add their Avocado Salad in your cart. It's a juicy yummy salad with basically a full avocado in it! Best part is it's so cheap.

However, I will say I'm not a huge fan of their other Chinese food. The chicken teriyaki with veggies and rice is always pretty good, but beware sometimes the chicken is dry. The best add on though is they have a small fried rice which is lightly fried for line $2! Also stay away from the hot and sour soup as it's mediocre.
I have dined here many times and found the lunch menu satisfying but not great. For the price it was good. Today I ordered the fried tofu bento box. The tofu was over cooked and hard. On top of that completely tasteless. I was mostly bothered by the lack of any waitstaff asking my why I hardly touched the entree and declined boxing it. Maybe that's because they were too busy chitchatting and playing on their phones.
I eat a lot of sushi. And while this isn't the highest grade fish in the city (or even the neighborhood) it still is good. I always get spicy tuna and fresh rolls. Totally delicious. 

The servers are so friendly and always on top of it whenever I've been there (which is probably about 4 or 5 times since it opened). 

Also - they make amazing fresh avocado boba tea. Totally delicious. That alone is worth the trip.

Again - I think that the grade of fish might not be up to some of the other places in the city, but the servers are fantastic, the place is spacious so you don't feel like you're sitting on top of everyone else in the restaurant and the pricing is decent.
AWFUL!! Do not waste your time or money. I wish I could give 0 stars instead of one.

-My food was served 15 minutes after everyone else at my table.
-Price were high for the quality.
- A large number of menu items were not available "Coming Soon".
-Water not refilled
-Now 3 hour later I feel very very sick.
-The list goes on...
Nearly three years later, verdict is still the same.

Not terrible.  Not great.  But the food is decent, and it will do when you're in a pinch.

The menu is still huge, so as you know that means that certain items can be pretty good (salads, soups and rolls) and most others are decidedly meh (most noodle, rice dishes) and I can take or leave their sushi (the rolls always seem to be on the small side).  Flavor profile on most dishes is safe, but protein is fresh and cooked on point.

Service is always friendly, wait time is usually very short, and one of the few places in the 'hood where you can get Asian takeout.
The first time I went there I saw Korean on the menu but stayed away as I am always disappointed at every non-Korean restaurant I decide to go for it.  This time around i was in the mood for Korean and decided, why not.  I got the Kalbi Grilled Box and was pleasantly surprised at how authentic it tasted.  It wasn't mom's kalbi, but it was close enough to satisfy.  

I've only been here twice now, but everything seems great.  The staff is very attentive and the service is great.  This place is slowly becoming a local favorite for me.  Definitely going back again.
First and foremost, everyone that works here is so nice and hospitable. Secondly, this place is super affordable. Three, it is good, for what it is. I enjoy the udon and tempura, but have avoided the sushi.. I'm a bit skeptical to get it here.
Without giving away my exact address, I was both excited and skeptical at the arrival of a business nearby my place on Spring Garden between 3rd and Orianna.  That portion of that building has been empty for close to four years now so I had high hopes for this place - even when it called itself an Asian Diner (can someone explain to me what that is, exactly?)

A quick perusal of the menu reveals a few things: 1) a lot of the items - read "Coming soon" - like their sushi or their skewer offerings, 2) the cuisine is a little all over the place - sushi, thai, cantonese, vietnamese offerings? I'm confused - what is this place, exactly? - (or maybe that explains the whole Asian diner bit) 3)  they are currently only offering 1/4 of what's on the menu - a few apps, soups, salads and noodle dishes that you can get from any decent take-out joint.

Owner and the employees are all young, a little over-eager and a bit green.  They aim to please and really try to take care of you... (it seems as though they're still training the staff) -- so I will chalk up the very average food to growing pains for now and hopefully follow up with a better review. Stay tuned.
I bought shrimp lo mein there for lunch. The portion was very small for the price. Most Chinese takeouts are big portion. 

Also, the lo mein was not even that good. So not going to come back again...
decent, but not anything to write home about.

i got some takeout chinese the first time i ate from here - a summer roll, crab rangoons and some soup for around $10. a good deal, and the food hit the spot, but it wasn't very memorable.

this evening my manmeat and i came here for dinner. he was craving sushi and i was looking for a place that would allow him to indulge that craving while i could have something a bit more budget conscious. 

i got the summer rolls again (which, upon revisiting, seemed like they had probably spent several hours in the fridge, rendering them sort of rubbery, which contributes to that "i'm eating a condom full of shrimp, noodles and iceberg" feeling), and the pad thai. i should have known better - i have an extremely high bar when it comes to pad thai, and this was disappointing. sort of dry, with a mass of rice noodles in the middle without the other ingredients incorporated into it. not spicy (sigh) and its flavor was one dimensional.

the sushi was similarly unimpressive. as my partner said, for $10 rolls they really should have been bigger.

bonus: easy parking outside, decent ambiance (huge HDTV in dining room), friendly staff. sticking to take out chinese is probably the best way to go.
This is some of the best Asian food I've had in Philly, definitely the best in the area. I really don't get the negative reviews, did we eat the same food?? Bubble tea was excellent, also the best in the area. It's all about the consistency of the bubbles, soft and almost melting in your mouth. Yum!

I ordered food delivered through Eat 24, which I don't think has the $20 minimum that other places have, but it's pretty easy to go over $20 anyway. The Crab Rangoon had more crab in it than most places I've had. They were crispy and delicious.

For an entree, I had the Ken Shin Beef, which is pan seared beef in a tangerine sauce over veggies: broccoli, onion, red pepper. Most chinese takeout places only put a little bit of meat and a ton of cheap veggies like celery and canned baby corn, but not Ken Shin. The veggies were still a tiny bit crisp and fresh, and there was at least as much beef if not more than veggies. The portion was huge, I only ate half.

Service was quick and the delivery guy was really friendly. I will definitely order again!
Hovering between a 3 and 4 star rating for this place because certain stuff here is a great deal, while other things not so much. If you come for the lunch specials during the week, you'll find a good price and good flavors. I really enjoyed the pad thai, but the curry and kenshin chicken were just alright. The bubble tea had an odd floral taste to it, but the sushi is pretty big and made fresh to order, plus the miso soup was perfect. The lo mein was not made with homemade noodles (more of a spaghetti noodle, I didn't really enjoy that) but the crab rangoon is awesome and so fresh.

You have to see what you like and what you don't, but this place has a pretty good sampling from different asian cuisines, and for that, I'll give it a 3.5.
Came here with the boyfriend for lunch today. Got two bento boxes from the lunch special menu and dessert.

He got the Seafood Deluxe with California Rolls bento box (#7). I can't say much about this because I didn't try it. The california rolls were like any other place though.

I got the Kenshin Chicken with Crab Rangoon bento box (#10). It was okay.. The chicken was pretty good but drenched in too much sauce. You could taste the crab in the crab rangoon (good thing!) which you don't in a lot of places. The rice was hard though.

We also got the creme brûlée with berries for dessert. Cannot say too much because I am not a huge fan of creme brûlée to start with and he didn't know what it was. I always like the top parts of the creme brûlée though.

I did like that the wrapped for the straws were done cutely and they played KPop. The  music wasn't loud enough but since there wasn't too many people there at the time, I could hear it.

The waitress and waiter were nice though.
The service here was really good, the guy was super polite and helpful! The food was just ok... the best thing we had was the crab Rangoon's, Kani salad, and the bubble tea. I didn't try their sushi but i had the tofu teriyaki and my friend had the chicken teriyaki. The prices are great as well especially for their lunch specials.
I'm not sure why a variety of different Asian foods (Korean, Chinese, Thai, etc.) would be a dig on a place. I liked getting sushi, pad thai and orange beef all from the same place.

There are still labels of "coming soon" next to many menu items, and the menus are plastic and look permanent so who knows how soon that soon is.

For an appetizer, my boyfriend and I shared cream cheese and tuna rolls that were fried (called TNT Sushi), and they were definitely the highlight of the meal. Not traditional by any means, but so what?

I got the shrimp pad thai. It was not at all spicy, as the menu indicated, and the shrimp was a little fishy tasting. Also, they use small shrimp (not Sea Monkey-sized, but small), where other shrimp dishes I spied had large shrimp. It was tasty but not awesome. My boyfriend got the Ken Shin  Beef, which was beef in a tangerine sauce with big chunks of green and red peppers and onions, served with a small bowl of rice. He liked it a lot, I thought the sauce had kind of a strange taste. It wasn't bad, but again, not awesome. 

The service was friendly and fairly fast. The place is CLEAN. I know it's brand new, but still -- big points for its shininess. The bill was under $28 for an app and two entrees and a diet coke. Some of the prices were really low; you could leave there full and pay under $10.

What it all boils down to is this: There are no good Chinese (ok, Asian) restaurants in Fishtown or NoLibs (excepting Koi). It's nice to have a place to go for some reliable staples. And get the TNT Sushi.
Service was not that great. It's a Chinese restaurant serving other type of Asian dishes. The thai dishes they had were horrible the pad thai was nothing like traditional. You would think the traditional Chinese dishes were at least good. But they weren't.. will never eat here again
The food was good and the bubble tea was great but the service was severely lacking. I had to ask to order, ask for hot sauce. I waited 20 minutes for a take out container and the check. Not once did anyone come and check on me or ask if I wanted/needed anything. The crazy part is I was the only person in the restaurant for the majority of the time I was there!
Nice place to grab lunch in a hurry.  My food came out quick and the service was pleasant and attentive. My food had a nice flavor and, but could have used a little extra. However, for the price that I paid ($6.47) It got the job done. I work in the area and will probably be returning in the future.
As a newbie to Philadelphia, I have been searching for a staple "Chinese" place where I can get something like Shrimp and Brocolli and know I am going to like it.  For the most part, every place I tried was g-r-o-s-s.  Shrimp would always taste freezer burned and dirty.

Then my hairdresser recommended Ken Shin.  One thing I can say about this place is everything tastes fresh.  I have had one roll just for the convenience, but I wasn't really looking for a sushi restaurant.  I wanted to find a place where I could swing by, pick up some take out, and not feel gross.

And the ONLY place I have found is Ken Shin.  Two enthusiastic thumbs up.
Came here on a lunch date for sushi when we didn't feel like walking far and wanted a decently priced place.
Overall the food was good. My friend said the miso soup was too salty and I didn't like the ginger dressing on my salad. I have had better, but his bento box and my spicy tuna rolls were good and made up for the poor soup and salad. I will just keep in mind to skip those next time and stick to the main events.
The atmosphere was relaxing and the staff was nice. For times when I don't feel like going far for sushi and other Asian food, I will for sure come back.
Living in No Libs it is hard to find a decent Chinese food place.  As much as I love Koi and Hikari, I am not always in the mood for sushi.  I am a hungry girl.  So, I was excited for the opening of Ken Shin to say the least but also hesitant to dine there during the grand opening week. 

While I was not expecting rave reviews by Craig LaBan, I was surprised by the unfavorable reviews it did get.  I finally went there last week with my roommate expecting the worst.  However, it really was not THAT bad.  We ordered the crab rangoons and spring rolls which were tasty and I would definitely order for takeout.  For our meals, I got the chicken pho as it was a rainy day and my body was asking for warm soup.  My roomie got the Mongolian beef which he inhaled so I understood that as pure enjoyment.  Taste wise, the pho was good.  The broth was not too salty and the noodles were just plain fun to slurp.  The chicken was cut into nice big pieces.

Overall, the meal was good and filling.  Our bill was fairly cheap, maybe $30 which was shocking but then I realized we had no booze so it was a pleasant surprise.  Ken Shin is a place I would return to on a Tuesday night for dinner or order in when I do not feel like moving.
I've got a cheap Chinese food place and an expensive one.  This is the latter.  Mostly worth it when getting sushi delivered.  My roommates and I always order a ton.  We go with Vietnamese Spring Roll, spicy tuna roll, yakitori deluxe, general tsos chicken, and summer roll usually with the free crab Rangoon.  For the record my cheap go-to is Wok and Roast.
I went for lunch in for lunch on a Saturday, when they were pretty much empty (one other table).  The waiter came fairly quickly to take our order.  Unfortunately this was the last thing that happened quickly.

When our food did begin to arrive there was no discernible order to its arrival, either by prep time or the desired order of consumption.  Also, the preparation of some items left much to be desired (particularly the miso soup, which was lukewarm and not very appetizing).  When the rolls arrived almost an hour after we ordered, they were good, but by that point my frustration level made it impossible for me to enjoy them.  

Overall, the service leaves a lot to be desired, but the food was palatable with a couple of notable exceptions.  I probably won't be back since there are other options in the city that I have had better experiences with.
I've been here a couple times, but I'm not sure why. I always leave dissatisfied. I go back expecting something more, but it never delivers. The food is just OK, the hot tea is something like $3.50, which is ridiculous; it comes in a fancy schmancy cast iron tea pot, but only really holds about a cup and a half of tea. The tea itself tastes fine, but it's nothing to rave about. 

One thing I do like here is the crab rangoon; it is quite good (and also hard to mess up). They also have a milkshakes made with vietnamese iced coffee. GREAT concept. Poor execution. You couldn't really taste the coffee. :(

One drink worth your money is the cafe mocha bubble tea (minus the bubbles because I dislike tapioca). It is fricken fantastic. Get it on your way out though because it is much like a dessert, and there is no Asian food in the world that it would compliment.

*Caution: DO NOT get anything tempura, it's supersaturated in oil. Bleh.

On the plus side... the waitresses are friendly, and place itself if cute, and the entree prices are reasonable.
I love the food here. Crab rangoon is def good stuff! I also love the bubble tea. I usually get Taro, but I want to try new flavors so I will be going back. The service is nice, the people are friendly and courteous. Great nice little place.
Mongolian Beef should really be called Scallion Onion w/ a garnish of beef. The dish was quite tasty but... where's the beef?!
I love the food, great portions, great price, awesome staff, my favorite flavored flavored bubble tea is Watermelon  great spot to relax with friends and family.
Was very good food and moderately priced. Felt a little weird because there was no one else at the restaurant, which makes anyone wander why. Good food and felt fine after. Wish it was closer to where I live and I would frequent it more often.
this a go-to can't decide dinner night for my boyfriend and i... it's light and cheap.
the ginger salad is like $3 or $4 and its huge and delicious. they have some crazy sushi rolls that are a bit pricey but there are plenty of other options if you don't want to splurge.
the hot dishes are great! the shrimp is even good! everything seems very fresh.
the staff is very friendly. and they have frozen bubble tea! & the coconut sorbet is to die for. i crave that stuff some nights.
This review is for sushi only.

I was craving sushi last night so I called Ken Shin and got the Rainbow Sushi Platter.  I started w/ the ginger salad (included) which was three pieces of lettuce, a slice of carrot + tomato completely drenched in a tasty ginger dressing.

The platter was totally bland and for $20, you're way better off getting your sushi @ Whole Foods.

The rest of their menu looked interesting, I'd like to give it a try in the near future.
I go here all the time! Amazing food! I love their miso soup, kenshin chicken (which is similar to sesame chicken) and chicken pad tai. Oh and the sushi is great too! A hidden gem in northern liberties and it's never too busy!
it's an ok place to get reasonably priced sushi and the food isn't bad but not really anything special. mu shu pork was not like any i've had before- different pancakes and a really different tasting sauce than other places. Wasn't bad but didn't love it either.
Great food, decent price.

My friends and I eat here then walk across the street to Finnigan's Wake.

I've eaten here probably four times.  I've never had the sushi.  Crab Rangoon, soups, and stinky tofu is very good.

young crowd, great wait staff, nice ambiance!
It really is an Asian diner. The menu has lots of options that appealed to me, but my first visit I was in the mood for sushi. Salmon was good. The roll was more room temp than cold though, which I did not like. Spring rolls are nothing special but the pork gyoza were delicious. My friend's beef dish has great sauce on the beef but hardly any on the mountain of broccoli with it. She didn't like that. 

It's byo, there are some booths (make your reservation to snag one), they take cards, you can pay using levelUp if you wish. All around this was a good foodventure.
So I'm kind of a sushi fanatic - I lived in Chinatown for 2 years, and have been to just about every sushi place in center city, but still Ken Shin is at the top of my list (at least for delivery). Especially now that I'm in Fishtown, this is by far the closest and best sushi around. Their fish is always incredibly fresh - I particularly recommend the White Tiger roll (if you like spicy tuna). I am also addicted to their summer rolls (not sushi) - one of their appetizers, you get two, it's like a  rice paper wrap filled with shrimp and lettuce, with a peanut dipping sauce - it's crunchy, chewy deliciousness.

The only reason I'm giving them 4 instead of 5 stars is because the prices are higher than some of the places in CC (rolls are like $1 more than usual), they have a high delivery minimum ($20), and they have a limited selection of fish, mostly the basics (salmon, eel, shrimp, tuna, etc., but no yellowtail). I'm pretty sure the delivery guy is going to start judging me, if he already hasn't, because despite the price, the quality has definitely turned me into a regular.
Very good good. It's quick, so you can order and pick up and take out during your lunch break. I liked the pad Thai and the sushi!
My co worker recommended Kenshin for Vegetable Mei Fun. I have to admit, I never tried Mei fun before in my life but when I tasted it. I would not stop eating until I saw the bottom of my bowl. 

Noddles, Bean sprouts, scrabbled eggs, broccoli, Carrots, Sweet peppers and a hint of deliciousness; 
I just had to get more the next day. 

It came in a black 24oz round choice bowl, with extra duck sauce and soy to add. if you pick up,  you can take as much fortune cookies as you wish. 

They gave me a heavy duty brown bag wrapped in a white plastic bag, stapled and ready to go. 

Don't know if it's the best there is. 
I have no complaints as far as take out goes.
Food was good but the seaweed salad also had lettuce in it and the Dragon Roll special roll, well it wasn't so special.  B on taste, C on presentation,they add filler greens in the salad.  Hot and sour soup was great
I have to say I was pleasantly surprised here. The service is friendly, the food is good (clean, simple, tasty and satisfying.) The atmosphere isn't much of a statement and that's kinda refreshing, non-pretentious and def not a 'scene.' Just a nice, inexpensive and relatively healthy choice for a quick dinner. One of my favs presently.
We were going to the theater at 7th and Spring Garden and thought this looked interesting based on the reviews.  The service was attentive, perhaps too attentive.  He was at our table every 2-4 minutes.  The food came out fast.  We felt like they were hurrying us even though the restaurant was mostly empty.  The best thing we had was the steamed veggie dumplings.  They are great,  everything else was mediocre and sweet.   We went, we ate and we don't need to return.
Did not try the sushi, but I only do that in a place I know. 
     But, The food is not bad, but , it is really what the sign says; an Asian Diner, with a little flare.
     I never thouht I would say this but I long for the old chinezzzze resteurants back in the day when you could not even get chop sticks if you wanted them!
      the spelling is almost on porpuss and I like a little MSG sometime!
Not the best, chicken is dry. I wouldn't recommend it, but it is BYOB so if your looking for a cheap place to drink and eat would be a good place.
Ken Shin is affordable and passable. My Kung Pao chicken was decent, but overly sweet without much depth or spice. A tough market in this town, Ken Shin doesn't stand out among other options that focus on one or two regions.

I love all of the options (evidence of Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, Thai, and Korean cuisine), but the joint could use some direction and speciality. Lunch specials and platters are great, though.
I've been to Ken Shin Asian Diner a few different times, because I live right around the corner and was looking for some good food. . . 

The decor is nice. It's a seemingly VERY new establishment, nice interior and nice waitstaff. It's never very busy though; I'm guessing that it does a bangin'  take out service (I've gotten take out a few times). 

Didn't notice the Korean like another poster.. Kind of disappointed that I didn't! :(! (I'm craving some good bibimbop!) 

The only things I've had OTHER than sushi: 

Shrimp Pad Thai: ...honestly, don't get this. It's reminiscent of Singapore Street Noodles--which are good..if that's what you want. It wasn't even made with Pad Thai noodles..which is disappointing..those thick, noodles.. delish..peanut crumbled over top.. splash of lime, and I'm good. I don't require much other than that.. The shrimp were over cooked too! Go figure! 

Crab Rangoon: these were really good. I'm pretty sure they were pre-made frozen things, which were popped in a deep fryer.. but I would DEFINITELY order these again! 

Anywho...
the place only gets two stars in my book simply because they advertise themselves as the best asian fusion restaurant and I've been disappointed. . . BUT, that's not to say that you shouldn't go there. Give it a shot! :) 

P.S: Whatever that desert picture is..it looks BANGIN'! :(!!!!! Someone bring me some. I'll bake for you. It'll be a great trade off.
Sometimes when ordering takeout, it is hard to agree on a place to please everyone's palates.  This is not the case with Ken Shin! They are a TRUE Asian Fusion spot with delicious sushi and delectable Chinese.  I LOVE the Ken Shin Tofu, Mongolian Beef, Pad Thai (not traditional, but still very tasty) and especially the Crab Rangoon.  I suggest ordering through grubhub and taking advantage of the specials/coupons.  4 stars for taste, menu diversity, super nice delivery guys...yet loses a point for high pricing.  Nonetheless, LOVE IT!
I LOVE this place...not only is the food amazing (try the Lo Mein, Kalbi, and Chicken Teriyaki!) I have to admit I order here at least once a week, delivery is always on time, food is hot, and the delivery guy is one of the nicest people we've met! He knows now to include extra dressing for us without us even asking. Ken Shin is our favorite place to order from!!
I was excited to try this place because i live nearby and asian food is generally adaptable for vegan & vegetarians diets.  There were a lot of dishes that sounded good that were labeled "coming soon".  ugh.  how soon is now??  They also have a take-out menu with all sorts of amazing items (cheap too: $4 Vietnamese tofu hoagies!!)  but we were told that this menu was inaccurate and/or not available at the sit-down restaurant.  

the staff was a little bit too eager to help us-  i think there were three different attempts to take a drink order within a 5 minute period.  things eventually settled down.  the stylish stools at the high-top tables were not the kind that you would want to sit on for any extended period of time.  ask to be reseated if you find yourself lead to one of these aweful torture devices.

all of that nastiness aside, the edamame was served with salt AND PEPPER-  which was non traditional, and seemingly simple... but delicious!   we each enjoyed our dinners.  the Kung Pau Tofu pretty much rocked!  I'd like to go back again and give it another shot.  I think there are some kinks to work through, but the food has merit.

one final note:  If you are vegan, vegetarian, or allergic to anything ASK MANY QUESTIONS.   The menu appears to be descriptive but true to asian tradition there are secret ingredients in almost every dish (shrimp and egg seemed to be the largest offenders).
Wow, looks like most of the reviews not favorable. But i love this place. Always get a parking spot right out front. Fast service, delish sushi, good variety on menu and great bubble tea choices. And even when i ran out of bubbles (tapioca) they gave me more... no charge. I don't see why all the negative reviews but I guess I've been lucky?
Ordered delivery and I'm sorry to say, it doesn't come close to my favorite sushi.  It was very clear that almost everything I ordered was pre made and left in a fridge.  

May try again one day for their hot options.  I don't know.
The food is prepared to order and is truly delicious. There is a variety of choices and lunch specials are AMAZING
Loved it! My roommate and I got dinner here tonight because I was craving crab Rangoon. 

First off, they have such a delicious sounding menu that it was hard for us to choose. Well of course I got my crab Rangoon, and for a small price of $3.50 I got six big ones. The dipping sauce was awesome. I also got wanton soup. The soup is the only reason I'm giving 4 stars, it was pretty gross. Not the wantons, but the broth. It honestly tasted like fruity medicine and just yuckiness. So I definitely do not recommend that. However, I was completely full and my bill came to about $8.50 including a soft drink.

My roommate was pretty hungry I guess because he kind of ordered the whole damn restaurant. But he's so nice he let me try everything. :] 

He got the Alaska Roll and had them add cream cheese. It was delicious, almost exactly a Philadelphia Roll but with avocado. Yum. 
He also got a couple spring rolls, which were nice, light, and super tasty. He got the veggie tempura's which came with a nice green salad with ginger dressing. This dressing. Ahhhh. It was SO GOOD. So good. So was the tempura's. Mmm. The white rice was seriously awesome. Perfectly sticky and just so tasty. 

Service was very fast, and the staff very friendly. 
Extremely affordable for the amount of food you get here, even for poor college kids. 

I will definitely be going here again!
I've been looking for a go-to Asian takeout spot for a while. Ken Shin has become just that. It's conveniently located on Spring Garden, the menu is extensive, prices are reasonable, and portions are big. I've tried their sushi, pad thai, kenshin chicken, and various appetizers. All have been consistently good. We had a grubhub coupon for free crab rangoon (which I usually hate - but who am I to say no to free things?!), and they changed my mind! Overall a solid spot and would highly recommend for takeout.
Oh how I love Ken Shin! 
I am never disappointed when I eat here. The service is great and the waiters are cheerful. I had the beef bulgogi and my boyfriend had the honey chicken (I think). Both were amazing. The food tasted fresh, as soon as I ordered I could here the beef sizzling in the back. 
Ken Shin is a cute small place for dinner or lunch when you don't want to deal with center city parking. The ice tea is also very tasty and homemade. 
Food is a little pricey for semi-typical Chinese food but it is worth it.
Sometimes I have to channel the bitter old man in my soul and sometimes a place is having an odd off day. Ken shin channels the bitterness.

I get to the restaurant and I'm told my take out order just was received and I should expect to wait 20 minutes. I glance at my phone and the email confirming my wife's order came in exactly 6 minutes ago.

Ok fine, indirectly call my wife a fibber. I step out into the bitter cold and wait. I come back use their facility. No soap in the dispenser and the trash is completely filled. Tell the proprietor and get no response. I ask if he heard my news; he says he heard me. 

At this point, I get on my bike and wonder how the staff got around to washing their hands and get to pedaling. I love into their complimentary rangoons and the tuna app - it was good. Our salmon teriyaki and honey chicken entree was bland. The chicken was soaked in chili oil and the sauce was not of a thickened consistency that would sit the fried chicken. The salmon lacked flavor and the broccoli was badly overdone. The vegetables were cooked to a bright green and mushy.

The service and cleanliness was worth knocking off two stars a piece. However the lack of quality control in the kitchen that is akin to what I would produce is just sad.

If you must order take out, make sure you order 25 minutes ahead of time and call back to confirm your order.
