I had always wanted to try Kensington Quarters as we love Bufad, which is owned by the same group. My daughter and myself headed over to KQ on a beautiful Sunday night in late July. It took a few trips around the block and some feeble attempts at an awkward angled space before finally finding a decent parking spot just a couple of blocks away on Frankford.

We didn't have a reservation, but that was not a problem as KQ had plenty of room on the nice outdoor patio. It was a really nice night as I wrote before, so we were glad to be outside. My daughter described KQ as a combination of Butcher Bar and Wm. Mulherin's Sons, which was very accurate. The restaurant is fairly large but not overly huge. 

We arrived at 6:00 and KQ has happy hour  from 5:00-7:00 on Sunday's. That was outstanding and we ordered the Mixed Charcuterie, KQ Burger (raw cheddar, garlic chili aioli, house brioche) and a beer off of that HH menu. The Mixed Charcuterie was only $5.00 and had lamb sausage! This was excellent. We also ordered the Dry Aged Pork Chop off the main menu and this was crazy good. It has this smoked and grilled taste and was super tender. My daughter and I savored every bite. For dessert we ordered the Buttermilk Custard Cake with hazelnut dacquoise, cherry compote, and fudge. This was so good and not overly sweet.

Our server was excellent the whole night and gave us some excellent recommendations and suggestions. We really liked KQ and if one has the desire for a meat forward meal, this is the place to go!

5 Yelp Stars!
I had the most lovely meal last night at Kensington Quarters.

March 10. 78 degrees. A twinkly-lit and spacious outdoor patio. A glass of cider. And the best damn burger I've had in months (maybe years!).

What makes it the best damn burger?

1. Incredibly fresh meat. You can see the dead cows from inside the restaurant.
2. Perfect meat to bun ratio.
3. It fit in my hands. No mess, no fuss. 
4. An incredibly savory special sauce that sings.
5. They have a charcoal grill, so you get that backyard flavor. 

While my burger came out a little more medium than medium rare like I had ordered, it honestly didn't matter. The flavor was there. And to me, that is big.

Served with pickles and a small portion of rosemary potatoes, this burger will leave you full and immensely satisfied-- but not feeling like you overdid it. 

I am eager to return to KQ.
Our goal at the beginning of Philly Cooks -- one of the greatest local foodie events -- was to seek out a booth that wasn't insanely crowded. We decided to start in the back corner.

I didn't realize that I'd be falling madly for a beautiful, wonderful, meaty heaven of a restaurant just seconds later. It all started with the cured pork loin. It came with a little potato chip too. It was glorious. Good god.

Kensington Quarters shot to the top of my to-visit list.

A couple weeks later, a reservation for six was made. I arrived first (because I was super eager, obviously) and I sat at the bar to order a drink. With some help from the bartender, I chose the Brooklyn Black Double Chocolate Stout. One and done! Awesome stout too.

Once my friends arrived, we walked past the butchering area and were seated in the dining room at a wooden plank table.

We tried a TON of the plates. I can't remember them all because it's been a good month now and also since I just checked their menu and it's mostly different. A return trip is IN ORDER! Who's in, Yelp friends???

Anyway. So at the time, I couldn't remember the name of the Philly Cooks sample that I had. With some help from our FANTASTIC server (in caps -- seriously, she was so peppy and helpful with answering our 100,000 questions), it was determined to be the cured loin. I put in an order for that (so much love! our server even laughed at how happy I was when I ordered it!) and also for the pork cutlet from the small plates section -- which is no longer on their menu but was so thin and juicy and siiiiigh.

I also tried bites from my friends' plates, including the pig foot lasagna (also not on the menu anymore, but it was delicious despite having foot parts in it) and the pork shoulder (emoji hearts here please). There was also some pasta in the mix at some point. I remember that much. And ummm... some other meats? Yes? I lost track of all the plates, frankly.

We tried all of the desserts too. The chocolate, chocolate, chocolate was my least favorite -- alas, it's not on the menu anymore either -- because it was too spicy. The best was the pear and lavender tort. From the latest version of the menu, I see a brown butter cake and I need it. Need.

So really. Who wants to visit?
I've only been to Kensington Quarters a couple of times for a libation. I've never sampled the food, so this review is for the aesthetic and cocktails only. My go to cocktail is the Canela- tequila, st germain, and lime topped with freshly grated cinnamon. Wine is available on tap, which is pretty cool! The downstairs bar is never crowded and a great dimly-lit spot for a drink with your date... just don't look behind you if you're squeamish about seeing freshly butchered meats. If you want to spoil your pup, grab some hearts and livers on the way out- they sell as dog food for an affordable price.
I had a wonderful brunch experience at Kensington Quarters on a late Sunday morning! I had been wanting to check this place out so when I finally did, it definitely lived up to my expectations. 

The restaurant is large and very spacious, making it a great spot for group gatherings. Our party of 7 was seated at the back of the restaurant, with a view of the very well maintained outdoor seating area. With the scorching hot and humid weather, this was the perfect spot for us. We could enjoy the outdoor scenery while staying cool inside! :)

I ordered the Crab Frittata for my meal and really enjoyed it. The frittata was stuffed with crab meat which I was quick to take note of. Some other members of the party pointed that out as well! The frittata was a bit salty, but that might just be personal preference. I tend to go light on the salt in my food. 

My meal came with potatoes which were FANTASTIC. I loved the frittata, but I loved the potatoes even more! They were incredibly crispy, like no potatoes I've had before. All members of our party received them with their entrees, and we couldn't stop raving about how good they were. No matter what brunch entree you choose - make sure it comes with potatoes or get a side order for just $5! Trust me - you won't regret it!

I will definitely be returning to this spot to try more of their food options. Although I know I can rely on Kensington Quarters to provide me with a top notch brunch, my next visit night have to be for dinner! The dinner menu looks incredible!
The Good.

1. This place is huge. If you need to seat 14 people together for brunch at the last minute, this is probably your best bet in the neighborhood. The back patio is perfect when the weather's nice, too. 

2. All of our servers were exceedingly nice. 

3. The fried chicken sandwich is pretty solid. The ham french toast is good if you like a big ham steak. My wife didn't, but I did so I ate her big ham steak. The breakfast potatoes are excellent, especially when combined with ketchup and hot sauce. All the dishes are fairly striking; presentation matters to these folks. 

The Bad.

1. They were understaffed. Our server also appeared to be bartending, and she was understandably a little frazzled, and missed a few things. 

2. Judging by our other meals in Fishtown, KQ is a bit overpriced, and the portions (except for the ham french toast) are a little on the smaller side for said prices (my fried chicken was barely visible inside the bun that swallowed it up). 

The Weird.

1. When asked about her preference between a few different dishes, she recommended the ham french toast if we were looking for a smaller portion. When our food arrived, the ham french toast was without a doubt the largest plate at the table.

2. My brother. He ordered both a cold brew and a hot coffee, which confused our server to the point that they either thought he was kidding and forgot the cold brew, or just didn't bring the cold brew out of spite for his weirdness.
Very overpriced and small portions. While the space is beautiful, the upcharge on meats is insane. Just drive to Wyebrook yourself for fresher, cheaper prices. The bill was close to $300 by night's end for four hungry folks. 

I also did not appreciate our waitress, who gave us unnecessary attitude multiple times during the night. I was especially annoyed when she became irritated with us because she had no idea what "dry aged" meant. If you're gonna tout yourself as a butcher in a meat-centric restaurant, hire a staff who understands various meat preparations...or at least is friendly.
Loved my birthday dinner at Kensington Quarters! The outdoor patio is a beautiful spot to have some delicious food and wine and catch the sunset with a large group, and if you're lucky the entire patio will serenade you with the sweet musical stylings of the birthday song when the waiter brings out dessert with a candle!

Our waitress was super helpful and guided us in the right direction with which specials to order and which to skip (appreciate the honesty) and which rose would pair well with our first plates (and was affordable). The bartender mixed up some delicious drinks, compete with dramatically clapped thyme and even took requests for mocktails and no egg whites.

The food! Everything tasted so fresh and flavorful and  the portion sizes were just right! 6 ladies shared:

- 6 month aged ham special with snap peas- this ain't your Easter ham. Thinly sliced and nestled within crisp veggies in a light vinaigrette.  Perfect. 
- The swordfish in delicious butter sauce you'll want to eat with a spoon. Crisp radishes and asparagus and greens bathed in butter. Favorite entree. 
- Beet salad- bright, refreshing, with delicious cheese sauce which was put on the side for our pregnant friend).
- Baked brie with pesto sauce and pine nuts- gooey deliciousness.
- Pork shoulder with potato cakes - so tender and delicious. 
-Lamb Bolognese fettucini- so good and a large portion.
- Mushroom lasagna- great flavors,  but not my favorite. 
- Kouign Aman- flaky croissant like pastry with cardamom ice cream and pistachios. Perfect end to the meal and not too heavy. 

With 1 bottle of wine total came to $40 per person with tax and tip which was a great value for all that we got!  Highly recommend, definitely worth the trip to Kensington.
tl;dr a sophisticated yet comfortable American eatery, featuring a carefully curated assortment of premium meats and handmade pasta

Kensington Quarters remains trendy despite being one of the older restaurants in Fishtown. Sporting the tropes that have become synonymous with the neighborhood --repurposed dining space, locally sourced ingredients, innovative fusion cuisine -- it's no surprise to me why it remains atop many of Philly's must-try lists.

The restaurant is built into the shell of a warehouse. Directly upon entering, the bar lies opposite a butcher table, with a handful of high-top tables in between, and toward the back of the restaurant is the main dining area. The whitewashed ceiling continues to exposed wooden rafters and the HVAC system. The decor is decidedly modern and minimalistic, opting for black wooden chairs and slick pine tables built onto a refitted metal beam.

My partner and I have been meaning to give this place a go for some time now. Well, our time for KQ finally arrived last weekend. We booked a table at 6PM on a Friday, and at that time only a few people were at the restaurant. But by the time we left, the entire space was filled. Our first impression was that the place was hot -- literally, as in the AC was not meant to take the Philly summer. Our waitress was middling, attentive but indecisive and soft-spoken when we asked her for some recommendations.

The menu screamed innovative farm-to-table, opting to use seasonal produce to complement the meat offerings. We decided to try the Mixed Charcuterie, the Lamb Crepinette, the Conchiglie, and the Pork Tasting. Within a matter of minutes, our opening platter was brought out, a smattering of pepperoni, pancetta, and cotto, served beside homemade focaccia. My partner and I both loved the rich, fatty cotto atop the olive oil-y pillows of bread, but we conceded that the dish as a whole felt comically bare for the price. The lamb sausage, on the other hand, featured a surprisingly satisfying amount of meat. Cooked and seasoned Mediterranean-style, the plate was like the best gyro I've ever had, although the slaw was bland. The conchiglie pasta drew Latin American inspirations, topped with strong flavors like pepper, corn, and crispy blood sausage. The sauce was packed with flavor, but only just thicker than stock, ensuring that the dish was light and fresh. Finally, our pork showcase included three acts: pulled pork shoulder, sausage, and barbecued loin, plated in a bright green broth with turnips and blueberries (which admittedly felt out-of-place).  While the former meat was tragically overcooked and tough, the sausage and loin were excellent. The latter sported an intriguing wooden bbq flavor, probably smoked before being grilled. To round out our meal, my partner and I decided to opt for a dessert: the Maple and Kombu Ice Cream. Quite frankly, this "dessert nachos" was the highlight of our meal. Homemade potato chips were doubly crispy and drizzled with a maple syrup, then served atop a rich maple ice cream (the kombu was notably absent) with bitter espresso fudge sauce. My partner didn't love the espresso fudge, but I was impressed by how accurately it captured the flavors of a true espresso shot.

At just over $100 for two, Kensington Quarters is in line with other farm-to-table-ries throughout the city. As a self-proclaimed purveyor of meats, KQ sets a high bar for itself. I think it performed admirably, but I couldn't call KQ my favorite American fare in Philly. Nonetheless, its worth a try at least once if you're in the mood for a pleasant, meat-filled evening.
Kensington Quarters may have ruined burgers for me. The KQ Burger may have ruined Kensington Quarters for me.  Talk about a first world problem huh? 

I went to Kensington Quarters for the first time Sunday undecided on my meat selection. Dining with a group of six, I was hoping everyone would be game to split the Mixed Meat entre that comes with all meats and seasonal sides. Unfortunately, it was unavailable that day. My friends who had dined there before highly raved about the burger. I was contemplating between so many other things, but I knew I would have burger envy (yes, that's a thing). 

We were able to split the large charcuterie plate, which was an excellent sampling of the various meats. Duck liver pate, head cheese, bologna and pepperoni made up our plate, and I'm glad I just googled some of these now versus at the time. Regardless of the contents of my meat, I thoroughly enjoyed the sampling experience. 

Deciding to order the KQ Burger was a game changer. My medium rare patty, and to say patty was an understatement because it was a huge hunk of burger, was juicy without being messy. It was so thick it was a struggle to eat. More first world problems for me. The garlic aioli, raw cheddar and caramelized onion added an extra something special to a fine piece of meat that could have easily stood by itself. 

The service was great. The atmosphere was relaxed (despite the SCARY fresh meat dangling on the way to the dining room). My red glass of red draft wine complimented by red meat so well. 

So, my problem? How can I not have the burger next time? How can I ever try anything else?

Oh, Kensington Quarters, you are such a good problem in my book.
[This review in its' entirety appears on my blog: www.fare-game.net]

The décor is clean, bright and industrial, with exposed pipes and metallics but also brings that butcher aesthetic with a thick wooden bar and tables. Bartenders and servers also wear full aprons, as if they're prepared to step behind the butcher counter and break down a lamb or pig at any moment. An open kitchen and windowed butcher fridge give the place an expansive and accessible feel.  There is also another bar and classroom upstairs that have not officially opened yet.

We sat at the downstairs bar across from the butcher counter and ogled the variety of meats offered while ordering drinks. KQ offers a select choice of drafts, cocktails and wines. While perusing the menu I saw a whole pig get brought in, wrapped in paper, put down on the butcher block and start getting broken down.  If you are not a meat-eater, I hazard to guess this sort of ambience is not your thing and would recommend sitting in the back seating area (but I personally thought it was neat!).  Non-meat offerings are available as the menu is divided into "small plates," "starches, grains, greens," and "entrees."   But like the carnivores that we are, we were there to get some tasty animal flesh!

We stuck to the small plates menu so we could try a few different things.  Here's what we sampled:

 - Maitake Mushroom - the mushrooms were served two ways: as part of a puff pastry that included carmelized onion, and lightly sautéed on a bed of mixed greens with a blue cheese garnish both crumbled and as a sauce on the side. The tart was light and airy and worked well with the subtle blue cheese (gorgonzola dolce I believe) sauce. The whole mushrooms were sautéed to perfection, with the ends having a nice crispy texture. The meatiness of the maitake paired with the crumbled blue cheese and mixed greens and was umami-heaven.

- Rare Beef - [Beef sourced from Wyebrook farm in Honey Brook, PA and Perry County Land & Cattle in New Port, PA]  Rare is not an understatement! With only a slight sear on the outer edges, this reminded me of a tartar but sliced into thin strips instead of finely chopped. Served on top of toasted sourdough and a bed or arugula and dressed very simply with a subtle hint of horseradish, parsley and lemon, the flavors were bright and really allowed the beef to stand out as extremely fresh and flavorful.

- Lamb Ravioli - [Grass fed Lamb sourced from Double Brook farm in Hopewell, NJ] This was a special not on the regular menu, and I'm so glad we chose it as it was by far our favorite dish of the night. Lamb meat and lamb liver were combined into a light and airy mousse within the pasta, tossed in a brown butter reduction and rosemary and topped with aged goat cheese. Seriously all I can say is WOW. This was like a flavor bomb exploded in my mouth! The layers of richness and texture, the strong slightly bitter taste of the aged goat cheese shavings, the soft texture of the pasta combined with the nutty brown butter, and the decadent velvety metallic tang of the liver and meat mousse was just pure perfection. I'm not sure how long this special will be available but I'm deploring you to get it while you can, or better yet KQ, add this to your menu!

Our bartenders were attentive and extremely helpful and kind. We were full on the 3 small plates items but I would like to go back again and try an entrée next time.  KQ is a bit pricy; I wouldn't be able to afford going here all the time but I was extremely satisfied with the portions we received for the price.  I was hoping to get the skinny on when the upstairs classroom will open but they're still in the planning stages with that, the bartender noted.

Kensington Quarters is a great addition to Kensington and I highly recommend it to my carnivore friends!
I went here yesterday as a birthday present from my girlfriend. We signed up for the lamb butchering class. I was not exactly pleased with my experience.

The class was informative, it was taught by a very friendly butcher, but very boring. Than the bigger problems  started. It was a goat and not a lamb, I'm totally fine with that but we signed up for a lamb butchering class and they knew before hand they couldn't do lamb and told no one. It would have been nice for them to contact and let us know.

As the class continued I realized we wouldn't get a chance to butcher the goat ourselves. We sat the whole time and watched her do everything. No one had an opportunity to do any cutting or anything. It was pretty boring and not what I expected.

After the butchering was done, there was still an hour left in the class, I thought that they were going to cook some of the food that we butchered, but no. Than I figured hey that's not bad, Maybe we would split up the remaining meat for us to take home as there were only 5 people in the class, but no, again. They offered us a portion of a single cut. I got a quarter of the loin chops and my girlfriend got a quarter of one of the butterflied leg meat.

I really can't justifying paying 145$ to watch someone to butcher a goat and get about 2 1/2 pounds of meat. She was very nice but not being able to do anything ourselves made the experience very boring.

I really feel like they should have added dinner made from the goat or another goat or the lamb we signed up to butcher. I also think they should have let the class get involved, it was very boring and completely over priced. There were 5 people in the class at 145$ a person, 725$ and they didn't provide dinner drinks or much meat at all. 

Great business to get all this money when people don't go into restaurants and charge them to not provide much of a service and butcher something they would have to do anyway.

The meat was very good quality though, but at 290$ for 2 1/2 pounds it should have been about 15 pounds of meat, or some good service, drinks, a meal, something more.
My rating is based on math - I hope I did it correctly !

The restaurant is unique - you walk through a butcher shop to get to your table, checking out what you may be having for dinner as you pass the various refrigerated cases.

Our server Shaun could not have been nicer - his knowledge of the restaurant's farm to table suppliers and the ingredients of the individual dishes was very impressive.

The sections of the menu are labeled 1 to 3.  Our choices (Rare Beef with arugula and the Headcheese) from #1 were outstanding.   The Headcheese was nothing like what you see in a grocery/gourmet store but more like a smooth pate - amazing!  From #2 we chose the Goat Cheese Ravioli, which was the thinnest cheese filled pasta I think we've ever had - delicious, and the Scallops over a shaved snap pea (?) salad.  Again, very very good.

But then our #3 choices feel short.  The Pork Shoulder with sautéed greens and potato tortas was, although moist, not all that flavorful.  This was also found with the Roasted Goat with radishes, spring onion and kale, all the various cuts of meat being over salted.

So if we were really only blown-away by 2/3's of the menu, that appears to come out to only a 3 star rating.

With 2 beers, a delicious Herb Garden cocktail and 2 Cappuccinos, the bill came to around $145 before tip.

With their main claim to fame being the butcher shop, we were very surprised and disappointed in the lack of "wow" in our main entrees but will be back to give it another try.
Three thumbs down, however that's possible. Buy a $9 cider (I think they forgot to rufie me at that price, but I'll let that slide.)  standing around, in the over crowded bar area. Too small. Way too small. Ask if we can go upstairs and are told upstairs is closed. Okkkkay. Look at the seating area, decide fuck it, let's sit. (At least 8-10 tables were open and there were not that any people standing waiting to fill the amount of tables.) we neatly moved the place settings over just incase we were yelled at. And low and behold, the worlds sweetest girl I have ever encountered comes over and explains the tables are for food, that's fine! We asked for a dessert menu to be able to sit, which is followed by "there's a 35 minute wait to be seated" ............. Yeah. That. Had the establishment not sent the worlds most polite girl to tell me, I would of been a
Dick. But yah lost my business cause shit doesn't make sense.
RESTAURANT  3.5 -stars

BUTCHER   5-stars

** RESTAURANT REVIEW **

Eat here for the quality of the meat not for the quality of the food as a whole.  I am obsessed with grass fed meat and the nuances of taste that local animals provide.  This is the real reason to eat here.  If you don't care too much about that, then I'd eat elsewhere as the dishes themselves don't wow and the meat is really the star.

Roast beef small plate: Actually quite large and a good deal.  The meat and bread were outstanding but the sandwich as a whole didn't come together.  The finely grated horseradish falls off the top.  They need to incorporate it into a spread that binds the whole sandwich together and melds all the flavors.  

Pork shoulder: Fantastic, slow roasted, incredibly lean meat.  Potatoes were dry and greens had a good sauce but so little of it.  There needs to be more sauce to drag the meat and potatoes through.  Again, nothing binds together on the plate.

Carrot and radish salad: Not good.  A large pool of carrot puree slathered under the salad tasted like baby food.  Who wants to drag delicate, cold lettuce through an equally cold very thick puree?  It just made no sense and was not edible.  The radishes were really fresh though.  I rarely dislike a salad but this missed the mark.

Olive oil cake:  The cake was great but there was so little of it because it was overwhelmed with seeds, and cream, and brittle.  Tone it down.  Just give me a slice of really good olive oil cake without all the bells and whistles.

Extra points for bubbly water on tap.   


** BUTCHER REVIEW**

I purchased flank steak, pork loin, port tenderloin, pork cutlets, and eggs.  All were fantastic, some of the best I have ever cooked.  The butchers know where and how the animals were raised.  It is not just a bunch of bs that you get at other places that label things free range or grass fed and have no idea what that means.  Anywhere else in the city where I have gone for really local fresh meat only sells frozen pieces.  This is a real butcher shop where they are hacking away at the whole animals in front of you.   

The meat is expensive.  But it is so fresh, rich, and nutritious tasting that I don't need to consume as much of it as I would of a lesser quality meat.  So yes, I am paying a more but in the end it is healthier and I don't have to buy as much of it.  This is not in my neighborhood but I have made weekly trips there and will continue to for all of my meats.
I don't get the criticisms of this place, if in your opinion its too expensive there are a ton of cheaper options in the area. I am confused as to why Kensington Quarters should be cheap just to "fit in" with the neighborhood. Maybe what the neighborhood needs is an upscale place for people to go to dinner. Cheaper restaurants and places like Kensington Quarters can certainly co-exist and thrive in each other's presence. 

The space is really nice and the staff is friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu. We arrived for an early Friday night reservation and were immediately seated. The cocktail selection is good, not overly large but not small either. They have a number of wines available along with a number of draft beers. We ordered a cocktail and a beer and both were very good. For appetizers we went with the raw beef and the spelt and bacon. Both were exceptionally good and I wish that we had more of each. For dinner we went with the skate wing and the pork shoulder. The skate wing was very good and the accompanying cauliflower was awesome, couldn't get enough of it. The pork shoulder was amazing as well, perfectly cooked, it was not dry and was brined to perfection. The accompanying potato tortas were awesome and the spinach was a superb accompaniment as well. Unfortunately we did not save room for dessert because we were stuffed but we plan to return in the near future, we live right down the street and Kensington Quarters is a great addition to the neighborhood.

For the 2 of us, a few drinks, apps, and dinner was $120 with tip which is pretty average for a nice night out in Philly.
What a cool place! These people know what they are doing. I always see the head chef working the kitchen and leading the team, so you know the quality is always there with the food. They do great combinations and come at it from more of a butchers perspective of using the whole animal, which really gives great flavors and unique cuts and meats. I couldn't be more impressed, other than they ran out of the special I was going to get.

Fancy bar area right as you walk in for a delicious cocktail with group seating upstairs. A must visit in Philly. There are windows into their refrigerator to see the meat curing. The staff is very knowledgeable and an all around great experience.
Kensington Quarters is my new favorite spot in Philadelphia; a bold statement, I know. 

Let me start off by stating the obvious: probably not your best option if you are vegan, seeing at this is a butcher shop and meat-centered restaurant! Yet, if you are a carnivorous meat-eater, you will likely fall in love with this place. As I did.

My boyfriend and I dined together and decided upfront to split at least one selection per menu section. I recommend this, as I'm not sure that they have a tasting menu and everything was absolutely outstanding and worth sampling.

CHARCUTERIE: Head Cheese
Warning- this is not cheese! What an amazing cut of meat, though. The cabbage slaw and fennel mayo were absolutely amazing. I can't say more. You must order this.

SMALL PLATES: Roasted Sunchokes
What you might expect from the description. This dish was also prepared extremely well. 100% recommended.

SMALL PLATES: Grilled Beef Heart
Not on the current online menu, but let me say it was my FAVORITE dish of the evening. What looks like a small portion is completely packed with flavor and the meat is just so tender. OMG, I am still dreaming of it.

PASTA: Cannelloni
Seriously outstanding, I am speechless. The goat ragu paired with the goat cheese is incredible. Must. Order.

ENTREES: Pork Shoulder
While this was prepared to perfection (you can cut the meat with a fork), it was my least favorite of the evening. Still amazing, still highly recommended.

We passed on dessert; way too full at that point. But they have a great beer/wine/cocktail list, as well, so this place is really just a win/win.

To make  it a win/win/win, the décor is totally cool and industrial and clean, and I LOVED it. The staff was also super courteous and knowledgeable. And great.

I will definitely go back....when can I go back!?
Can we talk about the brunch here?! Pork shoulder Benedict with Rival Bros coffee, I mean... This was our first time going and we will definitely be back. My friend's steak and eggs were also good, but I preferred my dish.
Fantastic meal! 

From the pantry our table had the sourdough bread, beef tartare, fried chicken, parsnip ravioli and the charcuterie. We were served focaccia bread on the house, which was oh so tasty. 

Sourdough bread comes with whipped lard and fermented cabbage, which was great. Beef tartare comes with chips and was a creamy texture (I've never had it before..really good), fried chicken had a chili glaze, lightly fried, juicy and delicious! The parsnip ravioli was one of my favorites of the night with Malachi cheese, mmm! The charcuterie was good with duck liver pate with pistachio, cured ham and a few others. 

For dinner we had the spicy beef, the lasagna, and the KQ burger. The lasagna was huge!! All were delicious!

We got three desserts of dark chocolate pudding, caramelized almond cake, and sourdough apple fritters. I liked them all! It's hard to choose a favorite because they were each so different. The pudding was thick and rich, served with crumbled cookie, nice combo. The almond cake was served with a cranberry curd and mascarpone. The apple fritters were served with vanilla ice cream and caramel. 

The service and food were wonderful and I would come back again.
Noooooooooo snooty overpriced jerks that don't like locals.  $10 beers.  Empty tables all over and said they were reserved.  BS.  Oh and it's full of smelly dead meat.  Weird.  Very politely kicked us out, props for that.  This place is full of old people.
I came in for just a burger, It was great. came all the way from university city which isn't too far, but it was definitely worth the uber there and back. The burger was cooked perfectly and it was a great portion size. I didn't think the pickles were all that great but they were just on the side.
Overall my experience with their food was just so so. The quality of the meat is superb but the steak for 2 (over $70) wasn't cooked that well. It was medium rare but it wasn't seared properly, thus not really taking full advantage of its high quality. Was cooked more akin to a poached quality. So for the price I can't say I'd go back regularly. 

Great environment, very well done, the table service was very professional but for a seventy dollar steak to be only cooked average to good and not exceptionally I can't make the case to spend that much again. This is their signature dish and it didn't stack up.
DH and I had a wonderful time at Kensington Quarters on Friday night. The restaurant was spacious with very sterile industrial chic décor.  Upon entering we came to a glass display of the butcher shop delights, as we past the meat counter, there was a little bar on the left and a kitchen where you can peek in to see the chefs at hard work.  There was a nice outdoor courtyard illuminated by a light bulb canopy, it would have been perfect to dine outside had there not been a little chill in the area, I image it's probably popular of day drinking when the weather is nice.

We were seated at two top and our waiter quickly came over with a cocktail list. He was very knowledge about in their bourbon selection when DH quizzed him to find the perfect pour.

We started off with the shaved lamb leg and the pork liver pate.  The lamb was delicious, so thinly sliced with robust smoky flavor and a buttery texture. I would have been nice if the meats was accompanied by some condiments and baguette, but we made due with the bread and oil for the table. I was hoping for some type of mustard. 
The Pate was delicious, again would have been nice to be able to spread it on some pointed toast, but I was just as happy devouring it without it.
Duck Ragu Tagliatelle- by far my favorite plate of the night, the tagliatelle was a perfect light al dente-(I loathe heavy pasta as far as I'm concerned this is the goldilocks of pasta) the creamy sauce and pears complimented the duck. I could have eaten an entrée portion of this dish. 
Beet Salad was presented nicely and all the ingredients were fresh a nicely sized portion- filling but not overly stuffed.
KQ Burger- I looked over and DH was taking a picture of this burger to text to someone, claiming that this burger is one of the top burgers on his list. I can't comment, but I didn't get offered a bite, which rarely happens.

For our dessert course, we opted for the liquid diet and hate the digestiff flight service.  They were nice, but I found the liqueur to be a little biting for my taste. DH enjoyed them, but he's never really met a cocktail he didn't enjoy.

I would also like to note that the tableware was PRISTINELY clean! Which I notice everywhere. The glasses were smooth and sparkling and none of the flatware had any uber annoying water spots as I've seen in countless establishments. Bravo- KQ, it's great way to put the finishing touch on a table setting that is often neglected elsewhere, because the details matter!

All in all, we had a great date night out, it's been months since our DD was born so I was in dire need a good night out. The waiter was enthusiastic and engaging and the food was delicious, it was a thumbs up in our book!
One of the more memorable meals I've had that was part of Philly top 50 list.

Lasagna (mushroom?) and pork shoulder are must tries.  The ice cream brownie and panna cotta deserts were also very well done.

Group of 4 adults and 1 baby, we spent about $180 total including drinks.  Definitely one of the cheaper options on the top 50 list and probably one of my favorites.

Wait staff was very friendly and very knowledgeable in terms of the food and drink recommendations.  Nice laid back ambiance, not too loud but not whisper quiet.  All in all a great dining experience
Kensington Quarter sure doesn't kid around when it comes to the meats. At brunch last Sunday, I enjoyed my best scrapple to date and a flavorful medium rare steak served alongside the prettiest eggs I've had in a while. The yolks were a deep golden color with a fresh taste; I imagine they'd be incredible soft boiled with toast.

Although the steak was flavorful I would not reorder because the cut was noticeably tough. Regardless, I am very interested in returning to get the entire butcher-to-table experience at dinner.
Full disclosure, we did not eat anything during our visit, we just sampled their entire bar. Our bartender was very nice and explained all of the ingredients that we didn't know. While the prices are a bit steep, I will say that these drinks are usually made with freshly muddled and organic ingredients. 

I did the Canela (twice) and it was awesome. I have a feeling I would have been REALLY unsteady on my feet if I had a third. Tequila brings out the best in me. My aunt did the Pollo Rosso which has an egg white that keeps the drink nice and frothy for the entire experience.

This spot had a nice vibe and is definitely a place for the meat lover in your life (see my pictures.)
I've had my eye on Kensington Quarters for a while, as I'm a huge fan of the other 13th Street Kitchens ventures. I made a reservation on Open Table the day of, and I managed to score a table for two at prime dinner hour on a weekend. My friend and I were seated outside, in their beautiful space in the back of the restaurant. We shared the KQ burger and the pork shoulder. The burger was classic, delicious, and juicy. The pork shoulder was so incredibly tender and flavorful. I would recommend them both to anyone who ventures to Fishtown!

Kensington Quarters also has a happy hour Sun-Fri from 5-7, with cocktails, beer, and wine, and a great small food selection, including the KQ burger! I'll definitely be checking this out the next time I get out of work early!
Truly a great dinner.

At this point in my life I don't eat a lot of meat (a bit of a "save the planet" combined with a bit of a "don't hurt the animals"), so when I go to a restaurant in order to eat something like a burger or a pork shoulder, it better be exceptional - and here they both were. My wife thought this burger was the best she'd ever had - it was truly great - no toppings other than some fried veggies required!

This restaurant is not pretentious, includes their own butcher shop (hence the amazing quality of their meat), and the dishes overall are top notch. The accompanying vegetables and such were fresh (I believe farm-to-table) and perfectly cooked.

Will definitely take friends here when they visit.
Clearly I'm in the minority but I found this place quite pretentious. The waitress was a bit condescending when I asked "no steak on the menu huh?" And she replied "Steak? Eh noooo" as if I were in a vegan restaurant and didn't just pass a butcher counter filled with beef(and a see through locker with hanging cow)The menu was limited and I ordered the beet salad. It was ok but Franky Bradley's reins supreme for roasted beets. For entree, nothing appealed but the pork chop special but that was $55 so I had the mushroom lasagna per many Yelp reviews. It's was bitter and bland and dry. The bf got the burger it was ok. 2 stars for the cocktails and interior. 60 minutes and $150 later, no thanks.
(To the tune of "I Believe in a Thing Called Love" by The Darkness [confession I may have reviewed to this song before, but I LOVE IT])

I can't explain it, all the things that make up a perfect meal
But thinking 'bout this meat, my god I'm shocked that it's really real.

Feeding you, feeding me....
Eat some zucch then charcuteriiiiiieeeee 

Fishtown holds this local gem
And we're all happy that it's there
Feeding meat lovin' women and men
From well-done to pink, red, rare!
Take one bite and you'll know it's love
Oooooh!

Want that kielbasa, burger, steak, and pork liver pateeeeeeeeee.
I've got those meat sweats bad, but everything is A-oKAY!

Feeding you, feeding me....
Eat some zucch then charcuteriiiiiieeeee 

Head to Frankford for lunch or brunch
Hey, you could even just go for the drinks
Sip some vino, apps to munch
Perfect outdoor space, methinks
Take one bite and you'll know it's love
Oooooh!

I've been to KQ for meats (Pricey, but delish), apps, drinks. Never an actual full meal, now that I think of it, but I've had enough friends come home clutching their full bellies to know it delivers there, too. The ambiance is great, the outdoor garden area is gorgeous, and their cocktails are top notch. You don't go here for a cheap night out, but you do go here for quality, and I've never left disappointed.
I went to Kensington Quarters for brunch. The restaurant has a bar up front, a dining room past the bar, and then an outdoor patio. Definitely a nice spot for brunch in the warm weather.

For brunch I started with a muffin / donut pastry, which was like a muffin on the outside but the inside was like a donut. A unique and tasty pastry. I ordered the pork shoulder benedict for my entree. It's a poached egg on a biscuit with hollandaise sauce. The pork is on the side instead of sliced on the biscuit. It's a very good take on the eggs benedict, but the potatoes, although perfectly seasoned, were a bit too crispy. I also had a chance to sample one of their french toast dishes. It had to be sent back to the kitchen the first time. The re-cooked dish was an average french toast dish.

I might come back because of the patio, but the food seems to be a mixed bag.
Had a really nice meal here with the SO before a show at the Fillmore. We made a reservation for 6pm but its a big space so I'm sure we would have been fine without. 

This place doesn't look like much from the outside but it is truly beautiful inside! I love the open butcher area, it makes you feel like your meal is being thoughtfully prepared. The garden out back is also very beautiful and there are plenty of different seating options depending on what size your group or preference is! 

Our waiter was great and recommended two cocktails to us. We each ordered one and they were really good! 

We just shared everything Including the baked cheese, roasted carrots, kielbasa, KQ burger, and a side salad. 

The winners were the unbelievably juicy burger with crispy potatoes as a side and the melt in your mouth scrumptious baked cheese- one of those times you wish it was socially acceptable to lick your plate clean! 

If you have any room left, order the apple tarts- omg so delicious! 

The rest of the food was good, but the portions were not particularly large and seemed lacking with the vegetable dishes. 

Overall the service was wonderful from start to finish and the food was timed well- we left happy and full!
Frankford renaissance central.  I don't even recognize the neighborhood anymore, but I digress.

Oh my, is this place gorgeous, or what? The interior is Scandinavian cool with lots of airy open spaces, wood and metal.  Two bars.  Wine taps (Amen! Small-ish pours though). Butcher shop. Open kitchen. Chic bathrooms.  Farmhouse tables. Rustic modern elegance. Wines, beers, and cocktails well curated.  Not cheap.

Service was informed, full of recommendations and friendly. Loved the complimentary sparkling water. Always a plus in my book.

Menu options were, as expected, very meat friendly - but not its sole focus, though we ended up ordering that way.

The rare beef and pastrami small plate absolutely sung.  Simple, plated gorgeously - and yum-ville.  The rare beef, a slight play on a beef tartare.  Seared on the outside, raw and served on a crunchy sourdough bread with lightly dressed arugula.  Perfection.  The parsnip ravioli?  Hello LOVER.  Delicate and just melted in your mouth.  I would have ordered three plates of the stuff, and wiped them clean if I could have.

The entrees, however, are where things fell just a bit flat.  A pork shoulder cut (which seemed to be entirely too fatty) not properly cooked through (scrumptious torta, though), while a beef bottom round was cooked perfectly, but the dish did not have enough dimension or contrast with its complimentary sides.  We arrived at 8:15 for an 8:30 reservation and did not leave until nearly 11, so dinner progression was a bit slowed - which I can just chalk up to growing pains. Also, wish that the bottled wine list had a bit more of a wider price range. 

Definitely looking forward to a revisit, if just to nibble on their awesome small plates and while away the hours on their wine taps.
With hundreds of new apartments being built all around this area, Kensington Quarters is in the right place, and its concept - an eclectic small menu and a terrific butcher shop - is spot on for the expected rush of well-to-do newly arriving Kensingtonians.  The meat display is enticing but quality has its price.  No quibbles here.
As for the restaurant, the experience was rather mixed.  First the good (actually very good):  the tagliatelle with duck ragu and brandied pears could not have been more perfectly cooked for home-made pasta although I would have liked more duck and fewer pear pieces.  Also, the portion was on the small side.  We shared the mixed charcuterie plate and the pork head cheese was a stand out while the cooked salami was merely an ok selection.  Again, generosity is not what comes to mind with this plate and the two small pieces of bread that came with the three meats and (ok) local gouda were woefully inadequate.  A request for at least one more piece so all three of us could enjoy the charcuterie led to the longest bread wait ever but finally, another couple of small slices arrived.
The burger and the tuna salad dishes were both disappointing.  The heavily toasted brioche bun of the small burger (with very good meat) was too dry and brittle to be enjoyable, especially since the aioli spread was miniscule. The worst dish was the tuna salad with its grey and stringy pieces of overcooked tuna (pieces of good ventresca out of a can would have been so much better).
The space is airy and well designed, there is a good number of outdoor tables for warmer days.  Service was friendly and adequate.
Disclaimer: My review is for the butcher class and not the food/drinks.

I love to cook and I thought it would be cool to learn how to break down my own meat. When I saw that KQ had a butchery class, I wanted it, and I was given the class as a gift. 

Bryan, the owner, ran the class and he was mad cool. I actually thought he was a worker until the end when he told me he was a co-owner. He was just really down to earth and patient with the entire class. I'm glad that he was because my knot tying pretty much sucked, but I eventually got the hang of things.

We were supposed to see how a lamb was broken down, but they sold it all and pig was the substitute. During the pig session, we only watched as Bryan did his thing. It was neat seeing this.

After the intro and the pig, we learned how to tie a few knots for roasting purposes. After that part, the magic happened. Bryan showed us how to break down a chicken and then each of us got one of our own. I was a little intimidated at first, but it was fun when I got my hands dirty (literally.) The process was really straightforward and I'll definitely be breaking down my own chickens from now on. The cherry on top was that we were sent home with the entire chicken after we were done. Dope!
To be fair, Kensington Quarters didn't really match my expectation of what I thought they were planning for it, so I might be a bit biased. Our meal was good, but nothing special. I had an issue with my entree which they corrected and then comped our dessert.  Everything was decent, but nothing was stand-out, and it was a bit pricey for the experience.
wow wow wow love this place! great happy hour deals; GOT TO GET THE MUSHROOM TOAST. unbelievably flavorful and if you love mushrooms, you'll love this.
the outside seating is adorable, great date night spot. 

charcuterie board: small but for happy hour $5 it's the perfect amount. that mustard tho is SPICCCY, be careful

spicy sausage: love how flavorful the sausage was, i wish it came with a creamier sauce though rather than the spicy mustard, i needed something to cool down the sausage

spaghetti pomodoro: o man, the noodles were perfectly al dente, and the baked breadcrumbs gave the pasta a nice crunch which i loved. the bottom of the plate though was a little bit watery, definitely would recommend the chef to let the noodles soak up some sauce before plating

duck breast: hoping there was a litle bit more meat on my plate but for the place i guess the portion made sense. cooked very nicely, wished there was some type of side on my plate like a potato puree or something

overall this place was an amazing dining experience, my server was very attentive and helpful. i would definitely come back here and try their other dishes
I just dined at KQ for the second time.  I have to say that though the food was good, the menu is very limited (and yes I like meat!).  Most importantly, I left thinking that this place is outrageously overpriced.

I enjoy fine dining and had a thousand expensive dinners around the world. This is not fine dining in an way.  Not the food.  Not the atmosphere.

There were a few things that our party of six ordered that were just total ripoffs.  I am sorry but a 12.00 order of Brussels sprouts should have more than 4 chopped up Brussels sprouts. And a 24.00 order of mushroom ravioli should be more than a small appetizer plate size.

I enjoy good food.  I am not cheap.  But I felt this place was like "Let's see how far we can go and get away with ripping off people."
I came here for restaurant week in NoLibs/Fishtown and left feeling stuffed and happy. We made our reservation around the time of happy hour, which made us even contemplate whether to do restaurant week because their prices were so great. However, we decided to stick to our original plan.

To start I got the beet salad with almonds and ricotta. This was so fresh, bright, and surprisingly filling. My friend got the charcuterie board which was small but the chicken liver mousse that was plated oh so beautifully was one of the better ones I have had. 

For my entree I got the pork with the potato latkes and lemon curd. This was good but not mind-blowing. The lemon curd seemed like a superfluous addition and in my opinion did not complement the dish. The pork was a tad too crispy, but was full of flavor. Although is a meat centered establishment my favorite part of this dish was the potatoes.

For desert I got the brownie with mint ice cream. The brownie was alright, what I really didn't enjoy was the ice cream. Using fresh mint, instead of peppermint flavor almost seemed to clash with the brownie. 

Overall, the ambiance, food, and food were above average. I just think next time I'll just come here for happy hour and get some appetizers.
I ate dinner here on a Friday night and had such a great experience. I noticed this place as I passed by a few weeks earlier and was drawn by its appearance. The service,food and decor go perfectly for this up and changing neighborhood. 

Everything is butchered in the restaurant and has a very authentic farm to table feel. The outside seating is where their hidden gem is really at. Try this place before it gets super crowded!
It's pretty bad when a restaurant only has two good things on the menu. I had read the reviews which raved about the pork shoulder, turns out that and the cannelloni are the only edible things on the menu. I had a Sauvignon Blanc, good but a very, very short pour. Then I had a wood fired grilled mushrooms and Swiss chard, the mushrooms were chewy, mostly stems, beyond woody and mostly tasteless. The shaved goat was smoked and flavorful, but an insufficient portion. Goat is cheap, c'mon folks! The cannelloni was delicious and welcome. Besides the pork shoulder, which was good, the crispy chicken was over salty from the brining and the leg was miniscule, ridiculous for $25.00! The beef neck was equally disappointing, grisly and stringy, devoid of any interesting sauce, very basic broccoli rabe. Quite a disappointment overall, we are very unlikely to return.
Pretty cool place. The ambiance was nice, and the old-school hip-hop Music was unexpected, but very much appreciated! The food was of high quality, but needed a dash of seasoning.
Came here on a Sunday night for my husband's birthday. It was a nice night so we sat outside. It had a rustic feel with wooden benches with patio lights strung up and a fire pit in the corner.  

We started off with drinks. I got the summer bod which had coconut tequila, velvet falernum, pineapple and lime. It was refreshing but I really enjoyed my husband's drink that  I told him to get , which had peas, pepper, mint , and gin. It was bright green. I was surprised I liked it cause I really don't like peas or  pepper that much , but everything worked together really well. 

We went with the tasting menu to get a sample of everything. Everything had really fresh flavors. They first brought us out a squash salad with croutons and a cucumber salad. Next was a homemade pasta dish. I think it had pancetta and peppers in it but not sure. Was a little bit on the salty side, but otherwise had good flavor. 

Next a huge plate of different meats was brought out. I was already partly full by this point so we had to take some home. It felt like I was at a Brazilian steak house with all the variety of meats. The ribs were some of the best ribs I ever had, had a deep Smoky flavor to them. The duck was also very good. There was a lot more too sausage, beef, lamb. Etc. They also brought us out a beet salad and fried potatoes as well which were very crunchy. 

We were so full but wanted dessert so we got a chocolate pudding with oats and local peaches. Was a great light dessert to finish the meal.
Been wanting to try KQ as soon as it opened but somehow never made it. After taking a little break of dinning out, I'm glad to have started the new year with such a great pick. KQ delivered excellence. 

We were seated promptly for our seating at 6 pm. It happened that the table was near the kitchen. Kind of nice to watch the cooking team in action. Our waiter walked over quickly. He told us the special but we couldn't get it due to an allergy with lobster. Then he proceeded in explaining that all of the dishes were shareable, he brought over extra plates and changed our wine glasses. We asked for the tall ones. We started off with a bottle of red wine which led to the red meat and rich dishes choices. 

Noticed that the menu had great options and it was hard to decide. Hence, we opted to share. The beet salad and baked cheese came together. We paired a light, refreshing dish with a very heavy one. Both mouth watering. As far as meat, we went for lamb. Had been craving it for quite some time. One of the dishes was the lamb cassoulet and the other one can't remember the name. Given that they use locally sourced ingredients, the menu may vary slightly often. However, I have to say they were cooked to perfection. The lamb on the main dish was so tender. Perfectly portioned for the plate not to get overwhelming as that kind of meat can be. It came with cabbage and Dijon mustard. So good. The cassoulet was a little too salty for me. Nonetheless, it was delicious.

The fishtowny ambiance was on point. Very simple space. I would love to return for brunch or to get a taste of their summer menu. Last night's experience proved that Philly's great restaurants keep on adding up.
Great service, good concept but the food was underwhelming and overpriced. I would come back for happy hour... but otherwise no.
It's a pretty smart idea to finish a meal in a way that one could be fooled into thinking that one was just getting started.

I'm not talking about being mindful of dessert before starting a meal, though that's the default with me. But, of the liberal splash of olive oil on the chocolate pudding I'd requested to close out the meal. As I looked at the artistic plating of the luscious chocolate pudding (with sea salt and sesame crumble), I couldn't escape the bountiful olive oil. Now, I've had olive oil drizzled on a dessert before, so I didn't find that to be a wow finish... but, what did wow me was the (quality and) extent of the olive oil. As if one were playing chicken with just how much would be too much and overpower the chocolate. It wasn't. It was masterful, instead. And, I actually got up after a full meal thinking "I could have more". A psychological reaction likely triggered by the nature of olive oil being used as an accompaniment to bread in starting the meal. I left thinking that "these are thoughtful people". Their praise, well deserved.

That kind of thoughtful approach was evident all the way through brunch: from the breadth of selection in terms of the wines on tap, to the Korean inspired spicy beef starter (garlic marinade, sesame, and kimchi), and the fried chicken (honey and chili glaze, scallions). As one who likes to eat fried chicken using my hands (and make a mess of the napkin!), I realized really late that the chicken was actually boneless and I could have availed of the knife and fork left helpfully on the side.

As a well-managed operation, it's also important to note that the staff at Kensington Quarter was polite and helpful - not checking-in-every-five-minutes-intrusive. As this is still an unfamiliar neighborhood to me, I stopped afterwards to ask the girl at the reception about nearby places for coffee. Now, maybe I'm not used to this level of solicitude, but I was simply blown away. She not only identified not one but three coffeehouses nearby, provided approximate walking time, a pithy review of relative merits of each, and whether, if I still had room after dessert, one could enjoy not just the coffee but any house made baked goods. Thanks to that level of concern, an abiding belief that "thoughtful people need recognition", and gratitude at getting a quality Lambrusco (why is it so difficult to get one in summer??), I'm rounding up my rating from 4.5 stars...
What a cute spot in Fishtown! I came to Kensington Quarters with two friends on a Tuesday night, and we had a yummy dinner. We had a reservation but didn't need it, as the restaurant wasn't very full. It was a beautiful evening so we sat outside. I got the draft beer of the day (a happy hour special) to drink, though the cocktail list was incredibly tempting!

To start, I ordered the Cucumber Salad (with green goddess, peach, st. malachi, and crouton). It was an odd combination of ingredients tbh, but it was a nice, refreshing start to the meal. For my main dish, I ordered the Goat Cheese Tortellini (with summer squash and cherry tomato) - delicious! The portion size was a bit small for the price, but the quality and delicacy of the food made up for it.

If I found myself in the area, I would definitely want to pop back in to try a cocktail!
Sat in the upstairs section with a group of about 14. Loved the private space and access to on tap beer and wine.

I have to say our entire party was underwhelmed with the food. To summarize:

Mixed charcuterie - nothing special or tasty 
Apple and radish salad - not flavorful 
Delicata squash - presentation/taste not bad
Conchiglie - pretty good 
"All the meats" - sausage and steak were decent but the ribs and chicken were extremely dry and lacked flavor
Potato side dish- not flavorful
Beet side dish- didn't appear anyone in our group touched it 

Drinks were good but unlikely to go back.
Wow. Just had a world class experience at Kensington Quarters. We came in on a Friday around dinner time (with a reservation) and were seated at one of the few remaining outdoor patio tables. Our server, Nick (I think)!, promptly greeted us and quickly went through the menu. We were celebrating, so we opted for the tasting menu. All I can say is WOW. Every single plate was thoughtfully curated and absolutely delicious.

First course was the charcuterie platter, fitting for a "meat focused" restaurant. Next was a caesar salad and potatoes. The caesar salad was tasty - the croutons, cheese and peppery dressing made your typical salad unique. I'm not sure what sauce was on the potatoes but it was SO yummy. Next was the pasta - I have a tree nut allergy, but our server and the kitchen were extremely accommodating and brought out an alternative dish to what was originally on the tasting menu. Again, delicious.

Next, finally, was the meat. There was steak, duck, ribs, sausage and pork. Each was good, but our favorites were the duck, steak, and sausage. Accompanying the meat was asparagus done two ways, one in a leafy, balsamic and onion mix and the other with a creamy ricotta salata and toasted rice. There were also roasted carrots with jalapeños, which were quite possibly my favorite dish and absolutely to die for.

It was my boyfriend's birthday, so I secretly ordered the strawberries and cream dessert which was quietly brought out with a candle and two after dinner digestifs on the house. While simple, the dessert was yummy and a great finale to a fantastic (and huge!) meal.

I almost forgot! For drinks, my boyfriend opted for a wheat beer on tap, and I went with the summer bod, a coconut tequila drink. I'm not a huge fan of coconut, but the drink wasn't too sweet and I love anything with tequila, so I was satisfied.
I don't understand the point of this place. Went to the butcher shop on Monday and it was closed. Went back on Tuesday and asked for goat. Didn't have it. Asked for lamb chops. Didn't have those either. Don't advertise on your website if you can't back it up. Bullshit hipster "butcher" shop. I'm tired of this crap. Just be what you claim to be or move to Brooklyn.
Fabulous dinner, we had a ribeye, and some sides. Super delicious cocktail. Still daydreaming about the panna cotta dessert.  Will be back - but not too often because it's $$$.
First I'm very sad they closed the butcher shop. I shopped there often and although I thought they were expensive the quality was first rate. Finally had dinner here last night. It's was great. Beet salad was excellent in every way ,. The gold beets were perfect and the whipped cheese smear on the bottom set it all off nicely. My wife had the lamb cassoulet. It was a perfect dish for a winters night but the show stopper was the burger.  I have eaten my weight in burgers more then a few times over in my life and this was one of the , if not best burger I have ever eaten. So beefy so juicy, toasted bun. Wow!! One last note on the service . It was outstanding. The server was very knowledgeable about all the dishes was attentive without being obtrusive , she was very professional and polished. She observed all the points of service. It was the type of serviceI experience  I have only  received in the finest restaurants . She told me she worked her way up from food runner to server. My highest regards to the management to train their servers so well. What a wonderful dinning experience.
We dined in at a very busy Friday night. It's hard to find street parking around. The restaurant is pretty nice. The menu has changed. It wasn't that much option. I love their appetizers than their main entree. The Beef tartar and the pasta was pretty good, the entrees we order the beef brisket and pork tasting were not as good as we expected. It's a little too salty, brisket is little chewy & dry. But I also love their cocktails. Overall it's not bad. Very good service too!
Oysters for $1-3 dollars each? Yes! We came for happy hour and such a great time! We tried each type and didn't find much differences in the 3 dollars compared to the 1 dollars one! We had at least 5 dozens between us four! They gave us a free app which was delicious! I ordered the special that was lobster salad in some kind of soup and it was so good! Service was excellent. Everyone was so nice and good vibes! Definitely coming again!
KQ has rebranded themselves as a seafood restaurant and I can't be happier. It's exactly what the neighborhood needed. I came tonight with my friend for happy hour. We had a spectacular crudo special and $1 oysters. As a wine enthusiast I'm really impressed with the quality of their happy hour wines. I will be sure to come back and am very excited what KQ will bring to the neighborhood.
First off, the restaurant is gorgeous and the staff are very friendly and professional. The drinks were delicious, hence my two star rating instead of zero. We thought our evening was off to a good start, but we were disappointed more and more with each course. We ordered two dishes as recommended by two staff members (tilefish and a pasta), and both were utterly bland, much too small, and way overpriced. Many restaurants can get away with high prices for small servings in the city, but this is certainly not one of them. It's like they tried too hard and it fell flat. My boyfriend said it was hands down the most disappointing meal he has had in Philly for that price, and I strongly agree. 
I'm absolutely puzzled at the high ratings. Don't waste your time or money. 
Kensington Quarters, at least season your food!!!
This is a really cool spot. It has an industrial/modern finish inside (concrete/woods/metals) - and it is very comfortable. They have a convenient store front where you can purchase meats, cheeses, and other snacks. 

We went for brunch, and it was pretty good! Great dishes, a lot are meat/seafood focused - it can be a little challenging for vegetarians. They have a solid drink menu as well.
While walking around Fishtown for my wife's birthday, we passed by Kensington Quarters.  I've wanted to check this spot out for awhile now, but I never wanted to bring my wife here for one of her special days.  I thought she would like it, but it doesn't scream her name.  I decided to book a reservation for my birthday a month later.  

We arrived on a Sunday evening and sat outside in the back.  We wanted the tasting menu and since I can't really name everything we had, I won't...  Service was definitely not rushed, which called for a pleasant evening, but it did lean on the side of slow. Might have ordered another cocktail or two while we waited, but no one came around.  Fortunately, there was a bottle of water on the table, so my water glass didn't go empty.  

For the cocktails, the Green Velvet might have been my favorite drink.  Peas, mint, pepper, and gin?  Seriously, Peas?  It had this great flavor and it was velvety.  

As far as the tasting menu went, things were really good.  A few things tasted a bit salty, even for me, but overall I'm happy we went.  The bread was so delicious.  Loved the charcuterie, with the squash salad.  The homemade pasta dish tasted nice with some sort of ragout.  

We were destroying this meal until the final course...  A large plate of smoked meats.  Right then and there, we knew we had to take food home with us.  No way we could finish this.  Duck confit, super smoked ribs, steak, sausage, pork.  We loved those ribs, such smokey flavor.  We ate as much as we could and ate items we knew would turn out the worst if we reheated it.  

At the end, we looked at the menu and got the chocolate pudding with oats and apples.  A great way to end our meal and not that filling, but still a sweet way to end the meal.
The ambiance was cool and staff was friendly but the food was average. I must admit I was very hype about eating here after I had read good things about the restaurant. I admit maybe the day I went wasn't the best choice, as the science festival was going on in the outer dining area. 

I ordered the french toast (which is my favorite breakfast item) but was disappointed when it came out burnt. The server was quick to replace the dish. The second dish that came out was much better but I think I was hungry and tired of waiting for the preparation so I became frustrated and ate some of my companion's food. 

The parking was frustrating but this is a place I would  give another chance.
Service and atmosphere are A+

The parsnip ravioli and mushroom toast appetizers were delicious, as was the swordfish entree.

Mixed grill platter was big and impressive, but the Hungarian sausage was over-spiced and the pork shoulder was judged by all at the table to be dry.

The prices here are high relative to portion size for entrees and apps.  If apps were $5 less and entrees $10 less, I'd be back.

At this price point, I'm more likely to eat at an old standby in center city.
The best! No words! Customer service, presentation, waitress knew menu like the back of her hand! Definitely coming again!
I've had KQ on my bookmarks for awhile so while in town for lunch I took the opportunity. The things I loved about the restaurant are the decor and design. The displayed charcuterie and cuts of meat give it real authenticity. The lunch menu was a bit lacking though. It was a very short menu and my ham, egg, on ciabatta just wasn't impressive. The bread was just too thick to enjoy. My date did really enjoy her mushroom frittata so I'll assume the best. I'll probably come back and try again.
I was lucky enough to dine at Kensington Quarters recently. The restaurant was at a remarkably low volume of patrons when we arrived and we had our choice of tables. We chose to sit outside on the back patio on what was an absolutely lovely night. We had a nice view of the Frankford El train passing in the nearby distance every few minutes. We sat under the low ambient lights of the strings draping overhead and were tantalized by the smell of the smoker working out back on something that seems to have mystified everyone we asked. Our waiter thought it was the pork shoulder, another server corrected him and said it was corn, and yet another thought it was cheese. We never got confirmation but the enigma made me inhale deeper and more often which was just fine with me.

I tried their special which was a Buttermilk Dipped Fried Chicken. It was perfect in every way. Deliciously flavored (neither under nor over seasoned). The breading was thin but solid and well coated. It adhered to the meat in just the right way. The portion, a half chicken in the form of a breast, thigh and a drumstick, was far too much for one serving but it'll make a great left-over served cold or warm.

I also had the Pork Shoulder which was served with Collard Greens and a Potato Torta. The pork was equally as good as the fried chicken. It was smoked and had an excellent combination of meat and fat. It wasn't overly large in size but it was plentiful enough to satisfy the appetite. The collards were pan fried to the perfect position of soft and slightly oily but still firm and full of their natural flavor. I could have done without the torta--and in fact I didn't finish it. It was a little too chewy and lacking in taste and who needs the empty carbs.
Not my thing to give three stars, but for this place I can't give more... I hoped that the restaurant must be really good, I was buying meat and eggs from butch cheer shop and liked the quality. This place has a new concept and nice layout over all! But... Food was not what we expected, bottle of wine was a big disappointment, plus service was awkward... Wasn't that bad don't get me wrong, but when you ordered bottle of wine for $52 you do expect the right year and right taste of it. We receiver one year younger wine, asked our waiter and he couldn't pull out the answer, than the manager came and said something unclear that it's not there fault... I believe you better change the menu then... The small plates were great, we got lamb leg, beets salad, fritters and cauliflower, very elegant presentation and tasty. For main dish we had very flavorful chicken, nice seasoned pork chop, but so much fat and the actual pork meat was triple less the size of pork chop, delicious mushroom lasagna and the pork shoulder which wasn't great as other plates, no flavor no seasoning at all... Also it's weird that butcher shop restaurant don't serve the steaks, staff said because they were sold out but it's not true at all, every time when I stopped by they have steaks for sale and they could've have one plate for Saturday night dinner! And after we received our check I saw a bread in it, than I asked other waiter if you offer bread, the answer was yes, but our waiter never brought... So that was another little thing which gave not pleasant experience at Kensington Quarters... So sad to give only three stars but this place need improvement, better service and matching wine list... Good luck! And we will be back to give a second chance.
This review is for the butcher shop. It's great!! I grew up in the meat business and I will only buy real quality and they are all about it. From quality hamburger to goat chops it rocks. It's not cheap but it's wonderful value. Try there house made charcuterie all of its special but the homemade pepperoni was a revelation!
Always great to see another restaurant in the Fishtown/Northern Liberties area. 

Great cocktails and concept. A few inconsistency issues however. Service was good but we never received bread. The outdoor seating was nice but we were under constant attack from flies and swarming ants.

The charcuterie plate was nice as well as the spelt with bacon. The pork entrée was ok. The plum tart with Brie ice cream was phenomenal. 

I was surprised that a butcher shop/restaurant didn't have any steak. I honestly don't mind spending over $100.00 per person as long as the experience meets expectations. Unfortunately they fell short here.
Very cool concept with a butcher shop on site. High quality food prepared to perfection. Staff was knowledgable and friendly. Decor was refined. Cost was on par with the high quality of the food and service. Great addition to Philadelphia's restaurant scene.
Came here yesterday with some friends and absolutely loved it! It's in a butcher shop which gives it a very interesting vibe (though don't be fooled there are enough veggie options for those who prefer to veer away from meat). The decor is really nice - everything is made of wood, which is quite rustic and prepares you for a hearty meal before you even sit down to eat.
Everything we had was incredibly delicious. For starter I had the chicken terrine (about 10$) which is made of chicken gizzards. I ate it with the bread provided for the table and was in appetizer heaven. For the meal I got the lasagna (16$), made with rich mozzarella and the meat from pork feet - it melted in my mouth! Some of the people with me were a little turned off at the thought of eating pig foot, but when they tried it they were immediately sold which speaks volumes about the dish. The butternut squash also really stood out for me - very very well made and came with a side of sliced pears. I tried various other dishes from the table as well and was impressed with them all so you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. There are 4 desserts and we tried them all - the dark chocolate was a little spicy for my palette, but the other 3 were so good that I couldn't stop myself from dipping my spoon in despite already being incredibly full.
Our waitress was very patient with our many questions and super personable and funny - she really completed the whole dining experience.
You definitely need to give this place a try!
Boy was I pleasantly surprised for our first trip to Kensington Quarters! I honestly had no idea what to expect. I mean it's a butcher shop but also a restaurant so I really had no idea what exactly to expect...but I was thrilled after our meal! 

First off, the space is really nice. Yes, you walk into a butcher shop but the space is well designed and all of the meat is kept safely behind glass windows. After we sat down in the back, I noticed what looked like a very cool patio that I already can't wait to check out in the warmer weather. 

We decided to share everything which is always the best deal. First to come out was the rare beef with horseradish, sour dough and arugula which was a great start to the meal. The meat was tender and the combination of the horseradish on the bread with arugula was just perfect. It was so bright! Nice start. We then split the pastrami with zeppoli, red cabbage, candied squash. I loved this dish. The combination of flavors were wonderful but really it was the pastrami that was a standout. It melted in your mouth! 

Next were the pasta dishes. I'm not sure who is responsible for making the pasta in  house but lets just say, they know what they're doing. The pig brain ravioli was outstanding. It was rich in flavor but light at the same time. This might have been my favorite dish. Next up was the lamb sausage pappardelle. Again the pasta was perfect! I also really enjoyed the sausage. It was full of flavor but not too salty. Fantastic. 

We finished with the pork shoulder. The shoulder itself was unreal. The char on the outside, the tenderness of the meat...I could go on. It was all perfect. For me, I just didn't love what came with the pork. The potato torta just didn't do anything for me or add to the dish in any way but honestly, that's totally ok because the meat was heaven.  They could have just put the meat on a plate by itself and that would have been fine by me. 

Needless to say, after all of that food, we couldn't even consider dessert but have every intention of coming back soon so hopefully next time we'll save some space to check it out!
Terrible service and staff lacking knowledge.  2 pregnant women dined here and staff was not sure which items on the menu contained unpasteurized products.  We were given different answers depending on who we asked.  The menu is overall extremely limited.  Food  was average and pricey.
KQ is wonderful, from the friendly service and open space setup to the coffee and dynamite food. The menu is a bit pricey but it's one of the rare restaurants where literally every item seemed great. It's super easily accessible by the Market-Frankford Line and they have great happy hour deals. 

I'd say that next time I'll try something new there for some variety but honestly, the KQ burger is just too awesome to pass up. Simple yet elegant with a really nice sauce to bring it home. (Highly recommend ordering some sauce on the side for dipping with the fries.) And its only $10 during happy hour!
Just dined here for the first time and everything from the service to the food to the drinks to the atmosphere was excellent. We started with the shaved lamb leg which was excellent. Then we had the zucchini ravioli and the baked cheese with pesto which also unbelievably delicious. For entrees we had split the burger and the pheasant lasagna... Also delightful. The burger was rich and incredibly rich and the pheasant lasagna was definitely different but excellent. The corn in it sweetened the dish in a way that was unexpected but also brought it all together. Also, the Sangiovese offered on draft tasted like very good homemade wine and really enhanced the flavor profile of the burger. I am definitely looking forward to returning.
Tried this place randomly as we happen to be in the area and was looking for a lunch spot. I wonder if they're directed for casual fine dining. Nice presentation of the food. They certainly score some visual points on that part.
The ingredients are fresh and everything tastes good. I think my table agrees that everything we tried was good. It sure was a bit more on the pricey side, but after some considerations I think it's still reasonable.
A restaurant I've been longing to visit in Fishtown. Finally went for my friend's birthday and was blown away. I've having a good streak with modern restaurants and it's never ending. The staff are very friendly and informative. The food was beyond my expectations (please try the dirty farro) and a great natural wine l
Went here on a Sunny Sunday afternoon for brunch.  The food was some of the best I have had in Philly.  I had the scrapple maple infused French toast with a sunny egg.  It had a sinful town  beurre sauce with fresh sage.  The scrapple had a crunchy outside with a moist interior.  It melted in your mouth.  It was so fresh, I thought it would squeal "oink"!  The maple syrup was cut by the superlative brown beurre sauce which lightened what could have been a heavy and too sweet dish.  The farm egg on top was perfectly done and a delight.  My wife had a spicy Bloody Mary which was homemade and not a mix.  They tossed in plenty of fresh horseradish and some jalapeño peppers.  Quite an eye popper!  She had a delicious mushroom and cheddar quiche.
The service was pretty good but not as good as the food.  They had a little trouble keeping up with my drink order.  The indoor and outdoor spaces are informal and fun.  Good for a small or large group.
The butcher shop is amazing and worth going out of your way to visit.  Via the trolley from center city it is a mere 20 minutes door to door.
Great restaurant and space.  Butcher shop is fantastic.
*Really a 4.5 for the mushroom toast!!

Vibes: bright, spacious, industrial (tables are connected with beams, exposed ceiling), open with views of butcher station and part of the kitchen

Tasting notes:
-Mushroom toast: round, toasted slice of sesame bread with a smear of melty, buttery garlic serves as the edible plate for a diversity of umami-rich, tender mushrooms with almost a char to them
-Parsnip ravioli: surprisingly, the pasta is so soft and small, like little packets carrying parsnip essence; cheese adds a savoriness without overpowering the parsnip flavor
-Pork shoulder: fell apart with a slight tug of the fork; meat is tender, with some parts of the superficial layer on the crispier side; johnny cake is subtly sweet, plain enough to balance out the overall saltiness of the dish; greens are a comforting touch

Other thoughts:
-Choice of sparkling or still water upon settling in
-Service is attentive and friendly
-Sharing these three dishes with a friend was just enough to be satisfied but not completely full 

Will be back for: the mushroom toast, happy hour (got my eye on trying their burger then!)
Stumbled upon this place one night and so glad we did! Charming spot to grab drinks with friendly service. We were greeted by a friendly hostess and given great recommendations by our waitress. The "Up the Tempo" cocktail was light and refreshing-- would highly recommend. Would not recommend the "Geographically challenged" unless you're looking to become geographically challenged after consuming it :-)
Positive - well prepared and well plated food.

Negative - went here on a Friday at 7:30PM and was advised they were already out of the KQ burger then over the course of the next hour our server kept coming back to let us know they were out of more menu items. I acknowledge there is always a certain risk you assume when trying places like this so it's important to go in having the proper attitude about it but running out of menu items on a Friday evening when you claim your business is also a butcher business and you are your own supplier of meat is simply silly (unless it was some sort of plaidshirt conspiracy where they tell different people at different tables that they are running out of different menu items to force them to come back at least one more time if they don't get to order what they want for dinner). Either way I'm declaring shenanigans on this place.
Not Hugh portions, but wow this food is delicious! Everything here is made from scratch. The ravioli is some of the best that I have ever had as it legitimately melts in your mouth. This is also one of the most underrated spots for happy hour in the area. Ten bucks for one of the best burgers in the city and 6 for a very solid rye old fashion... what else could you want??
Nice well appointed dining room and perfect food.
Well priced.
Well rounded up concept.
A must.
What is a pescetarian doing in a butcher shop-themed restaurant? I asked myself the same question, but when a group of friends wanted to get together for dinner here, I couldn't pass it up. 

I was thoroughly impressed by the non-meat offerings they have! While there aren't too many options for vegetarians to choose from, the dishes I had were nothing short of amazing! I loved that they had a delicious bread basket and salted olive oil for us to snack on before the meal. As an appetizer, I had the butternut squash which was delicious. The dish was a mix of sweet and savory with the squash itself a little sweet and the leeks adding a salty flavor. So good! For my entree, I had the parsnip ravioli which was great. The pasta itself seemed homemade, and the pureed parsnip filling was very flavorful. I will say that I was a little disappointed by the portion size, but our server did warn me that the pasta dishes were on the smaller side. I'm glad I had the appetizer as well, or I might have still been a little hungry. For dessert, our table shared one of each. My favorite was the lavender and pear tart. This was one of the most amazing desserts I've ever tasted! It had a nice light texture with a delicious chocolate-crumb shell. I will definitely come back for this dessert alone! I also liked the panna cotta and the olive oil cake. I wasn't a big fan of the chocolate, chocolate, chocolate because the chili pepper in it was a little too spicy for my tastes.

Our server was so attentive and nice. She answered all of our group's questions (we had so many!) and was so helpful at describing the dishes! She also recommended a good beer for me.

Five stars for an excellent meal and great night out with friends!
The wonderful smell of their BBQ greets you as soon as you come in!
I got the beef tartare and Calkin's Creamery baked cheese (brie). Both were outstanding! Service was a little slow for the low volume of diners in the restaurant at the time, but overall the dining experience was great! We sat upstairs and had a nice view out of the big upper level windows. This restaurant will definitely stay on my list of great Philly restaurants!
Shared the charcuterie and mixed grill plates. Everything was cooked to perfection. The perfect amount of food for four people. The GM brought out Amaro for the table at the end. A great place to meet up with friends and share plates.
I'm  torn. It's difficult to rate this place since it's essentially three venues in one. I'll be commenting on the restaurant portion.  The front end was great in accommodating our reservation and seating 6. Big props to the 3 girls working that. For a new restaurant-  I think the waitress should've explained the dishes a little or at least highlighted some flavors. l'll give her a pass on that. I won't go into each dish, but I can say that the maitake mushroom stood out (unexpected for a butchery).  Some dishes fell flat for us in general like sausages. The menu is seasonal so it'll be hard to rate. I do think there are some kinks to work out, but hopefully i'll be back with a better experience soon
Average experience. With so many rave reviews for this place, there must be something I'm missing. I'll admit, it's very well situated in Fishtown. It has a bright, spacious, unique ambiance that somehow makes you feel "at home" despite being seated within a warehouse. The ceiling is decked with cherry wood, antique colored beams and the service staff really make you feel welcome. The downstairs is wide and open. And we were served promptly.

Regrettably the food was not great. Their menu is limited (especially for vegetarians) and felt quite pricey for the portion sizes. I ordered the smoked chicken which included several pieces of chicken plus ample sauce and green onions. It was good but nothing to write home about. I also left feeling hungry despite having their brussel sprouts dish and chicken. In hindsight I should have ordered additional sides to keep me feeling full. The parsnip ravioli also tasted great but contained few pieces of pasta.

I've heard their happy hour specials are awesome ($5 drafts, $6 cocktails) with a kombucha cocktail that I've yet to try. Would I return again? Possibly.
Mixed feelings on our dinner date here last Friday night.  The food and drinks were delicious, the back patio ambience was lovely, and the staff was friendly.  That notwithstanding, this is the only restaurant I've ever been to that made me hangry.......

We had a 6:30 reservation and were seated right away when we arrived about two minutes early.  Since neither of us were super hungry when we first sat down -- I'd had a late lunch just before 3 p.m. -- the server recommended we each order 2-3 plates (she recommended more than that if we felt hungrier).  Because we were enjoying the ambience and our cocktails, we hardly noticed that we did not receive our first of three appetizers until several minutes after 7:00.  We did notice, however, when we still had not received either of our two entrees by several minutes after 8:00. At that point, not only were we quite hungry, but we were anxious we would miss our 8:15 post-dinner drinks reservation at a different spot down the street.  (We based the post-dinner reservation timing on KQ's unambiguous statement that parties of two would be limited to 90 minutes in light of COVID.)  We rushed through the entrees as quickly as we could and our server seemed surprised when we asked for the check around 8:25.  I was surprised she was surprised, given we'd already been there just about 2 hours and had only consumed 5 tiny plates during that time.  (Incidentally, the check for these unusually small plates of very light food came out to about $175 before tax and tip.)

Oddly, the restaurant never seemed very busy; throughout the entire period we were there, many tables both inside and out remained empty.  Nevertheless, our server completely forgot to bring me a second glass of wine I ordered, and given how late it was getting, I declined to try again when she asked later (again) whether I wanted a second glass.  (It was evident she did not remember she'd already asked the same question earlier in the evening, let alone that I'd said yes then.)  

Another odd aspect of the evening:  We ordered a tuna appetizer that was on special that evening and sounded delicious, but our server told us later that they'd already sold out.  This was strange because (1) we ordered it less than two hours after the restaurant opened (at 5:00), and (2) though she was apologetic that they'd sold out of the special tuna, our server never asked whether we wanted a different plate instead.  We probably did want another plate, given that our only other appetizers were a teensy bowl of escargot, a small plate of fluke tartare, and six oysters. Then again, if ordering another plate would have meant waiting yet another 20-25 minutes like we did between each of the others, maybe we didn't want another plate.

We left somewhat miffed, and I personally had grown pretty hangry by that point.  (Pro tip: consuming 2 drinks but only half a plate of raw fish by 7:30 p.m. at the end of a long work week may not be the greatest strategy for staying cheerful all evening.)  Not sure whether their service is always that slow or whether they were having some unusual problem that evening...?  I'd perhaps consider giving it another try because the food and ambience really were great, but I have to admit it's not high on my list of places to circle back to.
Servers were great and had a super knowledge of menu and spirits menu.  Food was scrumptious.  Started w carrot appetizer, delicious and beet appetizer, ahhmazing.

I chose Denver steak which was prepared exactly as requested, accompanying potatoes and broccoli were roasted to perfection.

Daughter and son in law chose pasta and they gobbled it up.  Not an overwhelming huge portion, which was perfect.

Goat cheese panacotta to wrap up the eve.  

We ate outside as the weather was pleasant.  

Highly recommend.
One of the best farm to table and seasonally sourced establishments in Philly. 

Note that for many reasons buying local is expensive but the value goes beyond the monetary. 

I am so glad to have this gem in the neighborhood and I look forward to dining here again. 

Thank you, Kensington Quarters!
Excellent steak. Excellent potatoes. Excellent kale. Excellent drinks. Excellent service. Excellent biscuits. What else can I say. Excellent atmosphere. The spicy carrots wasn't spectacular. Everyone seems satisfied. Recommended.
I really wanted to love this place but....Unfortunately, I didnt. The food was mediocre and HIGHLY over priced. I started with the mushroom toast and the Hungarian Sausage. The mushroom toast was legitimately 1/2 of a piece of toast piled with mushrooms. It was o.k. yet definitely not worth the spend.The sausage was tasty yet you can get the same quality sausage at frank ford hall around the corner for 1/2 the price.  The drinks have interesting names but for $15 I would expect more than the portion and the amount of ice in the drinks. My date had the baked cheese "entree" and by the time she was done she said that it was an"ok appetizer" . I had the pork chop due to the reviews I saw about it. It was overcooked and not too flavorful... Again, I wanted to enjoy this place sooo badly but if you want to spend $100 plus tip (including a couple of happy hour items) , there are many other quality spots in the neighborhood that you can get a higher quality meal.
Based on the yelp reviews and a recommendation from a friend I reserved a table for dinner this past Saturday night. We were seated right away by the very friendly hostess. Passing by the windows of raw meat hanging from hooks on our way to our table was a new experience. Love the atmosphere though. Cocktails were all yummy. Since it was our first visit we went straight for the mixed grille so we could try everything. My party and I agreed that every single piece of meat on that plate was cooked and seasoned to perfection! Just wish there had been a lot more. For a party of 4 hungry people it wasn't quite enough. So then we ordered the ravioli, more crispy potatoes and beat salad. Also very delicious. Our waiter was super sweet. I'll be back.
Holy paycheck!

Super expensive and comically tiny portions. The food was thankfully -excellent- - we had the minuscule duck entree, burger, mushroom toast app and tiny squash pizza slice  - tiny beer was $7. With 20% tip was $89. 

Shame on us for not checking prices first.... we would have found a different place but we were on a timeline. Have since found out that all Fishtown restaurants are expensive except for dive bars.
Edit: The manager got in touch to thank me for my straight forward review and offer me a gift to make up for the matter. You almost never see that kind of class and appreciation for customers, and it completely makes up for the small inconvenience at dinner. Coupled with the great tasting food, drinks, enjoyable ambiance, and now, top notch service, I feel good upgrading this to 5 stars, it is deserved. 
--
We ordered the meat plate for four. Three of us ate it and were not full. We politely questioned the server about this undesirable circumstance and it was only then that she said people usually order a couple of starters with it. That would have been nice to know ... at the start of our meal. 

BUT. The meats themselves were pretty good, especially the steak and sausages.
Great place to eat in Fishtown, the service was fantastic, food was delicious and the atmosphere and design of the place was great!
After numerous amazing dinners at Kensington Quarters, I decided to host a surprise birthday party in their upstairs room for brunch. Let me say, from start to finish was way beyond my expectations. They were so accommodating and very helpful! They certainly know their stuff. The actual party was more than fabulous! All the guests raved and even called later that night for introducing them to Kensington Quarters. The food, service and atmosphere was 100% on point!
Here is a shout out to Sarah and Tim for all they did to make the day so special!
Visited this restaurant with friends and out of town colleagues. Both the food, and the warm atmosphere are wonderful, and the wine list is extensive. I really enjoyed the pork shoulder. I don't know the name of our server, but he was really friendly, attentive, and competent. Kensington Quarters is in a cool part of the city, and when you come here, prepare to enjoy yourself.
Kensington was out of meat they only buy one cow a week according to the waiter. Burger was good but very skimpy amount of potatoes. They also charge for bread even know we had salad and ravioli too. Won't be back and suspect they won't be around for long.
Thank you for knowing how to cook a burger! It was perfect and worth every penny. Beet salad was awesome. Got the brownie sundae dessert... Why was that so good. If I ever need a pms fix; I know where to go.... Only thing we didn't care for were the pickles.. Can't rush a good pickle. But can't wait to go back for more burgers.  And beer  :-)
Two words - parsnip ravioli. I have not written a review in years (?) and I back to review this ravioli. HOLY COW! Well, no cow, since I don't eat meat. However, I will still be back to Kensington Quarters for another night of melt in your mouth ravioli (best in my life) and some other pretty taste veggie dishes (baked brie, pear&radicchio salad, harissa carrots). Definitely NOT a cheap place.
