My experience at Khyber wasn't a good one. I couldn't really figure out the vibe, and the service and food were both quite disappointing. 

I was with a party of six and we arrived at about 5pm for an early dinner. We were there on a Saturday so it was pretty crowded, as expected. During the approximate two hours that we spent there, the music kept fluctuating from soft to loud which definitely made an impact on the overall vibe. I felt like I was continuously changing my voice because I was either trying to yell over the music or trying not to scream into my neighbor's ear. 

My table started with a few appetizers: Bbq pulled pork nachos, fried green tomatoes and wings. The nachos were alright. The portion is huge so it's a good choice for a group. I was really excited to try the tomatoes but I actually didn't like them at all. They were way too salty for me. I skipped out on the wings but a few people at the table enjoyed them. 

My other half and I shared the fried shrimp po' boy for our entree. Another food item that I was really excited for only to be disappointed by. It didn't have much of a taste to it. I was underwhelmed. The sweet potato fries that I got as a side might have been the best part of the meal and even they weren't anything to rave about. 

Although our waitress was quick with serving us, she seemed so unpleased with our table and it definitely showed. 

Khyber has made a good name for itself so maybe I just happened to be there on a bad night but regardless, I'm in no hurry to return.
The one thing I hate about vacation is when I find a spot that is "the one!" This restaurant is worthy of that title. "Khyber Pass Pub" was on a list of places to eat at in Philadelphia, so I made it my business to get here. From the outside it looks like a small bar, that if you walked to fast you may not even see it. But heading inside, judging by the loud music upstairs, I knew this is a very hip spot. It's low lit, with a comfortable vibe. It has two floors and a bar on each. Downstairs is the restaurant, where you can eat and socialize. Upstairs is where they have a live band, where you can dance the night away. But dancing would wait because I was hungry. When I got to the hostess stand, I was told to find a seat and I did. My waitress, Mikaela, came over and she was amazing. She was friendly and recommended all the best food. She joked about not knowing about them being on the best spot list. But after a short conversation I ordered the Mac & cheese to start. Those Mac balls were incredible! The were placed on a home made sauce that seemed to bring all the flavor out. I asked for a side of the sauce for my sweet potato fries it was so good. I told her I wanted the burger because it came highly recommend. That recommendation was on point. I didn't change anything about the burger, I got it according to the menu. I'm so glad I did. The beef was sensational, the bacon crunchy, and the dry cheese complimented the entire burger. Topped off with the pretzel bun and sautéed onions, and you got the best burger in Philadelphia. I will make it my point to come again. Atmosphere, food, and service! Who can beat that?
I loved this pub! Some friends and I stumbled in by chance, looking for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. 

The first pro: Brunch 'til 4pm. 

The second: Great selection of beer, delicious food, and generous portions all served quickly by delightful staff. 

The value is amazing: super affordable for a delicious meal. Very quaint and chill - a great place to kick back with a few drinks. I ordered a bowl of the thick, creamy sweet potato bisque and a pint of beer for $10. My friends ordered pancakes and french toast - the portions were very generous. There's a nice variety of savory and sweet brunch options on the menu. This friendly neighborhood pub would be my go-to hangout if I lived close by; it kind of reminds me of MacLaren's from HIMYM. Khyber Pass is definitely on my radar for the future.
Excuse me, have you had the mac and cheese? It comes in a piping hot cup which keeps the cheese gooey until the last mouthful, and is topped with buttery breadcrumbs that provide a perfect little crunch. 

I shared one side of mac with two other ladies during dinner last night, but it just wasn't enough. So I went back for a midnight feeding and ordered another... which I ate all by myself. I'll spend the day in self-loathing mode but damn that mac was good.
Ok, so now I've found my second favorite popcorn in Philadelphia.

This place is super popular.  Fortunately, the people we were dining with got here much earlier and put their name in.  If we didn't, the wait would have been 1:30 at 9 pm on a Friday.

The bacon grease popcorn is truly delicious.  I went with the two meat bbq sampler for my entree.  The brisket was tender and moist.  The one rib (yes 1) that came was tasty but I wish I had a few more of them.  My sides were collard greens and coleslaw.  Both were excellent.

The beer list here is great.  Very fitting for a bar in Philadelphia.  They re-invented the space and definitely came correct with the menu.  I really like this place and I'll try to make it back midweek so I don't have to deal with the weekend Olde City crowd.
I go here often, especially this last summer and fall. During August, I think ate here once a week. I always order the 3 meat BBQ meal so I have left overs. I often take visitors from out of town to have lunch or dinner here. Every visitor, except one, has very much enjoyed coming here. Can't explain why the 1 guest didn't like this place. A clear outlier.
Khyber Pass Pub is located in a historic city, in a historic building, with a historic bar that came from the Centennial World's Fair if 1876.  Khyber Pass itself, has only been open since 1970, making it a baby in comparison. Still, the place is dark (even in the daytime), with plenty of atmosphere. 

Khyber Pass Pub also has much more than just bar food. First, they serve brunch all day. Many of those items did look tempting, but I resisted. Second, there are many New Orleans style dishes on the menu. Third, there is a chalkboard with a bunch of enticing specials every day. Do not miss these.

We started with three apps to share:  
Bacon Grease Popcorn:  I know, sounds kind of disgusting, but the popcorn did not taste greasy at all and was great!  You can also order Vegan Buttered Popcorn!
Nachos with BBQ Pulled Pork: With a green tomato salsa, this was a crispy and tasty dish. You can also get it with vegan pulled pork!
Grilled Chicken Wings with Chipotle-Bourbon BBQ Sauce-this sweet sauce was very good!

The table ordered a hodgepodge of items for mains. One little blip was that 12 year old ordered a plain cheeseburger. It came out with tons of other stuff on it so we had to send it back. He ordered more of the wings instead. My sister, who did order the Khyber Burger with all the fixings (bacon, BBQ onions, creole mustard, cheddar cheese) loved it. Husband adored his BBQ Brisket Sandwich.  11 year old had the Gumbo and found it a bit underwhelming. He thought it could have been much spicier. I went on the lighter side and tried two specials:  Sweet Potato Bisque and the Beet Watermelon Salad.   The soup did not taste like it had much if any dairy in it. It just tasted like puréed sweet potato and it was very good.  I truly enjoyed the salad as well. It was light and refreshing....perfect for a summer afternoon. 

Overall the food at Knyber Pass was varied and creative, especially for a bar!  Service was friendly but pretty slow. Lunch took way longer than we wanted it to (especially since we wanted to get back to sightseeing!) So I would advise only dining at Khyber if you have some time to spare.
Has a pub atmosphere. That said, I was expecting a completely different kind of menu than what they had. Their shrimp po-boy was really good. The vegetarian menu is excellent - whatever they are using as meat substitute was really on point.
The Frozen Mint Julep here is delicious and quite boozy for $5. The rest of the beer and drink list is pretty awesome. I recommend the Abita Purple Haze if you like fruitier beers. This was great on a hot night. 

Pig popcorn definitely warrants the vast praise. I didn't expect it to have such a kick. I could eat this 24/7. Can I bring some to the movies?!

As an amateur lover of barbecue, I really appreciated that they distinguished between the sauces and styles of barbecue - the vinegary North Carolina, mustardy South Carolina, tomato based Texas. I'm partial to NC, and doused by perfectly made pulled pork sandwich in the sauce. Topped with coleslaw this sandwich was GOOD. And the side of sweet potato fries were yummy. 

Can't believe this used to be such a divey place. Major props to the renovation and we'll be back.
This place is looks and feels like you're walking into the world of The Hobbit! My friends got ribs (which were AMAZING) and the other got a fish sandwich, he ate it within minutes. Me? Oh my friends, I got some kind of sandwich was alright but the pot of gold of Mac and Cheese is the thing to behold! 

My precious...the mac and cheese was so just gooey and the top layer was bread crumbs. Served into a hot pot, it stayed warm and gooey the entire time! This place seems perfect for whole, hearty, BBQ and comfort food.
The Khyber - Otherwise known as one of those places that I can't help but be conflicted reviewing. So I may as well explain why.

In a rare time there comes a place that maintains same ownership, and may very well maintain the same name that decides to pull the 180 degree and initiate some serious changes, only to go for the 360 degree. During that time you may find yourself hating the significant changes, yet can't help but like what it has become in the process.

I'd be the first to jump up and decree that to the Khyber, if it didn't prove to be such a confusing bastard in the process, that still manages to be one in certain ways.

If you look at the confusing path (http://www.philebrity.com/2010/07/29/city-paper-makes-cover-story-sized-bed-that-khyber-owner-is-not-completely-full-of-shit/), you'll find a story that flip flops throughout many situations. From selling the business, to not at all. From getting rid of the live music that it was known for to not at all; to doing so after all(while building a stage upstairs, but that's another story). From deciding to go Japanese Izakaya and do something that no place in Philly has done; to going southern BBQ and doing something that a number of places have done. In a nutshell, I don't even know where to make head or tails of that (and I appreciate you if you tried to read beyond the well place link that backs it up!)

But besides that I also feel that their giving up on live music was more or less a colossal cop out. Sure, it was at a time where places like Johnny Brenda's, Kung Fu Necktie, etc.; were delivering better shows. But rather than put the $$$$$ towards re-branding, you could have probably put significantly less towards looking into what you were doing differently, and fix it! while the other places had revamped sound systems, yours was more or less the same old 'ish. While other places maintained different bookers that maintained in different ways (house bookers, R5 Productions, websites, Flash Mob Productions, etc.!), Khyber more or less maintained just one that eventually got out of touch towards the end. Remedy both, and maintain what they had going on upstairs on certain days, and the product may have been fixed for significantly less. 

But I've knocked the Khyber for long enough. Because despite all the angst I feel toward it sometimes, it still maintains a lot of things that I love about it! The Khyber has always been a beer lovers paradise, and the new selection that it brings in only cements the fact that it may very well always be one. It also earns a gold star for staying true to the classic Happy Hour that it used to have! the food (especially what ever chilli you'll find them serving) is always impressive. As are the special events that they host!

Another wild card that is still as yet more of an undetermined, is the Khyber's upstairs area. Other than adding a few tables; and a stage which may or may not be necessary considering how they ostracized themselves from live music; upstairs has been more or less kept the same (they even kept the notorious bathroom - http://www.yelp.com/topic/philadelphia-the-worst-bathroom-in-philly#4qA-E0qL4ynFhI_eF5f81g). I can't say whether its a good thing or bad thing yet, because the Khyber hasn't really done a good job of promoting upstairs compared to how they used to, and have already lost things like a solid karaoke night in the process.

But if The Khyber managed to apply  the necessary tweaks to upstairs (whether it be as an extension of the restaurant, or especially a secondary club/music venue option), while being able to maintain the quality that their dishing out downstairs; then it could very well be on the FULL CIRCLE towards perfection. Therefore this review will hopefully be continued in admiration.
my last 4 visits to the khyber have all been to celebrate birthdays. let's revisit in reverse chronological order, shall we?

::CHRISTOPHER R'S BIRTHDAY::
my first brunch at the kyber....definitely not my last. tho i pretty much always go for eggs, i was intrigued by the tofu & sweet potato scramble enough to order it - glad i did! it was unexpectedly spicy (fyi to those who can't handle the heat) and DELICIOUS, with a wonderful combination of flavors. i'd get this again in a heartbeat.

the bloody was bangin (no surprise as it's related to the royal) and i bet it's even better when they have the advertised okra in stock. note: might wanna put a napkin under your glass to avoid spontaneous spillage of such a wonderful beverage due to condensation + slanted table :/ tho if ever there was a drink i don't mind wearing....

::BRIAN L'S BIRTHDAY::
our large group included a handful of us veg folk, so we shared a bag of the vegan popcorn to start. it's greasy. it's spicy. it's awesome. then jennifer A and i went halvsies on a vegan pulled pork sammie with a side of collards - which are my favorite collards ever. the "pork" has a wonderful taste & texture, made even better by the tasty bbq sauce.

::FOODSPOTTING'S BIRTHDAY::
yes, even internet sites can have bdays, and for the 2nd anniversary of this philly faction, we descended upon the khyber to celebrate. this time, jennifer A and i split our other fave: the vegan fried chicken po'boy (side of collards, obvs). having never had a po'boy previous to the [many] i've had here, i take everyone's word for it on the authenticity front. alls i knows is that i like it. a lot. we added on an extra side of mac & cheese because, like the rest of the food here, it too rocks socks. creamy and cheesy with a slight crunch on top....mm'mmm GOOD.


::JESUS'S BIRTHDAY::
with events like "a very khyber christmas" we jews now have more than just chinese food & movies to entertain us on this otherwise ho-hum holiday. lightning in a jar? oh yeah....jesus approves.
A NOTE FROM THE EDITOR: So... I just realized that I accidentally posted the following as an update to my review of the Elite event in December. Oops! The following is a cut and paste job; I've since deleted the review update.

REVIEW:

I revisited Khyber Pass Pub on Christmas night after having seen the amazing renovations at the Yelp Elite Event in December. It was apparent that people were more than a little stir-crazy after all the family activity, because the place was bumpin'.

A playlist of solid tunes filled the room, and I was a happy spectator from my seat at a corner table. When a genius friend decided to order a plate of "debris fries," I made the acquaintance of the best plate of French in recent memory. Cheddar-smothered taters were topped off with chipped roast beef gravy. Enough said!

I can definitely picture this modified version of the Khyber becoming one of my regular spots.
Man the service sucks here. Suuuuuuucks. 
I've been here several times and the attitude of the employees is terrible. The food is decent and there's a good beer selection, but I'm tired of being treated like shit by the too-cool staff. The straw that broke the camel's back was my most recent trip, when a group of us went here after work.
"Hey what are the specials?"
"They're on the board over there." Points to wall.
"Ah, yeah I can't see those from here, can you just tell me?"
"I mean you can just walk over there... ah, well I guess there is [x,y,z]"
SO there were three specials. Three. Not sixteen or a thousand, three. And my servers idea was that all five of us should go stand awkwardly in the middle of the restaurant to go figure out what they were. If this was a pizza place I would understand. But the food is $15+ a plate, so it's not crazy to think that your server, who presumably enjoys receiving tips, could tell you the specials.
So I went to the bar area hoping to see the manager. I was told that he was "upstairs" and that "he doesn't like to be disturbed. But I guess you could tell me, like, what the issue is, and I could like, ah, tell him later." 
"Are you the assistant manager or something?"
"Nah, I'm one of the bartenders."
Yeah. Great. So shit service and a manager locked away in his high tower. Hopefully this place will go out of business and become something that doesn't suck so hard.
Don't let its appearance fool you, Khyber Pass Pub has the potential to be a five-star  restaurant and high end bar.  I mean, trust me and just walk in to get a look at the beer menu... that should lock you in for at least a drink! And after a few - I mean really, who has just one? - you'll probably be hungry and ready for a bite.  Their southern style comfort food will fill your belly with goodness and won't conflict with what you've already imbibed. I personally favor their Fried Green Tomato BLT and always pair it with their awesome mac and cheese.
This was our first return to the Khyber since its renovation transformation into a gastropub. Returning to the scene of many a show, many a drink-fueled time... Is the last band that we saw there really Murphy's Law? This is the conversation we were having on the way.

Of course Khyber pass Pub is now nothing like the ol' grimier days of fun live music times... 

It's still a good place for beers, I can tell you. Plenty of great craft beers are representing. And the food... I was surprised how good! I mean, I had definitely heard positive things. I had no, "Well we'll just see about this," kind of attitude. I was just happily surprised.

For one thing, based on snacks alone you may find a face full of happiness in a bag of bacon grease popcorn. I ordered for the table. Bacony, spicy popcorn...It's real good, man.

 I probably would not have even thought to start with a bowl of Khyber's gumbo...until the words, "Best Stop," caught my eye!  Their chicken and sausage gumbo featured Best Stop's andouille and it was just lip-smackin. After having spent some time all over Louisiana, I became well acquainted with Best Stop's amazing sausages...cracklins, boudin, tasso; it's pork heaven. Since Khyber provided me with some of their fine andouille sausage, I seized to opportunity to bore-ass everyone with my tales of culinary travels in Acadiana. What can I tell you? It's possible that I've never forgotten a meal. And I do so dig some Cajun and Creole flavors.

We spilt a fried oyster po boy and a roast beef po boy with debris gravy. The crispy fried gulf oysters were pretty wonderful but I damn did I enjoy that roast beef po boy. I wanted to steal that other half back greedily. It's a messy one- Comes dressed with lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, mayo and creole mustard; that juicy braised roast beef, is covered in good good gravy full of garlic and all that beefy pan-juicy goodness and tasty bits. I'll be thinkin bout you, sandwich. 

Despite all my swoony speak over meats and gravies, I'll add that there are really a good amount of vegetarian and vegan options available as well. Another plus- I do believe that they serve food til 1 AM...for saaay, if you have a hankerin for some good fries covered in debris gravy and smoked cheddar. Wowww good cheese fries, shake a little hot sauce, you're livin...

 I'm extra excited about returning to sample more of Khyber Pass' cajun cookin now that we had this good lil experience.

We're at the old Khyber? We're eatin gumbo and po boys in Philly?  Yup, totally happily surprised.
I thought about it some more and I was much stupider back at the time when I gave this place 4 stars. This place has really good food and I know I took it for granted. The vegetarian option I mean.
Small pub in Old City that always seems to be busy - hence why it took me so long to finally eat here! When you walk in, there's a bar area to sit at, and through a couple archways there are tables for group seating. Overall, the vibe of the place is dimly lit, crowded, and LOUD. Great place for drinks with friends, not-so-great if you're looking for something more intimate.

Drinks: There's an extensive, reasonably-priced draft list. I am not a beer connoisseur, but my boyfriend is and he was VERY enthusiastic about the draft list - always a good sign. 

Entrees: Vegans and carnivores alike, REJOICE! No longer does your group have to be divided up - the menu sports some fantastic vegan options, along with classic bar foods in the greasy, salty form all drunk bodies crave. Indulge! The Vegan Pulled Pork is off on texture, but spot-on for flavor! It has the texture of fatty meat - it's just seitan though, don't freak! The sweet BBQ sauce coating the "pulled pork" however is life-changing, and paired with the vegan coleslaw it is flawless. The Vegan Fried Chicken Po Boy is TO DIE FOR - it's by far the most convincing fried "chicken" I've had to date!! It tastes just like the real thing!

Sides: Since the general Philly Yelp rule is that Michelle C is always right, I had to try the mac n cheese! It was indeed, just as creamy and indulgent as you can imagine. It could use more breadcrumbs though (but what couldn't). Sweet potato fries are a safe, solid choice for a side here as well!
Never in my life would I have expected to want to eat popcorn with two hands, nonstop. That is, until I discovered the bacon grease popcorn here at Khyber Pass Pub. Get inside of me, popcorn. 

This was my first time visiting the restaurant since its makeover. Gone are the covered up windows, dingy walls covered in band stickers and crowd of people around the jukebox. It's still surprisingly dark in there, but not in a dirty rocker kind of way. I was highly skeptical of this joint at first, since I loved the old days of $1 Yuengling Happy Hours. However, I can honestly say it's a decent turnaround. 

We enjoyed a great dinner tonight. No wait for four people around 6:30, just a few people by the bar. 

My fried shrimp po-boy was great and super filling. Couldn't finish the entire thing. All sandwiches come with one side; mine came with a mound of highly salted sweet potato fries (though I requested baked beans, but no biggie). The bottles of different Texas, South Carolina and North Carolina barbecue sauces to add to your sandwiches are a fantastic addition and help livened up my fairly plain sandwich. 

Our friend got the barbecue sampler plate with three different meats. After a valiant effort he was defeated by the brisket, ribs and pulled pork's vast meaty deliciousness. A solid try, though. 

Oh, fruity beer lovers? Definitely order the Abita Purple Haze. Light, easy drinking, with real raspberry puree in it. Yum.
Don't judge this bar by its looks! It has a cozy neighborhood feel (not divey, very cozy). They always have great beer selections (rotates and changes).

Happy Hour M-F 4-6p: $2 off drafts, $1.50 domestic bottles, $1 off all other drinks.

Food: Oh wow. I returned from a business trip to Louisiana and the food at Khyber brought back good memories. The fried chicken, meats, mac and cheese,  and collard greens. Oh yum. The big ass biscuit and sausage gravy, bananas foster ... I'm only allowed to come here after a long run! (Which I did. It was hot ... and wicked humid)

Eh: a touch dark at the bar area, even on the brightest of days.  Great to avoid the summer scorch, but hard to read the very detailed beer list at times. No bad beers here - point and choose works as a last resort! :)
Dinner at Khyber Pass was great. Just great. 

It was my boyfriend's brother's first time to Philly so we took him here. I have to admit that the sticky tabletop and very loud music made me rethink this decision initially, but these complaints were quickly forgotten. Their beer list was great--lots of drafts, lots of bottles. The guys both got the Lightning in a Jar, which is basically a huge mason jar filled with bourbon and lemonade. Want to impress out-of-towners? Get them a bourbon and lemonade in a jar the size of their head!

I've been thinking Philadelphia couldn't pull off barbeque, but Khyber Pass proved me wrong. My brisket sandwich was huge and piled up with tender sliced brisket and served on a nice artisan bun studded with poppy seeds. The onion rings were tasty and home made. I was hesitant about the pulled pork sandwich with slaw, but I tried a bite and the vinegar-based slaw complimented the pork fabulously. The prices are crazy reasonable and you get to choose any side, which is really nice when so many other places give you mixed greens drizzled in vinaigrette or house made chips and call it a side (you know who you are). 

My one suggestion would be to offer the barbeque sauce on the table if you want to add more, dip your fries, etc. We were just there and I can't wait to go back.
Brunch Review coming up! 

------

One of my favorite spots to grab food in Old City is Khyber Pass. They've got a mix of BBQ and Southern-inspired dishes on the menu. So in effect, perfect foods to pair with their curated beer list. 

One thing I didn't realize though. They offer bunch everyday! So while walking through Old City Festival and being fairly disappointed in the food-related offerings, the GF's family and I decided to pop into Khyber Pass for some brunch-time fare.

Founders Oatmeal Stout [$6]

I went with the nitro Founders Oatmeal Stout. Creamy with great notes of chocolate and coffee, this was easily quaffable.

Large Nachos [$11]
Jack cheese, green tomato salsa, sour cream

The large nachos were plentiful indeed, with an abundance of cheese, sour cream, and green tomato salsa interspersed throughout. 

Mac n Cheese [$5]

The mac is always a must order. Buttery and cheesy with a wonderfully crisp upper crust, this is the mac that brunch dreams of. 

Praline Bacon [$5]

Another must order? The praline bacon. I don't know how I've missed this goodie. Crisp, candied bacon doesn't better than this. Nutty, crunchy, sweet, salty, and savory, it's the perfect food.

Big Ass Biscuit & Sausage Gravy [$8]

I'm always drawn to Khyber Pass's "big ass biscuit." So for brunch, I got mine dumped with a whole bunch of sausage gravy on top. Buttery and creamy, this melange of savory flavors hit the spot. 

So if you're in Old City, don't hesitate to pop on in to Khyber Pass. They've even got you covered for brunch!
I can't get enough of this place. I've been for drinks, late night eats, and brunch, and have never had a single complaint.

First of all, their brunch is out of this world. I'd recommend claiming your seat before noon to avoid the rush, and eating the Big Ass Biscuit with Sausage Gravy. Holy delicious, Batman, this is one of the best meals I've ever eaten.

Their regular menu is also awesome, and it's nice to be able to bring my vegetarian boyfriend to a place where he has as much to eat as I do. Drinks are worthy, draft list is good enough for any beer snob, and service has always been friendly & attentive.
Kinda feel bad about giving this place a 3.  The food is always great (Only, the hush puppies suck.)!  However the last two times I've been, I've been stuck with bad service.  

Heavily tatted, short dark hair, curvy girl... Last night was the second time my group had her.  The first time, she was just really slow and aloof.  This time, she was a BIATCH.  It took her over 10 minutes to get to our table, and when she did, she acted as if we were putting her out.  The thing that made me angry enough to write this review was when I asked very nicely for napkins b/c the busser spilled my drink when he brought it to the table (which I didn't say - I just asked for napkins).  She put a big smile on her face and said, extremely condescendingly "Of COURSE I was going to bring you napkins.".  Typed out, it sounds like she was being congenial, only that she wasn't. I'm sure that she didn't see the huge sticky puddle on the table... but that's not acceptable behavior for any reason. As soon as she left, my two friends said "Whoa! What did you do?".  

I don't know if she was having a bad night or what, but being nasty to perfectly nice customers is not okay.  Having to deal with a bitchy hipster with an attitude is something I expect in a clothing store, not a restaurant.  And, if I get this girl as my waitress again, I'm requesting another server.

Other than that, the Khyber is great.
The one thing that the Olde Town has going for it, besides the incredible history, architecture and style is the beer bars. I am a fan of great beer and will go out of my way to try and find new brews. You don't have to look far in this neighborhood. 

Khyber Pass Pub was on my list of places to go for good beer and I think it has to be on my list of top ten. Why? Because not only do they have excellent taste in beer, the bartenders are knowledgable, friendly and are fun to talk to about beer.

The beer selection is great, so we went with a couple ones we never tried before:

*Great Divide, Claymore Scotch Ale, Denver 7.7%APV (Incredibly delicious): http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHzX-ZD9qyoeoxR8Z0dlIA?select=1zRcLxpLtf5jYXs4jzY59Q 
*Lancaster Brewing Co, Strawberry Wheat 4.9%APV: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHzX-ZD9qyoeoxR8Z0dlIA?select=hk3TvdAJWzKn95I3ySciQg
*Evil Twin Biscotti Break, Vally Brewing Co, Denver 8.4%APV: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHzX-ZD9qyoeoxR8Z0dlIA?select=JFMFrPWgsX8J1dHKl60GVg The Evil Twin Biscotti Break was by far one of the best brews I've had and now I'll try anything made by them. 

The beers were amazing and I really would have stayed longer, but we were on a mission that night and had another stop. I will always remember the Khyber Pass Pub for good beer in Philly.
Been here twice already and both have been great experiences.  They've got a ton of beer on tap, friendly bartenders/waitstaff, and good tunes.

Great place to relax after a stressful workweek.
We have made khyper one of our must go when we are in town. We often go several times during our time in Philly just because it has such a cool vibe. I would give this place a 5 but we had a really weird experience with 2 of their bar backs on New Years. They were pretty rude to a couple of Mummers in costume. Probably upset bc they where throwing confetti- but come on, its new years and its Philly for goodness sake....

Any way- nice, really nice selection of beers. They make a lovely Pimm's cup my most fave drink right now. I don't care how cold it is outside, this drink makes me think of happy times... Tried their wings recently and they were a repeat. 

If you are in the area, make sure to stop by. I need to make sure to try their brunch next time we are in town- seems like it is very popular. 

Go enjoy. You won't regret it.
After much delay, I finally made it here for a meal.

The time I stopped in after the Yelp Elite event at appRenaissance doesn't count since I came in, ordered two waters, sat down for 5 minutes and stumbled home.

But back to the original point, most times when reviewing a restaurant I'll make a remark on the dishes my friends also ordered around me. This information has not been preserved because my burger and fries were that damned good.

I know this is a BBQ joint but I was craving a burger that day, so that's what I went with. The "debris" gravy was sensational. I love disco fries, poutine and anything other excuse to lob cheese and gravy together.

My burger itself was pretty typical, bacon, cheese, toppings. But it was solid. No complaints about it.

My favorite thing about this place is surely the bacon grease popcorn. I'm a huge fan of bacon, don't get me wrong, but it's the spiciness of this treat that really gives it a kick and its addictive property.

I can't wait to go back and try everything else. I don't miss the old Khyber one bit.
The Khyber has great food. A great beer list (that's always up to date). Tasty cocktails. But Khyber, the last three times I've been, service has just been horrible.

First, it was a late-ish lunch (uncrowded). It took forever to get our order in, then to get our food, then waving for our check, after being ignored for quite a while. That time, the two people I brought who had never been said they didn't think they'd ever come back.

Then, a normal (and uncrowded) lunch time, again, it took a long time just to get *water* and us frantically saying we were ready to order when they came. The service tone now is more "why are you here?" than "can I help you?"

Finally, stopping over for drinks and a bite, that attitude reared again -- when we weren't really sure who our server was since we had multiple people visiting our table, and finally just had all our cash out and ready before they came back and we could ask for the check.

I've brought a lot of people to the Khyber. I bring people from out of town. You know what, I probably still will. But Khyber has lost a lot of points in my book since service has taken such a nosedive -- I'm tired of apologizing to people for it and swearing it will be different next time. I hope this isn't just the cost of growing and getting a good reputation for food in town, because that's just a shame.
Yes, I did discover Khyber Pass because it was listed as one of the top beer bars in the country by Draft Magazine, but I keep coming back because the food is just as amazing as the beer.  Their mac and cheese is the best I have ever eaten.  It is dripping with sharp cheddar and has a crunchy crust of breadcrumbs on top to mix up the texture.  I love the pulled pork and the brisket sandwiches, and the nachos are fantastic as well.  The beer selection is well curated and always has some surprising options, but also has some tried and true staples like anything from Alagash Brewing.
Stopped in after touring the cruiser USS Olympia.  Looks like a honest to goodness dive bar from long ago.  Friendly staff, lots of old dark wood, tin ceilings and great air conditioning.  I had a spinach salad, which was good but not the best thing on our table.  My son had the BBQ bacon burger.  It was huge.  It was sloppy.  It was delicious.
We thought about going closer to home after watching a great movie but decided to hit the Khyber Pass instead. 

THAT WAS A BAD MOVE!!!!!!!

While eating lunch we saw a freaking MOUSE run across the floor back and fourth at least 3 times!

This is while we are eating!

What the freak is going on there? The gumbo had pieces of inedible chicken. The fried chicken in the Po Boy was as thin as  a sheet of paper.

The bourbon old fashioned was good - the lemonade-bourbon drink my lady had sucked.

They comped the drinks BUT NOT THE FOOD when we mentioned the mice.She didn't seem very freaked out. 

On the way out I stopped to hit the bathroom in the bar AND MY LADY SAW ANOTHER MOUSE WALK UNDER THE BAR AND COME BACK.

Calling the Board of Health tomorrow. Now I know how those people on the Main Line felt about the cockroaches. 

DISGUSTING!!!! ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING!!!!

NOTE- the owner wrote immediately after this was posted to state they are fixing the problem caused by construction in the building next door.
The word hero gets thrown around a lot. Used to mean something. Now anyone who safely lands a jet in a river gets the term hung around their neck like some best in show county fair medal. But after a recent meal at Khyber, I've got a worthy addition: me.

While catching up with a high school friend over dinner--a who's fat, facing drug charges, or both conversation--I noticed a growing flicker of light at the table next to us. Just as I turned my head I realized it was our neighborhood's napkin lit aflame and that flicker had exploded into a thundering roar. Someone had been a little too lax in their passing-a-napkin-over-a-candle policy and now half the bar was on fire. 

A gaggle of shrieking hipsters in skinny jeans pushed their way past the women and children. A few Jersey Shore types did the same, but I think that was benevolent given the flammability of their hair. Some Occupy kids stuck around to steal food off people's plates. Me, I ripped off my shirt, looked at the fire and said, "let's dance, Sally."  I blacked out at this point but was later told what I did most closely resembled "beating the shit out of fireworks." The restaurant saved, I was hoisted up by the crowd and asked to become intimate by several patrons. I obliged all.

It happened this way, or I just quickly dumped water on it to the table's astonishment. Still: hero, right? Right.

4 stars for the food, led by the small army of po' boys and a Confederate-loyal militia of Southern fixins. The fried shrimp and oysters po' boy ($15) practically glistens with fryer oil off the metallic ceiling while flakes chip off the crusty Leidenheimer roll, blotting up the grease stains on your face like specks of tissue on a freshly nicked shaving job. A little pricey, but get this if you're thinking po'.

The fried chicken po' boy with ham and swiss ($12), regrettably named a "sammy," was fine but the ham was particularly dry and dragged the dish down. The hush puppies, even with their fun dipping sauces, are a bland nightmare. Mac-n-cheese, onion rings, and collard greens are legit and recommended. 

5 stars because few bars match Khyber's food, beer list, and atmosphere.
A solid neighborhood pub with a good selection of food. Out front is the bar area, which was packed and loud when I came here late night on a Saturday. Inside is a room with seating, where you can enjoy a sit-down meal, with the same kind of casual vibe with people chatting away happily and music in the background. 

The beer selection is quite good, and definitely accommodates for different price points depending on what you were looking for. Wasn't too impressed with the cocktails though - I ordered the Hurricane (light rum, dark rum, passionfruit), but it was a little watery and a tad too sweet for my taste. 

The food menu was extensive - I ordered the chicken wing sampler and the nachos to go with the drinks. The nachos came in entree and appetizer sizes; the appetizer was pretty substantial. I felt like the nachos were missing something - it had the usual chips, cheese and diced green tomatoes, but was a little one-dimensional in flavor. The chicken wings were really good though; one of the sauces is really spicy so watch out for that!
The po boys, the BBQ platter, the SIDES. Everything is delightful. Their beer selection is on point, always a seasonal Abita which is great. Khyber Pass is a cozy, divey place to grab a bite, relax and take a mental trip to the south without leaving Old City.
I have been here twice and have never received service. Both times sat at the bar and both times was ignored by the too cool for school hipster bartenders. I will never go back. First time I thought it was a fluke, but when it happened a second time, I was done.
Kyber is open for BRUNCH everyday... I love brunch I can't wait to try it out sometime soon. I went here for lunch with a coworker BC it was open before 12. I will definitely becoming back we had a great time. Good food and service
Yes, this place is no longer the music venue The Kyber but its memories live on in good tummy satisfying soul food.  "I havent had collard greens this good since I moved out of the south.." I found myself thinking as I was too busy digging in to say it to the rest of the group.  Luckily for them I saw they too had ordered this wise choice in side so we met eyes and nodded in agreement.  

The Fried Green Tomatoes were a hit that we shared around the table for the novelty factor but everyone all agreed they were quite delicious and the tangy spicy chili mayo sauce on top packs an exciting punch.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHzX-ZD9qyoeoxR8Z0dlIA?select=07t43o1txCKN3ev596OgpQ

The breading on the fried chicken was nicely done without being oily and yet the quality white meat inside maintained perfect moistness. Skillfully done KP!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OHzX-ZD9qyoeoxR8Z0dlIA?select=GnF91iY7rWVnZQSWaDC7gg

The service was on point and the beer selection was expansive and eclectic which is right up my alley.  If you go early in the night you can easily find seating for a large party and the menu has something for everyone, making it a winning pick for a group.

Can't wait to visit Philly again and stop back by!
I finally made it to Khyber Pass Pub on a non-beer event day. However, with that draft list, every day is informally a beer event in my eyes. Not to mention, they do have a knack for hosting some pretty killer events, especially surrounding Beer Week in June. 

The bar area was pretty full but not packed so my husband and I were able to find two adjacent seats immediately. We had already staked out our brews on Philly Tapfinder and just needed a quick confirmation from the bartender that they were still available. We were in luck, they were! 

The draft list will obviously vary, but during the time of our visit there it was a total sour-palooza. Jackpot!  US breweries I've been longing to try in addition to some European brews were well represented. I was not disappointed. 

Needing a little snack, we also ordered bowls of the brisket chili and chicken gumbo. Having recently been to NOLA, it wasn't quite the same southern flare, but tasty in its own right. The chili had heaping portions of meat in addition to sour cream, jalapenos and some toasted bread on the side. Likewise, the gumbo had hearty pieces of chicken and didn't skimp on the rice. Neither were super spicy but had a nice flavor. 

The bartenders were efficient, in addition to promoting a chill atmosphere. 

The only thing I didn't enjoy about my experience was the price tag. But that is the price to pay with a stellar, and fairly rare-to-Philly beer selection.

Khyber is amongst the Philadelphia brew scene's finest for sure.
I was really excited to come here based on all of the reviews but eh. 

Came here on a Thursday around like 8pm, there was no wait. It was definitely not an ideal date spot but hey, you win some, you lose some. I'm not sure if their air was broken or what, but they didn't have air conditioning and our server didn't acknowledge it. 

They have a decent amount of craft beers on the menu. I ordered the north carolina pulled pork sandwich and he ordered the bbq brisket. While mine was ok, his was wayyyy better. My mac n cheese was delicccc. Service was slow and we had a few different waiters, I think they forgot about us? 

I've heard they have great brunch which I'd love to check out.
Paid KPP a visit a few Saturdays ago at about 1-2pm.

So that particular Saturday also happened to be St. Patrick's day. Much to my surprise there was no wait at prime brunch/day-drinking time. We were seated immediately. 

I started off strong and ordered a bloody mary. Way too much horseradish. It was just meh. It actually didn't hit my tummy right on its way down and gave me a slight gastritis/GERD/nausea twinge. It was definitely the bloody mary because for reasons that currently escape me I convinced COB to get one and she had the same exact reaction and resultingly was unable to finish it.

I see on reviews here that the nachos are to die. I'm a nacho girl if I haven't already made that clear. I also read that the vegan pulled pork wasn't that great so I skipped that and just went with regular, salsa on the side bc it contains onions and I despise that shit. Unfortunately, without meat and without salsa the nachos are literally just chips with melted cheese and sour cream. Not that that is particularly a huge problem but I would've appreciated some toppings. COB tells me that the salsa was tasty and the green tomatoes in the salsa was a mind-fuck switch up. Especially tasty doused with crystal hot sauce. 

Brunch-wise (get ready to hear the shameful amount of food we ordered for one sitting) I went with the "No. 5" which is 2 eggs (scrambled), home fries (I went with regular fries bc they looked divine on the next table), choice of meat (I ordered vegetarian sausage bc I'm vegetarian) and veggie (I did spinach but you could also get fried green tomatoes). Everything was 6/10. 

Christinasaurus attempted to order the brisket however it was not ready at the time of our visit which was puzzling considering it was at least 2pm in the afternoon. When is it going to be ready, midnight? In lieu, she ordered the pulled pork and the ribs or some other kind of seasoned and cooked animal carcass. I believe she thought they were both good. 

I ordered about 15 grey goose and sodas as well as an irish coffee to be festive. We also went with the beignets. They were somewhat bland but my beignet experience/qualifications are lacking. Not to say the blandness stopped me from eating about 3/4 of it anyway. 

Not my absolute favorite but a decent choice for brunch.
I like.

Food: Juicy khyber burger with melted smoked cheddar, barbeque onions, spicy creole mustard and a choice of side, which, in my non-healthy binge, was sweet potato fries. Mmm. Absolutely delectable. Washed it all down with a dogfish midas touch, which I enjoyed at a $2 discount thanks to the 5-7 happy hour deal.

And although I selected one of the most carnivorous items on the menu, I also appreciate variety - they have some interesting vegan options such as a Grilled Vegan Sausage sandwich with lettuce, roasted poblanos, red onion, pickles, creole mustard and vegan mayo. I may want to try that next time around so I feel a bit lighter on the way out.

Ambiance: Laid-back, unpretentious, dim-lit rusticness.  Service was friendly, helpful and attentive - waters promptly refilled, statuses checked, and satisfaction verified all at the appropriate times.

I'm docking a star because the bathroom(s) were crappy. Both are singles right next to the bar and while I was there, one was out of order and the other just wasn't pretty.  I'm hoping once they finish the second floor there will be bathrooms up there as well...

Just for fun: Khyber Pass is a strategically significant mountain pass linking Pakistan and Afghanistan. Cool right?
Drinks are great, meat is tender and juicy. I like my meat juicy and this place god damn. Great meat. The meat is great.
I sit here with a full belly of meat.  Oh and mac n' cheese.  And coleslaw.  And fried green tomatoes.  And BBQ popcorn.  OK, I pretty much ate everything on the menu.  

So as your eyes graze the heavily BBQ looking menu (the menu isn't glazed with BBQ...but the options sure are) you'll really develop a hankering for some BBQ!  Genius!  Between 3 girls we decided to go with the sampler platter of 3 meats and 3 sides.  WARNING: If you even think for a second that won't be enough for 3 (or maybe even 4) people you are sorely mistaken.  

We had plunked down in front of us one HUGE plate of BBQ Ribs, Brisket and Pulled Pork.  Our side selection was an easy easy choice: mac n' cheese (dah), coleslaw, bakes beans and greens...for good measure of course!  Everything was fab.  I'm very picky with my coleslaw, as slaw enthusiasts know, you can mess it up easily.  This slaw was nice, crisp and tart with just the right amount of the surprise ingredient...vinegar  YUM!  

Out of the tray of meat, as we'll call it, the brisket was the number one fav in my book.  Nice and tender with charred edges.  The rib was a good second and the pulled pork was delish dipped in some homemade spicy ketchup and mustard.  

I went into this bar expecting nothing and left full of everything!  Total win!
Few other places in Old City, and arguably Philly, serve up Khyber's awesome combination of solid drinks and cheap(ish) eats. Perusing the tap list revealed a nice cross-section of brews (IPAs, ESBs, stouts, 2 casks, and rare picks) at decent prices. Due to the heat, however, I opted for a frozen blackberry mint julep. At $7, the strong cocktail was a steal. A bourbon bite and blackberry tang up front gave way to a smooth, fruity-minty sweetness.

All the food I've tried here is worth ordering once more. Fried green tomatoes had a crispy crust and a bit of kick from the spicy remoulade, but could've used a pinch more salt. Ditto for the sweet potato fries, whose lack of seasoning betrayed a perfect texture. A softshell crab po' boy delivered on the crustacean front, with a whole, well-fried crab nestled on a just-so-slightly dry roll. Khyber's vegan pulled pork sandwich won't fool any carnivores but is delicious in its own right with tender shreds of seitan adding heft to tangy North Carolina sauce and refreshing vegan coleslaw. The mac and cheese here is divine, striking the proper balance between cheesy funk and milky richness. If the bowl wasn't so damn hot I would've licked it clean. Beignets are delicious, but when is anything deep fried and covered in mounds of sugar not? Return visits have yielded consistent experiences across the menu; do try the indulgent bacon popcorn, though.

Service here is hit or miss; at dinner our waiter was prompt and friendly, yet at brunch we had a slow (but still helpful) server. Khyber's brunch menu is also killer for hearty, Southern hangover-slaying meals at low costs (check out the biscuits and gravy, grillades with grits, and Louisiana hash). Though the atmosphere leans divey, the prices, food quality, veggie friendliness, and drink program has made Khyber Pass a favorite spot of mine in Philly.
The last time I stepped foot in Khyber Pass was about 20 years ago to see the Monks of Doom play a cramped stage in a great divey music bar.  I had heard about the transformation from dive bar to 'gastropub' - and I have to say I think they did an amazing job!

First - it still feels kinda divey (i.e. my wife gave me a couple of backwards looks when I said 'yep, this is where we're going for dinner').  I think that's a good thing.  it feels like a bar.  Completely casual, with just as many people drinking as there are eating the amazing food.  

Second - the beer list is ridiculous!  They have some amazing things on tap; and are definitely knowledgeable about what you should try.  

Third -  the food is incredible!  the focus is on cajun and north carolina bbq - with lots of veggie options.  This means the veggie sides are actually vegetarian (I think that's a good thing).  I'd put the jambalaya and po boys against the best cajun food I've had outside of new orleans.  The greens are fantastic.  And hands down, they serve the best macaroni and cheese I've ever had.  Somehow, between the food and beer, we still had room for the chocolate cake - which definitely wasn't fresh out of the oven, but was still very good.
I just miss the old Khyber so much.  This joint now blends in with the rest of Olde City.  The food is decent, and the beer lists isn't bad.  But the prices are far too high for what is offered.  This spot no longer has charm or any real reason to bring me down to Olde City.
I think I love this place.  Very cool old building.  Watching the video I was definitely excited to be there.  The banana split craft beer may have had something to do with that.  I was having some difficulty with the draft beer list and that led to some confusion in my ordering and I ended up with the brisket platter and not the brisket sandwich.  The nice bartender had someone bring me out one of the rolls they use with the brisket sandwich.  I wish I thought to ask for a side of the horseradish sauce that comes on the brisket sandwich.  Everything had a nice taste and made with love.  However, a bit pricey, the brisket may have been a touch dry, the roll was probably a little too delicate for a meaty sandwich and the (one) bartender should have been nicer.  With that said, I bet with the horseradish sauce this sandwich is very good.
Khyber has my favorite vegan sandwich in the city -- the vegan chicken po' boy! Including a menu with several vegan options (always a plus!), the Khyber has an amazing and diverse draft beer list. Under the same ownership as Triangle Tavern and other local establishments, the Khyber makes a great date place or outing with the friends! Being back the vegan catfish po' boy!
Tried this place last night and was heartily impressed! Our server was awesome, the food was fantastic, fresh and all around great comfort food! I got the 'Fried Chicken Po'Boy' that was on special with a side of 'Mac-n-Cheese'. MMMM! The mac was awesome with a nice light crust and a bit of a bite to it. The sammich was kick-ass good!

You can't shake a stick at their beer list either! Southern Tier Creme Brule beer? Yes - F'n - Please! Abita Purple Haze on tap? I was a happy camper. I was even happier when I saw the bill was $35 for 6 beers and 1 entree (I swear that was not all me!). 

I will most defiantly be dragging all of my friends here on a regular basis for some real Southern Comfort :-)
How could I have never reviewed khyber?? tsk tsk tsk Nicey...

On my most recent trip to khyber we wandered in here on a whim in need of food. My companion ordered the khyber burger and a side of cheddar fries.. He thought the two were AMAZING!... I having already experienced some of the fab veg eats that khyber had to offer decided to try something new. So I ordered the Vegan sausage sandwich with some sweet potato fries...

The vegan sausage sandwich was delicious, it was chock full of flavor, and the sweet potato fries, were a bit crispier than I would have liked BUT they were still super yum. 

Service was good as usual, considering how packed the place was so early on a saturday my water remained full ( which is a quite a task considering it was almost emptied EVERY TIME they refilled it) way to be on point khyber server. I love khyber, I wish I could eat every since veg food that I love every time I come, the selection of veg food is so vast, that I don't feel like I need to order the exact same thing every time, which makes me extremely happy. 

Way to go Khyber, I can't wait to go back.
OK. I'm saying it. Why all the rave reviews of the popcorn?! I have a salty palate, but this was too salty. And too salty for me is just TOO DAMN SALTY! I'm still recovering and it was almost a week ago that I was there.

That being said, according to my BF, who is far more knowledgeable about beer than I, they had a great beer selection: he studied that draft list very carefully and helped me pick out a great Belgian that I really enjoyed...a few times.

And, though the popcorn was a disappointment, the Vegan BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich was bangin', as were the collard greens & the sweet potato fries. However, the Grilled Vegan Sausage was kind of meh.

Overall, despite some disappointments, 4 stars for the good beer, and, well, being the creature of habit that I am, I loved the Vegan Pulled Pork enough to order it again and again and again.
We sat at the bar for awhile on a Sunday afternoon, while the two bartenders passed by multiple times, busy doing other more important things, like putting glasses away. There were only about 6 people at the bar.
We also noticed that they were occasionally swigging beers behind the bar. The place is dark and old and smelled like stale beer.  We saw no reason to return with all the other friendlier places nearby, with cheaper beer prices to boot..
Dining Partner and I came to Khyber on a Friday around 7pm. I was here once before for breakfast and really enjoyed the food. They don't take reservations so we were grateful to be seated when we arrived. By the time we got our food, most of the tables were occupied.

The menu noted that the fried chicken could take up to 20 minutes. I figured it was going to be good and would be worth the wait. Good news, it arrived to the table in much less than 20 minutes.  Unfortunately, it was just OK. The skin was crispy, but it was lacking serious flavor. I had a double dose of potatoes as my side, mashed potatoes and fries. Dining Partner had a meat sample, brisket and ribs with a side of mac and cheese and onion rings. We were both generally satisfied by our meals, but no foodgasms were had. Heads up, I also ordered a diet coke, what I was served wasn't even close to coke. Had I known it was off-brand I would have stuck with water. I will come back in the future, but I'll stick to the cajun cuisine they do best.
This, ladies and gents, is a bar. Fantastic beer variety ranging from local to national to European. Service was great, and loved the dim atmosphere. What caught me off guard was their fantastic food options. Their regular menu has some tasty sounding items, but then they have an extensive specials menu as well. I had a special crawfish etouffee that was simply divine and absolutely traditional. This dish could certainly have held its own down on the Gulf Coast.

Whether a local or a visitor (like me), this place is a must stop. Plus they play some great tunes on top of it all. A bit pricy, but you're getting what you pay for.
Yelp is gonna kill me. I keep finding out About the most delicious spots to eat in Philly. But alas, I can't blame Yelp, I just need to make better choices When I dine out. I went to the Khyber Pass 4 lunch 2 day And I was excited About to be here because of All the great reviews.
 I sat at the bar And a very nice young lady Tending bar Gave me a menu.  She asked me if I would like to have A beer before ordering And of course I said yes! I loved the first beer I tried.  It was a dark beer and it was tasty with a AV rating of 10! Wow!
 The menu was great and I Settled on the barbeque sampler. It was delicious, Smokey and it came with 3 different Barbeque sauces. I had greens and potato salad. The sampler included 2 ribs, Beef brisket, And a generous mound Of pulled pork.
 The service was great, The food was great, And I was so full, I had to take a walk Around Olde City To keep from falling asleep.
"We'll head 'em off at the pass...I hate the cliche."

The Urqhart is old enough to remember the original Khyber Pass...in Asia...as well as Philly's first incarnation, albeit in pub form. S**#^y bands, warm beer, the under-showered, the over drugged, and specious food were all par for the course in 1999. 

We've come a fair way since then. I was debating how many stars to award the new Khyber, as I'm actually a fan of their new culinary slant. Let's discuss:

There has been attention given to creating a fairly authentic creole menu. The effort has been well worth it, as the attempt is nothing short of a success. The beignets are a delight for brunch, but there's plenty of 'headroom' if one want to turn up the volume. The creole sausage po' boy is the real deal.  Don't order it if you are afraid of heat though.  Mind you, the heat is used properly though. I have encountered an epidemic of Philly restaurants which use heat, but make no effort to integrate said heat into the dish. Adding raw jalepenos to a dish can almost be filed under the 'nice try mate, but well off the mark' category. Not so the case at Khyber. As is the case with the tradition to which they are paying homage, the heat gets IN to the flavour. It sneaks up at the end of the bite, and offers you a big sweaty hug. Like a hot girl on a steamy August afternoon...she's a little funky, but I'm taking that hug errytime. 

Let's move from food to service & decor. 

Service tops out at perfunctory.  I know I'm not cool...we all know that. But really, the relationship between my server and I doesn't need to be a friendship.  We don't have to share values, or taste in music. We don't have to both like skinny jeans, and feel good about ourselves for having 'vegan options' on the menu. Contrarily, I don't feel the need to judge my server if he or she doesn't like Brahms, old Jaguars, or cognac.  I'm very content with the following: I receive respectful and attentive service from our server, and in return I'm respectfully polite & tip 20%. Needless to say, we've a little way to go in the service department at Khyber. Maybe there are some evening diversity courses at the local college which the restaurant could encourage it's employees to attend.  'Learning about Global cultures 101'...or maybe 'How not to be a smacked a** Hipster'...200 level course. 

The decor is cleaner than it used to be, but by no means clean. It's like finally getting rid of your 1986 Chevy Nova, for a 2003 Elantra. It's better, but it's still not an Audi. 

All things being considered, I had to award only three stars. If Vetri and American Cut are Five star establishments, Khyber can't in good conscience be four.  If the food, however, was served in a different place, by different people, I could see my way clear to rethink my three star position. And in the end, I would say do have a go.
OMG, BBQ. I didn't even know I was craving bbq until my friends suggested KPP for dinner!

FOOD: my pulled pork sandwich was only ok (tasted a tad sour--vinegar-y, or something, and texture was meh).  BUT!  Mac and cheese was effing amazing.  I could have just had mac and cheese, and left happy.  Also, the bacon popcorn is delicious, if you're splitting with others (I think I would feel sick if I ate too much of it, though).  Friends really enjoyed their fried chicken and brisket.  

DRINKS: I didn't order any, but my friends both really enjoyed theirs...huge selection!

SERVICE: awesome.  I wish I had gotten our server's name, but he was so helpful with helping us decide between all of our dishes and drinks. 

AMBIENCE: This is essentially a bar.  Lights are dim, music is loud, and there are some really obnoxiously loud people--we were sitting next to a crowd that was CLEARLY drunk, and were making a lot of not-PC comments...which can either be hilarious or offensive (...to me, both).

Good stuff!  If I'm ever craving bbq, I'd be happy to come back here!
Hands-down the best barbecue I've had outside the South. Trust me - I was born and raised in the South, grew up eating barbecue in the South, and even when talking to other people from the South who have eaten here, it's an absolute consensus. This place is #1, and don't let the odd (culturally confused) exterior fool you.

For starters, they make the distinction between mustard-based, vinegar-based, and tomato-based barbecue sauce and have menu options for each of those three types. Very, very important to me, because I love mustard-based and vinegar-based, and not so much tomato-based. 

Barbecue gushing aside, their food in general is amazing. The sandwiches are delicious, and their sides are phenomenal. Best mac-n-cheese in the whole city (baked and gooey), and the collards (cooked with bacon) are mouthwatering and flavorful. Chocolate bread pudding for dessert - just do it. It's a huge portion for $6. Best of all, their prices are so reasonable for the quality of food you're getting and they don't try to rip you off like a lot of "gastropubs" do.

Great beer selection, too. Tip: get the North Carolina barbecue pulled pork sandwich!
YES YES YES YES.

I was in Philly for my anniversary over the summer, and the hotel AND yelp recommended this place for legit beer adventures. And they ABSOLUTELY NAILED IT HOLY HELL THIS PLACE ROCKS.

Great craft beers. Excellent tavern food. Warm bartenders who told my wife she was "the good kind of pregnant" and entertaining patrons. I was actually blessed to be there when a kid from tampa attempted to order a bud light, and I watched for the reaction. The bartender didn't explode or get snotty, but politely offered a selection that closely matched the type of lager he was looking for. VERY PROFESSIONAL.

Beer nerds unite, this place won't be touched for quality in Old City.
Small bar/pub with seating at a long bar on one side and table seating in another adjoining room. Randy at the bar where I sat was very friendly and on top of things. Beer list is pretty good and the BBQ brisket and chicken was great. The BBQ beans were also very good! I'd come here again if I return to Philly. Music in background was old school hard rock, not my favorite genre but not so loud as to overpower any conversations you might have. Fairly dark at bar side but that's ok, bars should be kinda dark sometimes.
It is dark. It is divey. It's delish. Want a place that sets off your date in a cozy candle glow? A just-right music mix? Food and drink that let you max and relax no matter how that date is going? A crowd that somehow makes you feel, "These are MY peeps ."? Let the Khyber work its magic. 

The cuisine is Southern: fried chicken (How do they get it to the table SO hot and it stays that way? Fantastic.); barbecue that somehow was not stopped at the Mason-Dixon Line --- are we really in Philadephia PA, not MS?--- and the sauce escaped, too! Collards to make you cry, mac 'n' cheese that you'll defend with the cupped arm around the bowl, fork ready to keep it to yourself and jab kin-I-try-summa-that-it-looks-REAL-good marauders at your table ("All right, we are on a date; just a little, heh-heh."). Crazy appetizers: boudin balls and proper oysters of all types of preparation. It's all good, as they say, and rounding third, sprinting for home --- yes!--- dessert scores, too! If pecan pie is flexing on the chalk board, hell, if anything pecan is showing itself on the board, grab it. Your baby may look great in just that candlelight, but know that that dessert won't disappoint.

A great beer list at, well, prices that allow you to be a beer snob everywhere else: "Yeah, I've had that. At the Khyber." Drinks: old reliables, old that's new --- French 75, anyone? --- and new that's new. The cheerful beertenders and tendresses are smooth and never break a sweat. The waitrons are first class, too.

You old magician, how did you pull that off? The Khyber will let you take the credit. Now pay the bill and get going with the rest of your date.
Oh, Khyber Pass Pub! How do I love thee? Let me count the ways... 

-The wooden sign outside & big wooden door almost make you feel like you're entering Shrek's house (In a good way - very rustic!) 
-Inside, it's cozy and the beers are listed on wooden planks on the wall. (awesome factor, +2)
-It has an amazing beer list, both bottles and draft, with frequent tap takeovers of super rare & delicious libations. 
-The bartenders are super friendly. 
-The frozen mint julep is not to be underestimated: it will knock you on your ass. 
-The menu is perfect for all kinds of groups since it has tons of vegetarian & vegan options. 
-They've got an awesome N'awlins style brunch with beignets!
-It's probably the least douchey place in Old City aside from Betsy Ross' House.
-The jukebox selection is pretty rad.
-I have inappropriate fantasies about the mac & cheese.

And this is why it's become one of my favorite 'go-to' spots in the city.
Went to this bar because my boyfriend used to go during his college days. Did not expect the food to be so amazing! Or the kitchen to be open so late (I think we got there around 11 or later). It has New Orleans style food on the menu. We had gumbo, fried chicken po boy with mac and cheese and our friend had a mushroom etouffee. My boyfriend despises mac and cheese, but he actually enjoyed the one here. Everything exceeded our expectations.
Also, being from the DC area, I thought the craft beer prices were very cheap. Like 3 or 4 bucks a pint..... pretty sweet. Definitely going back to this bar whenever I'm in Philly.
Epic beer list? Check.

Dimly lit interior perfect for intimate get-together (OR to disguise your face as you chomp through bags of bacon popcorn?) Check.

Friendly servers that not only know all about their food and beers BUT are able to deal with the most obnoxious of drunk patrons? Double check.

Nachos, arguably some of the top ones in Philly, piled high with pork? I would check this one, but I'm too busy stuffing my mouth with more cheesy, spicy goodness.

Khyber Pass seems to have it all. Having enjoyed the food and the drink on a number of occasions, I'm struggling to find one REAL thing wrong with this Old City establishment. The clientele tends to be hit or miss, either flooded with overflow from more typical "OC" bars OR loaded with hop-heads there for a killer beer event. I tend to prefer the latter, but the bartenders are more than able to handle the former, making it comfortable for the rest of us. Sometimes the bar gets a little crowded, they really jam the seats in there, but I REALLY enjoy those rare occasions when I'm seated at a REAL table. 

Bathrooms aren't my favorite, sometimes a little cold and a pinch dirty, but with the dark interior, generally you don't notice it too much. Just suck it up, get another beer, and order the nachos. They'll help you forget any of your troubles.
Let's get funky. Funky vibe, funky folks, but unfortunately there's a funky smell. 

Khyber was a great stop along my recent Philadelphia travels. That beer selection is no joke. This is what a beer menu should look like. I want to know amount being served, where it's made, how much it costs, it's ABV, what kind of class it's served in, type of beer it is, and this place gives all that! 

They have a vast selection of delicious brews. The two bartenders behind the bar were the two fastest while I was in Philly.  I would say the hardest working, but they looked at ease. They did everything effortlessly. 

My only quarrel was the smell. As I mentioned there was a bit of a funk. Didn't enjoy it. I probably would have stayed long had it not been there. Was eyeing that bacon popcorn. Could have been a one time thing though. 

Make sure you stop on by, just hope there is no stench.
I got their special, the chicken, sausage jambalaya and was sorely disappointed. 

I think I was eating cardboard disguised as jambalaya. The rice was overcooked, the chicken/sausage combo was tasteless and dry. I don't know what they did with this but I ended up eating 3 bites and then sharing a different plate (catfish) with a friend. There was no amount of sriracha/salt/pepper/etc. that could salvage this meal from the bland hell that it was sent to. 

On a positive note, the catfish was perfect and I would definitely recommend it. However, I left Khyber with a bad taste in my mouth and a box of leftover jambalaya.
Khyber pass is known among the vegan and vegetarian community to be super accommodating and everything is labeled but I have a wheat allergy and asked the server about options other than salad and they didn't have any idea. It was frustrating because they never offered to ask the chef and without that knowledge my options were very limited since I didn't know what was in the sauces. The menu looked great, I just wish it was more accessible to those with allergies or the staff was.
Let me say that I think this is probably a great place because they had some of the best fried okra I have ever had. However, they did not have Chardonnay and yet they are a full service bar. My daughter didn't  care for the chicken rice soup because it was bland with almost zero broth ( it is a soup?) But we all agreed that the okra was DIVINE! I'd eat it every single day!
I've been to Khyber many times for beer events. The draft list here is in my top 20 of Philly. They always have a wide variety of rare craft beers, from barrel aged stouts, to sours. So the beer list alone keeps me coming back.  I also love the atmosphere here, its very chill, dark, relaxed pub. Never too crowded, always just right. Bartenders are cool, and the waitresses are skilled at dealing with drunk Old city people. 

However, I am finally giving Khyber a full 5-star review, because I came last week and ate a full meal here. Usually I just come for beers and a sandwich, or appetizer. But last Saturday, we landed a table in Khyber when everywhere else was too packed. We got lots of good 'ol southern-style food. Comfort food at its best!  Pulled Pork sandwich with slaw, amazing!  Cheese fries with gravy!? Yessss delicious.  Mashed potatoes and fried green tomato sandwich?  Yes!  Fried Chicken, mac-n-cheese, baked beans!? YES!  Everything was delicious, and just perfect to quench our hungry southern food cravings. 

I love Khyber. Mostly for the beer, but the food is also top notch, service is great, atmosphere is chill. Its one of my favorite pubs in Old City!
Nothing says kickass like a sweet menu and solid craft beer selection, all with a cool vibe in the heart of Old City!  On a recent weekend jaunt in Philly (and in-between countless sightseeing destinations), my friend and I wandered over here, lured in by the dark ambiance and plenty of available seats up at the bar

We ordered the smoked duck sandwich with a mac&cheese side, and when we informed the bartender that we were splitting the sandwich, he was kind enough to literally split the sandwich onto two separate plates, complete with two accompanying cups of the aforementioned side dish too.  Split in half or not, this was one of the best duck experiences I've ever devoured.  Two Southern Tier Pumpkings washed down the ensemble, and both sandwich and beers left us walking out two VERY happy campers...Thanks!
The newly remodeled Khyber Pass Pub is on all y'alls hot list right now. My twitter feed is constantly blowing up with people meeting up and checking in at KPP and I can see why. With an extensive beer list in addition to their rotating specials and a uniquely vegetarian friendly down home Southern-ish menu they've got something for everyone, including MEEEEEE. On Friday night I went for the vegan fried chicken po' boy, which consisted of a large roll filled with what I believe to be breaded seitan chunks (the "fried chicken"), what I believe to have been vegan mayo, some other spread (perhaps a mustardy remoulade), lettuce, tomato and pickle slices which added a tangy, vinegary crispness to the sandwich. A crucial element. They also have pear cider (and regular ol' hard cider) available in the bottle, which is nice for me since I'm not always interested in drinking actual beer, but want something other than my stand-by diet soda. 

Elizabeth B. and I are known to split the always PIPING HOT fried green tomato appetizer here, which comes with the same mustardy remoulade found on the po' boy. 

It's a good vibe in here, but be careful when you close the door on the bathroom that's NOT in the corner because sometimes trashy women will walk in literally three seconds after you walk in and then berate you to their trash friends at the bar like two feet from the door "people here need to learn how to lock their doors." Okay, the vibe here is good other than the wayward tumbleweed of garbage that blows in not knowing that it's a place for cool, decent people. The service is solid, the bar keeps keep their bar well, and the food is off the chains. Keep it up, KPP.
I hadn't been to the Khyber since it was still the Khyber, you know, that awesomely grungy and bare-bones music venue where everyone's friend's band played at one time or another.

The Khyber Pass Pub, however, is a delightful revamp of a space that probably wasn't pulling in enough revenue to support the costs on such a prime location. B and I met up with some fellow Yelpers for an excellent UYE. It was vegan-themed but B and I went for the awesome BBQ I'd been hearing about.

The draft list was impressive but I was disappointed by their lack of regular IPAs. There were Double IPAs and Imperial IPAs, but I had just come from the gym and wasn't feeling such a heavy beverage. I went with a Jack's Cider and it was perfect, nice and light and refreshing. Bottle list was limited.

For food I chose the 1/2 smoked chicken with debris fries and coleslaw on the side. For gluten-intolerant folks, be warned that the gravy is most likely thickened with flour since I'm not feeling well today, but I didn't ask because I wanted to eat them anyways. Didn't have any of the coleslaw since I can't eat cabbage either, but it looked better than the average. The chicken, however, was beyond delicious. I think I liked it better than Percy Street's, the smokiness had a better flavour somehow and wasn't as overpowering. I think it was the hickory? It went great with my BYO homemade BBQ sauce that I make sans onion and garlic. Yes, I brought a small tupperware of BBQ sauce to the restaurant. Don't judge me.

There was so much food I ended up bringing a whole chicken breast home. Atmosphere is very basic, service did an excellent job handling a large and ever-changing group, doling out separate checks without complaint and they even comped my second drink when it took a long time to arrive. I hadn't noticed because I was having a great time socializing, but I was pleased to get a free drink! Volume was super loud but that could have been because we had so many people in our group. Prices were incredibly reasonable - my enormous entree was only $18 and the ciders were like $5 I think. 

I'll definitely be back for those fries again, stomach troubles be damned.
Did you ever grow up your whole life not knowing that you had a twin brother and then one day after 23 years you ran into him on the street? Me neither, but I think I had that feeling today after setting foot for the first time in the Khyber. 

Let's see where to begin? The food selection-po' boys, BBQ sandwiches/platters, sides-basically comfort food. We ordered the cheese fries, vegan sausage, and North Carolina pulled pork sandwich, which came with your choice of one side-we got mac and cheese. Sweet Roy Maloy was it good! 

Starting with the fries-they were the boardwalk style fries and covered in what I think was mozz-no plastic tasting fake ass cheeze wiz. The sausage was spicy and flavorful, not dried out and lacking like a lot of vegan food that I've tried. The pulled pork sandwich had the tiniest bit of vinegar in it. It was not covered in sauce. It was just plain ol' pork and quite possibly one of the best pulled pork sandwiches I have ever had. Finally the mac and cheese-cheesey, gooey, breadrcumbs on top-yes please! 

We ordered a Boulder Obovoid-oatmeal stout- and Oskar Blues Old Chub-a scotch ale-both delicious. They also have a pretty sweet beer selection both on tap and in bottles. Prices are standard for the area. M-F they have a happy hour 4-6 which will get you $2 off drafts. 

Service was friendly and attentive 

Jukebox-Stones, Clash, BRUCE, Cream translation=AWESOME! 

Next time I am in the neighborhood I am skipping Mac's and coming to the Khyber!
Let me just preface this review by saying I'm a Louisiana transplant who's lived in Pennsylvania for many years. I've patronized several New Orleans-style restaurants up here, all boasting of their traditional, authentic recipes, and I usually leave them feeling disappointed and missing home. These places tend to double up on the spices, overwhelm with too many ingredients, and confuse "burnt" with "Cajun-style."

The Khyber, thankfully, delivers. They make a muffaletta [muf-fa-LOT-ta...yeah, but that's how they say it down there] that made me wonder if the chef's from New Orleans, and you probably can't finish it in one sitting. The fried seafood's great, too.  I'm not a fan of the gumbo, but I never liked it back home either.  The atmosphere brings to mind a number of spots in the French Quarter, with it's open doors, people-watching, and aromas of soul food wafting through the air. I love this place.
Was wondering around the city on a Friday night with some family looking for a place to grab some food and drinks when I stumbled across this place. 

While the name got my attention, the menu is what got us inside. Having been from New Orleans, seeing their menu featuring things such as Po Boys, Red Beans and Rice, and Beignets was enough to grab my attention. 

Inside it was a fairly nice, albeit small, place. The size is not detrimental, as a lot of places in this area are on the smaller side. The bar was crowded with limited seating, but they were quick to get a table for us. 

The draft beer list is fairly good, with a variety of local beers and classic beers you expect to see at a bar in the city. Where this place stood out was on their bottle list, featuring beers from England, France, Canada, and many other countries. The beers featured were of a wide variety of styles and percentages, and they even had trappist rochefort 8, a favorite of mine.

The food menu was concise and featured classic New Orleans favorite foods. I got a roast beef Po Boy which was fairly large and came with a side of my choice (I chose the baked mac and cheese). The Po Boy was not overflowing with roast beef and gravy as you'd expect in New Orleans, but instead was a more manageable size that required less napkins while still being absolutely delicious.

The baked mac and cheese, while insanely hot, was equally delicious. The cheese was perfectly creamy while the top of the pasta was baked to a nice golden crisp. 

The waitress I had was great; she was quick to answer questions about the menu and the origins/history of the restaurant, and engaged in a nice conversation about New Orleans culture. The service from her, and whoever delivered our drinks, was prompt and well-mannered. 

I heard good things from the resident muffaletta expert at the table, and nothing bad was said about the surf-n-turf Po Boy either (breaded shrimp with roast beef). The waitress said their weekend brunch featuring beignets and cafe au lait was something to come back for and I believe her, as this place was a great find. 

I would highly recommend this to anyone wanting to try a nice foreign bottled beer alongside some great, classic, and authentic food from the South!
I've lost hours of sleep trying to figure out what's in that addictive bacon grease popcorn.  I don't think I'll ever be able to recreate it, so we'll just have to keep going to Khyber Pass.  Oh well!  This place marries together so well so many different things - (1) dive bar with beer bar (complete with a beer list telling you what's been recently tapped and little notes stamped on it), (2) glorious meaty dishes (yummy fried chicken, awesome burger, obviously bacon grease popcorn) with vegan/veg selections a-plenty, (3) Philly hipster (not in a bad way - like in a Kenzinger, jukebox and beards kind of way) with New Orleans cuisine (gumbo, muffalettas and po-boys).  There is literally something for everyone.  Top it off with polite and knowledgeable service, and you've definitely got a favorite (and a rare place where I can chow down on ribs while my vegan buddies indulge in a vegan fried chicken po-boy)!
Khyber Pass has become my go-to Thursday late night dinner spot. In 2013 I'm traveling again for work, and I don't get home until 10pm Thursdays. Once I get in, the lady and I head on to Khyber Pass.

What's so special about a Khyber Pass Thursday at 10:30/11pm? It's busy. I like that. It makes me feel like I'm coming home to something happening (though the lady is really all I need =D ). Second - it's consistent. 

They serve up comfort food that is consistently good. The service is consistently nice, and it's always consistently a little cold if you sit by the window in the winter (I could do without that consistency, but that's neither here nor there). On first visit, I didn't think much. After finding a special place in my heart, Khyber Pass has moved up in my ranks.

Great beer selection, great food selection. I'd strongly recommend the grilled chicken po boy or sammy po boy, with sweet potato fries and collard greens. The pulled pork sandwich is nice too, even the vegetarian edition.

No need to get the mac n' cheese, unless you like really buttery mac n' cheese. Beers rotate all the time, but I go for the latest nut brown they've got. If that's out, I'll go for something that's not too hoppy. 

Next time I'll be there is March 7th (won't be home 'til then). See you there!
We love this place. The pulled pork nachos are incredible; the kind of nachos that you dream of a bar having. They are covered in a mixture of diced veggies, sour cream, melted cheese, pulled pork and copious amounts of citrus/lime juice. 
The Mac and cheese is also unreal. Mac and cheese is not a dish that I typically order out (because I have my own recipe), but this is the exception. I love it. 

The tap selection is stacked, and they are constantly rotating new and excellent craft beers from all over the place. The prices are very reasonable for craft beers in old city, and they also have a happy hour! During the happy hour, they offer a frozen mint julep for 5 bucks. I grew up in Cincinnati, and spent lots of time watching horse racing and drinking mint juleps, but have never had a frozen rendition until Khyber Pass.  It makes me terribly nostalgic of the Kentucky derby, and brings me back to an authentic tasting julep. Well done!

The service is great, and the music is always good. A "must go" for old city.
Great little bar. Friendly bartenders, reasonably priced drinks, and vegan friendly food options. Another historic venue turned bar, and worth a stop.
After my fantastic guy friends were denied entry to Mint due to their foot attire, myself and the group stumbled across Khyber. We were welcomed with open arms and by open arms I mean the bouncer told us the guys could go into the bar rockin' their sneakers. 

I was pretty impressed with the feel of the place downstairs and after a moment or two we made our way upstairs where the feel was more hipstery and they served a buttload of PBR & Miller. 

The backroom served as the dancefloor with the DJ spinning hits from the 90's/early 2000's. The crowd itself was just mehhhh however, I don't know about you but I always have a blast when there's awesome friends, cheap beer, good music and ridiculous dancing involved!
Only reviewing on the atmosphere/bar. This is your standard dive bar. Good beer list but the hipster/I don't really care vibe the bartender had was enough to make me not want to come back. 

Bathrooms were gross, door didn't lock. When your bathrooms are gross at 2pm, I can only imagine what they're like at 1am. I would never eat here considering how dark it was.

If you're going just for a beer, worth checking out.
Still my go to place for authentic New Orleans poboys. The roast beef is my favorite, but I love the shrimp poboy too. I'm so happy I live close to Kyber!
Full disclosure- I was a frequent visitor of the Khyber in it's previous life, as a dark & dirty, divey rock venue. I was such a loyal visitor, I refused to go to this "Khyber Pass Pub" for a long time out of loyalty to the spirit of the original Khyber. How dare they take it away from me! Well, I confess: I was goddamn stupid. STUPID, I say.

After hearing through word-of-mouth (you know, how people found out about things pre-Yelp), that the KPP had a bangin' menu (their words), we decided to drop in on a Friday. It was a First Friday in old city, so I prepared for a madhouse.

Not so much. It was busy, but we were seated within 10 minutes. The tables are a weeee bit too close together though. Another 6 inches in each direction would be great, but as long as your sister's miscarriage isn't a topic of conversation, everything should be gravy. I mean bacon fat. I mean bacon fat popcorn. What? I'm sorry, I wasn't paying attention. It says "bacon fat popcorn" on the menu. (You should try it. It's well worth the vein clog.)

The menu: Do you love BBQ with a southern/Louisiana flavor? This is the place. Pulled pork? Yes, gimme more. They have a BBQ sampler for those who can't choose. The vegan po' boy is great too, and I'm not even vegan. Their mashed potatoes are basically "we cooked this potato in enchanted salt water and literally smashed it onto your plate." And surprise! That's vegan too. The mac & cheese is not, of course. I burned my mouth on it from eating it too fast, and you know what? Worth it.

Huge draft list, and reasonably priced.

If you have a mixed group of vegans, veggies, omnivores, carnivores, and beer fanatics, this is the Place To Take Them All. Go during the week to avoid the old city weekend crowds. I've been there several times now and it makes me feel silly for not going for so long. But it's ok, I plan on making up for lost time.
First impressions are incredibly important. The first impression I got of the new Khyber was during their grand opening this past Wednesday... I got their just in time for the hour of free Sly Fox and bourbon, friendly, generous and attentive bartenders were walking around with beers to give away, no annoying wait at the bar to get their attention for a drink. Awesomeeee! I just missed all 22 drafts being $2 but a look at the list was promising, they even carry the Dogfishhead Olde Barleywine (15% ABV, $7- not bad!). Good juke box, nice bartenders, good atmosphere.

I like the new revamped interior, white christmas lights all around gave it a Cantina-esque feel. The dining area was open and not cramped. I would definitely go back for a drink here whenever I'm in Old City, gotta try the food too!
Easily my favorite go-to place!  They always have a solid beer selection and the music is way better than what other bars in the area are playing.  Great place to go to for bruch, especially hungover because it's pretty dark in there and it goes until 4pm.  Friendly staff, which is always a plus.
I love the Pass. They excel in two of my favorite areas - Cajun food and beer. 

Didn't want a beer this time but I needed the food as part of my day's celebration.

A movie at the Bourse (mesmerizing and highly recommended documentary called The Wolfpack) brought myself and my lady to celebrate Father's Day lunch at the Khyper.

The last time I was there I had the delicious bacon popcorn as an appetizer and a sampler plate of amazing barbecue.  Top Notch. No wonder the Inky's CLaBan LOVES it. 

This time we choose to start with the house gumbo. Unfreaking believable! As good as any gumbo I've had in my many trips to New Orleans. The andouille sausage is flown in from there. The roux is perfect. Worth just going there JUST for the gumbo.

She had a house salad for lunch and loved it. I ordered the fried shrimp po boy and it was great. Almost as good as Cajun Kate's which is my favorite kitchen in our area because the owner spent years working at several of New Orleans finest spots and moved back to the area after Katrina to open the best Cajun cooking you can get in the tri- state area.

I picked the home made onion rings as my side - delicious.

She had the house Chardonnay and I had a nice Whiskey drink. 

Service was ok - kitchen was slow but I'll give them a pass as it was busy and we made the movie with time to spare. 

Two thumbs up - way up
Best vegetarian/vegan selection of bar food in the area in my opinion. The menu has a ton of veg options, and all of the things I've tried have been well-executed. I especially love the vegan chicken Po-Boy and the nachos with vegan BBQ pulled pork. I fantasize about the food here often, which is my mark of a great place. Beer selection is pretty good here too, but the main draw for me is the food.
Khyber Pass Pub is a longtime favorite. It along with other restaurants owned by the same group (Triangle Tavern, Royal Tavern, etc) were closed for a long time period due to COVID.  We have been fans due to their menu accommodating dietary restrictions. 

When Khyber reopened a few things were different.  There is no longer a physical menu, now patrons must scan a QR code to bring up the latest menu. When the menu loaded we noticed that it had been modified from the old pre pandemic times. The prices were higher and no longer were sides being included with most menu items. The higher prices make sense (as with the whole restaurant industry), but eliminating sides with dishes was a bummer. In the past prior to COVID, there used to be a decent number of specials, however it looks like that has been eliminated.  Outdoor seating is new as well, when we were there 2nd Street was closed to vehicles and restaurants were able to have tables on the road.

Drinks came fast but the food took awhile to come. While we were waiting three different waitstaff (not including our waitress) stopped by to see how things were and if we needed anything. The extra attention was nice however it did make us wonder if they were not coordinated or if they were bored. 

When the food came out it was delicious and just as good as we remembered.

Overall I would give Khyber a solid 3.5 stars but rounding up to give them the benefit of the doubt. I really hope they bring back specials (those used to be what our group normally ordered).  It was nice sitting outside, since in the past the restaurant was always loud. 

Pros:
-Good service
-Outdoor seating (with umbrellas)
-Lots of vegetarian options

Cons:
-Menu changes 
-No specials
I had no clue, what I wanted when I sat down and looked over the menu. Ribs, Chicken, Chicken and Ribs, I just couldn't decide. I ended up going with the BBQ Chicken. When the waitress placed my dish on the table my eyes started talking to me. When I took my first bite, my tongue reiterated what my eyes said, which was.. Christian, this why you purchased a smoker. To make bbq meats that look and taste like this. The chicken was seasoned with a blend of spices that gave it a slight kick. The meat inside was cooked perfectly with plenty of juices. I did use some of the sauces that were brought to the table but in all honesty the chicken doesn't need it. 

The mac & cheese was not bad. I like my food hot, but it was really hot to the point where it was not comfortable to eat for a period of time. The Big Ass biscuit was pretty good. A little warm butter on it would have taken it to another level. 

I can't wait until we come here again. As I looked around the bar, I wanted to pick something off everyone's plate.
If I could give this place six stars, I would! They honestly have some of the best vegan food in the city. The vegan chicken po-boy rocks my world. I don't think I've ever had a vegan meal here that I didn't absolutely love. They have a spectacular beer selection as well. I also enjoy that despite being in Old City, it does not attract the douche-baggery suburbanites. Very hip and low-key. Highly recommend!!!
Best pulled pork in Philly! Fantastic mac and cheese. Desserts to perfection! Khyber is great. It can get super noisy though, but it's totally worth many visits.
On a Sunday night we were trying to find a late night food spot that was REAL food and not McD's or a greasy pizza joint. We walked into Khyber Pass and were excited to find out their kitchen was open late!!! 

I went for the pulled pork sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries. It was super good, but in the future I'd opt to not eat it on the bun because the pieces of meat were SO big that they kinda fell out while I was eating.

We were all happy with our food (even the vegetarian with us). I'd definitely come back again!!
​Friends were in town from St. Louis so they craved seafood. Our first option was closed and we were about to go to Old City to do some sightseeing so this seemed to be the best option. 

Inside is dim and cozy, the food is delicious, and the happy hour is great. My three friends got po boys and really enjoyed them! I had the vegan nachos that were on special and the vegan cheese was fantastic. 

This is definitely a hidden gem in Old City and I recommend checking it out if you need delicious food or a drink (or two).
Came here for lunch on a Friday. Don't be fooled by the outside décor - it's a great place for a weekday lunch!
What other pub has this many delicious vegan options? I got the VEGAN bbq pulled pork sandwich, which was really good on it's own. BUT it also came with a side, and I of course went with the baked mac N cheese, which was also great. Service was a little slow, and it did take some time for our food to come out (hence the 4 stars), but the food made it worth the wait.
It's so funny - all the years I lived in Philly I never came to this spot. Visiting with a friend who is a vegetarian, he requested we go to Khyber Pass. At the onset it's any other pub but when you see the menu and the specials you know that this is definitely anything but....

We ordered the boiled peanuts, mind you I never had boiled peanuts but just wanted to try them - they were boiled and seasoned with something but so good.. We each ordered the Grilled Vegan Sausage - wow!!!' It was really really good - lil spicy, with pickles mustard mayo and who knows what - and it was sooooo good! I ordered it with the vegan cole slaw - I love vegan stuff.


Anyway long story short - great menu, great food and a micro selection of beers.
Had a really delicious lunch here. Fried oysters and Perfection. Gumbo very rich Hardy and tasty. And the greens were perfectly cooked. Menu.. can't wait to go back.
Outstanding beer selection, with two cask beers - including Well's Bombardier (ESB), always seems to be on. It's my personal favorite. I don't know of another pub in town with a choice of casks, so that's something remarkable to start. The menu is very vegetarian/vegan friendly, and I'll recommend specifically the Vegan BBQ Pulled Pork as well as the Grilled Vegan Sausage. They are truly excellent. Also, note the Fried Green Tomatoes, a regular item on the menu, and I don't know another place like this that has them. Perfect pub food. Love the dim lighting, but could do without the TV.
After the Yelp event on Wednesday, Lindsay V., Tiffany T., Gia M., and I walked down the street to Khyber Pass. It was my first time and this place had been on my bookmarks list for months!

Despite the fact that it was a muggy weeknight, Khyber was packed. Since I had already reached my drink-quota for the night, I only bought a fried chicken sandwich. Still -- it was really darn good, as were the accompanying fries. The sandwich was also pretty big and made for a great lunch on Thursday!

I'll definitely be back soon, with more room in my stomach for the list of items I mentally bookmarked from their menu.
When the GF and I are in Old City and get a hankering for some pub grub, it's a safe bet that we'll end up at Khyber Pass. So after a few drinks at 2nd Story Brewing Company, we decided to stop by Khyber Pass for dinner with a friend. 

Mint Julep [$9]

Our friend decided to bring a bit of the Derby into the night. This mint julep was quite bourbon-forward, which isn't such a bad thing! The accents of mint and sugar were understated, but came through a bit on the finish.

Pimm's Cup $[7] 

It's a safe bet that the GF will always get the Pimm's. Theirs was refreshingly light, citrusy, and deceptively boozy.

Bell's Kalamazoo Stout [$6]

Regular readers know I don't regularly drink beer. But when I do, I prefer the dark stuff, especially if it's bourbon barrel aged. From Bell's Brewery, the Kalamazoo Stout is a great Michigan craft brew offering creamy chocolate, bourbon, and caramel notes. 

Fried Buttermilk Catfish [$14]
Black-eyed peas

Our friend went with the special of buttermilk catfish with black-eyed peas. The marinade helped to ensure the moistness of the fish, which was encrusted with a gorgeously light, yet crisp cornmeal batter. The stewed black-eyed peas came with well-seasoned and spicy collards, which really made each bite. 

Fried Green Tomato BLT [$13]
Benton's bacon, mayo, tabasco pepper remoulade, mac n cheese

With each of Khyber Pass' sandwiches, you get a choice of one of their spectacular sides. The GF chose the fried green tomato BLT with some of their awesome mac, much to my satisfaction! Let's start with the mac, because it's pretty spot on.

Creamy, yet al dente, the cheesy mac is well-seasoned and sharp. It's all hidden underneath a crusty layer of cheese and bread crumbs that showcases a great juxtaposition in textures and tastes. It's a pretty hefty portion for a side as well!

Their BLT is nothing to scoff at either! Especially if you've got smoky, crispy Benton's bacon on offer. And with tangy green tomatoes fried with a great cornmeal crust, you've got some extra texture there as well. Fresh tomatoes, lettuce, and a generous spread of mayo and spicy remoulade round out each bite nicely. And the bread? Fresh and grilled, it's hard to fault anything about this sandwich.

BBQ Brisket Sandwich [$12]
BBQ sauce, horseradish, "Big Ass" biscuit

Clearly I was carbo-loading fby ordering a brisket sandwich with a side of the "big ass" biscuit. It came with a pat of butter to spread on the biscuit and some fresh horseradish to top the brisket sandwich.

The sandwich was certainly hefty and savory. And while it was tasty, the brisket was a bit tough and I usually prefer less sauce, if any, on my BBQ (granted it was advertised with BBQ sauce). Regardless, it wasn't that bad because I finished it all!

And the biscuit? That was something else. Fluffy, pillowy, and buttery on its own, I couldn't help but spread some more butter on there like the glutton that I am. I was just imaging some honey, fried chicken, and cheddar in between the folds, but that would just be silly, right?

Clearly, Khyber Pass was the right move for pub grub after drinks. They've got the beers, the cocktails, and the food to boot. The servers are friendly, knowledgeable about the menu, and not looking to rush you out while you're catching up with friends. It's a bit dive-y, but in the best sense of the word.
