After the Yelp schwag was distributed at a record pace at the Night Market, we ended up at Kite & Key for a couple brews and a bite. We grabbed an outdoor table and enjoyed the crisp night air while sipping everything from west coast IPAs to Yard's ESA on cask (yum). 

I was in the mood for something buffalo, so we ordered wings and asked for them well-done. Said wings came out rather quickly and didn't seem very well done, but it could also be because they were pretty large. While the buffalo sauce was nice and the blue cheese and ranch dipping sauces were on point (seriously, no skimping on the blue cheese), the wings were a little too juicy for my liking. No worries though, they also offer a buffalo chicken flatbread, which I'll likely hit up next time. 

One beer turned into four, and before we knew it the windows were being closed since the patrons inside were getting chilly. We decided to join them at the bar to watch A-Rod take a swing of air so final it was felt all the way in Philly. 

I really enjoyed myself at Kite & Key and I'll even go so far to say that I'd willingly go out of my way to hang out there again soon.
How have I not written a review for Kite & Key before? Even more puzzling, how is it my neighborhood and I'm not there more? 

I'll keep this review brief and to the point. This is an excellent craft beer establishment. Aside from always carrying unique brews, they are also involved with Philly Beer Week and host other beer-related events. They are a Philly Tapfinder bar and will always post their events there. 

The food is also above average bar food. You almost shouldn't think of it as bar food and just think of it as good food. It's been a while since I've dined there last, but I've never been disappointed. 

They also have my favorite indoor/outdoor seating setup of probably anywhere I've ever been. If you don't want to sit totally outdoors, but don't want to sit totally indoors, one of their window high tops in the summer is the perfect spot. They have the full length window open when the weather is nice. So it's like you are sitting outside, but can see the TV, which are usually showing whatever game is big. Yep, it's a pretty great set up. 

Kite & Key is a perfect example of the gastropub, beer scene in Fairmount. Keep up the great work!
A fine place to grab a Hoegaarden and catch the game on the numerous flat screen TVs. Beers were brought promptly and we were left to our own devices until our pints neared empty at which point our waitress reappeared.
I'll keep this one fairly short, but it's not going to be all that sweet. I'll start with the good: The service was excellent. Kristy, our server, was friendly, prompt, and attentive, and the food and drinks came out quickly. It was a beautiful day, so we were enjoying the outside seating area (despite the not-so-pretty view of the beer store and the dilapidated Rose Tattoo). Their beer list is fairly extensive and includes selections from such powerhouse breweries as Rogue and Founder's. 

Unfortunately, my grilled chicken sandwich was not up to par. The chicken was nicely blackened and was moist enough, but the Kite and Key is apparently anti-sauce. Neither my sandwich nor my friend's sliders (he got the combo: crabcake, beef, and pork) had any sauce. Who wants to eat a dry sandwich? Furthermore, I asked for honey mustard and the best they had was Dijon. Don't get me wrong, I like Dijon, just not as the primary condiment on my sandwich. Where's the aioli at, yo? They didn't have any other kind of bread besides white, either, which was kind of annoying. No options for sides besides fries, so I gave most of them to my friend... they kind of reminded me of McDonald's fries. 

It's a shame the food wasn't too good, especially considering the prices (which weren't cheap), because I enjoy the setup and the atmosphere inside. They just opened pretty recently, so hopefully they'll step it up a notch.
Kite & Key is a friendly new pub without a lot of pretenses. Their beer list ranges from Yuengling to St. Bernadus, and they have a modest, but sufficient menu. So far, its a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
Came here during the marathon for brunch. They were no longer doing brunch because the day prior the kitchen couldn't keep up with the amount of orders. 

Their Mimosas could use a little work. I ended up going with a glass of wine and a bloody marry. The bloody marry was really good. 

I didn't order food but my friend did. Her buffalo wraps didn't look too appetizing.
This place is white!  Everything from the walls to the plates to the people.  It's whited out!  Now I'm not hating, I'm just observing.  I didn't really feel left out or nothing because Korea was with me along with a little bit of China and California.  So all in all, I didn't really feel left out or anything but yo, all I'm gonna say is if you're looking for a good, brand-spanking, whitewash of a time.  This is your jams!

They are in possession of a solid selection of draft brews, which explains my overall comfort level.  Surrounded by Asian nations and an Asian state, with taps in tow, one could not help but feel familiar.  Prices are decent but I did expect things to be $1-2 less than what I was used to, being a NYCity Slicker and all.  The waitresses were attentive but I couldn't help but notice that every time they came over to check on us, it seemed like they were American tourists wading through a sea of foreign-ness.  I think one of them actually brought over chopsticks.  No, I'm just kidding.  That didn't happen.

Sorry for the racial tint in which I've reviewed, but I just wanted to Yelp it like I saw it, and the eyes through which I've witnessed said events resulted in a good night.  It's definitely a pre-game type of place or maybe even for post-game festivities, though I would imagine if I had won any sort of game, my post-game celebration would definitely not be here.  So remember folks, pre- not post-, but only if you like white toast.
This was a great happen-upon brunch spot this summer. Really nice outdoor area on nice weather days, and our waitress didn't forget about us, which I find can often happen when you're sitting outside. Reasonably priced, and good menu options. Above all, however, was the pb&j french toast. Delish!
I've been to Kite & Key on several occasions pre-COVID and once post. The quality of the food has not changed nor as the great service.  They've done a great job converting the outside to an enjoyable place to eat and watch a game during the COVID season.

My last visit found me enjoying the fried chicken sandwich with a group of 4 outdoors. The sandwich was tasty and came with nice pile of fries. I did get a little food envy seeing the Fish & Chips, but with COVID in line there was no sampling. Previously visits was mostly focused on bar type food such as chicken tenders and Quesadilla, which paired well with the numerous beers they have on tap. To round out brunch, they had a decent bloody mary.  It loses a bit needed to be packaged for takeaway, but I will still recommend it.

I'm hopeful that Kite & Key stays around post-COVID.  It is a great place and one I will check out anytime I'm in the area. Check them out!
I give it four stars for serving an underserved hood and providing a mush needed watering hole on West Callowhill.  We jsut got drinks but they were cheap, cold, good and served quick.  Menu looks typical pub food.  
It was packed on Friday night at 10PM with a great young professional crowd.  It was very loud.
Kite and key is def one of the best gastro-pub/restaurants in the city. The beer list is always impressive, the food is consistently divine, the decor is relaxed and comfy, and the bar staff is knowledgeable and friendly. The only reason I take away a star here is that some of the waitstaff can be a bit douchey - and this was certainly the case on the last Friday night we stopped by here.

About the food.... I've always been a fan of the WINGS here - the sweet, tangy and tart thai chili sauce is a perfect combination for the meaty wings - consistent and satisfying.

This time, we also ordered the BURGER which was almost shockingly good. Based on my pas experience at Kite and Key, I assumed it would be a great burger, but somehow I wasn't prepared for the level of awesomeness that was BROUGHT-ED. I am a sucker for bleu cheese burgers though so the abundant dose of bleu could have contribted. 
Full disclosure: the bf thought they were maybe a teensy bit heavy handed with the potent bleu, but to that I say NAY, perfect meat:cheese ratio was achieved.

The other 2 dishes were specials, but I hope they put these on the regular menu (oh GOD pretty please) because I'm straight up obsessed with them now: FRIED PICKLES and chicken + queso empanadas. Yep, QUESO.

Fried Pickles + Chipotle Aioli
These were thick discs-sliced pickles, battered and served with a spicy aioli. Sometimes fried pickle in disc shapes don't offer enough pickle, so you end up eating a sliver of just batter (village whiskey, I'm looking at you), but these were thick enough to have that juicy briney crunch betwixt the fried (but not dough-y) batter. I couldn't stop raving about these all weekend.

Chicken + Queso Empanada
These also deserves fanfare. C'mon- QUESO! In the empanada! The outer dough was crispy and the chicken and queso stuffing was moist and flavorful.

Need to write to the owner about adding these permanently. YOU MUST TOO! Do your part, all.
This place just got a fan.

Stopped in for some suds and a bite last night after a viewing, so we were just looking to relax, cheer up, and unwind, and Kite & Key delivered. Huge beer list leaning heavily on the craft, especially in draft form, and I was extremely happy with the Dirty Bastard; normally when a bar has such variety I hop from beer to new beer, but last night I stuck with that dark s.o.b. for long haul.

Food options were appealing, but as a swine lover I had to give their pulled pork a try. Sandwich comes with some shoestring fries that I should have upgraded to the soup du jour, but that was on me and my indecisiveness. As for the sammy, it is loaded with very tender meat, though I didn't get any crispy crust, but sometimes that's a good thing. They also throw a healthy and tasty dose of long hots on the pork that brought the perfect amount of heat to my eats, and, even if it's not my preferred style, a gooey slice of provolone that helped tie it all together.

Friends got the garlic wings, which were very good (not so crispy, which I like, so some of you may need to ask for them well done), with a sweet and very mildly spicy sauce that had lots of breath destroying flavor. We also got a plate of nachos that was okay and great to pick at, but nothing was overly special about them.

I really liked K&K, from the warm interior to the quite comfortable booth I sat in, the night was a success. The only small complaint I'd have was our server being a little strange: his service was timely and attentive, but a few times he came over to ask if we needed anything and when we said yes and turned to get the attention of a friend who didn't see his arrival, by the time we turned back he had drifted off. Still, we were never left wanting for very long, so it is a mild complaint at most.
I don't care about beer, so my review is only for food.

I came here for dinner last night and enjoyed everything I ate. My friend and I split the calamari, which was big and definitely shareable. It came with lots of arugula and the calamari itself wasn't chewy at all. I wish there was more marinara sauce, though. Maybe a little bowl of sauce on the side would have been a good idea.

I also had the vegetable flatbread, which was the size of a personal pizza. It was hot as hell, covered in melt-y cheese, and topped with spinach, red peppers, and caramelized onions. It was pretty darn good, but the edges were pretty burned and I couldn't eat that part.

My friend got the veggie quiche, which came with a nice salad, and she really enjoyed it. The bill was like $30.00. 

A-OK place for dinner!
reasons why i like kite and key:
wings:get 1/2 of the buffalo and 1/2 of the sweet garlic chile.  it works.
outdoor seating in the summer.  big windows to enjoy the scenery otherwise.
usually spot-on service.
lots of tv's.  and they do love their hockey there.
and right now, they have my fave beer ever (monks sour flemish ale) on tap.  score.
I went here on a date. Date was bad but I'll preface that this does not cloud my gauge of the place. I've always walked past this place on my way to Priya hot yoga down the road on Sundays mornings and I could smell the stench of well attended bar from the night before (aka it was not pleasant). We ordered the nachos and they were OK, not my favorite, and I find it hard to mess up nachos so that was my first issue. The service was not the greatest. While I understand that the place was relatively busy, we were able to walk in at 630 on a Saturday and get seated right away so it's not likely it was ridiculous. The beer/draft list was pretty extensive so that's a plus if that's what you're into, however, I am not. I don't think I would come here again. It seems like it could be a fun place to watch a game and it's pretty well priced. But there are places closer to me that I would rather go to than here.
Dropped in on a Sunday afternoon to watch the football game. The buffalo wings hit the spot (though they had a little too much vinegar). Great beer selection - they had one of my favorites Belgian beers, Delirium Tremens. TV's all over (and a cool projector set up) made it a fun place to watch the game.
In summary, great.  
Plenty of outdoor seating, which I love.   If for some reason you can't get a seat outdoors, there is open air seating in the main section of the bar.  
The gastropub food has not disappointed but then again I've only tried the mussels (YUM!) and the chicken and brie sammie (lower case yum).  The $4.50 stoli drinks are what keep me coming back.  And heck the place is super convenient to moi.  Only downside,  smokers.  They don't smoke inside but the certainly smoke real close to the outdoor seats and I don't like my meals with a side of tobacco.
Kite & Key is my favorite bar in Fairmount for two reasons: great beers and really great food. They've always got unique tap takeovers. 

Top picks for food include the wings, diablo mussels (the broth is ridic), and nachos. The veggie burger is super rich (it's basically a deep fried homemade patty) and I've heard their regular burger is great too. 

Note: It's a big space but can get pretty loud. Ask for a table near the back if you don't want to have to scream over your friends. Also, you can now order food between 3 and 3:30 (the kitchen used to switch over, but now it's all the same).
A classic pub, all nice and open in the summertime. It feels welcoming.

And the jukebox is excellent. Something for everyone (and the group I was there with certainly had eclectic tastes).

I only enjoyed drinks in the bar area, but the menu looked awesome as well. 

The only thing bad I can say is that I'm very embarrassed and disappointed in myself that I didn't pick up on the Ben Franklin reference in the name sooner.
I tried this place the other day. It was pretty empty and the tall heavy set bartender was not very interested in taking my order.   He was busy chatting up some too young to date patron at the other end of the bar.   She looked uncomfortable and I really don't blame her.  and that is coming from a gay man.    I had the crab cake sliders and my boyfriend had the calamari.  The sliders were served on an unclean plate.  - if you can get over that disgust they tasted pretty good -not great.  Calamari was so rubbery it could have doubled as a bungee cord.  

If you want a good experience, don't bother coming here.
Kite and Key is a small tavern that immediately reminded me of Cheers. Dark woods, brass accents and an "everybody knows your name" vibe. There's high top seating, a communal high top table, the bar and regular table seating in the back with a deceptively large wall mirror that makes the space look double it's size. 

My dining companion Ms. Margorie G. and I were there for some quick drinks and eats before a Yelp Workshop. We decided on the nachos with chicken and the calamari. We were pressed for time but our drinks and apps came out very quickly.

The nachos were the agreed favorite with the chips being unlike any I've had in recent memory. They were thicker than most with a crispy but chewy texture. The calamari was presented in a way I also haven't seen before with the battered rings laying atop marinara sauce and topped with arugula. The calamari was fried okay but it simply lacked seasoning. 

That said, we both enjoyed Kite and Key and I would definitely recommend it as a hang out spot and would personally be back to sample their other menu items.
Kite and Key has some great beers, It's a really nice place to find at 18th and Callowhill, and the food is really quite good. It gets 4 stars from me, however, for the stellar customer service they provide. 

An example-- It was about 10:50 and I had a 45 min. break in an all-day staff meeting. It was about 95 degrees and the sun was baking (okay only 80, but i have a low heat threshold). I walked to my go-to staff-meeting bar only to discover they didn't open until 11:30!!!! What to do? Then I saw that Kite and Key's doors and windows were wide open and the tables were set up. I rushed over and inside, desperate for the relief from work-meeting-overload that only an ice cold beer can provide. It was immediately obvious that while it was open, it was not yet Open. I sadly and sweatily turned to leave, only to be stopped by the bartender's voice-- "Don't sweat it! What do you want? It's no big deal-- it's only 10 minutes." In less than 2 minutes I was seated under a kick-ass ceiling fan with a CHILLED glass ofdeliciously, refreshingly, ice cold, draft lager. (and that's a big deal-- those who know me know i avoid draft beers like the plague unless I know the barbacks). AND THEN, he put on Sportscenter without asking because he saw I was reading espn on my phone! Despite the fact that he was still prepping the bar for the day, he kept my glass full and remembered me when i came back for lunch with some co-workers a few hours later. And made a great joke about my dedication to my job when my co-workers returned to the meeting and I stayed. 

So the beer list is pretty high quality, even if it leans heavily towards Pale Ales and other sundry Hop-filled beverages. Prices are higher than I think they should be, but like I said, this is the kind of place the business people and bigwigs can walk to a business-quality lunch/dinner (if they work on this side of the parkway). The food is pretty fancy and absolutely delicious. 

What it comes down to for me, however, is that they were there for me in the clutch... and really, it's that they went out of their way to serve me and make my day better when they could have just shooed me away.
I recently went to The Barnes Foundation & the audio tour took forever!  My friend and went in search for a bar nearby.  We popped into Kite & Key and thought it was pretty good.  There was a golf tour on the TVs (of which there were many), so we ordered some beers and kicked back.  The place kinda smelled like chlorine/cleaning products, which wasn't awesome, but the food & service was good.  My friend ordered the burger & I had the steak sandwich.  Both came out really quickly & we liked the fries!  I'd go back again and try the mussels.  The place was pretty good.  No major complaints or praises.
Cute little place and busy, hostess and wait staff were polite. Two stars because I ordered the mushroom dip which listed every kind of mushroom, onions, cheese and roll on the menu but NOT the horseradish spread liberally on the roll. The horseradish is all I tasted. :( 
Waiter offered to bring me more "dip"? Not a different roll or to remake the sandwich. He said he'd pass along the info that the horseradish isn't listed on the menu and charged me full price.
My good friend and I recently threw a surprise 30th birthday for our two husbands here and we couldn't have been more thrilled with Kite and Key.  

We inquired with a number of places, so many required a guarantee or made you pay to rent space and were inflexible etc.  Kite and Key was so accommodating to us!  From the beginning Jim helped us plan a great menu and always got back to us really quickly.  

The night of was perfect.  They let us have multiple tables in the front of the restaurant where we set up some decorations and served our appetizer platters (which were so delicious, favorites off the menu but in big group size portions).  In addition to having guests buy drinks from the bar they had two waitresses that came through to take orders.  They were incredible, knowing 60+ peoples drink orders and so friendly when pushing through a rowdy crowd.   

The night was a great success and so much of it was due to our choice in Kite and Key.  It was low key and fun but the staff was so attentive and professional.  Can't wait to get back and get some more fried pickles!!
I agree that West Callowhill is in dire need of more places to hang out.  There are plenty of spots popping up all over the Fairmount area, this particular portion of street is like a big concrete blank spot next to the awesomeness of Sabrinas.

  Kite and Key is the first (of the more I'm sure will come) decent drinking spots over there.  We sat outside, which is slightly tainted by the emptiness of the rest of the neighborhood.  It was nice out, though, and the service was fast, friendly, and likeable.  Beers were cold and delicious, as was the wine.

  My girlfriend and I tend to severely judge bar food on the basis of wings and calamari.  Two staples of the happy hour appetizer experience and no place of business should have any real excuse for not perfecting such traditional staples.  We went with the wings for our first visit.  The big complaint about them is that they are those creepy full body wings that look like fried bats.  I'm a carnivore, but it just skeevs me out to break apart the joints of a chicken.  And the celery was the type you would pass over if you were shopping for it.  It was obviously old and poorly stored.  It's mostly garnish, but....

  My shrimp po'boy was pretty damn delicious, minus the overabundance of mayonnaise, and the gnocci was worth trying.  I caught a glimpse of the inside on my way to the bathroom and the interior looked nice.

  I think once they iron out some of their shortcomings and get some company on West Callowhill to create a little street life and ambiance, Kite and Key will be a really good time.
This place has the cutest name and based on that, I always wanted to go...so when my brother and his fiance asked me and my boyfriend to meet up for a meal, i was happy to oblige...

If you are going for beer you will be happy...if you are going for beer and mussels...you will still be happy....

If you are going for a decent meal...well, that is where the happy train stops...

My boyfriend is a steak and potatoes kind of dude...so obviously he went for the flank steak and french fried potatoes...at $17 for the plate, the meal was disappointing...I could read his mind as the waiter put the plate down...the steak was a joke...small in size, no sizzle, no seasoning...and to compensate, the amount of fries was comical and over taking the plate....3 days later and he is still talking about how unhappy he is...

My brother got the fish tacos...he said they were good, but he was still hungry after eating them...we ordered chips and salsa prior to the meal and the amount of salsa/guac given was also comical...meaning minuscule 

I ordered the tempeh sandwich...I knew it would be a roll of the dice, but I went for it since I felt like being experimental...I lost that round...the tempeh was good...but the spicy pickled veggie stuff on the sandwich was not....i picked apart the sandwich and ate the good stuff...

the mussels looked good...i think it was smart of them to focus on them on the menu...

The beer selection is good and decently priced....but since this place is out of my neighborhood, I doubt I would return...

the waiter we had was so so...he failed to bring stuff that we asked, and when I asked him a question about the tempeh sandwich, he didn't know it...he did offer to ask the chef, but I didn't want to bother...

It wasn't that busy for a saturday night...perhaps that should have been a sign...oh well, so much for basing a restaurant choice by its name...
2.5-3 stars..

It's an average little bar/restaurant with the regular bar food items that aren't great but don't suck.  They have an okay beer list.  

At least from what I got (the mussels), the portions here are pretty big.  There wasn't just a scant number, but a genuine heap of mussles that I couldn't finish!  

Also - don't sit outside.  At least during the warm season.  We did and the size of mosquitos here was pretty alarming.
The K&K is near my place of employment, so my coworkers and I have found ourselves there twice in the last month. We have tried both their regular and their Cajun french fries as well as the edamame. I was pleased to see that they had Magic Hat as well as the more fancy La Chouffe. Service outside is a little crazy, it was like our tables weren't assigned to one person, which meant that frequently one of the nice women would come by and ask us if we needed anything. This is good for a large group because we don't always drink at the same pace but, simultaneously, sometimes it's not that great to be checked up on so much.
3-4 stars - I will give them 4 as our service was excellent (we came on the Sunday night of July 4th weekend) and the food was surprisingly excellent.

Our party of 3 sat in the back dining room which was a/c-chilled to a crisp.  Bet that comes in handy on crowded nites - but it was DEAD at 6 PM on that particular Sunday.

We started with a DELICIOUS order of chicken nachos and they were served with blue corn tortilla chips, salsa, guacamole and a good amount of melted cheese.  YUM!

My friend ordered the grilled chicken (her usual - she's been 3-4 times and unlike other reviewers - she likes the grilled chicken here), my husband got the pork burger and I got and LOVED the (fried) fish tacos.  At 3 tacos per order for $9.50 - that was very fair.

The only culinary "oops" were the twice-fried french fries.  They were hard as rocks and cold.  Kinda greasy and blah tasting.  I bet they sat around due to the low-turnover night.  I bet they taste better fresh outta the fryer.  Too bad.

Oodles of beers on tap and by the bottle - even a choice "by the cask".  Hubby got a Blueberry wheat pale ale - which tasted great.

The chocolate beignets and other choices tempted us from the dessert menu, but alas, we did NOT order dessert as we were too stuffed to manage it.

Less pretentious (and less cutesy) than Pub & Kitchen - this is not a gastro-pub - it's simple bar food with a fresh tasting twist.

I live walking distance so I'll be back for sure!
Sunday Funday at it's best 

Let's start with the mussels... Yummmmmmmmmmmmm the Diablo and the Thai chili are delicious (parsley instead of cilantro for those of you that care), great spices and tons of broth, which is always good... And some tasty bread to sop up all the broth.

Also, a solid Bloody Mary, lots of horseradish and lemon, lime, olives, etc...... 

Brunch is solid, a good choice if the wait at Sabrina's is insane (which normally is true), OR, a great place to wait and have a cocktail or three before your table over there is ready! 

Ladies...bathrooms are clean and stocked, and the patio seating is great.

Lastly, friendly bartenders (and good looking) and good table service, just be aware... The kitchen closes 3-3:30.........so if you're on a run on Kelly drive and need some food...plan your long runs accordingly :) my friend and I spent the longest 30 min of our life waiting for some mussels one Sunday! We arrived at 3:05 :) and the mussels were still worth the wait.
Yet another underwhelming bar in the Fairmount/ Callowhill area. Great for having drinks chill bar and atmosphere. Food kinda sucks... We had the calamari and it was just a waste we barely touched them. We devoured the nachos not because they were good but because we were starving. The nachos were borderline bland. I'd only come back here to grab a drink in my comfy clothes. Staff was very nice, prompt, and attentive.
Yes I do like if for their beer selection, fine tv view, friendly beer servers,little above average for sandwhich, since that is only food I have had there.  They must get rid of those looking bad shoe string fries and bring in some monster streak fries.  Also make sure the fries are defrosted and cooked too.  Also great when all doors are open and it is warm outside.
Amazing bar! Fantastic rotating draft beer selection, not to mention the great bottle selection. 

Food - fried pickles are fresh, not frozen. Absolutely delicious. And the mussels... Holy wow! Get the Thai chile, sweet and spicy and super tasty. Good bread to dip too, although I also recommend a side of fries!

Awesome food, awesome beer, awesome crowd. I'll definitely be back!
I love Kite & Key! Their draft list is consistently amazing, with good variety. Not sure what to recommend since it changes so frequently, but there's sure to be something for everyone. Great for grabbing a drink at the bar or sitting down to eat with friends. I've probably been here 10+ times at this point. 

Highlights: They have one of the best veggie burgers I've ever had. I would highly recommend it. Flavorful and filling, it owns the veggie burger category by not trying to be a burger and just doing its own thing. Great French fries. Also try the quesadilla! 

Warnings: I've seen the cheesecake with mango on their special list a few times. I got it once and it was NOT good. It can be very loud indoors when it's busy, but there's also a lot of outdoor seating for nice days!
When I first walked in, I was greeted by the typical Philly bar smell of beer, vomit, and overflowed toilets but I ignored it because the place just looked so damn charming with the exposed brick and books lining the back wall.

With that said, I really only took a star away for the smell as well as our waitress' overall apathetic nature.  Besides this, I was pleasantly surprised.  GREAT beer selection.  The fried pickle appetizers were amazing. SO crunchy and big and served with a delicious chipotle dipping sauce, which is always essential.

I got the steak sandwich, which I expected to be roughly chopped and fairly small and also hard to chew which often happens with those kinds of sandwiches. But what I got was more like two thick cut juicy filets plopped on a fresh bun, complete with melted horseradish cheese and a spicy pesto.  I'll admit, the pesto and the cheese weren't both needed since it was a bit overwhelming in flavor but it was still so good and the steak was cooked perfectly, I overlooked it.  The side of fries were also really good- shoestring cut and super crunchy and salty.

I'd definitely go back on a day it's not raining so I can enjoy the widely talked-about picnic patio brunch and not have to endure the bar smell.
Was here at dinnertime on a glorious Thursday night and enjoyed the outdoor seating.  It was quite crowded, but the Phillies were on so it was a nice atmosphere.  I liked the colorful outdoor mural that spiced up this gray part of town.

Kite & Key is a great place to go for drink and socializing but I wouldn't go for the food alone.  The beer selection is adequate.  The staff is friendly and attentive - the food arrived quickly.  My shoestring fries were over-done and almost inedible.  The mixed green salad was just that, covered in vinegar and could have been a side portion.  Half-plum tomatoes were merely a garnish, but for the  price, disappointing.  

I have been here before and the nachos are good.  The cheese plate is great, but a bit pricey for the portion.   Didn't have the wings, but they looked and smelled delicious.

Overall, I would say this place is over-rated, but great for some after-work fare and happy hour.  Great place to watch sports with lots of seating to yak it up with friends.  As far as food goes,  if they can't step it up to to the nearby Sabrina's or Rose Tattoo, they should stick to pub grub and cater to the sports addicts.   Sabrina's & Rose Tattoo, walkable from there are two competitively nice places I would opt for if in the neighborhood for the food. K&K's great beer selection versus  the wannabe frou frou menu seem incongruent to the overall atmosphere.
Kite & Key is a solid neighborhood bar. I have been a few times and even when I walk by it is crowded. It seems like a very popular happy hour spot for the Callowhill area. The food I've had is pretty good, nothing special. I wouldn't really go for the food but if you're looking for a drink and a bite to eat this is a great place. 

I especially like that the front opens when the weather is nice and they have a good amount of outside seating. 

They also have an excellent beer selection with many choices on draft at a reasonable price. Food wise, I enjoy the veggie burger. It is the best thing I've tried here. I have also tried a few other items including the fried pickles which I thought were very average.
This is a cute spot if you live by the fairmont area! There is a cute indoor and outdoor section that has a great selection of beers and reasonably priced bar foods.  To start, we got the fried mozzarella because the waitress had told us they had just sold out of the calamari. They weren't anything to write home about as they came in an odd portion size without enough sauce.  Our waitress recommended the veggie burger for dinner.  I have never tried a veggie burger before, but because it was rated so highly, I decided to try it.  I did enjoy it, the patty was very flavorful and crispy.  The bun was so big and there was so much on top of the burger that the bites got overwhelming.  The wings were pretty tiny and not as meaty as some other bars in the city but the sauce was great!  Overall, this place is a smaller nice quick dinner spot if your looking for a beer, TV, and average bar food!
I've been here several times and have always enjoyed it.  Perhaps it was the good company.  And it's also the friendly, prompt, and competent service.  As well as the decent selection of interesting beers and wines (they also have a full bar, incidentally).

The food I've tried so far has been mostly the flatbreads or, as we call them, mini pizzas.  They had a nice crunch on the edges and tasted good.  Prices are on par with similar establishments.

They have a good mix of seating areas.  There are tables for various sized groups in the back, bar seating in the front (i.e., by the bar, where there are also screens for the television program du jour), and - when the weather is nice enough - outdoor seating where you can observe the street life of Callowhill avenue while sipping your drink (whether gin and juice or something else).
This rating is only for the service. I've been here twice for drinks but have not eaten here. The first time, we hung out at the bar and the bartender was cool and made interesting small talk and was willing to make recommendations. The second time we sat at a table and I loved our waitress. She was fun and welcoming and made jokes with us. There's a good combination of drink options and I took a peak at the menu and it looked like a good selection.
Had brunch ...
Polite and fast service. 
I thought the food was well presented and it came from the kitchen pretty quickly too. 
Seemed a bit loud, but it's a pub ... right?
Food was good overall, I don't get the 1-star reviews, I am a snob and found it all acceptable. We need more of this and a whole lot less Denny's. 
Beer with a bacon sandwich? That is winning my friends.
The food tastes good, nice menu and nice beer selection. Outdoor seating if that is your thing. Unfortunately there were cockroaches crawling all over the outside wall of the building and running around underneath our table. Sad to say that I will not be going back there now.
A pretty extensive beer list but no GUINNESS? Alright I will drink a Founders, but you lose half a star! and you lost another half star b/c your crab cake was all filler and no killer. And you lost a whole star b/c you had my hopes high when you had gravy cheese fries on your menu- yet you had the audacity to serve shoe string fries ?! But you had decent mussels.. whowhatafunk making mussel's buffalo style? You did Kite and cheers to that b/c adding blue cheese crumble and hot sauce to anything can only lead to good. Best mussels in the museum district- way better than Belgium Cafe's tasteless bowl of shelled shit, but not as tasty as Standard Tap's and Chickie and Pete's mussel and red sauce- which I could drink by the gallon. Their rendition of chili was interesting and pretty good- no beans and shredded meat. Overall a solid addition says I.
Simply ridiculous.
These guys have pretty much whatever you want. I've been here countless times, and I can say confidently, I've never had a bad experience. Not one. 
Beer -  Awesome craft beers.
Food - What are you looking for? They have food for everyone, and everything is pretty good. They have the best fried pickles in Philly and their veggie burgers are awesome.
Service - When it gets crowded, it gets a little slow. But they are great. And the bartenders are knowledgeable and fun.
If you're looking for a sit-down restaurant with fancy-schmancy linens and a chef in the back from Chopped, find another place. This isn't that.
But if you're looking for a great bar with good food and good beer, and people who aren't full of themselves, this place is great.
A group of us (about 10 people)  went here last night for a bite to eat and some beers after a dragon boat practice.

Wasn't too crowded and we quickly got a nice big table in the back. I ordered the Kite and Key burger and a Hennepin (sp?). The burger was a decent size and cooked medium as requested. It was covered in blue cheese crumbles and bacon that was cooked perfectly (not too crispy but not chewy). The bun was fresh and complemented the burger perfectly. Also don't spend the extra $2 for the fries-- the homemade potato chips that come with it are fantastic! Definitely good stuff! Comments about the veggie burger and gnocchi were also very positive.

Service was great even though we were a large party. We'll be back after the next practice I'm sure.
I've only ever been here for lunchtime/daytime, so I can't comment on the late night goings-on here.

The staff is always wonderful- kind and attentive and helpful. Beer refill-age happens quickly. And the food is genuinely good. Did I just say that I come here for lunch during the workday and yet know how quick beer refills are? Um. Nevermind.

The fries are delicious. The outdoor/up front tables are great. And the bathrooms- some of the nicest in the city. I always make note of bathrooms. 

And the name- how cute is that?
I tried this place the other day. It was pretty empty and the tall heavy set bartender was not very interested in taking my order.   He was busy chatting up some too young to date patron at the other end of the bar.   She looked uncomfortable and I really don't blame her.  and that is coming from a gay man.    I had the crab cake sliders and my boyfriend had the calamari.  The sliders were served on an unclean plate.  - if you can get over that disgust they tasted pretty good -not great.  Calamari was so rubbery it could have doubled as a bungee cord.  

If you want a good experience, don't bother coming here
Kite and Key offers a nice, unassuming place for a beer or a bite to eat.  Since it's off the beaten path, it wasn't too busy on Sunday night when we went for dinner around 6.  

We sat up in the restaurant area, where there are about 10 tables, and there is also a bar area right by the door with a bunch of high tops and bar space.  Apparently when it's not storming (as it was on Sunday night), they will open up the big windows in the front as well. 

I had the Franklin Burger, and the boyfriend had the chicken salad sandwich.  The burger was good, and served with a heap of french fries.  The chicken salad was pretty bad - it was completely dry, and was flavored way too much with lemon.  They should take it off the menu it was that bad.  For dessert, we tried the chocolate beignets, which were delicious.  They were brought out steaming hot and served with a white cream sauce and a dark chocolate sauce. 

I would love to go back on a nice summer evening to sit by the windows and have a drink.  Not an extensive menu, but it has a nice selection to satisfy your taste buds.
The place was pretty bad. I ordered a steak sandwich. I got a piece if meat with bread. The meat was not cooked medium and they left out the carmelized onions and chimicurri. Gracious server but they shouldn't have charged me for the meal when they mess up that bad. You can go there for a drink if you want but don't eat there.
Ended up at Kite & Key because my girlfriend just moved right down the street from it. We came on a Friday night and it was pretty quiet for a Friday. We grabbed a high top inside and ordered a round of drinks. They had a pretty decent beer menu, but nothing special. I had my eye on a cider then realized they were out of it, bummer. -- We ordered a couple apps to start. The buffalo chicken springrolls, edamame, and the diablo mussels (red). The mussels were really good and definitely spicy! Probably the thing i enjoyed the most. The Springroll was just okay and you can't screw up edamame. I ordered the veggie quesadilla for my meal, but was pretty stuffed from all of the above ^. The quesadilla was just okay too. I didn't realize it had corn in it (not a corn fan). Everyone else I was with enjoyed there meals however. 

Maybe I would come back for brunch!
After drooling over their menu for months, I finally stopped in to try them for brunch. The atmosphere & crowd had me considering bumping them up to a 3rd star, but alas, it was not to be.

The bloody mary was pretty good, but the food tasted assembled rather than prepared: bagged, canned, and jarred ingredients rather than fresh. They are mediocrity in gastropub's clothing and they certainly did not deliver value for the money charged. Much in the same way Chili's is not real mexican food, Kite and Key is not a gastropub.
Been here a few times. Nice beer collection. Good place to hangout with friends specially during summer with the outdoor seating. I really like their veggie burger with fries, flatbreads and wings. Nachos is good too but is a hit or a miss. I tried the squash soup for the first time and did not like it at all. Felt like I was eating broth without any flavor to it. Best to stick with Beers!!!
They might have the best mussels in Philadelphia -- the thai chili mussels are GREAT.  They have a good beer list -- I don't get down with beer much, but those that do seem satisfied.  Go for the beer, stay for the food, and walk home because the neighborhood is GREAT!
I went here on a lunch break with 6 other coworkers. We were able to get seated, eat our food, and enjoy each others company in an hour. I got the veggie pizza and it was tasty. It was a thin crust pizza with not too many veggies (I hate when a veggie pizza is bombarded with EVERY veggie known to man). Although I wasn't drinking I did take a peek and they have a great beer menu. The waitress was attentive and helpful when choosing what to eat. I enjoyed this place and it is just like it says - a pub. I will be visiting it again sometime soon!
Just tried this place.  Decent beer selection, mostly priced $5-$6 (more for the ciders, etc).  Small selection of dishes, but good food overall.  It seems like it will fit in well with the neighborhood.

The front doors open up to a large outdoor seating area, which is very welcome in the city in the summer months.

My biggest complaint is that there was nothing on the walls to absorb the sound, and it was very loud and hard to hear the waitress and other people at our table.
This place only merits a 3 star review because of the chill atmosphere of the bar. If you're looking for a good, flavorful meal, go somewhere else.

I came here for Saturday lunch with some out of town friends. We actually only came here because the wait for Sabrina's was deathly long and we were in an empty-bellied hungover state. The service was SLOW. The prices are somewhat high ($10 for a grilled cheese and bowl of tomato soup?!), and the food took an hour to get to our table. I think there was one waitress for the whole dining room and bar area. While she had a friendly demeanor, there was nothing she could do to redeem the misseasoned food and tortoise-like efforts of the kitchen.

The menu items were theoritically delicious, but were flawed in actuality. My friend ordered the breakfast burrito special, which was nearly ruined by the surplus of cilantro... and it was served with french fries. Really? Weird side for a breakfast burrito. I got the portabello mushroom buger which I found to be delicious. My boyfriend ordered the steak sandwich and said the seasonings were horribly off for a sandwich with so much potential, but the steak was good. Another friend got the Margherita flatbread, which was okay: the sauce was very sweet and semi tangy. The french fries, which I was looking forward to most were way too crispy and plain.

All in all, the atmosphere was neat, but the food and slow service were a deal breaker.
I wish I remembered our initial server's name so that I could give her 5 stars. She was the ONLY bright spot in this dining experience. 

My party changed tables so got a different server before we placed our orders; the experience immediately went downhill at that point. It was obvious that our new server didn't want to be bothered with a large party and it showed in the service. When we complained, the manager was even more indignant. 

To make matters worse, the food was mediocre, at best. No one really enjoyed anything that they ordered. No one had any alcohol so I can't really speak on that aspect of the establishment. Needless to say, I'll never step foot in there again.
I'm glad that this neighborhood bar is doing well, has a loyal customer base, and serves a variety of beer and exciting menu items. I was really happy to see it full of people on a cold Wednesday night in Callowhill. 

I ordered the veggie burger, which I saw was rated best in Philly at one point in time. It was actually really delicious and had great bread, a topping of mushrooms, carrots, and alfalfa sprouts, and a juicy inside. The fries were underseasoned and not crispy at all, and highly reminiscent of McDonald's fries. 

My boyfried ordered a medium rare burger and received a well done version that lacked much flavor, and was way too dry. We ordered two beers and ended up spending more than $40 on the meal after tip. For a pretty unsatisfying burger, that felt like a lot of cash to give up.

Since it's so closeby and has a nice atmosphere and beer list, I will most likely be back to try the food once again, but for now it's just a 3 star experience.
Whilst I am an outside dining fan, the space is plentiful. Whilst I am a dining and drinking fan, the service is spotty, and the food mediocre....Perhaps one has better service inside, but with a large outside space, service should be just as good. Perhaps I'll stumble there again after I've eaten and already have a buzz....
Went here on a date with my girlfriend, an I enjoyed my experience. The space is nice and huge with a good amount of seats even on a busy Saturday. Our waitress was very nice and would always hit our table to see how things are, so awesome service. The beer selection was really good from great craft to imports. The food was really good as well. My chicken parm sandwich was delicious, and I just dig shoestring style fries. Awesome place for dinner and a drink, so I suggest going here for both!
On a recent trip to the Whole Foods on Callowhill, the GF and I stopped by Kite and Key for brunch. While Sabrina's is right around the corner, the huge lines are always a bother (unless you know how the proper protocol - wink, wink) and it's nice to know you still have a nice meal at this pub.

Fried Pickles ($6)
Chipotle dipping sauce

We started off with the 'frickles' and were surprised when they came out so huge! The ones I've previously tried at other places are usually thinly sliced and crisp like potato chips. But these were great in their own right.

The crisply fried batter provided a nice heft that wasn't the least bit greasy, with the pickles adding an expected vinegary tang. The chipotle dipping sauce was on point with a bit of smoky heat that didn't linger. In fact, I caught myself dipping my fork in the sauce. Sorry I'm not sorry! 

Mixed Greens Salad with Chicken ($11.50)
Mixed greens, granny smith apples, goat cheese, roasted shallot & balsamic vinaigrette

The GF's salad was fresh and vibrant. The greens were well-dressed with a light vinaigrette. The grilled chicken was juicy and moist, with the tangy goat cheese and the julienned apples brightening up the dish. 

Kite and Key Burger ($10.75)
1/2 pound ground Angus beef, cheddar cheese, bacon, fried shoestring onions, toasted brioche, fries 

I requested the burger medium-rare and unfortunately, it came a bit over medium. Still, having previously had the burger here, I knew it would be well-seasoned enough that the patty would still be delicious. 

The crisply fried bacon, the non-greasy, perfectly fried onions, and the abundant cheddar helped to added heft to the burger. The brioche housed the burger well despite the number of ingredients. The accompanying fries were lightly salted, thin, and crispy.

So if you're by Callowhill and were planning on heading to Sabrina's, don't hesitate to consider Kite and Key for brunch. And of course, if you're looking for some drinks and snacks at night, they've got you covered there as well!
I have come to Kite and Key a few times before my last visit and decided - OK - I will try a few more food items before I do a review int he hopes that it would be a better experience than previous ones.  On past trips, I had the calamari, salads and today it was the Nachos with Edamame.  The calamari was a miss - under seasoned; the salads were passable, nothing special.  The Nachos were awful - no descriptors will be offered - just a microwaved mess. 

When I looked at previous reviews - everyone went with the Burger - if I happen to come thru Kite and Key in the future (trust me it won't be my choice - so if you see me I may be in a kidnapped situation..Help Me...LOL) I will get the burger.  

The two stars is because the bartender provided attentive service.
Solid bar food but nothing special. Their outdoor dining setup is great and if you want to head somewhere with a few friends on a whim, this is probably the spot. You seat yourself on their patio and order food to go. It took about 20 minutes for each order. The food was a little pricey but tasted fine.
I've heard that this place can be inconsistent sometimes, but if that is the case, they were on point the evening we came! 

We got fish tacos, veggie burger, and steak sandwich. The fish tacos were so crisp and perfectly flavored. The veggie burger came with TWO patties - I don't know if that is normal, but it was bomb. I am normally hesitant about ordering steak sandwiches because they can either be tough to chew, or be filled with cheap meat. However, neither was the case here - the steak was a thick cut, juicy, and tender enough to eat as a sandwich. 

Although they have craft beers on draft, drink options are kind of limited.

Overall, a very pleasant dinner.
I always find myself choosing Kite and Key during inclement weather. There's just something about their unique beer-offerings that sway me to stay for another round...and then another...and not feel so guilty about it, since where else do we have to be?

I've been to Kite and Key for brunch, lunch, and dinner. I've even sat outside on a warm-summer night and ordered $190 worth of Coronas, but that's not important right now. 

Their brunch is great, and they offer a variety of items that are also "lunch" options during brunch. They also offer daily soup specials, which is awesome -- especially if you choose to hunker down during a snow storm, as I do. 

Our server today was SO nice! I wish I remembered her name. She was knowledgable on every item on the menu, and her recommendation for a lighter-draft beer was on point! She also recommended that I order my grilled chicken sammy "Cajun style", just to add extra flavor to the sandwich. Done! 

I've also had their mussels, and they're delicious. They surprisingly have a variety of mussel-options available. I've had the sweet thai-chili and YES. It's always a good sign when all of the mussel-shells are open for you to dig right in, and plenty of bread to soak up that delicious broth.

Bottom line, I really dig this establishment because they have a ton of variety to fit any craving that you may have. You want mussels? Okay. You want peanut butter and jelly French toast? Sure! A bowl of chili? Why not. And what brunch establishment in Philly yields away from scrapple? Not here! They have it, too!
So came back and to update my previous 4 stars...this place is amazing! And try the dealing diablo mussels, do spicy and amazing...I'm spooning the broth out...amazing! And best crowd here is amazing for game watching...you can't have a bad seat in here. The bar staff is also on top of drinks...bonus! And they have updated the outside seating so if you want a chill great place to sit outside then definitely come here. 

And...they have for us gluten free folks, omission, greens Amber, and magners...double bonus!
Lots of outdoor (off the sidewalk) seating is definitely a plus. But the food was just okay, and the service was sketchy. Our server forgot to take our order, then we had to ask for utensils and plates when she brought us our appetizers. However, she was good at keeping up with our drinks, which is a good thing. The beers were delicious, in particular the vanilla bean porter I had was exceptional. And I generally don't like darker beers, but I also can't resist anything with a sweet flavor. The menu was unimpressive and I was hard pressed to find anything that was really appetizing. So I ordered a pork belly BLT. It tasted, well pretty much like a BLT with a thin pork chop on it. My bf's burger was bland, and the topping choices were limited. The best thing on the table was the huge bowl of mussels my friend got. They were tasty, even to someone not a big fan of the creepy, squiggly, multicolored mollusks, like me.

Kite & Key gets 1 star for beer selection, 1 for outdoor seating, a half for service and another half for food.
Places like this remind me to never order ethnic food where it's not usually the menu style. This place is more like a burger/bar joint. Thought I could indulge in their Saturday Brunch Specials. Boy was I wrong! Their chilaquilas and breakfast burrito looked fancy enough but was done all wrong and tasted terrible. Ugh, so disappointed but that's what I get for ordering Mexican food at an American restaurant. So disappointed.
Been there twice-my second time being tonight. The first time, a group of 10+ of my friends accompanied me there on a Sunday afternoon, and the restaurant was more than accommodating. The only problem was the smell of stale beer that permeated throughout the bar; but hey, it's a bar, so what should I expect? Everyone seemed to enjoy the food except me. I had the chicken tacos which seemed kinda bland. However, I must say that their beer list is impressive.
I didn't love it here.

The food seems decent, maybe a little expensive (almost 9 bucks for eight chicken wings) and I'd like to see a little more variety.  The website advertised daily/nightly specials but the 'specials' we were told about are what is already on the webiste menu.  Lame.

I'm not sure if EVERYONE (except us) in the restaurant ordered fish last night, or if this place always smells fishy, but it was bad.  Like low tide out on the wharf.
Kite & Key is a  nice little gastropub with a small dining area in the back. If you come early enough, it's pretty quiet, but after 730 it starts to fill up with bar goers and gets much louder.

I came for dinner and ordered a Fried Calamari as a starter and the Steak sandwich for the main course. You get a very gracious serving of fried calamari with arugula on top and a good amount of red sauce spread across it. A slice of lemon would have been appreciated, but that was not included. The large pieces were fried well and not too oily or heavy, I would say the amount of breading was ideal. The arugula was new to me and it added a great flavor to it, but then I personally just really love arugula.

The Steak sandwich was cooked medium rare and perfectly. It comes with a large serving of thinly sliced fries, again deep fried rather well. If nothing else, this place knows how to work it's deep fryer. The sandwich came on a large roll sliced in half topped with sesame and it was absolutely delicious. The Steak still had a nice pink center and the Chimichurri sauce complimented it perfectly. I was unable to finish the sandwich so took half of it home. 

A random side note, the fries were actually pretty good cold. Not something you find often.
Great little spot in Fairmount. They have a good amount of outdoor seating which is great for those beautiful summer days.  I've never eaten there so I can't speak to thier menu, but a great place to grab a drink with friends.
This place was tons of fun. Small, intimate, and reasonably priced. Food was excellent. We had lunch and I got the steak sandwich. Tasty!
Came here for the Firestone Walker craft beer event last weekend during Philly Craft Beer Express.  I also used to come here often, 3 yrs ago when I worked nearby.  Always thought highly of this place... has great food and pretty good craft beer selections on tap.

We ordered a few rounds of different Firestone Walker brews, as well as some others not on the specials menu for those in my party who don't like the heavy hitter beers.  Was nice they had several different selections to chose from.  For food, we ordered several munchies, hummus was delicious, the fried pickles were huge,  edamame was slightly over-cooked but still good, I didn't eat the wings but they smelled good, and the Thai chili oysters were also enjoyed by the folks at my table.   Several years ago, I remember eating a veggie burger that was delicious.  The calamari at our neighbor's table looked huge and tasty, so I"ll keep that in mind for next time.

Overall great place, sometimes service can be slow when they are slammed packed, but its OK if you're just there to socialize, drink some good beer, and eat some good food.   Tip: sit at the bar area.
OK, food is amazing. Great environment and great location. However, if you sit outside, beware of the cockroaches and mice! My friend and I walked to our table at around 8:30pm and saw a cockroach. Then, by the end of the night, we saw a mouse and about three cockroaches! The cockroaches were climbing up the walls! I am so disappointed, because I love this place.
Tasteless food. Service was ok. Person who brought our food seemed annoyed when we asked for ketchup. Fries seemed like they were microwaved, breakfast burrito had no flavor (even with the side sauce), potatoes were too salty.
We've tried brunch here twice when Sabrina's was packed out, and both times were mediocre at best.  I waited to write a review until we could give them a second chance.  

On the second visit, I had the absolute worst breakfast burrito I've ever come across.  It was egg wrapped in a tortilla with some bland enchilada sauce and cheese.  Why in the world would you only put egg in your breakfast burrito?  The guy next to me made the same horrible choice, and just jabbed at the egg roll for a while trying to decide whether or not to eat it.  The burger we got was so/so, but for being cooked perfectly, it still seemed a little dry.

The only thing worth eating on the brunch menu is the peanut butter and jelly french toast, but do not order the grape juice cocktail catastrophe that would appear to be a fine accompaniment on the brunch drink menu.  

The beer prices seem on par with everywhere else in the area, and the atmosphere is good.  I just don't see us giving it another chance with so many other options around.
Wanting to catch up with a friend I hadn't seen in a while and take advantage of the beautiful sunny day, I was interested in some outdoor seating for brunch. Kite & key has the perfect location to enjoy the nice weather. It is still within walking distance, but does not have much hustle and bustle like you would closer to center city - it was relaxing. I could have sat there all day. 

I ordered the Philadelphia breakfast sandwich that came with some awesome home fries. See photo ;) 

I still need to try the flat bread pizza! The next table over ordered one.  I was envious. I will be back to try it.
After stops at the penitentiary and Rodin Museum, wanted a quiet locale for a decent drink. Found this spot on Yelp for a good beer list and some finger food before heading back home.

Saturday evening and plenty of room inside. Going through the beer list they have every style of beer on draft ranging between $5-7. Also got the Cajun fries ($5) to share - heaping pile of heavily spiced fries served with a sweet dipping sauce. 

Best part about this place aside from the cheap fare was the jukebox playing nostalgic 90s music. Really made for a fun end of the night bar. Would like to come back to try some of the food and more local drafts.
Great beer selection. I've eaten here a few times for lunch/dinner and the food was decent, but not great for the price. It's a great location and the opening of the front windows' is awesome in the summer time - I'll totally keep going back for the beer and atmosphere.
Good beer selection, although, nothing spectacular. The veggie burger was a huge hit with family I was with. I had a roast beef sandwich and I wasn't impressed. The fish taco also wasn't very well liked. Atmosphere is something special. Very good in that regard. I'll try it again, as I believe this could be a fun spot for drinking.
Nice place to have brunch.  We were visiting from DC, and stumbled upon this place when the restaurant down the street (Sabrina's) had a huge line.  Key and Kite had outdoor seating with a GREAT WAITRESS!  Staff was top noch!  The mimosas were $5 each, and I was cool with that.  The food was average.. Peanut Butter & Jelly French Toast-- awesome, but heavy.  I had the omlette of the day, which was 'ight. 

visit and enjoy!  it is within walking distance of most hotels in center city.
Ordered the veggie burger for take out. Asked on phone that they use the brioche bun and hold the mayo. The man taking my order repeated it back to me so I felt confident I would get what I ordered. I picked up the food and when I opened it at my destination, the veggie burger was on a wheat bun with tons of mayo. I couldn't eat it and obviously couldn't send it back. 

Since a lot of vegetarians don't eat mayo, you would think this is something you should opt-in for. 

EPIC FAIL, Kite and Key.
After finding Doma and Sabrina's closed for dinner, we resigned ourselves to eating at Kite & Key...and were pleasantly surprised.  We started with an order of Edamame (generously sized portion that was perfectly salted) and then both ordered off the specials menu.  I loved the freshness of the Chickpea Salad and we agreed that the spicy, juicy chicken in the Blacked Chicken Club was great.  We'll be back...even on a night when the neighboring restaurants are open.
This was the best veggie burger that I have ever had. Not only was the patty itself completely delicious and juicy - not too thick and not too thin - but everything placed on this burger makes for a delicious (and extremely filling) meal. This is the only entree that I have had at the Kite & Key, but I always really appreciate how many vegetarian options there are - not just one default.

The fried pickles are good - a bit pricey for the portion, but if you love that kind of stuff - definitely worth it.

According to my companions:

Quesadillas are delicious - stuffed with delicious beef. The guacamole could use a little extra lime and salt, but that is easy to correct on your own. The taco salad is huge, incredibly intense, and delicious. The sauce is actually pretty mild, and pairs well.

Overall, this place is a great find. The portions are generous, the prices reasonable, and the location is convenient. The servers are all very nice and peppy - happy to answer questions, and they keep the refills coming at regular intervals. There is a nice mix of ambience - with a classic sports bar in the front, and quieter seating in the back of the restaurant.

We only went here because the line for Sabrina's was completely ridiculous (1 hour wait, for brunch) - and I am so glad we did!
They say when you are good at something, well, you keep doing it. That is not the case here. The kite and key had the best steak sandwich in the city until they took it off the menu. People traveled from all over and dealt with horrible parking for that sweet, sweet sandwich and now it's gone....RIP old buddy..#bringbackthesteaksammich
Went on a lovely and gorgeous Saturday afternoon which probably accounted for the crowd. The decor was nice however the noise levels were way too loud. I could barely hear my brother talk. Granted we were seated right next to a huge open window, it was still extremely loud. 

The food was disappointing. The calamari appetizer was generous but was average. I ordered pulled pork sandwich which was dry and tasteless aside from the jalapeno. My brothers burger which was their signature burger was dry, gritty, and lifeless. The cheese looked like dark orange and was dry and old. 

In regards to their fries, I would have preferred McDonald's. 

It ruined such a beautiful afternoon. Skip this place.
Ok. The GM is amazing. He took care of me and my family all night. 

The wine selections on blends were defiantly something I would dabble in when you get there. The GM (general manager) brought out some tasty samples of cheese, nuts, honey, and it hit the spot. 

I would love to come back here and try more of the food. The GM stated they are in the middle of a few changes for the better and making different menu options.

This place is perfect for a large, small, or date night. 
The lighting is low and gives you that hipster/hole in the wall/cheers atmosphere that made being at home feel. We sat next to the window near the fire place. They have candles lite throughout the restaurant that makes it really cozy and comfy.

If I was you "add": this to your to do's.

Enjoy!!!
I received and email from Jim of Kite & Key and I have to say,"thank you Jim." After reading through other ratings it seems the problem is service not discrimination. Sometimes people's bad behavior can be read wrong and from the looks of the reviews you should have staff training. Because of the Kite and Key Management and their response I will try Kite and Key again. Great work and thank you Jim.
I have been to this place a handful of times, and the only thing that I've eaten that was worth the calories was the hummus appetizer. Everything else on the menu is just meh. The service is also meh. I'd much rather stop in for drinks and to watch a game at the bar. Will pass on any food the next time I'm in.
If you work near Logan Circle and are spending your lunch hour actually eating lunch, Kite and Key is a Yeah.  We're talking quesadillas, salads, burgers and fried foods.  Bar fare.  Effective and efficient.  We were in, fed and out in under an hour.  The prices are reasonable and if you want to be outside, they have tables available.  I've walked by a few times since and on weeknights the place is busy.
I have always had "decent" meals here. Burgers and wings. Yesterday I took my 2 girls. We ordered wings, Nacho's, Steak fajitas and their new, Fried pickles. Well the wings were great. The Nachos (great chips!) were buried under a mound of guac, sour cream and salsa. They quickly became soggy. The "steak" fajitas had a few slivers of meat, its was a ton of onions and peppers. The fried pickles were a greasy glob of fried breading with a "McDonalds" burger size slice of a pickle. We shared one. The girls pronounced it "disgusting" as did I. I called the waitress and sent it back. We ate one of six. Well they never brought out another order and when I went to pay the 42.00 check the pickles were on there. I complained, nicely. They said They're out biggest seller and just because YOU didn't like them, we're not going to take them off the check. I said fine, then wrap my food to go. They said "we already threw them out". Arrogant and obnoxious. I surprisingly kept me cool and said fine. My business, that employs 28 people, right down the street will receive orders Monday to NO LONGER DO BUSINESS with Kite and Key. I hope you enjoyed "beating  me" for those $6.00 pickles. I'll never step foot nor order from there again. From now on, I'll stick to Sabrinas and the Rose Tattoo. Same block much better food. Just for the record, it's not the paltry $6.00, it's the principle
!!
Hip Hip Hooray for Kite and Key!

They have a lovely patio! I love what the owners did with the mural and the flowers... great ambience for a spring/summer's eve. 

The drinks flow and the service is great!  Our waitress was really great.... she had lots of good bs, and was very accommodating (by that I mean she unlocked chairs and brought more over as our group expanded.)  She was also very knowledgeable and loves her job.  Always nice.

They just switched up their menu, and I thought that the chicken/brie sandwich was a little dry.  Nice concept though.  The asparagus soup was delish... both in season and creamy!

oh- i almost forgot- I think the location is subpar for anyone who doesn't live in Fairmount.
The Kite and Key is a great bar and restaurant.  The atmosphere is upscale but casual.  It is the kind of place we feel comfortable going to for dinner, just a drink before a night out, or when we are in jeans and a tee-shirt and need a beer while out running errands.  Also, when it's nicer out, they have great outdoor seating and are dog friendly.    

The beer menu is great.  There are lots of options that rotate frequently, and usually they are not more than $6 a beer.   The food menu is pretty good for bar food too.  Don't expect gourmet cuisine, because it is a bar after all, but everything we've tried has been delicious.  Last night we split a hamburger, and there was not one morsel left.  We go here often, and I've never tried anything that I didn't like.

Last but not least, the service is always consistently friendly and knowledgeable.
It was ok. Beers were wrong, no big deal but how hard to get 4 beers right? Fries were cold and the roast beef sandwich with aged provolone was tasteless. Just no flavor at all. Kind of an overall meh experience. It was noon-ish on a Friday and busy but not insanely so.
Great Fish Tacos!
Who would've known!?  I moved here 2 & 1/2 years ago after spending about 5 years on the west coast.  The first thing I missed was the great mix of flavors found in the fish taco.  Logically, in the past 2+ years if I see a fish taco on the menu, described as the traditional baja style, cabbage, lightly fried white fish, pico de gallo, corn tortillas, lime... my mouth starts to water and I get my hopes up...but every single time I've ordered one in this city, I've been completely disappointed.   Frankly, I've oft times been grossed out by what has come out of many a kitchen, claiming to be a fish taco.

So, you can imagine my surprise when I had an good one, finally,  just down the street from my house.

I went to K&K for the first time this week to reconnect with the girlfriends...honestly we just picked it because it was a mid point for everyone.

The atmosphere was pretty quiet.  Not bad but not great either, with a decent beer list.  This place would be pretty unremarkable if it wasn't for the food.  Our hummus plate app was great, and the fish tacos did not disappoint.

So, as odd as it may sound, if you are craving something remotely close to the fish tacos you get in Southern California...Kite and Key is the place.
Good golly miss molly, what a disappointment this place was!!!

Went on a Sunday a month or so ago- it was around 4 PM as I recall. Plenty of inside seating. 
Place smelled like it was a brewery... you know, that smell ? Well, they don't brew there so I don't know what that was about. 

We were sat and it took about 15 minutes (they were dead) for a waitress to come. Ordered an iced tea and it tasted like coffee - which happens in restaurants when you don't clean your  brewer out. Ordered nachos and the veggie burger. Nachos are usually a safe bet, however this was pretty awful. A glob of melted cheese and whatever else was on there.. just really sloppy and carelessly made. The veggie burger was the pits, too. Just sloppily made, globs of mayo and the burger was not fresh or cooked well at all. The waitress has no clue.. sorry. I waited tables for years, and when you see the food coming back to the kitchen basically untouched, you DO something about it. When I mean "do",  I mean, um ASK the customer if they liked it, or would they like something else?  

It's totally the worst when you go somewhere hungry and leave pissed off and still hungry. I was especially looking forward to the veggie burger as I read somewhere it was a good one. 

I think the water was OK. There are literally a hundred + restaurants in Philly to choose from.
Boyfriend and I come here once a month or so, we live close and can always get a table. One of the best things about k&k is that the servers always remember us, especially Ericka (?) and she knows our regular drink orders and menu orders. Very casual place and I'm not crazy about the crowd, but we do always feel comfortable there. 

HOWEVER---after having no less than 12 pulled pork sandwiches and 10 or so burgers (over the course of a year), I will confidently say that the pork/burger is always good --but those brioche buns are awful! Either always taste super stale, too 'airy' (?) or...just cheap. So, k&k, Like, just skip the whole brioche thing - and get high quality hamburger buns from any one of the bakeries in town.  We'll all be a lot happier
Went with the family after a day at the Franklin Institute.  Good selection of craft beers.  The menu was complete with a good selection for the kids. Steak sandwich was very good. Service was fast and polite.
