In "knead" of that perfect bagel? Come here!! Got the togarashi bagel with cilantro lime cream cheese after reading a few yelp recommendations. Had absolutely NO idea what togarashi was when I ordered it but my tastebuds were pleasantly surprised. Turns out Togarashi is a spicy (very mild) Japanese powder made from dried chili pepper. YUM!!

I can't believe it took be almost two year to make it over to this place but so excited I did. PLUS they have a deal - buy a 1/2 pint cream cheese for $6.50 and get 6 bagels free after 1:30 - closing!!
Full disclosure: I'm Philly's biggest bagel trash talker. Most of the Philly bagels can barely be considered bread with a hole. 

Knead Bagels is one of those few (and far between) exceptions. The bagels have fresh and doughy insides and crisp outsides, similar to those found in New York.

The added appeal and ultimate differentiation is the unique bagel and cream cheese flavors. Today's special was a Za'Atar bagel with spicy artichoke cream cheese. A few weeks ago it was a Nigella seed bagel with pineapple curry cream cheese. They aren't just creative flavors, they are quality. 

You will catch me breaking my Philly bagel boycott when in Washington Square at Knead.
Knead Bagels is...to put it simply...absolutely awesome!
The bagels are fantastic, which in Philly, is not an easy feat...if you have ever had a NJ or NY bagel, nothing compares...but Knead is great and a wonderful bagel option in Philadelphia.  In my opinion, Knead has some of the best bagels I have had in the city...please keep in mind that I love bagels and am very picky about them.

Staff is super friendly, helpful and efficient.
Even if there is a long line (which there often is) you do not wait too long, they clearly have a system that works to get their customers taken care of.

On to the food!
First of all, they have delicious bagel spreads that are creative and tasty!  They have a standard menu of spreads, but they also often have specials that rotate. They also have a nice selection of bagel flavors that even include vegan options.  

My absolute favorite item to get is an everything bagel, toasted, with Roasted Tomato Cream Cheese.
I often crave this, and it is such a satisfying breakfast without being too much or a heavy meal.

I also really enjoy their Poblano Cream Cheese, Plain Cream Cheese, and some of their specials (if once strikes my fancy).

Another combo I thoroughly enjoy is the Lavender bagel with the Vanilla Honey Cream Cheese.  This is basically dessert in bagel form and oh so decadent and delicious without being too sweet that it is over powering.  I can usually only eat half of this though.

Their Lox Bagel and Whitefish Bagel are also always a solid choice.

Their orange juice is also super refreshing.

Prices are pretty reasonable, I have always had a good experience here.  I highly recommend!
Lavender bagels with cinnamon butter spread? YES, 
PLEASE. I love that they're fresh to make and when they run out, sucks to be you.

I would've taken a photo but since I was super hungry, I can happily take a radiograph of my stomach but it wouldn't do much justice.

The prices are reasonable and the area is well kept and tidy -- the staff are very helpful and accommodating. The female at the counter was very sweet!
We hit Knead Bagels a few weeks ago and I liked my breakfast very much. I always order the same thing at bagel shops - everything toasted, with veggie cream cheese, bacon, tomato and cucumber. This is what I ordered at Knead but was told they don't serve tomatoes off-season. Fair-enough! I opted for their roasted tomato cream cheese to give the flavor I wanted. 

With coffee and a bottle of water, the price rang in less than what I'd spend at Spread but more than South Street Bagels, which is fine. Everything was very tasty and I'll definitely go back when I'm in the area at breakfast time again.
Cleaver name. Pretty good bagels. I'm somewhat biased since I at one time lived in North Jersey and had simply the best bagels within walking distance...but I digress. 

Their online ordering is simple and easy. Place it and it's ready in no time at all. You can't enter but there is someone at the front that will get your order for you. Washington Square Park is right across the street. On a nice day, it's perfect to sit here and enjoy a bagel...even though I can enjoy a good bagel anywhere. 

My Togarashi w/lime scallion cream cheese was a unique combo. The bagel is a good size - not too big, not too doughy, but tasty enough. I wasn't sure about the scallion/lime combo but it works well. And they are generous with that cream. 

Definitely different than the Jersey bagels I am used to but I liked it. I'll leave the cheesesteaks to you Philly, just leave the bagels to Jersey ;)
WE FINALLY HAVE A GREAT BAGEL PLACE IN PHILLY.

If you are like me, and know there's no better way to start your weekend than a hot breakfast sandwich, you need Knead in your life. My go-to order is a bacon, egg & cheese on a togarashi bagel, which comes with a delicious Knead aioli spread. The slight kick of the chili pepper spice on the bagel contrasts perfectly with the creamy aioli and the bacon is thick and crispy (as all bacon should be). There's also an option for turkey bacon if that's what floats your boat!

They also have freshly squeezed OJ which is delicious!

PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT: they also deliver. If you are too lazy to get out of bed, they will deliver your hangover cure right to your door via Caviar, starting at 9 am. There is nothing better.

Another insider tip: Follow them on Instagram for daily specials and food porn! @kneadbagels
Forget about bagels as you know them. This place is life changing. They specialize in epic bagels  and amazing spreads. You may not even be aware how much you really knead it. 

Every day they have a special bagel spread pairing and I highly suggest you try it. 

If you are a simpler person they also cover the basics. 

For breakfast sandwiches no one else compares. They make all of their sausage in house and their aioli is gods gift to man. 

Michael works at the front and always has a great suggestion if you are feeling adventuress. 

If you come around closing they run an epic deal of any spread comes with a half dozen bagels.
I woke up Saturday morning feeling, as my Carolina friends might say, like death warmed over. I spent the first half hour of consciousness sending whiny Snapchats and wondering, David After Dentist-style, "Why is this happening to me?" But then, something magical happened. Something that social media, god bless it, made possible. The folks at Knead Bagels, a new bagel joint at 7th and Walnut, tweeted out a photo of a bagel covered in schmear. I knew what I had to do.

As I'd been eye-ing Knead for some time now, drawn to the exciting bagel flavors and intriguing cream cheese options, I had a feeling this was just what the doctor ordered. I begrudgingly donned all the rainy cold weather attire needed for a miserable winter morning and headed out the door. A woman with a mission.

The space is open and almost rustic. Think wood, think chalkboard menu, beautiful art on the walls. And though my tastebuds were piqued by options like pastrami spice, togarashi, fennel seed & sea salt, flax and chia seed bagels.... scallion lime, kimchee, roasted tomato, and balsamic cherry cream cheeses.... I knew what I needed.

I squirreled my special bagel back home to be enjoyed on the comfort of my couch as I watched something dumb and mindless on TV. The verdict?

MEDICINAL. Momentarily disregard the bags under my eyes and realize that these bagels.... I'm fairly certain they've got healing properties. Because as I consumed my nigella seed bagel, full of burnt onion flavoring, and the hearty bacon-filled cream cheese (spice and sweet, oh yes), I felt rejuvenated from the inside out.

They deliver (but check your location, first) and the prices are totally reasonable. Knead has won my heart and my tummy. Philly (k)needed a new bagel spot, and Knead delivered.
So I love a breakfast bagel.  I've been to pretty much every bagel spot in Philly, and this place is a total game changer.  I've read some of the reviews where people are arguing that they're not "NY bagels."  Yes, just as this is NOT New York and I don't really see the relevance.  Often New Yorkers hold their bagels in the highest category, but what is good is good.  Knead is good.  

I've been here three times since finding this spot.  They have AMAZING non-traditional sandwiches.  I think the label of "non traditional" right on the menu shows that they're not trying to be the typical bagel spot.  They have some really awesome flavor combinations that cannot be beat.  It's great for the vegetarian (like myself) who loves flavor but can't get the bacon on their sandwich.  They have some lentil combinations, tomato (delicious!) and lemon goat cheese.  The owner rung me up the first time and suggested I added Kale to a sandwich which was delicious.  Fear not if you do eat meat, they have plenty of options that looked great as well!

My favorite part about this spot is that the bagel is light and fluffy.  Sometimes you have a bagel sandwich and feel like a heart attack is coming on, or your stomach might burst.  This is the exact opposite.  You feel satisfied and the taste actually lingers in your mouth long after you walk out.  We were both very impressed.  Prior to this my spot was Spread in Rittenhouse, but I've made the change.  

One time I was here on a Saturday and it was a bit crammed, but the service was still very fast.  I did ask a server if they had hot sauce which she responded "no."  The owner interjected and said that they did.  I think these small issues will be ironed out.  Remember, they just opened a couple of weeks ago.  

Bottom line: its affordable, delicious, experimental, new, vibrant, and ADDICTIVE.  Check it out!
I was torn between a 2- and a 3 star rating but overall the service was the tipping point. 
First the good:
The everything bagel is great and the lemon goat cheese spread was super tasty. The tomato and goat cheese soup was good but it was missing something. I can't figure out what it is but it just seems to not quite hit the mark. 
Now onto the bad;
the service-I get it, it's a hipster place but this is kind of a business area between the office buildings and the hospital and doctors offices. People need to get in and get out. Take a cue from El Fuego next door, you can move people through pretty quickly. Weekends might be a different story but catering to the week day breakfast on the way in and a quick takeout lunch is key.  The girl who took my order was possibly on xanax or valium or something that slooooowwwwedddd her way, way down. She left my money on the counter. The other girl seemed a little more together but she was flirting with a customer who was explaining the finer art of using an espresso machine (I was there for a good part of the tutorial..) 
The Price-
A bit steep for what it is- steep enough that I don't think I'll be in every day.

I know that this place is new, new and going through growing pains. I want nothing more than to see it succeed. Address the service issues, adjust the price point/ value for the price and I don't see why this place can't make it. I will revisit in a month and see where they are and reevaluate.
I live a stone throw away from this place and it felt criminal that I hadn't tried Knead Bagels yet. Was super excited and came in on a rare weekday morning when I wasn't at work. I tried the much recommended Togarashi Bagel with Scallion Lime cream cheese but didn't get it heated, which is something I generally prefer. Can't say I was super impressed though - the cream cheese was extremely lime-y and the bagel was nothing extraordinary. 

Given the extraordinary reviews, I'll probably be giving this place another shot (and definitely toasting my bagel). For now, 3.5 stars.
One of the newest additions to Philadelphia, and it is good news. First class and top quality bagels that is still under the radar.

It was tough to choose, we were so tempted to buy a dozen of bagels, and so we did- a dozen of different varieties and we got an extra one for free.

Their bagels specialties includes black sesame, pastrami spiced, everything, poppy seed, and cardamom bagel, my favorite- that should be their calling card with the exotic flavor, absolute perfection!
Along with the insanely-good cream cheese spreads and schmears from the plain cream cheese, to the flavored ones i.e:  roasted tomato, cinnamon raisin and the scallion lime cream cheese, which was a vote-winner. If you're feeling adventurous, I suggests their smoked chopped liver cream cheese!

The bagels were rich, glossy with a golden glow, and always fresh out of the oven. Crispy and crunchy from the outside, dense and chewy from the inside- no need to be toasted and make one of the most perfect bites! What a delight! 

A swab of fresh cinnamon raisin cream cheese on a cardamom bagel bagel is hard to beat. Knead Bagels you nailed it!

Four and half Yelps!
Sunday morning early-waker-upper over here got herself this breakfast sandwich today, and MMMWAH! 

(Does the chef style kissy-fingers gesture into the sky)

Once again it was tasty business. 

I'm here to tell you all about one of my favorite breakfast sandwiches happenin today: It is the Kale and Smoked Gouda Pimento Egg Sandwich. I get it on an everything. I think it's just crazy delicious. 

We've been steady sampling the non traditional, extra inventive bagel pairings and have definitely enjoyed, while repeating, "Hmmm, interesting, interesting..." to an extent that most human people would have to find insufferable. I liked the kimchee cream cheese, but I haven't felt a calling to buy it by the vat...as I have with some of the others.  

Always with the interesting specials, this place. The besssssst one for me, so far, was that ramp cream cheese that happened this Spring. Green, green with tons ramps and you could taste some good olive oil and a lil lil sea salt. The texture was luxurious. I'm just telling you the truth. "Buy it by the vaaaat," the voices whispered.

I keep coming back to that breakfast sandwich, though, and I'll tell you the magnet draw. Yeah, again I'm gonna go on and on about a cream cheese concoction. 

It's the red-orangey pimento cheese, smacked with smokey Gouda. It turns out to be your baconish flavor component of the morning, in cream cheese form, paired with the scrambled egg and lightly sauteed kale up in the sandwich. It's flavor-packed, and all warm and soft, and yet still appropriately dense with bagel chew. It's so damn good. I repeat, the smoked gouda pimento cheese spread is an excellent invention. And I love it.
What a find! My husband and I stumbled across this place while walking to the Liberty Bell. We hadn't had much luck with random restaurant selection the day before so we picked Knead because their was a line of locals outside and we assumed it would be a good choice. We assumed right! The service was friendly and helpful to first timers. No dine in but they walk your food outside to you when it's ready, and it comes out fresh and hot. The aioli was to die for!!! The food was as delicious as the photos... no not staged it truly looked this amazing! Would definitely be back.
I always feel guilty writing bad reviews, especially for new places where entrepreneurs with a dream have poured their heart and soul into a place... but for that very reason, and because I'd really like to see this place succeed and get it right, I feel like I have to write this so they can work out their opening kinks and I can come back and amend my review.

First and foremost it's important I mention the bagel itself was very tasty (and good coffee too!), despite the fact that it wasn't what I wanted/ordered.  This is where I have my issues.  I had my heart set on an everything bagel, but when I got there at noon I was told they were all out of everything bagels.  Very disappointing since it's the most popular kind of bagel and they didn't seem to make enough of them for a Sunday.  Fail.  But it happens, even the most seasoned bagel places run out of everythings on busy weekend days from time to time.  So I'm like, fine, I'll have poppy instead with egg whites and cheese.  Unfortunately I took my sandwich to go and when I got home I realized I was given a plain bagel with regular eggs!  Then I thought well maybe they don't do egg whites -- which would've been fine, but if so this is something that should have been mentioned to me when I asked for the egg whites in the first place. Nevertheless, again, despite it being the complete wrong order it was a very good bagel sandwich.

My second complaint is that when I went to pay with my credit card, the cashier turned the computer screen into my face and there I was presented with different tip options for my yet-to-be-made sandwich.  This really rubbed me the wrong way.  Tips are designed to reward good service, which I am not in the habit of doing before said service has been rendered. I ended up tipping 15% because a) they're all new at this and I felt badly, and b) I felt pressured into it as the girl stood there and watched me. I really wish they would remove this option, it just makes customers feel uncomfortable.  I usually drop some change into a tip jar if there is one, but being watched as I choose to tip or not to tip is just plain awkward.

In summation... I'll definitely be back to this place, but I guess I'll have to get there earlier to get my everything bagel, and I'll have to watch them like a hawk to make sure they get the order right....andd they're not getting tipped until they do! :)
A native Jersey girl, this is the only place I've been to in Philly that has comparable bagels to jersey bagels. Ive has the lavender bagel with vanilla honey cream cheese, and I loved it. I've never had a superfood bagel, which has chia and flax seeds, and was eager to try that today. I ordered the kale and smoked Gouda pimento egg sandwich on a superfood bagel, and spent $7.00 with the hopes that it would be worth it. There were few Yelp reviews on this breakfast sandwich so I was a little hesitant to order it. 

This breakfast sandwich was the best breakfast sandwich I've EVER had! The smoked Gouda pimento was so rich in flavor, and the kale was fresh, soft, and shredded. The egg was interestingly thin, like plastic wrap thin!, and wrapped around the kale. Any thicker and I don't think I could've finished the sandwich! It was very filling and tasty, and all the healthy ingredients made it all the more delectable and enjoyable. Definitely getting this sandwich again.
I think I'm addicted to this place. I'm constantly craving it. I've tried 4 different types so far and I've liked 3 out of the 4 and love 1.

Lox on everything bagel - my absolute favorite and my addiction. The lox is amazingly fresh and so delicious. The extremely thin slices of onions pair perfectly with it and doesn't over power it. Cucumbers are also a nice touch on this. Just writing this makes me want to go now.

Homemade sausage egg n cheese with aioli sauce - also so good! Everything was very fresh, but it is on the greasy side, so make sure you have a handful of napkins.

Scallion lime cream cheese on togarashi bagel - my husband did not like this bc the scallions stood out too much for his liking, but I really enjoyed it. The line and scallions are a perfect combination and having it on a spicy bagel topped it off. Whomever came up with the combinations here had a great palette.

Smoke white fish spread - this is my husbands favorite but I wasn't that fond of it. I felt it was a bit too strong for my taste.

Can't wait to be back. I do wish they were open Monday so I can get my beginning of work week fox.
Amazing fresh bagels that are perfectly toasted yet soft and full of flavor: that's what Knead delivers. I came on a Saturday morning to pick up a dozen of bagels for a coworkers meeting for $13. I asked for a variety and we got black sesame, everything,  poppy seed, fennel seed & sea salt, flax & togarashi (which is actually spicy...yaass). I picked the garden vegetable cream cheese and the lady recommend the vanilla honey as well for a savory and sweet option. They were about  $6.50 / half pint, not $3.00 which was not written clearly on the blackboard (it threw me off guard when my total was $27).

The service was quick, 5 minutes and I was out. Everyone at the meeting loved the bagels and couldn't stop eating them. The cream cheese qas so delicious that I wish I wasn't so full so that I could continue eating.
Definitely try this place !!
I am going to give the lavender a try next time :)
This. Is. The. Best. Bagel. Shop. In. Philly. 

They have traditional bagels and spreads but also more thoughtful, creative fare as well. The menu changes pretty regularly too. Get the goat cheese and honey cream cheese. Amazing
Back in after going a couple of weeks without my beloved bagels.  I had a serious craving and stopped in today.  My taste buds have been thanking me all day.  They have a special lemon cream cheese that's slightly sweet and to die for right now.  

They've also switched up a sandwich from this "non traditional list" and added a blood orange cream cheese.  I dig everything about this place.  There's some serious creativity going on here, but not at the expensive of taste which is quite hard to find.  

I saw for the first time that they have salads today.  I'll have to go back for lunch.
Recently saw Knead featured as one of the best brunch spots in the city - and knew I had to make my way there ASAP. Today was the day, as I only come into the office on Monday and Fridays and Knead is closed on Mondays. Just headed over with the early bird crowd (they open at 6:30am ScOrE!)

Love the set up of the shop - cute but not over the top cute!  I ordered the smoked salmon bagel and it is deeeelish.  

I work at 9th and chestnut and passed 4 spots to grab a bagel on my way to / from knead (Dibruno, DD, Starbucks, le pain quotidien) - but I must say , this sandwich was totally worth it.  Looking forward to my visit next Friday, when I will be trying the whitefish bagel and the fresh squeezed OJ!!!
I've only been to Knead once, but I feel pretty confident handing out a 5-star review.

I went with the Togarashi bagel with scallion lime cream cheese. Oh man, talk about a unique bagel that makes you redefine what "bagel + cream cheese" means. The bagel was soft, doughy, and had a hint of spice from the Togarashi. The cream cheese takes you by surprise - the flavors of the lime contrast with the scallion, but it all works.

My boyfriend ordered the Za'tar spiced with lemon honey cream cheese. When I took a break from my bagel and tried his, I was blown away by just HOW unique each bagel was. The bagel and spread were more subdued and a bit less in-your-face. The cream cheese was light and bright, thanks to the lemon. 

I'm not sure if the person we ordered from was the owner or not, but he (and the rest of the staff) were nothing but friendly, caring, personable, and genuinely happy. Service was super quick and easy-going.
This is a place where you can let your bagel freak flag fly.  So many interesting combos it would take a long time to try them all so dont be afraid to get creative with your oder.

Today I tried the Lox on a togarashi bagel with scallion and lime cream cheese.  It was the perfect combo of smokey, salty, tangy, and creamy.  The bagel itself was nice and fresh, had a nice texture and was soft and light on the inside. The togarashi spice left just a bit of heat on the back of your throat and the flavor wasnt muttled down by the cream cheese The prices are also pretty reasonable especially on the sandwhiches.

I'll definately be back to try other combinations.
Good for: casual breakfast/brunch, interesting bagel flavors
Beware of: limited seating, long wait times during busy hours

The bagels are really the star of the show here. Most of spreads that come with it are cream cheese based, with a good balance of sweet or savory spreads. Knead recommends the bagels untoasted, and the outside has a nice chew while the inside is fluffy. I've never been disappointed by a bagel flavor here, although special favorites include the togarashi bagel and poblano cream cheese (not that spicy). 

There is a special bagel flavor + spread everyday, which usually sells out early. Overall, would go here again if I'm craving interesting flavor combos and something between a snack and a meal.
Cheri, the co-owner of Knead Bagels, is awesome!  She took great care of a large catering order for a class I taught on Saturday.  The students loved the bagels and my friend who is a bagel sandwich expert said it was the best bacon, egg, and cheese he had ever eaten.

Cheri gave us some super cool spreads like blood-orange cream cheese.
I had been wanting to try this place forever and finally stopped in on Sunday to grab some breakfast. I ordered an everything bagel with vegetable cream cheese and got P. a sausage egg and cheese on an everything bagel. The people working the counter were very nice and friendly and the food was freshly made to order, but they got it to me quickly. They recommend not asking for a toasted bagel as theirs are freshly made, and I have to say I didn't miss it being toasted because it did have a nice snap to bagel when I bit into it. My only gripe is that the best everything bagels have salt on them and this one didn't. But the veggie cream cheese was good and I was happy. My husband's sandwich was very tasty too. In addition to your standard SEC it came with a garlic aioli, which was an interesting addition. He really liked it. 

Bottom line I would get something from here again if I was in the area.
I need Knead in my life every day. Their bagels and spreads are so fun and unique that I really can't get enough. Although their dough isn't the best I've had, it's still pretty decent. 

What's nice about this place is that they recommend certain spreads with certain bagels, so you're not completely lost when trying to choose which bagel to get. My personal favorite is the togarashi bagel with scallion lime cream cheese. The Togarashi seasoning adds a nice Asian spice to the bagel and is balanced out by the tangy cream cheese. Anything with the sweet potato curry cream cheese is also fantastic. 

One downside: they close every day at 2pm, so if you're craving a bagels for a super late brunch, Knead is not the place for you.
Best bagel in Philly.  Normally i don't care for clever tweaks on a classic, but the scallion cream cheese has a hint of lime that haunts my tastebuds.
What makes this place so cool is how unique the cream cheeses are. If you're someone who loves food that is different and unique, you'll love this place as a cheap and quick way to switch up your breakfast in such an unexpected way! The scallion lime cream cheese is heavenly, as is the vanilla honey. The bagels themselves didn't blow me away but the cream cheese flavors sure did! I will absolutely be back to try the poblano cream cheese. I love this place so much and would recommend it to anyone who wants a change from the boring old plain bagel and cream cheese!
Philly has overpriced Montreal-style bagels, chain bagel stores that always leave you wanting more cream cheese, and plenty of places that recommend toasting the bagel to ensure the best taste. I've been waiting for someone to bring good bagels to Center City and Knead Bagels leaves me waiting no longer. 

I came here on a Saturday morning around 10:30 and was surprised it wasn't a mob scene. I love that they offer both traditional and non-traditional bagels and cream cheese flavors. I tried the black sesame bagel with kimchee cream cheese and Dining Partner had an everything bagel with lox, onion, cucumber and plain cream cheese. The bagels were incredibly soft and fresh. After we devoured our bagels, we also both split another everything bagel with plain cream cheese. The bagels were a good size and they didn't even come close to skimping on the cream cheese. I ended up buying a half dozen to take home and they even included a freezer bag. Fast friendly service at the counter, reasonably priced, and now officially my go-to bagel spot in Philadelphia.
Having had a really solid breakfast sandwich at The Bakeshop on 20th, I was looking forward to a point of comparison at highly acclaimed Knead Bagels - they delivered. 

Star 1: How were the service and atmosphere?

There's quite a bit of construction around the front of Knead Bagels, but don't let that deter you. The inside is up and running, the staff are friendly, and the service is quick. Star Granted. 

Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?

Breakfast sandwiches are traditionally cheap, which is partially what makes them so great. That being the case, I was a bit taken aback when my Pork Belly Bagel sandwich came in at $8.00. Having said that, my fears were alleviated when I saw the size of this sandwich, which was enough for a meal and a half. Star Granted. 

Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?

Wow. Where do I even start? The everything bagel wasn't the best I've ever had, but that was quickly made up for by wonderful coffee-cured pork belly, red onions, egg, cheese, and barbecue sauce. It all came together brilliantly. Dual Stars Granted. 

Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?

A great breakfast sandwich. Not overly superior to The Bakeshop on 20th, but a great option. No Star Granted.
Time for an update. This place actually doesn't have very good bagels....when eaten on their own. I have gotten a dozen bagels here and there for work and generally people are pretty unimpressed. What keeps me coming back here is the outrageously amazing things they put INSIDE the bagels. For example, the bacon egg and cheese is simply the greatest thing I have ever eaten. Get extra bacon. And DONT say no to the aioli it's the best part! I have also Had many of their specials and other sandwiches and all are delicious. They are creative and use very good ingredients. So maybe making the "perfect bagel" just isn't their goal....come here for the bagel sandwich creations, avoid just getting a  bagel with cc as you may be disappointed.
Wandering around Washington Square West area last Friday in between appointments and couldn't think of anything I was in the mood to eat. I was drawn in by the $9 lunch special and a need to get out of the cold. I was not disappointed - in fact, I think is one of the best deals in the area.

I'll mention that this is the 3rd time I have been here and every time I am more impressed with the food, the staff (SO HAPPY) and the price. They have a wide variety of bagels. My $9 lunch special (roasted broccoli, harissa, goat cheese) was on a togarashi bagel which has a little kick that went great with the harissa. Also included was a generous portion of chick pea salad and a drink - in my case a much needed 16oz coffee. All of it was SO good. 

Previously I have gotten breakfasts here - egg and cheese is on point. The everything bagels are flavorful - loaded with garlic and poppies and, well, everything. The fennel bagel with tomato cream cheese was amazing. I was skeptical at first but it tastes just like a pizza!

Stop in and try it for yourself. You will not be disappointed.
I bought 1/2 dozen bagels on a Sunday morning a little before noon, and they were already leaning toward staleness. Also, they wanted to charge me extra to slice them for me. Weird. And finally, I guess I'm just spoiled by Grindcore House, but having a couple vegan topping options would be really good for business (if you build it, we will come). Good thing I had vegan cream cheese at home, I guess.

Still, I'm a carb junkie & I ate 3 of those bagels on the day I brought them home, so they clearly weren't that bad. I might come here again, but I doubt it. If I really want a bagel, I'd rather support a vegan business like Grindcore.
Love it! You really do 'knead' to try these bagel sammys if you haven't already! How many other reviews do you think have a 'knead' joke in them?! They have lots of vegan options! Woo hoo! They have really unique flavors and combinations for all, but I thoroughly enjoy the super foods bagel with red lentil hummus, sprouts, avocado mash and I add cucumbers to it every time I come for some added crunch. Soooo yummy! A tad messy, but that's half the fun! Fresh squeezed OJ too and it's a done deal! 

I love that the front wall opens and you can enjoy your bagels a gorgeous morning. I also got a kick out of the family photos on the wall especially the one with "The Dude". Love me some personality! 

A perfect morning would be some bagels from here to eat in Washington Square Park, some shopping for the kiddos down the street at Lolli Lolli, goodies from Talulas Daily for later in the day and a green tea latte from Starbucks. Add Knead to your morning routine or as a carb splurge on the weekends. 

We usually come during the week and it's never too crowded. Kiosk parking nearby is simple. 

Great location. Quality foods. Quick service with a smile.
Knead Bagels, I love you so much. During my most recent visit, I ordered from their suggested pairings. I tried the garlic bagel with roasted veggie cream cheese and togarashi with scallion lime cream cheese (a staple for me). Both were excellent. I've had the togarashi/scallion lime before so that one was a no brainer for me. It does have a slight kick to it. Guaranteed to wake your taste buds up in the morning! The garlic/roasted veggie was one I've never tried before. I really enjoyed it! Also it made me feel good because... veggies = healthy, right? Well, that's what I'll tell myself :)

Last thing to note... I've been to Knead a handful of times and they are always so consistent in terms of friendly/quick service and great quality food. I love that I can always count on Knead to deliver a great dining experience.
Terrible people working here. Told me I'm the last person that walked in at 1230. Got skipped by 3 people because o stood on the wrong side of the register. Then when it got to me they were sold out of bagels. Plus the cashier lies and said I was behind those people when I watched them walk in while I was inside. Maybe racist considering I'm not white and everyone else in there was. Should get no stars
Knead Bagels prides themselves on their avant garde bagel options... once you check them out, you'll certainly understand why. It is the reason why I love this place so much. I'm always willing to make the drive (or in this case, brave the snowy winter weather) for these unique, fresh tasting bagels. Point blank, they are simply the best.

They are constantly switching up flavors. In my opinion, this is a good thing because then you can try a bunch of different flavors. Only drawback is when you get hooked on a flavor and then they discontinue it... so here's my quick plea: BRING BACK KIMCHEE CREAM CHEESE PLEASE! :)

During this visit, my sister and I decided to split two bagels. We decided to go with one sweet and one salty/spicy. We ordered a lavender bagel with vanilla honey cream cheese (which is one of Knead's recommended combos) and a togarashi bagel with poblano cream cheese. I know what you may be thinking... "what the heck is poblano?!" The woman at the register kindly explained it's a type of spicy pepper. I tried a spoonful of it before putting in my order and boy was it good. Definitely left me wanting more. It is spicy so if that isn't your thing you may want to stray away. The togarashi went well with the poblano cream cheese because they both are more on the spicier side. I can honestly say, I loved both bagels. 

Service is always great. The woman was friendly and helpful. She even offered suggestions when asked. Service was much quicker than usual. It does tend to get pretty busy on weekends though. And once they sell out, that's it! So make sure you don't get there too late. Also note that they are closed on Mondays.
This place makes some superb bagel sandwiches! I'm not much of a bagel enthusiast. Sure, I like a nice toasted, buttered sesame bagel once in a while, but I don't generally go in for sandwiches in things other than bread (croissant sandwiches *shudder*). It's a prejudice, but Knead is changing my mind. I had an avocado sandwich on a togarashi bagel, and it changed me. I'm still talking about that sandwich. I also, in spite of not being a bagel-with-cream-cheese fan, love the idea of their bagel/cream cheese pairings. To top it all off, the people working there are some of the most pleasant human beings I've ever met, and every time I go in, I go out feeling better about the world. Go to Knead. They deserve it. You deserve it.
Had someone recommend this place while I was visiting Philadelphia from Denver.Quite possibly one of the best egg and cheese bagels I've ever had. The aioli really added to the sandwich.
I was raised in North Jersey and I have unusually high expectations for bagels. Knead offers two options: regular bagel + spread combinations (ex: everything bagel with cream cheese) and non-traditional bagel + spread combinations. 

I went with non-traditional and ordered the Apricot Spice bagel and Lemon Goat Cheese spread. So creative and delicious. The bagel tasted fantastic. There are tons of flavor combinations not typically tasted in a bagel. (kimchi on a bagel? so cool. who does that?!)

I would definitely return for another of the non-traditional bagel + spread combos. The coffee was great also.
Bagels are such a carb filled guilty pleasure. But when I woke up hungover af, AND found out they deliver, YAASS.

I got the za'atar bagel with roasted veggie cream cheese and it was everything I wanted and more. The za'atar was covered in some.. herb? Not sure. Sounds Israeli.. maybe cause it sounds like zahav.. what do I know. It was good!! 

Their variety of bagels is amazing and unique (next time I wanna try the kimchee cream cheese!) and fresh and perfect.

 PS -  the delivery is through Caviar. Holla @ me for info I'll get you $20 off your first order ;)
Excellent breakfast sandwiches. I usually get the bacon egg and cheese on an everything bagel. What separates this sandwich from others is the garlic aioli spread that is added. Its very delicious and added a whole new dynamic to a classic sandwich. HOWEVER, I have a hard time doubling the price of my breakfast sandwich just for this extra spread. It's a nice treat, but not a go-to. The bagels with cream cheeses are a little cheaper but not worth it unless you're trying something really unique such as scallion lime cream cheese.
I love this little bagel shop! They have really interesting bagels with perfectly paired cream cheeses. My personal favorite is the togarashi (Japanese spiced bagel) with scallion lime cream-cheese . The lavender bagel with honey cream-cheese is good as well, if you prefer something on the sweeter side. The bagels are fresh, so you don't have to ask for the them toasted. And it's super close to Washington square park, so take your bagels to go and have breakfast outside :)
A bagel with lox is one of my all time favorite breakfasts, so when I was in the area one morning, I couldn't resist. My order was ready within a few minutes, and I ventured over to Washington Square Park to eat. I have one word: AMAZING. Not too much cream cheese or onion, the bagel was savory and delicious, and the lox was smoked to perfection. I feel like I could go on forever because it honestly was that good. 

While I was in the store, a few other unique items caught my eye. The lavender bagel, for one, sounds delicious, and my friend claims that the hummus cream cheese is bomb. Needless to say, I'll definitely be back for more.
My friend and I popped in for breakfast sandwiches last Sunday. There was no wait and we were able to get a table right away. We got sausage, egg and cheese togarashi bagels with the aioli spread. What an AWESOME twist on a classic breakfast item. The aioli spread is optional for those you who aren't fond of the green spread. The togarashi bagel is like an everything bagel but with a bit of an extra kick. Our two sandwiches and two large coffees came out to about $20 which is a bit steep but I'll pay extra for an exceptional breakfast sandwich.  I would definitely come here again.
Had the Kale salad from knead bagels today for lunch! It was delicious ! Salad had kale, apples, sweet potatoes, broccoli, chickpeas, malt vinaigrette, sunflower seeds, Asiago cheese, and added some pickled carrots ! Also had half an an Lox, cumcumber, onion, and cream cheese on an everything bagel! 
I have been to Knead a few other times and tried their bagels, which are delish as well! The bagels that I have tried were: (1)sausage egg and cheese with  their homemade aioli , (2) beer brined turkey, bacon, and goat cheese on an everything bagel, and (3) Togarashi bagel with scallion lime cream cheese. They were all good ! 
Overall a solid bagel shop !
Note this is just for service. Why are some people so rude? We went in to get 2 lox bagels today. And instead buying a bottle of water for like $2, we just got a cup of water, for free. Sorry, I am cheap, but I mean why wouldn't anyone do that? Water tastes the same to me, either in a cup or in a bottle of water.. But then the cashier gave us attitude when we told her we are good with just the cup of water. (SHE  WAS CONDESCENDINGLY SMIRKING AT US) WHAT THE FUN?! Management, PLEASE!! I do appreciate your offer of free cups of water, but if you decide to keep offering free cups of water to people, then train your staff who have attitude problem. If not, stop offering them.. End of vent! (February 26, 2017)
The bagels are pretty chewy and some of the tastiest in Philly. My only complaint would be that they are a little small for the price(almost $4 for a specialty bagel with cream cheese). But they are definitely tasty like something you would get in ny. The breakfast sandwiches also good but same thing, you don't get that much of the contents.
I think I might have just found out how I'm going to carbo load for the Philly marathon. These might actually be the best bagels I've ever had in Philly. (I know. It's a strong assertion.)  I actually didn't get to go to the store itself, but my coworker brought a bunch in for a taste test. We got to try the Porcini, the Moroccan Spiced Apricot, the Black Sesame, and the Poppy. Seriously, these bagels are exactly what I look for - super soft and fluffy in the middle, with a nice tough exterior. (Fat kid alert.) The Moroccan Spiced Apricot was probably my favorite because it was so unique - sweet, but not too sweet (And I'm one of those people who hates sweet things mixed in with savory. So you know this was good!). I was honestly a little disappointed in the Porcini. I didn't get much of a Porcini flavor from it and we all thought it tasted more like Pumpernickel. I only got to try the plain cream cheese, but I can't wait to go back and try some of the flavored ones. (Kimchee cream cheese and Lemon Goat Cheese Spread? Yes please!) 

 So, in short, go to Knead. Now! Unless it's after 2 pm. Then go tomorrow.
Came in on a rainy Monday right before closing. I was greeted by a simple, clean, and bright interior, similar to many a coffee shop. Scanned their menu of eclectic bagel/spread combos and decided on the Moroccan spiced apricot bagel with lemon goat cheese spread. I also decided to bring some bagels home for my roommates to try and they were on the house since they were closing soon. Super appreciated! 

The bagel was everything I wanted and more. The flavor combination worked even better than I had hoped. The bagel was slightly sweet and you could definitely taste the spices. Cinnamon raisin's cooler older sister. The spread was also great and I'd consider  buying it separately to smear on... everything. My only suggestion would be asking if customers wanted their bagels toasted or not. By the time I got home 15 minutes later, the toasted bagel had done that thing where it's soft but hard. But!.. it was okay with me, every bite was still tasty af.

Coffee was good. Service was very friendly and accommodating. I look forward to seeing place grow and get its footing among the difficult wsw/cc crowd.
I am ecstatic that Knead Bagels opened up a few blocks from my work (trust me, it was very much anticipated).  I stopped in on Wednesday for my go to breakfast sandwich - bacon, egg, and cheese on a toasted everything bagel.  The staff was friendly and the wait wasn't long.  Most importantly, the sandwich was delicious.  I never thought of having aioli on a breakfast sandwich - but it works....very, very well.  You have made me a repeat customer!
Awesome variety of bagels/cream cheese priced fairly. Great coffee too. I am certain this place will only get better with time. The smoked chopped liver cream cheese is incredible. Can't wait to try the Togarashi spiced bagel!

New favorite bagel place in center city.
Why have I only found out about this place now? Seriously the best bagel shop in the area. Ordered the sausage, egg and cheese with everything bagel and it is absolutely the best. It has an aioli spread that makes it so much better. One thing I like about this place is the different type of flavors they have here. Next time I visit, I want to try the kimchi cream cheese with black sesame bagel. Something unordinary but can totally rock your socks off.
let me begin this review by telling you a little bit about myself: i'm usually hungry and i love bagels. that being said, i was excited to learn about knead bagels and then overjoyed when i first went. i've since returned many times.

i LOVE the veggie bagel sandwich: lentil hummus, avocado, red peppers, sprouts on a superfood bagel - a bit of creative genius is going on in there. the breakfast sandwiches are also yum! my fave bagel is the fennel seed and sea salt - try it! the soups always sound delish, but i can't resist the bagels. 

the service is always quick and friendly. everything is so fresh. they deliver. they have amazing specials. the food combinations are amazing. i've bageled around the area (and beyond) and knead is by far the most flavorful bagel i've tasted. enjoy!
Good bagels in a small, bustling space. They quickly provided just the bagel sandwich and coffee that I needed to soothe my morning hangover. Because it's situated in such a busy area, I was lucky to get a seat and happy to people-watch as I slowly devoured my order.

Probably a better idea to get it to go. The line goes quickly, but would probably take longer if you asked for something more hot/prepared.
This is easily my favorite bagel place in Philly! They have such unique flavors of both bagels and cream cheeses, and I love that they have recommended combinations. I am actually obsessed with the Togarashi bagel with the scallion lime cream cheese...somehow it manages to be everything I am ever craving in a meal. The blood orange and honey cream cheese sounds fantastic although I haven't tried that myself yet.

They have daily specials which always look outstanding and can sell out pretty quickly. 

I also just asked and saw for the first time today that they will make your egg any way when you get egg on a bagel- I really love that since a lot of places will only do an omelette style egg. Just one way of showing they care about making the "eggsperience" great for all ;) and their staff are so friendly as well!
I really kneaded some breakfast after my Doctor appointment and stumbled upon this bagel shop. I am glad they did. The bagels and cream cheese are homemade and fresh.I ended up getting the Flax Bagel and the Roasted Veggie Cream Cheese. Very good. They also sell bagels by the piece, half dozen and dozen. Service was friendly and quick. They also have some breakfast bagels with eggs and lunchtime selections. I will come back the next time I am in the area now that I know they are around!
So glad I tried it! Waited weeks to try this place. 

I went on a Sunday morning around 9:30 and wasn't too crowded. I got a freshly squeezed OJ and a cold brew (to keep me awake while studying) and I ordered the turkey bacon egg and cheese on an everything bagel and it was SPECTACULAR! The aioli sauce complemented the sandwich so well. The bacon wasn't too salty and overall, delicious.

I like that they have very unique flavor bagels (Zatar, Togarashi, etc) and cream cheeses (lemon honey, kimchee, scallion lime)! I really like the suggested pairings since the flavors are so different, I wouldn't know which bagel would taste better with what spread. 

They also have specials and the flavors are so different and interesting! This past week was a lavender bagel with vanilla bean cream cheese.

They're a little on the pricer side to me ($6-$7 for the bagel sandwiches) but worth trying! They also have lunch options and salads too I believe. 

Will definitely return! Hmm .. Tomorrow maybe?! ;)
I don't think a weekend is successful unless I go to Knead. I have been going here for years and it has only gotten better!

I usually get a roasted veggie cream cheese on a plain bagel with avocado. Sometimes I get a bacon, egg and cheese with avocado on a plain bagel. They are both so good it's hard to pick between them! 

I really enjoy the classics but every time I have branched out, I have also had a great experience. I recently tried the fennel bagel and I'm now thinking this will be my regular order. 

Their cold brew is also great so if you like coffee, make sure you get it. 

Pro tip: always say yes to their aioli. It is life changing.
I wish I could wake up every morning and eat their bagels and not gain a pound. Best bagels ever, hands down. Coffee Cure Pork Belly bagel, I think that is what heaven taste like. And everyone who works there is so happy and nice.
I'm a big bagel lover. This place is not a good bagel place. They try to do "non-traditional" bagels and spreads. So there is no scallion cream cheese, for example. There is scallion and lime cream cheese. It's not very good though. Obviously, cream cheeses should be a bit acidic, but this was too acidic and not salty enough. The everything bagel was slightly better than grocery store bagels. 

The aesthetic seems to be trying to the feel of Spread. It's sufficiently comfortable for me, but my partner really disliked it. The service, on the other hand, was clearly bad. The hipster attitude of the servers resulted in  unacceptably slow bagels and coffee (even though there was only one other person here at the time).  They also gave us a small coffee even though we paid for a large. 

I came from west philly to try these bagels on my birthday. I had a good time but that was despite Knead.
Just had knead for the second time. Just as good or not better than the first.  I got an everything bagel with cream cheese (this time it had more seeds than before, which is a huge plus). My fiancé got the nigella bagel with agave bacon cream cheese, which he said was "unbelievable." I'm so glad a good bagel place has opened and isn't that far away from home :) I will be returning to knead for my Sunday bagel fix.
Delicious bagels! I went with an everything bagel with roasted tomato cream cheese. I can't wait to go back and try some of their specialty combos like the black sesame bagel with kimchee cream cheese.
we stopped in for a bathroom break and came out with a giant bag full of bagels for free. I declared this to be another Festivus miracle!

they were closing, and as such the register was locked, but the staff was getting training on a new coffee machine and let us use the restroom. they asked us if we wanted some free bagels and proceeded to fill a giant brown paper bag.

egg bagels, Moroccan spice, Japanese spice, "superfood", onion, and plenty more. all had the right texture and flavor that satisfied this ex-Brooklynite's discerning taste. having grown up routinely bagel-ing from the now-famous Terrace Bagels I was suitably impressed.
Knead bagels... what can I say about my favorite Philly spot? I'm leaving Philly and I will miss Knead Bagels every day I'm gone. Knead is known for their excellent quality bagels with interesting and unconventional flavor combinations and their wonderful staff. I started going to Knead back in 2014 and my favorite was the black sesame bagel with kimchi cream cheese. Since then I have discovered the beauty of their weekly specials which are simply put, special! The specials can be sweet, savory, or anything in between. It always fun to order the special bagel and cream cheese combo just to see how delicious it will be. I also love the togarashi with scallion lime cream cheese (which I've also started adding a pickled green tomato to at the suggestion of my friend). The spicy togarashi with the sharp but cooling cream cheese is too good. I will also deeply miss the chicken salad sandwhich and tuna salad sandwhich, both of which are so creative and flavorful. The chicken salad is so fresh and there are never any bites of gristle (I'm a big texture person). 

Finally, I would be remiss not to say that the staff are so wonderful and nice. It was such a nice place to visit and I will miss seeing everyone who made the experience so great.
I enjoyed Knead Bagels. Yes, the wait can be a bit long and yes they do run out of bagels by late afternoon.
There's a wide assortment of cream cheese that I have to try. I only had the plan so far and it was thick and creamy.
Everything bagel is awesome. So is garlic and black sesame. The bagels are dense and moist as they should be.
I had one of the breakfast sandwiches that had turkey sausage and egg, which I thought was very good.
Service was friendly. I would return.
so as a born and bred NY'er i am picky about 2 foods- bagels and pizza...

While the bread factor on Kneads bagels cannot beat NYs bagels, I have to give props to their creative spreads and bagels. 
I walked in there prepared to be wowed, because their choices are different! Sweet potato curry CC, lime bagels, togashri and black sesame... the varieties are intriguing.
the bagels and CCprice is pretty steep, at 3.50- but well worth a try..
Not as big as the NY bagel but the amount of CC they put on the bagel is filling.

Come for a bagel and sit out in the park across the street. They offer seating at Knead as well.
Upon the first bite of my everything bagel with lemon goat cheese, a firm crust gave way to perfectly chewy innards and I breathed a sigh of relief that Knead Bagels lived up to the hype. 

The next few bites brought the taste of the goat cheese (which I like to think of as the original cream cheese) and subtle hints of lemon, making me absolutely sure that I had made the right choice for breakfast. The pleasure of eating that bagel was over altogether too quickly and I will definitely be back soon to try some of their nontraditional offerings (fennel and sea salt? Yes please!), which the server was excited to point out when I told her it was my first visit.

You can order one of their specialty bagels for $3.50, so you won't break the bank if you want breakfast. The quality of the kettle-boiled goodies is absolutely worth the above-average price. You won't be disappointed.
LOVED IT. Popped in here after an appt in CC, ordered the Togarashi with lime & scallion cream cheese. As soon as I got to my car, I fucking INHALED the delicious bagel bursting with zingy flavor. I was an animal. 

The staff was friendly and the service was quick. And the coffee is hot. What more can you ask for? I WILL be back. I want to try more of the creative flavors.
Coming from New York I always have high expectations regarding bagels. These bagels are very good, not NY good, but Philly good! I tried the Togarashi bagel, which was awesome. The bagel itself has chili powder, orange peel and black
Sesame seeds. The scallion and lime cream cheese is a great combo with this bagel. I will definitely be back to try more of these combos. 
I gave this place 4/5 stars because I feel that the bagel is smaller and not as soft as NY bagels.
I LOVE KNEAD. 

Not only are the one of the BEST bagel shops in the city (not to mention one that's FINALLY located close to my workplace) but they really embody the idea of a local business.

I've been coming to Knead since they open and both Cheri and Adam know me by name, know my order, and always give it to me with a smile and good conversation. Even if they didn't know me, I'd still go here whenever humanly possible. It's just phenomenal.

The egg & cheese sandwich is off the chain (you can't beat the aioli), and both the traditional and non-traditional bagels are stunners. Some personal favs: Togarashi + scallion cream cheese AND Fennel Seed & Sea Salt + roasted tomato cream cheese. To describe the actual bagel, it's go it's semi-hard shell on the outside but soft & chewy innards. Usually fresh & warm, but you can get it toasted (I never have).

As a bagel junky, this place just gets what I "knead."

P.S. - always give their special a try! It's always surprised me (in a good way).
Knead is my favorite bagel place in the city. I love the variety of bagels and cream cheeses they have. Today their special was a sesame seed bagel with sweet potato curry cream cheese and it was amazing. They also have bagel sandwiches too. The staff is always friendly and even remembered my name by the third time I came in (and there were months in between visits). I wish the space was bigger because there are only few tables to sit at. Also, you must come earlier in the day (before 12pm) as they tend to sell out of their bagels. You can always stay posted with their specials and if they sell out via their IG @kneadbagels as they keep it updated. You won't disappointed by these bagels!
Chef driven bagel joint is what I read about this place.  Sounded promising.  Bagels and good pizza are what I miss the most since moving here from NY.  So far I haven't found a good bagel, so I was excited to try Knead.  Stopped by on a  Saturday around 11.  Bagels sounded good and the few different ones seemed inventive.  Togorashi, Pastrami.  I ordered the Pastrami with whitefish and cream cheese.  Girlfriend got a fennel bagel with roasted tomato cream cheese.  Pastrami bagel had no trace of Pastrami spice, the bagel was very hard on the outside and kinda bland and chewy on the inside.  It was also small and not very thick.  Honestly it was pretty awful.  The roasted tomato cream cheese was good and the staff was very friendly.  The quest for a decent bagel in Philly continues.  Don't waste your time here.
This place is fantastic. I've been coming here for a few months and have never been disappointed. They have a good selection of bagels and cream cheeses on their everyday menu, then they also have daily specials that are really great too. 

They suggest you don't get your bagel toasted because they bake fresh throughout the day. I was a little wary at first but they're definitely right that the bagels don't need toasting, some mornings my bagel is even still warm from the oven or whatever it is you cook a bagel in. 

Also the service is great, the people at the counter are friendly and keep the line moving quickly without making you feel rushed. And even if you get something more elaborate like their lunch special sandwich / salad combo, you don't have to wait too long for your order. 

#1 Bagel place in Center City
I like the well crafted new fangled flavor bagels.  They have a wide range of cream cheese options.  Coffee stands alone black which is a complement.  I like that they open at 6:30 and have a regular coffee bagel punch card until 8:30.  I think the goal is to accumulate enough heart punch to get something free...incentive works.
Although this place is cute inside it is stupid expensive and I have never disliked a breakfast sandwich as much as I disliked this one.  I will never go back.  I got a sausage, egg and cheese on an everything bagel sandwich.  The sandwich was $7 plus I felt bad not tipping so I threw $1 in the tip jar...so $8 for an ok bagel, barely any egg, a sausage patty that was clearly made there which normally I'd applaud except the flavor was gross and this weird awful mayo-like dressing on the inside of the bagel that was just gross.

Maybe this is just my tastes, but I'm pretty open to a lot of different foods, variations and styles and this was just not one I enjoyed.
My new favorite bagel place in the area! We have been looking for a good bagel place in walking distance, and this is definitely it. Knead bagels is putting out really delicious & fresh bagels. Seriously their bagels are quality - I'd even go as far as saying they are New York quality. 

They have an assortment of cream cheese flavors, and my favorite is by far the roasted veggie one. Pair that with their garlic bagel, and YUMMM. My boyfriend had half of a sausage, egg, and cheese on a sesame bagel and loved it! I say he only had half, because the dog also enjoyed it...she ripped into the bag and ate the other half in under 5 seconds when we weren't looking. 

The dog and I can't wait for more awesome bagels in our future :)
If you want to steer away from the "ordinary" bagel options, this is the place to go. Knead Bagels has such a fun and interesting variety of bagels and spreads. I most recently got the fennel seed and sea salt bagel toasted with roasted tomato cream cheese. It was exactly what I was craving, although I do wish it had been slightly more toasted. It had tons of cream cheese... plus one to that! I'm not usually a juice drinker, but I got the fresh squeezed orange juice which was delicious and refreshing. 

Service at this place is fast. There is not much seating, but luckily we got one of the very few tables they have inside after waiting a few minutes for it to clear out. They do have a couple tables out front so if the weather is nice, that's an option. 

I'll definitely be going back to this place. They have a lavender bagel with vanilla honey cream cheese that was totally catching my eye. I need to get back there for that!
I moved from NYC 2 months ago and have been searching for a bagel shop to replace my favorite NYC location. Well, I've found it! I love Knead Bagels. The service is efficient and friendly, the prices are great (way better than NYC) and the bagels are super flavorful and creative plus the ingredients are SO fresh. 

I've been to Knead twice - the first time I had the lox and cream cheese bagel sandwich on an everything bagel. If you're a lox fan, I highly recommend. They really layered on the lox and you definitely get your money's worth. 

The second time I had their lunch special - dill tuna on a fennel and salt bagel, with a side of carrots (there are typically 3 different side choices) and an iced tea. All for $9.00 and absolutely delicious. I've found my new favorite lunch spot!
Not sure how the food is but the service is terrible. The staff is rude and talks down to us. We came with a friend who ordered after us. He received his bagel sandwich long before ours. When we asked about the hold up she gave us a rude response about timing with no apology to accompany it. Good luck dealing with the staff at this place
Knead Bagels is my go to weekend spot. The first year I lived in Philly I really craved a place like this that is a true bagel shop, and was so happy when I finally found Knead. Their everything and garlic bagels are my favorite, and the bacon egg and cheese with aioli (the optional aioli is a MUST) is 100% my favorite breakfast sandwich in Philly.

Unlike Spread in Rittenhouse, you do not have to wait in line for 30 mins on a Saturday or Sunday. The service is great, and sometimes when I order they'll say it will be a 15 min wait and it's never more than 5. With tables up front and a bar along the whole back wall you can almost always snag a seat. They have a big front window that's wide open on nice days, and sometimes I'll walk over to Washington Square to eat. 

My only qualm is that it's a tad expensive - $10 for a breakfast sandwich and iced coffee. But being owned by a husband and wife team, I don't mind.
I woke up yesterday and decided I needed some bagels.  This place was the closest.  It is definitely not for traditionalists.  The bagels are quite good though, as are the egg sandwiches etc.  One issue that almost lost them a star:  poppyseed bagels and not sesame bagels!!  I ordered my egg sandwich on a sesame bagel, and it came on a poppyseed bagel.  Ok, I thought, maybe I made a mistake or was misheard.  But then I opened the bagel bag this morning (I had ordered half-dozen), and in place of the two sesame bagels I ordered were two poppy.  I hate poppyseed bagels, so i know it wasn't me.  Have to edit this - my wife pointed out that they were black sesame seeds on the bagel.  This doesn't make things better - to me, a sesame bagel is a sesame bagel - no need to fix what works!
I'm editing this to give it five stars - I subtracted one because of the sesame seed issue.  The owner contacted me, was very nice and offered to give me free replacement bagels the next time I come in.  That is great customer relations.
I live above this place and as far as I'm concerned it is the best addition to the Washington square neighborhood in the past 10years. The specials are out of this world (even when they sound crazy). The service is friendly and speedy and the product is delicious. The classic bagel flavors are amazing, but don't be afraid to try some of the more unusual ones - you won't be disappointed!
Still searching for a decent bagel in philly. Putting bacon, egg and cheese on a bagel shouldn't be this hard
Knead's bagels are good, comparable to other philly bagel places. The spreads are unique, the roasted tomato cream cheese being my favorite thus far. The cold brew is delicious.

I  most recently went early on a Sunday afternoon and was greeted by a dramatically diminshed bagel list. And although the everything bagel I picked out was delicious, the service was quite slow for being the only person in line. I would hesitate to come here during the morning rush.
My wife is from Long Island and loves a good bagel with cream cheese.  The weather was good and the bikes were calling.  We biked down for coffee and bagels on a beautiful Spring Saturday.

The cold brew was fantastic.  The hot coffee was very good as well.  I opted for an everything bagel with egg and cheese.  It was tasty; like every good bagel, it had a great crispy outside and a soft, doughy inside.  There was an avocado mayo spread inside that complemented the hot egg and cheese combination really nicely.  The salt was not overwhelming and the other ingredients were proportioned perfectly.  My wife's bagel was excellent and the spread had the right cheesiness to it.

The prices are reasonable and the seating along the wide-open large windows was comfortable if a little tight.

A great bagel experience in Philadelphia for sure!  I'm sure I'll be back for the non-traditional bagels on the list.  I'm particularly eyeing the kimchie bagel!  More stars to come, I'm sure.
What a pleasant way to start my morning! I take breakfast seriously, so i don't usually stray away from my usual bagel spot. But Im glad I tried something new today. Not only where the bagel delish, but the service was great and the entire experience was pleasant. I'll be sure to return!
First time here & I'm a fan!! Delicious, high quality bagels with unique spreads. They don't skimp on the cream cheese- very generous portions. The staff are super friendly & helpful. Haven't left yet & already can't wait to return.
Just opened today and they're off to a great start. Fast, friendly service, great bagels and coffee. They only have the breakfast menu set up so far but I look forward to the lunch menu soon. 

The wife and I tried the Fennel Seed and Sea Salt bagel with roasted tomato cream cheese. Fabulous and filling. Also had the Flax and Chia Seed bagel with red lentil hummus, which was delicious and probably a healthier choice than the other. (Couldn't help but think the tomato cream cheese would be good on the Flax and Chia Seed bagel, too.) The bagels were crisp on the outside with chewy insides, done to perfection. 

Also got two of the locally roasted Elixr coffees. It's good coffee--strong and flavorful.

Nice new breakfast and coffee option for Wash West. Check 'em out.
I love this bagel place!
My work has been right around the corner for a few months and we're moving this week so I stopped in this morning to get a sandwich because I don't know when I'll get a chance to get down this way again.  I also thought, hey I'm going down the shore this weekend I'll get a dozen bagels while I'm there (and also to have some for the next few weeks because I'm really going to miss being a few blocks away!) I got a BLT sandwich which is simple, but so awesome.  I also got a bakers dozen bagels with 2 cream cheeses.  Stupid me didn't think until hours later I should put the cream cheese in the fridge, and when I went to do that I realized the cream cheese was missing.  I called them because I wasn't sure if they would want me to come back with my receipt, etc. To my surprise they said they felt so bad they didn't want me to come out in the rain that they would run them to me!  They also threw in an extra half dozen bagels!  That is customer service right there people!
Not only do they have amazing bagels with lots of "non traditional" options, amazing sandwiches, but they have the customer service to boot!  All around AMAZING place!  I highly recommend you check it out. (By the way, the roasted tomato cream cheese is out of this world!)
Mike is a good dude. So helpful, super courteous, and nice.

On to the bagels, I've been here a few times and it's been delish each time. Consistency is important for any kind of food establishment, but a good bagel joint for sure!

High quality ingredients and well-made bagels! They also serve Mighty Leaf tea, a good brand of tea.

Make your way to this great place! And, meet Mike 'cuz we need more "Mikes" in this world! :)
Don't believe those other reviews with one stars.  When you really read them they are criticizing this place for not being "New York-style bagels."  Are you serious?  Go to NY to get them!

This was our first time being here since it opened and we walked in right at the Saturday late-morning rush, but let me tell you, it was worth the wait!  To start, we had the coconut curry cream cheese on a sesame seed bagel and it was absolutely delicious.  It was like having a little Thai/Indian savory blend on my bagel that was not even remotely overpowering or too thick.  It had a great texture.

To follow, we ordered a housemade sausage, egg, cheese on an everything bagel and had to try the special today - pork roll, fried egg, peppers and cheddar on a fennel seed/salt bagel.  I literally could not decide between the two which I liked better, they were both so so good.  I have never had a bagel breakfast sandwich as good as this, and I've had many types/kinds of breakfast bagel sandwiches all over Philly!  The egg in both sandwiches were perfectly fried and perfect in thickness and so was the meat on both sandwiches.  Not too overbearing with the amount of cheese either, which I can't stand with some places.

Needless to say, we arrived starving, and left happily full.  We also may or may not have bought some additional bagels and a tub of that kimchi cream cheese to go.  Did I mention they make their own cream cheese flavors too? 

Just go.  I mean seriously, stop reading this and go.

;)
Bad bagels, more like the tough taste and texture of a baguette then a good slowly fermented, poached, chewy on the inside bagel.
I know that it was the opening weekend of this place, but I still left feeling a bit disappointed. I showed up here on Saturday around 11am and found it pretty crowded. The first task is actually figuring out who has ordered, where the line is, and where to stand after you have ordered. Once we got to the register, we ordered two bagel sandwiches and coffees. The girl at the register seemed flustered, and the man making bagels was yelling things to the other employees, who all didn't seem prepared for the flood of people. I had wanted a latte, but didn't want to wait and hold things up even more, so the regular coffee was fine. The place is definitely not "cozy" by any means, though it is sleek and well designed-- it's probably better-suited for people to just grab and go. 

About 15 minutes after ordering, my name was called. I was so excited to retrieve the food, but was told that they were out of what we ordered (an everything bagel). An offer to substitute with a "power everything bagel" with flax and chia seeds was offered, and I obliged. Then I went back and sat down for over 20 more minutes (we were lucky to have snagged a table!). By this time, we were pretty sure our breakfast had been forgotten, and I went up to ask at the counter, only to hear many others muttering that they too had been waiting for over half an hour. The bagel sandwiches finally came and they were very good. The bagels themselves were light and fluffy and the toppings (we got the kale & pimento on one and the bacon and egg on another) were also delicious. However, the wait was honestly ridiculous for a bagel sandwich, and we could have had a sit-down meal after it all. I will probably come back, but just to pick up items to go... I want to try that kimchee cream cheese!
Knead is phenomenal and just keeps getting better. The bagels are delicious, and the creative bagel n' cream cheese flavor combinations are like nothing I've ever seen. The breakfast sandwiches are far and away the best in the city. Gouda pimento with kale or the basic egg & cheese are my favorites, but if you have a manly appetite then definitely get the sausage egg & cheese with the house-made sausage patty.
I have stopped in here numerous times, once right after they opened, and then numerous times after that because it really hits the spot for breakfast. Its really nice to have a place that serves chef driven food because its so much more creative than your typical breakfast sandwich place. They serve great bagels, quality ingredients and delicious coffee from Elixir. 

The first time I went I had a one of the best breakfast sandwiches I have ever tasted. It was a special that they were offering that day of ham, cheese, fried egg with caramelized onions and red eye aioli. I got mine on a poppy bagel and away I went. I got it home and devoured it in minutes. The sandwich was on point. The bagels are a touch smaller than you might get at other places, but they are perfect size for breakfast sandwiches. The flavors of the fillings were outstanding. The ham and cheese were great and the fried egg and caramelized onions were perfect. The kicker of whole sandwich was the red eye aioli. It was deliciously creamy, had some serious bite, and just enhanced the flavor of the sandwich perfectly. The bagel itself had nice chew to it, and although I wish the bagel was a bit more toasted, the sandwich was really fantastic. 

If you go, other very notable options are always the specials, the kale egg and pimento cheese, and the togarashi bagel with scallion lime cream cheese. 

I really enjoy coming to Knead. I visit on a regular basis and have really enjoyed all the different things I have tried here. While they definitely fill a bagel void here in Philly, they still arent quite the tops of the line. Some day we will get there, but for right now, Knead is the best around and truly worth a visit!
Amazing house made sausage egg and cheese on black sesame bagel with aoli spread. I would give a 5 star and visit at least once a week if it wasn't 7 and change for the sandwich. Maybe throw in a small coffee for that price point? Awesome place and staff overall!
Great bagel place. The people behind the counter were quite friendly, and we didn't leave smelling like bagels. I'm a bagel purist, and only ever get an everything with cream cheese. The bagel I had was tasty and seasoned well. Will def be stopping again, shit is right!
