"Knock, knock"

"Who's there?"

"Al"

"Al who?"

"Al Caholic"

And not just one alcoholic -- I mean dozens.  The barflies at Knock are serious about their booze, downing classic martinis and old-fashioneds like there's no tomorrow.

They're really friendly, though.  When I sat down at the bar for dinner and a few post-convention libations, I was immediately welcomed into the inner circle of regulars -- my status as an out-of-towner be damned.  (Maybe that's how they treat all the "fresh meat"?  I wouldn't know.)

Either way, I had a blast here.  The interior was sleek and classy, the bartenders were oh so sweet and friendly, and they pour a mean gin and soda.

The surprising part was the extensive and mouthwatering menu.  I was immediately drawn to the flatbreads (the locals said that those are most popular), but I opted for a calorie-conscious dinner and ordered a salad with grilled chicken.

Little did I know that my calorie-consciousness was for naught, since the salad was the size of a frickin' bathtub and had enough chicken on it to feed about seven of me.  There were also generous helpings of dried cherries and a sea of bleu cheese.  (The chef might've been a little heavy-handed with the bleu cheese, since the salad ended up a bit salty for my taste.)

Luckily, I was surrounded by a bunch of hungry barflies who were more than happy to eat my leftovers.  (Good thing they're not germophobes.)

All in all, dinner at Knock was a success, and I can't wait to "knock" on its lovely doors again...
Knock fills the much-needed niche of the classy gay bar in town. It seems worlds away from Woody's, Tabu and Q Lounge, which is precisely why it felt just a bit out of place as a stop along last night's Gay Bar Crawl.   

No matter, the bartenders there treated us kindly with discounted drinks that were creative and enormous. In the line chart that was my drunkenness last night, I'm pretty sure this is where the line started to take a sharp descent. 

It seemed like the kitchen was turning out some really awesome eats, because mostly everyone there was having dinner. Also, the Flyers game was on several TVs around the bar, which pleased me greatly.
Holy moly, considering how classy their interior is, their gargantuan drinks may come as a surprise. (I sure was surprised.) I swear, one drink can easily serve two, possibly three.

If you decide to forgo their cocktail hour, there's ample seating for you to wine and dine the (wo-)man of the week, for brunch, lunch, or dinner. And if you decide to forgo cocktails altogether, get yourself an orange juice and cranberry, then grimace if anyone asks what it is.
Knock is the respectable gay restaurant in the gaybohood mecca of inebriation. I say this lovingly. While every other queer haunt is there to get you drunk and laid, Knock exists to get you there in a refined manner.

The food here is quite good, the drinks are classy and strong, and the outdoor seating wins on a sunny afternoon. Just prepare yourself for the ambulance sirens and the cars careening down this busy street.

Indoors, it's a smart scene with a quality bar and upgraded food menu. Think buffalo sliders over your standard cattle. If anyone gets the alligator skewers, please let me know what you think!
Why come here when there are so many other dinner spots that offer better food, service and atmosphere? Tonight was my last attempt to enjoy a place that lacks in every category.
My first review of the New Year and I'm sad to report, it's not a good one...

Ohh KnOcK, where to even begin....It's restaurant week= a given 'hit or miss' experience! Tonight does NOT even come close to what is acceptable in my opinion. I just left 10 minutes ago, and had to start my review at ONCE, as it was one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had, and I eat ALOT!!

Lured by the tempting menu, my friend and I decided to stop in, to sample the fare. We were early for our 5:30pm reservation, so we grabbed a glass of vino at the bar. After couple of sips, the host led us to our table. Our eagerness for great food and light-hearted conversation were quickly turned into a surreal and upsetting evening.
Most people would agree, that I am a pretty well rounded, well traveled an open minded individual, rarely in my 33 years of life have I ever felt more uncomfortable than I was tonight.  Although, we observed that we were the only women in the restaurant, never did we feel intimidated or out of place. However, our icy server really made us feel unwelcomed tonight.
Our bus boy poured our water and informed us that 'Philip' will be by to take our order. Philip skipped the formalities and sauntered over to take our order. We started with the Heirloom tomato salad, he later plopped two pieces of hard sourdough rolls on our bread plates with some sort of whipped butter  (I couldn't be sure, as he turned on his heel and disappeared before we could ask what it was)  After a few minutes, he reappeared with our starter course, at first glance I could tell the tomatoes were not fresh, reaffirmed when my fork pierced into it, against my better judgment, I took a little taste, Blech!! I glanced at my friend's plate and saw the same lifeless appetizer staring back. As Philip coolly floated by our table, we debated whether to send the food back, we didn't want to be 'THOSE PEOPLE'  but this is simply unacceptable! He didn't seem to care that neither of us touched our plate and stopped eating all together. We finally decided to flag him down and informed him that the tomatoes were a little suspect to us and asked for new slices. He quickly swept up the plates and asked us if we wanted to get something else because 'We obviously find something wrong with the tomatoes'  Wait for it....EYE ROLL?! Really?! Not only did he express his disdain, that we pointed out that the food was subpar and inedible, but apparently we were really getting on his nerves now too!! GULP, we were the first reservation of the night, and he's already in a huffy mood, what will the night bring?!  Back to the kitchen he went, and out came our wedge salad, drenched in blue cheese dressing, which actually wasn't half bad, however the host soon brushed past our table and cooed to Philip 'let's scale back on those portions'. I was shocked at how rude and unprofessional the staff seemed to be!
Onto the battered asparagus fries, crispy on the outside and soggy on the inside, however the flavor was nice and the aioli sauce was a nice compliment. My friend's fried mozzarella was very bland, but the pesto and marinara sauce was tasty. The crab cake entree was rather luke warm and salty, it was a bit soggy and could have been cooked a little longer, but the portion size was nice. The dessert was nothing to write home about, pretty to look at, but just meh and was sitting in the fridge a tad too long.
My empty glass of Pinot sadly sat barren the whole night, I contemplated asking for  a refill, but I didn't know I could handle another awkward exchange and bagged the whole idea.

As the night wore on, a nice mix of people came in, Philip seemed to be a little less bent on being rude to us or we were just so immune to it that we didn't really care as much.

I can normally balance out the rating with the food to service ratio, however, tonight was unbelievably disappointing in every way!  I have been back to a couple of restaurants from visiting them at RW, but I could not bring myself even for a redemption drink, obviously Knock doesn't care so much, as they took my $35 and sent me on my way, lesson learned, however I take my Elite 12' status seriously, so here's another two cents (bad joke, I know)

RW is suppose to 'highlight' a restaurant's potential, but dear KNOCK, please consider taking your name off the participating restaurant list, if you feel that being part of RW is a hassle and not profitable enough that tonight was the kind of food and service that was presented, it's a disservice to the industry!

Sorry Yelpers, I have to SERIOUSLY disagree with the glowing reviews here, is it possible that we were at the wrong restaurant?!  This place is anything but, hospitable!!  Maybe if I stick to the liquid diet + karaoke, I wouldn't have been so twisted.

Apologizes for the rant, so let me wrap this novel up: KnOcK KnOcK= nobody's home!!
Knock knock.
who's there?
rude ass bartender.
rude ass bartender who?  
the prissy one with the plucked eyebrows...
My partner and I went here to celebrate our 5th Anniversary, which happens to be Halloween! We had reservations at 7pm and were taken to the back of the restaurant and away from the bar noise! Our waiters were hilarious and very diligent. The food is amazing! We shared an order of grilled calamari stuffed with crab meat. D had pan seared scallops and I had lamb chops (or as I'm obsessed with calling them lamb lollipops)! Both of our entrees were otherworldly. The fig and syrah reduction used on my lamb lollipops was complex and soothing. The amount of food was spectacular and I couldn't finish everything on my plate. We did splurge for dessert... I had the best chocolate mousse of my life and D had the densest cheesecake known to man! The coffee was really good too, I was slightly disappointed that they don't espresso. 

After dinner we went to the bar to have some drinks and wait for our friends to show up and celebrate with us. Being that it was Halloween, we got to meet wonderful characters - Kato, 6 Smurfs, Foxy Love, Leonidas, and the bartender was dressed up as a gay wrestler. The drinks at Knock put both Bump and Pure to shame... After 4 martinis, I was done in! All around it was a great night, great restaurant, great bar!
Sorry to say ,service is disgraceful. I want to support our community but service here is poor. Yes it was,busy,however if a bartender has time to chat with friends he has time to at the very least acknowledge 5 men waiting to be acknowledged. Not sure if Woody still owns this.If so you need management and new staff.Also 2 of the 4 bartenders need attitude adjustments. Talking negatively about customers in front of customers is down right obnoxious.
Ok, hands down this place has some of the nicest servers and best customer service you'll get. We just tried Knock for brunch today and were raving the whole time about how great the service was. Our cup wasn't empty a single time. The prices were awesome too. My husband and I got two Knock burgers and coffee for under 30 bucks. Rare. 

The food was really good. I should have ask for mine a bit more done but that was my fault. Other than that, everything rocked. We'll definitely be coming back to try the shrimp cocktail I've been craving for dinner:)
Though I am only 28, I feel like I have outgrown the crazy party bars! I am a fan of KNOCK! I love the style of the bar and I enjoy the food in the restaurant. It's the kind of place that makes you want to settle in for a while instead of bar hopping. Well, during most of the day. At night, it becomes a pit stop of sorts and I prefer to be there at an earlier time. Just me, but I also love the brunch. It's a simple menu which is all you need and the staff is very personable a easy-going. I believe the two who run the place are brothers and one of them has greeted us everytime. I am so glad that a great business will survive in this often cursed location on the corner of 12th and Locust. I believe KNOCK is here to stay!
This is a sort of an upscale gay bar/restaurant in the "Gayborhood" of Philadelphia which generally attracts the 30+ something crowd. It's neat, clean, and orderly with a pleasant décor and atmosphere. They also have a dinning area which serves regular sit down, waiter serviced dinners from a rather complete menu. However, I would suggest that one stick with whatever nightly or daily special is offered. From the food I had, it's nothing I would be inclined to rave about or return for. I would rate it as a two star for the food, but four star for the pleasantness of the bar, so I averaged it out as an OK three star place.
Walked in excited for cocktail week specials back in April not knowing it was a gay bar until the person I was with mentioned it.  Everyone was friendly and polite, but I really can't see myself staying here for more than one or two drinks.  It's such a classy place I'm pretty sure I'd room to breath.  Definitely a great place to start if you're in the neighborhood.  My one complaint?  The bartender kept putting glasses to be cleaned in front of us.  The dirty glasses were on his side of the bar, but really, there must be a better system than making us look at the dirty empties.
Not being gay myself but having many gay friends, I have seen my share of gay bars and know the scene in Philly pretty well.

Pluses of Knock:
- Not at all divy or seedy - Knock is clean, bar is well stocked and the clientele is definitely upscale
- Not overbearing - I've been in gay bars before where you can't order a drink without getting picked up.  This isn't the case here, although if you are looking for a quick hook-up, that's pretty easy here as well.
- Pleasant staff - nice guys (and they are all guys, in keeping with the theme here) who will joke with you and pay attention to detail
- Strong drinks - not shy about pouring the booze

Minuses:
- The food is definitely mediocre, at best.  While it isn't that pricey really and they clearly attempt to make it a little more upscale, the kitchen execution is pretty lousy.  Asked for a burger medium, got it beyond well done and an hour after I ordered it.  Calamari was rubber.
- Drink prices are high, but welcome to Philly and the Gayborhood

Worth a trip by, but walk up the street to Garces Trading Company or Morimoto to eat.
My cousin is a regular here. After the Lady Gaga concert earlier this week, my cousin and his friends came here for a drink before some dancing. The ambiance is really nice, and for a Tuesday night it was pretty quiet, so we were able to get a table and just chat and unwind a bit. 

The drinks are made very well (I forget the bartender's name- my cousin was addressing him by name the whole night) and my cousin really loves it here. Perhaps on my next philly trip I will talk him into bringing me to get food here!
A classy gay place in Philly.  No, you say that's not possible.?  Well walk inside cozy Knock and you'll have a change of heart.  

The drinks are pricey compared to the other places in the hood, but Knock is new, clean, well run and a welcome addition to the otherwise bland choices for food and drink in the area.  I'd gush about the service but unless you're sitting at a table it's really tough to get to the bar due to its design.  

The wine list won me over!  While they have a nice choice of house selections the real luscious & memorable wines come from the list.

I found the food to be just fair but the flatbread pizzas are quite tasty.
Came here for dinner after the drag show at iCandy.  

I ordered the chicken croquettes and the margarita flatbread.  I was with a group of 10 and we were hoping for the croquettes as an app, but everything took a while and it all came out together.

The croquettes were terrible.  Terrible! They were oddly large, very dry and flavorless. 

My margarita flatbread had was too much balsamic vinegar on it so didn't check the box for me.  My friend's lobster flatbread was very dry.

I would not recommend eating here.
It's Sunday morning and your body is going through withdrawal from the lack of alcohol in the past 6 hours. Most people would call this a hangover, but I call it a sign, a sign that you need to get to Knock and have their famous Knock-out mimosa. 

Like a good workout regimen, day drinking isn't going to get you anywhere unless you push yourself. This mimosa comes with an added shot of orange vodka, which makes the already beautiful waiters and bar tenders look even better. Who knows, maybe this liquid courage will even push you to find that Sunday afternoon cuddle buddy we all are looking for. Just don't take mine.
Pro-tip: sit outside for extra good eye candy, and to work on your tan.
Knock sponsored a charity event for my church and I thank Bill Wood for his kindness. But the staff failed him. We arrived at 11:30AM sat down for brunch and given a glass of water. We sat for a hour and a half waiting for our food that finally came cold. No coffee was offered until after we ate. I am grateful for Bill taking the time and the cost of the food but sitting for a hour and a half with just a glass of water, then eating cold food, well all I can say is that I won't be back to this place anytime soon.
was there last night with a very large crew. we had a blast! service was great. i didnt eat ,but my friends ordered many dif flat breads. they looked good.  andy p hosted  karoki (why do i not know how to spell that thing where people get the words to songs and sing along to music)? ha. anyway, i did not participate, but many of our crew did, it was funny and we found out, some actually have talent. i spent too much time there and my head hurts today for it.
Knock had been recommended to me by a bartender from another place in the neighborhood as a good meal so I checked it out and did indeed find it good.  The wait-staff was friendly and attentive, the decor was modern but warm, and there was a great vibe in the place.  I enjoyed my first visit so much I brought my work team out to dinner this week again.  We all had great meals and found our waiter, Aaron, sociable, attentive, and really added to the whole dining experience.  There was no rushing us out and we ended up staying for several hours talking and enjoying the desserts and coffee.  I thought the prices were moderate when you throw in a glass or two of wine, but it wasn't outrageous or unexpected.
I haven't spent anytime in the bar area but it appears bustling with a nice crowd that wasn't too loud but made the space feel alive.  I'll definitely be back.
Knock is the latest venture by Bill Wood (of Woody's fame). Located in the old Lula space (home to roughly 2194 other restaurants before that), this simple yet swanky space plays host to what appears to be half of gay Philadelphia at night. The bartenders are quick to smile and to pour, and the wine list features many of my favorites. After several glasses I knew I needed something in my stomach to soak up the alcohol, but my friend refused to let me order any food, saying he'd sent back everything he'd ever ordered there. I listened to him, proceeded to get drunker and more gregarious on my empty stomach, then spied him eating a delicious-looking gourmet flatbread pizza at the bar. Damn it. By then I was past the point of no return but I plan to go back and sample some dishes from what looks to be an ambitious and delicious menu. With luck, I won't send any back.
Knock is the crowning jewel of Philadelphia's gay community. You can just feel how classy it is once you come through the door. You have your choice to sit and mingle in the bar area, or grab a table in the fine dining area. This place is always rockin' each evening and through the weekend.

The bar area is spacious, and you have some of the best staff in Philly. Vinny, Jason, etc. are always so friendly and attentive the moment you step up; you almost feel like you've known them for years. It's kinda like a more-quiet sports bar, with tvs to catch games or evens on, but not loud so you can keep conversations going. Of course you can also order food to eat while you are at the bar or one of it's small side tables.

The fine dining area is really classy - white tablecloths, candlelight, nice plates and silverware - and it spans the long length of Knock. It's a gorgeous experience that rivals any of Philly's top restaurants. And the food is super-delicious; most notable are the burgers and the steaks. Knock usually has some unique veggie items to compliment the meal, such as asparagus fries.

You don't have to be gay to come here, and you won't feel uncomfortable here if you aren't gay. Knock attracts a more mature clientele, which is a welcome change from most other gay places that are bombastic and full of wasted youth. Of course, I like seeing an overwhelmingly gay circle of people here, as I still need a mate! *wink*
Beautiful decor.  Lousy food.  OK drinks.  Inconsistent bartender service.
This place is mediocre. The Grilled Steak, Onions and Bleu Cheese flatbread was oily. Not a very large portion. And it was almost cold. The cheeseburger was the same way. The fries were cold and limp.
Wasn't worth the price! The waiter was not the best either. Not very attentive and not very friendly.
Maybe a good place to get drinks with friends, but that's it.
I'm sorry as a gay male,I want to support a gay establishment. Knock is not somewhere I will return too.Outfest weekend,not busy .The bartenders are not engaging and not welcoming. The restaurant was steady not packed I wonder why.Service maybe.Sitting at the bar  all 3 bartenders discussing the money they need to make. Well maybe they would make money if they did their job.This is the last time I will donate my hard earned money to.
.
Wow, this place has really gone downhill recently. $13 for 6 small
 chicken bites? $15 for a few small pieces if dried out calamari? They must be kidding! Also, the service from our waiter was lacking. He reminded us f a used car salesman, constantly trying to upsell menu items. Also be forewarned their food is mediocre at best.
We've been coming here for years but no more after tonight.
My advice is to avoid this place at all costs. There are many better places nearby.
Now that I've actually eaten here a couple of times, I feel like I should update my original review. I still like Knock for all the same reasons, but now I also give them two thumbs up for the yummy and reasonably priced (for small plates anyway) food. Shrimp and beef skewers with apricot glaze are delish, the lobster and brie flatbread is amazing, and the chicken fingers were huge and delightfully crispy.
I quite frankly don't get why people crowd this place, except that it seems to be a popular spot for the older gay locals, and centrally located in the Gayborhood.  

While the atmosphere is pleasant to look at, there's not enough bar space, and the bartenders routinely seem aloof, if not overwhelmed. Getting a drink is a test of any man's patience here.

I'm hardly a penny pincher when it comes to drinks, but I was kind of shocked at the $8+ charge (at happy hour, yet!) for a Jim Beam on the rocks. This is ludicrous. 

I'm totally unimpressed. Okay place to meet your friends, but we nabbed one drink and moved on. 
There are friendlier, better places to imbibe in Philly than here.
Nice & attentive staff complimented by good food.  The salads and soups are well-portioned and the flatbreads are delicious.
I was in Philly last week on Convention for the American Theatre Organ Society. We were taken to Knock by a regular customer and we had an incredible time. The owner, Woody, and his staff welcomed us and made us feel like family. They even sat with us and talked for quite a while. The drinks, atmosphere, and clientle were a delight. They even allowed us to take over their piano room one evening. We went back 6 nights in a row. I will go back. Thanks guys!
I love this restaurant! The atmosphere is so nice and the food is delish!.
Its a lovely place to unwind after work, they make great cocktails.  Also, they have a really nice outdoor seating area which offers you a nice view of the street so you can sit back, sip a good drink, eat some great food and people watch!
I recently came back for drinks and appetizers.   We ordered corn fritters with a mushroom and goat cheese sauce....yum!  We also ordered some shrimp with beef skewers.  Everthing was delicious!  Aaron, our server, was awesome!  Even though it was weeks ago, he remembered what me and my friend ordered the last time we were there!  This totally impressed my other friend who used to be a restaurant manager. This place just keeps getting better and better!  Love it!
Came here for lunch today as we just happened to be passing by. I had no expectations, but immediately upon walking in I realized this was a much older crowd bar / restaurant. Heads turned and looked at us for what felt like minutes. Finally we were told to sit wherever. The restaurant itself feels very dated. Also my menu had food stains all over it and the half booths had a lot of rips and tears. -- Our server was nice, but definitely favored the other crowd around us. Majority seemed like regulars so it can be understandable.

We both ordered the turkey club. One with house chips and one with fries. What changes the whole experience of Knock for me was this $9 turkey club. I was so surprised at how delicious it was. The turkey was thick and so juicy and the chips were great! I ate every last bite. I don't know if I will ever be back, but if you find yourself here at Knock... Turkey Club is where it's at.
Our concierge at the Loew's sent us here when we asked for a bar downtown where we could get a nice martini before dinner.  It was a great call.  We didn't eat - just came for a drink.  The place was lively on a Friday night at cocktail hour.   The crowd was a mix of young and old, which is nice.  And the bartenders were REALLY nice.
Despite the fact I'm a straight woman, I've become a regular at Knock. I can't say anything about the food because my friend and I usually hit the Westbury because it's cheaper. What I love about Knock is that it has beautiful decor and plenty of space for socializing. The clientele is diverse, with a mix of regulars and occasional patrons. It's almost entirely gay men, so it's not uncommon that I'm the only woman there. 

I got lucky there this past New Year's Eve by snogging with a man who defined himself as the "gayest straight man." But that seems typically of Knock- unusual and interesting encounters are possible there. Every night at Knock feels a little different, which makes me want to come back. The bartenders pour the drinks strong and know how to hustle when the place is packed.
I reserved hi-top tables by the bar for a party of 20 two weeks in advance of our date.  I called three days prior to our arrival to confirm our party and assured everything was set.  As quests arrived for our party, there was no room for us to sit and they did nothing to make room.  We left and had to relocate a party of 20 at the last minute.  30 minutes after we left, a manager called my cell phone and said they have room for us now.  I never went back and I never will.  As a business owner myself, I feel this is a poorly managed restaurant.  If you go on a whim, with a small crowd, maybe Knock is a nice place to hang out.  I would not suggest having a planned event here.
Located in the gayborhood, Knock is a lovely place to have dinner and/or drinks.  They have weekly dinner specials where you get a nice dinner for $15 Monday through Thursday.  My friend and I got the Flounder stuffed with crabmeat served with potatoes and sauteed spinach.  It was delicous!  The serving we received was huge and by the time we were finished, we were very full and satisfied.  The outdoor seating is ample and it was a very nice and relaxing atmosphere, b/c there isn't as much traffic (foot, auto or otherwise).  The waitstaff is excellent and super nice and attentive.  The owner was very friendly and kept adjusting the umbrella so that we would be shaded from the setting sun.  Will definitely come back.
Really enjoyed the space.  The bar area is great, the restaurant space very inviting and well-lit.

Staff:  Cocktails prepared by Tim were terrific.  Tim was sassy and fun, too.  Keep him.  Tattooed barback who refused to stand still long enough to even let us look at his tattoos was a bit ridiculous.  Bartender who came on after Tim had an ass like g'dunk!  He was incredibly sexy.

Drinks:  Like, I said, terrific.  My friend had several good-lookin chocolate martinis.  

Food:  Flatbread was good, filet was so-so.  

Really enjoyed the vibe, the breadth of the customers (age, race, dress, etc) - looks like Philly's got a gay winner here!
The only reason I'm knocking off a star is because they ran out of the filet medallions that I really wanted.  My girlfriend and I were pretty surprised when we first walked in--there were hardly any women in there at all!  After adjusting to that, we were greeted by the extremely friendly host--he asked what our names were and joked around with us. Definitely a good sign!  The interior is very soothing, with its dark wood walls and warm lighting.  The bright abstract paintings on the walls I could do without but that's clearly my personal taste.  

We were seated at a cozy table away from the window (since the host could tell that we were freezing from the outside) and our attentive waiter came over immediately to fill our water glasses.  We started off with drinks (my GF's Mai Thai was delicious) and settled on starting with the Parmesan chicken tenders.  They came out very quickly and were delicious.  While still clearly being chicken tenders, they were light and the honey mustard dipping sauce was excellent!

After sadly finding out that they had run out of filet medallions, I settled on the braised short rib (since the waiter suggested it and said it was their most popular item) and my GF had the BBQ chicken flat bread.  The food came out quite promptly and man, I was not disappointed in the short rib.  The chili powder sauce, while giving the meat a bit of kick, was not overpowering and the meat simply melted in your mouth.  The mashed potatoes that came with it were also excellent.  The GF's flat bread was delicious and surprisingly filling for not being terribly big.  Unfortunately, we were both too stuffed for dessert but I have a feeling we'll be coming back here soon to try the filet, as well as dessert.  I whole heartedly recommend this restaurant if you want fast, friendly service as well as a delicious meal.
After celebrating my birthday at Valanni, we were looking for a place where some people could snack and others could drink that was nearby.  After a quick search on Yelp, this place came up with good reviews, and seeing that it was close by, we decided to go.  I'm glad we did.  
    I can't say enough good things about the service.  Our large group was quickly attended to, and they put some tables together for us.  I ordered a watermelon martini, which was very good. It was sweet, but not overly so, and with a good amount of liquor.  Many others at my table got food.  The sweet potato fries mixed with regular fries and jalapenos were really good.  Everyone who got mini pizza like things (sorry I don't remember what they were called) really enjoyed them.  Everything came out quickly.  They immediately brought us water, and kept it refilled.  
     It was a good experience.  I will be back when I'm in the neighborhood!
Have you ever wondered how it would feel to dine at a nursing home??  C'mon.....you know that you have.  Well if you have, all you need to  do is head over to Knock to get a first hand experience, complete with the enchanting scent of soiled Depends!

Honestly, the experience was less than expected, believe it or not.  The service and food were lackluster, all complimented by a tired setting.

Unfortunately for me, I chose this sad little venue to celebrate a friend's birthday.  I personally went over the same afternoon as my dinner reservation to coordinate a cake for my friend, who would never let me do so in person.  So much for going out of my way to do something nice for a friend.

So, let's flash forward to our actual meal.  Our passable dinner came and went. There was a raucous memorial going on for some deceased drag queen (or similar local character), which only added to the ambiance...insert obvious sarcasm.

When our "dining" experience ended, I expected our server to bring the cake that I had arranged for that afternoon.  Instead he simply brought me the bill.  I could have said something at that point, but my friend would have been upset, so I let the moment pass.

Upon leaving, I talked to an apathetic host/manager in order to let him know my displeasure with the entire situation, but he just tried to turn things on me as if it were my fault and made absolutely NO effort to make amends.  Whatever.  He is the main reason for this review.  You know who you are.

So if you are looking to dine with the living dead, this is the place for you!

You Have Been Warned!
Knock is one of the many gay bars in the gayborhood, also with a upscale restaurant as part of it. It mainly attracts an older crowd compared to Bump or Tavern, and most people are there for drinks. I'm no exception, having been there a handful of times for drinks, but finally went for dinner with a couple others earlier this week for the first, and last, time.

The service was fine, especially given that it was our waiter's first night. He was attentive and new the menu fairly well given that he was new. The host was also very pleasant and helpful. The food, on the other hand, was extremely disappointing for a center city restaurant.

I started with an arugula salad with a 'sweet citrus vinaigrette'. At first I thought they forgot the vinaigrette because I couldn't taste anything, even though I could see what looked like dressing on it, so I asked for some more. I was clearly mistaken, as the side cup they brought out was very lackluster. It tasted like extra virgin olive oil, ground pepper, and a very light hint of lime juice. No acid whatsoever, quite odd for a 'citrus vinaigrette'. The arugula also wasn't stemmed, and every bite I took ended with me covering my mouth to get the last couple of inches of stem in.

For my entree, I had a lobster-brie flatbread(aka pizza), and tasted pretty blah. The crust had more of a naan taste than 'flatbread' or pizza, and the topping of lobster-brie had no seasonings whatsoever. It felt like it would make for a nice party hors-d'oeurves, naan with a lobster-brie dip, but I didn't think it made for a good dish.

All in all, the restaurant is very so-so, especially given the prices. While I didn't have a full-priced $25-$30 entree, my friend did and was not pleased. I'm sure I'll be coming back for the bar, but the restaurant left me feeling bummed.
Always a stop I make after bar hopping for delicious food. James is my favorite server here regardless of how long I haven't been around he always remembers me! 

The atmosphere is cozy and relaxing. They sometimes even have someone playing the piano. My favorites here is the fried calamari , the jumbalaya,  the sunday prime rib, the sliders annddd gah almost everything! Oh and the knock burger is great.

The food is good and the drinks are strong! This place is great.
Stopped in while traveling. Nice interior. But your typical gay restaurant. Overpriced drinks marginal food. It was "so-so"--it was one of several places we visited in CC while in town-- it was "just OK"
outdoor seating on a warm sunny sunday. hungover or not, i like the location to watch the people of my 'hood mill around.

indoors at the bar, i am generally ignored as a female, but i dont mind. the bartenders are nice once i can get their attention.
I went with a couple of friends for lunch there today on a visit from NY.  The waiter was nice, but not helpful.  He recommended the calamari and the pollack and chips.  Evidently, they fried everything in water.  The calamari was rubbery and the coating was mushy.  The fish filets were also mushy, the "chips" were real chips (no fries? REALLY?), and the salad was soggy.  To be fair, I should say that both of my friends had the salmon BLT sandwich and said they liked their meals.  Maybe I caught them on a bad day.
OMG to be far away from home and to find THE place that made us feel at home and welcomed.  Generous cocktails , fabulous appetizers. ...  dinner still to come.
Absolutely dreadful.  The decor reminds me of a tired Marriott in downtown Harrisburg.  Everytime I walk in, I'm overwhelmed by what seems to be the odor of a powerful cleaning solution.  

The food is dreadful on a good day.

It would be difficult for the service to be worse.  If they know you, they appear to treat a customer well, but if you are not a regular, all you get his attitude.
I like this place, and I recommend it.

It has gradually improved over the years - yes, I've been patronizing Knock since it first opened - and the food is quite good. The salads, entrees and desserts are excellent in fact. I'm sure some of the other reviewers might have come in on an off night, but I will assure you that the "regulars" are devoted to this place and it's very popular.

The decor is attractive and upscale. In the warmer months you can sit outside, cafe style.

Of all the gay bars in Philly, Knock has the best cocktails of all. The bartenders are experts and you don't have to worry about ordering a Sidecar, a Sazerac, a Mudslide, or a Scarlett O'Hara ... they are masters of alcoholic beverages, the drinks are strong, not watered down.
This place is like two different restaurants sometimes. Service is lousy 80 percenty of the time. We are in here every Sunday as this is where the group likes to go.  Some of the food can be good and other times it's of a poor nature. I think maybe they have two different lead cooks/chefs? I ordered a stuffed burger last week, it was on the special menu and it came out over done with a burnt roll.  (second week in a row I got a burnt roll) I sent it back and it came out rare with parts that were raw. I didn't want to send it back again because it would seem I was being too picky and someone else was paying the check, so okay I let it go. I have always been a fan of the atmosphere and also a year or so ago I had some fantastic lamb chop, so I put this review right in the middle. IF YOU DON'T LIKE OVER DONE OR RAW MEAT DON'T COME.
Happen to come here with friends on a humbug and it was awesome. The menu isn't super lengthy but what they have is super delightful and they make it well. Had the chicken salad sandwich that had grapes. Was a little apprehensive about the grapes but it was a sweet surprise. Prices were reasonable and  the atmosphere quaint. I was a pleasant unexpected dining experience. Would definitely go back. Came back and had rhe shrimp and crab po'boy sandwich and all I got to say now is.  I love this place!!
Checked this spot out last night for a before dinner drink while waiting for a table Garces. We found 2 spots at the friendly bar and placed our order. The drink menu was fine for me but my friend, a self imposed beer snob was skeptical when he noticed "miller lite " on tap and his fears were realized when he found a typo on menu describing his beer as an IPA when it clearly was a pale ale. Reasonable prices for 2 drinks and the staff was friendly and attentive. I would check out again and maybe sit outside and have a lite bite.
Very nice bar in the Gayborhood for dining and conversation.  This is one of the few where you can actually hear the conversation with the person you are there with, as the music isn't deafening!  The food is pretty darn good and worth the trip. Bar staff is freindly and hot, especially that asian barback they have!! YUMMY!
I went to Knock last night with a friend and it was a nice cozy bar/restaurant.  Our waiter, who I believe was the owner was extremely helpful.  We ordered two strong martinis and some appetizers.  The southwestern eggrolls were delicious! Almost better than the ones at Chili's.  The avocado ranch dressing was flavorful as well. 

In the back, they had someone playing Christmas carols on the piano.  It put you in the holiday mood.  I would definitely come back!
The atmosphere is nice and it is quite overall. I had a flatbread cheesesteak  pizza that was honestly subpar. The bartender was more interested in chatting with his friends than serving us. The cleanliness could be improved in the bar and dining area. I would not recommend this place at all unless you enjoy a bunch of old prissy men sitting around.
Was there on a Friday evening and had to wait a long time to get a drink at the crowded bar. Was pleased to see that the restaurant was so inviting and well-appointed (white table cloths, etc.). Ordered the 'special' fish fry and it was awful: much greasy batter and almost no fish.  The waiter's service could be described as ambivalent at best. I've gotten less attitude from homophobic counter servers in hick town diners.   With so many great restaurants in Philly, Knock is really not worth the patronage of the gay community or anyone else. My sincere regrets to the family with children who were poorly treated at this place.
In the back, this place has perhaps what is the greatest piano lounge in the entire tri - State area, and Yelp's description doesn't even mention it !   They run it each Friday and Saturday evening .
Ate there yesterday during Outfest, place was not crowded. Ate there several times in the past. Our waiter was cold and had the attitude of Joan Crawford on acid. Drinks were watered down and food was so- so.
A couple beside us received a dirty glass and when they brought it to the waiters attention his reply was in abitchy attitude was ... " We'll see what we can do !", after several minutes of no response they left. When the waiter returned he just said " tough / next ! " . And three guys on the other side of our table that the one received a wrong salad. They took his wrong salad back to the kitchen and never returned with the correct one.
I ate there in the past when the place was packed and better waiters and no issues.
But to eat there and the place is a little over half full and this happens ... no excuse!
I worked in restaurants and bars and this is unacceptable.
Never going back ... I'll spend my rainbow dollars at a better establishment.
Knock has a vibrant bar scene.  The bartenders typically make excellent cocktails.  During the warmer months they take over the corner of 12th and Locust which I love.  The transformation of the block is fantastic.

The place has a nice romantic vibe and is quieter than it' surrounding restaurants.  Where it falls short is the menu.  Some of the appetizers are quite tasty, but the majority of the menu could use some excitement.  On a recent visit, My entree was overcooked and a little tough to eat.

I can recommend this place if you want a lite bite and some drinks.
Gourgeous staff!
tastey dinner
great location

the gold club for gay men
Okay, let's be clear. This place looks kind of classy, but it's not. Which is totally fine by me. The clientele can be a bit...bleak, but if you go with friends and enjoy a few of the cheap, SUPER STRONG drinks, it can be quite a good time. Go on Thursday, when they have karaoke. It takes entertainment to a whole new level.
I describe Knock to my skeptical friends as being like an urban ski lodge.  Toasty cedar smells always greet you when you walk in, the dark wood walls and faux-fireplace are highlighted by warm lights and a few tasteful mirrors.  This isn't your mother's gay bar.

Knock is so comfortable and friendly its no wonder that you see the same faces here day after day.  And unlike some other places in the vicinity, its always full of friendly conversation, a competent staff and very few roofies (kidding)... 

There was a time when I sat at the bar at Knock 2 or 3 times a week.  It's my Cheers.  I don't have time for those shenanigans anymore, but whenever I go back, I always drag friends along because you'll never find a more friendly bar.  The very attractive staff always has something to interesting to say and, if you're lucky, the owner Bill Wood (formerly of Woody's) will drop a juicy story about Grace Jones riding her motorcycle through Pure back when it was the 2-4 Club.  True, things like this don't help Knock shake its rep as an old man's bar, a brighter, cleaner Uncles.  But, honestly, I just like to think of it as more grown up.  Its the kind of place you find in every neighborhood in New York--as cosmopolitan as Therapy; as relaxed and fun as Gym.  Depending on the time of night you'll find everything from party-hearty newly 21-year-olds, to 35-year-old professionals, to guys in their 60s enjoying a nightcap or a late night snack (the kitchen serves delicious flatbread pizzas until 1am.  I'm still craving the Lobster White Pizza).

There's not a person I've met yet who hasn't enjoyed this bar.  Its a refreshing change of pace, a lot of fun and the kind of place where everybody feels at home.
I thought I walked into a restaurant, but I think I really walked into a gay bar that served pretty damn good food. And stiff drinks.

Who cares about the label, it was a great meal, with a bonus giggle after I ordered 'sliders, all beef, well done'
What can I say, the first time I walked by this place I was looking for a nice dinner. I noticed the white tablecloths and the menu sounded delicious. I was naive to the fact this was a gay establishment and probably needed a reservation and left a little disappointed because I really wanted to eat here & I was hungry!
I still haven't actually eaten here but had a martini afterwork in the outdoor seating and found it quite enjoyable and inexpensive. Maybe it was the good company that added to the experience but overall a ok.
I loved Knock.  The atmosphere was upscale and fun and the food was very good.  Will definitely return on my next visit to Philadelphia.
I love coming to Knock.  Food is always well-prepared, the drinks are excellent and the staff is friendly and efficient.
People only say good things about this place out of loyalty for Bill Woods. Other than that it's the worst place in the gayborhood to eat. I've tried time and time again to swallow my proclivities and I'm dissapointed every time. One of the worst meals I've ever had and the service followed. Stay away.
Recently in Philadelphia for a day to visit family and friends, I was invited here for pre-dinner cocktails.  Owned by Woody (the prior owner of the dimished namesake gay bar Woody's), this bar-slash-restaurant pleasantly kicks it up a notch with an appealing (if constantly crowded) interior, an oblong rich wooden bar reminiscent of Cheers, and a dining area extending through to the back of the space.  

What's memorable about this invention is that it 1) picks up the neighborhood by making good use of a space which has housed many failed restaurants; and 2) blends in with the revitilization of the 12th and 13th Street corridors that compose Philadelphia's LGBT neighborhood.  The bartenders shine, and they are more than pleasant, accomodating and deserving of their tips (albeit very busy during happy hour).  The drinks (as previously mentioned in another review) pack a whallop.  I had four rum and cokes (purchased by various friends during my time there) and consumption induced a comatose-like sleep later that night.

There is a fly in the ointment, however: the food.  For such a fine interior, the food (pork shank, lobster and pasta in a cream sauce) were memorable only in that the dishes were horridly bland.  I would sooner seek flavor by running my tongue along a carpet in an inner-city needle exchange clinic.  The upside: the waiter was pleasant.

Final thoughts: Great for drinks, company, and atmosphere.  Leave it at that and everyone will have a wonderful time.  Three stars for the business, an additional star for the pleasant staff.
I like going to Knock.  Although sometimes I end up there in rehearsal clothes (tights, ripped tee-shirts, booty shorts) and feel like I may be judged.  I'm sure that's my own insecurity for not wearing a "go out" outfit.  Anyway, I am always astounded by the strength of the drinks every time I go to a gay bar with my BFFs.  I am a member of a collective called "Team Gay" (look us up on urban dictionary), and they are constantly bringing me to these new places. The last time we went to Knock, it was a Thursday night and we sat outside. I believe it was the opening night of Qfest, so it was jumpin.  There was karaoke happening inside, and when I walked in I thought there would be many divas belting it out.  Instead, it was a more subdued, older crowd crooning out some songs that I'm sure are considered beautiful, but I thought it was really boring. I was gonna jump on the mic and sing some GAGA, but they didn't even have that on the karaoke menu! BOOOORING. Anyway, I can drink lots of alcohol without getting completely W, but after 2 vodka sodas, I really was crunk! How come gay bars make the drinks so strong? I love it !!!! I'll return to Knock, sometime in the near future.
I was there last Saturday early evening. Sat outside. I ordered the southwest egg rolls. My significant other ordered the wings. The service was good. The staff was nice. The food we ordered was very good too. Only one problem.... Three hours later I had bad stomach pains and threw up. That was the only food I had that day. And none of the other three people I spent the weekend with in close quarters got sick. Based on the facts, I suspect that either the food handler had dirty hands or the southwest egg rolls were bad.
Hi Darlings!

Hubs and I did an impromptu visit to The City of Brotherly Love last Sunday. We walked here, there, and everywhere (covering *7* miles!) and worked up a bodacious appetite, figuring a nice meal at Knock is in order. We'll ignore the fact that this outing also served as our 15th anniversary dinner (go us!).

We've been here a few times before, but it *has* been quite a number of years since our last visit, so this was a highly anticipated experience (after all, we walked 7 miles you know!!).

Of course you're interested more in the place itself, so without further ado, let's get down to business. (Oh...hey Jonathan!!)

Service is impeccable. No complaints whatsoever. Our server was a lovely guy...very polite and accommodating. The meal itself was well-paced; we didn't experience long wait times between salads and the entrees, nor did the entrees come out while chowing down on the salads...so props there. Everyone we came into contact with was professional as you would expect in a higher-end restaurant.

Food: Very good. Just as good as I remember it years back.

Drinks: The two Kahlua and Baileys were even better! (hiccup!) Your host was feeling pretty good :)

Other: there is a bar area where friends can meet up and enjoy drinks and bar snacks, and there are TV monitors in that area. The dining area is a bit quieter and more intimate. Window seating is available but that typically depends on how busy it is. One thing darlings, is if you're planning to dine here on holidays (like Valentine's Day), a reservation is highly recommended.

So there you have it. We definitely look forward to a return.

Ciao...TTFN!
Your Host.
"Oh my gosh...you're so good.  You dance just like Nancy Sinatra!"

You know it's going to be a fun time when a bartender is doing a little go-go dancing while cleaning glasses as "Wipeout" by the Surfaris plays.   You know it's going to be even more fun when a patron at the bar offers the above quoted compliment to said bartender.  However, the bartender was about 25 years old and and no idea who Nancy Sinatra was, so he went back to washing his glasses.

Stopped in here for a quick dinner and drink and was very pleased.  Allagash White on tap is never bad.  Started with an arugula salad with toasted cashews and Manchego Cheese, which was gigantic but also delicious.  That was followed by the small crabcake, served over spinach, which was delightful.

I liked the bartenders, the food was good, prices were reasonable and when they play Lesley Gore on the sound system and you hear someone compared to Nancy Sinatra, you simply can't rate this below four stars.
Another reminder of why I need to stop having dinner at knock!!! inconsistencies is one, I asked for the kale salad with salmon no onions so I'm paying for salad and an extra 9 dollars for the salmon. I had a long week and just wanted to take myself out to dinner and just relax.  It took awhile to get my meal and when I did get It I found out the salmon was burnt on bottom( not sure why the chef would let that go, I guess for guys like me who just let It go) then I started eating my salad and found some onions in salad. Server was incredible!!! I will not buy dinner here anymore!!!!
We went there after visiting the Christmas market at city Hall. My first visit to Knock. Entering Knock the decor was warm and friendly. Local feel with a nice contemporary bar with fireplace, small dining area with a piano. Tables appointment very nice. Atmosphere won me over.

Service was just okay, not focused, needs improvement. 

Food also needs improvement. We both
 ordered the Knock burger and both were undercooked, and the roll soggy.

Will give it another try and report back.
I love Knock. The drinks are strong, the bartenders are attentive and there's a piano bar. What more could you want? I've had food here and it's good. Larry, the manager, is amazing. I appreciate you, Knock.
The snooty attitude of some of the employees is ridiculous, to the point of a laughable. There are too many other places to get a drink. Give it a break with the snootiness.
Came into the bar...not busy at all...took them 20 mins to even realize I was there...sat there waiting for someone to get me another beer...but they were too busy closing out...a hour before the bar was supposed to close...very poor
We used to enjoy knock...especially the drinks and appetizers. We tried hamburgers,  dry ..We Went back to calamari and chicken bites.  
Our evening at Knock was horrible,  customer service below standards.. Our waiter attitude was money hungry.  We ordered calamari,  small, but ok.  Then we ordered chicken bites,  terrible..the overall experience was awful...to top it off the staff was unapologetic and just didn't give a damn.
A family lunch for the four of us. George was a fun server. The brunch specials were wonderful especially the eggs and salmon. The Montecristo was out of this world. The interior decorator out did her/himself. I never commented on a bathroom review before though this one deserves it because of its great layout and color.
Been coming here for many many years. Brunch was always reliable, but the last month it has slipped. The quiche and roasted potatoes were always fresh. The last two weeks I got a frozen quiche in a pie tin. I was told it was a "different" way the chef was doing it. Also the potatoes were right out of a bag in the freezer. I guess the Sysco truck dropped them off.
Came into the bar...not busy at all...took them 20 mins to even realize I was there...sat there waiting for someone to get me another beer...but they were too busy closing out...a hour before the bar was supposed to close...very poor service
Went here today for my sister in laws birthday. Really nice place. 
I got the turkey BLT and it wasn't lunch meat. It was thick pieces of turkey. Also the French fries were awesome. Perfectly crispy. 
Wait staff was extremely attentive. 
Bathroom was like a sauna. That last thing is not a complaint either. No one likes to go somewhere with a cold bathroom. I swear some of these places keep their bathrooms cold on purpose. I think they want to avoid lines created by someone just sitting in there. So they go out of their way to make the bathroom an uncomfortable experience. Not this place! I went in there multiple times during our lunch. I wasn't disappointed once. 
The only down side is someone cut the cord on the cappuccino maker. You'll have to stick with regular coffee.
As much as I have loved coming to KNOCK for over 13 years, the past few months have been extremely disappointing.  2 times this past week I had unsatisfactory service.  I waited over 30 minutes for food (and I just cancelled the order and left) - the place was NOT busy - and the second time I sat at the bar - the bar was NOT busy - and was totally ignored for service.  The bartenders were busy having a conversation on the other side of the bar.  I decided not to interrupt.  I hope that someone in management reads this and remedies the situation.  It's no wonder the other bars in the area are PACKED on weekend nights and Knock is not.  Please improve customer service!
Visited Knock for the first time this evening with a large group of colleagues and it was a fair experience. Located in a historic district, Knock is one of several local businesses and shops. My party consisted of fifteen (15) professionals, all with eclectic palettes. The menu has several different options ranging from seafood, burgers, and pastas. Overall, I wasn't impressed with the quality of the food. You'll notice several different food options via the pictures I upload.  Personally, I ordered the jumbo crab cake, as an appetizer and seafood alfredo. The jumbo crab cake, came on a bed of warm spinach and a tomato based sauce. The crab cake was not jumbo and was okay. The consistency of the crab cake was not to my liking, nor was its firmness and taste. Overall, for the cost, it wasn't worth the value. The seafood Alfredo consists of scallops, cod fish, and shrimp. I asked could the pasta only be shrimp and the restaurant was able to accommodate that. I was very impressed with my waitperson's follow-up to ensure that I got what I wanted. Unfortunately, the Alfredo sauce was watery and the shrimp seemed boiled. Overall, it was eatable, but not on my list of favorite dishes. Several of my colleagues ordered the NY Strip, medium well, and some of their orders can me back rare. Rare to the point that we had to send it back. Overall, the staff was friendly, the food was average, but I enjoyed the company of my colleagues in their large dining area. I don't plan on coming back!
Flatbreads? Sausage ones with brocolli and asparagus with lobster meat, mac and cheese with bleu cheese...how yummy it was!

The decor was quite warm and inviting and service was excellent. What a great find in Philly!
Just went there for dinner and enjoyed everything. Yes it was $100 for two with tax and tip but we had a full meal, drinks, coffee and desert. The food, I had the scallops, was excellent. Bread was complimentary, ( unlike one place that shall be nameless ) and the portions were substantial, ( unlike one place that shall be nameless ). We did get our money's worth which is a compliment these days when $100 dollars will get you a shaved piece of something and a 4oz glass of wine. Will go back.
